game-hours: 425.0
review: still cant figure out how to jump
game-hours: 1792.5
review: Dota 2 is like a black hole. It sucks in your time, energy and chance of getting laid. But it's fun to spin around in.
game-hours: 1604.6
review: Dota 2, where do I start. This game has ruined my social life, I spend every day on this game, training, waiting, and drinking through my mountain dew, to one day become the greatest. My father said to me, "Son, you will never be dondo." I said to my father, "Dad, I mid, or I feed." My dad dropped to the ground in tears, screaming at the all mighty gabe newell, begging for his son back, but it was too late, I was already back on dota, at mid, blaming my team for sucking This game is why I wake up, Why I masturbate, why I decide that masturbating while playing is a good idea. Thank you for such an amazing game, without this game I would have nothing to get mad at when I am rock solid.
game-hours: 1061.0
review: 9/10 i am still waiting for the tenth player confirm
game-hours: 495.8
review: 1) set server region to Europe West 2) language preference - English only 3) find a match 4) realise that 5 people in your match are russians 5) get reported by them for PICKING riki 6) quit Rating: ca/10
game-hours: 3552.1
review: Before playing this game I thought Brazillians were only bad at soccer.
game-hours: 2129.7
review: This game has made me racist towards those who speak any language other than english. Would buy again.
game-hours: 1285.5
review: When I first started DOTA2 I was a little overwhelmed, as my first ARTS/MOBA game it was pretty complicated. I soon started to pick up the mechanics like last hitting and denying. Before I knew it, I was performing  and better. I stopped making silly  and  got vastly better at not  the enemy . For the  part, everyone I've met was very helpful and , there  the   however. As  - play DOTA2    ,  ,     .      !
game-hours: 583.2
review: I've tried Rosetta Stone, duolingo, and even college classes, but nothing has taught me Russian or Brazilian better than this! And it's free!
game-hours: 1721.4
review: ruined my life! 10 /10 best game DOTA2
game-hours: 881.6
review: Roses are Red Violets are blue Riki is invisible What the  should i do? EDIT:I guess you guys.....didn't saw that one coming. 2nd EDIT:MY PEOPLE....i know i need sentries/dust to counter him....no need to say that in the comments...but its always good to know that you people know ^ O ^
game-hours: 937.4
review: Made me learn russian to better communicate with my fellow russian comrades. > Well Played! 10/10
game-hours: 888.4
review: Report Player Simulator 2014
game-hours: 1043.3
review: what more could you want?
game-hours: 2616.1
review: My captain picked me meepo against earthshaker, lich and ember spirit 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 1205.3
review: Russia simulator 2014
game-hours: 562.0
review: Free russian dictionary!
game-hours: 344.2
review: In this game you can: 1- Murderer trees 2- Kill a ancient creature chilling in his cave without mercy and and steal his cheese 3- Learn at most 9 different languages in every single match 4- Kill others players for no apparent reason 5- Can develop erectile dysfunction due to extended seated hours
game-hours: 881.2
review: Really great game. If you love racing games that focus on realism and physics, this is the game for you. Has over 100+ cars to race with. Usually a 10 man race to the finish. Alot better then Forza.
game-hours: 800.4
review: The reason I hate russia now. 10/10
game-hours: 1301.7
review: I originally played Dota when it was merely a UMS on WC3, so take this review for what it's worth. Dota 2 is an addictive experience; however, this game also draws a player base from the bottom of society. If that statement is an insufficient description of the game, continue reading. This game is not for the casual gamer, this game is for those who have the capability to log in hundreds of hours into a game. If you play this game, I can attest that there will be times you love it and times you just want to break your monitor with your keyboard. I have a few hundred hours into the game and no matter how long you play, no matter what you do, you will encounter someone who will complain about something you're doing poorly or not doing correctly and it may ruin the gameplay for you. I can only recommend this game if you have thick skin or you have friends to play with. So here are what I consider the pros and cons of the game: Pros -This is a very intricate strategy based game that relies heavily on teamwork and timing. -Free to play with optional cosmetic costs. -Gameplay always varies due to each individual hero selection. This, in effect, increases replayability tremendously. -Wonderful voice actors with interesting dialogue choices by the developer. -Winning matches in this game often triggers the release of dopamine in the reward center in your brain creating the desire to play more. This in effect causes players to really want to win and may be the trigger of many cons of the game. Cons -This game has a steep learning curve, believe me, there is way more to this game than you might think at first glance. Unlike hero customization in League of legends, not all heroes are created equal and not all ward placements are either. It can be a little intimidating to think that your team is already at a disadvantage from the hero selection, but thus is DOTA. -Secondary to the steep learning curve, games tend to be won or lost by the actions of an individual on either team. This can be ameliorated by steam implementing some sort of "fundamentals of gameplay" video instead of the current lackadaisical tutorial they have. Suffice to say, many new players do not understand that every time their hero is killed by the opposing team, the player loses gold and the other team gains gold. This doubles the impact that each individual has for gameplay. -Unlike other video game developers, Steam does not region lock. This brings about an unforeseen consequence where individuals from any country can join any server despite having a language preference. You can imagine how difficult it is to create a coordinated cohesive team push when there's a Russian only speaker, Spanish only speaker and a Portuguese only speaker on the US WEST server. -Blame is a word that is thrown around in this game like the word inequality is thrown around in America. Unfortunately, this is by far the worst aspect of the game. The game community has very little to no interaction prior to gameplay or thereafter and there is no review conversation on what an individual can do to improve in the future. More often than not, an individual will oversimplify the ongoing team loss to 1 action by 1 individual because of time constraints and heated emotions. -There is no team forfeit vote option in game and often you are sitting there for 10-20 minutes as the other team wastes your time despite securing a victory much earlier. This review is from personal experience and your gameplay may vary. Of course, if you do meet someone ingame who is a decent person, be sure to commend them at the end of the match for their ingame courtesy. Final Rating: -Game 9/10 -Game community 3/10
game-hours: 1637.6
review: ARE YOU LOOKING TO RUIN YOUR MOOD? MAYBE, YOU HAVE SOME FAITH IN PEOPLE? OR MAYBE YOU ARE JUST A MASOCHIST? NO MATTER WHAT YOUR REASON, I HAVE THE GAME FOR YOU! IT HAS BEEN RATED "THE BEST LANGUAGE LEARNING TOOL ON THE INTERNET." LEARN TO SPEAK SPANISH, RUSSIAN, AND PORTUGUESE. ALL FOR THE LOW LOW PRICE OF YOUR SELF-ESTEEM AND FAITH IN HUMANITY! AND NOW FOR A LIMITED TIME. LEARN HOW TO BECOME A RACIST IN YOUR FIRST 10 GAMES, GUARANTEED! NOT INTERESTED YET? HAVE A LOOK AT OUR CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS: " THIS WONDERFUL GAME" -SOME INTERNET GUY "WHY DOES IT HURT SO GOOD?" -QUEEN OF PAIN "    ..   .     .    ." -P "por qu eres tan tonto? I Informe de novato ti." -Taco IF THAT ISN'T ENOUGH TO GET YOU INTERESTED, FEEL FREE TO TRY IT FOR AS LONG AS YOU CAN HANDLE IT! IF YOU ARE NOT SATISFIED, YOU CAN JUST KEEP TRYING UNTIL YOU ARE. BECAUSE ONCE YOU START, YOU CAN'T STOP! somebody please save me..
game-hours: 7.4
review: i've only played this game for 2 hours and the friendly community has already begun to teach me russian greetings such as "c" and "blyat"
game-hours: 3010.7
review: Things I gave to DotA: 1. Money 2. Time 3. Love Things DotA gave me: 1. Arthritis 2. Carpal tunnel syndrome 3, Hatred of Russians, Mexicans, Spanish, Finnish, and Russians 4. Broken keyboard 5. Broken mouse 6. 9/10 ready 7. Server crashes 8. 4 stacks of Russians in EUW servers on English prefrence settings 9. Ranked matches 10. Free to play but Pay to win games (I.E. - Foreseer's contract, New Bloom 2015) 11. "It's in the bag" spam (especially Skywrath) 12. Multilingual cursing - I guess this is a good thing? 13. Split second math - Reliable/Unreliable gold and gold loss on death vs. Buyback availability - This is good too Essentially - DotA is a greedy woman, but I love her all the same. 11 / 10 would play again
game-hours: 11130.0
review: You should buy some hats.
game-hours: 1641.6
review: Made my family think i got some kind of mental illness.... 10/10
game-hours: 1555.1
review: Ruins my life 10/10
game-hours: 1534.9
review: So, here are some limericks about Dota 2 that may help you decide whether to play or not... Sorry in advance There once was a man named zeus His team put him mid on the loose He could totally  But had no escape and so he got ganked like a moose One time Pugna I tried to play But forgot that there is no way To get more than five health Without massive wealth And bounty hunter stuck his peepee in my bum over and over and over and I cried Sometimes if there is a dragon You need to purchase a dagon And then you go ZAP And all 'cross the map People made the excuse they were laggin' Nyx nyxnyx nyx nyxnyx nyx Nyxnyx nyx nyxnyx nyx nyx nyx Nyx nyx nyx nyx Nyx nyx nyx nyx nyx Nyxnyx nyx nyxnyx nyx nyx nyx There once was a brave little feller Who wanted to be the best speller But he was russian And people are 's So now he lives in a cellar There once was a brave little a bear Who smoked into Roshan's lair So hard he tried But he got bashed and died And now his team is giving him the glare If you play dota beware Because it's sometimes a pit of dispair Advice you will heed But your teem will still feed And then you will switch to solitair So I just wasted a solid 25 minutes making jenky limericks about dota... Just play the game, it's awesome
game-hours: 2498.7
review: This game ruined my life. I have failed my academic career. I have no ing social life anymore, or any self esteem. All i do is play this game and get depressed. 9/10 Just a note: Yes this a joke, Jeez.
game-hours: 3102.6
review: I got addicted to this game very easily! How can you not with such great features like: -Get abused by friends -Learn to abuse your friends -No matter what language setting you provide you still will be a '' -Feel slightly racist towards Russains -A loving comunity that just thinks you need to practice more so therefor 'uninstal dota u noob', 'play botz ' or 'report invoqerr he feed' -If it was a 60 minute close game always remember to write 'EZ GAME GG NOOBS' -You instantly get a few cool nicknames when you play dota, 'feeder, noob, '' and lots more -Learn how to get self esteem issues, anxiety and if you're lucky even deppression This game is great, and with such a fantastic comunity you know you're going to enjoy every moment of it.
game-hours: 401.6
review: 10/10 russian language simulator
game-hours: 237.3
review: Best Play Games with Russians simulator I've ever played.
game-hours: 464.1
review: Causes anxiety problems, low self esteem, Tourette's syndrome, mood swings, Bipolar disorder, breakdown of relationships, raging erections, racism. Would definetely recommend. Now take my ramen you .
game-hours: 758.2
review: I've always wanted to go to Russia. To learn the culture, eat and drink and see the sights. But I cannot do that, as it is expensive and I'm busy doing my uni work. But then I found Dota 2. This free learning course teaches you all about Russians and their culture. I can even speak decent Russian! However, these Russian people can get quite angry and annoying. They often shout the phrase "" and bring you to the depths of insanity. I got forced to drink my sorrows away during the beginning of the course, but it was worth it in the end. If you don't have the time and money to travel to Russia, I'd suggest you pick up Dota 2. A fantastic learning resource. 8/10
game-hours: 4037.3
review: You awaken in a cold room. You are naked, and shivering. Looking up from your bed of damp straw, you can just make out what seems to be the Peruvian flag hung from the celing. There is a pistol on a small table near by. For some reason, you are drawn to it. It calls to you like a siren's song. You put it in your mouth, the gunmetal tastes so sweet. The last words you hear, echoing through the chamber: "REPORT NOOB MID HIJO DE  NO GANK"
game-hours: 442.6
review: you get to play as a blue knight, a silly version of frankenstein, an icicle, a guy who hates skyrim, a red mongol, your nightmares, a  on a bat, a redneck, a freaky skin exploder, an invisible gerbil, a drunk squirrel, a porcupine, a spider, a centaur, a knight with a gambling problem, whatever chen is, a skeleton, a robot wannabe, an eskimo, a purple conehead, a purple skeleton thing, a ghost, lightning riding a dinosaur, the concept of doom, a skyrim lover, blue woman group, a rock, a fat dog, an old titan, fire, bambi, gravity, time, a steampunk moustache, a  troll, eminem, everything and nothing, siamese dragons, a  knife wielder, an old guy, a pirate, a black angel, whatever leshrac and lich are, a zombie, a cosplayer, something that is totally not a lion, an old canadian, the scottish moon, a werewolf, a magnoceros, medusa, the pikachu of dota, a tiger woman, a tsunami, a siren, a PLAYAAAAA, asparagus, a , a scorpion, your neighbor, a magical human, the guy who gives hitmen their targets, the void, an assassin, cancer, a bird, a 13-year old, your friendly butcher, the prophecy, another cosplayer, a stove, the existence of invisibility, a sock, a sand castle, two shadows, a simpsons outcasts, a quiet guy, an angel, two fishes, a sniper, a female ghost, a fast rhino, a mexican lightning bolt, a rock, a shopping cart, a purple girl, terror, a fish, a guy who hates trees, a sniper with rockets, a rock going throught the stages of life, a tree, a troll, a snowball, a zombie, a bear, a vengeful person, a snake, a flying snake, a dragon, your weirdest teacher, a spider, the wind, a generic african, a hindu, and a god. 10/10
game-hours: 518.1
review: I speak Fillipino fluently after 2 weeks of playing it. 20/10.
game-hours: 1899.7
review: One of the worst games ever. I respect it a lot. I hate this game. I play it every day.
game-hours: 664.4
review: Homemade Tortilla (for 8 servings) Prep : 30 mins Cook : 25 mins Ingredients : - 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour - 3/4 teaspoon salt - 1/4 teaspoon baking powder - 1/4 cup vegetable shortening - 1/2 cup hot water Directions : 1. Whisk flour, salt, and baking powder together in a large bowl. Add vegetable shortening and work into flour mixture using a pastry cutter until it resembles coarse crumbs. 2. Form a well in the middle of flour mixture and mix in hot water. Work flour and water mixture together with a fork and transfer to a cutting board. 3. Knead until a smooth, soft dough is formed, about 3 minutes. Add more flour if dough is too sticky. 4. Place more flour on cutting board, cover dough with bowl, and let rest for 15 minutes. 5. Cut ball of dough into eight equal parts and cover until needed. 6. Roll out balls of dough either by hand or with a tortilla press. 7. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Place flattened tortilla in skillet and cook until it begins to bubble, about 1 minute. Flip tortilla over and cook for an additional minute. Flip again and cook for 1 more minute. Repeat with remaining dough.
game-hours: 39.5
review: Opened Game. Found Match. Picked Sniper. Was told to uninstall. Uninstalled. 2/10 Would not pick Sniper again.
game-hours: 532.4
review: If you're in EU zone - prepare for wild russians. If you're in NA zone - prepare for wild brazilians. Oh, and russians. With over 9000 ping
game-hours: 1663.8
review: This game will make you racist. It's impossible to play it and not start developing a deep hatred for every spanish speaking country under the sun. That aside; It's a great domestic violence simulator; I really think I'm getting the full "Wife who gets beaten by her husband every day but keeps coming back to him" experience.
game-hours: 2857.5
review: Game full of bitter hateful people that can't work together as a team. Will make you unavoidably racist against the following countries: Brazil, Peru, Russia, anywhere that speaks Spanish, anyone that doesn't speak English. Also, possibly more addicting than crack cocaine, and will destroy your life.
game-hours: 511.6
review: doto is gaem aboot 5 guis fiting som udder 5 guis to kill big magic rok thingu acros a reevir. Fore sum reeson, boff sides arr semmetrickle. de too sieds send little beetches in groops of fore at da saem tiem in neever end straggle. somhou big heero maek dis not happen tho. dere arr many hets in dis gaem, its liek pokomon, grotto katch them all! except no one kan katch dem all bcuz deres too maney hets in da gaem. da gaem is whey whey whey bettur dan LeL, or Leeg em Leggings. Leeg em Leggings has big  everwhere, peeple maek gud rool therdy faur tho. I geiv doto a 2/1 becuz it maeks mai lade bonur go stiffy sooka bluat. go hear for moor revew:
game-hours: 5322.2
review: I played this game a little and found it decent. 10/10
game-hours: 8487.0
review: DEVOURS YOUR SOUL
game-hours: 658.4
review: This games community is so toxic that I grew a third p3nis while playing it.
game-hours: 291.2
review: You can eat a tree to gain health. It's basically the best thing ever. 10/10
game-hours: 1592.8
review: It's like hardcore drug use and it destroys lives. Give it a go, what's the worst that could happen? Well, you could be here 1000 game hours later hating yourself as you queue for another all pick. Send help. As in TP bottom because they're five manning.
game-hours: 2876.8
review: It's okay
game-hours: 1962.2
review: This game cost me my job, my girlfriend and brung out a horrible side of me I never knew existed. Good job Valve :D
game-hours: 1564.5
review: This game will truly test the bonds between you and your friends. I'm looking at you, Tony.
game-hours: 6378.7
review: ruined my life! 10 /10 best game
game-hours: 1263.8
review: while the rest of you picked carry my eyes became teary i bought that donkey i bought those wards 4 tangos and 3 branches are all i got i did those pull i did those deny but wth you just died the mid pudge wants me to ward the runes but the donkey is still crawling they call me noob for not buying wards but a gold per second is all i get and i dont even have my boots yet
game-hours: 1595.7
review: I fail my exams, I almost lost communication with my family and friends..became lifeless and reached 1k+ hours on Dota 2 and still have no regrets. 11/10 would die playing for this game. FYI this game is worst than drugs. Once you get in, your never coming back...
game-hours: 1963.6
review: - Too much water 7.8/10
game-hours: 369.6
review: This game made me think one thing. If you don't speak English you don't deserve a computer. 10/10
game-hours: 1077.4
review: There is fine line between bravery and stupidity - Juggernaut. Going into DotA 2 is crossing this line. You've got to be brave to even consider playing it in the first place. If you stay here longer than 2 hours, then I'm sorry but you're stupid. So am I. Because this game, as enraging it can be, is also really enjoyable experience. If you want to be constantly surprised by game, developers and other players, and there is inner drive of self-improvement in you it's game for you. Even if, at the end of the day, you suspect yourself of masochistic tendencies, just try it.
game-hours: 81.2
review: Doto 2 should be used in schools to teach the student russian, portugese and spanish.
game-hours: 1831.7
review: Dota 2 is sequel to critically acclaimed hat trading sim, Team Fortress 2. What Valve has managed to do with hats is astounding. They've improved upon everything that the original had to offer, and then they kicked it up a notch. Imagine a world where everyone and every thing has a hat. Now imagine that you can become THAT hat. You are the weapon, you are the bullet, you are the sword edge. That's immersion on a new level. Never before has an experience been this good. I recommend this to anyone who has ever, or will ever dream of hat, hats, or hat accesories. If you haven't yet, you need to experience this. Go do it. Now. 11/10 Hats, it's alright.
game-hours: 222.0
review: best way to learn russian.
game-hours: 523.7
review: This game taught me that friends are very important, because I'm not gonna play on a team with four random , that's for sure.
game-hours: 679.0
review: Choose in what russia you want to play and you're good to go.
game-hours: 814.8
review: When I started playing Dota 2, I didn't know any Russian, now I'm Vladimir Putin. A better language learning software than Rosetta Stone. 69/10, would recommend.
game-hours: 2493.1
review: really easy game, all you have to do is to select the Russia you wanna play in and BOOM! you can enjoy this fantastic ''Play Games with aggressive Russian Children'' Simulator for FREE! also, causes axiety, low self esteem, bipolar disorder, tourettes syndrome, racism, mood swings and raging erections. may also ruin your life! 10/10 would gank!
game-hours: 1086.3
review: I usually play this game to relax and wind down because of it's super nice community. It calms my spirit to be told to "get rekt " and "neck yourself you feeder nub". I especially enjoy it when super awesome pro players stream the games to twitch and say that their 5 viewers are laughing at me. Classic banter. Every now and then I'll give back some playful jabs but I'm not very imaginative. My favourite lines are "i'll wear your skin kunt" and "your whorsish mother will taste your  blood tonight stain" Classic banter
game-hours: 2344.5
review: Dota 2 is quickly becoming the most played game on Steam, and for good reason. The blend of well-balanced multiplayer, infinite replayability, gorgeous aesthetics, and the time and care Valve has put in to support the community is a recipe for perfection. I simply cannot reccomend Dota 2 enough. The game boasts a roster of over a hundred heroes, and each one feels unique and well-designed. In any given match, you take control of a singular hero, and victory or defeat hinges not only on how well you play that hero, but how also on how well you synergize with your five person team. Unfortunately, the barrier of entry is high. Quite a lot of research, preparation, and knowledge is required to be sucessful, and it can be frustrating losing repeatedly. However, tutorials are available to guide new players, and the time spent learning only adds to the satisfaction of landing a five-man Black Hole or pulling off that perfect Blink-Poof combo. Spectacularly enough, the battlefield is not the only area where the game shines. Dota TV is an in-game spectator mode that allows the option to watch professional teams play in tournaments, including the multi-million dollar International that Valve hosts on a yearly basis. And all of this for free. There are cosmetic items that can be used to customize your favorite hero, however nothing availble changes gameplay in any way. They are mostly designed by members of the community and can be purchased or recieved randomly while playing. Content patches and new heroes are being added all the time. Dota 2 will continue to grow for years, hopefully continuing to find new players interested in a fast-paced online multiplayer experience that is equal parts exhilirating and engaging.
game-hours: 4653.9
review: help me
game-hours: 1780.3
review: Too many Russians. Russians everywhere. Do. Not. Want.
game-hours: 244.8
review: 10x better graphics than League of Legends 4x friendlier community than League of Legends 20x faster servers than League of Legends 2x lower ping than League of Legends 3x faster install time than League of Legends 2x faster updates than League of Legends 3x more tournament prize money than League of Legends 5x higher skill requirements than League of Legends 15x better hero customisations than League of Legends 12x cheaper microtransaction costs than League of Legends 3x easier user interface than League of Legends 900x more LOTR than League of Legends 8x less noobs than League of Legends 12x less leavers than League of Legends 60x more original than League of Legends 1.5x more players than League of Legends 5x less ragers than League of Legends 2x more mature players than League of Legends 20x more hero diversity than League of Legends 5x more similar to Heroes of Newerth than League of Legends 10x better Hater:Liker ratio than League of Legends 999999999x cheaper server transfers than League of Legends 5x better leavers system than League of Legends 6x better chat system than League of Legends 15x less server maintenance than League of Legends 50x faster server maintenance than League of Legends 999999999999999x cheaper name changes than League of Legends LoL Players can hate, although this review may be EXAGGERATION COMPLAIN AS MUCH AS YOU WANT, THESE VALUES NEVER GO BELOW 1x Until RIOT stops being a TRASH COMPANY and manages to make LoL beat Dota2 in HALF of these REASONS, arguing which game is better is a complete waste of time, the answer is a bit too OBVIOUS? LoL has childish names like Blue Team, Red Team, Minions, Turrets and Inhibitors. Not to mention all the champion names are like that too. Its targeted at 4-9 year olds that recently quit runescape and want a DirectX9 game because their computer is too wooden. These days, easy games attracts NOOBS. Many LoL players used to play Dota but they got wrecked too hard, so they just play LoL, therefore the all the worlds worst gamers are addicted to this no brainer game. Same reason goes why Dota TI players OWN in ranked LoL, but LoL Worlds players cannot even survive in unranked Dota. The gap for the skill requirements for these 2 games is simply uncomparable. Simply amazing how Riot earns millions of $$$$$$$ yet still can't keep their servers functioning. The time it takes to download and install Dota2 is about the same as the time to update LoL. Its true that its a selfish company created for REVENUE ONLY. WTF is $10 for a NAME CHANGE? WTF is $20 for a server transfer? I ALMOST FEEL SORRY FOR LOL PLAYERS GETTING THEIR HARD EARNED MONEY STOLEN BY A TRASH COMPANY THAT EMPLOYS STAFF THAT USES THEIR SERVERS TO TOAST MARSHMELLOWS
game-hours: 15.0
review: Hard to get into, and elves and fire rock men and magic axes aren't my thing. But there's something about it I can't stop playing.
game-hours: 353.0
review: If you're masochistic and enjoy listening to people cuss you out in Portuguese, Spanish, and Russian, you should play. Make sure to set your server settings to US West, US East, and preferred language to English to get the best Portuguese/Spanish/Russian experience.
game-hours: 891.6
review: great game if you hate having fun. the anti-fun levels of this game are the highest i've ever seen. if you like having fun or being happy, stay well away. this is a game made for people who like having their bum smacked by a girl and being told to enjoy it. the voice acting is pretty good as well. -- EDIT: by special request, i'm going to tell you how to find little nuggets of fun in this game that will improve your gameplay experience if you decide to try this game. -ignore your grumpy teammates and use your abilities and items when you want to. -stay away from tryhard meganerd modes like captains* and play fun gamemodes like diretide. -if you see any weird letters like  or that one that looks like a 6, MUTE everybody on both teams and stay on the lookout for opportunities to have fun. -never queue for matchmaking without a good friend. things that are NOT fun and you SHOULD NOT do if you like fun -buy wards when you have no spare money -pick dumb heroes with lots of buttons like chen -listen to grumpy teammates i hope this has helped you to get more fun out of valve's Dota 2. please mark this review as helpful if it has helped.
game-hours: 2301.3
review: This game cured my erectile dysfunction. xaxaxaxaxaxaxaxa
game-hours: 974.1
review: Much worse than any drug out there and it ruined my life. 11/10
game-hours: 1097.9
review: Hello am 48 year man from somalia. Sorry for my bad englando. I selled my wife for internet connection for play "dota 2" and i want to become the goodest player like DONDI I play with 400 ping on brazil server and i am challenger 2. pls no copy pasterino, this is mi story.
game-hours: 1284.5
review: Wanna lose friends, play this game... Wanna save virginity, play this game... Wanna die alone, play this game... Wanna become racist, play this game... Wanna flame at people who talk nicely, play this game... Wanna make people cry, play this game... Wanna throw your PC/Laptop out of frustration, play this game... Wanna break your keyboard, play this game... Wanna sit all day doing nothing, play this game... Wanna waste your life, play this game... Wanna forget about troubles from real life, play this game... Wanna whine and cry like a little baby, play this game... Wanna empty your wallet, play this game... Wanna regret emptying your wallet, play this game... Wanna learn a new language, play this game... Wanna get hemorrhoids, play this game... Wanna get fat, play this game... Wanna lose faith in humanity, play this game... Wanna get depression, play this game... Wanna lose sleep, play this game... Basically, just play this god-damn game... 0/10, but still somehow, 11/10...
game-hours: 485.1
review: how do i jump
game-hours: 2003.7
review: I guess I have to review this game because I've banked so many hours into it. I'll keep it brief. Dota 2 is probably the most frustrating game ever created. Your team will let you down constantly, the enemy team will consistently pick the heroes you hate playing against the most, you will never get the hat drops you want, and your own mind and body will frequently betray you and make you contend with the fact that you are not nearly as good as you think you are (or, more likely, force you to live in a fantasy dream world where you are as good as you think you are and just blame your teammates some more). It'll turn you into a monster and destroy your life. It'll murder your loved ones and feed them to you. But you'll play it anyway. You'll ragequit and uninstall and stare at your library of games as the creeping realization sweeps over you that you not playing Dota 2 will not effect the universe in even the smallest way, will have no conceivable effect on anything. You will be filled with a sudden dread that nothing you do matters and life has no meaning. Basically the same feeling you get when you play Dota 2. And Dota 2 will be your only distraction from this dessicated husk of a life. So the next day you'll find yourself drawn back into it like a moth to a flame, staving off the moment when you'll have to face your demons for as long as you can. You will probably die alone some day and nobody will remember how high your MMR was or your sunstrike accuracy. So what are you waiting for, you worthless peons?! Get out there and dance! DANCE FOR THE PUPPETMASTER GABE! GO EARN YOUR HATS, YOU CRAVEN MONGRELS! 0/10 would not recommend to anyone but can't stop playing and won't be able to stop you either.
game-hours: 717.8
review: Support died because trying to save carry. Carry: "Please no feed, support." Carry: "0/7 lol, noob" Neither they know, support stunned the enemies for their kill, slow them, silence them. All for them. Support is the guy who is behind the carry, doing stuffs. Without a support, where will be the courrier and the wards be? Support is love, support is life.
game-hours: 82.6
review: At first I thought this game was pretty good, but that was until the first time I was called a "feeder". Dota 2 is basically a game based around teamwork, except the community only does three things. 1. Call each other f*gs and berate one another for slightly foolish decisions. 2. Do solo farm and try to win the match by themselves (which never works, ESPECIALLY if they are playing against a team of 5 players in a party, also known as a five stack.) 3. Make fun of, and ruin everything for, new players. If you want to learn how to play Dota 2, you either need a really good guide, or a good friend who has more than 500 hours into the game. The tutorial just teaches you the basics. No, you can't learn by yourself by playing matchmaking with random people. All you'll learn from the other players is that you suck because you're new and don't understand any of the tactics, and that the best course of action would be to uninstall. There's also the fact that some people create new Steam accounts so they can be matched up against newbies and annihilate everyone. Also, this game stole all my friends. We used to play other games, now they play nothing other than Dota 2 and one of them has spent $40 in the game... ON SKINS! COSMETIC ITEMS THAT ADD NOTHING TO THE GAMEPLAY! YOU CAN BUY SOME OF THE BEST GAMES ON STEAM FOR LESS, I REPEATE, LESS THAN $40! AND THEN HE TOLD ME HE ONLY PLAYS DOTA BECAUSE HE CAN'T AFFORD ANY GAMES ON STEAM!!! So there. Terrible community, steals your friends, incredibly addictive if let it be. Don't touch this game. I spent way too much time hating myself while playing this. Never again. EDIT: 172 people read this review. Wow. Also, I have to say, I think the in-game tutorials are better than the actual game, because the actual game has only one map, unlike the tutorials. I know this is pretty standard for MOBA games, but for me this contributes greatly to actually ruining variety and fun in the gameplay. It's just all the same tactics over and over on the same map. This doesn't only mean less variety, but it also means that veterans will know the game just that much better. On another note, this game is like the opposite of everything I like about TF2. Unbalanced classes (According to Google, every Dota hero/champion/class/whatever the hell is overpowered), only A SINGLE MAP, relies too much on teamwork when it's hard to find online (whereas TF2 benefits from teamwork, but still, it's not the key to winning a game, and it's much easier to achieve teamwork, because TF2 doesn't rely NEARLY as hard on your early-game. The early-game in Dota literally either makes or breaks the whole game for you, setting the outcome of the match in stone almost literally during the first ten minutes of the game.), and also, a horrible community. Not saying TF2's community is good, but hell, it's miles above Dota. Don't really know why I am comparing this game to TF2, maybe because Valve made both games, but still, just wanted to throw out there some actual criticisms about the game itself and not the community. Now, some people have been telling me "Pfft, just block the trash talkers". That doesn't change anything. They're still horrible at teamwork, which, like I said, is the entire point of the game. And if you block them, you can't coordinate with them. Basically, it's not only a bad game for new players because you suck, it's also a bad game for new players because everyone else sucks. Except for Koreans, whenever you see one in a game, bam, you already know his team has won. Overall, I think Dota, nay, the whole MOBA genre, has great potential, but it's just too bad I've yet to see any game in the genre actually achieve to fulfill it.
game-hours: 640.3
review: I feel myself becoming more Russian every time i play this game... 10/10
game-hours: 57.1
review: "Welcome to the Salty Spittoon. How tough are you ?" "How tough am I ? I play Doto Yesterday." "Yeah, so ?" "With Russian, and manage to won the game." "Right this way sir, sorry to keep you waiting"
game-hours: 3664.5
review: Game of the Year, All Years.
game-hours: 506.2
review: Butthurt Simulator 2014! Includes: -Raging kids! -Raging Russians! -And finally, RAGING RUSSIAN KIDS (Oh god!) P.S: And no, i do not hate Russians in any way. They are actually awesome!
game-hours: 1318.9
review: Dota 2 is a very highly skilled game, don't expect to walk in and expect you being very good. You are going to die alot and probably yell at your team mates but that's just the nature of this game. Dota 2 takes place in an arena where you will fight to destory the enemies Anicent if you destory it; you win. The Ancient is protected by 11 stuctures called towers that protect it. Each of these towers are found in each of the three lanes bottom, middle and top. You take control of a unit that is a hero, many of them are diverse and have a lot of pros and cons such as Crystal Maiden who is really good at locking down heros early game with her stun but she is also the slowest hero in the game. You are accompanied by 4 other players including yourself to fight against another 5 players. You need to push lanes to be able to destory the enemy towers in each lane but the catch is the enemy team is doing the same thing, so you need to not only push to your victory but to stop the enemy team from pushing aswell. There is 107 heros in Dota 2 out of the 112 heroes that are in the Warcraft III. They are categorised into 3 groups. Strenght, which are usually the tanky guys. Agility, most carries are found in this category and Intelligence which most of the supports are usually found. All these heroes have different skill levels, such as Invoker who is an intelligence hero with 14 spells. He is able to create spells with 4 of his spells, creating the other 10. He is able to create tornados which disable enemies, meteors which looks epic and burns enemies that stand in front of it. Just an all round crazy hero. Viper is arguably the easiest hero which as 2 passive spells (Passive spells are spells that work all the time, you don't need to activate them) and 2 other spells which are targetable. You can customise your Dota experience with annoucer packs which change the voice of the annoucer which include Glados and the narrator from the Stanley Parable. You can change your HUD to different themes. The game allows you to buy tickets where you can support tournments, some of these tournments allowing you to directly contribute to the prize pool. Most of the time it is 25%. In 2014, The International is a annual tournment created by Valve for Dota 2. In 2014, the prize pool for this tournment became 10.9M dollars. First place got 5M dollars! If you are into ESports then this game will be up your ally. Dota 2 is a hard game, but if you look in the right places you are able to learn a lot, if you aren't sure you want to play this game, you can PM me and I can teach you how to play. I honestly don't mind.
game-hours: 1077.5
review: Yes.
game-hours: 3483.5
review: They told me to get a life, so I took theirs... I'm sorry, Master, it won't happen again.
game-hours: 798.0
review: Human misery in video game format.
game-hours: 1207.3
review: This is yet another new release by the company "MOBA" (you may know this company from their popular games such as League of Legends, Dead island Epidemic and Dawngate). This is a very slow paced first person shooter set in the age after the 3rd great war in which humanity has been set back in the ages where magic was still okay to use, in this game you play as an ex soldier trying to defeat the main communist overlord "sniper" who threatens america as we know it. The single player aspect of this game is probably the best experience you'll have in this game as the online is currently dead, the developers stopped updating this game after league of legends was confirmed to be more balanced and a hell of a lot better. They did however unlock a new game mode called "Compendium" in which you simulate reading a book and collect trading cards. I'll give this game 3 meepos out of 5, it's okay but the fact that you're required to be able to speak russian to get this game really lets it down.
game-hours: 2073.8
review: You just get yelled at by Peruvians and Russians all day. Why is this game so popular again? EDIT: Worst community I've seen in a game. Seriously. Don't play this game.
game-hours: 3108.5
review: 2ez... finnished it in under 30mins
game-hours: 2906.0
review: DOTA 2, THE SEQUEL TO THE AWARD WINNING DOTA STARRING: Sven Staffani Riki Martin 2 Puck Stevie Nyx Jackie Chen Hrithik Roshan Slark Walberg Joaquin Phoenix Justin Timbersaw Justin Weaver Clinkz Eastwood John Lina Jim Carry Tom Tanks Natalie Supportman Sarah Jessica Ganker Alch Pacino Matt Dagon Christian Bane Ellen Pudge Ed Harrass Eddie Morphling Morgan Fiendman Snoop Lion Bruce Lich Ben Sladar Robert De Ny-ro Leonardo DisRuptio Russel Drowe Dazzle Washington Mick Jaggernaut 50 Centaur Malcolm Axe Orlando Doom Mirana Kerr Zeus Willis DIRECTED BY: M. Night Stalker Stanley Rubick COMING SOON TO A COMPUTER NEAR YOU
game-hours: 8.6
review: Russians.
game-hours: 2099.1
review: Hourly reminder to stay hydrated, bros
game-hours: 2362.4
review: First twenty hours playing this game, got called NOOB for so many times that i went down to my basement and cried daily Second twenty hours playing this game, joined others and called the new guy 'NOOB' to avoid being called 'NOOB' Third twenty hours playing this, I finally got the courage to call others 'NOOB' all by myself Fourth twenty hours playing this game, I finally became mature enough to stop with all the NOOB bs and started to give advice to the other players from atop my mighty throne Overall, DOTA 2 is an addictive, competitive MMO whose community precedes its reputation, almost everyone is downright selfish, everyone only wants more kills to sate their hunger for commendations, which they even beg for. The trick to enjoying it though ? start playing with friends or people you know, make a plan, help your teammates, and CHOOSE A SUPPORT IF YOU SEE THERE ARE NONE ! and reach level 13 and you can play ranked matches, where the people are not much friendlier but will at least help you out. EDIT: oh and always remember to uncheck 'Russia' when selecting servers why ? no reason, just thought i should say that ^^ GODLIKE GAME ! someone kill it (you will get this reference after playing the game)
game-hours: 1419.7
review: Dota and I have this love/hate relationship.
game-hours: 473.4
review: I uninstall this game. got my life back.
game-hours: 1947.1
review: I played this game for a little. It was okay.
game-hours: 60.9
review: DOTA 2 is the best in the MOBA class. I've played LoL, DOTA and some lesser known MOBAs and DOTA 2 is by far the best. In addition, it is F2P which is amazing. Unlike LoL or HoN which require you to use a rotating hero list until you buy your own with real money or accumulate enough in-game currency to buy a single hero, DOTA 2 immediately gives you access to its entire library of heroes, for free. The only paid content are cosmetical items that do not change gameplay. Graphics are great. Gameplay is great. Crashes are very minimal. ITS FREE.
game-hours: 2399.5
review: Hats. Russians. Peruvians. Racism. Screaming. Teamwork. Friends. Lost friends. Strategy. F2P. Contests. Victory. Loss. Addictive. Yeah, I think I'll reccomend this game. 12/10
game-hours: 2724.9
review: NEVER TRY THIS GAME. IT WILL RUIN YOUR WHOLE LIFE. R.I.P. ME
game-hours: 2133.7
review: Will make you hate everyone who doesn't speak english. 5/5
game-hours: 791.3
review: Dota 2: where Russians live every-f*cking-where and cursing & reporting is key... 10/10.
game-hours: 677.1
review: The day I became a man was the day I started playing Dota.
game-hours: 1619.5
review: Dota 2 is the semi-sequel/remake/re-release/evolution of the long-running WarCraft 3 mod Defense of the Ancients, which in itself was based on a custom map for StarCraft called Aeons of Strife. After the release of the original Dota map in 2003, the WarCraft 3 community began producing a long line of Dota spin-offs, sequels and mods (just as Eul, Dota's creator, had used AoS as inspiration for Dota itself), which culminated in the release of DotA: Allstars by Steve "Guinsoo" Feak. Allstars would become the most dominant and consistently updated version of all the Dota maps and mods. In 2005, Guinsoo passed the torch to the enigmatic IceFrog, who has been supporting, updating, and shaping Dota ever since. His changes have been the most significant, the most popular (the mod grew more during his time than ever before), and arguably have benefited and enriched Dota as a whole. By 2010, DotA: Allstars became simply DotA, and IceFrog was showing no signs of stopping. Later that year, Dota 2 was formally announced (with its development spear-headed by both IceFrog and Eul, both of its most important "authors"; its past and present, alike), entered a semi-closed beta in late 2011, and was finally officially released in mid-2013... and the rest is history. History lessons aside, Dota 2 is a game of uncompromising depth and complexity. Though its gameplay intricacies can appear opaque, arbitrary and incomprehensible at first sight, the way these expansive game mechanics interact with one another when exposed to the element of player imperfection is truly remarkable: over a hundred heroes, each with at least four spell-based abilities and all capable of using up to six magical items, from a massive arsenal of over a hundred. Games can last anywhere from 25 to 55 minutes, and possibly far more! Dota's metagame is constantly shifting, and as of writing the game and mod are at total parity through version 6.80, released earlier this year. On top of that, it is completely free to play, with no features locked out to any players whatsoever. Not even cosmetic items, which form the backbone of the game's vast micro-transaction-based economy: these items are freely distributed by Valve to all players through level-based gift drops and random-chance item drops. Free game updates alter the game balance significantly, while introducing new seasonal game modes, and far more. And that's not even scratching the surface of the game's competitive scene, with its many tournaments, its constantly evolving teams and its own storylines, all leading up to the annual Valve-organized grand championship: The International. It may be incredibly difficult and frustrating at first, but given time, patience, simple memory and a keen mind, anyone can ultimately come to see Dota as perhaps the most enjoyable, enthralling and captivating game experience ever conceived. Oh, and it's
game-hours: 1208.6
review: Ingredients Original recipe makes 1 8x8-inch panChange Servings For the shortbread crust: 1 cup all-purpose flour 1/2 cup unsalted butter at room temperature 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract 1/4 teaspoon salt For the lemon layer: 2 large eggs 1 large egg yolk 1 cup white sugar 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 1 tablespoon freshly grated lemon zest 1 teaspoon confectioners' sugar, or to taste Directions 1. Place an oven rack into middle position in oven and preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly oil an 8x8-inch baking dish. 2. Place 1 cup flour and butter in a mixing bowl and mash with the back of a spatula or wooden spoon until thoroughly combined. Mix in 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar, vanilla extract, and salt; mash mixture together until mixture looks like a slightly crumbly cookie dough. 3. Moisten your fingers with a little water and press dough into bottom of prepared baking dish. Use a fork to prick holes all over the crust. 4. Bake crust on center rack in the preheated oven until crust edges are barely golden brown, 22 minutes. 5. Beat eggs and egg yolks together in a bowl; whisk in white sugar and 2 tablespoons flour until smooth. Add lemon juice and lemon zest; whisk for 2 minutes. Pour lemon custard over crust. 6. Bake on center rack until custard is set and top has a thin white sugary crust, 25 minutes. Let cool completely before cutting into bars. Dip knife into very hot water, run around the edge, and cut into 16 squares. Dust cookies with 1 teaspoon confectioners' sugar. Russian edit*
game-hours: 162.0
review: Switched to Dota 2 after 3 years of League of Legends. Best decision in my life. P.S.: Riki is a .
game-hours: 876.0
review: Learn Russian for free. 10/10. Better than Rosetta Stone.
game-hours: 3172.6
review: GG WP FF PLZ TEAM NOOB NO SS NO GANK 5 CARRY 0 SUPPORT DROW WITH DAGGON.
game-hours: 3562.3
review: this game is awful i have no idea why i play it
game-hours: 754.9
review: the game itself is good, had a lot of fun. But the problem with this game is that u are too much dependable on the people u get with you in matchmaking. Apparantly you have too much people who want to play carry, and then fail at it, what results in a waste of time. It usually starts already a hero selection. People don't communicate, only play what they want to play and usually lacks of teamplay when the game is busy. Too bad, because the game itself is good, the community is for 80% flamers, egotrippers, wannabe carry players, very rude
game-hours: 740.8
review: Russian learning simulator 2014
game-hours: 2101.5
review: Valve is afraid some fat kid might commit suicide for being called a noob. And with this horribly broken matchmaking I see no sane reason to play this game anytime soon. And because Icefrog and the his devs ignorance about the EU servers turning to s'hit because of russians, who select english on purpose because their own servers on East is unbrearable with the horrible people who mostly feed and rage in their games, talking smack all the time. Now don't misunderstand, this is a great game with huge potential. But the truth of it is it's rotten from the bad matchmaking and somewhat horrid and lack of brain community. Main reasons not to play this game goes undisputed as follows: 1# Russians ruining games, talking russian when they clearly selected english as the preferred language. In case anyone hasn't noticed dota is a team game. 2# Solo queue has been removed(this means that you can be matched against an enemy 5 stack when you are playing alone) 3# No real community Q&A support from developers, and complete ignorance on the game dev forum, mods deleting posts that's not deemed "worthy" even though there is issues surrounding the topics. 4# Ranked is viritually a joke in comparison to normal MM, the only difference is a number for self gratification purposes, It viritually means nothing when most MMR's you are still playing with complete '. 5# Broken Solo-Queue. At times, matches you whether you are alone or 2 players playing together, you will often or not(depending on your luck) you will be matched with an enemy full 5 man team communicating in game, while your team is just 2+2+1 or just all solo players. This creates a huge disadvantage at the start of the match. Now Valve, has it ever occured to you in the small strains left of what corporate moral fiber you have that you should fix Dota 2's blatant community issues? Is this really how you get out of your responsibilities by ignoring and deleting users expressing concern in a non-inflammatory way? It's shameful considering how much of a profit you're making on it. At least you'd have the dignity to give us something back no? I've personally almost quit this game two times because I can't handle the community and players I am matched with constantly, they don't speak my language, share my mindset or my skill level the least, except an actual good match on some occations. Which leaves me with a horrible experience most of the time.
game-hours: 863.3
review: I hope the russians get nuked and never play dota again
game-hours: 1821.7
review: I could've become fluent in another language.
game-hours: 1564.0
review: Dota II is a fun free to play game, I have been playing its precursor since it was released as a mod for warcraft III years ago. I have sunk more than a 1000 hours as it never gets boring. It's a incredibly deep game which intergrates complex gameplay and mechanics, its a very popular game when you notice the international competitive scene. however be warned that this game has a steep learning curve and I still consider myself a casual gamer type for this game and as most multiplayer game, you will encounter abrasive players in the community which could ruin the experience, though that can bes fixed by muting or reporting the player(s).
game-hours: 1257.7
review: I hate this game so much. It hurts so much. I cry every time I see a . I am pretty sure after almost 800 hours of Dota 2 I have developed a deep understanding of the Russian language. I even grew wings and taped almost 300 popsicle sticks together and super-glued a flashlight to the end of it and starting yelling gibberish with a thick accent.
game-hours: 2177.7
review: I think many good game. My favorite is d2tidehunter, he is p cool. He can spit water and summon tentacle army. And enemy so afraid they jump into the air while you kill them all. But teammatees always steal kills and do nothing. Never give donkey wings or buy vision sticks. And Joffy always scream I noob, but otherwise p nice game of nice. 4/5 meatballs.
game-hours: 2208.9
review: Dota 2 is one of if not the most frustrating and aggravating game ever created. Your teammates will cater the enemy team, not back you up, and refuse to call missings or place wards. The enemy team will always pick combos or  heroes that will make you want to immediately leave the game while your teammates pick 4 carrys after you randomed Phantom Assassin and tell you to buy the wards. Every other game you will get a Russian Pudge picker that feeds 3 kills mid in 5 minutes and immediately ruins all the work you've done last hitting every creep and harassing the enemy out of lane. You'll rage and call "GG" early and trash talk your teammates but you'll still keep playing in hope that the game will turn around. As things start to finally look good, you get bashed 5 times in a row by a faceless void or the Ogre Magi will get a 4x multi-cast on you 2 times in a row while the Nature's prophet is pushing your top barracks. But after all the rage inducing pain, you keep playing. You suffer through it for the chance of that amazing, satisfying comeback even though you're 20,000 gold behind the enemy team. Only to have your dreams crushed when the enemy team finally kills your ancient. But you still keep playing due to the feeling you get when you get that rampage that allows you to push to victory. Even so, after the game you'll still rage because of the common chest you get as a reward for your 60 minutes of pain and suffering. When you finally get that mythical you've always wanted, valve will come out with an event that lowers the price and makes it almost worthless. It's a drug that once hooked to, is almost impossible to break. You almost don't even realize you're raging and forget that you're telling your best friend how much of a feeding  he is and how this lost game is because of him when you're the one who has 1 kill and 13 deaths. You keep playing in hope that you'll get good enough where you'll be able to play with Dendi or the other pros and you know that'll most likely never happen but you keep playing in hope of it happening one day. I would not wish this addiction on my worst enemy. But I can't stop you, nor can I stop playing myself.
game-hours: 801.7
review: this game is made for children
game-hours: 687.4
review: League of Lesbians ain't got nothin on this
game-hours: 88.6
review: They took my favorite game and gave it hats. 10/10
game-hours: 2810.5
review: I have been a gamer for my whole life, but I never really put a ton of time into any one game. In the early 2000s, when I had a lot of free time, Quake 3, Elite Force, Jedi Knight 2, et cetra all took up a ton of my time; but as my age progressed, I had less time to dedicate to gaming. Mass Effect 1 and 2 both took about 100 hours away from me; but that was probably the most I'd invested in many years. I currently have around 500 hours of Dota 2, and don't plan on stopping anytime soon. The gameplay is spectacular, the community is great (I have made more Steam friends on this game than any other), the meta is interesting, the professional scene is a blast to watch, and the game is extremely well supported - especially with the recent Wraith Night/Legion Commander content update. The thing is that I'm not great at Dota 2. I've put almost 500 hours in, and there's still more for me to learn - there are still some heroes I have yet to play! It is a lot of investment, but once you 'get' it, you will have an absolute blast. EDIT: Just updating this now that I've put around 1600 hours in. I still completely stand by everything that I said previously. The game is super fun, and I'm really enjoying playing with all of the friends I've made in it. I've also experienced some of the negative parts of the community, and they're unfortunate; but I must say that they are far and few between. The community is largely welcoming, and I've made some fantastic friends through it - ones I hang out with in real life now. Definitely play the game, the learning curve is steep but entirely worth it.
game-hours: 702.8
review: I was a Jamaican guy and when I healed people I swear he used a lil bit of ganja! Great!
game-hours: 15.4
review: The game itself isn't bad. Nice depth, decent character selections. The community is garbage. Pure filth, the likes of which you won't find anywhere else that is not a MOBA(you'll find it in other MOBA's, apparently the hellbound enjoy this type of product). The game keeps wanting me to try it. The playerbase keeps wanting me to abandon all hope in humanity. So.......If you REALLY don't care about other people, this may be for you. If other players can ruin team based experiences for you, keep looking.
game-hours: 1284.4
review: Imagine you're playing a game with a few friends and you're having fun. You exchange jokes and high fives all around after every epic moment. Your bro turns to you and says, "I love this game, and I definitely do not want to kill myself!" You all laugh. You are having a good time. You are not playing Dota 2.
game-hours: 252.5
review: Better than League of Legends! XD
game-hours: 3020.5
review: it ok
game-hours: 318.4
review: Never before has being maced across the cranium by a greasy, oiled up purple powerlifter with no visible face while being a golden tooth gerbil with a magic shovel who can mass-replicate whilst inside a large, purple time-stopping bubble looked so good. >We Need Wards
game-hours: 245.0
review: Dota 2 is the most enjoyable MOBA i ever played. The Updates getting good every day, tournaments and other shows are worth to watch. It's good only if you know how to use character you playing with. + Graphics + Many Tactics and strategies (Only for smart peoples. :P ) + Detailed Heroes + Great Community. + Fun to play with Party of friends + Very good hero balance (you will know if you play) + Diverse hero sounds + Easy to learn, Difficult to master. + Increase in servers letting you play in good ping. - Very hard for beginners - You will face opponents who have played game over 1k Hours. - Takes time to learn each hero and ability and find your preferred hero among them. still cant figure out how to jump. :P
game-hours: 102.1
review: Best MOBA game (.) PERIOD Lol better than lol ... lol. 10/10 Still can't find my friends...
game-hours: 1808.5
review: Dota, A game where every character is op in their own unique way, fun to play with friends, requires team work, and communication. game is lots of fun. 10/10 recommend, GG commend me, report team. And remember to get up and stretch after everygame, or even go outside and take a walk.
game-hours: 1404.1
review: After playing 1.500 hours (like there is 200 on the 2nd one) I have finally quit this game. Here is the reasons. 1)Broken stupid  meta , icefrog's nerfs and buffs. First of all the guy who makes all the balancing things doesn't even play the game itself. IF a hero gets picked too much in the pro scene , icefrog will nerf the  out of that hero and make it unplayable (Exp:Ember Spirit). Or he just buffs a hero like Riki since the day he came in Dota 2 (Riki is generally easy to counter in high skill pubs but he wrecks the  out of new players) and nerf a hero like Crystal Maiden both nerfing her damage movespeed etc. 2)THE ING COMMUNITY+MATCHMAKING (+Russians on English Lang.) AND RANKED Aaand here we are at the best part of Dota , the community... It is filled with immature kids who will rage at you and say stupid  like ''omfg u so noob'' ''learn2play feggit'' ''y u use midas on big creep'' , it's literally cancer for someone sensitive aganist stupidity . Believe me after spending hours and hours inside those people you will slowly become one of them or atleast it will cause depression + anger issues. Ranked system of Dota is just simply broken. There is no difference between a 3.5k player and a 1k player , it is all the same. The points are just there so some  can brag about his non existent 6k mmr lie.(Hell i typed a comment under a vid related to Dota some guy just came in and said he had 6k and you are a ing noob you should kill myself omfg) And the public matchmaking, slightly better than ranked a little bit because 1 out of a KAJILLION BILLION CHANCE you can actually meet with people who are funny and nice to play with (i made a lot of friends like this) but believe me most of the time you pick EU server with ENG language you will get Russians who farm Dagon on CM in hardlane and never communicate with you. You will slightly learn Russian because these guys never speak English even if they know it and since they love to scream in mic (like idi nahuy pidor  blyat padaroshnik pizdec bla bla bla...) you will instantly learn MOTTHEEERR RRRRUSSIA ACCENT.+Either you will get (Not being racist here , but Dota really does make you racist) Esta muerto mexican fellas , Spanish people on American server (or Russians with 9000 ping). Btw don't ever write guides like I did. I innocently wanted to help the other new players with a few guides about the heroes I know really well. Some Armenian kid called me a  with his poor English. (For telling people to use Midas on the big creep in jungle camps to get a level advantage) 3)Lastly (Because i dont need to say anything more why this game is so piece of ) the ing effects on you... Why do you even want to play this game , it is like eating an apple with 4000 worms inside. Anyways arguing with a Dota player made me realise that this game completely destroys your social life and your ability to think, go try it yourself try to say something opposite to these s... (There is a big ''real life'' world for you to discover out here. Get a hobby instead of playing this.) So im done please never ever ever start playing this game.
game-hours: 892.9
review: This game isn't like Call of Duty at ALL. 0/5 stars, not worth the money.
game-hours: 1097.8
review: Called me , reported. Quit the game, reported. Asked to be commended, reported. Told me to stop pinging, reported. Prevented me from killstealing, reported. Played as a hero I think is OP, reported. Stole my last hit on a creep, reported. You will not be allowed to use the courier if I have items in stash. You will not be allowed to call me a noob when I get 10 deaths and 0 kills. You will not be allowed to pick MY hero unless I say so. I will ping you to death the moment I have a reason to. I will play IO as a hard carry. I will take the invis rune as riki. Good Luck and Have Fun
game-hours: 8.7
review: I think this game gave me cancer from all the russian s who scream 10/10
game-hours: 19.0
review: Totally unfriendly game for a new players plus extremely toxic community
game-hours: 1138.9
review: It's bassicly meth, ruined my life, lost all my friends, gpa took a nose dive, parents have no more faith in me, no longer have hopes and dreams, and its the only thing left I know how to do. But the high I get while playing has yet to be matched. 10 out of 10 would recommend to anyone.
game-hours: 1863.6
review: Do you like to be insulted about your mothers sexuality? Like to have your intelligence questioned ? Like the sound of pinging ? Do you like to wait ?!? Then maybe Dota 2 is the game for you ! Enjoy all this and so much more ! 10/10 would be a feeding noob again
game-hours: 1930.7
review: An accurate representation of pubbing in this game would be to imagine yourself trapped in a sewer swimming around eating nothing but turds your entire life, each turd represents an average public game. Now imagine after all of those turds you go to eat the another one and to your surpise it is a chocolate bar, it is the best feeling in the world. That chocolate bar represents those occasional games where everyone is evenly skilled and tastes so good that you continue eating turds just hoping for that next chocolate bar.
game-hours: 1297.4
review: someday, i'll stop playing dota and get a life !!
game-hours: 26.6
review: 10/10 Best Point and click adventure I've played in a while unfortuanly there is only one level.
game-hours: 2920.0
review: Best rts original DotA strategy game ever
game-hours: 1196.8
review: I really can't say anything other then this game is ing amazing. Look at all the hours I've spent in the game. You all are probably like "well, there are these people who have spent thousands of hours in the game, so that's not many." But do take into account that my total time owning this game hasn't even exceeded a year yet. There is not a day I remember since I got this game that I haven't at least opened DOTA 2. Usually to play a public game, sometimes to play a bot game, and sometimes to brush up on hero knowledge and look at guides. This game will ruin your life and obliterate all your free time. My only warning to new players is that the community it pretty toxic to new players, and not everyone speaks english. Just mute anyone calling you a noob, flaming you, etc. But never do so to the people that legitimately want to help you. Overall Rating: 11.6/10.
game-hours: 2766.0
review: HOLY  WHY DO I PLAY THIS I WISH I HAD MY LIFE BACK 12/5
game-hours: 563.6
review: The most comprehensive Russian language course currently available online.
game-hours: 2031.7
review: ing russians
game-hours: 2631.5
review: Playing about 2 years, learnt fluent russian, portuguese and several spanish dialects. Got A+'s in my exams.
game-hours: 1291.5
review: Step 1. Install Step 2. Search for match. Step 3. Go lion. Step 4. Tell your mother you fingered a dude. 10/10
game-hours: 831.5
review: Hello everybody. First I would like to introduce myself :) . OK my name is etro, who has a hobby of playing a lot of games like skyrim, minecraft,pokemon, and etc. OK here's the point when I played dota 1, the first try of the game was hard and I really can't understand it very much. The moment I played dota 2 , that's how I realize and understands the game so the thing that I'am saying dota2 or valve can explain better than dota 1 (no offense , ice frog) so I would gladly recommend playing dota2 than dota 1 for the first try of the game :). Others say that dota 2 is not a good game or a bad game (well we all have our opinions :) ). For me it's the best game of all the time :D. I respect the Lol (league of legends) players. Even though they are saying that dota 2 sucks. Here in my country (philippines) many Filipinos say that they like Lol better. But I really don't get their point I mean (no offense to the Lol makers and producers) but Lol kinda copied dota 1 ( I don't even know if Lol have their permissions or paid icefrog for copying the main idea of dota) but valve paid icefrog for dota 2 so it means valve have their license while Lol doesn't have. I don't really know guys if Lol really have their permissions or paid icefrog. But I think they didn't ask for permissions or paid ( if im mistaken please correct me or you can just tell me to remove this review. And im sorry if im mistaken that Lol really have their permissions or paid icefrog.but i really think they didnt. Well the real point in this paragraph is I will play or follow the one who have permmisions or paid and that is dota 2 or (valve). If your noob or getting annoyed it's OK cause we all started like noobs :) and just ignore the people who are saying that you're noob,stupid,idiot, they will just annoy you and they have no hearts (they are monsters). Anyway for them to easily ignored just press the heroes panel at the upper left of the screen. In there you can see a speaker's icon then press it and wahhla you muted the player you chossed. I hope this really helped you guys :) OK thank you guys for reading my review with this game. I hope you recommend this :) bye.
game-hours: 1468.7
review: Sugar cookies. Sugar is really cocaine. Cookie is also cocaine. I ing hate this game.
game-hours: 3042.9
review: Made me lose my friends, lose my social life and lose my mind 10/10
game-hours: 1820.6
review: Everybody loves hats
game-hours: 2788.3
review: ValveTahnk U
game-hours: 1964.7
review: Have played game for 1800 hours and still have not found a single way to reach the ending. 8/10 for gameplay. 4/10 for direction.
game-hours: 2916.5
review: fun gem if u liek russians pley dis gem
game-hours: 972.0
review: 10/10 would rage again
game-hours: 2603.7
review: I'll never truly forget the pain.
game-hours: 268.1
review: Some guys was talking russian I wrote  They started laughing 10/10
game-hours: 4.7
review: 10/10 Got swore at in Russian and Portugese within the first 5 minutes, then decided this game was too hardcore for me. I would easily recommend this game to anybody that wants to feel like a worthless, bad video game player in 6 languages from Sunday!
game-hours: 1908.5
review: !
game-hours: 2069.7
review: 0/10 Did not catch 'em all
game-hours: 15.2
review: I am quite sure that sums up everything.
game-hours: 2817.3
review: DOTA 2 is a Multiplayer Online Battle Arena, that adopted most of its mechanics from the original DOTA Mod of Warcraft 3. Now, let's come to some of its features: - --> Once you understand the basics, and become good at the game (oh wait, everyone of us is a noob) , you will soon have a huge backlog of other games. :P --> Basically hat simulator. --> Can cause rage, anxiety and affect your mental state. (too many , griefers) --> You make 1000 good moves in a game, and you won't be recognized. Go feed once and get reported. --> You will start putting aside other priorities. Ty Dota2. --> To sum it up, it has a  community like most other MOBAs, unless you are insanely good at the game. 10/10 Recommended! Best game ever played!
game-hours: 1385.1
review: Best URSS simulator,when you play this game you feel you are a proletarian worker in the early XX century who has to insult his comrades to get to Berlin to burn some nazis. 11/10
game-hours: 544.9
review: I have an good laf with my fave buds wen playin dots 2. we do well we kill the rosan. gg. wr.
game-hours: 325.1
review: Having a wonderful time, browsing for games? Well then, look no further and behold! The most russian-infested game you will ever find! For my first, what? 40 Games maybe? I never once found an english person, even when I put the language and location to ENGLISH SPEAKING COUNTRIES. If you think you are pure of heart, try Dota 2! It will turn you extremely racist and ruin your friendships! Got a black friend? Gone. Got a white friend? Gone. Got an asian friend? Gone. Any other sort of friend? Gone. ? Oh yes please!
game-hours: 2514.8
review: Report Player Simulator -2014 10/10
game-hours: 2019.1
review: Great Game for whos wanna to play Multi-player game but have some big problems first : You cant leave this game forever. second : most of people trade like a robber. third : some people only come in game for F**king your game and not more. Fourth : most people come in game only for curse to you and your family and not more. Sixth : all people ever fight with russian , some of russian really good play and some of them really bad play but this right to whole of people not only russian. and finally : if i tell you dont play you motivated to play, then when you start to playing dota : after 3 month play you only play for having more rank and not fun after 5 month you only play for trade not game after 6 month you come as a pro robber in trade and curse to russian for no reasons and only play to tell other people your so pro players. :) really if you want to play , play this game as a game not more 3 hrs in week so enough. Dont west your time on internet gaming, pay your times on your job :) and for understanding who you are. Good Luck in Your Real life, sorry because my bad en language.
game-hours: 1278.6
review: Its a really fun game. It can be hard at the beginning but is super fun!!!!
game-hours: 666.2
review: Made me lose my gf for a hyperstone. 11/10
game-hours: 177.6
review: Although I'm not a MOBA type of guy I can easily say that the only thing LoL does better than Dota is it's rule 34.
game-hours: 385.9
review: This Game taught me so much. How to Curse in Russian. How to Curse in Spanish. How to  in Russian. How to Curse in French. How to Curse in Dutch.   in Russian How to Curse in Chinese. How to Curse in Portuguese.     . This game has truly enlightened me.
game-hours: 4376.8
review: Don't get me wrong i've always wanted to learn a new language and thx to dota now i speak fluent  bliyat 10/10
game-hours: 316.5
review: Dota or Defense of the Ancients, was the first of its kind, and originally started off as a Warcraft 3 custom map but it quickly grew to become one of the most popular games in the world as well as spawning a whole new genre which we know today as MOBAs. The game is simple, 5v5, 3 lanes and both teams' objective is to destroy the other teams' Ancient. There are over 100 heroes in the game each with their own unique skills and attributes and forming a well rounded team with synergy is key to victory. Closing notes - The community can be awful. You will get yelled at, flamed and even reported for making mistakes. If you can overcome this, the game is amazing.
game-hours: 380.5
review: + Free-to-play, and not Pay-to-win! + Great Graphics + Addictive Gameplay + Has 100+ heroes that can be played + Supported & Featured by eSports + Can actually grant you big money if played Competitively - The community sucks real bad - Hard to learn, Hard to master (At least for me anyways)
game-hours: 1635.5
review: The most fun and rewarding game i have ever played while there are many gripes i still have about the game its mostly about the community.
game-hours: 1021.3
review: Love it! So entertaining, one of those easy to learn, hard to master games that I think is perfect!
game-hours: 456.9
review: This game is great! - It ruined my social life. - I now abuse Russians I've known for years IRL. - Anybody who's better than you is a basement dweller. - Anybody worse than you is from South America. - Possibly the worst community in gaming after LoL. - Bad graphics and controls, 10/10 - IGN I have spent too long on this game, and I'm by no means the worst offender. I wish I could get those hours and money back. Overall, this game is the cancer of Steam. 10/10.
game-hours: 785.4
review: Cyk@ and axaxaxaxa are the only phrases you'll only ever have to use to communicate.  Don't be decieved by the server names, as every server is a Russian server.  I'd recommend never to play this game with friends, as your friendship will be destroyed into tiny pieces.  Phantom Assassin is the source of all depression.  Going into the depths of low priority is like taking a trip to hell with no way back.  You better be lucky if you random otherwise you'll probably get Earth Spirit.  If you're afraid of rats don't play this game as there's a gigantic one named Nature's Prophet.  Pray to the Lord that you'll never be against Spirit Breaker because his name doesn't lie. But somehow I keep coming back to the game. gg wp Valve 10/10
game-hours: 711.4
review: Wanna learn the beautiful language that Russian is? Wanna brag to your friends how you've been picked up as the next BF/CoD villain voice actor? Wanna talk back to that part of the community we're ashamed of? Free russian lessons! Learn fast in only 100 matches! xaxaxaxa rr  blyat medved repawt sniperrrh! Your teammates and opponents are willing to teach you, you'll recognize them: Riki, Drow, Sniper, Viper, Weaver, Techies and Pudge... i mean TET CHEESE and POODJE
game-hours: 100.7
review: I don't usually write reviews, but I have to for this one. Extremely toxic (horrible) "community", the worst I've seen in any game, ever! Yes, worse than the old, pre 2005, US servers, World of Warcraft, Barrens chat! I've seen more team work in Team Fortress 2 than in this game. I've now played more than 72 matches total & also completed every single training mission and I've witnessed not just the other team but even teammates attacking eachother & myself verbally before the hero selection even starts multiple times. I don't mind if the other team trash talks sometimes, but in a game where teamwork and communication is a key to winning it's detrimental for people on the same team who don't even know eachother to abuse eachother for no reason. I don't even have enough "reports" left for this week, yes, they allot you a small number of times you can report people per week for being abusive or detrimental to your team, when in fact you need many more to report all the terrible people playing this game. GOOD LUCK if you want good communication and teammork, the majority of the time you will be matched with people who won't communicate properly in chat or won't work as a team, you'll have to end up soloing every match since your teammates will be "feeding" enemy heroes or off doing who knows what unless you have your own party of friends with you. If you don't have any friends queing for matches with you I suggest never picking a support since you'll need to be soloing 1 vs 5, which is unfair as it is. But the problems don't end there, since you are doing all the work your "teammates" will EXPECT you to win the game for them, and if you die they will verbally abuse you & report you or in fact they might do it anyway just for fun at your expense! If you only choose in the options to play with English speaking players, don't be surprised if noone on your randomly selected team but you speaks English!, instead it will be Spanish, Turkish, Chinese, Russian & more! They may even know English but just choose not to speak it, all the while trash talking you in their own native language. Many times if you tell your teammates which lane you are taking before the match starts and select it on the map someone will insist minutes after the match has started that instead you do what THEY want, for example, they want you to put a low on mana support hero by themself in the middle lane. If you ever notice your teammates ignoring the chat not telling you what they are doing or doing things together that may or may not be detrimental to winning the match it's because the majority of the time you will be matched with people who know eachother in real life and will only communicate with eachother outside of the game; whether by in person, or voice communication software, instead of communicating with you as well inside the game, so you will have NO IDEA what they are planning. Also, for the new players reading this review, do not expect ANY help for anything, like asking for advice or how to do something from the people you are playing with, as you WILL be verbally abused & reported (which is something that seems to happen often in this game whether you are new or not) instead just for being a new player or any other stupid reason, so I suggest doing all the training missions before you do any real random matchmaking. NOTICE: This review mainly applies to US servers, other server experiences may (and probably do) vary. UPDATE: So far, European servers are a MUCH better & different experience! All that being said I do recommend (not highly) this game after all if you are playing it with a team of friends & you love a highly competitive Multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) aka real-time strategy (ARTS) game or you simply want to use its steam market.
game-hours: 285.0
review: I once played with a german kid. He played as a warlock, got fb and then proceeded to make an art installation with wards on our base.Was a sight to behold
game-hours: 1379.6
review: Better than league of legends and HON and smite because all those games has coppied dota then copied the sequel dota 2. DOTA 2 takes more skill then league of legends and dota 2 is much more complex and has many mechanics. no hero is op there is a counter to everything. 11/10 Ruined my life 11/10 would ruin again 11/10 Would review this again to say its better than league of legends anyday
game-hours: 1687.0
review: Anything great this game could provide you gets completely driven off by the so real RRP (Russian Retardation Phenomena) which will put and keep you off from any sort of enjoyment you could ever witness playing it. If you happen to be an easily losing temper person or you just cannot bear dealing with down syndromed people most of the most of the time, do NOT play this game.
game-hours: 14.4
review: One of my favorite games in my library. My play time reflects how much time I have spent appreciating the team work and competitive spirit of the game. Supports who actually support the team, carries who can carry the team to victory, and players who can execute a base push as timely as the New York Sunway. By the way, I love subway sandwiches. I eat a BLT without the T almost every week. Bacon is the most delicious meat. Lettuce is like the cup to the tea party. You can't have tea without water, and you can't hold water without cups. Unless of course you use your hands. Or your mouth. But lettuce cups are pretty delicious. So imagine the bacon and the lettuce together but without the disgusting creatures known as tomatoes. Which while they rhyme with potato, don't taste anything similar. If potatoes tasted like french fries, tomatoes would taste like awful fried wet vegetables. Speaking of wet tables, If you put water on tables, it gets wet. Not stuff like multiplication tables that are way too complicated. What is 6X6? Its like 64 or something. Which is like 10 if you add them all together. What does that mean? I am not sure. Math is hard. Unlike DOTA2. Which is a great game. Especially as a carry. Actually I never played carry before. It seems like a pretty easy job though.Just kill things until you win the game. That is a pretty simple job description. Unlike support or mid or offlane or jungle. I mean jungle is a location, how is it a job? It is more like a forest than a jungle. I mean jungles have lions and stuff right? Forests have angry bears. I am not sure where man-birds and horse-men are from though. Horses aren't jungle creatures I think. They sound more like mountain creatures to be honest. I haven't seen a troll before or a gnoll, but I bet they are forest creatures as well too. So jungle should really be called forest. Mid is a pretty self explanatory position. Its the middle of the map lane. Like if you had 3 lanes, he would take the second one. Or she. There are female heroes as well. Are they called heroines? Well I wouldn't want to call anyone a dangerously addicting drug. That would be sexist. I mean playing Lina is pretty addicting though. Fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire . Its like if you had a charmander and combined it with a jynx. Thats what lina is. Which reminds me that pokemon recently came out. X and Y are pretty popular with my friends, so I wamt a 3DS. Those things cost money though, but I head I can trade my items for cash. That sounds pretty amazing. Earning money while palying games, its like the American dream for people who don't want actual jobs. Not that I have a job yet. All I do is stay home and read manga. Which is pronounced mane gah, Like mango but with an a. I sometimes forget myself and add a false accent though and pronounce it mahn gaaaa. So offlane is the lane opposite of the safe lane. So the dangerous lane as they would call it. It isn't very safe cause you cross the mystical safety river to fight bad guys. Its like chinese vampires and running water. I don't think they can cross running water. Many they would have a hard time with modern day plumbing. One flush of the toilet and the go poof. Or do they? I actually know nothing about chinese vampires. I only know vampires from the books my friends lent me. It was the Twilight saga. I really preferred the Jacob to the other guy though. I was pretty upset when Bella made the wrong choice. I mean who wouldnt want a guy you could play fetch whenever you wanted. Plus the other guy was like 439434 years old. Yuck! So Support is the last job you can play. Not only do you provide moral support because most teams don't ever have asupport, but you also help buy buying items no one else in their right minds would buy. Like a slave donkey to carry your items for you. He can even be given magical wings for more than his actual buying price. Why wouldn't I want another donkey instead of one flying one? I am pretty sure two donkeys are cooler than one flying one. I mean how would you even catch a flying donkey? It could poop from like 60 feet and it would be awful. Like a divebombing terrible smelling equine terror. But donkeys are pretty cute. So keep them on the ground. If donkeys were meant to fly, god would have evolved them wings instead of using magic. So that is Dota. Its a pretty good game. But it has some problems too. After all, even BLT's have T's. Here are the digusting parts of the BLT. Games take a while to finish. So if you tend to have sudden gas attacks like me, you might have an accident while you are playing a particular game. A game of Dota can last from as long as 30 seconds to 50 hours. Like I am not even joking how troublesome it is to stay on the toiler for over an house to finish my game of Dota. I mean look at my avatar. That is my face for like the first 5 minutes of Dota before my legs fall asleep and I start getting cramps. It also has too many different heroes. I think the game could cut its hero count down to about 7. It would also encourage faster hero picking if the last 3 players couldn't choose any hero. It is a definitely annoying to choose the tree hero and the enemy hero picks an all fire team and the lumberjack hero. You are literally counterpicked because you chose too early. It would be better to give some kind of gold option or a repick option. Some game modes take forever. Like captains draft can be much shorter if they removed all the bans. Sometimes I want to make team electric, but then a ban comes up and I accidentally ban Mr. Thunder or the masked electric emo. Then Team thunder is ruined. I can understand why bans could be good though. Cause everyone chooses fat butcher guy. He uses his hook to hug you then you smell him to death. Sometimes he tickles you for extra damage. What is worse is that he eats you, he gets fatter and stronger. The biggest tomato of the problem is the fact that the game has too much action, but not enough story. Its like worse than Dynasty Warriors when it comes to story. I could use a few cutscenes telling me why I am teaming up with a giant spider, a porcupine, a baby rock, and a angel man. At least there was a reason in Dynasty Warriors 7 about why I am fighting Guan Yu with my hated enemies the filthy Wu. Were those filthy Wu actually even men? The way they fought with their cowardly fire arrows and powerful navy instead of facing the numerically and superiorly led enemy army head on just screams uncultured barbarians. So I think I will give the game a 1/10/14. Its a pretty good game, but the lack of story gives it only a 1 in that category. I understand that every hero has its own lore, but the bigger connection is quite lost when I team up with my biggest rival against my best friend. A 10 grade for the excellent team spirit of the game. People play like men instead of filthy Wu women. But Ali, why the 14 and not a 17? Because the game has that huge tomato. And I hate Tomatoes. I love BLT's without the T. BL is the greatest invention of man, till someone introduced the uncessary T. I would have BL everyday if I could afford it, but I have no job and spend all my time reading manga.
game-hours: 2712.8
review: new language ,new way of speaking ,drop out of uni, lose all of your real friends, watch your loved ones fade away. GREAT game if you ask me
game-hours: 97.1
review: In this game, you will always get  of monkeys as your teammates so it doesnt matter if you play good or bad, you will always ing lose unless you play with your friends. In case you like a feeder yelling at you "why did you block me" " why did you steal my kill" "why arent you winning the game by yourself" go on and play it, otherwise dont even bother.
game-hours: 1056.9
review: So addictive, My life has been messed up because of this game. An absolute must play. It made me very racist and hate well Russians.. There is nothing left to say. 1 couple of games its like noob ish and you will get pissed on a lot, thats why there are bot matches.. take a risk in this game if its for your liking. Dont take to heart all of the rubbish people say. They can get quite intense when they rage. I mean, like really
game-hours: 0.5
review: My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through." I agreed. At 24, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me CANCER anyway.
game-hours: 3.0
review: best league of legends ever
game-hours: 1207.9
review: Game where everyone is a lobster
game-hours: 504.9
review: This game has caused me to have a legitimate hatred for anything South American.
game-hours: 2056.3
review: this game destroyed my life and i lost all of my friends and family by playing it 10/10 would reccomend
game-hours: 1267.8
review: This game sucks. If you want to remain a happy individual and keep your friends, heed this warning.
game-hours: 1834.7
review: Brain enhancing game but we all know it destroyed our lives.
game-hours: 3813.0
review: Dota 2 promises to take the unique blend of online RTS and RPG action that has made Dota popular with tens of millions of gamers and expand upon it in every way. This is a competitive MOBA game of action and strategy, played both professionally and casually by millions of passionate fans worldwide. Players pick from a pool of over a hundred heroes, forming two teams of five characters. Radiant heroes then battle their Dire counterparts to control a fantasy landscape, waging campaigns of cunning, stealth, and outright warfare. Release Date: July 9. 2013 Genre: RPG Publisher: Valve Developer: Valve
game-hours: 3827.8
review: Better than LoL Nuff said
game-hours: 718.8
review: imagine a 15 year old russian calling you a  er forever. that is dota.
game-hours: 5823.9
review: THIS GAME  PEOPLE FEEDING ALL OVER. RUINED MY ING LIFE NOW BECAUSE OF THIS  I DONT HAVE ABS
game-hours: 1288.7
review: Most ed up game ever, took me almost 1k hours to find out how ed up the community, matchmaking and everything around that game is. Sad, and I'm the only one to blame for flushing my time down the drain. On the contrary, PRO community is one of the best communities out there, always fun to watch and follow, from players to casters, everyone is cool. I just can't play this  anymore, it's a pain, mental and physical pain...
game-hours: 952.6
review: Dota 2 - it's a kind of game which can easily become a part of your life. Once you get really interested in it, you'll never be able to get it out of your head. I've never thought that I would be into a game like this. It's just amazing cuz of many different characters, team roles and skills - it gives you a freedom to choose between lots of strategies. This game can teach how to play in a team efficiently, how to help each other in order to win, how to organise your small group if there's nobody to lead it... It isn't always easy to manage with all this stuff, but it makes the process even more challenging, more catching, you know. Dota 2 is so popular and loved game cuz it makes ppl think, realize themselves as a part of a team, choose the best strategy to achieve their aim. + a lot of characters + oceans of items + various game modes + great events + lots of strategies + improvement of your reaction and co-operative skills + an ability to create your own team - random teammates can be absolutely dumb and wry-handed
game-hours: 774.3
review: If you can get past the initial learning curve and burden of knowledge the game puts on you, then DOTA2 can be extremely rewarding. As far as most MOBAs are concerned, this one has a good blend of strategy and relfexes that rewards those who can use both to their advantage. The gameplay is, as a result, solid, and every sessions provides new opportunities for fun and strategy. The UI is a little underpopulated, however, and doesn't explain much. learning how to do some of the functional things, like leaving a game that's safe to leave, or muting people, or reporting people, are not super intuitive: you have to dig. Furthermore, the options available, though very powerful and plentiful, are not explained super well. As a result, it's important to toy around with your settings a bit, which can be a hassle. As far as the F2P model goes, it's pretty fair: you can play the whole game without needing any of the micro transactions. The only thing they do is customize your aethetics, and happily not to an extreme extent. Because of this, the game has a really unified look despite all the different items your characters can wear. This might dissuade people from buying them, because some of the items are barely even visible. Overall, I would recommend this game to anyone with a hankering for a challenge. The game is NOT easy, but it is worthwhile and a lot of fun once you get a hang of things. Veterans of the genre will find a lot to like.
game-hours: 483.9
review: Dota 2. One of the best Moba's to date. I'm very fond of this team-building, strategy and interactive game. Dota is what started it all, League of Legends. Based off original Dota, this game is what started the Moba hype. Though the game does have it's faults, the tutorial is a little rocky. Not being anything like the actual game, and learning little to nothing through it. The game is a great F2P title, there are no microtransactions that will change the game, besides your character's appearance. Though the Dota servers are rough in some regions around the world, forcing players from those regions to play on other servers. Based for other regions, causing many problems. Such as language barriers, lag, and overall less team cooperation. If Valve improved some of the servers, instead of focusing mainly on N/A servers, this would most likely improve game quality for everyine around the world. Overall I would give a positive rating of: 8/10
game-hours: 297.0
review: Recommended, because this is THE game where you can eat trees.
game-hours: 822.7
review: This game turned me into a racist  10/10
game-hours: 3144.8
review: this is your purpose in life
game-hours: 555.9
review: this game is the straight up in for real you know what im sayin like holy  this game is like seriously in wit my mind like holy jesus thuggest game on the planet you know what im sayin should be rename to dotain coz of how in it is like holy  sctually jesus
game-hours: 996.7
review: what should I say? I'm addicted and love it!
game-hours: 7.9
review: This is obviously an exceptionally well made game, and it does make every effort to teach you and integrate you. But I can't recommend it unless you want to really learn how to play, which is a long and slow process. I didn't find it to be all that fun.
game-hours: 1616.5
review: I cant bealive that i reached 1000h in this game, OMGWTFBBQ. My first game on steam with 1k hours :( . Morbid mask has 15% lifesteal, but I feel that dota 2 has 80% lifesteal ! Never start to play it.
game-hours: 215.6
review: I thank this game for allowing me to learn fluent Russian in a matter of hours!
game-hours: 56.4
review: this game ing sucks
game-hours: 1045.6
review: Without a doubt the best language learning software out there. Learn to speak Spanish, Russian, Portugese and sometimes even English! And all for the low, low price of your self-esteem and faith in other human beings.
game-hours: 153.1
review: Dota 2 is a great game to play if you like other MOBAs. I have played a lot of League of Legends but after playing this game I can say I like the about the same. It's a free to play game so people should give this game a good try and see for yourself.
game-hours: 988.8
review: Best game ever. Never bores you out.
game-hours: 1041.2
review: Join the FREE classes for Russian, Turkish, Italian, Greek and Portuguese.
game-hours: 874.4
review: Do you like to not have fun with brazilians that feel the need to go on your server when they have their own? With them belittling you every waking moment as you're TRYING YOUR ING BEST AS SHADOWFIEND JESUS GOD. Solid 9.7/10 would Brazil again.
game-hours: 170.6
review: i played this game for a lil bit and suddenly i became communist putin/1945
game-hours: 1868.8
review: Great game! Tons of fun to burn time and fantastic at forging friendships. 12/10 would play
game-hours: 381.9
review: When I typed lol in LoL (League Of Legends) my character doesn't say anything, when i typed lol in DoTA 2, my character laughs :D
game-hours: 6538.5
review: The dawn of a new era
game-hours: 107.0
review: Deep original tasting apple
game-hours: 188.4
review: Great moba game. If your deciding to start on a Moba game your probably going to choose between League of Legends and Dota 2. Both are great games and I think Dota 2 is a better expireance in my opinion, here is why. Dota 2 all characters are free so you dont have to waste your time trying to unlock them, the game takes more skill (IMO), characters have a bigger learning curve, the community is not toxic, game allows you to use your mic (You can turn off mic volume in less than a minute), no micro transactions, you can trade item sets (A.K.A Skins), you can combine item sets, you can buy item sets on the Steam market, you can parts of item sets for money. This list can go on for another 2000 words. The game only has one map so the game probably sounds repititive but its not, there is many ways to play the game, such as carry, support, tank, jungler, etc. When you check out this game it probably is going to look boring but definitly check this game out, one of my most favorite games.
game-hours: 1034.6
review: this game is horrible, but at the same time good, it takes a tonne of time to get the hang of the game, and it's normally only fun when you win (differs from persons) i love it, but at the same time hate it, you really need a party of friends, or good players to win, in this game you loose if you have one bad player on you're team, and if you don't have the right balance of supports and carries/ semis then you loose :L some hero's are overpowered and yet some underpowered. and for some reason people in low priority are better than in a normal match one of the first mobas ever made, when it was made is was very popular on warcraft3 and of course its free, most rage enducing game since call of duty you need to play it to understand so enjoy!
game-hours: 801.7
review: Lifesteal simulator...
game-hours: 198.3
review: 8/10 If this game would be a coffee, it would be a decent coffee.
game-hours: 1638.4
review: If you ever wanted to learn russian, then this game is totally the best one to learn basic russian and insults at one place. Forget about school, get Dota and play with cold-blooded russians, which doesn't shrink back to insult you because you're not playing good with a hero, which is in their opinion, the easiest hero in the whole game. Well, the only thing is that you cannot understand them while they're talking ingame, because they're mainly talking russian. Get yourself a dictionary and start learning russian there! It's the best thing you can do. 10/10 would play it again.
game-hours: 1466.3
review: good god it's all i do anymore
game-hours: 3979.4
review: Dota 2 is a dead game, League of legends all the way.
game-hours: 54.0
review: If you like having people yell at you in different languages then this is the game for you
game-hours: 4294.0
review: Have you ever wondered what it feels like to play a game with a full team of strangers who don't speak english and insult you in spanish/brazlian portuguese? Well here's your chance now with South America Simulator 2014. It's easy, all you have to do is que in your North American region, and BAM your whole team will be foreigners speaking a completely different language and insulting you. But wait, there's more! I'll throw in some Eastern Europeans who will que in every region but their own. And for this limited time offer, we got you a tower defense like strategy game in the back ground. Pre order South America Simulator 2014: Because the third world, is just right around the corner. :)
game-hours: 1897.1
review: "If I got penny for everytime I heard the word sooka in game, I would have enough monies for 2 potato" - Lativian
game-hours: 862.5
review: Do you hate life? Existence? Everyone around you? Do you just want to make everyone else suffer just because you're in a rough spot that clearly isn't your own fault despite mistakes being made? Or are you just looking for a good language teaching program for Portuguese, Spanish and Russian? Then look no further, DOTA 2 has you covered.
game-hours: 1192.0
review: Can't move character with WASD what the hell is this?
game-hours: 443.7
review: Really, Truly an amazing game. After putting so much time in this game I have realised that I finally had lost faith in the human race and decided to rip my balls off. Its a great game to learn foreign languages and such but not much else. Unless you are a tryhard I would not suggest this game as the community is rude as hell. Its pretty addictive as any other MOBA but by far not the best ive played. Even if the community is less racist then HON and more mature then the community of LOL, its pretty bad. The only way i am ever playing this game is with a group of friends.
game-hours: 129.3
review: Just like its previous installment when it all started back in Warcraft 3 as a custom map, Dota 2 is pretty much the whole same thing with several new additions added to which couldn't happen before. As someone who's been playing Dota since its beginnings, the first thing you may recognize and notice is that many of the games features such as map layout, heroes, and gameplay is almost, exactly the same but with a better and more refined look with updated graphics, making the entire map feel more lively and a refresh of old. Of course, that's all good but at the heart of Dota as many may know is its gameplay and replayability. The amount of hours I've pumped back in the first Dota was unforgettable, clocking more than +2500 hours of time played. Just like Dota 1, Dota 2 shares the exact same formula, pick a hero, last hit creeps/farm up gold, and win team fights to gain victory. Simple and straight forward, right? Wrong. If you played back in Dota 1, you'd come to realize the more you played it, the game had a fairly, high skill requirement in order to do well, especially if you're pushing to be top in a region or tournament. The amount of time and practice makes perfect as you will want to eventually learn every hero, how they synergize and working together with your teammates. It gets rough but extremely fun and satisfying, especially if you're on high level play. Unfortunately though, most people tend to ignore these kinds of games since difficulty is fairly high or they just can't stand to put the effort to actually play the game well and properly, otherwise various issues can occur, such as getting hate from other players and getting reported for not being able to play well. It's an immediate turn off and can easily have people packing their bags and finding another game. Unfortunately, again, this is thanks to the toxic communities that have spawned across all MOBA genre games. You will always have to deal with these kinds of people who will give you  and you have to bare with it as those kinds of players won't be going away anytime soon. I strongly believe competitive games have the highest chance to have ragers compared to other types of games out there and it's tough to avoid the negativity that comes with it. Now with some additions, they've added a store where you can purchase from hero skins, UI skins, to different voices for the default announcer, different couriers and selling/buying through the steam market. The thing that seperates skins here compared to others is that skins come in seperate, armor pieces you can equip on a hero, meaning you can say, keep a helmet and sell the other parts, like gloves to someone else on the steam market. It goes to show how much control the players have and what they have in their hands. The best part of all this, is that all heroes are free right off the bat to everyone, so no need to spend money and unlock the heroes you want to play. It allows us, as the players to explore and see what heroes we enjoy playing the most and if you're into cosmetics, you also have the option to buy a skin. The business model for me personally, is fair and likeable as I've had no issues with it whatsoever, it's equal for both the customer and developer. Now, while the gameplay is still the same and fun at its core, what else has been added by Valve? Well, we now have various events that take from time to time, usually worldwide holidays such as Christmas or Halloween are some examples. These events bring in replay value to want and play the game more such as getting limited skins for heroes, UI skins, couriers or just straight up rare items that can be sold across the entire steam market so you can get some funds put into your wallet for perhaps other items/skins on the market or even just saving up to buy another game entirely from either the steam store or in-game store. They've also made several changes to the UI compared to back in Warcraft 3. The UI is bigger and straight forward, and buying items through the shop are easily seen as everything is now categorized properly, and accessing them with a simple click. It's easily noticeable but just in case, you may have noticed, some heroes have not been put into the game yet and are missing. It's mainly due to copyright issues with Blizzard, seeing as how Brewmaster was a Pandaren from Warcraft and now Valve has changed him to a Koala beast of some sort? In fact, every champion for the most part, have been changed in their appearance because Dota started off by using Blizzard races and even some famous lore characters such as Thrall (Disruptor) or Rexxar (Beastmaster). It's certainly slowed down some heroes from being brought back, the recent being Legion Commander (male to female) and Terrorblade (no longer the demon hunter/Illidan). Valve still has a few more heroes to change and get out, such as Techies, so if you're a big Techies fan and/or mainer, you're going to have to wait a while longer until Valve finally pushes him out. Alright, and now my few personal grips about this game other than having a toxic community as I mentioned earlier throughout these types of games. I just do not appreciate or enjoy the art style that Valve has brought into this game. NOT in terms of quality but art style. The quality is fine for some but most heroes I feel, lost their identity and instead of something different, or unique, Valve just made most of the heroes look ugly and feel uninspired in my honest opinion. I mean now Earthshaker now looks like a mutated version of Beast from X-Men with a mix of a Koala (similar to the new Brewmaster). Hell, I still appreciate Blizzards art style so much more in Warcraft 3 than this new look, look at Pudge and Slardar, they had the look, voice and feel back in Warcraft 3 but now it's just not as strong anymore here. Even the almighty and fearful Zeus doesn't look like an intimidating god anymore, but a scientist. Another thing that I do not find a lot of fun a whole lot anymore is the gameplay itself, yes, the core gameplay. It's literally been the same thing over and over, nothing new or innovative, just a rinse and repeat of picking a hero, farming up gold for items, and winning team fights. Maybe it's just me after playing thousands of hours in this genre or perhaps if you take a look past the gameplay and look at what it really offers, there's really nothing going for it. Last hitting isn't fun anymore, as that's all you're doing most of the time early on, with team fights mid to late game (unless you personally find it fun). The worst part, is you will fall behind if you say die a few times to an opponent carry, it pigeon holds you because now your team has little to no retaliation or chance of hoping to win since that carry will just roll face your entire team and there's a decent chance someone on your team will call you out, meaning more anger and frustration can occur. I can safely say as a long time Dota 1 player/fan, Dota is still fun but it's not fun if you want to play decently at the average level because the amount of mechanics people know in that level will put you in a disadvantage if you just learn a few because most just don't have time to do it. So what can I say, I mean in the end, this is basically Dota 2.0 with better graphics, same gameplay like the original, a few added features like events, and the in-game store associated with the steam market. Everything looks great except the art style for most heroes (personal opinion) and of course, the ease of access to newcomers while it may seem straight forward, it gets more complicated in-depth, meaning there's a harder learning curve and barrier to pass through to fully enjoy the game at its fullest, meaning you'll need to spend some time and practice.
game-hours: 8189.7
review: This is basically dota 1 with an upgraded user interface and graphics. Its still a work in progress but all in all this is what the original dota style gameplay needs if its going to increase its declining marketshare in the moba genre it itself once pioneered. The spectator interface for viewing live games is impressive and though it seems the matchmaking algorithm is not really active at the moment for a beta the parts that work do so rather well. The attack and spell animations are all reworked and changed in this version so even for old dota 1 vets there is much to learn that only comes with the experience of engaging in the matches themselves. If you can get an invite and you like the MOBA genre you will find far more to like than not. But as usual in these types of games it all comes down to how evenly paired both teams are in skill for a game to truly fire on all cylinders.
game-hours: 464.2
review: Best Soviet Union Simulator out there
game-hours: 639.2
review: The amount of russians in this game,is too damn high... 10/10 would learn russian again.
game-hours: 2738.4
review: dont play this game if you have a life. DON'T
game-hours: 3995.8
review: :)
game-hours: 15.5
review: Judging by the fact that I managed to play 14 hours and not realize I spent that much time, and many of my friends have 1000-2000 hours of play, all I can say... is RUN! Run before it consumes you too!
game-hours: 1504.7
review: the game's plot isn't really clear, but the way i see it is that it is obviously a game about the problem with rapid assimilation of cultures and how conservativism leads to massive xenophobia, causing a war between what i think is the texas-mexico border on the rio grande though for some reason its russians and peruvians instead overall it really is a great free singleplayer title that experiments with how much you did or did not slack off in foreign language courses in high school while testing how racist you are capable of being
game-hours: 4341.7
review: Making you and your best friend worst enemies since Warcraft 3, MOBA game where you will feed for your first 1500 hours of gameplay. Your teammates will hate you and you will furtherly play the games loss on them for your next 1000 hours of game play. You will complain on forums and ingame alike how your team is bringing you down, and you will  about ELO HELL which doesn't exist. Welcome to Dota 2, you're stuck here now.
game-hours: 109.6
review: nearly 100 hours of play time and i still haven't played a single match PROS: -it's free -Tusk has a big fist and likes to drink and punch and i can relate to this CONS: -Dota 2 -one time i ate some weird chicken and had the runs for a week i give it a large package of AA batteries out of five
game-hours: 1180.7
review: Dota 2 has got to be the best thing I've played since I was born. Not only are the movement and combat more stable than bruce lee glued to a weeble wobble, but I've accumilated over 30 hours and have not seen a single hacker. If I could sum it up I would say it's like chess, rock paper scisors, and torchlight 2 thrown into a blender to make the perfect MOBA. Playing this game lost me hours of my life that I'll never get back, and I don't want them back. Gold medals and cigars to valve once again.
game-hours: 2885.8
review: My Russian and Spanish improved alot after playing this game, THANKS VALVE ULTRA EPIC REGION LOCK PLS
game-hours: 1303.1
review: test
game-hours: 8.3
review: The only scenario you'd want to play this game is if you are suicidal and want a stroke. 0/10.
game-hours: 1887.3
review: my first moba game fell in love with it on second play after my friends thought me to play it meet a lot new friends here friendly community and the best Russian,pinoy language learning tools
game-hours: 5719.9
review: This game is filled with the biggest  in the world. Enjoy every second of it :D
game-hours: 1382.6
review: I WANT MY LIFE BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1022.5
review: If you want to learn how to blame everyone else for being terrible at a game, while having a blast with your closest nerdmates. DOTA 2!
game-hours: 867.9
review: Advantages: 1. The old game in a new package. 2. Interesting and beautiful system skins heroes. 3. Availability of the ladder. 4. Convenient search game. 5. process of the game interesting and not boring Disadvantages: 1. High prices in the game store. 2. Sometimes you have to wait long for matchmaking. 3. Sometimes disappears player models.
game-hours: 4.6
review: Dota 2 was what i thought would be fun it is but if your looking to play people are real jerks who think just because they played longer they have the right to cyber bully and if u wanna leave you get demerit points and it will take you a longer time to find a macth valve should really regulate the chat and allow people to defend why they abandoned a game so for right now Dota 2 is run by jerks and  holes
game-hours: 378.7
review: 10 years dota 1 380 hours dota 2. it will just ruin your life you better play something else
game-hours: 1237.7
review: Ruined my life 10/10 would play without friends..... send help 9/10
game-hours: 63.5
review: I've had this game in my Steam Library since beta, and occasionally I'd give it a try to see if I could tap into some of the excitement that continued to elude me, for some reason. 62 hours later, on May 12, 2014 (today), after reading the first 10 headlines in the Dota 2 Steam "forums", I promptly uninstalled the game. I'm not one of those dudes who mistakes his opinion for fact, so I'll just say this game isn't for me. Rude, unfriendly community coupled with an overtly pretentious, self-important theme and arbitrary, unnecessarily difficult online play ("laning"? "ganking"? "last-hitting?" REALLY?) are unappealing to me. I suppose the kids prefer the game this way because they feel like they've "accomplished something" when they win (as opposed to the rest of us who simply "play video games"). As an over-30-year-old gamer with kids of my own, perhaps I'm just too old for this. Anyway, thumbs down. NEXT.
game-hours: 216.4
review: Got 99 problems, micro-ing is one. There are very few games that allow me to hold my weinar while playing , dota is one of em . The innovative playstyle that i have been made new to allows for me to have free hand to generally cup my bawlz or hold my weinar, this breathtaking romance between my left hand and genitalia is phenominal towards the performance of my skills in dota , as well as this masterful technique i would reccomend this game. But you may ask yourself why isnt your left hand on the keyboard, as a connoisseur of stolen pc equipment i do not have the latest in razor technology or advanced moba gaming equipment therefore waisting a second hand on Dota
game-hours: 846.2
review: Stop what your doing right now! Dont buy that expesnive language class, you can learn all the Portuguese you need on DotA 2! The premier language teacher 10/10 must buy.
game-hours: 1392.3
review: This game is an abusive relationship; it shows you glimmers of hope that your love will bear fruit and you'll have an enjoyable time, only to crush you and destroy you the other 50% of the time.
game-hours: 842.3
review: My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 9 years old when my Grandmother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. He realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed my family. My Grandmother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through." I agreed. At 26, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I regret for never done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway.
game-hours: 4870.5
review: 11/10. Ruined my life
game-hours: 2289.5
review: I don't really enjoy competitive games, as a rule. I like the idea of them, but I don't play them. I have been playing a lot of Dota 2 though, because I don't think that Dota 2 is really a "game." I sometimes lose a game so badly that I wake, days later, in a cold sweat. At first, all I can think is that I am happy to have woken from the nightmare. Later, in a moment of creeping fear, I will realise that the real nightmare is how bad I am at Dota... and yet I cannot stop myself from playing it. Dota 2 is an endless nightmare from which I cannot wake. To install it is to introduce into your life a hellish netherworld, one in which close friends are so disappointed in one another that they cannot even express it. One in which improvement means only that you will be matched against better opposition... All of this horror floats on the constant threat of the "low priority queue," a stygian hellscape that this review could never hope to describe. Summary: 10/10, would play again (until my sightless eyes drop from their sunken sockets and the cold grip of death frees my mortal husk from its trap).
game-hours: 2972.7
review: Get out while you still can.
game-hours: 3189.4
review: I hate this game, it's poison.
game-hours: 1027.9
review: My favourite game of all time, amazingly deep pvp experience that has me still feeling like every game is something new and different after about 2-3000 hours given between dota 1 and 2. First off a warning. This is game is hard to get into. It has an insanely large learning curve, (and a community who (mostly) don't deal well with learners or anyone not at the top of their game.) If you push through this, which isn't so bad if you have some friends to show you the ropes and get you into it, you will have access to a high action strategy game with so many variables to each game that you can always be suprised no matter how long you've played.
game-hours: 2577.0
review: I guess I have to review this game because I've wasted so many hours playing it. Basically, Dota 2 has made me racist towards anyone who speaks any other language than english. If you're having a good day, don't play this game.
game-hours: 388.7
review: I learned russian in less then 4 weeks.
game-hours: 570.1
review: this videogame about spiders who like to kill towers very good in serbia very famous i play with family every day i skill and 20/0/30 sniper mid short game win fast i used to play on teams like liquid, alliance and navi but now i family and work no time game is about towers and russians and you have to kill towers and russians with spiders and trees very good there also roshan roshan is russian (say roshan out loud!!!! omg!!!!!!!!!!) there are also bonus levels special like wrathnight which is like pokemons attacking lich king another bonus level diretide is about candy it's gay bullets in turks are my candy  turks  bosnia serbia 4evr nuke us every day serbia strong wisdom of the FALCON fast like TIGER strong like LION grafix: amazing like battolfild 5 in showcase mode you can see lina's  very nice sound: very nice dubstep arabic kebab soundtrack like my country music very good gameplay: very good gameplay very sports i own u with riki every match very fed story: very touching story of russians being russians it lasts only 20-40 min and then you can play again overall: 10
game-hours: 427.5
review: It's a game about reporting everyone you hate 10/10
game-hours: 452.2
review: This is the worst game i have ever played in my entire life, the most depressing and anxiety inducing game ever. Its an addiction you can't stop, a drug you cant refuse. Every thought you have is about the game...the lanes, the heroes, the creeps, the items. If you play this game, you fall into a deep dark pit you will never climb out of.
game-hours: 5997.0
review: ez
game-hours: 1762.4
review: Of the majority of games that feature animal people, I don't think any other game of our generation can shout BLATANT FURRY CULTURE FORCING more than Dota 2. Ranging from the down and dirty Gondar lines like "for the right price, anything" to the drunk, pitiful Mangix; and you thought Disney was bad. On top of that they even added a character called "Troll Warlord" which is obviously a Homestuck reference. These guys are really milking the fandom department. Why can't a game just be about boobs like the old day- I mean what ever happened to good old Christian family values like Monopoly and Scrabble. Now we've gotta fill our games with fanservice and sell out to an audience that is somehow greater than ours? I don't think so. And there's even a character that's a flamboyant homosexual. I had to bring my children to therapy after they heard the words "puddin pop" from one such "Storm Spirit". On the topic of inappropriate directive, I can't believe a Greek Gorgon such as Medusa would go so far as to talk about her 'gays'. This is simply not alright. This "game" is nothing but a manifestation of what our society is becoming, and we can only petition to have Valve remove funding for this project to save our youth.
game-hours: 174.1
review: I suck at this game but its good.
game-hours: 1651.5
review: This game is a ing joke. You get  random teammates, and your friend teammates will suck as well. The community is cancerous. You could play a match with total perfection and still lose. It's ludicrous. 10/10, would totally play another 1200 hours of dota.
game-hours: 1166.5
review: It is one of the most interesting games I have ever played. Go DOTA !!!
game-hours: 2004.9
review: dota is like a big black hole,the more u move on,the more it sucks u in it. by the way...... full of russains -_________-
game-hours: 1581.3
review: Not played much, but from what I have played it appears to be a good game.
game-hours: 144.9
review: Game had no warnings of super spookies, even though it has skeletons and . 0/10 - Not bad.
game-hours: 23.6
review: Gr8 game m8 I r8 8/8 no h8.
game-hours: 2551.0
review: Best international diplomacy simulator of all time! 10/10
game-hours: 2018.8
review: do you like clicking shit? does the thought of clicking shit with a bunch of slobbering hysterical morons armed with report buttons and stubborn retard belligerency appeal to you? do you like pressing buttons on your keyboard? do you like the thought of being unable to click shit or push buttons because a slobbering hysterical moron reported you for politely suggesting that they should stop auto-attacking creeps or aren't equipped to handle mid or shouldn't be building Battle Fury on Drow? do you like getting frustrated and abandoning all pretense of polite suggestions? do you want to register parachute steam accounts so you can pop off at retards and not give a shit if they report you? do you like dota? then you'll love this
game-hours: 1529.8
review: amazing game it gave me ptsd towards peruvians 10/10
game-hours: 105.5
review: Better than League Of Legends. 420/10.
game-hours: 613.4
review: nice game .. :)
game-hours: 18.1
review: Apparentally, being a human being whom is requiring of material sustenance and thus needing to leave when called on short notice so you may obtain such sustenance is frowned upon by the community. And by their standards, worthy of reports and being called a .
game-hours: 2017.4
review: its ok for a few hours i guess.
game-hours: 2430.4
review: it's okay
game-hours: 994.3
review: A game that can bring fun or agony it would be nice if most of people are nicer
game-hours: 2176.7
review: English Review I was a fan and player of DOTA 1 and I've been passionate player of new version DOTA 2 for some time already. Audio and video are incomparable. There were cube, cross in the older version, but in everything's smooth in new version. I mind the looks of some heros (sorting by race), but I used to it. Though what I miss from the older version is graphical visualization of objects, which was glowing out of them (aura, colors). But sound messages are just wonderful! Control, choice of using spells, items ... it's up to player, also like graphics and sounds. Great benefit is that you don't have to download and search maps, there is automatic update and synchronization. I give a big plus for buying, gaining of trading items. It's just huge jump and movement in this game. Who was devotee of the older version, he will also fall in love with this one. I recommend for 100%. Rating: 10/10 Slovak Review Bol som fanikom a hrom DOTA ''1'' a som i novej verzie DOTA 2. Audio a video s nezrovnaten. V starej verzii boli ''kocka, krik'' v novej ve pekne vyhladen. Trochu mu vad na poniektorch herov vzor (rozdelenie poda rasy), ale to som si u zvykol. o mi avak chba z prvej verzei je grafick vizulizcia predmetov, ktor z nich vyarovala (aury, sfarbenia, ...). o sa tka hlok: ,,S uasn!'' Ovldatenos, vber pouvania spellov, itemov, ... je na hrovi, taktie ako grafika i zvuky. Obrovksou vhodou je nesahovania a nehadanie mp, ale automatick aktualizcia a synchronizcia. Vek plus dvam i kpu, zskavania i trejdovania itemov. Proste obrovsk skok a posun v tejto hre. Kto bol zarytcom do starej verzie, tak isto si zamiluje i tto nov. Odporam na 100%. Hodnotenie: 10/10
game-hours: 76.0
review: The definiton of MOBA
game-hours: 1105.5
review: Have you ever wanted to learn another language? Join Dota 2 today for a chance to learn the wonderful languages of Spanish, Portugese, and Russian! Buy now for the low low price of: Your faith in humanity, the rest of your free time, and becoming a horrible racist! 10/10
game-hours: 259.1
review: Ugh. I hate myself.
game-hours: 376.2
review: Socially dangerous tool to destroy and sap the life out of friendship.
game-hours: 1021.2
review: If you don't work well with other people, if you can't take criticism and tend to blame others for your mistake, and/or if you don't like to communicate, or can't because you speak a different language. You will fit in well here; would recommend 10/10.
game-hours: 180.1
review: This game didn't give me cancer.
game-hours: 129.0
review: Dota 2 is an easy way to save money, which were to be issued on a Russian dictionary.
game-hours: 28.9
review: Played a match and everyone stole my kills and farm 10/1
game-hours: 631.7
review: Welcome to Dota 2, the Hotel California of online gaming. Late Last March, I was naive enough to dip a toe in its beguiling waters and today, 450 hours of gameplay later, I return as a semi-functional human to regale you with tales from its realm. Dota 2 is unlike any other game Ive ever played, both in its nature and history. It started off as a StarCraft mod popular enough to be ported to Warcraft 3, which then exploded into a kaleidoscope of player-made variants and eventually coalesced again into a single entity titled Defense of the Ancients Allstars. There is no single author of Dota, though all the anonymous contributors whove made it what it is have come from the community that first started playing the mods. As such, Dota is the very definition of grassroots game development. The idea of a game made by the people for the people, as a certain American president might put it, fills me with a particularly warm and fuzzy sensation. Of course, I knew none of this when I first picked up Dota. A friend recommended it because its free and Im cheap. I understood that the game had a team-based format where killing the other guys was a good thing, like with first-person shooters, but your character also leveled up through the course of a match, as in role-playing games. That seemed like a recipe for unbalanced gameplay, but as it turns out, its precisely Dotas balance that makes it so unbelievably addictive. You start off as a member of a ragtag group of five heroes intent on destroying the enemys base, which is embodied by the titular Ancient structure. Through a series of skirmishes against the other team, their defensive towers, and waves of autonomous creeps, you gain experience and gold, the latter of which can be spent on items that make you stronger, swifter, and deadlier. The more you kill, the more you make, the more you buy, the more you kill. Rinse, repeat, and make sure to say "gg" at the end. LEARNING A LANGUAGE MIGHT BE QUICKER THAN MASTERING THE FULL BREADTH OF DOTA Excuse me if Im making this sound simple, because it really isnt. Dota 2 has a roster of over 100 heroes to choose from, and the combinations of items they can obtain is an order of magnitude greater still. Each hero has four or more unique abilities, and to have any hope of defeating a skilled opponent, you have to know what those are, what items he or she is carrying, and how they affect your chances of survival. Ignoring all of that nuance, I jumped straight into the game with the Juggernaut and was promptly beaten into a pulp of samurai sushi. A dozen humbling  whoopings later, I was online and reading the Dota Fire hero guides. DOTA 2 CHOICES The key reassurance I can offer is that all of these intricacies are, in fact, worth learning. As daunting as Dotas complexity may be, without it the game just wouldnt be as rewarding. My way of rising to the high bar of basic skill required was to pick the last enemy hero to destroy me. Thus I went from playing Juggernaut to Bounty Hunter to Bloodseeker to Ursa to Spirit Breaker. Each time I was sure I had the "right" hero, a better player would come along, expose my weaknesses, and teach me something new. Im the worst loser I know and yet I played Dota 2 for nearly 100 hours before I could get my winning percentage above 50. Maybe if I could actually see that I was being dominated by 14-year-old kids listening to Darudes Sandstorm on repeat, I might have felt sufficiently embarrassed to retreat in shame. I stuck through it, though, because, in the immortal words of Agent Smith, "as a species, human beings define their reality through suffering and misery," and Dota delivers both with just enough victory to keep me titillated. And once I had a couple of hundred hours of experience under my belt, I too started passing on the sacred knowledge of Dota through the time-honored tradition of owning noobs. IM THE WORST LOSER I KNOW AND IM ADDICTED TO A GAME THAT KEEPS KICKING MY  This is not a game for the impatient. Success in Dota 2 requires the strategic forethought of chess, the unselfish teamwork of basketball, and the steely nerves of poker. None of those skills are acquired with ease and theres no magic number of matches or hours played to achieve Dota competence. Its a lot like learning a language: I never felt discrete upgrades in my knowledge and skill, but eventually I got to the point where I could tell you every typo in the games hero descriptions and every corner of its single asymmetric map. Just know that the commitment required is on a whole different scale to other games. You could complete the epic Mass Effect trilogy (plus all of its expansion packs) in less time than it takes the average Dota player to familiarize himself with everything from Abbadons Aphotic Shield to Zeuss Lightning Bolt. But thats really the point. Mastering this game in 50 hours wouldnt feel anywhere near as satisfying as taking a good 500.
game-hours: 1453.8
review: Que simulator 2014 is a gr8/10 game. I was able to get a combo of over 12 minutes the other day. Would totally recommend for all hardcore gamers.
game-hours: 3896.7
review: this game ruined my life
game-hours: 77.4
review: Game yang fun dan bikin nagih. Keliatannya simple, tapi makin dimainin makin banyak yang bisa dipelajari, termasuk anger management :) Tapi uniknya meski kadang bikin emosi gara2 di kill sama lawan, tapi game ini in the same time bikin relax juga. Highly Recommended!
game-hours: 0.2
review: It's free to play. 10/10
game-hours: 97.5
review: Being an old League of Legends player I really needed some time off LoL since I knew every champion, every item and every possible outcome for hero duels, I came to Dota 2. If you are just like me then I would strongly suggest taking a look at dota 2. It is much more realistic and I can guarantee it once you get to know a little bit the mechanics of the game and if you play it with a friend or two then you will have so much fun. No bugs whatsoever, very fluid game and most of all very diverse range of heroes. The only bad thing there might be (from what I have seen) is that there is quite a big number of trolls in the game.
game-hours: 3825.2
review: !!!
game-hours: 71.7
review: An online game about meeting russians and learning russian, great for students looking to learn a new language. /10
game-hours: 14.5
review: "I came, I saw, I conquered." after spending 9 hours in tutorial part and 1 win against other players, i decided to quit playing this game and keep my 100% winning rate.
game-hours: 4197.0
review: Best game ever..........
game-hours: 829.6
review: good game in world
game-hours: 2453.2
review: a noob swearing simulator
game-hours: 1214.4
review: _  Give TECHIES
game-hours: 1301.2
review: awesome game
game-hours: 2095.1
review: best of the best
game-hours: 4480.1
review: The hours I have clocked in explain everything.
game-hours: 1476.6
review: A true masterpiece and a milestone in gaming, this sequel to a genre-definer that is now just bursting in a global scale is a great point of reference to anyone attempting to make a game of this genre. Great graphics, amazing sound and voice design, and rich backstories in every corner are just some of the features that make Dota 2 great. But it's major strong point is the depth in its mechanics. While Dota 2's gameplay might seem daunting at first, it's one of the best and more engaging ever seen in a game, and learning it is just one of the reasons why this game is addicting. Other games such as League of Legends end up falling short because their devs decided to cut much from the original formula, but Dota 2 kept it intact, and makes sure you learn something new everyday. Not only the core game is strong, but also the eSport scene surrounding it is amazing and growing, with several tournaments going on, including Valve's own The International. At the time of release, the game looks like a train with no brakes, about to crash against its competitors and run them over, raising the bar on the genre with a myriad of awesome features that perfectly compliment an awesome game.
game-hours: 1531.1
review: Wanna ruin your life ? Play this and your wish'll be granted :)))))) Your enemies are russains Your friends ....dont trust anyone And dont forget to use the word "" against the russains :))))))) Mother russia will be Our  forever
game-hours: 1319.8
review: Ruined my life. No girlfriend, no friends, no family. Now is only me and Dota 2. I wish to touch some boobs, but I can't. So I will imagine myself touching Lina boobs. Oh... I forgot something... In my dreams, I am sniper... and i say: BOOM, HEADSHOT! when I kill a Russian. I'm Brazilian, but I don't like this country... so, sometimes I dream that I'm Nature's Prophet, and I teleport to the jungle, and... *snif, snif*, why they ganked me? Why Crystal Maiden didn't warded?! She hates me?! I guess I used to much the Mask of Madness...
game-hours: 40.1
review: Awful, unhelpful community. 3/10 wouldn't recommend to my worst enemy.
game-hours: 342.4
review: More Russian than Moscow! 10/10 DotA2 is a Russian simulator, explore the every day life of a Russian glued behind his computer screen wondering why these English capitalist dogs do not speak the almighty language of justice. Enjoy not being able to understand your teammates and swearing at eachother in a variety of Spanish/French (very rarely English) and most of all: Russian. You can play on the Europe West servers (with Russians), American servers (with Russians) or if you're missing out on that full Russian experience, play on the Russian servers. No wonder Ukraine is not taken yet, they're all too busy ''playing'' this game. Feel free to enjoy Solo Queue and end up with a group of 3 Russians and a Spanish 13 year old repeatedly, listening to a repeated soliloquy of backwards letters you've only seen once in a Chernobyl documentary. Attempt Duo Queue and end up with 3 Russians, which kind of diminishes the full blown Russian experience; thus I do not recommend you try this or you can play with bots, which are surprisingly better teammates than the Russians. Just for good measure I'll throw in an extra ''Russians'' to get the point across. Enjoy yourself, comrad. For those of you that do not enjoy the full Russian gaming experience, there is always CS:GO, which is the softcore version of DotA2. Disclaimer: Long exposure to DotA2 might cause capitalist ideals to give way to communism.
game-hours: 523.2
review: Oh, so apparently it's MY fault you fed Anti-Mage. Yeah, okay bro.
game-hours: 617.5
review: Dota 2 is a 5-v-5 MOBA game. You have a selection out of 108 unique heroes, each with a unique skillset. Every hero is also available from the minute you start. No playing X amount of games before this hero becomes available. The object of Dota 2 is to destroy the other teams Ancient. To do this, you can work your way down any of the 3 lanes (Top, Mid or Bottom) by destroying the outer towers. Youll start most matches pairing up or going into a lane solo trying to get some experience and gold by last hitting creeps. As the game progresses, youll start teaming up more with your other team members to take on the other team or to quickly kill of a solo member of their team. Because of the importance of coordinating your attacks with other team members, communication is a very important aspect of the game. I therefor also recommend playing this game with some friends because random people that youll be teamed up with wont always show the same willingness to communicate. If youre just starting out playing Dota 2, I also recommend playing with a friend who already has some experience in the game because the learning curve is very steep, especially when you have to figure everything out by yourself. The skill ceiling is also extremely high. So every time you play, you might learn something new. Due to the high number of available heroes, skills and items, you can be sure that every game is unique. Something to be wary of is the community. There are people out there that take this game way more seriously than you might. Most players have an opinion of what you should have done in a certain situation and will be happy to blame a lost teamfight on you not taking that action. Flaming is something that could happen often. But if youre playing with a team entirely made up of your friends, this shouldnt prove to be an issue. If this is not the case, dont worry. You can always mute the players that are causing you grief and continue enjoying this wonderful, team oriented game.
game-hours: 1646.7
review: ,  ()     ( )       ,      ,           ,   ,   .    ,     ,   ,    .        -    DOTA 2.
game-hours: 169.6
review: Although Moba communities in general suck complete donkey chode this one sucks a chode of 4 inches in cirumfrence which by my standards is A+.
game-hours: 1389.2
review: garbage
game-hours: 3528.5
review: yes dota 2
game-hours: 2036.2
review: Dota 2, a very frustrating game that forces you to play with and against other players. You'll rely on your team to preform their selected roles, and then watch in horror as they completely ignore the game mechanics and just chase down kills, rarely successfully. You build in game items during the match to enhance your characters role and then hope and pray your team doesn't feed the opposition too much. Team fights, normally 5v5, tend not to happen as you watch your fellow team members run to meet their fate and be a hero. Sadly this ends up throwing the game and you lose. I would still recommend this game, purely for those few matches when the your whole teams synergy is in harmony, watch as the gold floods in, the towers crumble and the opposition blame each other for their loss.
game-hours: 2376.7
review: Best MOBA out there!
game-hours: 1.4
review: This game is awful and filled with awful people.
game-hours: 438.7
review: A message to my fellow conservatives: all is lost. A message to my fellow classical economists: we're all Keynesians now. With the release of How to Train your Dragon 2 (which might've been more suitably named "How to be a Dictator 2"), Communist influence has been seeded into the minds of the children, destroying the potential for a perfect laissez faire economy for future generations. How to Train your Dragon 2 is a story of a young Shaggy Rogers discovering the wonders of "Sandwiches" for the first time with the Rottweiler he owned before Scooby. Our protagonist, a rebellious socialist who never came to grasp the true meaning of Republican Motherhood, is a frequenter of the parks, motivating the homeless by promising them peace and beating them until they promise to get a job or preaching to the innocent picnickers about the evils of animal cruelty. A subtheme of gun control is dished out discreetly as the script writers encourage us to do better than what game theorists think we are capable of with flawed moral consciences. In the same way viewers are assured that we have learned from the days of the arms race by subtly bringing up the Marilyn Monroe-JFK scandal. Obnoxious and unorginal, the production draws content heavily from the movies E.T. and Avatar, indicating that it could have been funded by a collective effort between PETA, James Cameron, the public health institute, Heidi Fleiss, and Joseph Stalin. In the end, the main character's tyrannical liberal-minded father boards a boat to Russia under heavy artillery fire by social darwinists, portrayed as defiant and unruly teenagers that want nothing but an end to civilization. I can say with certainty that any child who watches this film WILL become a democrat at some point in their lives, and, like the movie suggests, the only way to prevent the disease from spreading is to contain it. Oh and Dota 2 is a pretty good game too.
game-hours: 673.3
review: Defense of the Ancients 2 or DotA 2 for short, is like being addicted to an extremely harmful substance. No matter how many times you queue for Europe West and get Russians. No matter how many times you get an insta-pick Pudge going mid to feed. No matter how many times you see a Bounty Hunter build BattleFury. You'll keep coming back for that one taste of glory. It's an extremely abusive relationship that is impossible to leave.
game-hours: 390.2
review: I can't really write a good review for the ever-changing landscape that is Dota2. But I will say the following generic things: Dota2 is not a simple team game. There are a huge amount of advanced techniques that you will have to be told or lookup online. You come into Dota to have fun with "tools", every character is a different tool. They move different, they turn different, they attack differently. If you enjoy playing the same game over and over and perfecting little, small tricks to give yourself a slight advatange, then this is for you. If you come from any fighting game for example, you can get into this. Like really into this. What makes Dota2 different from other MOBAs? Depth. Dota offers much more variety, much more freedom to experiment. Other MOBAs shy away from the huge complexity that is giving more tools to the tools. You have items that give you more movement options, that take away movement options from the opponent, even random modifiers that spawn on the map periodically. In other games you will find these "options" baked into a character, they try to guide you into learning how a character "should" be played. Dota2 gives you the sandbox to experiment, As a reminder, it's never anyone's fault when you fail to build your tool properly. This is a game. Have fun. Most people just look up to a player and copy his playstyle, and Valve facilitates this. But you don't have to. Everything depends in Dota2. Should you try Dota2? Yes. But remember to have fun. You will be playing a game that can last 1 hour per match. Enjoy. Smile. A lot of people forget this. If you're not enjoying Dota2. Uninstall.
game-hours: 1153.5
review: good game
game-hours: 922.8
review: This game is totally full of idiots and noob players. If you want to play this game, make sure to find 4 other friends to play too
game-hours: 1993.1
review: Brilliant MOBA with endless 'replayability'. Heavily dependant on your team mates who may or may not possess logic/reason/language you understand.
game-hours: 2391.5
review: When you play for the first time all this game seems like is just a bunch of wierd colored creatures punching each other with sticks. It seems really stupid, but you suck it up and play through the tutorial. Then you stupidly decide to play your first game of real dota. Put short you fed, badly. After going 0/30 your first game you kinda hate dota. But you stupidly decide to play another, and chances are you lost again. And this keeps happening until you discover your first newb hero. Drow seems so op doesnt she. Afterwards you decide to play this hero again and again, and doesn't it feel good to win. 50 games deep you'll hate noobstomp heroes like riki, sniper, drow, and bloodseeker. Obvisously these heroes are really op. 100 games deep and you'll find yourself trying out some new heroes, tidehunters ravange is pretty epic you have to agree. 200 games deep and you'll have played every hero, with the exception to earth spirt. How the hell do you play that guy, I dont get it. 300 games deep and those newb stomp heroes dont seem so bad anymore. Manfight riki, stand right next to drow, get blademail for sniper, and buy a tp for bloodseeker. And dont forget to buy dust. 400 games in you will know how to ward, rune control, stack and pull and play a support. You will understand the basics of having one person farm while another supports and harrasses. Holy  you've made it to 500 games. Remeber your first match if only you could see yourself now. By this point you understand the basics of dota! Remeber to dodge the sunstrike! 600 games in and you'll realize that for the past months dota is the only game you have played. Like the only game, because once you start playing dota you never come back. Unless your power dies.... By 700 games you'll start playing against trilanes. Now as an offlaner you have to do your best to not die, and get some farm. Hide in the trees and sap xp where you can. By 800 your tempted to buy that arcana. Not saying you will but it sure does look tempting. By 900 you know what to buy, and you get what every hero can do. You know where to be and when and you get the feeling when there smoke ganking and roshing. Gamesense op! By 1000 games you hit a milestone. The game doesnt seem like colored creatures punching eachother. Welcome to dota 2. Noob Advice: read guides when your trying out new heroes. Practice in bots, and dont stick to one hero, play them all. And stick in there, your first 10 games will suck. Purge has some great guides that you really should watch before you even step into your first game. And also play with friends, otherwise you might have to put up with peruvians who keep screaming noob in chat when you make one mistake. People who have to rage at everything (thats why theres reports), and russians who will play uber aggresive all the time, which to be fair on there part works half of the time. Welcome to dota 2. Oh yeah and nerf void!
game-hours: 1820.4
review: It's a free internet cafe game for peruvians. Recommended if you're a peruvian in an internet cafe in Peru.
game-hours: 835.0
review: russian party simulator 11/10
game-hours: 1601.6
review: How to play this gme?!
game-hours: 63.2
review: This game was shocking to me.When i played it couple times i learned that my mom was ed by hendreds of people who plays dota 2 and that i have some brain diseases. You should play it to know some very important stuff
game-hours: 71.8
review: The greatest MOBA of them all. ..but I furiously hate these kind of ing  games,  them so bad, and may it die horribly. But if you get past that, 10/10.
game-hours: 498.4
review: Dota best dota! <3
game-hours: 2172.3
review: Dota 2 is an awesome game ruined by its lacking match making skills. I found a guy who had 0% knowledge of the game so i tell steam plz fix this and do not match people with same level but same skill meaning judge a persons skill. Any by the way i have seen lvl4 people playing with lvl76 people i mean whats that about really.
game-hours: 1554.2
review: Don't play this, I will keep inviting you to play this game with me and talk about how important team play is, but it's just to lure you in. 500+ hours for a single game? Play 10 other games instead.
game-hours: 0.4
review: I can't play these games. But LoL vs. DOTA, DOTA is the BEST.. Byle oyunlar oynayamyorum, ancak LoL ile karlatrrsak DOTA EN iyisi.
game-hours: 6.8
review: *click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click clickclickclickclickclickclick click click click click clickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclick*
game-hours: 504.3
review: IT will ruin you life man. ITS LIKE A DRUG BUT LEGAL. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED. DONT NOT ATTEMPT.
game-hours: 9845.8
review: game m8
game-hours: 1919.9
review: Russian Simulator 2015
game-hours: 2170.2
review: I've been playing Dota since Waracraft III, after HoN and LoL. Then I bought Dota 2 in beta and there is no better moba in my opinion. Valve is doing a good job on keeping game up and interesting and I hope it will be keep doing well in the future too.
game-hours: 340.4
review: Reporting simulator! 10/10 would be reported again
game-hours: 2095.8
review: BETTER THAN LOL
game-hours: 3.5
review: Like almost any other MOBA out there, it's "free" unless you want any of your looks customized. I only played a handful of matches, and being at least semi-literate in both MOBA UIs and old custom Warcraft and Starcraft maps, I can in no way recommend this game to anyone but the most hardcore of MOBA fans. The UI is unintuitive, the shop is a mess to look at if you're new, and you will likely get your face smashed in by even the computer-controlled players time and time again while you punishingly learn every little thing it takes to be good at this game. If you have never played a MOBA, if you don't have a friend who already plays this and can walk you through what to do, do NOT try this game. If you really love MOBAs and are looking for a new one, yes, definitely try this and I hope you enjoy it. I did not, not even remotely.
game-hours: 1929.4
review: Lose all your spare time, learn russian and become uneccessarily angry for the great price of free! 10/10
game-hours: 581.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 809.1
review: Do you like great matchmaking systems? Do you like friendly communities? Do you like everyone staying in the game until the match ends? If you do, this game isn't for you.
game-hours: 2067.6
review: dota
game-hours: 808.9
review: ing piece of  addictive  game
game-hours: 2006.1
review: Best language teacher      10/10
game-hours: 1150.2
review: -,-
game-hours: 805.3
review: Smoke gank erryday
game-hours: 244.3
review: If you want to learn russian swearwords you've come to the right place m9. Our community is unique. We're better than LoL cuz we have russians. Here's What Gaben stated in dreamhack 1337 The russians have a special part in the Dota 2 community.They are well educated and really know the game. - Gaben 1337 gaben=putin==illuminati
game-hours: 2199.2
review: I fkng love memes that review that will save your life :') np np
game-hours: 37.7
review: Nice ;)
game-hours: 1822.0
review: good game in the world
game-hours: 5529.3
review: Don't bother spending hundreds on other language learning programs, or ones that claim to be the best, like Rosetta Stone. DotA 2 has the market cornered and you would have to be a fool to pay anything for these "superior" pieces of software when DotA 2 is completely free of charge! When you want to learn a new language, simply queue for your region, and select the language that you already know. Valve's patented system will immediately match you with other language speakers who will get you on the fast track to success! You will love your learning experience. I can guarantee that you will not grow to hate other cultures due to a language barrier, because soon you will be able to speak Portugeuse, Spanish, Russian, and Chinese!
game-hours: 3168.6
review: Of Warcrafts Custom Maps, one stood a little taller than the rest: Defense of the Ancients. Here the heroes of Azeroth, freed from the tedious management of cities and armies, could fight as they were meant to: with weapons and experience, teamwork and tactics, all unadulterated by some abstract general and convoluted mission. A vast pool of heroes, pulled into one map, normalized and equalized through patches, armed with improved weaponry, combined to cement a gameplay experience that appealed to our encyclopedic minds, our fantastical tendencies, and our social impulse. Here was an unthinkable union of knowledge, skill, mythology, role playing, individuality, and balance. Here DotA matured to perfection. But this perfection was uneven. The brilliance lay there, but burdened by the crust and grime of history. The games greatest hero, Ice Frog, was a player who saw in DotA a wondrous achievement and vowed not to let that masterpiece deteriorate and die. Seeing the game as a growing process, owned by a community, ever meant to experiment and improve, Ice Frogs leadership kept DotA alive. Suffocated by a dated engine and forgotten game, he and his team worked with the legion of adoring fans to nourish what could be saved, and eradicate what could not. But even tenacity has limits, and in order for DOTA to break free it needed a new body; a new platform in which to siege the world. Here, as ever, an angel swooped from above. It was Valve, and they released the building pressure of DOTA into the atmosphere of mainstream gaming; steam that would finally power the community it deserved. The rest is history. Adopting the FTP model, utilizing the source engine and steam community, DotA has its outlet: DOTA 2. Players marvel at the games sheer number of balanced heroes, how it feels difficult yet strangely compelling, sophisticated in its strategy but gleeful in its murder, at times silly but still dark, oppressive but always promising emancipation if you practice hard and reflect often, so reliant on your allies, often complete strangers, that autonomous action can never rival teamwork. Like members of a symphony, clashing with your enemies in near perfect tug-and-war, entailing chess-like prediction and FPS-like twitching, your team fights together, wins together, and dies together. Never before except in professional sports has your weakest link dragged you down or raised you up. But drag you down they do. Even in the most porcelain masks do we see blemishes, and DOTA 2 has its fair share. Teams can and do exploit the weakest member of the opposite team, bullying with a savagery only seen in competitive gaming. Because of this exploitation, and the difficult nature of the game as a whole, frustration often runs high in the experience. Losses feel more painful than wins feel enjoyable, and the hope for those rare games in which perfect harmony among both teams leads to razor-sharp tactics and thrilling plays can be ruined by the cruel hand of fate, where a single hero out of position or a single RNG move can turn the tide of battle. DOTA 2 is, paradoxically, rarely satisfying, but when it is players never forget that feeling of triumph. Video Games, more than any other art, rely on us to deliver an experience. Whether they tell a story or present puzzles to solve, games need us to be competent and attentive. DOTA 2 takes this to new heights, and presents us with an outlet where the more we pour into it, the more it gives back. Eventually our exhaustion clouds the luster somewhat, but we shouldnt judge the game by our own limitations. Feral, profound, and terrifically challenging, DOTA 2 is competitive team-based gaming in its prime.
game-hours: 1197.9
review: I used to do things before this game. 10/10
game-hours: 541.3
review: It's a purgatory simulator based on the existential novel No Exit, in which you are trapped in a game with 9 other people who hate you. You spend your time killing the same enemies, who spawn every 30 seconds for all eternity, until you have amassed an arbitrary amount of gold/items with which you kill the other team. The worst 2 players in the game are blamed for every mistake made and ridiculed without mercy, while the player with the highest kill/death ratio (often times not the best player) calls you a  for the 60 minute duration. It's a nice game and I highly recommend it.
game-hours: 967.0
review: Gie
game-hours: 878.5
review: Very good game, especially if you want to experience russian cultural heritage without visiting russia.
game-hours: 5579.0
review: ez meepo ez life
game-hours: 2279.7
review: This is best game ever and ever.
game-hours: 342.7
review: i have no life after playing this game please help me
game-hours: 2651.1
review: XYNTA
game-hours: 2781.5
review: Good game though,just can't get enough
game-hours: 127.1
review: Full of people with autism, don't bother.
game-hours: 2360.6
review: Regrets, so many regrets.
game-hours: 0.1
review: #Harryheavlybreathing #Heavybreathingsimulator 69/69 omgomg! No-one has ever done that in the history of Dota!
game-hours: 1327.9
review: how do i change my killstreak rewards
game-hours: 1095.3
review: I miss my malaysian girl . and she dont have latest picture that i wanted to see :(
game-hours: 1118.6
review: This game is the best, I used to be a flithy casual until I picked this up, now I hate my friends, Russians and everyone else who scores lower than I do. Anti-social Simulator at its finest. 10/10
game-hours: 2666.8
review: never again
game-hours: 12678.0
review: Gotem
game-hours: 156.5
review: Stole a British guy's Triple Kill. He called me a Gandhi loving . And to that I replied: "Peace, Love, and Opium" 10/10
game-hours: 852.1
review: Enjoy being called racial slurs? Enjoy being screamed at in a language that you don't understand? Take everything all too seriously? Don't have a social life or interested in losing yours? Then this game is for you. 10/10 completely ruined my life.
game-hours: 1838.0
review: Great game! You will speak russian fluently in no time at the price of faith in humanity and your will to live. A must buy for all people who like being screamed at by braindead imbecils that deserve no less than a slow and painfull death. /10
game-hours: 1107.6
review: I recommend that you play with a full party.
game-hours: 461.1
review: Choose in which Russia you want to play and you're good to go.
game-hours: 2777.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 12678.0
review: Gotem
game-hours: 1199.5
review: A big portion of my nerve system died while palying this game. I no longer can express human emotions. My friends abandoned me as I fail to laugh at their joke or show I feel them when they share some tragic news. I am working on a application that can modify my photo with my emotionless face to a state I am really at. Most likely I will make billions, as Kristen Stewart is already on the project, so are many other famous actors (Mark Wahlberg, Channing Tatum and so on). I would recommend this game, as even if a part of you dies.... New part is always being born! Sometimes new part might require a straight jacket.
game-hours: 2078.9
review: buy ward plz
game-hours: 3723.7
review: you can farm 35min BoTs tinker and still have friends by the end of the game!
game-hours: 1496.5
review: this game ruined my life
game-hours: 5751.6
review: The neverending story. Skills never achieved at best and very hard game to learn. Many mistakes can be reason of losing game and game one of the hardest with opportunities which requires the years of effort and practice. Community full of all type of people from global. Players can report each other and happens often get reported by player because of his own mistakes. Also you must be smart and strong to survive people harassment. Definitely harder than League of Legends, World of Warcraft and many others games. Game play improved by many years of development and will be improved until Dota exist. Community loves professional players and players playing most of time very good at games but hates beginners or people not playing good enough. Better you play, harder you will win games alone. One of the best games for playing with real life friends, solo or with teams.
game-hours: 2287.1
review: efter 1000+ timer kan jeg konkludere at det er en kopi af CS
game-hours: 2.6
review: this is an excellnt game if you want a really dynamic playstyle and a unique item shop which offers much variation. The reason i choose dota over LoL is beacuse of the friendly community and the helpful players i often find in the games who are always willing to help me out if im stuck with what to buy or when they're telling me i shouldn't be initiating teamfights as the courier but whatever this game is great i'd give it a solid 7/10 just beacuse it's such an easy game to pick up after about 100 games you will have the basics mastered like how to last hit the minions and once you have that down you can learn how to kill your own minions to deny gold which is pretty hard and i still can't do it properly. I hope that in the next 20 games or so in can manage to get the basics of jungling down because it's very complicated and i always forget to eat the trees for health LOL. yes would reccomend definately to any new players looking for an online moba game which is really easy to pick up and get going aftert 10 games.
game-hours: 2075.9
review: With over 110 heroes to choose from, Dota 2 has one of the steepest learning curves of all the games available on Steam. Many players find that even after 100+ hours of gameplay, they feel incompetent at the game. While this is probably Dota 2's greatest downfall, it is also the aspect that makes the game as great as it is. There is just so much to learn in this game, that it will provide fans with countless hours of playtime. Verdict: Dota 2 is an extremely difficult game, and that is what makes it most rewarding. Yes, the amount of time it will take a new player to become even an "average" player may take well over 100 hours. However, if you are can overcome its steep learning curve and are looking for a game long term, DOTA 2 may just be the best game you can currently find - and it is free.
game-hours: 1517.7
review: It's all Dororo's and Lachesis's fault, he's the one that made me come back and play.
game-hours: 40.1
review: Sell drops, buy game.
game-hours: 5079.4
review: Ever wondered what  and bylat meant? Get this game.
game-hours: 1094.7
review: 10/10 I love practicing racial slurs and constantly be reminded why I really don't like a particular group of people on the internet.
game-hours: 1750.2
review: (  )
game-hours: 1191.5
review: ,      Warcraft 3
game-hours: 4222.0
review: +++
game-hours: 3304.3
review: ?
game-hours: 39.5
review: Better than LoL.
game-hours: 409.1
review: 10/10 has ruined my life. great for rage quitting and getting pissed off at your friends. woo
game-hours: 842.5
review: Best MOBA I've ever come across and trust me on this one guys LOL is nothing as compared to DotA or Dota 2 . The voice acting is over thr top and is quite hillarious at time and though being a MOBA it looks beautifull and once u get a hang of it , it becomes quite addictive
game-hours: 395.2
review: It's a game.
game-hours: 0.8
review: bad
game-hours: 2991.5
review: This game is awful.
game-hours: 1482.3
review: This game will make you racist......
game-hours: 1143.8
review: worst comunnity ever
game-hours: 1642.6
review: im just playing this game for couple hours , and now im SUPER ADDICTED to it! Very cool graphic compare to Dota 1 .. Thumb up valve!
game-hours: 3909.0
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 790.4
review: The Russians, autistic 6 year old Asian children, and a handful of normal people are what make this game a great game. 10/10
game-hours: 481.7
review: wow, League of Legands is for kids. A friend told me that the difference between League of Legends and Dota 2 is huge, but the biggest is that if you are a beginner or need help/support, players in dota 2 will help you. Which is not so common in League of Legends. 9/10. Vlv <3
game-hours: 179.1
review: trash talk simulator 2014
game-hours: 540.6
review: not even once
game-hours: 157.0
review: this game makes my brother extremly horney and jerks it to pudge
game-hours: 29.1
review: If you are a nudist Russian than 10?10 but if you are a half decent person then leave now and forever hold you peace.
game-hours: 34.1
review: blyat
game-hours: 0.4
review: >Dude wanna play this? >%username% invited you to play >15 yo 420noscopeweed420killer invited you to waste your life time with him in this stupid  game Like rly guys, suck a d*** Like rly do I look like I have nothing to do except playing this  k? I actually have a life Ok I don't have a life :(((( But man even in this state I am now, I wouldn't play it Like rly Just get up, right now. Go near mirror and look at yourself. Is this rly bad? Was it some deep and horrible thing you experienced in childhood that made you mental cripple, or it's like just some disfunction in your brain that makes you rtarded? Pls go think about your life, if you played this  more than 1 hour you have something to think about, man
game-hours: 1312.1
review: You can't call yourself 'gamer' if you've never played this game, seriously!
game-hours: 615.0
review: best game ever
game-hours: 405.0
review: AWESOME! :)
game-hours: 561.0
review: Dota 2: As we are entering the moba territory where the fan bases exist to the extremes, I decided to test out all the moba games that I had access to which was League, HoN, HoTS, Smite and Demigod so that I tested out all games fairly and equally. After playing them all I believe that DOTA 2 is probably the best moba out there if you like strategy and a more grownup moba game. DOTA 2 does well with a focus on each hero being unique and each having their pros and cons to assist the team in their own special ways, so this means that each match will never be the same due to the choices of heroes and peoples playstyles. Its developers and lead designer Icefrog have a focus on balancing every hero on every major update and making sure that no hero is extremely overpowered. The game follows Valves concept of Free to Play games where the only thing up for purchase is cosmetics with nothing that will change or alter the gameplay, the game also has item drops at the end of the matches but at the time of this review the drop rates were changed and its current nigh impossible to even get a single item. The only issue I really see is the issue with some of the servers due to the outsourcing of servers to other companies and their locations. So Ill write down the list of servers that have issues that I know of: SEA (Location: Singapore) (E-Club) - Its a gamble, there is two servers and one is good and one is awful. Sometimes up, sometimes down. Good luck. Japan (Location: Tokyo) (NEXON) - It doesn't exist yet, they are holding it hostage for the past year. US Servers (Valve) - They are currently using Mail Pigeon for packets. (West - Seattle, East - Sterling) Russia (Stockholm) (?) - The server is perfectly fine, the only issue is the distance from Russia to Stockholm causes increase latency -------- Other than some of the server issues you can have loads of fun and you might even pick up the Russian, Spanish, Portuguese or Filipino languages. Dota is a quality gaming addiction and language learner. 10/10
game-hours: 739.4
review: Dota.... Dota has its times where you play with your friends with a max team of 5... However things happe. When alone you are swarmed with Asians, Mexicans, Russians , and maybe even aliens who would know. Also Aliens will watch and learn about the people in this world by peoples name calling and yelling. You will be screamed at by other languages and dont know what is going on. Then you will be in games with blamers that blame everything on you. Filled with racism and Yelling 10/10
game-hours: 2636.4
review: Opened game. Found Match. Chose random. Got Invoker. Told to go mid. Went Midlane. Told to uninstall. Uninstalled.
game-hours: 1906.1
review: lovely game. It's an amazing game - technically outstanding, showing all of Valve's usual polish and attention to detail, especially in the all-important multiplayer aspects. The continual balance tweaks and new heroes combined with the vast amount of content in the game offer countless hours of enjoyment. It's hard to master but good wins with your teammates are incredibly satisfying. It took me a long time to warm up to, but I'm helplessly addicted and every day look forward to getting home to fire this up with my friends. If you can spare the time - play it.
game-hours: 52.4
review: It requires a lot of patience and teamwork other than that, it's an excellent game.
game-hours: 819.6
review: Supporting in dota 2 is like chemistry If it's easy you're doing it wrong
game-hours: 973.1
review: asdasdad
game-hours: 1114.4
review: Pinoy everywhere
game-hours: 10.5
review: Awesome game.
game-hours: 2367.0
review: ''Best strategy''
game-hours: 2367.0
review: ''Best strategy''
game-hours: 1114.4
review: Pinoy everywhere
game-hours: 1310.9
review: ruined my life
game-hours: 973.1
review: asdasdad
game-hours: 4607.7
review: THIS GAME IS SO VERY VERY GOOD FOR ALL OF LIFE PEOPLES IN THIS WORLD.
game-hours: 3294.3
review: DA KAKOVA HUYA BLYA YA NE MOGU VIIGRAT' BLYAT'. PACIMU PROTIV MENYA 5 POTNUH UEBKOV, KOTORIM NA TI4 PORA, A SO MNOY 4 LUCHSHIH VYPUSKNIKA DETSADA "TORMOZOK" BLYAT' Recommended
game-hours: 140.3
review: Don't play a game with such a full of hatred, complainful and dull community. Don't encourage games that are filled with 'people' like this.
game-hours: 63.2
review: take a virtual tour of other countries' military power, namely brazil and russia
game-hours: 2067.8
review: _  GIFF DIRETIDE 2014   _
game-hours: 368.9
review: +f***ed my life +f***ed my mother +f***ed my PC -f2p 9.9/10
game-hours: 63.2
review: take a virtual tour of other countries' military power, namely brazil and russia
game-hours: 2.6
review: Played game, picked support got one shot walked to lane, got one shot, cycle continued of me getting one shot until my team carried me to victory. Was told to uinstall, happily uninstalled, would not recommend.
game-hours: 1310.9
review: ruined my life
game-hours: 899.0
review: THIS GAME SO FANTASTIC , AWESOME . YOU ALL MUST TRY THIS! This game maybe can make you move from the other game HIGH QUALITY GRAPHIC , HIGH RESOLUTION , really enjoy this game so much you must try it . At least 1 time , like me i try it 1 time then i play night by night , i swear this game i recommended so much! ENJOY IT MY FRIEND
game-hours: 2117.3
review: WAR ALL THE TIME AND GOT RAMPAGE AHAHAHA
game-hours: 555.2
review: Played Dota 1 tryiong Dota 2. Its Amazing
game-hours: 86.8
review: In this game you can play as a guy who beats up mages as a guy who beats up invisible people as a guy who doesn't beat up anyone because he's just an energy ball and get angry because there's only russians and chileans and the mother ers just ruin everything and you want to be a good player once in your life but you can't BECAUSE JUAN STOLE YOUR FARMING WITHOUT ANY SHAME WHEN YOU NEEDED MONEY THEN YOU COMPLAIN AND HE SAYS "asco" AND QUITS THEN YOU CRY AND TRY TO FIND ANOTHER MATCH JUST TO FIND JUAN AGAIN OR PACO ALWAYS FREAKING PACO
game-hours: 213.6
review: cool game, better than that lol  :)))
game-hours: 1752.5
review: this game is great because it makes you hate everything
game-hours: 1101.0
review: A GAME OF STRATEGY AND TEAMWORK! NICE GAME! its not actually a nice Community but hey there are no games with people who doesnt have bad attitudes.
game-hours: 1142.4
review: Throughout your time in Dota 2, you will hate your teammates, be hated by your teammates, ruin your friendships, waste countless hours, get reported for no missing, lose game after game, say "volvo pls fix", encounter the level 11 hump, question reality and manage catch every single one of Mirana's sacred arrows. But it's pretty fun so you should play Dota.
game-hours: 768.8
review: Learn russian and many other languages while getting pissed off at a virgin assassin for FREE!!
game-hours: 450.4
review: good game
game-hours: 715.0
review: If u like a team effort game,this is ur game.
game-hours: 1556.2
review: If you want to play a game that makes you wonder if you're actually having fun, then play this. It is more than likely to make you angry than happy
game-hours: 861.9
review: Carefull Russian Everywhere Carefull Pinoy Everywhere Carefull Noob Everywhere Carefull Scamer Everywhere Carefull Rage Everywhere Carefull Low Priority Everywhere 10/10 Would Care Again.
game-hours: 140.3
review: Don't play a game with such a full of hatred, complainful and dull community. Don't encourage games that are filled with 'people' like this.
game-hours: 368.9
review: +f***ed my life +f***ed my mother +f***ed my PC -f2p 9.9/10
game-hours: 239.6
review: My Main Enemies - Pignoy Please Ban Philippines From Playing Dota2
game-hours: 154.2
review: DOTA 2 is great Fair game, Not a Pay-To-Win! game... Mostly you just need to be good and Cooperative :) Luck is most of the time there... You need to have patience and Good plan to win. Good Sets of heroes To Strength,Intellegence and Agility. And you'll find yourself awake 5:00 in the morning after playing in a good game with good players... The game is so Awesome! i'll give it 10/10 Sohinki Thumbs up! :D
game-hours: 2067.8
review: _  GIFF DIRETIDE 2014   _
game-hours: 1386.3
review: Dota 2 > LoL
game-hours: 393.0
review: I really like this game!
game-hours: 1717.0
review: This is the Best Game that i ever played.
game-hours: 1458.4
review: Im broke and Im not doing my school work but at least I got a streak on my Sand King so... 10/10
game-hours: 7241.1
review: This game will leave you with no friends and braindead.
game-hours: 5976.1
review: every game in same map but never get boring :)
game-hours: 1070.1
review: SO THERE I WAS BEING GABEN WHEN MY DOTA 2 HEAD DEVELOPERS CAME IN AND WERE LIKE "WE NEED TO DO MORE THAN ADD CHESTS AND  COSMETICS EVERY ING PATCH" AND I WAS LIKE " YOU" SO THEY WERE LIKE "WHAT ABOUT REGION LOCKING THE RUSSIANS AND BRAZILIANS ?" AND I WAS LIKE " YOU" AND I MADE LOTS AND LOTS OF MONEY I LOVE MY LIFE
game-hours: 3164.6
review: (((9
game-hours: 2.0
review: f
game-hours: 10.0
review: Well there is no need to tell you much about this game. It's just so popular. Many people consider this game as a piece of artwork. True is that it needs a lot of skills to be good in it. To be honest it's just not my type of game, anyway I recommend to try ;)
game-hours: 4260.9
review: I used to have a life..
game-hours: 1344.9
review: <3
game-hours: 1239.7
review: egaiiiii
game-hours: 1900.1
review: ggwp
game-hours: 202.7
review: Dota2 often claimed to be the hardest MOBA there is and that is because the game is very complex, which is why there is a ~10 hour tutorial trying to breakdown the game mechanics into little pieces and if you want to get faster and easier into it you can't avoid watching videos for more tips'n'tricks, which makes this game very time consuming, not to mention that an average game is between 30 and 50 minutes long. However when you dig yourself through the wall of Dota2 and got to the point, where you start understanding what you are doing wrong. Then the game gets very rewarding and fun. Playing Dota2 is a combination of strategy - which hero to pick, where to lane, what items to buy and satisfying combat, one hero usually has 4 abilities and one of them being there ultimate ability, which is the hero's strongest ability, for newbies, there are a lot of hero's with passives and few abilities. Something, which I don't usually mention in reviews, is the voice acting, this game, although it has 108 different characters, has really good voice acting for every single hero. Although the game is getting to get a bit older now, its graphics are definetly up to date and personally I really like the water, it looks really good. Overall if have a lot of spare time and for a very strategic in-depth game go for it! It is free and you have excess to all heroes from Level 0 on. This game gets a 'G' for Good(A>G>O)
game-hours: 614.4
review: Pros : 1) Free 2) most played game on steam guarantees you can play this game 24X7, when the world is asleep, dota players are raging at their noob teammates, or being a noob themselves 3) low system requirements means your 3rd world friend with a  pc/laptop would be able to play the game Cons: 1) Most toxic community of any game, you know you are doing well in the game as a noob if you arent asked to uninstall the game 2) selfish players that take heros that make no sense considering the enemy draft. 5 carry teams or 5 support teams are not too uncommon 3) you are guaranteed to rage at the same noobs that you were when you start getting good at the game. not recommended for heart patients or pregnant woman.
game-hours: 3602.6
review: this is awesome.. but sometimes we got server problem.. but at least this greatest game i ever played
game-hours: 756.8
review: Russians. Russians everywhere.
game-hours: 417.9
review: get ready to get bullied. hard.
game-hours: 129.1
review: Well, I played Dota 2 just 30 Minutes ( 1 Match ), and here's what I think about that Game. Even when people Think or Say that people in Dota aren't Friendly, they're probably wrong, I won't decline the Fact that there are some of them, but Angry Gamers are in every game possible, y' know? Even when I've played with a "plague" of Dota 2 and CS:GO - Russians, I've heard 5-6 Swears and mostly because they were amused. About the Game itself. Gameplay may seem a Bit hard for the First time, but after you Play Tutorial + Some Matches, you'll get familiar with it. It's quite fun and Teamwork-ish, nothing here is Possible without Teamwork ( and Creeps ). Plus, it's this kind of a Games, where you have to be Sliced in a Half, and Complete some Objectives while Farming for Some EXP and Gold. The Match is getting REAL somewhere around 17 Minute of a game, Both teams got Heroes with Special Attacks, new Items, more Creeps. That;s where it starts. When you Bash through a Horde of Creeps and Kill a Sniper who was About to use a Shrapnel, then attack Creeps from Behind and you Push through Towers and even More Creeps with your Teammates. Sadly, but this Game was so Negatively Reviewed for most of the Time, but, everybody has an Opinion, right? Try it out by yourself, you'll Like it.
game-hours: 264.9
review: a fun game with friends :D
game-hours: 3121.9
review: It's worth maybe somewhere between 1000 - 1500 hours, but once you become fairly decent at the game, you realize there's not much to it. it's neither complicated nor possesses too much variety. The most fun portion of this game is irking the other players. Actually, it also becomes fairly monotonous as you find players who don't even know what last hitting is despite attempting to employ advanced tactics. However, the game ios intrinsically bad, not in result of the players. Like I said, once you get somewhere between 1000 - 1500 hours of playing every character, it becomes boring. They end up playing too much like one another. I never feel a difference between playing lion, lina, vengeful, Cm, etc. as support. Sure, the abilities vary, but the use of those abilities don't. You're still going to stun when you need to, you're going to harass when you need to, etc. It's all the same. Unfortunately a majority of people I've met who are actually social are the ones whom I've seen play DOTA frequently.
game-hours: 3629.1
review: this is nice game for me :)
game-hours: 625.3
review: DotA 2; What is there you didn't want in a game? This game; Yes can be frustrating and unforgiving and yes can be hard to get used to, BUT that is the fun in which this game provides you with. You may struggle to survive in the jungle against a five man gank and continuously get slaughtered but as a team and with strategies, you and your team can survive to become the victors at the end of the game. When I first started playing this game I had a hard time getting used to MOBA's and never had seen them before which in turn made it so much more difficult for me to understand what was going on but with the support of my mates I learnt and gradually got better. I would strongly reccommed new players to play a few hours of Bot games first because going online with no experience (like I did) doesn't benifit your team, yes you may win but was it worth all the jeering and crude comments from both your own team for feeding and the opposition for being quite horrible at the game? But MOST importantly you MUST have Fun. Playing a game without having fun makes there no reason to play it.
game-hours: 3637.1
review: Incredibly fun MOBA or ASSS game. Highly recommend checking it out but starting off slow. Don't be turned off by the immature community but rise above and embrace it.
game-hours: 3771.4
review: GOod !!
game-hours: 867.2
review: Extremly rage inducing game, recommended only for ages 12-65. You will be able to learn every aspect of racism and realize what actually "e-" means within DotA 2 i.e Anyone below 3000 MMR is trash tier with a 2 inch  and their opinion is always invalid. DotA 2 is also a pathway for you to be fluent in many different languages such as Chineese, Korean, Thai, Malay, Russian and many others. The secret to climbing MMR is insta-locking the most broken hero in every game. Overall 10/10 game, highly recommended.
game-hours: 768.9
review: ruined my life 0/10
game-hours: 27.5
review: great skill ceiling great competitive scene great player base great use of steam workshop best in its genre
game-hours: 1342.4
review: Causes mood swings, eating disorders, triggered sociopathy and a chronic breakdown of human decency. Also fufills the second language requirement for numerous eastern european universities. 420/10 would play again.
game-hours: 1041.0
review: If you enjoy dedicating your life to this game while at the same time ignoring your family, friends, and any sort of social interaction, then you will certainly enjoy fighting with your teammates over who will support or who will buy courier. By playing this glorious game you will also learn how to speak several languages as for some reason russians and mexicans like to join the US East and West servers when they have servers in their own country. Im sure you are already sold by this point, but just to add on one more thing about this game is that you will also learn how seriously people take this game and realize truly how terrible you are at this game because you are a noob with less than 3,000 hours on a game.
game-hours: 1852.3
review: My least played heroes are some popular badass carries cause no one buys wards and couriers on my team and I have to play support all the time. Wards placing and couriers buying simulator.10/10 Normally people don't speak English on US server while I'm not even a native English speaker and I speak English. Multi-languages bad words learning tools.10/10 The most words you will hear from your teammates are not good try or nice play but OMG THAT XXXXX IS A ING NOOB. REPORT HIM AND FF PLZ Learning the attitude to your teammates like a real loser tool. 10/10 Conclusion: Find 4 nice teammates in order to group up and shout at each other or just play bots game and do kill secure with Dagon while reading others typing really? all the time. And yes, dota2 is not a MOBA game. Dota2 is a hero sets and unusual couriers simulation, which is 10/10 also.
game-hours: 1079.2
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 480.3
review: I like it dota 2... briliant gamer ~!!
game-hours: 57.8
review: Nice game, I think this game better than LOL, it has more details at operation, interesting tools, weather is sprightly, and all hero is free!!! Undoubtedly, DOTA2 is a diversified game, you won't guess what happen in next time! And DOTA2 makes player needs some individual skills, so we can free choice of heroes, not boring EU tactic. In the end, if you are loving DOTA(or MOBA) game, don't missed DOTA2!!!
game-hours: 589.6
review: I love ths game while playng with friends and making new friends
game-hours: 1112.5
review: I've played this game since I was in my highschool, Dota 1 days were surely a jumpstart for me. Now I'm a licensed Interior Designer and I still play this game. In-game items make this game a whole lot more interesting than before. But since I'm a new player, it's sad to know that DYNAMIC PRESENTS are now unavailable. Rendering Old Players an edge of having good set of items while New ones can never have while they level up. So this makes leveling up your dota profile a bit of useless to me. Leveling up a profile knowing that there is no use or benefit can be disappointing at some point. And hopefully soon there will be an AUTOBAN for rude players in-game. Some sort of a "PROFANE" word detection thru out any language. There are a lot of rude and tactless players out there that can most of the time disappoint newbies from playing the game. Not everyone though. But nonetheless, this game is still as awesome for me as it was before in Dota 1. Very nice graphics and enjoyable game. Keep up the good work!
game-hours: 695.3
review: Minecraft clone
game-hours: 1423.2
review: This game is solely responsible for my hatred of the human species. 10/10
game-hours: 706.8
review: Cheaper than a girlfriend Funnier than a girlfriend Easier to manage than a girlfriend i also don't have a girlfriend
game-hours: 742.0
review: this game eats your life, and leave you with nothing
game-hours: 110.6
review: Terrible game for terrible people.
game-hours: 704.1
review: If you can get past the steep learning curve, this is perhaps the most fun game on the planet.
game-hours: 1019.9
review: I have been using several Russian language simulators but it wasnt working for me. Then a friend recommended Dota 2. I had a hard time in the beginning because I hadnt learnt the meaning of the word  yet. Now that I have, a whole world has opened for me! It's so much when except for when u are playing against drow, bloodseeker, axe, viper, sniper, death, pudge or riki. 11/10 would play again
game-hours: 3746.5
review: THE BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 0.9
review: bad
game-hours: 591.4
review: I used to get mad at the flaming and feeding peruvians and brazilians in my games, but now I act just like them.
game-hours: 2080.8
review: 2000 hours atm. I regrest only maybe 10. This is the best game so far.
game-hours: 1.7
review: It will consume your life. You will never play any other game. You will stop talking to your friends and family. You will stop eating, drinking, and going to the bathroom. If you do not value any of these things, this game is for you.
game-hours: 195.1
review: DOTA got me laid in school, This bich was like Oh sheit yu got big dota dikc pls gib me fukc nad i sed k and we fukc'd
game-hours: 1804.5
review: This game is fun and entertaining if you actule have teammates to play with.... Do not play this game solo you will get crushed by partys from opposing team who know how to make combinations with heros... But that is not the worst part of this game, the worst part is the fact that you will most likely get teamed up with Russain players or Spanish who are uncapable of speaking English language at all. I have spent two years in this game trying to find one or two good teammates, but all i found in this game is non English speaking teammates who keep kill stealing and blameing others for their own mistake. This game is no fun for me, its real pain filled with anger and haitred....
game-hours: 3081.9
review: ,    . 10/10
game-hours: 843.0
review: RUSSIANS!
game-hours: 1996.3
review: b jg akak d oro es egmame e le m diver t s m t ediversu mgeraitnda :D :D :D : D :D D D: D :D :ASCVB: !!!! ???????????????
game-hours: 49.9
review: Simply put, this game is misogynitic. It does nothing but further harmful female stereotypes and it celebrates patriarchy and he mental, emotional and mostly physical abuse of women. >all of the female characters are supports >they make less money than the men, and are expected to support the male characters who achieve everything >the one female carry, a strong, independent brown transwoman is banned from tournaments, because her mere existence threatens weak white cishets This is why Dota will never be taken seriously.
game-hours: 317.2
review: Dota 2 is the number 1 free to play game in the Philippines. Pinoy Game Store - safe and convenient transactions for Dota 2 items in the Philippines
game-hours: 0.8
review: i just want to get rid of this game
game-hours: 2260.6
review: This game will allow you to expand your vocabulary and learn other languages while playing. Meet people from all around the third world and learn their fantastic languages as you jolly communicate with them. You'll also find the best matchmaking system ever known to man, that puts you with EVENLY SKILLED PLAYERS no matter what, and a report system that will punish toxic players that trash talk or feed, 10000% guaranteed. In this long escalation of skills you'll find better players as you improve. It's one game you'll never want to stop playing, teamwork, communication and frinedliness are in the order of the day. Greatly recommended to anyone that enjoys teamwork and competitive teamwork oriented games.
game-hours: 2192.8
review: I have stood knee deep in low prio and dead allies' corpses, and filled my lungs with literall sh*t. I have seen a million teammates feed, and have lain with flame wars and copulated with pointless arguments. I have bought wards for my carries. I have murdered dissidents where the pubstomp never ceases to exist, and forced the masses into mass abandonment. A bad Dota player's shadow, burnt into my winrate. A pubstompy lifestealer in the jungle.. The innocent, the innocent people, stomped and ganked and trashtalked and harrassed and outplayed. THIS is your comming century of Dota. They will eat them, and they will make pigs, and chickens, and sheeps of you all! And they will bury their rapiers into your ribs, and they will nuke through your hearts of terasque! Please sir, no, for the sake of your life and faith in humanity..
game-hours: 40.0
review: This is by far one of the worst RPGs or whatever the hell type of game this is, Its overrated, hard to learn, the players are always aresholes, it feels lazly and halfed  put together. If you enjoy being a sane happy person DON'T PLAY THIS GAME!
game-hours: 4746.7
review: I started playing Dota 2 around 2 years ago, at that time it was still at Beta and I would never have expected that this game would greatly affect my life. When I started I did not have any experience and much expectation of the game, due to the genre - it was all new to me, however before trying out the game it took my friends awhile to get into the game because I did not like the fact the game was still at Beta and at that time I was detesting its predecessor DotA due to the fact the gameplay was confusing which it turned me off and also the graphics was years outdated without even trying the game out. I was able to give its successor a chance when a friend of mine introduced the ESports scene within the game community of the genre. I was hooked due to I never have expected that a type of sport has been running for almost a decade which it has been under my radar. I personally was not a fan for Sports in general although after hearing about ESports is completely change my perspective on both of the game and sports. ESports is a term for organized video game competitions, especially between professional. It is known as competitive gaming, professional gaming and cyber sport. The most common video game genres associated with electronic sports are real-time strategy, fighting, first-person shooter, and multiplayer online battle arena. Generally Dota 2 would fall under the MOBA genre due to it consists of session-based online multiplayer matches, in which two teams of five players attempt to destroy their opponents' fortified strongholds known as Ancients. Each player controls a "Hero" character and, over the course of an individual game, focuses on improving their Hero's abilities, acquiring items, and fighting against the other team. Welcome to Dota, You Suck, is a well-known proverb within the DotA Community, which is aimed at new player. In fact is the truth, especially for new to the genre, for the first dozen hours or so, you will be showered with too much information and an often unforgiving community of extremely competitive players. On the other hand if you persevere, Dota 2 becomes one of the most rewarding and tense team-based multiplayer experiences anywhere in gaming. It's an achievement owed to uncompromising depth and complex gameplay, being a free-to-play, and the great features developer Valve has built up around it. That said, you should not expect to have fun on your first day playing... or even your first week. It is due to the unforgiving players within your team which expects you to do your job flawlessly although it is impossible even pro players can make a mistake, however theres a method of this insanity. In order survive in Dota 2 you need to understand every single hero and mechanics and how they interact with one another. Everything from learning to work as a member of a coordinated team to the counter-intuitive practice of killing your own AI units to deny the enemy experience points and gold theyd get from doing it themselves, and understanding the effects of hundreds of complex abilities. There are 102 Dota 2 heroes (and counting) each consist of different abilities and mechanics and serves different roles from each other. For example Riki, is an melee Agility hero in which when he acquire his ultimate at level 6 he becomes permanent invisible, which is an obvious choice for most of new player. However there are various ways to counter an invisble heroes, this can be done by purchasing either a Dust of Apperance, Sentry Wards or Gem of true sight, anyone can purschase these item during a game, making the game more balanced. In addition some heroes has an ability to track an invis heroes for a short period of time. In conclusion, DOTA 2 is fun and challenging and deeply rewarding unlike other games, and despite its vast popularity it still feels like a secret waiting to be discovered. It has clear visuals and more balance gameplay unlike League of Legends and has an incredible longevity
game-hours: 2.9
review: Still better than League of Legends.
game-hours: 5032.6
review: iest game ever seen .
game-hours: 378.9
review: You see... As a true christian, I was raised to to believe the true saviour, gaben. But when I heard about this game I said "This game has everything I need, religion, no sinners and a very casual experience." I praised the lord for this mighty gift from the highest heights of heaven. So, like any other true christian would I decided to play and not stray away from the reightous path, but when I loaded up the game the loading screens were riddled with satanic images and meanings. I was outraged by this atrocity more than when my son told me he had "sinned" by doing some dispicable acts. As Matthew McConau said in chapter 16:9, "Thou hou slay thou demonic presence shou nourish in the heighest points of heaven". So, after I got away from them satanic signs I started to become somewhat suspicious of this game. I pressed play and began to sweat as the jesus juices excreted from my body. I crossed my heart and prayed to God to forgive me for this act of satanism and waited for the match to started. Upon the game starting I was stunned by the amount of pagon rituals and signs that were in the game. I closed my eyes and picked a random hero only to discover something truly horrifying. My beer had run out. My bacon stained, sweat soaked vest had ripped. The russians were here, they were everywhere. My ears started to bleed as the russian flame began. I tried to continue on the righteous path but sin was inevitable. I pressed enter, I started to flame back, my fingers were numb. And then I realised, I had sinned. My heart stopped, I could hear God reaching down to me, but even he could not stop this. I had become the thing I dreaded most (more than a gay person)... A Dota 2 player.
game-hours: 1535.3
review: YES
game-hours: 22.4
review: step 1: be russian step 2: be drunk step 3: yell over  laptop mic step 4: become pro
game-hours: 940.5
review: yeah
game-hours: 4849.8
review: When i first started DOTA2 I was a little overwhelmed, as my first ARTS/MOBA game it was pretty complicated. I soon started to pick up the mechanics like last hitting and denying. Before I knew it, i was performing  and better. I stopped making silly  and  got vastly better and not  the enemy . For the  part, everyone I've met was very helpful and , there  the  k however. As  -y play DOTA2 ce   ,  yee, o   ooa .    y  x!  - -
game-hours: 938.9
review: So awasome game!!!
game-hours: 263.5
review: it is a great game
game-hours: 1941.4
review: Absolutely GG.
game-hours: 499.1
review: -   ,      ,    "". xD
game-hours: 1817.6
review: Only game where you can get yelled at in Russian, shoot a demon with a laser beam, and win a hat all at the same time. 11/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 34.4
review: If you ever wanted to take a thirty inch slong across your face then you'll love this
game-hours: 3412.3
review: do not play this game
game-hours: 1083.8
review: For the low low price of your soul and entire social life in the trash, this game is sure to make you a racist, an , or both (or get your theoretical money back!). So, come now and experience "1 Year Before The Divorce - Simulator", also known as "Dota 2" and "Mother Russia - The Game". ***Surgeon General's Warning: This game is proven to give people social and moral cancer. User discretion is adviced.***
game-hours: 1879.0
review: Best mental training program to be in the military EU. feed - get shouted out and abused very extremely.
game-hours: 3991.2
review: This game ruined my life 11/10
game-hours: 501.8
review: I've been addicted since this was a warcraft 3 mod, and I'm still here. The recent additions of features with TI13 and now TI14 are amazing. No matter what, this will always be one of my favorite games of all time.
game-hours: 282.6
review: Dude, This is just awesome...If you like MOBA well this game is just the right thing for you. And even more, the events and all that happens in the game, is as Cool as the game looks. Hope This Helped... Tchow :)
game-hours: 1894.8
review: Nice graphic, a lot of features to help beginners to adapt with the game if they never play DOTA before. And it's free to play too. Great game.
game-hours: 2493.6
review: Very cool, which is better than Dota 1 and graphic is awesome...
game-hours: 1985.3
review: I've been playing DotA 1 since 2003. I switched to DotA 2 a couple months ago from all my friends shifting over. Here is a short list of pros and cons that I have seen in DotA 2 as opposed to DotA 1. Pros: * Better mechanics, many heros function differently in DotA 1 due to the restrictions of the Warcraft 3 World Editor. * Visually stimulating, DotA 2 has many ways to customize heros, couriers, wards, animations, and more. * Item drops, as opposed to DotA 1, even casual players can end up making some money just by playing. * Spectating * Much easier for new players to learn due to the new system to help starting players. * Builds display on the item panel * Has many events in which additional items can be earned * Has an in game mic system as well as quick toggle phrases. Cons: * Currently doesnt have all the heros or neutral camps that DotA 1 has. * Lacks some of the game modes of DotA 1. * Surprisingly, lacks some of the important mechanics of DotA 1. The most notable one that I can pull off the top of my head is Batriders napalm does not trigger any damage bonus on radiance + veil even when the threshold for doing so is met. * Servers tend to be down for a brief period of time after nearly every update. * Doesnt have as well of a language division as DotA 1. I que US east and west with the language of English in DotA 2; yet 1:3 games, if not more, will have another language. I wouldnt even mind if it was something like Spanish or French, but I am getting everything from Russian, Chinese, Portuguese, Ukraine, Korean, Japanese, and many more that I cant even identify. * Double courier is a lot harder to use in DotA 2, even with hotkeys and grouping. I find this to take away from bottle crowing as well as make it harder for 2 farmers to get their items quickly for they will likely be on the opposite sides of the map. Even if they arent, the offlane will still likely need it to get items to survive. Every game will only have 1 courier unless someone accidentally buys another. Neutral: * DotA 2 has much better pathing and makes it harder to get stuck on unpathable areas. This makes sure you will never stupidly get stuck somewhere, but also takes away from some hero abilities that do move other heroes or yourself. * There is currently no public lobby system. There is everything from private, fiends, guild, etc., but there is no way to host them publicly for anyone to join. * Your computer needs to be decent to run DotA 2. At least 4 GB of ram and a decent graphics card is highly advised. In conclusion, DotA 2 is definitely a f2p game that you should look into. If you have yet to play any MOBA it may seem a bit difficult at first, but it will grow on you. To avoid the initial hate you may come across, I advise having someone assist you with learning the basics or look up some tutorials online. Going into this game with absolutely no knowledge of how this game works is definitely not a good idea. Once you learn the game, it can easily become the most enjoyable strategy game you have ever played.
game-hours: 599.1
review: Dota 2
game-hours: 8.5
review: PLAY DOTKA DRINK VODKA 5/5 recommend
game-hours: 1083.9
review: Meet new players from all over the world! ( They are probably all russian tough ) Lose all your faith in humanity! Great if you have too many friends and you need to lose a few! Meh.
game-hours: 2726.1
review: BLINK DAGGER AGAUGUHAUGUAHUAUHA!
game-hours: 1736.5
review: :D most funny game ever !
game-hours: 1075.8
review: So after 781 hours of this game (up until 8/16/14), a lot of yelling by commendable teammates and dozens of items later, I still enjoy this game. Previously with most games, they get really repetitive and boring after about 200-250 hours but Dota 2 is not one of those kind of games. I would recommend for others as this is an incredible MOBA, but may be difficult to learn for the un-educated. I would not recommend for others to procrastinate from school/uni work. Trust me, I learnt the hard way. All in all, I give it a 10/10. Story Time! Me (Sven) 200 health: Probably should get back Milkman (Ogre) full: Ye, probably should *3 enemies come from nowhere* *thinking I'm going to die anyway* MIlkman: Dude, get back NOW! Me: Na na na, I got this. *I get triple kill (MoM and cleave really pays off) Me: Thats what I thought! Milkman: *speechless* My advice: The impossible is impossible unless the possibility of the impossibility is possible.
game-hours: 619.5
review: I really love this game it is amazing and it can easily lure you toward its addiction and once u start u will never find the time to stop and the time to stop will never come trust me :) I just hate the fact that there is no banning nor option to stop having newbies in your games ... otherwise, I recommend it for everyone :) just plz don't be noobs and ruin our games
game-hours: 61.0
review: good game, amazing strategy and team work game in the world
game-hours: 127.2
review: it's like league of legends with russians
game-hours: 1129.7
review: I've been playing DotA for around 5 years now and everthing about this game seems to be perfect for me ... both the visual effects as well as the gameplay are wonderful experiences waiting to be enjoyed ...
game-hours: 1889.0
review: VERY GOOD STRATEGY GAME I EVER PLAYED WITH MY FRIEND.I ALSO GET TO KNOW THE OTHER PLAYER FROM ITHR REGION LIKE RUSSIAN AND ASIAN.
game-hours: 51.5
review: Studies suggest this game is more addicting than heroin. Free Dota Addiction Hotline: 1-866-925-7411 11/10
game-hours: 3089.0
review: )))
game-hours: 995.5
review: Every game is different, every game is fun. Must play for all MOBA fans.
game-hours: 1704.5
review: HoN < LoL < DoTA
game-hours: 2615.6
review: i love this game very much :)
game-hours: 773.4
review: This is a MOBA game, what else could I say about it? I'm pretty sure you've read a bunch of review upon dota before coming to this review. Getting straight to the point that this game is probably worth playing if you're interested in facing people across the internet who are skilled in tactics and strategy against their opponents within a MOBA like world with a variety of different characters each with their different playstyles.
game-hours: 1423.5
review: Dota 2 is still better than LoL
game-hours: 590.1
review: This game is simply the most thrilling game I have ever played. The combantion of the complex mechanics and the team based gamplay make this one of the best games to play with friends. However this game has many, many side effects such as..... Trash Talking anybody on your and the enemy teams, Lose alot of sleep, any money that you have will be spent on usless cosmetics such as skins, hudskins and announcers. You will not eat any food as Dota is more important, you will learn to hate every member of your team or the enemy team that is from eastern europe (mostly the russians) as they suck balls at dota, everybody else on your team will apear worse than you and you will want to kill them with a blunt object. these are just some of the reason to play the amazing game that is DotA 2!
game-hours: 1708.7
review: Dota 2 is great, 10/10 for people that are wanting to learn Korean, Russian, Spanish and French. The players on here really understand you and have a great warm feeling towards you playing with them. Your team will always have a Russian in, so you can learn Russian and play the game!
game-hours: 529.5
review: Great RTS. If your a fan of League of Legends you'll be addicted to this game. Plus it's free, so why not?
game-hours: 26.1
review: Meh.
game-hours: 776.2
review: I love lamp
game-hours: 1439.6
review: recommended to play since it got better graphic than dota 1 that we play on battle net
game-hours: 1543.6
review: Learn Russian in about 500 hours with this easy language software!
game-hours: 1026.2
review: This game supports my theory that 60% of the world's population is mentally handicapped, at any given time. Would rage again.
game-hours: 1790.4
review: Game bad Full of russia Bad game Not play
game-hours: 68.3
review: Really good fun to play, You have so many choices to play the role you like best. This game really gives you the freedom to do what you wanna do the way you want to do it :) You do get a lot of useless players in this game who spend the whole time sitting in spawn flaming you, but if you look past that, you can actually find a great community within this game!
game-hours: 1031.7
review: This game almost made me forget what real, human breasts look like.
game-hours: 3748.3
review: um yeah if u like dying every day on the inside
game-hours: 3164.6
review: Pay real money for loot.
game-hours: 526.5
review: I started off hating this game due to its massive learning curve, and quite frankly that is a good thing to hate about it, some people don't want to dedicate a lot time of to ONE game, that's understandable. I put 10-15hrs into it across a few weeks and then uninstalled it. A year later I jump back into the game and gave it an ACTUAL try. They added a tutorial, after I finished that; learning a few things along the way, I starting playing easy bot practices with a few easier heroes. The game's less complicated than it is on surface, once you get going certain things quickly become easier, however certain things take a long time to learn which is where its learning curve comes into play. That's where a lot of people (including myself at a point) are put off by this game, LoL is an easier alternative. But once you break past those first few (horrible, death filled) matches of you being confused as hell and making a ton of mistakes the game really starts to shine. You see the depth the game contains, the tactics. You start to get sucked in (if you're anything like me.) You start finding heroes that suit your tastes. THAT is where the game shines. Once you've put about 30hrs in you're probably bored of bot matches, so public matches here you come. This is where the game is the best, and also where it's the worst. The game can get very intense, if you're with the right people; a lot of teamwork will come into play. But (especially for a newbie) this is where the game is at it's worst. The community in this game is among the worst I've ever seen. You will be yelled at for making minor (or major) mistakes, for some reason they don't realise you're new, and they were to at some point. You have to start somewhere with Dota, so with all of the above in mind, do you want to start?
game-hours: 164.1
review: I dont get this game, it's like Civilization, every one picks one of the 108 country but it's a 5v5 game. The diplomatic exchanges with your team mates are limited because you can trade a limited amount of luxuries and you have to spend a big amount of gold to upgrade your country, there is no research feature, also the spying are realy limited as you can only place "wards" (wich replace spys in this game) on the map but they are usless. They are city states but they just stand here and hit what's in range and never come to help you when you are far from them. Finaly there a only 3 era (early, mid and late) but it dont change much the gameplay and some country are too OP in the late era and you can't buy atomic bomb to nuke them 2/10, this game lacks a lot of content to pretend to be a Civlization-Like
game-hours: 1460.4
review: This is a game that will quene you with people that have 40% of your Hours played. This game will show you the worst scum of the worst and will favor them in a Trial. This  game will show you that in this Cyber world, there is a hell, and you are in it once you start palying rankeds. This game will take away your will to get better at it by throwing hords of Russians, Peruvians, s and whatnot who speak only their Native language, but start playing a Ranked in which team Coordination and Communication are a MUST. This game will take away your hopes of a normal Match and it will leave you with a bad taste in your mounth once you lose a game by being the only one that did his job right and is not feeding. Overall i give this  game a 4/10, the game itself is worth at least a 9, but when you put Russians and  of the entire world together without putting them in their own servers or restricting them by their gameplay, this is what you get, people that cannot communicate and play together to win. I promise you, this games community will make you loose all hope in Humanity and in everything that is good, if youre unlucky, you will end up as one of them. I, for this matter, am abandoning this ship, after 1,3k hours played i finally figured, this game is being ed by its own community because it fails to set up people who can communicate, i might come back and play it once valve makes people stay in their respective regions by creating dedicated servers ( Like LoL ) but untill then, i will no longer participate in this Shitfest. Thank you and good luck trying to make something out of this game, you will need it. (FYI, im pretty sure there are some typos and grammatical errors but i dont really bother checking them right now) Regards, Steve, a once diehard Fan of this game who was hoping Valve would do something about the Community but was dissapointed over and over again.
game-hours: 660.3
review: DotA = Waaaay better than LoL
game-hours: 1329.1
review: cka
game-hours: 1681.7
review: If you want to learn different languages, this is the game for YOU. (Comes with extra "Russian language" package) P.S. Phantom Lancer ruined my dota life. Play at your own risk... 10.01/10
game-hours: 1790.5
review: I am done with this .
game-hours: 1188.3
review: 10/10 Learned Russian for free. Still better than the average School.
game-hours: 1711.8
review: Do not play this game. I REPEAT DO NOT PLAY THIS ING GAME. Where do I start, I have so many hours because of what I call the brutal process. This process is that you think this game is great because "oh its a moba game", "oh lots of heros to play" "oh it's a professional game, with mature players".  YOU THIS GAME WILL DRIVE YOU TO INSANITY! YOU WILL MEET THE MOST STUPID PEOPLE ON THE PLANET IN THIS GAME (LITERALLY) EVER SINGLE ING PERSON NOT FROM THE USA BUT IS CLOSE ENOUGH TO CONNECT TO IT PLAYS ON IT! SO YOU HAVE ING PERUVIANS, MEXICANS, AND ALL THE LATIN COUNTRIES PLAYING ON THIS  USA SERVER! EVERY TIME YOU PLAY THIS GAME YOU 1. LEARN ANOTHER LANGUAGE 2 BECOME SO PUT DOWN YOU WANT TO KILL YOURSELF 3. PLAY ON A BROKEN  MMR SYSTEM THAT JUDGES YOUR SKILL BY WINNING OR NOT, LIKE WTF ITS A 5 TEAM GAME IS MY PERSONAL SKILL EVEN NOTED IN THE RANK SYSTEM ! RUN WHILE YOU ING CAN DON'T PLAY THIS GAME.  YOU GABE  ICEFROG  VALVE  DENDIMEN
game-hours: 718.4
review: Heroes of WHAT? League of WHAT? Sorry, what was that? I can't hear you clearly over THE AWESOMENESS OF DOTA.
game-hours: 13.5
review: Alright, listen up. Instead of being sarcastic and writing a funny review that jabs at russians, I'm going to tell you how Dota 2 really is at it's core. In a nutshell Dota 2 is a great game, but a terrible experience at the same time. You want to keep going back to it, but you also hate to go back. Why? One word: community. Dota 2's community is for the most part rude and hateful (and undeniably filled with russians who refuse to speak any other language than that of their own), sapping the joy out of this otherwise polished and addicting MOBA. It's unfriendly to beginners and the basic mindset is to belittle anyone who makes a mistake. Make one wrong move and you are called a noob right away... at the best of times. Often it's much worse and I would prefer not to go into the details. Sometimes you get a crapstorm of hate and blame even if you haven't actually done anything wrong. Occasionally though you come across friendly players, and when that happens, the game is a pure joy to play. However, since the game is 5v5, coming across four nice players at the same time (if you're solo queueing) is a rarity. Why then have I played the game for over 2000 hours? The sensation of winning. Your determination to keep playing, despite of the discouraging community, is fueled by the fantastic sensation of winning. That sweet moment when you see the enemy Ancient blow up and look back on the match, remembering all the plays and teamwork that lead you to victory is ever so gratifying. But even a victory can come with a grain of salt. Many times you have rude teammates that rage in the chat even when your team is winning. There is a mute option, but that doesn't stop the bad manners that extend outside the chat. People can intentionally feed the enemy team, ignore their own team, teamkill with some abilities and just generally be a bad player. It's really frustrating and the worst part is it happens all the time. Going ranked doesn't really solve the problem either, at least not completely. Ranked matchmaking is a more serious type of mode in Dota 2 that ranks you based on how well you do and finds opponents of equal skill. It feels much more professional and "tryhardish". Although you meet nice players more often, nothing stops the rude players from jumping over the fence and playing ranked aswell. Having played some matches in ranked, I can say the mode isn't "hate free". I had some of the worst matches in regards to teammates in that mode. Another problem with ranked is that, like I said, it's more "tryhard". Many just want to play the game casually and not have to worry about ranks and such. But don't get me wrong, Dota 2 is a great game in itself. The core mechanics are spot on and gameplay flows well. No technical issues to speak of (not counting the occasional missing texture bug or so, of which I have had none myself). Graphics are great and have a very subtle water painting type feel to them. All the various spells and abilites look great. The game is very deep and complex with tons of items, skill and item builds and strategies to learn. It can be a bit terrifying to beginners, but once you get the hang of things it's engaging. All the playable heroes are well balanced (although there is always some debate on a couple specific heroes being "OP") and free to play from the start. That's another thing the game does right. All the heroes are free and playable from the start, unlike Dota 2's undeniably very successful competitor, League of Legends. Dota 2's microtransactions focus on purely cosmetic stuff, which means there are zero "pay to win" elements in the game. It really falls unto you to decide whether if you want to suffer the rude community for the sake of playing this great game. To put it roughly in perspective, it's like playing Skyrim, but having someone stand next to you the whole time yelling at you for every mistake you make, calling you a "fooping idiot" every time you miss an arrow or fail a quest objective. Failed to kill Alduin? "Uninstall Skyrim, noob." Don't know how to make dragonbone armor? "Learn to play, tard." It's like that. Having played the game as long as I have, I would say that you are better off not playing Dota 2. The game is fun when you're winning (because people tend to rage less when your team is doing fine)... which is 50% of the time. Sometimes not even when you're winning. It isn't the losses that make the game unpleasant, it's the unfriendly people. If you're one of those people who can just calmly ignore everything rude being said at you, you have a better chance of not finding Dota 2 so terrible. But realistically, why should you even have to? Videogames are supposed to be a form of entertainment and when you can't have fun half of the time, the game isn't worth it. People will tell you that Dota 2 is great, but that greatness comes with a price. Do take in notice that this is all coming from a solo player point of view. This review is meant mainly to those who are likely to play the game alone most of the time and want to know what it's really like, not just the great things. If you have four friends who you can play with on a regular basis, then you're golden. The game is at it's best when you play with friends and don't have to worry about getting "a stick in the mud" player on your team. Great game with a bad community.
game-hours: 1160.8
review: If you live with your mother, smoke pot, watch wrestling, cant vote, and love The Cramps or have a big brother who does, you will likely have a blast with this game.
game-hours: 1718.1
review: Hi, I am a 30 year old man with autism and clinical depression and a receding hairline and a micropenis. I am hoping to raise money for a sex change to become an anime girl with pinku (pink) hair. In order to earn the required money I will become a professional Dota 2 player and compete at the International 5. That is my dream. Sorry for my perfect English (due to my autism).
game-hours: 911.0
review: THIS GAME HELPS YOU LEARN NEW LANGUAGES I learned Russian and Spanish because of this Better language learning program Rosetta Stone, and it's free!! This program uses the efficient Strategy of frustration, anger, idiotic people, raging, and loss in hope of humanity. 10/10 would dota again
game-hours: 429.6
review: Love spending my free time with ah bengs pinoys
game-hours: 137.5
review: Uninstall.
game-hours: 975.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 1758.6
review: This type of game is disgusting and its Jewish propaganda like this thats gonna cover the world in darkness and signal the beginning of the Rapture. I just hope all the sinners supporting this evil spawn of Satan (Gabe Newell) will be safe when the time comes for judgement 0/10
game-hours: 1941.2
review: cykablyat/10
game-hours: 5.1
review: I think I'm better off with the uninstall button.
game-hours: 2778.1
review: Rosetta stone 2.0 This amazing program allowed me to understand South American languages and most european languages except I am still trying to learn Cantonese because I only know Mandarin because I was born in China. Thank you Valve :).
game-hours: 746.0
review: A fun game all about wandering into a forest, figuring out what every button on your keyboard does, and then murdering a bunch of wizards. 10/10
game-hours: 1974.7
review: If dota 2 was a giant weiner id let it bend me over and F me hard.
game-hours: 1070.2
review: Is this League of Legends?
game-hours: 583.5
review: I love this game I'm so addicted to it. Its what I look forward to on the weekends. I could just spend hours on hours if my scedule allowed me. Volvo you've really out done yourself on this one. I also llove the 6.82 Bloodseeker "w" abillity.
game-hours: 971.4
review: Defense of the anciets is defnitely one of my personal favourite games. Sure it has a a steep learning curve and competition can be brutal, with the occasional rager :wink:, but it will make you come back for more...Highly enjoyed by friends
game-hours: 1629.2
review: Alcohol not only gives you the ability to talk to girls but it also gives you the ability to write reviews so this is my review while drunk. I like this game because yes.
game-hours: 1223.6
review: Regret
game-hours: 3208.1
review: Addictive game.
game-hours: 2077.2
review: Excellent game. But be warned, It will ruin your life.
game-hours: 1280.6
review: Too easy.
game-hours: 341.2
review: no just no
game-hours: 3047.6
review: The absolutely best language tool ever designed. All you have to do, is to select which Russian server you want to queue in. Only side effect is your transformation into a racist on the level of a KKK Kligarpp.
game-hours: 1578.8
review: Have family in Brazil or Mexico ? Come join the online sensation Dota 2 ! The matchmaking is perfect for family who are seeking allies they can communicate with, and the best part is, Volvo is not bringing region lock, so worry not about losing communication with your loved ones in Brazil, they are here to stay !
game-hours: 5.4
review: Ruined my friends life
game-hours: 2401.4
review: Choose from a wide variety of sober russian servers filled with english speaking brazilians and enjoy your blame game! Would play, vodka/taco!
game-hours: 4831.2
review: Dota 2 was the final, fatal blow to what was left of my social life. Now I just play meepo and rage at peruvians.
game-hours: 604.7
review: If you like playing with the most condescending, hateful, intolerable, and reprehensible scum of the entire universe, play Dota 2. Still better than LoL. 10/10 *Only thing that can make me achieve an erection
game-hours: 292.2
review: A Really nice game that you can play alone or with friends
game-hours: 2442.0
review: This is the worst game I have ever played in my life. I can't stand a second playing this game because it's graphic's are garbage and I rather die than play with all the loser's with no life on this game. This map is repetative and is really starting to get stupid. The creator's must have half a brain to think people would even like this game at all due to how bad it is and how much they want you to pay to buy a stupid item in the shop. I rather buy hello kitty island adventure than buy these worthless pathetic item's in the shop that DO NOTHING AT ALL. Suicide sound's more fun than this game.
game-hours: 4727.3
review: Horrible game, I hate it...... yet I still play every night..... hmmm
game-hours: 1541.0
review: Magic sucks and no fun shall be had.
game-hours: 3633.6
review: This game has heroes.
game-hours: 2305.8
review: Best apps to learn how to swear in Indonesian, Filipino and Russian!!
game-hours: 2023.4
review: DONT PLAY THIS GAME, THIS IS A BAD GAME
game-hours: 1816.6
review: lolsgay
game-hours: 734.7
review: Git gud plis.... 11/10  simulater 2014 10/10 Rage simulater 2015 11/10 Would bang... forget that last one... yea awk...
game-hours: 852.3
review: the new drop system is not fair. I didn't get any drop from last two level ups whereas all m friends recieved good sets and items in drop
game-hours: 1548.7
review: Teaches you how to swear in russian. 10/10
game-hours: 0.9
review: It's like kawaingpieceofdogshit.
game-hours: 2095.6
review: Dota 2 is a good revolution game from Defence of the Ancient, creativity, workshop, community and etc. Back to old day we might play only with friends and local country server but nowaday dota 2 have major server which is connected to international. Indeep, I would recommend to play dota 2, it's good Lan & Strategy game, defence your throne to win your game
game-hours: 387.0
review: This game is stupid
game-hours: 2.7
review: HA GAAAAAAAYYY!
game-hours: 1698.7
review: Good Game Rate Up +
game-hours: 3689.1
review: good game 10/10
game-hours: 2571.4
review: amazing game
game-hours: 160.1
review: It's great. If you want to learn russian this is the way to go. You can choose in which russia you want to play. I prefer to go EU East (Russian Colony). Very nice community all very friendly and social soviets. IGN: 69/69 would play again!  .
game-hours: 1447.2
review: Best Multi[P]layer game ever... love this game soooooooooo much <3
game-hours: 2561.0
review: ed up my life Thumb up
game-hours: 1252.4
review: play this game for 24hours per day. 7days per week. And your father will not consider you as his son anymore.
game-hours: 385.2
review: This game is super
game-hours: 1888.6
review: Dota 2 is a multiplayer game (though you can play against bots). There are two teams of five players - the Radiant, and the Dire. Each player picks from a list of many characters, each with a different set of abilities. The two teams start on opposing sides of the map (there's only one map in the game). Each team has a base area, in which resides an "Ancient". From each base, creeps - these autonomous NPC creatures - spawn periodically in waves, and start a journey toward's the other teams base. Towers are scattered around the map that will automatically fire on any enemy unit. The goal for each team is to destroy the other team's Ancient, while defending their own. Hence: Defense of the Ancients. Sounds simple - but there's a lot more to it than this. Imagine the game starts and both teams just stay in their own base. Creeps from both teams will wander out from one base and head to the other, meeting somewhere in the middle of the map, where they will fight (again, they do this automatically without any player input). The creeps are evenly matched so typically they will both wipe each other out. The next wave of creeps will clean up anything left over - or they'll reach a tower, and get smashed by it - and the cycle will continue. Basically, nothing will happen - the game will not end, because the creeps can't get anywhere. Now imagine just one player from one of the teams goes out with his creeps. He can attack the enemy creeps, and support his own creeps as they make their way across the map, knocking down towers along the way. Eventually, he'll get to the enemy Ancient, and be able to destroy it. But if just one enemy player comes out to meet him, the teams will be more evenly matched - and it comes down to a player versus player (PvP) scenario. The PvP is, of course, the heart of the game. It is of a high level of complexity - the learning curve is quite steep, making it challenging for noobs, which is one of the reasons why the community was famed for being full of what I will euphemistically call "short tempered people". One player who doesn't know what he is doing can easily bring down the whole team. The complexity comes from two main parts - first, the sheer number of selectable characters in the game. At the time of writing, there are 102 characters - with more added periodically as the game is updated. Each character has four different abilities (sometimes more) that are active (requiring the user to press something to make them go) or passive (they just operate automatically). The abilities are character-specific, though there are common elements between them. Some of the abilities require chaining to use them effectively, and each ability is leveled individually as your character earns experience. After you've done the maths and figured out how many different abilities there are between all the characters - and thought about how long it would take to become familiar with even a small handful of them - consider that in addition to that, there are over 120 different items that you can equip your character with. Items can perform new actions or augment your existing ones (again, they are active or passive in nature). Oh yeah - each game takes a long time to finish - around 45 minutes is pretty common. You will never get away with saying "I'll just have a quick game of Dota" to your significant other - at least, not once they've put up with you playing it a few times. So - learning curve. Big one. Time investment (or sink, if you prefer). Big one. Especially when you're trying to play with other people and they're abusing you for not knowing what you're doing. But the real question is - is it worth it? I've clocked up almost 400 games (and there's still some characters I haven't played). I'm not turning pro any time soon, but have a reasonable handle on the fundamentals. My win rate is about 50%, which seems to be fairly normal. Losing is often traumatic, especially after you've lost a couple of long 45-60 minute games in a row, or you're saddled with random teammates in the matchmaking who are abusive idiots (or just bad). But the games that are good - they're really good. With so many combinations and different ways to exploit them, the level of satisfaction when you're playing with friends and manage to co-ordinate a five-person push on a tower, laying down that perfect combo that takes advantage of all your abilities, wiping out the other team.... well, that's what keeps me coming back for more. Not only that, but once you've invested a bunch of time and gotten over some initial learning humps, it's genuinely fun exploring the different characters and item combinations. There are always new builds to try and new items to buy. I've gone through several "favourite characters", depending on which new ones I've played recently and how well they worked out with my natural play style and with my teammates. Even after around 400 hours of gametime, I still have more to explore. I do, however, only really enjoy playing the game with my friends. I've tried a few games "solo", just picking up teammates using the matchmaking service, and I find this massively less fun. It's less engaging because I typically don't like to communicate with randoms via voice, and your chances of picking up toxic players are increased. I've had good games with randoms, but generally don't bother playing unless my mates are online. As with all reviews, this one attempts to help answer the question: "should I buy this game?". Well, good news - Dota 2 is free. It has just come out of a long invite-only beta period, so your actual financial investment in whether or not you should get into the game is zero. But there are two big questions you need to ask yourself: 1. Can I justify the amount of time I need to get decent at this game before I start enjoying it? Make no mistake, the learning process for this game is An Ordeal. If you're prepared to spend many hours reading guides and playing with bots until you can beat them on a reasonable difficulty - maybe 10 games? - then that's a good start. If you've got mates that are happy to babysit you then that's good - but note that most of them will not want to do this because it almost certainly means they'll be losing (a lot) while you're still struggling with the basics. The best way to approach it is to read some guides - I recommend Welcome to Dota, You Suck - and play with bots until you can beat them on Hard, reliably, with one character. Then find some friends who are happy to play with you knowing your noob status, and play some games online with them. The more friends the better; if you're matchmaking with randoms they will probably be less tolerant. 2. Why is it free? I seriously can play this without paying anything? Dota 2 is built on the "freemium" model. It's free to play, and you can purchase in-game items for money. By giving the game away, Valve hope to make more money selling in-game items than if they'd charged for the game. This is an increasing trend - so get used to seeing it more, especially for games with a strong network effect (i.e., anything with multiplayer). The things you can buy for Dota 2 are basically adornments for the characters. For example, you can outfit them with new armour, or a new sword, or some new spell effects, that are different from the stock-standard one that they come with. You can get some of these for free - they'll randomly drop at the end of games - but the good ones for your preferred characters you'll have to shell out for. It's very important to note that these items are purely decorative and have no impact on the gameplay at all. You can't pay money for a new sword that does more damage - it just looks different. This is critical and stops the game from becoming a silly pay-to-win thing. If you're a content creator, you can also create your own stuff and sell it in the store (splitting revenue with Valve).
game-hours: 2743.7
review: Super awesome game. All the coke I've snorted to stay awake and keep playing is testament to how awesome it is. Fun to an infinite power. 10/10
game-hours: 2339.5
review: not a childs game
game-hours: 1232.7
review: I like this game because I feel more alive when playing this game
game-hours: 557.6
review: Everyone is incredibly predjudiced to Supports... "YOU'RE A SUPPORT! YOU DON'T NEED LAST HITS" "IDC THAT I HAVE MONEY FOR A COURIER! IT'S YOUR JOB" "YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO STAND BACK!!! NOT COME AND FIGHT THINGS" "YOU DONT NEED THAT REGEN RUNE! I WANTED IT" "WHY DIDN'T YOU USE YOUR CLARITY ON ME!?!?!!" "YOU SHOULD'VE USED YOUR HEALING SALVE ON ME!" "I WAS GOING TO KILL THAT GUY! YOU STOLE HIM FROM ME"
game-hours: 2009.2
review: AWESOME
game-hours: 2768.2
review: It will drain your soul. In a bad way.
game-hours: 2506.8
review: To fully illustrate what makes DOTA one of the most compelling multiplayer games of all time, it helps to have a bit of background on the game itself. DOTA has its roots as a Warcraft 3 modification. Warcraft 3 introduced a unique mechanic in its campaign and multiplayer modes of "hero" units - units that actually gained experience points, abilities, and items as the game progresses. This really made it feel like you had an investment in these units, and you grew attached to them. To a degree these hero units, effectively commanders of your army of relatively disposable units, became your avatar in-game. It was a brilliant concept, and DOTA took it a step further. DOTA created a multiplayer mode that focused *exclusively* on playing these hero units - it removed the base building and unit management seen in the standard RTS format. It's one of the best examples of "less is more" than I've ever seen, and that description hardly does it justice. Managing your individual hero and your income, position on the map, constant decision making, and being able to size yourself up versus your enemy brings more depth than any other game I've ever played. I've yet to play any other multiplayer game where *every* member of your 5-man team is crucial to your victory. Everyone must do their part, and do it better than the other 5-man team. There are very few cases of where a game can be winnable 4v5, and teamwork becomes a huge factor. In the most intense and close games, the level of immersion really can't be matched. It's hard to think of another game that draws you in more than DOTA, especially when other people are counting on you to do well! It's a hectic, stressful, enormously complex and in-depth experience - not to mention absurdly fun. This is what keeps me coming back, and I'd recommend it to anyone looking to really experience what multiplayer gaming can truly offer. If you're new to the game and want some background on specific heroes and strategies, or just want to watch some gameplay, be sure to check out my YouTube channel. Thanks for reading!
game-hours: 715.5
review: love dota2
game-hours: 1065.2
review: hi
game-hours: 552.3
review: very very good game and addicted so much in this game nice!
game-hours: 683.9
review: Made me racist 10/10
game-hours: 771.2
review: i gotta say if i said there was ever a better game id be lying 2/10
game-hours: 4797.0
review: this is not just a game, this is a masterpiece, somewhat reminds me of wheel, television, toilet and another human great inventions...
game-hours: 7698.6
review: 3,000+ hours on dota and this is my 3rd steam account. and i've been playing dota 1 for 3x the hours i've spent on dota2. if you're looking to ruin your life, 10/10 would recommend!
game-hours: 2469.6
review: There are alot to say about Dota (Defenders of the Ancients).It's a remake of the "old" Dota mod for Warcraft. Actually i could say that the transition from Dota->Dota 2 gameplay was amazing,they didn't forgot a single thing and added even more than original Dota.The game got amazingly cool graphics and a great Soundtrack.The menu organisation are very simply and easy to understand to all new players.Valve really cares about your learning in Dota2 so they've made a "Learning" page where they "teach" you how to play better by making you a recommendation of the best items (Dota 2 have in stores always recommended items for you to purchase for each hero),because Dota 1 didn't had that option,so you need to now by your experience what to buy.They have videos where they show you each skill of each hero and it does.If you also want you can play with tips in your game if you need more help and also ask a more "professional" player to teach you (it's called coach),he will spectate your game and make you tips. The gameplay is amazing,i love it because it's very realistic and logic (dota 2 got a lot of logic,instead mobas like lol don't have).The art of Heroes are sorry but i'll repeat it,are amazing,everything is amazing in dota (almost) xD Still dota got some problems that need to be corrected: 1st-The community.Dota 2 community is full of stupid noobish kids,who don't know how to play and don't even learn how to play,and when you say them don't feed or other item,they'll always say to you fuc...you,noob,i've fuc.. your mother...(typical answer of russian 12 y.o kids). 2-Some updates that don't needed to be done (like removing the pudge fountain hook,because it had a lot of logic....and they removed it).but nevermind to this. 3-I can't tell you if Dota2 still got many bugs or not,but i notice that they still have a few,like shop bug where you can't buy items. 4-Servers.I don't know why but it's normal to have the servers down in dota2,and sometimes in the game will appear "Searching for Dota2 Network",don't know why this happens but probably their servers can't hold so much people?(my opinion). So yeah thats pretty what i've wrote.I hope you play this game and like it and enjoy as i do. Good Luck & Have Fun :)
game-hours: 985.3
review: DOTA 2 is amazing. One of the best MOBA around. It needs a lot of practice to be mastered, but if you play MOBAs, then it is for you. 8.5/10
game-hours: 505.9
review: awesome
game-hours: 2942.4
review: Very good game Must play it...
game-hours: 1386.0
review: DOTA 2 is a fun and challenging game where you and 4 mentally challenged people fight off against 5 high skilled players, the main objective of the game is to defend your base from the enemies for as long as you can (since no one on your team will try to attack the enemy base anyway). You can also yell at your teammates for trying to 1v5 , or farming the jungle while your team dies! Communicating and working together is crucial in this game to get the high score for "Longest time trying to carry your team" You can choose from a wide selection of really well-made and balanced heroes like Huskar and Death Prophet. You fight the enemy heroes on "Lanes", pathways across the maps where your creeps spawn and try to attack the enemies on the other side of the river, people refer to these lanes as Top, Bot, and Mid or feed. You can also tell your teammates that the enemies on your lane are missing, warning them about a possible gank, but for some reason that function doesn't seem to work. Last - hitting creeps and enemy heroes grant you gold, but keep in mind that no one on your team besides you has the ability to do that . Getting kills or good items only help you defend against the enemies longer, since the result will ALWAYS be the same! DOTA 2 is also a very educational game, yes! From Russian to Spanish, you will expand your vocabulary greatly! It also teaches you new ways to break your keyboard and monitor everytime you play!  YOU, DOTA  YOU
game-hours: 953.9
review: the best free game ever XD
game-hours: 1948.5
review: ya this game is very awsome, i play 7hr in one day
game-hours: 1165.5
review: Dota 2 accommodates me... especially in trading...
game-hours: 4369.3
review: This game will absolutely ruin your life
game-hours: 783.7
review: Russian communication simulator 2014
game-hours: 1416.2
review: This game has ruined my entire life. Im pissed constantly, Im sadistic, y and on top of that im beginning to think Im a sociopath who can literally turn a child inside out and unironically listen to Nickelback. ing 10/10 would play another 1000+ hours of.
game-hours: 2.7
review: The beta was fun... Now? This game makes me want to slay the Russian Federation. End of story.
game-hours: 6.1
review: Not League of Legends.
game-hours: 4369.3
review: This game will absolutely ruin your life
game-hours: 4.0
review: Very similar to League of Legends, although I haven't played League of Legends. Been looking at gameplay of the two and Dota 2 looks better overall. If your contemplating getting one of the two I would suggest Dota 2, played a bit of it and the people I was with didn't mind that I was a bit of a 'noob'. So from what i've experienced, the Dota 2 community is the complete opposite to the League of Legends community. Anyways; about the game. The game seems very competitive; as a new player you will encounter various players who are way better than you. First game I played two of my opponents had 0 deaths at the end of the game and a fair few kills (We did win though). You also will get loads of team mates who sit in the spawn; AFK, this is because they are just there to get the exp at the end and cant be bothered with the game. Why get the game to be AFK, and you are not contributing by doing so. Basically, you help the minions on whatever side you are on make their way to the enemies base. Pick one of three paths and guide the endlessly spawning minions down your path where you will destroy two enemy towers. The other paths will have your team mates on who SHOULD be supporting the minions on their path. You will encounter enemy packs of minions which will usually have a player supporting them. (As I said; a lot of them will be better than you). You earn exp whenever you are around and helping your minions kill other minions. You also get exp for killing other players. You will level up which lets you upgrade your 4 abilities which are all useful in different ways. You slowly earn gold randomly which can be used to buy various items. You have to find a merchant in the middle of the forest if you want to purchase the best items. You also earn more gold from getting killing blows on minions and enemy players. The game does take some stratergy so you must develop your specific playstyle while also contributing to your teams gains. Dont try to take someone elses playstyle if they are beating you with it as you will not be able to pick it up quickly. If you like the sound of this game then I really recommend getting this game as it can be addictive. There are people with over 4000 hours on this game; theres your proof on the addicting thing. It is very fun with friends.
game-hours: 1236.7
review: Juego burda e criminal lo recomiendo 101% pa los convis HABLAO
game-hours: 2288.4
review: please pick a support and it will be a good game for us... xD
game-hours: 1948.5
review: ya this game is very awsome, i play 7hr in one day
game-hours: 944.2
review: this game so awsome1!1
game-hours: 2596.3
review: The game is good! Its better than HON an LOL as far as I know. All you need to do is just learn from the recent dota then youre good to go! You can bet items and watch famous tournaments online. You can also make money out of this game. And the best part is that its free!!
game-hours: 2.7
review: The beta was fun... Now? This game makes me want to slay the Russian Federation. End of story.
game-hours: 6.1
review: Not League of Legends.
game-hours: 944.2
review: this game so awsome1!1
game-hours: 1888.6
review: Dota 2 is a multiplayer game (though you can play against bots). There are two teams of five players - the Radiant, and the Dire. Each player picks from a list of many characters, each with a different set of abilities. The two teams start on opposing sides of the map (there's only one map in the game). Each team has a base area, in which resides an "Ancient". From each base, creeps - these autonomous NPC creatures - spawn periodically in waves, and start a journey toward's the other teams base. Towers are scattered around the map that will automatically fire on any enemy unit. The goal for each team is to destroy the other team's Ancient, while defending their own. Hence: Defense of the Ancients. Sounds simple - but there's a lot more to it than this. Imagine the game starts and both teams just stay in their own base. Creeps from both teams will wander out from one base and head to the other, meeting somewhere in the middle of the map, where they will fight (again, they do this automatically without any player input). The creeps are evenly matched so typically they will both wipe each other out. The next wave of creeps will clean up anything left over - or they'll reach a tower, and get smashed by it - and the cycle will continue. Basically, nothing will happen - the game will not end, because the creeps can't get anywhere. Now imagine just one player from one of the teams goes out with his creeps. He can attack the enemy creeps, and support his own creeps as they make their way across the map, knocking down towers along the way. Eventually, he'll get to the enemy Ancient, and be able to destroy it. But if just one enemy player comes out to meet him, the teams will be more evenly matched - and it comes down to a player versus player (PvP) scenario. The PvP is, of course, the heart of the game. It is of a high level of complexity - the learning curve is quite steep, making it challenging for noobs, which is one of the reasons why the community was famed for being full of what I will euphemistically call "short tempered people". One player who doesn't know what he is doing can easily bring down the whole team. The complexity comes from two main parts - first, the sheer number of selectable characters in the game. At the time of writing, there are 102 characters - with more added periodically as the game is updated. Each character has four different abilities (sometimes more) that are active (requiring the user to press something to make them go) or passive (they just operate automatically). The abilities are character-specific, though there are common elements between them. Some of the abilities require chaining to use them effectively, and each ability is leveled individually as your character earns experience. After you've done the maths and figured out how many different abilities there are between all the characters - and thought about how long it would take to become familiar with even a small handful of them - consider that in addition to that, there are over 120 different items that you can equip your character with. Items can perform new actions or augment your existing ones (again, they are active or passive in nature). Oh yeah - each game takes a long time to finish - around 45 minutes is pretty common. You will never get away with saying "I'll just have a quick game of Dota" to your significant other - at least, not once they've put up with you playing it a few times. So - learning curve. Big one. Time investment (or sink, if you prefer). Big one. Especially when you're trying to play with other people and they're abusing you for not knowing what you're doing. But the real question is - is it worth it? I've clocked up almost 400 games (and there's still some characters I haven't played). I'm not turning pro any time soon, but have a reasonable handle on the fundamentals. My win rate is about 50%, which seems to be fairly normal. Losing is often traumatic, especially after you've lost a couple of long 45-60 minute games in a row, or you're saddled with random teammates in the matchmaking who are abusive idiots (or just bad). But the games that are good - they're really good. With so many combinations and different ways to exploit them, the level of satisfaction when you're playing with friends and manage to co-ordinate a five-person push on a tower, laying down that perfect combo that takes advantage of all your abilities, wiping out the other team.... well, that's what keeps me coming back for more. Not only that, but once you've invested a bunch of time and gotten over some initial learning humps, it's genuinely fun exploring the different characters and item combinations. There are always new builds to try and new items to buy. I've gone through several "favourite characters", depending on which new ones I've played recently and how well they worked out with my natural play style and with my teammates. Even after around 400 hours of gametime, I still have more to explore. I do, however, only really enjoy playing the game with my friends. I've tried a few games "solo", just picking up teammates using the matchmaking service, and I find this massively less fun. It's less engaging because I typically don't like to communicate with randoms via voice, and your chances of picking up toxic players are increased. I've had good games with randoms, but generally don't bother playing unless my mates are online. As with all reviews, this one attempts to help answer the question: "should I buy this game?". Well, good news - Dota 2 is free. It has just come out of a long invite-only beta period, so your actual financial investment in whether or not you should get into the game is zero. But there are two big questions you need to ask yourself: 1. Can I justify the amount of time I need to get decent at this game before I start enjoying it? Make no mistake, the learning process for this game is An Ordeal. If you're prepared to spend many hours reading guides and playing with bots until you can beat them on a reasonable difficulty - maybe 10 games? - then that's a good start. If you've got mates that are happy to babysit you then that's good - but note that most of them will not want to do this because it almost certainly means they'll be losing (a lot) while you're still struggling with the basics. The best way to approach it is to read some guides - I recommend Welcome to Dota, You Suck - and play with bots until you can beat them on Hard, reliably, with one character. Then find some friends who are happy to play with you knowing your noob status, and play some games online with them. The more friends the better; if you're matchmaking with randoms they will probably be less tolerant. 2. Why is it free? I seriously can play this without paying anything? Dota 2 is built on the "freemium" model. It's free to play, and you can purchase in-game items for money. By giving the game away, Valve hope to make more money selling in-game items than if they'd charged for the game. This is an increasing trend - so get used to seeing it more, especially for games with a strong network effect (i.e., anything with multiplayer). The things you can buy for Dota 2 are basically adornments for the characters. For example, you can outfit them with new armour, or a new sword, or some new spell effects, that are different from the stock-standard one that they come with. You can get some of these for free - they'll randomly drop at the end of games - but the good ones for your preferred characters you'll have to shell out for. It's very important to note that these items are purely decorative and have no impact on the gameplay at all. You can't pay money for a new sword that does more damage - it just looks different. This is critical and stops the game from becoming a silly pay-to-win thing. If you're a content creator, you can also create your own stuff and sell it in the store (splitting revenue with Valve).
game-hours: 160.1
review: It's great. If you want to learn russian this is the way to go. You can choose in which russia you want to play. I prefer to go EU East (Russian Colony). Very nice community all very friendly and social soviets. IGN: 69/69 would play again!  .
game-hours: 1134.1
review: Was meathooked by invisible Pudge. 420/69.
game-hours: 1491.8
review: nice game make me addicted, challenged me to play agains the other great player
game-hours: 1388.8
review: Try out this game, it's so much fun! ( ^^ c)
game-hours: 683.9
review: Made me racist 10/10
game-hours: 771.2
review: i gotta say if i said there was ever a better game id be lying 2/10
game-hours: 1412.2
review: This is a game which has taken hundreds of hours out of many people's lives. It is a strtergy gae where, from a bird's eye view you will fight the enemy team seeking to destroy their ancient/base. I would recommend it for anyon who likes stratergy games and doesn't hate people. If you want a truely amazing game, for free, this is for you.
game-hours: 3805.3
review: Dota 2 is the greatest game ever created for the Apple Macintosh.
game-hours: 2529.7
review: I used to be a healthy and contributing member of society until I encountered Dota 2. The moment I started playing it, I thought to myself "Wow.", "This is it.", "The game that will finally do what no other can." I was right, ever since I played Dota 2, my family has disowned me, I lost my job, my girlfriend dumped me, and I was left by my dog. Instead of talking civilly to other human beings like I used to, I now simply scream expletives at them without even looking. I no longer have to remember purposeless numerics such as my social security number, my cellphone number, my age, and even the number of children I have. Before I played Dota 2, I thought I can measure my life's worth with useless factors such as my income, quality of living, or contribution to society, but now I know the truth and realize how foolish I was, Dota 2 taught me the true meaning of living, that is, one's MMR, the one thing that separates 7k gods from other 1k scrub trash. After Dota 2, I have never looked at life the same way again. 10/10
game-hours: 1236.7
review: Juego burda e criminal lo recomiendo 101% pa los convis HABLAO
game-hours: 2288.4
review: please pick a support and it will be a good game for us... xD
game-hours: 721.0
review: This is the best game i have ever played. I prefer everyone should play this game because i left Cs:go my fav game because of dota 2. Wonderful game wonderful animation. Just love it xD
game-hours: 2959.7
review: Every hour spent on it totally worth it,ruined my life but who cares its fun and addictive. If you want to have bad grades and dont want to get out from your home this is the game you play. Also you will learn russian language so its educational game after all :)
game-hours: 475.9
review: it is cool
game-hours: 39.2
review: Absolutely outstanding strategy game, although it can get very annoying. It is really addictive. And I almost do better than the Russians Almost...
game-hours: 1180.1
review: This game is clearly a great game on the Steam Store and its free to play....What else can I say? SOMETIMES online is smooth, depends on wifi connection and your opponents wifi too. The games not noob-friendly but you gotta get the hang of the damn game, they have something called practice and youtube guides. Yeah i'd definetely freaking reccomend this game no matter what. Its very addictive especially once you get the hang of it. My favorite characters are Sven and Zeus, they're pretty good. I personally think Ursa and Sniper are overused, So you may wanna use some underused characters like Death Prophet! >:D Have fun playing! If you see me online gimme a Haiiiii ;D (Note: Im an average Dota2 player. Im not an expert nor a noob. You have been warned.) ;3
game-hours: 211.3
review: Listen here, you uncouth curs. This a game about "heroes." Not "champions," HEROES. They go around and do crazy  like hit each other with magic and , all high fantasy nonsense. Look here man, I watched some lady dressed all in black two shot a ing god, where else can you find this level of ludicrosity!? WHERE?! On top of that, this game goes way back. It has like, an established culture and if you don't follow it, you will be ostrascized as if this were ing Sydney. That was a lame  joke but it makes sense because where else would find a rat- ostrich than Australia?! WHERE?! All you need to know is that words like "" and "blat" are some of the finest praise that you can get in this game, and feel free to use them when you see an invoker drop an EMP or when you look at the shop and look all lost and confused. You will fit in just fine. But what the  do I know? I just play wtf mode with my one really cool friend and this other guy who I really dont like to be seen in public with. I was not on any narcotics while writing this review...honest.
game-hours: 557.1
review: Recommended!
game-hours: 1706.0
review: aww
game-hours: 1744.1
review: What is Dota 2?  A welcoming community, where everyone is so kind, that they are even ready to take care of your relatives, especially your dear mother.  9/10 players are always ready to play with you  A very multicultural community. It literally erases the borders between genders, nations, ages, anything. Just like in real life, you can meet foreigners anywhere.  Has a lot of mini-games within such as: King of the Hill, Hot Rapier (a Dota 2 version of "Hot potato"), Hide and Seek, Base Race and many others.  Experienced players are always ready to teach you how to play. Always.
game-hours: 190.2
review: DOE DE CAMIEL
game-hours: 801.6
review: #YOLO
game-hours: 1580.1
review: makes you racist
game-hours: 6186.9
review: amazing
game-hours: 1539.2
review: Magic and ACTUAL teamwork in a stunning MOBA that provides a refreshing game genre for someone who has played mostly FPS (mainly me).
game-hours: 896.8
review: Because of dota 2 i fail school Because of dota 2 i dont eat Because of dota 2 i dont sleep Because of dota 2 i need rehab If you wanna play dota, prepare uranus
game-hours: 946.8
review: very nice game epic GMAE!
game-hours: 2374.9
review: Teaches me russian every day, for free! Try it!
game-hours: 679.7
review: gay
game-hours: 70.9
review: Not enough Russians.
game-hours: 1294.0
review: I've lost all my friends, my family has abandoned me and I am highly overweight. All because of a Free to Play game called Dota 2. Dota 2 is filled with angry Russians and nobody seems to speak English. I have wasted my life on this game and....I regret nothing. 10/10!!!!
game-hours: 488.4
review: F*ck russia.
game-hours: 2867.4
review: keren
game-hours: 1870.0
review: Well it's got a brick wall as a learning curve, and a not very cohesive tutorial; I still cannot figure out how to jump. But once you finally start to get a grasp of the game you realize that the community is horrendous, not only will they yell at you but 20% of the time they won't even understand your language! Overall all the non-game mechanics mechanics are stupidly terrible. 10/10
game-hours: 605.0
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 1056.9
review: If you're looking for a good, visually appealing and challenging game, perhaps you like League of Legends a lot but you're looking for a new game? Then this is for you. I personally like this a whole lot more than League. Dota 2 has all of the things League of Legends is missing, like couriers and a stash. It's free and the costumizables are a huge bonus, just like in TF2 with all the hats. Although it might be hard in the beginning, if you stick to it I'm sure you'll find many hours of fun, and to add one last thing: it's best played with friends!
game-hours: 921.1
review: When I first started DOTA2 I was a little overwhelmed, as my first ARTS/MOBA game it was pretty complicated. I soon started to pick up the mechanics like last hitting and denying. Before I knew it, I was performing  and better. I stopped making silly  and  got vastly better at not  the enemy . For the  part, everyone I've met was very helpful and , there  the   however. As  - play DOTA2    ,  ,     .      !
game-hours: 2760.2
review: 1
game-hours: 2596.3
review: The game is good! Its better than HON an LOL as far as I know. All you need to do is just learn from the recent dota then youre good to go! You can bet items and watch famous tournaments online. You can also make money out of this game. And the best part is that its free!!
game-hours: 953.9
review: the best free game ever XD
game-hours: 1165.5
review: Dota 2 accommodates me... especially in trading...
game-hours: 5451.7
review: with original dota , best game ever easy !
game-hours: 13.9
review: This game simulates real life. Everyone hates you because you're not sure what's going on and by the time you are able to realize what is, infact, going on, you hate everyone else.
game-hours: 2267.5
review: Its fun but always remember one wrong move and you're dead.
game-hours: 1543.9
review: I Like This Game
game-hours: 1378.1
review: Play this and you will be the juke master.
game-hours: 2395.4
review: Picked this game up the other day, not too bad.
game-hours: 3930.9
review: this game make you very addicted and cant get away from front of your pc so dont touch this game if you just usuall gamers
game-hours: 386.9
review: This game is unbalanced, riot fix pls
game-hours: 1166.2
review: I like this game.
game-hours: 1690.1
review: team work game
game-hours: 1477.5
review: Helped me realise that it's not hard to hate people. Took all my money and friends. But aleast I got...oh wait, you gain nothing from this game. Would reccomend
game-hours: 869.9
review: good game
game-hours: 1722.0
review: Interested in being horribly abused? Interested in knowing your demise but being forced to watch it slowly approaching? Do you like micromanaging and understand that multiplayer games aren't for fun? Well, look no further! An online community of arrogant, abusive and autistic nerds is waiting for YOU!
game-hours: 2369.5
review: I'm convinced all Dota players are masochists, including myself. I just can't enough of that desire to drown small puppies before, during, and after every game I play. Would reccommend frequent anger management classes if you happen to play this game past the tutorial. Kappa/Kapperino
game-hours: 734.8
review: i like this Dota 2 playing!!!!
game-hours: 162.9
review: ,    ,  ,     ...
game-hours: 1335.9
review: Good Game
game-hours: 554.0
review: Dota 2 is the best strategy game ever!!!!!
game-hours: 1321.7
review: its better to never play this "game"
game-hours: 115.8
review: .
game-hours: 1386.0
review: DOTA 2 is a fun and challenging game where you and 4 mentally challenged people fight off against 5 high skilled players, the main objective of the game is to defend your base from the enemies for as long as you can (since no one on your team will try to attack the enemy base anyway). You can also yell at your teammates for trying to 1v5 , or farming the jungle while your team dies! Communicating and working together is crucial in this game to get the high score for "Longest time trying to carry your team" You can choose from a wide selection of really well-made and balanced heroes like Huskar and Death Prophet. You fight the enemy heroes on "Lanes", pathways across the maps where your creeps spawn and try to attack the enemies on the other side of the river, people refer to these lanes as Top, Bot, and Mid or feed. You can also tell your teammates that the enemies on your lane are missing, warning them about a possible gank, but for some reason that function doesn't seem to work. Last - hitting creeps and enemy heroes grant you gold, but keep in mind that no one on your team besides you has the ability to do that . Getting kills or good items only help you defend against the enemies longer, since the result will ALWAYS be the same! DOTA 2 is also a very educational game, yes! From Russian to Spanish, you will expand your vocabulary greatly! It also teaches you new ways to break your keyboard and monitor everytime you play!  YOU, DOTA  YOU
game-hours: 1294.0
review: I've lost all my friends, my family has abandoned me and I am highly overweight. All because of a Free to Play game called Dota 2. Dota 2 is filled with angry Russians and nobody seems to speak English. I have wasted my life on this game and....I regret nothing. 10/10!!!!
game-hours: 2198.6
review: 10/10. By playing this game you basically sell your soul to Gabe Newell. Aside being one of the best balanced ARTS games ever, other features include: > Dota 2 offers a system called "matchmaking" that allows you to learn multiple foreign languages. > For a fee ranging from BZZ pugna bracers to Dragonclaw Hook, you can customise any hero's look (Except Zeus, he is already fabulous.) with virtual hats. > Owning and frequently playing Dota 2 allows you to safely assume every other ARTS (or MOBA, in other languages such as LoLspeak) is inferior and therefore concluding that Dota 2 is the best game of its genre. > A very balanced ranking system measured in "MMR" also known as "e-peen points" that has no meaning whatsoever past the 6000 mark, since matchmaking pairs you with 4000 MMR players and 5000 MMR bought accounts. Bored with the game? No problem! You can indulge in the world of Dota without playing via a plethora of ways: > You can participate in Steam discussions where you can assume you know what you're talking about. > Go on reddit and discuss anything about Dota, whether it's a thread about serious metagame discussion, or a thread about Arteezy tweeting about a thread about Arteezy tweeting. > Or you could experience the "pinnacle" of human stupidity by participating in any popular Dota 2 stream's twitch chat. The persons chatting there offer a broad range of insight about the stream or the game in general, be it "() I'M LOL FAN AND I HAVE DOWN SYNDROME ()" ,"   (___FISSURE_____()" or the simple, yet very concise "322" or "fEEd."
game-hours: 691.0
review: Nice game and graphic :D
game-hours: 948.8
review: It's like Skyrim but with imba heroes.
game-hours: 984.9
review: How to Properly Play the Game Step 1: Open Dota 2 and jump straight into matchmaking in Russia, it is multi-functional as you can learn Dota 2 AND Russian racial slurs Step 2: Pick the coolest looking character you can find Step 3: After you picked Meepo, head to the middle lane Step 4: Die to the enemy, it shall boost their morale to make them more reckless Step 5: Keep dying, it probably will pay off Step 6: At the 15 minute mark, buy the courier that everybody has been swearing about Step 7: Click on the courier Step 8: AHA! YOU CLICKED ON THE COURIER! Now, you will forever be a Donkey, in the midst of your confusion, bravely clop to the battlefield Step 9: After much "wtf", blame the support for being a noob to keep your reputation intact Step 10: After you lost the match, head towards to the store and buy everything you can to improve. Cooler looking stuff should probably buff your character, right? Step 11: Get mistaken for a pro due to your accessories Step 12: Repeat steps 4, 5, 9, and 10 until you lose your soul Step 13: Sue Valve to calm your emotional distress
game-hours: 1195.7
review: A great game filled with action and strategy. Takes a very long time to learn, longer to master. After 700 hours I still cant play each hero, and havent mastered quite all of the advanced mechanics. You must play this game for 50-100 hours before you can even think about deciding if its a game for you. It is very competetive, and sensitive people will not enjoy it. You will be insulted, a lot. If you get to a high lvl and have played many matches like me, you wont be paired up with Peruvians or Russian quite as much, but at the beginning there will be someone who doesnt speak English (in a U.S. English server) and they will most likely suck and lose the game for you. There will be heros that will wreck you every game until you (and those idiots you call allies) learn how to play against them. Even after all the hardships, I'm still playing this game. Those 700 hours? I found this game 6 months ago, 500 of those hours only on the weekends, even with school. It's a fun game, but people suck. Enjoy
game-hours: 594.6
review: Nice game
game-hours: 2.5
review: Okay, I recommend and do NOT recommend at the same time: Why I recommend: - It's a Valve game, Come on people! - The training missions are good. I put 2 hours into them. - It's freaking free - Just get it if you're looking for a random game to play Why I do no recommend: - It just sucks - I am not the kind of person to play this game. - I like campaigns, not massively multiplayer stuff.
game-hours: 7181.3
review: Dota
game-hours: 1267.7
review: 10/10 make me lose all my freinds and all forms of social life, and it helped me learn the many different servers that russia owns and the language of the motherland
game-hours: 2009.2
review: AWESOME
game-hours: 2202.5
review: If you are willing to waste hundres or even thousands of hours of your life playing the same map and the same heroes over and over and over again only to be flamed by your team in russian then this is the game for you!
game-hours: 734.8
review: i like this Dota 2 playing!!!!
game-hours: 552.3
review: very very good game and addicted so much in this game nice!
game-hours: 4797.0
review: this is not just a game, this is a masterpiece, somewhat reminds me of wheel, television, toilet and another human great inventions...
game-hours: 554.0
review: Dota 2 is the best strategy game ever!!!!!
game-hours: 208.6
review: steam level stuff :3
game-hours: 2760.2
review: 1
game-hours: 556.3
review: THE GAME IS AWESOME! I MEAN RATINGS FROM 1-10. ITS 10. WHY? THE GAME IS MORE BALANCE COMPARE TO DOTA 1, EASY TO PLAY.. ADAPTION OF DOTA 2 IS EASY. GREAT WORK VALVE.. MORE POWER...
game-hours: 1669.0
review: I really love this game.
game-hours: 1.3
review: Brought to you by the directors of "The Complete Works of Shakespeare - Abridged", Dota 2 is the story of a lifetime. Based on the in-game universe from "Halo - Combat Evolved", follow Ezio and friends as they traverse modern-day Iraq.
game-hours: 185.5
review: If you play a match without a Russian swearing at you you're playing the game wrong.
game-hours: 1595.1
review: This is a good strategy game which you can have teamwork with someone you don't know!!!
game-hours: 1604.1
review: you can play as a pirate i mean i never have myself but i know you can
game-hours: 1981.2
review: My favorite game ever, I have wasted most of my life with the Warcraft 3 DotA. Now I will waste the rest of it with DotA 2 100000000000/10 Would play forever.
game-hours: 897.0
review: Why would anyone pay for Rosetta stone when you can just play dota to learn Russian?
game-hours: 3070.8
review: Quite possibly the most awesome game ever.
game-hours: 1470.2
review: Very good tool to learn new words, such as , , , and . Very easy way to learn to immitate an accent, such as russian 12 year old! "Suk mai deek noop". All of this at the low low price of your social life, family and faith in others. overall, 11/10 it's ok. - IGN
game-hours: 877.1
review: Where a large majority of the team fights are in the chat.
game-hours: 1378.1
review: Play this and you will be the juke master.
game-hours: 2395.4
review: Picked this game up the other day, not too bad.
game-hours: 3931.1
review: this game make you very addicted and cant get away from front of your pc so dont touch this game if you just usuall gamers
game-hours: 386.9
review: This game is unbalanced, riot fix pls
game-hours: 3070.8
review: Quite possibly the most awesome game ever.
game-hours: 2.6
review: i've played this for not even a hour and this is great banter.
game-hours: 836.4
review: Dota 2 is better than league of legends and other
game-hours: 1512.1
review: 10 years since sing strim.i walk through the empty streets trying to think of something else but my path always leads to the stream. i stare at the screen for hours and try to summon the lord. i watch other asian girls streaming but it is no good. i flame dendi in his channel and try to resist the nazi mods but it is all meaningless. the end is near.i then usually watch some old sing vods and cry myself to sleep. 10/10 wolud feed again
game-hours: 2598.7
review: This game is toxic and a waste of time. In its current meta, good luck trying to have fun even when winning. Ice frog please stop doing cocaine your family is concerned.
game-hours: 724.3
review: Fantastic game!! Hands down the best free to play game on Steam!
game-hours: 2042.4
review: >Lost my friends >Failed my degree >Parents disowned me >Became homeless >Play dota on laptop in  internet cafe 11/10
game-hours: 115.8
review: .
game-hours: 795.9
review: This game has completely taken over my life, but in a good way. Great stragety game, great graphics, great characters, just such an amazing game.
game-hours: 1628.2
review: Good game. Very challenging. Has a lot of ups and downs. Huge learning curve at around 50 hours worth of gameplay.
game-hours: 1604.1
review: you can play as a pirate i mean i never have myself but i know you can
game-hours: 2635.6
review: EPIC! Fastest way to get stress and learn curses in different language. :D
game-hours: 1.2
review: Yawn
game-hours: 1075.9
review: dota2 good game
game-hours: 1322.9
review: Russians.
game-hours: 489.1
review: Do you want ing cancer? Then play Dota.
game-hours: 1514.2
review: This is an exact copy of Mario kart 8
game-hours: 1321.7
review: its better to never play this "game"
game-hours: 235.8
review: First off all,I must say this is the best game I ever played! I'm new to the game,but i like to learn new skills and make new friends! Respect Valve from Serbia!
game-hours: 688.2
review: kills/deaths/assists: 0/37/2 wonderful and easy game experience for you and your family to enjoy
game-hours: 2123.1
review: yes i like the graphic of this game but im having a hard time to learn this game. but i dont lose hope. good game
game-hours: 1841.9
review: ...   :I
game-hours: 921.1
review: When I first started DOTA2 I was a little overwhelmed, as my first ARTS/MOBA game it was pretty complicated. I soon started to pick up the mechanics like last hitting and denying. Before I knew it, I was performing  and better. I stopped making silly  and  got vastly better at not  the enemy . For the  part, everyone I've met was very helpful and , there  the   however. As  - play DOTA2    ,  ,     .      !
game-hours: 2768.2
review: It will drain your soul. In a bad way.
game-hours: 2506.8
review: To fully illustrate what makes DOTA one of the most compelling multiplayer games of all time, it helps to have a bit of background on the game itself. DOTA has its roots as a Warcraft 3 modification. Warcraft 3 introduced a unique mechanic in its campaign and multiplayer modes of "hero" units - units that actually gained experience points, abilities, and items as the game progresses. This really made it feel like you had an investment in these units, and you grew attached to them. To a degree these hero units, effectively commanders of your army of relatively disposable units, became your avatar in-game. It was a brilliant concept, and DOTA took it a step further. DOTA created a multiplayer mode that focused *exclusively* on playing these hero units - it removed the base building and unit management seen in the standard RTS format. It's one of the best examples of "less is more" than I've ever seen, and that description hardly does it justice. Managing your individual hero and your income, position on the map, constant decision making, and being able to size yourself up versus your enemy brings more depth than any other game I've ever played. I've yet to play any other multiplayer game where *every* member of your 5-man team is crucial to your victory. Everyone must do their part, and do it better than the other 5-man team. There are very few cases of where a game can be winnable 4v5, and teamwork becomes a huge factor. In the most intense and close games, the level of immersion really can't be matched. It's hard to think of another game that draws you in more than DOTA, especially when other people are counting on you to do well! It's a hectic, stressful, enormously complex and in-depth experience - not to mention absurdly fun. This is what keeps me coming back, and I'd recommend it to anyone looking to really experience what multiplayer gaming can truly offer. If you're new to the game and want some background on specific heroes and strategies, or just want to watch some gameplay, be sure to check out my YouTube channel. Thanks for reading!
game-hours: 715.5
review: love dota2
game-hours: 2012.5
review: trash game
game-hours: 2128.0
review: Nice Game. Keep it UP VALVE !
game-hours: 1606.3
review: After playing this game, it's hard to believe I used to be hooked on League of Legends. There is no comparison; I will never go back.
game-hours: 1056.9
review: If you're looking for a good, visually appealing and challenging game, perhaps you like League of Legends a lot but you're looking for a new game? Then this is for you. I personally like this a whole lot more than League. Dota 2 has all of the things League of Legends is missing, like couriers and a stash. It's free and the costumizables are a huge bonus, just like in TF2 with all the hats. Although it might be hard in the beginning, if you stick to it I'm sure you'll find many hours of fun, and to add one last thing: it's best played with friends!
game-hours: 0.6
review: blyat 10/10
game-hours: 15.1
review: if u wanna know what it's like to explore the inside of a flaccid , this is the game for u
game-hours: 2218.1
review: Dota 2 is a multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) video game and the stand-alone sequel to the Defense of the Ancients (DotA) mod. Developed by Valve Corporation, the game was officially released on July 9, 2013 as a free-to-play title for Microsoft Windows, concluding a beta testing phase that began in 2011. OS X and Linux versions of Dota 2 were released on July 18, 2013. In most regions, Dota 2 is exclusively available through Valve's content delivery platform, Steam.
game-hours: 1472.3
review: The only thing that can make this game better is an arcana that made Phoenix purple. As Patrick Star once claimed, "I love being purple!"
game-hours: 2.4
review: There are no side effects to playing this great MOBA. Side effects may include: Loss of social interactions Lack of sleep Less functional motor skills Extreme ammounts of teamwork Competativeness to another level of extremeness Feeling like a total badass Death by hunger Buy now.
game-hours: 1470.2
review: Very good tool to learn new words, such as , , , and . Very easy way to learn to immitate an accent, such as russian 12 year old! "Suk mai deek noop". All of this at the low low price of your social life, family and faith in others. overall, 11/10 it's ok. - IGN
game-hours: 5.0
review: i wanted to play a game so i played this but i didnt know what was going on so i didnt play
game-hours: 17.3
review: Vi sitter hr i venten och spelar lite DotA  pushar p  smeker, med motstndet vi leker. Vi sitter hr i venten och spelar lite DotA  springer runt  creepar, och motstndet vi sleepar. (Let's get it on.) Vi sitter hr i venten och spelar lite DotA  pushar p  smeker, med motstndet vi leker. Vi sitter hr i venten och spelar lite DotA  springer runt  creepar, och motstndet vi sleepar. Vi sitter hr i venten och spelar lite DotA  pushar p  smeker, med motstndet vi leker. Vi sitter hr i venten och spelar lite DotA  springer runt  creepar, och motstndet vi sleepar. (What's happenin') (DotA!) (What's happenin') (Have one on the house.) Vi sitter hr i venten och spelar lite DotA. (I hear you man.) Vi sitter hr i venten och spelar lite DotA. (I feel you man.) Vi sitter hr i venten och spelar lite DotA  pushar p  smeker, med motstndet vi leker. Vi sitter hr i venten och spelar lite DotA  springer runt  creepar, och motstndet vi sleepar. (Let's get it on.) Vi sitter hr i venten och spelar lite DotA  pushar p  smeker, med motstndet vi leker. Vi sitter hr i venten och spelar lite DotA  springer runt  creepar, och motstndet vi sleepar. Vi sitter hr i venten och spelar lite DotA  pushar p  smeker, med motstndet vi leker. Vi sitter hr i venten och spelar lite DotA  springer runt  creepar, och motstndet vi sleepar.
game-hours: 1491.9
review: I highly recommend this over it's competitor, Rosetta Stone. While Rosetta Stone promised "Adaptive Learning", "Social Sharing", and "Community Learning", I found Dota 2 to be a much better product in terms of cultural exposure and hands on training. Unlike Rosetta Stone, Dota 2 matches you up with real Spanish-speakers, Russian-speakers, or dirty Pinoys that are fresh off the boat and ready to help you delve into their ethnic practices and language. As an English speaker, I learned the Peruvian dialect of Spanish in less than 3 months solely playing Dota 2 for an hour a day. I highly recommend this game. As we say in Spanish, "jajajajajaj gringo noob la  madre concha tu madre. idiota hijo de la gran  calla csm. que huevon eres. pajero de  .l. jajajajaj xDDD."
game-hours: 827.2
review: This is my second favorite League of Legends I've ever played. Upthumbered.
game-hours: 359.9
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 1602.7
review: Want to learn russian, want to learn spanish or even portuguese? No problem - just play Dota and even better - you dont have to queue for Russian or Southamerican Servers - No - They come and risk a high ping just to give you the opportunity to learn a new Language without having to search for it - Of course you will only learn the very basics of those languages which are Hi - /puta/quenga - or gank please i want to win the lane and we cant win it as they harass us out of the lane - Idiot noob report why no gank 10 mins noob (this is the point where you can identify theyre really smart and willing to learn english as well as want to hear your opinion - I recommend to pretend to be russian too and attach the words ''noob'', ''report'' or ''idiot'' in the end to show them you want them to talk in russian, which is the language you wanna learn - So first of all: How to identify russians? - It seems quite easy as they usually pick Hardcarries, but have no idea that they should be farming instead of afkstanding right next to the enemy while having a hundred hp and spamming noob or idiot sometimes even those useful cyrillic letters to you. Blaming you in a common indicator to show that theyre russian - well this seems legit but its not always as easy as some of them are playing with a name of arabic letters, dont show that theyre russian or sometimes even write in english - You need to grab those black sheep as they refuse to offer free classes of russian - zz thats quite unfair whilst the rest puts a lot of effort into teaching. Spanish and portuguese isnt any use for us as we only want to learn languages which help us in everyday life. 700 million people all around the world is fairly and squarely a joke compared to the use it is to win a russian friend (Geez theyre crazy fun fellows) and have lots of fun trying to get a russian accent while talking to them (and of course) attaching the previous words which strenghten the bond of friendship between you and your feeding teammates. This review will be extended and show you why pinoy crashed are very useful
game-hours: 673.8
review: I am an Anchor dragging my team down, butt the game is learning, I don't need school. EDIT: This was posted by Dumpy?
game-hours: 1323.1
review: hell yeah
game-hours: 793.3
review: Play dota 2 Brooo,, We Make it Easyy !!
game-hours: 0.8
review: it's like kissing cancer and this has a lot of hateful people
game-hours: 974.5
review: waste of time!
game-hours: 7.7
review: This game has pretty much killed every friendship I've ever had. It also gave me cancer. 0/10
game-hours: 5.9
review: BEST GAME EVER Like my grandma but with more haterz
game-hours: 797.8
review: I learned languages such as Russian, and Spanish, for the low, low price of free. 10/10 EDIT: If you want to see what im talking about, watch this
game-hours: 1829.1
review: A game about 10 random fairy-tale heroes thrown into a merciless battle for survival and the protection of their Ancient, behind almost every hero there's a mighty russian who you can trust your life with. 10/10 over 6 russian servers to choose from all over the globe.
game-hours: 857.8
review: One way to forget about pain is to do something that you will be in it completely.. so computer games.
game-hours: 1985.9
review: The best game I've ever play before. Strategic, teamwork and Skill are the most important thing to win the game!
game-hours: 1341.1
review: Jesus christ have I really been playing this for nearly a year??
game-hours: 21.0
review: not even gonna say bad
game-hours: 997.9
review: V tejto hre je prli vela rusov ktor ju nevedia hra.TREBA ICH VYHUBI NAJLEPIE PLYNOM
game-hours: 1396.6
review: run for your life stay away from this russians only game
game-hours: 1216.4
review: Russian Rage Simulator 2014 10/10
game-hours: 3927.8
review: best game evah
game-hours: 1244.8
review: Awesome game. Recemmonded!
game-hours: 583.6
review: Rosetta stone in game form, but restricted to brazilian portuguese, russian, and korean.
game-hours: 2182.8
review: Play one time and u wont stop playing this  -_-
game-hours: 906.1
review: i love this game :D
game-hours: 1240.7
review: Overall it's not bad - a bit boring, but then again so am I Also,  cyka stop feed noob ajaja xaxaxaxa 11/10
game-hours: 371.3
review: This game is more addictive than crack cocaine, you will loose you girlfriend and end up in the streets after when the game is done with you. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 14.6
review: i havent even played this  yet and i already feel like a north korean refugee in south korea hiding out as a video games enthusiast and living off of livestream and advertising money in a basement in the gangseo district in seoul.
game-hours: 365.7
review: Game is horrible; too many abusive players. Not a pleasent gaming experience but good graphics.
game-hours: 4007.7
review: The ultimate co-operative game for the terminally unco-operative. Fast paced, full-on action "team" fighting game for noobs and pros alike. Be prepared for name calling, and Russians who clog up your English only speaking servers :( - Fun and addictive!
game-hours: 950.4
review: good game
game-hours: 288.7
review: This game is for trolls and russians. Play it!
game-hours: 2590.8
review: Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool.
game-hours: 2711.4
review: I have been playing this Dota for like a lifetime! Dota 2 has refreshed my urge to play it again, and I might say for the hundreds of games that I have tried, none has been like Dota/Dota2, it kept me coming back! Thanks Icefrog! Thanks Valve :)
game-hours: 377.9
review: fdsg
game-hours: 1210.4
review: Still better than LoL
game-hours: 5.9
review: BEST GAME EVER Like my grandma but with more haterz
game-hours: 1602.7
review: Want to learn russian, want to learn spanish or even portuguese? No problem - just play Dota and even better - you dont have to queue for Russian or Southamerican Servers - No - They come and risk a high ping just to give you the opportunity to learn a new Language without having to search for it - Of course you will only learn the very basics of those languages which are Hi - /puta/quenga - or gank please i want to win the lane and we cant win it as they harass us out of the lane - Idiot noob report why no gank 10 mins noob (this is the point where you can identify theyre really smart and willing to learn english as well as want to hear your opinion - I recommend to pretend to be russian too and attach the words ''noob'', ''report'' or ''idiot'' in the end to show them you want them to talk in russian, which is the language you wanna learn - So first of all: How to identify russians? - It seems quite easy as they usually pick Hardcarries, but have no idea that they should be farming instead of afkstanding right next to the enemy while having a hundred hp and spamming noob or idiot sometimes even those useful cyrillic letters to you. Blaming you in a common indicator to show that theyre russian - well this seems legit but its not always as easy as some of them are playing with a name of arabic letters, dont show that theyre russian or sometimes even write in english - You need to grab those black sheep as they refuse to offer free classes of russian - zz thats quite unfair whilst the rest puts a lot of effort into teaching. Spanish and portuguese isnt any use for us as we only want to learn languages which help us in everyday life. 700 million people all around the world is fairly and squarely a joke compared to the use it is to win a russian friend (Geez theyre crazy fun fellows) and have lots of fun trying to get a russian accent while talking to them (and of course) attaching the previous words which strenghten the bond of friendship between you and your feeding teammates. This review will be extended and show you why pinoy crashed are very useful
game-hours: 793.3
review: Play dota 2 Brooo,, We Make it Easyy !!
game-hours: 1240.7
review: Overall it's not bad - a bit boring, but then again so am I Also,  cyka stop feed noob ajaja xaxaxaxa 11/10
game-hours: 371.3
review: This game is more addictive than crack cocaine, you will loose you girlfriend and end up in the streets after when the game is done with you. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 0.8
review: it's like kissing cancer and this has a lot of hateful people
game-hours: 2711.4
review: I have been playing this Dota for like a lifetime! Dota 2 has refreshed my urge to play it again, and I might say for the hundreds of games that I have tried, none has been like Dota/Dota2, it kept me coming back! Thanks Icefrog! Thanks Valve :)
game-hours: 1210.4
review: Still better than LoL
game-hours: 2938.5
review: k
game-hours: 1482.2
review: dota 2 is play by play
game-hours: 2410.9
review: nope
game-hours: 3258.9
review: I wank over hentai of this game
game-hours: 27.9
review: No words. Satan.
game-hours: 813.6
review: !
game-hours: 2277.5
review: Simple. Addictive. Cruel. Intensive. Bizarre. An incredibly deep, rewarding multiplayer experience. While the original was one of the best games Ive ever played Im happy to report this sequel is better in every single way possible. Played both professionally and casually by millions of passionate fans worldwide, Dota 2 is what every other MOBA is trying to achieve. If you play League of Legends, stop playing that and play this. The supreme MOBA and my favorite game of 2013. Full article here:
game-hours: 1484.7
review: The Best game in the History of E-Sports
game-hours: 249.4
review: It takes like 80 hours before you reach the stage where if you screw up, you will know why and can learn from it. Once you're there, though, it's really really fun. My greatest advice to new players: please don't try using Meepo, even though he has a funny face. Also, Kunkka is the bane of your eixistence early game when you're new. Other than that, when you're in a game, the little book thing in the top left contains community guides that will light up which skills you should get in order. Wish someone told me that when I started out.
game-hours: 454.1
review: What more can be said about this game that havent already been said?
game-hours: 1763.7
review: THE BEST GAME EVER !
game-hours: 1061.7
review: If you want to learn different languages without a teacher, this is the best way to do it. If you want to argue with everybody, this is the best way to do it. If you want to loose your time, this is the best way to do it.
game-hours: 3354.8
review: Un jeu qu'il est bien
game-hours: 2590.8
review: Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool. Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool.
game-hours: 1364.8
review: Dota 2. Well, Dota 2 is definitely the best game I have ever played in my whole life. From this game I gained so many awesome friends,mates and never felt bored while playing with them. It's a fun game if played with friends. Dota 2 requires TeamWork in order to win the game properly. Dota 2 is purely based on Skill. And I said this for four reasons : 1-Counter picking. 2-Map awareness. 3-When to start a team fight when to defend. 4-Picking right items. Plus the more you play Dota 2, the more you want to learn about the game, and then you will enjoy playing it more than anytime! So actually Dota 2 is more like a team game. But playing solo is an other story... In solo matchmaking TeamWork is laughable. People will most likely tell you what to do step by step. If you don't follow what they're telling you. [All chat] "report player". Your random teammates will blame you for every single mistake you have done. And they won't even try to help you. They will just start insulting you in [All chat] and this will result to a lost game. I have tried to be nice with all my teammates when playing SOLO but as everytime, it's either I carry the team or I will lose the game. it's my mates attitude, I rarely get to play with people who speaks English properly. I will always get the " squad" spamming in [All chat], "REPORT INVOKER NO GANK!!" " blat, adi nahoo". I'm not quite sure what they're saying, but I'm positive, they're insulting me or my mother, most of the time. Well of course there are nice guys, but they are rare. Overall this game is awesome and somewhat addictive. B E C A R E F U L L. 8/10
game-hours: 1494.4
review: =kak shess toka govno |-10|-10|=
game-hours: 27.2
review: Want to learn russian language? Go get this game now. Every match there gonna be at least one russian guy who yell on you all the time. Love this game
game-hours: 1610.8
review: this game is your best friend and worst enemy at the same time if you start playing it you can't leave anymore imagine your very personal hell
game-hours: 901.0
review: I'll give a thumbs up only because the game itself is pretty good, but this is not an actual review, its more like a short summary about my over 900 hours spent into this game (LOL n00b cant write  until 2kh NOOB). I started playing it because my friends convinced me, and because almost everybody in the forum I post on play this. So I started playing it both with my friends and solo. Today at the end of my very last match(which I lost) I realized that I have never had fun in this game. I mean, out of 900 hours I can only remember like, 7-8 really funny moments where I actually laughed. Oh, the irony of fate, the very last laugh was in my very last match. I was Earthshaker top dire in lane with Warlock against Death Prophet and Batrider, we got first blood like 10 seconds after the 00:00 mark, I spotted DP warding our jungle, I used fissure to block her escape way and Warlock used Shadow Word. While we were AA her, she started to move left and right like she didn't know what to do, it looked like she was dancing, and it reminded me of that case of mass hysteria happening around the early XVI century in France, where several people started dancing uncontrollably for weeks until they died(yes I know, my interests are ed up), and THAT actually made me laugh, THAT to me was a funny moment, not the quick first blood, not the 2 more kills we did on bat in the next couple of minutes (warlock got all of them btw) but the fact that DP started dancing while we were beating her up. This made me think a little, but only for a couple of seconds, there's a game to win here guys! Focus! There's very little to say about what happened next, the typical things that usually happen in a bad, unranked, 0 MMR, trench  tier match; me without blink until 25:00; our Drow disconnecting (and abandoned) cause of PC problems, Lina with Aghanim and no Meka; wards only for half match(I'm guilty of it too); we lost Roshan two times, over 20 kills of difference for the Radiants, Lina and Storm Spirit arguing with each other, calling names, your mama did this, your fatha did that, your sista lul  don't evel let me start on that one, and so on. At the very end of the match, we hid in the fountain waiting for them to FF GG WP EZ QQ M8S ecc, and in that moment, reading the argue between Lina and Storm, i asked myself some questions: Am i having fun? Is this game making me laugh? How many funny moments i can remember about this game? Is that normal that to me every single match i've done looks exactly the same as the others(lul of cuz yes u ing <2kh scum n00b)? The answers to the questions were: no, no, not even 10, i don't know. In that instant, I realized that this game, to me, was just a gigantic waste of time. How many times have I actually enjoyed what was going on on screen? Why am I taking this so seriously? Why do I want to win so desperately? Why do my teammates want to win so desperately? ... How many times have I smiled while playing this game? ... These are not pro player matches we play, we are earning nothing from this, there's no need to yell at each other! This makes me sad. I've heard yelling my whole life, I play games because they help me forget about how life is hard, to relax and laugh at the hundreds and hundreds of funny, silly, nonsense moments this beautiful piece of software can gift me. Games really help me, they help me a lot. Please, guys, stop, dont get mad, Im serious! This is a game, right? Games are meant to be fun! Please stop arguing, we lost a videogame, its not the end of the world, next time you will win, we will all win :) and even if you don't, who cares! Its just a videogame! Enjoy the little things you can get out of it! Remember DP dancing to death? Wasn't that fun? Remember Pudge denying himself after we wasted literally all we got at him? And then the Radiants team wiped us? Yes, we lost money and experience, but wasn't that kinda fun? Sorta fun? Even a little bit? Yes we lost this match but cmon! Don't hide in the fountain! Lets do something silly to them! Lets annoy them! Storm, use your ulti to get near them and then immediately go back in the fountain! Lets watch them throwing everything at you in the attempt of catching you! Isn't that fun? :D <<Storm?>> <<Storm?>> <<Storm?, are you listening to me?, Storm are you still arguing with Lina because of her Aghanim? She made a mistake, everybody makes mistakes, there is no need to take it personally! Now she knows that Aghanim is a no-no, shes got it, now just chill out man, its a game!>> :D *SLAP* << :O b-but Storm, w-why? ;( >> <<BECAUSE U R A ING L0SER THATS WHY YOU PIECE OF SHIET! YOU FED LIKE YOUR ING MOTHA LAST NIGHT YOU ING N00B IDIOT  SCUM ING UNISTAL DOTO YOU  PIECE OF TRASH I HOPE THIS NIGHT YOU DIE IN YOUR SLEEP DREAMING OF ONE THOUSANDS ING BIG BLACK  RAPING ALL YOUR HOLES, ALL YOUR MOTHA'S HOLES, ALL YOUR FATHA'S HOLES, ALL YOUR LITTLE SISTAH'S HOLES, ALL YOUR DOG'S HOLES, ALL YOUR CAT'S HOLES ALL YOUR ING FAMILY HOLES!!!11 AND THEN I HOPE THEY PUT YOUR BODY AND ALL YOUR FAMILY'S BODIES IN THE DARKEST CORNER OF YOUR  WHITE TRASH WOODEN HOUSE AND THEN  ALL OVER YOU AND YOUR FAMILY IN AN ORGY OF PAIN, BLOOD, LUST, PISS,  AND SMELLY  ONLY TO LATER CATCH FIRE TO THE  AND MASTURBATE ON THE STINKING PILE OF BURNED  THAT IS YOUR BODY NOW.>> << ... >> << b-but, this is a game remember? We play to have fun, it has been like this since we were kids in school! :D>> <<THIS IS NOT JUST A ING GAME YOU  WORTHLESS PIECE OF  THIS IS REAL! THIS IS THE BIG DEAL! THIS IS SERIOUS ING BUSINESS! THATS WHAT YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND YOU STEAMING PILE OF RAT ! HAVE YOU SEEN THE INTERNATIONAL WITH THAT CRAPPY CONNECTION YOU HAVE? HAVE YOU SEEN IT IDIOT? AH? HAVE YOU? HAVE YOU SEEN HOW MUCH MONEY CAN YOU MAKE WITH THIS ING PIECE OF NASTY  OF A GAME? MILLIONS FOR GOD'S SAKE! MILLIONS! CAN YOU EVEN SPELL THAT? << o-of course I can Dave! We went to school together!>> <<THAT WAS IRONIC YOU DUMB >> << d-dave, i -i think you meant "sarcastic", you see, the difference is that "irony" consist in saying one thing, but in reality, you meant the exact opposite in a funny and jolly way :D! While "sarcastic" is the same thing but ... in a ... not so ... funny way. ??? >> :( << ... >> << I'm going to kill you Joseph. I'm going to kill you so hard you'll die. Its not like I will miss you or anything, during my whole life, mum and dad always had to compare me to you. "Oh Dave, why can't you be more like Joseph? He loves studying, he's nice, gentle, very popular at school, hell at he's age he already has a little girlfriend! And she's cute too". You disgust me, Joseph. I hate you. I hate you and now I will end your miserable life. But I'm not doing it because of mum and dad, oh nou. I'm doing this because you're bad at Doto, Joseph. You suck at this game, you suck so hard its outstanding.>> << b-but, its just a game! >> :( << Its my way out of this ty town we live in, Joseph, and having a brother bad at Doto will ruin my glorious yet-to-come pro player reputation. Now be a man and make your brother happy, Ive already loaded dad's Glock.>> << B-but Dave! Do you really want to kill your brother just because you lost a videogame???>> T_T <<ROTFLNO, of course I don't want to kill my brother only because I lost a videogame. Silly Josephine.>> :D <<I want to kill you because YOU made ME lose a videogame.>> D: *BANG* TL;DR lul git gud n00b trench scum
game-hours: 1782.6
review: If you want to no life a game and ruin all of your friendships and ruin your social life well here you go this is the perfect game. 10/10 would dotoski again.
game-hours: 2722.0
review: Dota 2 is a Multiplayer Online Battle Area (MOBA) game with a huge community and fanbase. This game takes the player's hand-to-eye coordination, decision making, reaction time and teamwork and puts it to the test in a 5 vs 5 situation. Unlike most of the MOBA games on the market Dota 2 is free of charge from the beginning with no money, in-game or real money being spent to unlock playable characters meaning players do not have an advantage over others on the choices they have and it's easier for beginners to get to know a hero. However this game does have a rather steep learning 'cliff' (similar to a learning curve but instead of gradually learning, it takes some time then the game *snaps* into focus for you and you become pretty good and then it's a normal learning curve from there on). There are a few issues with the levels of toxicity of some of the players but overall this is a good game, higly addictive though and you'll probably end up being glued to the screen for hours on end.
game-hours: 967.6
review: Dota 2 is one of those games which cause a myriad of emotions. You'll love it and hate it all at the same time but that doesn't stop it from being the most competitive and professional eSport games on the planet. One of the first negative things you're going to encounter in Dota 2 is the learning curve. It isn't like most games. It requires knowledge of many unique aspects and only after encountering every hero at least once, will you start to get comfortable. If you want to take Dota 2 seriously, or even casually, prepare to invest a lot of time. Guides can of course cut this time substantially. When you do learn to play, you will be rewarded with one of the biggest feelings of accomplishment of any game. You will feel like a god among men - but remember, most people feel this, and as such, the Dota community is one of arrogant and toxic tossers. There are nice players, but there are plenty of unpleasant ones. If you want to play Dota 2 properly, you need to play with friends - or just learn to mute people. Overall, Dota 2 is a team game that is really hard to play casually. You will either love it or hate it - but more often than not, both at the same time.
game-hours: 1191.6
review: Do you want to play tactically with your friends? then Dota 2 is made for you and your friends! Think about how you dominated the game and you destroy the enemy.
game-hours: 1.3
review: Dota 2 is probably tied with Call of Duty for the best online multiplayer indie anime game. The people who made this game knew what they needed to do to make this into the great game that it is today. I have about .3 hours on this game and I can tell you those were the best .3 hours of my life. The great thing about this game is the friendly community, I remember after a match the person on the opposite team said I was a , I assumed that was the German word for Gg. All and all I reccomend this game to any one who loves a game with a good campaign and story. And remember to say  after every Dota 2 match.
game-hours: 377.9
review: fdsg
game-hours: 815.6
review: Day in the life of Dota 2 player: -Wake up in the morning and think about playing some Dota but instead prepare for school. -Watch some famous players play Dota the last few minutes you have before you leave. -Get on the bus and fall asleep only to think about Dota. -Get to class and make murmurs here and there about Dota and curses about noobs or matches you lost. -Get random smiles throughout the day when you remember a really amazing match, but sadly have nobody to share it with because all your friends play League. -Get on the bus to get home and realize you have a lot of homework, have to walk far from the bus to get home, and play Dota. -Run like a mad man from bus stop to get home for Dota. -Have an argument with yourself on whether you should play Dota or finish your project you have been putting off for Dota. -Play dota for only 1 match he says. Finishes at 10pm he does. -Hate yourself because you didnt finish any work, talk to any non-Dota friends, and played 7+ hours of Dota. -Cry yourself to sleep and wake up in the morning to do it again. Dota has essentially ruined my life. I went onto the steam store to find a F2P game because I was always bored with hours of time. I played stuff like warface and what not and I kept seeing this. I had also heard about youtubers making jokes about the game so I figured why the heck not. Played the game ONCE. That's when the addiction started. Soon my hours of freetime reduced to minutes, seconds, sometimes I would stay up 3+ hours later just to play more matches. DONT EVEN THINK OF MAKING FRIENDS ON HERE, THEY ONLY ENCOURAGE YOU TO PLAY MORE. Dota has essentially taken my life away, and I must say im ing loving it. Dota is love Dota is life. Warning game causes following symptoms: -Racism towards Russians for reasons you don't even udnerstand, -Insomnia -Anxiety -High blood Pressure -Low blood Sugar -Malnutrition -EXTREME LEVELS OF STRESS -Hyperventalation -High amounts of giddyness and happyness -Extremem amounts of sadness -Rage And carpul tunnel. Worth it. 10/10
game-hours: 1745.9
review: absolutely awesome game
game-hours: 1626.2
review: The greatest FPS since Medal of Honor, Warfighter
game-hours: 3560.2
review: i wish i had a life. 2.5k hours in dota is very embarrasing.
game-hours: 1049.0
review: An execeltn way to create fake dreams for yourself, Insult random people, Become absolutely racist towards Russians, Peruvians and what not, Loose all social life/ fail academicly But look at the bright side, you're 4k mmr now!!! 10/10
game-hours: 780.7
review: This game undoubtedly made me hate all Russians that have and ever will exist. Possibly the dumbest most annoying population to step foot on this earth. Gas the Russians.
game-hours: 1512.2
review: hello to all DOTA 2 gamers...
game-hours: 0.5
review: terrible
game-hours: 3214.3
review: !!!
game-hours: 1479.1
review: i like recomend this game to all people leaving in russia continent!! its maybe no so nice because it always match us on people from continents like EUROPE WESTERN, EUROPE EASTERN, EUROPE NORTHERN etc.. i ask what the hell? why no let us play only continent RUSIA???? anyway i started play game when my girlfrend dad sayed me : " u want to nutela plug my daughter, u gota go straight 5k mmr son" and i repleyed: "yes, i gona get ur daughter nutela" so it began. At first i was not so good because i was only 3k mmr and i played only bad heroes. But i improved and reached 4k. Then it was very hard because i had noob teammate from EUROPE and they losed me games. But i started playing many ursa game in jungler and antimage on offlane (1v3 style) and I winner 80% of games there. Thats how i worked hard for my first girl nutela opening. Ty for reading all, many love, your brendao
game-hours: 27.3
review: /10
game-hours: 1754.0
review: Amazing. BUT. Russia. Just Russia. Pray to God that you do not get put with Russians who play on the Europe west Server.
game-hours: 6.3
review: Im noob, I don't understand nothing and nobody in my team want explain me. 10/10
game-hours: 3771.0
review: Boring
game-hours: 1849.3
review: Such a great game. If you like teamplay go and play. But pay attention to Russians!!! (speacially brainless russians)
game-hours: 1013.7
review: Really fun game with friends or solo play alot of heros and updates and fetures skins and upgrades!
game-hours: 3878.9
review: Promotes teamwork and strategies
game-hours: 1292.3
review: LOL, but I love this game, because the train teamwork, quick thinking in making decisions, and there are many interesting things in this game .. bye bye
game-hours: 389.5
review: More Russians on DOTA than there are asians in League. 10/10
game-hours: 1494.1
review: about the steamcommunity market!
game-hours: 1258.5
review: Man, this game has wasted my Life... And Stole my Wallet.... 11/10 Learnt Russian
game-hours: 1528.6
review: i love dota 2
game-hours: 645.3
review: Created by Blizzard and stolen by Valve, Dota 2 is one of today's most popular Multiplayer Online Battle Arena games, with a mere 9 million more monthly players than its close competitor, Avalon Heroes. Based on a third-party modification for Warcraft III, Dota 2 strives to fill the wallets of its developers and empty the wallets of its players. This classic strategy game offers a substantial amount of playable heroes (each with their own unique and blatantly overpowered abilities to fit any playstyle), only one map and a metric buttload of entirely worthless cosmetic items. Being the best video game in existence comes at a price: Dota 2 has a very steep learning curve, requiring an estimated 14 years played before gaining a basic understanding of how the game works and another 30 years to get a very weak grasp of any one hero's hundreds of thousands of spells and abilities. On top of individual skill, this game heavily relies on teamwork, coordination and communication - this ensures that you will get buttraped the first 500 games you play. Also it's free. Rubbish game straight from the bargain bin; 10/10.
game-hours: 990.3
review: ing russians.  game, dont ever play this game on an EU server or you are ed.
game-hours: 2.3
review: hello my name is joey and this is my dota (defense of the asians) 2 review doter two is a moba game whcih means that you are a battle solier that has to fite other battle soldier on a map teh map has three pathways or lanes and you have to kill the enemy asian with ur teame. the game was made by 3 autists in the summer of 2008 after playing boardd games and getting their positive results back, they wanted 2 make a game about autism and asians so they sstarted programming and got the disaster that is doter 2 personly i think the game is super super hard and its not balanced the sniper dude can instanltiy kill you but its fun when you kill an asian my final rating is 7/10 because bad but still good
game-hours: 638.9
review: A team game were over 90% of people dont want to cooperate, play as a team, talk, plan, do strats and so on. Game looks good at first, but at the end of the day, its just a horrible online experience. If you have a 5 man stack, with good game knowledge, good coordination, yeah matches can be decent (but i recommend setting up "inhouse matches" with another 5 man stack!!). If you dont have a 5 man stack, its a pub train all day (or just plain bad/noobish). You win 50-5, then you lose 45-7, then you win 41-17, then you lose 60-28 and so on. Its all about the "lucky roll of the dice" named matchmaking. Most players that play this game have lvl 0-1 accounts, with only dota or other free to play games. So dont think if you report them, they care. They just make another account to troll, feed or w/e. Also, alot of people play this game drunk, stoned, or just very tired. That can be ok i guess in a 1v1 game, or a 2v2 with one of their buddies. But in a 5v5 team game, its not nice. They just ruin the experience for alot of other people. Most people use their own language. Chatting or writing. Teamspeak or just skype is not on their menu. So most russians will speak russian, most turks will speak turkish and so on. There is no region lock. Again, for a 1v1 game, maybe that could work. But for a game like dota, having a player from Australia or Peru joining the Euro server with 300-400 ping is not cool. And alot of people just check more servers for faster queue times and also check more languages. So if you check EU West or US East, and expect all people to have good pings and speak english, think again :)). At least some of the dota 2 players, played wc3 or dota 1, dont even get me started with the other mobas... Its the only genre that makes me feel ive wasted my time in most cases when i play the game. Bonus: People either flame/curse etc, or just dont know what the hell they are doing. In most cases both ^_^ So, i recommend using your free time / gaming time, playing other games. And stay away from all free to play team games / MMO's. They are a magnet for trolls, kids or just noobs that dont care. And you know why? Bcuz they can make 1000 accounts... So if they get banned or their ranking has gone down, its no problem, new acc on the way. Its kinda sad, game could have been fun. But its not. And thigs will never change bcuz of all the reasons ive stated above. The game at its core is good, but the overall online experience is bad. Cant recommend this for a new player, a true newbie. Cant recommend this either for an old skool RTS player. These guys online dont even look at the minimap!! So most of the time the games/matches wont be good and fun. Even most of the wins are fun just bcuz you had fun / a good talk or w/e, with a real life friend that you had on skype, or a gaming friend that you laned with, not bcuz of the dota match tbh. So just go and drink beer with that mate, or just play other games with him/them. With this concept of f2p and team gameplay, i cant see valve fixing this, so i cant see a reason to recommend this. Sure you can get random good matches, but after all my experience playing this, i think you are better off without this game / genre completely. Peace!
game-hours: 4394.5
review: is best game
game-hours: 1.7
review: Playerbase is made up of elitist nerds that  and cry about everything. Worst community on steam in my opinion. Also the game itself isn't that special. 1 map and gamemode? Lame. Bunch of dumb gimmicky heros.
game-hours: 3576.7
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 106.3
review: This is truly a masterpiece of gaming. Naughty Dog's latest title, and their first foray into the first-person shooter genre, is without a doubt a dazzling success. Drumstick of the Albatross 2, co-designed by Gabe Newell and David "Phreak" Turley, has everything: HUNDREDS of weapons to choose from, an ENORMOUS array of materials obtainable to build one's own home base, and THREE different unlockable character models. At the low price of $5.99 each, booster packs are an amazing addition, allowing one's character and mount to be personalized even further. But where DotA 2 really shines is in its gameplay. The tight control scheme, designed exclusively for the Steam controller, allows a seemingly seamless interface between man and machine--you ARE the character. The experience of battling with enemy mechs up-close and personal is unrivalled by any game, especially with the advanced mango physics. Overall, I would rate DotA 2 a 9.8/10 experience; its only flaw is the slight lack of purchasable, pay-to-win content that I usually rely on to make my gaming experiences successful. I'd love to see a DotA 3, especially if Zynga takes a note out of Blizzard's book and makes the game dozens of times easier for paying customers to succeed at PvP.
game-hours: 1450.6
review: Wanna learn russian? , blyat!! Wanna feel angry enough to punch a baby? Like to be insulted in every way possible in a foreign language? Then this is the game for you! Enter the wonderful world of Dota, you may become good enough to win milions one day (not).
game-hours: 2365.9
review: Dota 2 Teach me how to spend $200 and cut my algebra classes the good thing about dota 2 is you can learn to speak Russian,Portuguese,Spanish and Chinese School will never taught you how to speak foreign language. its also a good language simulator if you want to practice your language skills all you have to do is to click Russia and communicate with your Russian comrades MOTHER RUSSIA WILL LOVE YOU <3 After playing Dota 2 expect these few things 1.You can speak Russian language 2.You become more aggressive 3.You'll spend more than $300 on awesome cosmetic items 4.Expect high electricity bill 5.Say Goodbye to your future Goodbye to my future ruined my life 11/10 TOTALLY WORTH IT
game-hours: 2480.3
review: Awful.
game-hours: 1450.6
review: Wanna learn russian? , blyat!! Wanna feel angry enough to punch a baby? Like to be insulted in every way possible in a foreign language? Then this is the game for you! Enter the wonderful world of Dota, you may become good enough to win milions one day (not).
game-hours: 487.1
review: This games players act like somthing that came out of chernobyl. When i play the game that night i have to take some Rad away. Like my post if you have two not one but two C@cks and if you call now you will get a free Rock for Rust.
game-hours: 1962.7
review: Great depth and variety will keep you playing til you lose all your friends from yelling at them.
game-hours: 2365.9
review: Dota 2 Teach me how to spend $200 and cut my algebra classes the good thing about dota 2 is you can learn to speak Russian,Portuguese,Spanish and Chinese School will never taught you how to speak foreign language. its also a good language simulator if you want to practice your language skills all you have to do is to click Russia and communicate with your Russian comrades MOTHER RUSSIA WILL LOVE YOU <3 After playing Dota 2 expect these few things 1.You can speak Russian language 2.You become more aggressive 3.You'll spend more than $300 on awesome cosmetic items 4.Expect high electricity bill 5.Say Goodbye to your future Goodbye to my future ruined my life 11/10 TOTALLY WORTH IT
game-hours: 106.3
review: This is truly a masterpiece of gaming. Naughty Dog's latest title, and their first foray into the first-person shooter genre, is without a doubt a dazzling success. Drumstick of the Albatross 2, co-designed by Gabe Newell and David "Phreak" Turley, has everything: HUNDREDS of weapons to choose from, an ENORMOUS array of materials obtainable to build one's own home base, and THREE different unlockable character models. At the low price of $5.99 each, booster packs are an amazing addition, allowing one's character and mount to be personalized even further. But where DotA 2 really shines is in its gameplay. The tight control scheme, designed exclusively for the Steam controller, allows a seemingly seamless interface between man and machine--you ARE the character. The experience of battling with enemy mechs up-close and personal is unrivalled by any game, especially with the advanced mango physics. Overall, I would rate DotA 2 a 9.8/10 experience; its only flaw is the slight lack of purchasable, pay-to-win content that I usually rely on to make my gaming experiences successful. I'd love to see a DotA 3, especially if Zynga takes a note out of Blizzard's book and makes the game dozens of times easier for paying customers to succeed at PvP.
game-hours: 3576.7
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 1187.0
review: i liked it because it is a strategy game even when they are trashtalkers and others are angry if the player is noob
game-hours: 2275.8
review: This Game so NICE
game-hours: 2467.6
review: good game
game-hours: 4410.4
review: I should be a rocket scientist by now if I didn't spend more than 2,200hrs of my life on this game. But it's worth it. 10/10
game-hours: 1233.6
review: The best game in steam ever. a little bit hard to learn but it is ing epic
game-hours: 2467.6
review: good game
game-hours: 2275.8
review: This Game so NICE
game-hours: 676.6
review: My butt hurts from all this death I receive from meepo, night stalker, tiny, sven, slardar, sand king, earthshaker, dragon knight, tide hunter, lifestealer, omniknight, huskar, doom, pudge again, spirit breaker, lycan, brewmaster, treant protector, io, chaos knight, undying, centaur warrunner, magnus, abaddon, bristleback, elder titan, earth spirit, legion commander, anti-mage, bloodseeker, drow ranger, shadow fiend, juggernaut, razor, venomancer, mirana, faceless void, morphling, phantom assassin, phantom lancer, vengeful spirit, viper, clinkz, riki, sniper, templar assassin, broodmother, weaver, luna, spectre, bounty hunter, meepo again, ursa, nyx assassin, gyrocopter, slark, lone druid, medua, naga siren, troll warlord, ember spirit, crystal maiden, bane, lich, puck, lion, storm spirit, windranger, witch doctor, zeus, enigma, lina, necrophos, shadow shaman, warlock, enchantress, queen of pain, nature's prophet, death prophet, tinker, pugna, dazzle, jakiro, chen, leshrac, silencer, dark seer, ogre magi, batrider, rubick, invoker, ancient apparition, KotL, outworld devourer, skywrath mage, shadow demon, disruptor and visage. That or I suck at this game.
game-hours: 2916.8
review: Ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 914.6
review: Really nice moba!
game-hours: 1188.8
review: Dota 2 is the newest part of the "Wizard-em-up" genre, with League of Legends leading the helm. You work together with a band of Peruvian Warriors to defeat the kotka tribe and their leader clan_iraq. Will you survive?
game-hours: 1402.5
review: ..
game-hours: 21.0
review: how do i into brazil
game-hours: 1912.4
review: It's .
game-hours: 2166.9
review: Terrible game
game-hours: 55.9
review: One of those games you get better at the more you play. I'm really loving the wide range of characters and abilities. With some approvements it could be better but any changes might alter the what makes the game great in the first place. Definitely worth more than a try.
game-hours: 1.2
review: Cassy Stop
game-hours: 26.2
review: darude - sandstorm/10
game-hours: 1288.0
review: Yeah
game-hours: 2985.1
review: This is a short story about a player named Karl and his experience with Dota 2. There once was a time, long ago when Karl played games expecting no help from the team... He chose snowball heroes his MMR rose, there was a certain joy in his victories no matter how badly his team did. Then after long nights of 1v5 he thought to himself "I wonder how it would be if i played with those other four russians" For a week he tried to help lead others into the light of smart plays, excelent ward placement, and proper item choices. He led by example keeping the games close through the mid-game. But when the late game struck and the enemies BKBs were built, the team he spent the past thirty minutes of his life guiding and supporting were not there. They were not there when the bottom rax fell, they were not there when the ward spotted the Radiant attempt on roshan's life, they were not there when the mid rax was taken, they were farming, chasing illusions and supports. When the time came. When the last set of rax seemed doomed to fall, they came. In came my four hard carries like the lost children of a single mother they came to defend my home from the void. They had spent so much time farming and leaving the fighting to me that they hadnt a clue how to fight together. the four of them died a horrible death, only killing a crystal maiden they saw on their way back to the base... Why do i tell you this tale? Because there is a moral to the story, never play a support to climb the MMR bracket. It only leaves you heart broken, and 25MMR less. 10/10 would Carry again.
game-hours: 535.6
review: One of the most addictive games i have played so far. Yes i have the greed of drops no lying but this one is just kickass :D Different heroes their abilities and the items. <3 Heroes range from funny to creepy :D . Okay for those who will start new there are a few things. Just don't ignore the tutorial it's boring at first but really important. and do ask you friends while in game which item is good for which hero and go for easy heroes at first like Rikki or Razor, don't wish to make lots of kills at first just hang around your friends and towers and defend, it's generally a helping community, Start making friends when you understand the game better to make a team for when you have to play ranked matches. People do say go after the recommended items and it's right for when you start playing first but after that every item has an detailed explanation just go through them and with your gut feeling because it doesn't matter what skills the heroes have what matters is how you use their skills and no one knows it better than you yourself.
game-hours: 1348.6
review: jhbjhb
game-hours: 1099.8
review: Love the game 100% But sad people like to bully and mock other people in-game and affect other people too -But still love the game (Y) 9.5/10
game-hours: 2013.3
review: I'll make it easy for you. This game is amazing! If you want to know why then keep reading. DOTA 2 is a completely free to play MOBA. The things that you can buy are mostly just for novelty or cosmetics for your heroes. There's no paying to win in this game. If you are interested in winning expect to put a lot of time in as this game has a STEEP learning curve. The good news is that this game is so popular that you won't have any trouble finding some game guides or youtube videos to help you out. Dota 2 is also one of the best Esports games out there currently. They have tournaments on a regular basis and you are able to watch them directly from in game! This game also has fantastic graphics and can run easily on most PCs. On top of that the game is developed by Valve so of course it has fantastic support both from them and the community. This without a doubt is one of the best games available today. Did I mention it was free? Read more game reviews at
game-hours: 3133.4
review: Will always be a noob and never know too much about it, but always fun
game-hours: 1505.3
review: Making Russians angry is always funny.
game-hours: 25.8
review: sick, they have unusuals too
game-hours: 738.4
review: I don't like this game very much. Every time I play it, I want to kill myself. Anytime I play with friends, I don't want to be friends with them anymore. Anytime I play with random strangers, I want to kill the entire population of this pathetic planet. This game is bad, because it makes you realise how bad everything else is. The game itself is 10/10, but playing the game is a whole different adventure. It ruins your life. Don't start playing this game, it will consume you. A+++
game-hours: 68.3
review: I cannot delete this piece of  game from my library
game-hours: 1574.1
review: i love this game and giff me ferrari_430 ta set
game-hours: 936.9
review: i waste my 2 676 hours with this game , playing with  russians , pinoys , feeders , afk's and RUSSIANS again . i unninstaled it because of a RUSSIAN streak. just... don't play it . please . if you want to have a good life.
game-hours: 1976.8
review: Dont play on EU west.. if you are NOT russian -.- uninstall this game, until VOLVO will get a damn IP ban for RUSSIANS on EUROPE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1514.0
review: 8:09 PM - Kinnokin: DOTA DOTA EEHEE 8:09 PM - Kinnokin: SO FUN 8:09 PM - Kinnokin: EEHEE 8:09 PM - Kinnokin: GUYS!!!! 8:09 PM - Kinnokin: LANING PHASE GUYS 8:09 PM - Kinnokin: LANES 8:09 PM - Kinnokin: LANES 8:09 PM - Kinnokin: GPM 8:09 PM - Kinnokin: EEHEE
game-hours: 2899.0
review: Best Game
game-hours: 1181.4
review: gaem never play it
game-hours: 2340.4
review: This game is loads of fun. easy tutorial for beginners :)!
game-hours: 4193.1
review: Never ending game !!!!!
game-hours: 1637.8
review: If ur a pro CoD player n u r a LoL fanatic (like me) den this game is for you
game-hours: 941.0
review: This game is terrible for coop and making friends. Its Russian and Brazil 101. I lost all my friends and my family disowned me for playing this game with me.
game-hours: 1157.2
review: Doto is gaem wer u kill enemys and u destroi teh turrents and u get  teams wer evr1 complaint and nevr work and u dstroi the think in anemy base an won game an dnt chose drw renger bcs is 4 fegets an zues is prtty stronk 2. Dota 2 is a pretty good Moba though.
game-hours: 3213.9
review: Biggest learning curve known to man. Not really but enjoy spending 1000 hours learning and memorizng all heroes, all items, and all creeps and mechanics along with damage types, warding, the gold system and so much more. Fun game if you slog through all that  first- don't play bot matches they make you garbage. Queue up with no idea how to play, like a man.
game-hours: 1012.5
review: No review
game-hours: 31.8
review: A few of my friends started playing this game, and i haven't seen them ever since. I might just download DOTA to go look for them in game. Since then i think my friends steam accounts have been hacked due to me finding all of these new russians on my friends list; anyway ill post another review after i found my friends.
game-hours: 662.8
review: Dota 2 full of russians
game-hours: 1624.7
review: update nya lama banget ...
game-hours: 1790.9
review: yes
game-hours: 2269.9
review: 'It's alright' 11/10 - IGN
game-hours: 168.0
review: This is a great game. I used to play the warcraft 3 user map settings version. It was addicting way back then, and it is still addicting now. I played league of legends before I played dota 2, and I admit i was a little scared of the transition from league to dota. But as I write this review now, I do not think I will ever play league of legends again. I will stick to playing dota2 from now until forever. Perhaps it's the nostalgia it gives me or perhaps it's fact that everyone is a  on league of legends. Eitherway, this is a great game to get into, especially if MOBAs are your type of game.
game-hours: 2674.1
review: Super FUNNN!!!
game-hours: 2006.8
review: learned alot of curse word from all over the world, 10/10
game-hours: 284.5
review: i like to play dota 2 .
game-hours: 602.0
review: Best game EVER !! \m/
game-hours: 4123.0
review: This game is very good
game-hours: 2661.5
review: Game sucks no kill streak rewrads dont play it
game-hours: 3211.2
review: a very competitive game... you only play on 1 map though.. but you wont get bored with tons of playable heroes..
game-hours: 275.6
review: you need some strategy and coperative works to win
game-hours: 6004.5
review: Ruined My Life. Five Stars.
game-hours: 1168.1
review: Awesome! Greatest! Best!
game-hours: 1139.2
review: dota2 is so good game
game-hours: 466.7
review: They said just try it, now I'm in too deep Best RPG Strategy or something like that :D
game-hours: 583.3
review: if I had another 24 hours I'll spend them reviewing this Game. But since I have only two before wake up and go to work I'll play it. That is how this game works - you play it. GGWP
game-hours: 719.8
review: Best game ever!! Join up and invite ur friends. =D
game-hours: 3849.9
review: Best game
game-hours: 1734.9
review: Ruined my life and still continues to do so. 10/10
game-hours: 2431.5
review: Play Dota. Lose all friends. Play more Dota.
game-hours: 734.6
review: Thumbs up if you want this game. Because its Awesome and free.
game-hours: 1968.5
review: nice game bad players
game-hours: 1612.7
review: nice game nice graphic nice all in dota 2 i like it dota 2 best
game-hours: 414.4
review: Amazing team game. But only for good players. Look on your hands. If you see pincers, be ready to hear interesting stories about yor Mum..
game-hours: 2006.8
review: the most great game in the world { DOTA WILL NEVER DIE }
game-hours: 722.4
review: It's ok
game-hours: 0.1
review: You might see this  installed in my friends list and go "Wow, you really have a MOBA installed?" No I don't you ing weebs. I don't play this nerd  so just stop right in your  tracks if you were gonna ask me to help you get some  360 noskill points or climb out of your "cardboard-cloud-9-tier" whatever that you dorks do. I won't have that . I installed this "Dot A" game because some disgusting ski-mask-wearing cockbiting chuckle put a gun to my head and said if I didn't install it then he would suicide bomb every bald eagle. We all know I don't  around when it comes to the greatest symbol of freedom on Earth so I installed this dumb spaz  before punching that  in the throat and breaking his  neck and promptly washing my hard drive in bleach. Because Corporal Jace Stryker once told me "I don't negotiate with Cyber Terrorists" and I don't either god dammit. #SemperFidelis
game-hours: 0.2
review: STAY AWAY. JUST STAY AWAY.
game-hours: 7.2
review: Good game; bad community. Don't play it and expect it to be a game that you can just pick up and play. Doing the above will only net you Russians, Brazillians, and being put on the worst teams imaginable. Also, Valve isn't Volvo, people; You could've lived without Diretide.
game-hours: 0.1
review: I just wanted to try the game out, and i couldn't run it well. So i go to delete it from my library when i realize that i cant. I give this game a thumbs down because It is literally poison to my eyes every time i see it in my library. All you people who suggest hiding it in another folder, shut up. I will just have a crappy folder as an eyesore instead. Screw you Dota 2 and Dota 2 test, GET OUT OF MY ING LIBRARY!
game-hours: 1.5
review: dont do that
game-hours: 1.1
review: I couldn't really get into the game, don't enjoy these kinds of games. I'm assuming it takes a while to get into, but it's very daunting for a new player in my opinion. Unless you have previous experience or plenty of time to play, I don't really recommend it.
game-hours: 0.6
review: shrek is love shrek is life
game-hours: 6.2
review: this game is simply terrible the level of idiots is remarkable and if you like the idea like the first dota simple download League of legends from riot games it is also free but u can report cheaters/noobs/etc. bec. they update unimaginably frequently that every month they bring a new hero 2/10
game-hours: 1168.1
review: Awesome! Greatest! Best!
game-hours: 1139.2
review: dota2 is so good game
game-hours: 466.7
review: They said just try it, now I'm in too deep Best RPG Strategy or something like that :D
game-hours: 583.3
review: if I had another 24 hours I'll spend them reviewing this Game. But since I have only two before wake up and go to work I'll play it. That is how this game works - you play it. GGWP
game-hours: 1153.8
review: This is a good game.
game-hours: 1854.8
review: This game is a best way to prepare for living in the upcoming Russian Empire.
game-hours: 3130.7
review: ? :'(
game-hours: 1508.8
review: Nowhere near as cool as League of Legends. I mean, you get all the heroes for free? What kind of stupid game designer implements that? Also, this game is clearly a copy of LoL. Forget the fact that the original Dota was made way before League of Legends.
game-hours: 1082.5
review: \_()_/
game-hours: 1547.1
review: 9/10 would feed and rage again
game-hours: 867.1
review: Literally the worst game i have ever played
game-hours: 0.6
review: Very crappy matchmaking. Opponents too OP. Bad graphics. No first person view. Long loading screens. Unpolite and awfuly rude teammates that call you in many bad names. Even my grandma's toaster has a better frame rate and It also makes you crunchy bread. Heroe's are called just like pornstars, for example - Queen of pain, Crystal maiden, Bounty hunter, Silencer, Witch doctor. Or just sounds a little bit too homosexual - Lone druid, Razor, Batrider, Nature's prophet, Beastmaster and Tiny. Last, but not least is MAGNUS. This hero does not only wield a name that`s destined for a huge , but his horn also looks like one too. Sadly, heroes appearance is also poor. Meepo looks lika a rabbit that smokes weed before every round. IO is just a light bulb. Kunkka is the Heihachi Mishima from Tekken. Morphiling is just water. I think Sven and Juggernaut are twins. Storm spirit looks like an avarage asian man, only he loves drinking energy drinks and watching tentacle porn too often. Nature's prophet cannot even smell flowers because he has no possesion of a nose. Ogre magi has the nicest . He/they beat even cuties like Mirana and Windranger. Faceless void? Let's just call him Eyeless d*ckhead. All females look... let's just say - pretty bangable. Annddddd..... Magnus. Name says It all. Lastly I`d like to say that all maps are identical which makes game boring after a while and game's ending is too predictable. All items that I buy always disappear starting the next round and I hate when games don't have easter eggs or other skins for characters. If you have read this until the end, listen to me, listen to the voice of reason, turn off the computer, go outside and discover all the things the world can give to you. If you don't, well, welcome to the dota nation.
game-hours: 175.1
review: .
game-hours: 3106.5
review: A solid Multiplayer-Online Battle-Arena game... What is a MOBA? a Moba is probably a game where by fundamentals everything is first set in total equilibrium... and players actions, skills, teamwork and effort is what makes the difference for one team to finally win over another. With over 100 different heroes to choose from, all absolutely free, no need to unlock and no need to buy anything.... On top of the "seemingly" repetitive one map and mode there's actually different events with a very distinct gameplay and features.. ranging from Team versus Team like Diretide and even Co-oP like the Wraith Night. The game's business model is the way I see it, most user-friendly... Everything you want unlocked is unlocked... Everything that u can buy is purely eye-candy and visual effects and models... But at the same time, one courier... one announcer... one "set" on your favorite hero is enough to make the game experience just SO MUCH more! Be Vary though.... Amongst the player base lurk some really irrittating and annoying children from all across the globe, who's primary aim and goal ( in game and in life ) is to just annoy people and piss them off for their own pleasure. Steer clear of falling into arguments with them that cost you the whole game and some nerve cells... There's the report abuse button and let the MODs do the rest!
game-hours: 6388.7
review: Affection Anger Angst Anguish Annoyance Anxiety Apathy Arousal Awe Boredom Confidence Contempt Contentment Courage Curiosity Depression Desire Despair Disappointment Disgust Distrust Dread Ecstasy Embarrassment Envy Euphoria Excitement Fear Frustration Gratitude Grief Guilt Happiness Hatred Hope Horror Hostility Hurt Hysteria Indifference Interest Jealousy Joy Loathing Loneliness Love Lust Outrage Panic Passion Pity Pleasure Pride Rage Regret Relief Remorse Sadness Satisfaction Self-confidence Shame Shock Shyness Sorrow Suffering Surprise Terror Trust Wonder Worry Zeal Zest You'll have them all, but in your own, unique order.
game-hours: 3753.6
review: The most expensive free game I've ever played, has cost me my health, happiness and hope for the future of the human race. 10/10
game-hours: 2447.7
review: game. ing sick of it .
game-hours: 1408.3
review: niceeee GLHF
game-hours: 777.7
review: its teaching how to be good at teamwork
game-hours: 1963.6
review: aw
game-hours: 2719.3
review: ASSFAGOTS
game-hours: 2046.7
review: Dota 2 Is the best game ever
game-hours: 43.7
review: Well well well, we finary got to dora 2 the ultimate free game for ghetto keeds like me. This game is confusing and dope as  with all the  to do. I played this dragon night aka og mudbone and played mid lane. I made this kids  hole the size of a popcan and  the rest of the team with stuns and . I played the retared tutorialsz and I am now mlg. I r8 this game 12 and is good for any hoe 10+.
game-hours: 1523.9
review: Best game iv'e ever played :D takes a little while to learn to play and get good but its worth it.
game-hours: 3670.8
review: love dota 2
game-hours: 1670.2
review: It ruined my life,can't sleep.can't eat.It's awesome
game-hours: 242.9
review: Wonderfull MOBA type of game. It's a lot better than LoL for me, graphics style is more appealing to adults than it's competitor. I'd score it for 9,5/10 and recommended it to all players.
game-hours: 249.3
review: Nice
game-hours: 6.1
review: T_T
game-hours: 83.9
review: dendi
game-hours: 1499.9
review: Nice game
game-hours: 1057.2
review: This game is ruining my life. Plz, call the amberlamps......whats the number for 911.....halp -ded-
game-hours: 2566.0
review: Doto is life. All praise the mighty Volvo for the blessing they have bestowed upon our puny mortal souls. This is an amazing game; the level of balance for such a wide variety of playable heroes is beyond impressive. It has the steepest learning curve of any game I've ever played. If you are bored of games being too easy, play Dota. Learn Russian. Enjoyable the inevitable hatred that will consume your soul!
game-hours: 1015.3
review: I ate a tree to gain health and I punched a flying donkey with a sword. 4/2.0
game-hours: 2475.7
review: As i start playing dota 2 it was pretty confusing at first. The few games ive played with bots were nice and later on i learned many mechannics of the game. As I advanced on to play more i suddenly find myself in a more  environment. The people i started inteacting with were pretty . Some of them just    feeding. As i      ive become a part of something . Weeks and    ive played aloneside comrades.
game-hours: 0.1
review: Basshunter - Dota
game-hours: 2008.6
review: After playin this game I understand how stupid Russians are. Thank you dota. 10/10
game-hours: 1117.6
review: nice
game-hours: 1122.4
review: It's a great tool to learn new languages! Thanks to this game I'm now fluent with Russian
game-hours: 140.9
review: Dont play this is game! it'll suck the life out of you!
game-hours: 2877.9
review: Ruined my school grades, my money management and my sleep schedule. 10/10 it's okay
game-hours: 2035.4
review: gj
game-hours: 3812.7
review: Lots of  pinoys
game-hours: 69.5
review: game  events  valve
game-hours: 2341.9
review: bok gibi
game-hours: 15.5
review: ..
game-hours: 235.9
review: COMMEND ME PLEASE hihihih
game-hours: 1353.1
review: Best Game Ever!!! Dota For LiFe!!!
game-hours: 2486.6
review: This game is hard
game-hours: 937.0
review: good game
game-hours: 2152.2
review: Playing DoTa 2 is like drinking vodka: It's addicting, draws all the russians, and makes you regret each time you do it. 10/10. Will play forever.
game-hours: 2278.5
review: BLYAD GDE CC IDI NAHUI MAMU EBAL reported.
game-hours: 1803.9
review: GG
game-hours: 1441.3
review: AHHHH FRESH MEAT
game-hours: 733.1
review: For all of Dota 2's flaws, including but not limited to - Russian kids on almost every server, a learning curve high enough that it has a bloody overhang, obnoxious "It's all about me" fools who think they can carry a game while getting their teats kicked hard enough it can turn a good match into a one-sided slaughterfest - Dota 2 is now one of my favourite games of all time. Despite the abysmal learning curve, there's one very simple step you have to take in order to be good at Dota - ...yourself. Getting over yourself, realising you can't carry a match on your own as any Hero, and learning to fight with the team is a fundamental aspect of being good at Dota. For example, one of my favourite heroes is Juggernaut - a Carry/Pusher. Come on, he's tailored to kick the asses of the enemy team if he is played right, but he's fantastic fighting in your own team thanks to the fact he's strong on both offense and defense, but the defensive part goes to waste if you don't work with your guys. That's what Dota is about. Don't just do it for the sake of getting as many kills as possible. It's the team that matters. At the end of the day, it's the exploding rock garden that wins the game, yes? So for God's sake, people, work together. Plus, it's loads of fun. Valve brings its best polish for this one alright - loads of characters to choose from, a cartoony style not as exaggerated but certainly reminscient of Team Fortress 2, and, personal opinion; miles better than League of Legends, but that's really down to personal preference. Reco-bloody-mmended.
game-hours: 733.1
review: For all of Dota 2's flaws, including but not limited to - Russian kids on almost every server, a learning curve high enough that it has a bloody overhang, obnoxious "It's all about me" fools who think they can carry a game while getting their teats kicked hard enough it can turn a good match into a one-sided slaughterfest - Dota 2 is now one of my favourite games of all time. Despite the abysmal learning curve, there's one very simple step you have to take in order to be good at Dota - ...yourself. Getting over yourself, realising you can't carry a match on your own as any Hero, and learning to fight with the team is a fundamental aspect of being good at Dota. For example, one of my favourite heroes is Juggernaut - a Carry/Pusher. Come on, he's tailored to kick the asses of the enemy team if he is played right, but he's fantastic fighting in your own team thanks to the fact he's strong on both offense and defense, but the defensive part goes to waste if you don't work with your guys. That's what Dota is about. Don't just do it for the sake of getting as many kills as possible. It's the team that matters. At the end of the day, it's the exploding rock garden that wins the game, yes? So for God's sake, people, work together. Plus, it's loads of fun. Valve brings its best polish for this one alright - loads of characters to choose from, a cartoony style not as exaggerated but certainly reminscient of Team Fortress 2, and, personal opinion; miles better than League of Legends, but that's really down to personal preference. Reco-bloody-mmended.
game-hours: 2519.2
review: i love this game
game-hours: 1212.6
review: Dota2 is the best game in eSports !
game-hours: 1905.7
review: Good Game Well Played.
game-hours: 617.2
review: ruined my life ! 10/10 definitely recommend
game-hours: 3154.0
review: ------------------------------>
game-hours: 305.3
review: This. This game is the king of free to plays. It is the king of Moba's and it will ruin your life with it's addiction. The depth of this game is amazing, a huge variety of items and characters to do battle 5 vs 5 in online multiplayer. I would like to point out that this game has only one map. One ing map that never gets boring. The best way I can describe Dota 2 is that it's like chess and football, it's a game of momentum as well as timing and skill. Everyone needs Dota 2 in their life. Put it like this, I have 80+ games that I may as well uninstall because I only play this game. 10/10.
game-hours: 189.0
review: Very good game!!!!!!
game-hours: 1829.5
review: 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 4910.8
review: Such game. Very russian. Many rage. wow.
game-hours: 1142.9
review: Dota 2 is the sequel to the popular Warcraft III mod known as Dota. It is very well crafted and improves the gameplay from orginal modification in the source engine. Gameplay mechanics are solid and is very difficult, it requires to be attentive at all times. Positioning is key throughout due to the very long stun times and high damage output by every hero at a certain point in the game. Dota 2's graphics are much improved from the original Warcraft III modification in the Warcraft engine respectivly and shows great colours and lighting on the map and characters. Unfortunatley due to it's difficult nature and very large learning curb and tends to push back a large amount of players. My recommendation is to start with a group of friends in bot matchs, and play every single hero at least once to figure out their abilities. Then play the game online where everyone is an idiot or russian. GLHF
game-hours: 5320.2
review: amazing best game i play so far
game-hours: 2031.4
review: This game is DOTA. DOTA is the game. You need to play this game if you dont like it you didnt pay for it oh well but if you do... welcome to the club
game-hours: 468.4
review: Best game ever <3
game-hours: 6703.1
review: You have a nice fulfilling life? You have lots of friends to play with? Why don't you try some dota?! Lose all your friends, get brain cancer and cry yourself to sleep every night.
game-hours: 4935.2
review: How to Play dota2 Step 1. Enter pubs Step 2. cry Step 3.  Step 4. Praise our lord and savior gabe newell for teaming up with icefag to create this game. Bonus Step: Waste $400 praying for rare items Bonus Step 2: Waste your life getting a pudge hook.
game-hours: 808.5
review: Team based game where nothing matters and everyone is terrible.
game-hours: 83.9
review: dendi
game-hours: 1499.9
review: Nice game
game-hours: 1057.2
review: This game is ruining my life. Plz, call the amberlamps......whats the number for 911.....halp -ded-
game-hours: 4002.4
review: Better than Fifa 14
game-hours: 262.1
review: Awesome game, ecvept it's a bit different from dota 1. I have been playing it since closed beta. I quite like the game because of the warcraft story. Hope they won't spoil it. Also I have an advice for beginners please brace yourselves for the RUSSIANS
game-hours: 2061.3
review: THIS LEGEND GAME
game-hours: 784.6
review: this game is freaky cool :D
game-hours: 137.4
review: The Warcraft III Mod that took the world by storm is now a stand alone game in F2p model with microtransactions and cosmetic items that allow for customization as well as a bustling digital market for trading currency. I can see this going the way of TF2 where it stays a relevant game for years to come. I bet Blizzard is kicking themselves over cause if they had picked this up before Valve did, they'd be making a whole lot more money. M.o.b.a. games are a trend these days and the original DotA was a game i really got into for years. I recently only started playing again and immediately i remembered how petty and elitist certain players are. Sometimes you don't even enjoy playing the game, sometimes you just play cause you wanna even up the losses from the last time you lost. This game makes you rage in ways you thought you never could. Ah but the feeling of crushing your enemies is a fair trade off, no? Good graphics, gameplay hasn't changed that much, events are pretty cool, marketable items are nice too. If they do promotional tie-ins with certain games like how TF2 did (for rare items. other than that genuine master thief set.) that'd certainly make it more interesting. Pudge with a super meat boy outfit or maybe Sniper with a tf2 sniper set. I give it an 8 out of 10. Play it if you don't mind getting flak from your teammates when you mess up one tiny bit. I'd play LoL but then its too cutesy for my taste. To each his own.
game-hours: 2440.2
review: feed
game-hours: 610.1
review: aguy
game-hours: 1693.7
review: Steep learning curve, but once you invest the time to not suck then it is a pretty addictive and fun game. The teamwork aspect of it is what makes it and/or breaks it if you are unlucky to be paired with a feeding player. That said, if you can find a small core of people that you consistently play with then win or lose it is a pretty awesome game. Oh, and don't use Riki or Sniper unless you have to. Just trust me.
game-hours: 473.1
review: Dota 2 is a lot of fun if you meet the right team - too bad that doesn't happen very often. The community is more toxic than botulinum toxin. On the other hand, I've learned several Russian swear words since 70% of the community is Russian. Russian simulator 10/10
game-hours: 1002.5
review: learn russian and qq'ing~
game-hours: 2767.2
review: its ok
game-hours: 1875.2
review: This game has both enriched and destroyed my life, on one hand i dont have friends any more but that also means i have more time for dota 10/10
game-hours: 2.1
review: I've never really take the time to try and learn this game, but I hear from everyone it's a great game so I guess I'll take their word on it and recommend it myself.
game-hours: 595.4
review: Frickn awesome game!!!!! (y)
game-hours: 1585.9
review: dis gaem is supr rip of league of lesbianz 0/10 wud recommend
game-hours: 3248.7
review: I was xX420Xxquickscoped from across the map by a pink midget who then said something about peeping. 11/10 immersive real time strategy game.
game-hours: 473.1
review: Dota 2 is a lot of fun if you meet the right team - too bad that doesn't happen very often. The community is more toxic than botulinum toxin. On the other hand, I've learned several Russian swear words since 70% of the community is Russian. Russian simulator 10/10
game-hours: 1002.5
review: learn russian and qq'ing~
game-hours: 1345.2
review: Whery good game. Veoma dobra igra svima preporucujem :D
game-hours: 771.5
review: one of the most addicting games ive played yet just a personal note to new players watch a few totoriuls before playing a official game other players get easely agitetd by "noobs" sorry for the bad spelling im actually not english x
game-hours: 1950.5
review: terrible all you do is right click
game-hours: 1721.0
review: Would you like to play one of the most competitive, high skill capped games on steam? Here it is, you are gazing upon Dota2's famous legacy, down from my childhood Warcraft 3 days, where I'd be mid with some other guy not knowing what to do. To now my current self, playing on the competitive scene. This game is free, AMAZING! The community is by far better than most other known Mobas *points at League* It also has great micro-transactions incase you wanna make your favorite hero a total and utter badass with items, but wait. You don't need to buy the items, because in time you will get them! Sure it's all randomed and time is consuming but that's the joy of it, it's all just free. Great Game overall, I could spend countless hours on this thing, and many more! I'd give this a solid 9.2/10 Just because of how great it is
game-hours: 1034.8
review: Game is awesome. Took me a little while to get in to it, because when you first start Dota seems complicated, confusing, and spontaneous. After a week or so of playing/trying to understand the game I understood it and tried to learn some of the basics so I could actually play. So try it, it will take you a while to get a hang of it but when you do this game will be so fun you need to play it every day for the rest of your life. I HIGHLY recommend this game to everyone! Try it out!
game-hours: 1249.6
review: awesome game
game-hours: 347.1
review: is good
game-hours: 872.7
review: Very Good
game-hours: 1158.2
review: Very good game and very addictive :D
game-hours: 4002.4
review: Better than Fifa 14
game-hours: 262.1
review: Awesome game, ecvept it's a bit different from dota 1. I have been playing it since closed beta. I quite like the game because of the warcraft story. Hope they won't spoil it. Also I have an advice for beginners please brace yourselves for the RUSSIANS
game-hours: 2061.3
review: THIS LEGEND GAME
game-hours: 784.6
review: this game is freaky cool :D
game-hours: 870.6
review: most popular games :D
game-hours: 2341.5
review: perfect awesome
game-hours: 1272.8
review: thanks for this game but i need set alchemmmmist alliance set and PA alliance set :)
game-hours: 3211.2
review: a very competitive game... you only play on 1 map though.. but you wont get bored with tons of playable heroes..
game-hours: 275.6
review: you need some strategy and coperative works to win
game-hours: 6004.5
review: Ruined My Life. Five Stars.
game-hours: 1130.1
review: IF YOU PLAY THIS GAME YOULL LOSE YOUR LIFE. DONT DO IT.
game-hours: 1079.9
review: Not that hard of a game to play.Really the only hard parts about this game are the items and heros.You must at least be familiar with the 3 types of hero styles.As you progress through the game you will be familiar with the heros and even know which hero can counter others.On the other hand there are the items, now most heros are not as good without specific items ,others are already good without them.Although It does take time to learn the items and which hero there better off with, I still highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 12.9
review: Dota. I have played this game for a short while. I never played the original as I was staying in cell 6 of the Wakefield high security prison. However in Dota 3 I have experienced nothing but vile language and Russian profanities. This is painful, as when I was learning to play in a public match I was violently insulted for taking the wrong 'lane'. I mean obviously I went in the left lane, that's the correct driving lane here in England. I believe it is nothing but the simple minds of children that know nothing of the real life world. After I lost every game I have played, I realised that I had been reported a number of times. This was upsetting. I felt as if I had to return the prison I came from, hated by the community of players I put the game aside and played League of Legends instead. A community of 12 year olds is far more satisfactory that 40 year old Russians. At least I have a fighting chance, verbally... 10/10 million.
game-hours: 6814.2
review: naychila posilat nahyi sawaka 11/10 poshle nahyi sawak
game-hours: 1396.4
review: DotA 2. This is one of the MOST AMAZING games I have played in a very long time. It's a simple idea, a 5 vs 5 arena with the same map everytime, both teams trying to kill the others base. You fight as over 100 heroes, each with different roles. That's all it is. Team communication is VITAL, you can't win without coordinating and fighting as a team. Overall, it is definately a game for certain types of people. You need to be able to work and talk with your teamates, and be concentrated pretty much 100% of the time. Also, it's a lot more fun to play with people you know. Form up a group with four of your friends, and it will be much more fun. The games can take anywhere from 30-70 minutes, but most of the time game I play only take about 40-50 minutes. Lastly, don't jump right into matchmaking right away. You will probably get flamed and insulted and hurrased by your teamates if you don't do well. Play some bot matches first, learn what heroes you are good with. If people DO flame and insult you, take it with a grain of salt. Just don't yell back, that won't help anybody. It's a really fun game, and you should all try it out. Bonus: It's free, so you don't lose anything by playing a couple games, then learning you hate it. Chances are though, you will LOVE it!
game-hours: 2511.8
review: Best game in the world !!!
game-hours: 872.4
review: Its just so EPIC! :33
game-hours: 6292.8
review: It's ok.
game-hours: 2269.9
review: 'It's alright' 11/10 - IGN
game-hours: 168.0
review: This is a great game. I used to play the warcraft 3 user map settings version. It was addicting way back then, and it is still addicting now. I played league of legends before I played dota 2, and I admit i was a little scared of the transition from league to dota. But as I write this review now, I do not think I will ever play league of legends again. I will stick to playing dota2 from now until forever. Perhaps it's the nostalgia it gives me or perhaps it's fact that everyone is a  on league of legends. Eitherway, this is a great game to get into, especially if MOBAs are your type of game.
game-hours: 2674.1
review: Super FUNNN!!!
game-hours: 2006.8
review: learned alot of curse word from all over the world, 10/10
game-hours: 284.5
review: i like to play dota 2 .
game-hours: 602.0
review: Best game EVER !! \m/
game-hours: 4123.0
review: This game is very good
game-hours: 1473.2
review: Amazing and Good Game :D !!!
game-hours: 273.0
review: dota is very good
game-hours: 3319.9
review: Juega hasta que te guste, y entonces te gustar para siempre
game-hours: 6128.6
review: Best game Evaaa !!
game-hours: 2797.5
review: Good game playing for 2 years now
game-hours: 1200.0
review: just awesome
game-hours: 2412.9
review: Before i started playing dota i had everything. Now i dont. 10/10
game-hours: 1624.7
review: update nya lama banget ...
game-hours: 1790.9
review: yes
game-hours: 88.2
review: good game.can create a extra ordinary friendship
game-hours: 2517.1
review: your messing out if you don't give dota a chance !
game-hours: 1133.8
review: best game ever
game-hours: 3827.3
review: Never get tired of it
game-hours: 1193.1
review: This Game is Awesome
game-hours: 273.9
review: yeah!!1
game-hours: 2700.8
review: yeah
game-hours: 2245.5
review: Best way to pratice anger management.
game-hours: 206.6
review: Comment Lang.... ^_^
game-hours: 1112.9
review: nice game , very good effect and many more
game-hours: 1005.1
review: Pretty good but not as good as Bad Rats: the Rats' Revenge
game-hours: 393.7
review: Russians, Russians everywhere!
game-hours: 2771.2
review: Summoned a ghost ship from an ethereal plain to land on a facelees human that had created a pocket of time that had ceased to be thus crushing him and a fire witch. 11/10.
game-hours: 421.9
review: Oh God I think Im having something called dota addiction LOL
game-hours: 1307.5
review: is a nice game : 3
game-hours: 329.8
review: Play against russians. Play with russians. Become a russian.
game-hours: 1741.5
review: waaaaaaaarrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 2202.2
review: fully my live, thanks dota2 ;)
game-hours: 1808.0
review: Addicted game ever !! Superb n awesomeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee...........
game-hours: 286.4
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 853.9
review: It's Fun and addictive game. It's one of the must try f2p games in Steam
game-hours: 555.6
review: Nice this Game.....
game-hours: 1693.7
review: Steep learning curve, but once you invest the time to not suck then it is a pretty addictive and fun game. The teamwork aspect of it is what makes it and/or breaks it if you are unlucky to be paired with a feeding player. That said, if you can find a small core of people that you consistently play with then win or lose it is a pretty awesome game. Oh, and don't use Riki or Sniper unless you have to. Just trust me.
game-hours: 1958.3
review: Fantastic game, best of the bunch. If you like HoN you can easily slide right in.
game-hours: 1184.1
review: This game isn't bad, I would play it :D
game-hours: 2700.5
review: I used to play alot League of Legends like 3 years or so ..I played Dota 2 Closed Beta and i really didn't liked game because it was so bloody difficult.. But now few months ago i realized this is what is this game about . I really do like Dota now , I am not playing League of Legends anymore because it became boring without denying , loosing gold on death . It just feel to simple to me.. So yeah.. TL;DR : DOTA 2 > LoL
game-hours: 1727.6
review: good game!!
game-hours: 3244.3
review: If you're fond of blaming others for everything or uncomfortable with acknowledging the fact that there will always be someone better than you out there, this is not the game for you. If you like a constant challenge and you're capable of continual improvement than it comes highly recommended. The game itself is crazy fun and varied, the map is ridiculously intricate, and it's all free-to-play without being pay-to-win! The matchmaking system on the other hand leaves a lot to be desired, ie. no region lock, solo-queue disadvantage, questionable balance methods, etc. The community really isn't as bad as everyone says, and the hero that you think is OP is not. There's always more to learn, and that's what keeps me coming back.
game-hours: 967.1
review: Try to gentle
game-hours: 498.9
review: I can stop anytime I want.
game-hours: 2378.1
review: It's pretty yeah. i give it a 9/11, praise gaben.
game-hours: 3822.5
review: Fun game if you meet pro players Bad game if you meet pinoys players
game-hours: 2775.4
review: -Do you like games with strategic gameplay where everyone matters? -Do you like a friendly community? -Do you enjoy when you made mistakes, people help you figure out your problem and admire you when you do good? Then you came to the wrong place.     . !!! 11/10
game-hours: 648.6
review: Fantastic game...!! Once played get addicted quickly..
game-hours: 1883.8
review: This game is awesome
game-hours: 609.0
review: Playing DOTA 2 is a lot like smoking meth: it's highly addictive, causes violent outbursts, and will slowly destroy your relationships with your friends and family. Never play this game.
game-hours: 1501.7
review: The most recognized esport game in the Philippines...
game-hours: 1217.0
review: Great game, once you get started you can't stop playing it. I'm hooked on this game and i can't stop playing it. I think i have a problem.
game-hours: 2261.7
review: If you want to learn spanish and lose your social life this game is great for you.
game-hours: 395.7
review: helped me learn how to speak russian
game-hours: 2242.8
review: Who the  needs rosetta stone?
game-hours: 3677.0
review: BEST GAME IN THE WORLD
game-hours: 5636.7
review: .
game-hours: 3203.6
review: very goooood nice game very goood geraphic
game-hours: 2523.4
review: the best game in my whole life .
game-hours: 2162.0
review: Was fun until peru ed dota over 9/10
game-hours: 224.4
review: good game
game-hours: 1912.5
review: Worst addiction ever! Ruined my life, I could have programmed myself new game for a time being on dota. U will meet some awesome people but those are minor in compare too "nervous, low self esteem, hardcore, racist, disorderly, anorexic maniacs" which outnumbers normal standards.
game-hours: 1432.3
review: great game! MUST PLAY!
game-hours: 1671.2
review: Well .. This game will make you mad angry and sad all at the same time :) Great game .. Easy to learn . Hard to master lol :)
game-hours: 1202.3
review: perfect game
game-hours: 564.6
review: Norm
game-hours: 1508.5
review: I LOVE DOTA 2!
game-hours: 824.1
review: It's time for a serious review. I ing hate this game. I have lost a countless number of braincells arguing in three different language not stop in this ing game. I hate noobs wrecking the game toward the point of no return. I hate going for a piss and coming back to notice that I have now 0 gold left because my teammates are victims of aids and alzheimers that have disabled their basic cognitive behaviour of reading. But I love it. I love coming back from piss &  circumstances and winning with 25 deaths and 2 kills. I enjoy a good game with good people who can communicate like a grown human being that has a decent brain capability. I love to come from my lesson and just to find out that icefrog ed it even more. I love it. I love it!
game-hours: 388.8
review: First lie in Dota2: "All heroes are balanced"
game-hours: 1320.9
review: .
game-hours: 398.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 1227.7
review: Never drop any items from lastest update :(
game-hours: 1678.5
review: best game ever :)
game-hours: 2877.5
review: Best MOBA there is!
game-hours: 1071.6
review: its gewd
game-hours: 3496.8
review: this game.just yes. you will hate it , but what does you ...really need?
game-hours: 605.8
review: I hate this game
game-hours: 808.3
review: Press R to win games.
game-hours: 793.9
review: Free Russian Language and Culture lesson!
game-hours: 1479.8
review: The greatest game ever made. At face value it's just another top-down video game, however once surpassing the initial learning curve the depth of this game is second to none. The animation is perfect, the voices are pristine... however every game has its flaws. The community is horrible, there are numerous bugs and that's just grazing the surface. That being said, I never recommend this game to friends as once you pass that learning curve you won't be doing anything else once it latches on.
game-hours: 874.3
review: Do you have a good day ? Do you have social life ? Do you have a girlfriend ? Do you have a good relationship with your family ? Do your college life full of rose ? Do your grade is good ? If one of those is yes then dota 2 is the perfect game for you. It can sovle any possitive problem with your life. In addition, dota 2 also come with an anger managements and russian language quick training programs without charging you any peny. What you are waiting for, go play it. Oh wait, do you have a lot of money ? Because cosmestic items are waiting you.
game-hours: 1980.3
review: I hate my life. 10/10
game-hours: 971.3
review: I like
game-hours: 1250.6
review: I wanted to learn Russian, so instead of buying a video to help me progress in the language, I played Dota 2. I would rate this game:   / 10 Love from,  . (Or Putin Vodka)
game-hours: 1516.4
review: Other people say DotA will ruin your life... I say they look like Pudge.
game-hours: 1271.7
review: If Dota 2 was a potato.. It would be a good potato
game-hours: 1318.2
review: The best free language learner tool available on steam, and it's free. I learned Russian, Spanish, and Polish for the cheap price of nothing. This shi't is tighter than Rosetta stone.
game-hours: 998.0
review: This game is really great if you like taking  in your
game-hours: 3310.4
review: This game is really painful.
game-hours: 446.5
review: i ing hate that i like this game so much.
game-hours: 385.4
review: You agree to comply with all applicable import/export laws and regulations. You agree not to export the Content and Services or allow use of your Account by individuals of any terrorist supporting countries to which encryption exports are at the time of exportation restricted by the U.S. Bureau of Export Administration. You represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such prohibited country.
game-hours: 2089.1
review: Using this simple language tool you too could learn all the myriad ways to insult an individual in russian online such as screaming BLYAAAAAT SOOOOKAAAAAA! at random people on the internet and insulting Mr putin. 10/10
game-hours: 1037.6
review: game
game-hours: 2588.3
review: The best MOBA game ever created
game-hours: 344.5
review: nice
game-hours: 3971.7
review: Recommending DotA because its DotA nuf said
game-hours: 921.7
review: Dota is certainly a game with a learning curve, but after you get past the basics it is obviously very very fun, as you can see by the amount of players. Ofcoarse this is always compared with LoL, but in my opinion i find Dota far more fun. I suppose it just depends on what you like, if your friends play one or the other, and other factors. But the best thing about this game and LoL...theyre both FREEEEEEEEEEEEEE, which is ing incredible.
game-hours: 1914.5
review: Dota is great and really enjoyable game. Do not worry if you suck at it, because even those pros who are being watched by thousands had to start somewhere. Maybe you'll be the one being looked up at.
game-hours: 1670.2
review: It ruined my life,can't sleep.can't eat.It's awesome
game-hours: 242.9
review: Wonderfull MOBA type of game. It's a lot better than LoL for me, graphics style is more appealing to adults than it's competitor. I'd score it for 9,5/10 and recommended it to all players.
game-hours: 249.3
review: Nice
game-hours: 6.1
review: T_T
game-hours: 2221.5
review: 10/10 !!1!
game-hours: 1329.7
review: This game is so ing bad i need to play it all day eery day. <3
game-hours: 4405.8
review: COOL GAMES!!!
game-hours: 1549.5
review: Fun game.
game-hours: 1110.8
review: good
game-hours: 8.4
review: I was jungling chaos knight one afternoon, racking up the six figure kill spree when I had an epiphany. After about 3 matches you've seen it all- this is a painfully simple game that offers no challenge whatsoever. I have some suggestions to improve the gameplay at least twentyfold: 1. Introduce a loadout screen and killstreak perks, such as uavs and AC-130s, to reward hardcore junglers such as myself. 2. Have an in game marketplace, where in game gold can be purchased for bitcoins, at a ratio of 1:1. 3. Increase number of players per team to 16 for epic battles.
game-hours: 2832.8
review: Rat Doto only Doto
game-hours: 1978.5
review: this game is awesome , the market , the items and image are best . but ranking and report system need to be improved a little bit more . 10/10 dota 2 .
game-hours: 2412.3
review: Much good, such wow.
game-hours: 4031.8
review: This is by FAR the greatest choice making RPG to date.There are over a hundred characters and each character has stunning storys that can change based on your choices. It seems every new game I start has diffrent NPC and voice lines that drive the story through the end. The ending is generally the same wether the Dark lord or light lord wins. This single player RPG allows building of the story through dicisions and item purcheses. Like recently I choose the Character Phantom Assassin and built the powerful mechinism that allowed me to heal my party members. The dialoge on this story line was great though the curse filter was removed as I heard lines from the ever changing juggernuat character such as " this noob feed loses the game" and "She took safe lane for a ing mech?". though there are still a few bugs such as the one that causes incorrect traslation of the NPCs lines, as in my PA storyline the Puck character was translated in spanish and my ally in arms Keeper Of The Light was incorrectly translated to Russian. Though sad I will miss their dialoge im sure there is much more to come, as I havent had the same dialoge yet in my 3000 hours of gameplay [10/10 would shoot myself.]
game-hours: 1738.3
review: Playing Dota 2 is <3
game-hours: 1959.4
review: mad stuff yo
game-hours: 1846.8
review: love this game!
game-hours: 995.7
review: The best online game ever
game-hours: 812.6
review: Do not play this in' game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 112.7
review: Great game.
game-hours: 2660.6
review: Countless rage hours make this so bitter when you lose, but so sweet when you win. Use your abilities, please.
game-hours: 170.3
review: Meep....
game-hours: 731.2
review: I learned russian in this game more than school so you should play this game............of russians.
game-hours: 671.5
review: I had stopped playing DotA 2 for a while, and I came back. I had lost 5 games in a row, one of which was due to 1 second lag in the first 5 minutes of the game which corrected itself right after the point where I was too underfarmed to do anything anyway. Then, I played a game and I started winning. I worked well with my lane partner, I ganked the enemy safelane five times as Timbersaw before the 10 minute mark and got my bloodstone at 7 minutes. Then, during an exciting teamfight in which I was the #1 damage dealer and Ace on the team, the game crashed. The entire East Coast crashed. Because I was winning. Because I was having fun. Half of America's DotA servers blew up because I thought I could have fun.  you, DotA.
game-hours: 20.1
review: I recommend that game for every MOBA fans and other's :)
game-hours: 770.2
review: ....
game-hours: 1392.5
review: Do you want to learn a new language such as Peruvian, Spanish, or Russian? Then this is definatly for you! Upon selecting any of the US Servers you will promptly meet someone or a entire lobby of people who don't speak a lick of English. Better then any language learning program out there! The best part? It's free! You can also dress up your little people and make them move and talk while learning the language! Best interactive learning software I have found to date. So far I know how to curse in Russian! Also, the it slowly consumes your soul. You may leave it, but you will be back. They always come back.
game-hours: 393.6
review: Who needs a life when you have DOTA 2?
game-hours: 3056.5
review: -)
game-hours: 458.7
review: game hi no nh cc.
game-hours: 876.1
review: Best game !
game-hours: 1097.4
review: nice!
game-hours: 2084.6
review: nice
game-hours: 848.4
review: I finally fulfilled my dream of becoming a dirty water puddle. Thank you Morphling. IGN 11/10
game-hours: 960.9
review: I.m So like game dota 2
game-hours: 520.5
review: yeah cause this game is very good to people
game-hours: 80.4
review: nice
game-hours: 1341.1
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 2848.2
review: Its a wonderful yet brutal experience which leaves you with a strange love-hate feeling for it, like any worth while relationship does. For veterans from Warcraft 3 mod days will fell quite nostalgic and really appreciate the up scaling done to the game. Newcomers will still have a sense of how detailed the game is, both graphically and game mechanics wise. At its core it's an RPG through and through with leveling systems, items and fixed hero abilities. The community still needs to grow in terms of mannerism but anyone with thick skin can power through the nasties, which aren't that many anyway.
game-hours: 2033.5
review: DOTA 2 is the best online multiplayer game ever.
game-hours: 1329.7
review: This game is so ing bad i need to play it all day eery day. <3
game-hours: 4405.8
review: COOL GAMES!!!
game-hours: 972.0
review: learn insults from other languages with this simulator  bobo 10/10
game-hours: 2223.5
review: The best MOBA in my opinion. Would play/10
game-hours: 749.9
review: Much of my life has gone into this game. Although it is a bit difficult at first (and you will suck) it quickly becomes heaps of fun and will consume your free time.
game-hours: 406.1
review: Ruined my life
game-hours: 1800.2
review: It ruined my life...
game-hours: 1911.3
review: play and learn russian
game-hours: 1662.4
review: This Games Amazing I Play It Every Day Since I Downloaded It
game-hours: 878.6
review: O.K ive nearly played 800hrs of this sh*t game, dont get it...but when you win its its great :D if you dont mind the stress and heart problems this game comes bundled with and that it destroys friendships by all means download DOTA 2, that being said the stratergy and teamwork you need to preform flawless kills and team ganks on the enemy team is not easy but when done correctly and played as a team this game is truly a gem you will never find a game like this that gives you the satisfaction that the choices you make can change the game in a matter of seconds. P.S- The game does have a tutorial to get you going but If your new to the MOBA scene take the time to learn, watch guides becuase this game has quite a steep learning curve and quite a big selection of items to buy (it can be overwhelming to the new player), i recommend playing a few bot games before jumping into a match against other players.
game-hours: 1852.8
review: casual scum stay away
game-hours: 1133.8
review: best game ever
game-hours: 3827.3
review: Never get tired of it
game-hours: 4605.9
review: vsem pacanam s raena rekomenduyu
game-hours: 2202.6
review: fully my live, thanks dota2 ;)
game-hours: 1800.2
review: It ruined my life...
game-hours: 1911.3
review: play and learn russian
game-hours: 1662.4
review: This Games Amazing I Play It Every Day Since I Downloaded It
game-hours: 878.6
review: O.K ive nearly played 800hrs of this sh*t game, dont get it...but when you win its its great :D if you dont mind the stress and heart problems this game comes bundled with and that it destroys friendships by all means download DOTA 2, that being said the stratergy and teamwork you need to preform flawless kills and team ganks on the enemy team is not easy but when done correctly and played as a team this game is truly a gem you will never find a game like this that gives you the satisfaction that the choices you make can change the game in a matter of seconds. P.S- The game does have a tutorial to get you going but If your new to the MOBA scene take the time to learn, watch guides becuase this game has quite a steep learning curve and quite a big selection of items to buy (it can be overwhelming to the new player), i recommend playing a few bot games before jumping into a match against other players.
game-hours: 1205.1
review: yeah!
game-hours: 1288.0
review: (Y)
game-hours: 3193.6
review: good game
game-hours: 9.1
review: After 5 minutes I found myself sitting staring crosseyed at the screen clicking on anyone who was red. Gameplay consisted of constant clicking, with the occasional press of 'w' or 'q'.
game-hours: 879.7
review: Joined lobby, didin't bought courier, got reported. 11/10
game-hours: 530.8
review: Good Gama , Well Played
game-hours: 2726.3
review: I want to introduce you to a game, Defense of the Ancients is its name. In this game, our chances are all the same So when you are good, it will bring you fame. But when you are bad, it will bring you ''flame in-game'' Since becoming a good player always be your aim. And the game starts for Radiant and Dire Ten heroes are picked from a pool of 107. Five heroes for each, all different styles From being Supportive, selfish to even vile. Unstoppable, wicked sick and beyond godlike, For a single purpose: to defend the ancients with all their might Many many more i'd like to say, But it will take too much time of my day. So i will stop and step out of your way, Cause you've known the basic, it's now your time to play...
game-hours: 3130.7
review: ? :'(
game-hours: 717.5
review: yes it is an awesome game
game-hours: 2322.4
review: This game ruined my life! Give it a try!
game-hours: 2499.2
review: yes... so many people happy in playing dota 2. ^^ pero ang dota ay nagbibigay libang kahit sa sino man.. :)) THE BEST ^_^
game-hours: 1471.6
review: A
game-hours: 1090.3
review: yeah i think it is great game for teenager
game-hours: 374.5
review: It takes a while to get in to, but once you're in, you will never get out. A great game once you know the basics and has a huge range of what you can do to get better at in the game, it is very deep. The back stories of the hero's are very interesting and it is very good on the game mechanics side, and the story side. Some heros are however quite fustrating to play against, but it seems that Vale and the developers are still definitely updatimg the game and trying to make everything balanced. Also I have never tried Dota's competitor Leauge of Ledgends so I cannot say wether I think it is better.
game-hours: 1028.8
review: It's ok I guess
game-hours: 1249.9
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 137.8
review: A game that cause addict at high level and sometime can bring happiness and sorrow as its opposite.
game-hours: 7.4
review: Fiddlesticks sucks Fiddledicks. Worst character in the game. 7/10 it's alright
game-hours: 1157.9
review: Great Game. I can never have a day playing this game!
game-hours: 2594.4
review: nice game if no noob pinoy in sea server
game-hours: 933.3
review: okay !
game-hours: 443.1
review: One of the best MOBA's out there.Played Dota and now Dota 2 is living up to their name.
game-hours: 899.8
review: dota, where you'll probably never get matched up with a whole team who can speak english, or go up against an entire spanish team.remember though, everyones a .even you.
game-hours: 74.0
review: This one is an awesome game! Beautiful, balanced, replayable and addictive, maybe one of the best games ever. Maybe. The most ugly, rude, filthy, asocial and hostile community. Worst ever. For sure.
game-hours: 2660.0
review: not for kind people with a good heart.
game-hours: 267.5
review: I recommend this game to all moba players , specially for League players ...trust me :')
game-hours: 1826.3
review: GOOD GAME strategic and teamplay are observed
game-hours: 2327.7
review: It's an awesome teamplay-minded multiplayer game. It's lots of fun to play and becomes even more fun when you get good at playing the (over 100) characters available.
game-hours: 874.3
review: Do you have a good day ? Do you have social life ? Do you have a girlfriend ? Do you have a good relationship with your family ? Do your college life full of rose ? Do your grade is good ? If one of those is yes then dota 2 is the perfect game for you. It can sovle any possitive problem with your life. In addition, dota 2 also come with an anger managements and russian language quick training programs without charging you any peny. What you are waiting for, go play it. Oh wait, do you have a lot of money ? Because cosmestic items are waiting you.
game-hours: 2700.5
review: I used to play alot League of Legends like 3 years or so ..I played Dota 2 Closed Beta and i really didn't liked game because it was so bloody difficult.. But now few months ago i realized this is what is this game about . I really do like Dota now , I am not playing League of Legends anymore because it became boring without denying , loosing gold on death . It just feel to simple to me.. So yeah.. TL;DR : DOTA 2 > LoL
game-hours: 1727.6
review: good game!!
game-hours: 1905.0
review: Best game in the planet
game-hours: 3452.5
review: Might be the best and hardest MOBA out there, the best of it all it is free to play with no payable benefits only item for show START TO PLAY THIS GAME need a coach? ---> add Spidark on steam and i will give you a great first impression
game-hours: 1479.4
review: Epic
game-hours: 1013.8
review: The reason i'm a virgin
game-hours: 1445.1
review: 1,400 hours in the game gimmie my life back could of bought a car a house gotten a girl friend had babies babies had babies could of been a grandpa but no i play dota and i play pudge
game-hours: 987.2
review: best game on steam is dota2
game-hours: 2506.4
review: Very good to learn Russian and Spanish 10/10 Would bang again
game-hours: 669.5
review: This game is addictive, will waste your time and will make you hate everyone. Recommended!
game-hours: 206.8
review: Was supposed to do my project after I played this game...a week has already passed and I haven't gotten any good rares yet. 5 stars!
game-hours: 2509.4
review: kotl giff me mana 10/10
game-hours: 1235.0
review: ruined my life and broke up friendships. 10/10
game-hours: 1090.4
review: lamo
game-hours: 2071.3
review: I didn't play any MOBA before, I always thought it was boring and not fun at all. DOTA2 proved me wrong. While the community is not that pleasant (a lot of swearing, not so friendy teammates, etc) , you'll find this game VERY addicting. You can never use the same strategy twice, and obviously, one game will never be the same to you! 10/10
game-hours: 1171.5
review: I think Dota 2 need to be added in a list " Top game you must play in your life ". 10/10
game-hours: 2502.4
review: Sells your soul to Gaben If given the chance to start over would download again 10/10
game-hours: 488.2
review: this was so cool game it gives me a lot of effort to complete the task given
game-hours: 2526.6
review: Ok first off a sortof mixed review. I love and hate this game. I first started playing dota just after the international 2013. I moved into a house where the housemates were hell bent on this game and had friends over every day to play it. It was the 1st MOBA i had ever played, infact i had never even heard of the term MOBA before, (and for those who dont know it stands for Multiplayer Online Battle Arena) First of all i was LUCKY i had friends who played this, and watched and got help from them as they played before even starting the game, as when landed into the thick of it, it is quite daunting. The tutorials are BLAH... until you actually get to the main gameplay tutorials, but no mention of custom build selection??? , this is another reason why some of my friends have just given up. From my experience, if you are a keen gamer STICK WITH IT. However if you value your life then give up now because it is very addictive, stressful and fun in the same sentence. DOTA is a very tactical game, which is extremely fun, overwhelmingly addictive too and by knowing the basic fundamentals and working as a team and not being arrogant or being able to take advice you can have a great game. You dont have to be an absolute strategist to win, although it does help The problem with this game is the community, and that is not the communitys problem, infact i blame the creators VALVE for not putting enough restrictions in place, and the restrictions they do put in place are ridiculous. First of all you have to have a half decent machine to play this on standard settings ( i sometimes even have problems on lowest settings on this machine and my machine lives up to their MINIUMUM SPECS. That saying that the game is quite playable for the most time on their minimum specs, but it seems bugs do keep popping up that they just wont sort out Also take the game as it is... free to play... and if anything happens just suck your gut in and relax. VALVE support absolutely sucks, so if anything goes wrong and you have any problems dont go running to valve for help because i have done this on more than 3 occasions, with a 2 day + response of just "sorry we cannot help you with this issue". And my last email getting the response "We will ignore any future emails about this issue from you" Back to the community... Dont take ranked too personally. DOTA is a TEAM game, however many times you will get landed with players who cannot play as a team, don't get the essence of DOTA in the same way you do, are absolutely rude and ignorant and arrogant. My advice after lots of headaches.... sod them, you are playing because you like to play, if you suck they dont help by screaming at you, and if you are dieing too often (and not intentionally feeding) then it is their fault for not working as a team and protecting you. Also matchmaking, you will find when you get into the game servers.... english speakers take off everything except us east, west and europe west and set language preference as english. This wont stop you being annoyingly teamed with people who dont speak english, but it sure helps... for some reason people dont understand communication is fundamental for a team game and selfishly pick servers where the know they will be teamed up with people who dont speak their languages. YES I AM SPEAKING TO ALL YOU RUSSIANS WHO SELECT EVERYTHING OTHER THAN RUSSIA. Other problems are that with the report system or restrictions. Now people with low end computer who get annoying bugs ingame which randomly kick them off suffer most. However it goes for everyone on the report system. I rarely use it anymore because it does jack  unless you are with a group of people you know will report the same person for the same actions. You get 3 a week no matter how much you play, which is dreadful, and you only get a report back if action is taken against someone, which seems to me it doesnt matter what they have done, if noone else reports it there is no check and they get away scott free. Unfortunately if you are in a game and the rest of your team is a party, and they dont like you for some reason... excpect a 6 game ban in low priority. Also a new bug bear that has come out is this "Failed to load" Scenario.. My games usualy load up, with some slow lagging problems at the start but manage to settle itself out. When the games didnt load it was a pain in the  and you may have to search another 3 - 10 mins for a game, but that was an annoyance i could live with. Now on the odd occasion i fail to load i get penalised for half an hour from finding ANY game, except ones with bots, remember failing to load does not effect the game as the game hasnt currently started, and it is annoying but getting a ban from finding a match for 30 mins (i even got an hour at one instance) is ridiculous, taking in account that a game lasts between 30 and 60 mins on average. that means sometimes when you only have a set ammount of time to play you are screwed. Other bugs ive experiences are random spikes in loading (it will flick on and off the shop/skill attributes at the start of the game randomly and sometimes even boot you off) and the courier button just dissapearing... sometimes the whole thing, sometimes just the flying bit.. this usually comes back if you reload but not always, and sinc most people dont have the decency to pause the game it screws you up rotten. Other than that this game is the most fun game i've ever played, and so rewarding so no matter how crap valve are, or no matter how annoying the game can be at times, i alway come back for more. Even if it means playing out my low priority ban matches with complete s
game-hours: 2375.9
review: Never knew how racist I was untill I played Dota2. Towards Peruvians mainly.
game-hours: 452.4
review: I like everything about this game. The only suggestion i would have is to make achievements, like 3 per hero.
game-hours: 309.1
review: i like the battle field and the strategy you gonna use to win
game-hours: 1132.3
review: Well played
game-hours: 1.7
review: Okay...this game, it's different then I expected but I don't really know what I expected. It's okay I guess but it's much the same as games like torchlight and even wizard 101. I would suggest this game if you love casual no-brain-nessesary games, but other than that no I wouldn't really ever play it, sorry all you mega fans. 3/5
game-hours: 1444.0
review: Forget teachers, the European servers in Dota 2 could help you learn fluent Russian in a week. You'll also experience the pain of having carrying loud mic-spamming Russians and Mexicans that you can't mute or else you'll lose the game. If your day is bad enough you'll face a premade Chinese team. r8: cya /10
game-hours: 202.4
review: Have fun with all the depressing games!
game-hours: 1023.8
review: Only god will judge me
game-hours: 181.8
review: Standing good game.. the report system must be given full attention for further rule implementation.
game-hours: 5249.2
review: I only played a little but it was fun.
game-hours: 1017.8
review: Never before have I had such a profound hatred for other human beings. You can't leave. I've tried, and will most likely try again soon. Mostly what this game has taught me is this- I am a racist bigot. Everyone I know is a racist bigot. Even the peruvians and russians are racist bigots. Everyone is stupid. Teamwork, like sleep, is a false promise. Don't queue in groups of people less than 5 Never go alone. Seriously it's that important. You will not have fun. Angsty narcissistic 10 year olds exist everywhere. Everyone is a noob. Even you. Don't delude yourself. Search your feelings, you know it to be true. Run.
game-hours: 232.4
review: The community is getting better. My reccommendation is to do at least 2 hours of internet research before you start playing.
game-hours: 508.3
review: It's like the Battle of the Five Armies, but with two.
game-hours: 592.9
review: A game where a feeder calls his teammates n00bz
game-hours: 753.3
review: this good
game-hours: 2390.9
review: i like Dota 2
game-hours: 203.7
review: i <3 ds Game
game-hours: 598.1
review: It is a very nice game that is very dynamic and strategic. It requires a lot of skills to get a complete nice game else the game will be really boring getting one-sided.
game-hours: 12.1
review: Couldnt get pass settings. Thank you Dota 2.
game-hours: 1779.4
review: fun,happy,sad,angry
game-hours: 776.2
review: NIce game..
game-hours: 1731.1
review: dota is a goood game
game-hours: 549.3
review: good game
game-hours: 1865.2
review: This game sorts out the weak from the strong. The weak continue playing. The strong uninstall it and never look back.
game-hours: 72.4
review: Absolutely fantastic, fun and addictive. One of the best games ever made. If you get this game though, make sure you do the tutorials and some bot matches before you play pvp matches, otherwise you will get anhilliated, and won't want to play the game again
game-hours: 754.0
review: how to trade the item ... some one tell me
game-hours: 2670.3
review: better than LOL
game-hours: 827.9
review: lol
game-hours: 206.3
review: You can possess a tree You can eat a tree to gain hp You can exorcise a tree this game is op
game-hours: 221.7
review: It would be fun, if I wasn't stuck with Joseph. Each time I play with him, he picks Alchemist and runs around saying he's an autistic ogre that's a . If your reading this, please send help.
game-hours: 979.2
review: this is great game. go on and play it, great community (sometimes)
game-hours: 496.1
review: Play with your friends and you will definitely enjoy.
game-hours: 1865.2
review: Excellent game, highly strategict and fun!
game-hours: 20.9
review: Veli Veli fun........ better than LOL!
game-hours: 2831.9
review: Y , sure! Good luck!
game-hours: 292.5
review: I like the Dota2 Community, but the matchmaking is very unfair.
game-hours: 104.5
review: Leauge of legends without the baby stuff. 10/10
game-hours: 2843.3
review: I love this game ))) especially when there are events and bonus XP ))) reccomended to all of my friends some of tham started to play ))) my favorite heroes are supports who are nuckers and pushers )))) I highly reccomend this game to people of different types , for tanky natures , for passive and for aggresisive players )) for those who love strategy and enjoy teamfights )))
game-hours: 1383.0
review: i have beat campaign mode 7 times, and na'vi still hasn't recruited me.
game-hours: 1791.5
review: really interesting game
game-hours: 1825.2
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 1072.9
review: i like this game because you can earn a real money at the sametime you can play :)
game-hours: 166.2
review: Heard of Dota 2 all my life from friends around me.....and now I see why xD Its.. 1) Addictive 2) Fun 3) Competitive 4) Challenging 5) Teaches something that's not only important 'in game' but also in the real life which is TEAMWORK! 6) This point may sound awkward/weird to people to be a PROS instead of a CONS...but! its the 'LEARNING CURVE'. Wut!? how is this PROS instead of CONS you say!? Let me explain... Every game you play you either win or lose. Now not all games are meant to be won ;) Cause its when you lose you learn something and even when you think you havn't learnt a thing from a game of loss? You just did. You learn't that you did something wrong to have achived that loss and should try to improve in that missing element. Knowing the fact that no ones perfect. This is what makes Dota 2 fun and keeps you playing over and over, day after day so its hard to get even close to 1% of being bored. Plus in top of that there are 100+ Heroes, that makes getting bored of this game dead impossible :') and that gives us point #1 ;) So I recommend everyone to play this game, even if you're a cat...... cause cats are awesome.......so is Dota 2 ;) Happy Gaming! -Arafat / TRAPWOLF
game-hours: 889.1
review: this is a really good game but it takes so long to be a professional on this game ! but im telling to play this game. its awesome
game-hours: 939.2
review: cant play dota 2
game-hours: 389.7
review: Fun game :)
game-hours: 2329.2
review: never get boring with dota 2...get to play with different player all the times...:)
game-hours: 1039.5
review: nooo
game-hours: 11.8
review: Great for DOTA and LoL fans! Free and easy to learn. It's a must try to see if that's your type of a game.
game-hours: 1040.4
review: i used to have friends but now all i have is body odour, a poor sense of self-worth, and racism 9/10
game-hours: 5.9
review: I wanted to review south park stick of truth but i don't bought it so i came here. sOUth park steak of truth starts off funny but quickly loses its charm after they start swearing very uncool for a kids game to do i mean you don't see other mmorpgs like team fortress swearing so i am gonna have to give this one a big phat thumbs down.
game-hours: 3121.0
review: Though DotA 2 is not beginner/noob friendly at all everyone is able to play it. There is nothing much to say about why you should try it or not, but the sheer number of players and year-thousands of cumulative playing time spent on this game should make you giving this a try. Be aware that the learning curve however is exponential. This means that you will most likely be bashed down by the complex mechanics of this game for like the first 300 hours, depending on how eager you try and how naturally skilled you are. After you are in it and got some friends to play, you will be able to have a thousand (or more thousands) of hours of gaming time in which there is variety and fun. Also, for the big and free game like this is you have to expect by a 50/50 chance to find games with 'bad communication', meaning that either your teammates or the enemies are not friendly/helping etc. You just have to deal with it. But on the other hand you will get to learn some russian, french, spanish, korean etc. curses you did not knew before. Also this is F2P, but there are only smaller cosmetic items. Nothing involving the gameplay. Just for your information: If you played LoL or HoN before you will not have an easy going here as this game takes the genre some steps higher.
game-hours: 36.2
review: Dota 2 is a fast-paced first person shooter with some RPG elements mixed in. In all my years of playing indie games, I have never seen a better real time strategy game. For a space travel simulator, its lacking in rocketships, but overall, it is one of the greatest zombie survival game on the market. If you could possibly desire a better game, then you should think about purchasing Drake of the 99 Dragons. Both it and Dota 2 share many similarites.
game-hours: 3516.6
review: blet
game-hours: 10.9
review: The game is good, but the community is trash. Give it a try if you like MOBA and teamplay but find friends to play with, use a third party voice-chat and never, ever look at the ingame chat log, otherwise you will get verbally assaulted by a horde of 9 years old keyboard warriors discovering human interaction for the first time...
game-hours: 1120.7
review: .     .      .     .  ,   5v5.    .       .
game-hours: 3305.2
review: In this game you steal kills, deny runes/items/aegis/etc... Flame your team and force staff your teammates when diving fountain. Good Game (Y)
game-hours: 1822.0
review: i hate this game and i hate me
game-hours: 1240.6
review: A good way to improve your multi tasking ability in real life. Mostly, when you're using Invoker huhuhu xD
game-hours: 1302.2
review: Sometimes still find some bug but is ok
game-hours: 1938.3
review: Very good. Only hindered my future. Nothing else. Great game. Recommended for all who needs a distraction.
game-hours: 213.3
review: Some people have pretty fast internet
game-hours: 56.9
review: nothing more nothing less thana good moba
game-hours: 1867.4
review: dota 2 is really really fun and pretty cool,, u can killing as much as u want!! and colaborate with ur party to make good tactic and awesome game!!
game-hours: 1609.3
review: It's really good and fun c:
game-hours: 646.0
review: Honestly, One of the best MOBAs out there, It may be overwhelming and ridiculous at first, But I quickly realized once I found out about my favorite hero, In this cave, Sven, The Rogue Knight, Lyralei, The Windrunner, And Lina, The Slayer, To name a few, But the game in itself is amazingly well rounded, With even supports having fun roles in the game and even having the potential to take over the game, The PVP community is a lot better than my First arguement about it, And rarely do I find any terrible people in the game who have a terrible attitude. The Best MOBA I have seen and played besides maybe Smite, I would recommend this to anyone with a good group of friends who like to have fun and play Video games like it.
game-hours: 35.1
review: it's hard to move on from dota 1.. after i try 2-3 games on this game, i'm so regret, why i'm not move on to dota 2 from long ago..
game-hours: 192.7
review: I dont like it I promised myself Id never play it, but now I cant stop playing it. Very addictive and makes you very competitive even if your not the "competitive easily addicted to a game" type of person. Edit (*12/28/14): The game and the community is full of trolls and intentional feeders. The only hope for a goodgame is now only in the ranked playlist, and even there you'll get your trolls from time to time. If you're going to play, bring some friends to have a team, or dont even bother at all. It used to be fun and you could search an all pick and actually encounter people who want to win and play but now it seems that all the CoD casuals have drifted over to DOTA 2.
game-hours: 2127.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 1548.9
review: I love the game! It really gets addicting, which explains my playtime, lol. You might not like it at first, but I bet it will really turn into your close-to-everyday hobby after a while, once you have gotten the hang of it. It has a huge variety of heroes to choose from, enjoy, experiment, and master. Though there are still a few missing heroes from the original Defense of the Ancients, like Arc Warden, Winter Wyvern, and Abyssal Underlord, the constant updates on the game which balances heroes, and adds more content will still make you have fun and be strategic on the game. Hero sets, and other custom items like HUDs, Loading Screens, etc. are present in the game. Hero sets are a handful of items which customizes the whole hero. From head to toe. And I guess I don't have to explain the custom HUDs and stuff, right? There are a few yearly events to look upon on as well. Like New Bloom (Chinese New Year), Diretide (Halloween), Frostivus (Christmas), some random events like the recent Foreseer's Contract event which gives you and possibly quite a few more that I have missed since I have not played the game for long. Each of the first three events offers a new map as well as new content, as I have mentioned earlier. Map changes may also vary on future game updates. But like all other games, there are flaws, the #1 flaw would be the really bad community. Only rarely you see friendly, good players who will actually help newbies learn. Most people in the game are rather stupid in the sense that they insult people who are new to the game, blames others for their own mistakes, and those who trashtalks for no reason. There are players which does not know how to wait for someone too, causing them to receive an abandon and gets them into the low prioprity punishment pool. Gets really really annoying. No justice done, really. There are some people who ruins games too, which can be explained in one word - "troll". They feed the enemy team intentionally. Worst part is that, reporting them never does anything. The reports need better management. No, Valve, the low priority pool isn't that good of a punishment either. Some players just report other users with no apparent reason, and I think causing them an LP would not do any justice. At least examine the reports before taking action? Another thing is the servers. Some users has gotten problems where the server would just kick them out for no reason which yet again causes them an abandon. There are instances where the servers would actually crash due to an update during a really good game. Really. Happened to me once, was not happy. Especially when the game is already over an hour long and you were winning a hardly fought match. Seriously. This is just based on my own experiences and my opinion, you might disagree on some stuff I have uttered, but overall I like this game. It gets even better when you get to know the right people, and I think I'll give it an 8/10. I have met a lot of really good friends from this game, I hope you try it out and find your own. Have fun!
game-hours: 196.4
review: I only played a little ! :)
game-hours: 1820.3
review: Don't ever EVER start playing this game. EVER.
game-hours: 1045.7
review: i've only played for a little bit but i think it's great! definitely better than lol too
game-hours: 3588.0
review: Very competitive game. Players inside very toxic
game-hours: 1244.2
review: Dota 2, arguably the steepest learning curve strategy game you will ever play, yet none more rewarding. A highly competitive game that is now played by millions (for millions, TI4 winners took ~5million USD), that is hugely satisfying. Pros: * Variety in hero builds and teams * High replay ability * Real-time mixture of RTS and MOBA elements Cons: * Brutal learning curve and impossible to master * Demanding community and poor tolerance thresholds * Huge, huge, huge, occupier of your time! (Some games last more than 60 minutes) Otherwise, what are you waiting for... At 805 hours total, I am beginner/intermediate level, and have no plans on stopping now...
game-hours: 2216.9
review: dota 2 is a good game.
game-hours: 1430.5
review: this is so challenging and adventurous, adrenaline rush.. so sad when steam update i always experience so lag
game-hours: 546.5
review: Riot fix your broken game. 10/10
game-hours: 2595.0
review: nice game if no noob pinoy in sea server
game-hours: 933.3
review: okay !
game-hours: 443.1
review: One of the best MOBA's out there.Played Dota and now Dota 2 is living up to their name.
game-hours: 899.8
review: dota, where you'll probably never get matched up with a whole team who can speak english, or go up against an entire spanish team.remember though, everyones a .even you.
game-hours: 74.0
review: This one is an awesome game! Beautiful, balanced, replayable and addictive, maybe one of the best games ever. Maybe. The most ugly, rude, filthy, asocial and hostile community. Worst ever. For sure.
game-hours: 2660.3
review: not for kind people with a good heart.
game-hours: 267.5
review: I recommend this game to all moba players , specially for League players ...trust me :')
game-hours: 1.2
review: Also this game is a piece of  i installed it after playing smite because i thought anything could be better boy was i right! comparing this game to smite is like comparing lebron james to a pile of pineapples I only recommend this game if you are either a ing  or you have recently played smite
game-hours: 875.4
review: This game is crack for moba lovers
game-hours: 2345.6
review: If you have a penchant for feeling completely let down by your team-mates. If you want to see team mates ignoring the objective and dying under towers in places they should never have been after fighting hard for nearly an hour and seeing defeat snatched from the jaws of victory, this IS the game for you. No , it really is. Do you have an unyielding sense that the participation aspect of team mates in communicating effectively to engeander positive co-operation in fulfilling victory after victory in both the battles of defending and attacking, and the war as a whole is absolutely necessary?.. Then providing you have the ability to speak russian, spanish, and portuguese and understand that even though you have chosen to play on an english speaking server, you are likely going to be in the minority and everything that goes wrong is going to be your fault , waste no time, install this game and jump in, the incredibly forgiving and supportive community is waiting to help teach you how to play. You to will soon have 6.5k mmr and can hang out in the reddit chat with the rest of the 1337 dotoists. And just remember this one thing and you will never go wrong. If someone has a lower mmr than you, no matter what the issue is, they are always wrong. welcome and glhf.
game-hours: 5809.6
review: Save lifes! Don't let your children play this ! Lord Gaben takes over their souls!!!!
game-hours: 739.5
review: This game is good, that's all I have to say. If you think you're good at it, chances are you're a noob, anyone can be a noob, everyone is a noob, even pro players are noobs. It is a very fair game, at the same time you will be left gobsmacked at how unfair and flawed something in this game can be. I recommend this game because it has earned my 2 cents... Or should I say 400 hours at the time I write this review, I have fed the community market a small (ok maybe medium) sized amount of money over my career to make my little characters look as pretty as I can and that's only a small (ok maybe completely full) aspect of the game to many (Oh yeah I should also mention don't buy Arcanas, they are expensive, like really expensive... Or legendaries, they're not as expensive, but they still are and you know they are.) Short story short, download this game, install this game, play some easy bots matches, play some medium bots matches, play a couple of pubs when you feel confident, get your  kicked and trudge back in there to beat up their asses, so you can feel proud, and move up to the next scrub-tier! But don't forget, have fun! (And give Gaben all your cash monies)
game-hours: 2188.6
review: :CC     ...
game-hours: 1372.6
review: We fed all game but still won because our sniper got farmed 11/10 would get carried again
game-hours: 2944.8
review: e
game-hours: 1260.0
review: :D
game-hours: 2435.6
review: I was played dota 2 and 50k players from 2012 since. this got almost 10 million players in month!
game-hours: 2261.7
review: If you want to learn spanish and lose your social life this game is great for you.
game-hours: 864.7
review: Dota 2 is one of the best games out there. It is a massive rage factory, and you will hear insults come out of your mouth that you didn't even think you knew. You can play powerful heroes, like a succubus with a pain fetish, or a massive red man who loves to splatter people into numbers. Also, the learning curve is best described as a learning cliff. But whatever i tell you doesn't matter, because you people read the reviews for comedy, rather than purchasing information.
game-hours: 2201.6
review: Why arn't you playing Dota yet?
game-hours: 2270.7
review: Good Game. Totally Fu*k up my life since 2011.
game-hours: 1905.0
review: Best game in the planet
game-hours: 349.5
review: Slam Jam 10/10
game-hours: 2828.1
review: epic
game-hours: 1528.0
review: A game where the majority of your team are russians. They are feeding, AFK and doesn't understand when you tell them to leave your lane. Still would recommend it anyday. 11/10
game-hours: 972.6
review: learn insults from other languages with this simulator  bobo 10/10
game-hours: 2223.5
review: The best MOBA in my opinion. Would play/10
game-hours: 749.9
review: Much of my life has gone into this game. Although it is a bit difficult at first (and you will suck) it quickly becomes heaps of fun and will consume your free time.
game-hours: 406.9
review: Ruined my life
game-hours: 486.4
review: awaawaw
game-hours: 1852.8
review: casual scum stay away
game-hours: 2405.3
review: This is a good game ! The best game in this world ! :D
game-hours: 1934.0
review: love this one
game-hours: 1667.9
review: :  .   .     .  .  .  Valve      . :   (    ,   ICCup  )  ,   ,          Valve.  , ,    !  ,
game-hours: 1500.5
review: Very addictive and fun game. Real men do Dota!!
game-hours: 5887.5
review: The greatest game of all time. But, it will take over your life!
game-hours: 1449.5
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 779.6
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 3744.3
review: off this
game-hours: 460.0
review: 2003-2005 Yllar aras kartlan dota (Defense of the Ancients) bu yeni oyunuyla btn oyun severlerin dikkatini bir hayli ekmeyi baard... Hayatnzda bir kez olsun strateji oyunlaryla ilgileniyorsanz kesinlikle ve kesinlikle indirin ve oynayn. Piman olmazsnz.
game-hours: 3106.5
review: A solid Multiplayer-Online Battle-Arena game... What is a MOBA? a Moba is probably a game where by fundamentals everything is first set in total equilibrium... and players actions, skills, teamwork and effort is what makes the difference for one team to finally win over another. With over 100 different heroes to choose from, all absolutely free, no need to unlock and no need to buy anything.... On top of the "seemingly" repetitive one map and mode there's actually different events with a very distinct gameplay and features.. ranging from Team versus Team like Diretide and even Co-oP like the Wraith Night. The game's business model is the way I see it, most user-friendly... Everything you want unlocked is unlocked... Everything that u can buy is purely eye-candy and visual effects and models... But at the same time, one courier... one announcer... one "set" on your favorite hero is enough to make the game experience just SO MUCH more! Be Vary though.... Amongst the player base lurk some really irrittating and annoying children from all across the globe, who's primary aim and goal ( in game and in life ) is to just annoy people and piss them off for their own pleasure. Steer clear of falling into arguments with them that cost you the whole game and some nerve cells... There's the report abuse button and let the MODs do the rest!
game-hours: 6390.6
review: Affection Anger Angst Anguish Annoyance Anxiety Apathy Arousal Awe Boredom Confidence Contempt Contentment Courage Curiosity Depression Desire Despair Disappointment Disgust Distrust Dread Ecstasy Embarrassment Envy Euphoria Excitement Fear Frustration Gratitude Grief Guilt Happiness Hatred Hope Horror Hostility Hurt Hysteria Indifference Interest Jealousy Joy Loathing Loneliness Love Lust Outrage Panic Passion Pity Pleasure Pride Rage Regret Relief Remorse Sadness Satisfaction Self-confidence Shame Shock Shyness Sorrow Suffering Surprise Terror Trust Wonder Worry Zeal Zest You'll have them all, but in your own, unique order.
game-hours: 609.0
review: Playing DOTA 2 is a lot like smoking meth: it's highly addictive, causes violent outbursts, and will slowly destroy your relationships with your friends and family. Never play this game.
game-hours: 1501.7
review: The most recognized esport game in the Philippines...
game-hours: 1690.1
review: Turn hours of your life to great rage. Forces you to lose confidence in all other. 10/10
game-hours: 2378.1
review: It's pretty yeah. i give it a 9/11, praise gaben.
game-hours: 2848.2
review: Its a wonderful yet brutal experience which leaves you with a strange love-hate feeling for it, like any worth while relationship does. For veterans from Warcraft 3 mod days will fell quite nostalgic and really appreciate the up scaling done to the game. Newcomers will still have a sense of how detailed the game is, both graphically and game mechanics wise. At its core it's an RPG through and through with leveling systems, items and fixed hero abilities. The community still needs to grow in terms of mannerism but anyone with thick skin can power through the nasties, which aren't that many anyway.
game-hours: 2034.3
review: DOTA 2 is the best online multiplayer game ever.
game-hours: 1854.8
review: This game is a best way to prepare for living in the upcoming Russian Empire.
game-hours: 1479.4
review: Epic
game-hours: 1013.8
review: The reason i'm a virgin
game-hours: 1445.1
review: 1,400 hours in the game gimmie my life back could of bought a car a house gotten a girl friend had babies babies had babies could of been a grandpa but no i play dota and i play pudge
game-hours: 987.2
review: best game on steam is dota2
game-hours: 2506.4
review: Very good to learn Russian and Spanish 10/10 Would bang again
game-hours: 669.5
review: This game is addictive, will waste your time and will make you hate everyone. Recommended!
game-hours: 206.8
review: Was supposed to do my project after I played this game...a week has already passed and I haven't gotten any good rares yet. 5 stars!
game-hours: 2509.7
review: kotl giff me mana 10/10
game-hours: 1235.0
review: ruined my life and broke up friendships. 10/10
game-hours: 2084.4
review: This game is good, according to Axe!
game-hours: 2204.0
review: it's okay
game-hours: 1937.2
review: unplayable solo
game-hours: 1580.4
review: Nice :*
game-hours: 1720.3
review: I HAVE NO GF BECAUSE U!
game-hours: 1316.5
review: cool
game-hours: 2453.0
review: this a good very good
game-hours: 4462.0
review: just trash game)
game-hours: 1245.7
review: A very nice game for everyone who loves good storylines, peace games and a relaxing gaming. I LIED  BLYAT DAVAI DAVAI 11/10
game-hours: 393.4
review: I used to like Filipinos. 10/10 would doto ngamo bobo again
game-hours: 1511.5
review: I played a match in Us West, I learned russian very quickly 10/10 the new version of rossetta is super effective
game-hours: 2297.4
review: Write a review for Dota 2 Please describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others. Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines. Do you recommend this game? Formatting Help Visibility: Public Language: English Yes No
game-hours: 2680.4
review: ,     ,     ,       !  , ,     !
game-hours: 2382.4
review: !       !
game-hours: 1199.5
review: _
game-hours: 680.0
review: very attractive game in my mind
game-hours: 1531.4
review: lol
game-hours: 1359.0
review: :D
game-hours: 451.5
review: good
game-hours: 3187.6
review: .
game-hours: 1084.6
review: ,
game-hours: 11.8
review: Great for DOTA and LoL fans! Free and easy to learn. It's a must try to see if that's your type of a game.
game-hours: 1040.4
review: i used to have friends but now all i have is body odour, a poor sense of self-worth, and racism 9/10
game-hours: 1233.0
review: Dis gaem s gud. rel gud.
game-hours: 665.4
review: This game ruined my social life.
game-hours: 2071.2
review: pretty good
game-hours: 918.9
review: Dota 2 (Defence of the Ancients) is an online Battle Arena video game, it requires strategy, concentration and determination for the whole team to win a game. The only problem is it relies WAY too much on your teamwork. To win a game you have to destroy the opponents Ancient after you level up and become powerful. Killing the enemy heroes levels you up faster and gives you more gold than the creeps. Because of the teamwork thing I would rate it 9/10, but yes I seriously recommend this game to everyone because it is addictive and really fun.
game-hours: 801.6
review: IT LIKE DRUGS YOU CAN'T GET ENOUGH
game-hours: 2034.5
review: I don't know how to say , Just play it.
game-hours: 1321.3
review: When I started with such types of games.. Shifting form First Person Shooter. I was confused. And I did not know if League of Legends or Dota 2 is better. So I downloaded Both. Starting from Dota 2. I played. It was complicated. But the games I found fast. And the Understanding of the game.. It made sense. After playing about 100 hours. I decided to Give a try to League of Legends.. hearing that It is one of the top ones. I expected it to be better.. But frankly.. I was horrified by LOL's quality.. The gaming is very arcadish.. U get defensive upgrades at the cost of boots yes.. that cheap. Anyone can hide anyone can get back to town withouth scroll.. it was.. senseless to me.. I never the less gave it a go.. played league of legends for 30 hours. The waiting for games were long. choosing for sides was irritating. So then I Removed LOL and havn't looked away from Dota 2 ever since. Oh the game.. The lust for getting those kills.. One map.. Infinite possibilities.. I specially enjoy the Ability Draft.. Makes the game even more enjoyable as u may make a new hero all together.. The Community is friendly.. and The best part about Dota 2 is.. It makes sense. A lot of sense. And the Physics ingame are very much realistic. The Dev's Have done some amazing Job in the game. And I thank them for their constant efforts. :) So after such a ... strange review.. my point being is.. It's an amazing game. And hence Must for everyone to try it. :) U'll be hooked, M sure of it. :D
game-hours: 1334.4
review: keep calm and farm
game-hours: 1711.0
review: Great game, it's essientally a language simulator mixed in with a Moba. Honestly within 10 hours of gametime, I was a natural speaker in Russian a language of which I had never had prior knowledge to before. This game is great for racism as you learn to hate the Russian people despite how much they love or hate gays. It's a great team building exercise as you learn to love those that you do not know despite how well they're playing, because after all God taught us to love each other. Apart from Russian;  the Russians. Overall;   ,            ,     ;              .
game-hours: 702.3
review: 8/8 gr8 m8
game-hours: 2520.3
review: My most favourite game upto now.. Highly recommended..
game-hours: 1433.9
review: DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME. THIS GAME IS CANCER.
game-hours: 1853.4
review: gila lah khabaq kat hang aku main game ni sampai lupa makan tuhh...
game-hours: 3265.6
review: best game
game-hours: 1335.8
review: Who needs OKCupid when you can memorize 100 heroes skills and last hit/deny like a pro? Just tell women in bars that your CS was 40 at 5 minutes and they'll be buying you drinks in no time.
game-hours: 403.9
review: Learn languages quickly with this beautiful language simulator! You can learn everything from Russian to Spanish and even French!! All this for the exclusively low prince of your social life and self-esteem!!!!
game-hours: 1465.0
review: best game eva oynayn ite amha
game-hours: 3007.2
review: The latest in rage simulation technology. Dota 2 is supposed to be a team game but plays like call of duty where your team is full of little kids, non-english speaking players and people who play like they are using a trackpad. What is supposed to be a objective based game turns into a team deathmatch if you get matched with russians. Valve constantly releases patches to try and balance the handicap that peruvians give you but its not working, what seems like a 5v5 match in reality is a 8v2 or 9v1. I do not recommend this game unless you like getting angry at yourself for not being able to win a 9v1
game-hours: 1777.7
review: i became racist 10/10
game-hours: 728.9
review: This game is like crack cocaine , its amazing , but when you stop using it for a while , you want to go back. if all the twelvies abusing you for instalocking pudge and screaming out "IM DONDO I DO WHAT EVER THE F I WANT" is bad trying losing 10 games in a row , and wanting to slash ur wrists -1/10 will play again
game-hours: 1904.4
review: Dank memes and broken Dreams.
game-hours: 1311.1
review: good
game-hours: 1556.5
review: Probably the best game ever made. Always come back to it, and always find a reason to yell at  and russians. Thanks Obama.
game-hours: 47.6
review: if ur autistik u mite like this x
game-hours: 427.2
review: Yet another stand alone sequel to popular Mod by valve. & I must say! It has stood up to expectations just like others. Easy to learn, hard to master mechanics. Balanced roster of 108 heroes & addictive gameplay. This game has everything a free-to-play has to offer! Awesome game indeed! Thumbs up!
game-hours: 533.7
review: Hey, you people should play this!!! Its really fun and has a competitve aspect to it. A little difficult at first if you aren't used to MOBA style games but you get used to it really quickly. And since it's a free game i definitely recommend it.
game-hours: 1.2
review: i hate my life
game-hours: 1432.8
review: failed my university degree because of this game would recommend 10/10
game-hours: 113.4
review: 10/10 bought a weiner dog with a weiner attactched to a stick dangling in front of it's face as a courier.
game-hours: 1414.0
review: good game
game-hours: 573.0
review: The Dota2 is very nice game !
game-hours: 2694.1
review: Gief me mana
game-hours: 3703.9
review: If you have over 2000 hours of free time this game is for you!
game-hours: 486.9
review: qwerty
game-hours: 696.7
review: This game is a tutorial for how to hate Peruvians.
game-hours: 5.9
review: I wanted to review south park stick of truth but i don't bought it so i came here. sOUth park steak of truth starts off funny but quickly loses its charm after they start swearing very uncool for a kids game to do i mean you don't see other mmorpgs like team fortress swearing so i am gonna have to give this one a big phat thumbs down.
game-hours: 3121.0
review: Though DotA 2 is not beginner/noob friendly at all everyone is able to play it. There is nothing much to say about why you should try it or not, but the sheer number of players and year-thousands of cumulative playing time spent on this game should make you giving this a try. Be aware that the learning curve however is exponential. This means that you will most likely be bashed down by the complex mechanics of this game for like the first 300 hours, depending on how eager you try and how naturally skilled you are. After you are in it and got some friends to play, you will be able to have a thousand (or more thousands) of hours of gaming time in which there is variety and fun. Also, for the big and free game like this is you have to expect by a 50/50 chance to find games with 'bad communication', meaning that either your teammates or the enemies are not friendly/helping etc. You just have to deal with it. But on the other hand you will get to learn some russian, french, spanish, korean etc. curses you did not knew before. Also this is F2P, but there are only smaller cosmetic items. Nothing involving the gameplay. Just for your information: If you played LoL or HoN before you will not have an easy going here as this game takes the genre some steps higher.
game-hours: 36.2
review: Dota 2 is a fast-paced first person shooter with some RPG elements mixed in. In all my years of playing indie games, I have never seen a better real time strategy game. For a space travel simulator, its lacking in rocketships, but overall, it is one of the greatest zombie survival game on the market. If you could possibly desire a better game, then you should think about purchasing Drake of the 99 Dragons. Both it and Dota 2 share many similarites.
game-hours: 3516.6
review: blet
game-hours: 3423.9
review: Mirana Best Doto
game-hours: 520.5
review: yeah cause this game is very good to people
game-hours: 80.4
review: nice
game-hours: 1342.5
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 0.6
review: The community is so internationally vulgar prepare to learn bad words in every langauge.
game-hours: 6.6
review: Worst community ever.
game-hours: 1391.3
review: Awesome game, didnt even know i was racist!!
game-hours: 358.3
review: A fantastic multiplayer experience. This game is deeply complex with it's metagame and many strategies a team can employ. The community is not as toxic as many say it is. Yes there are the few rude, obnoxious, and annoying players but that is true for all multiplayer games. There are many ways to play such as the carry, support, nuker, initiator, and jungler. These roles all have their place in this game and there is something for everyone. Pros: - complex but easy to get into - many ways to play - relies on teamwork - great esport community - 100% free - nice aesthetic - many heroes to choose from - great ui - very rare glitches - dota tv - metagame Cons - a little difficult to get into - players not playing on thier region's server - first few hours are not very fun - occasionally takes a while to join a game
game-hours: 33.2
review: , Dota 2   =))
game-hours: 1176.0
review: 10\10
game-hours: 617.4
review: I am excited to play Dota 2
game-hours: 812.4
review: Rage Game Simulator 2015.. MMR is Broken AS HECK
game-hours: 158.1
review: Vladimir Putin 10/10
game-hours: 482.8
review: Dota 2 is a game I've been playing for about a year or so now, and I don't think I've ever been so addicted to a game before. It's a game with teamwork, strategy and beautiful visuals. The hero pool has a huge variety of different looks, skills and basic stats. The game modes for the online mode are also cool, but I wish some people who play captains mode will actually listen to their teammates instead of just picking wherever they want to. Overall this game is really fun to play and it's free! I would definately recommend this game to people who have a semi-long attention span and a quick reaction time.
game-hours: 2715.7
review: Makes you despise humanity. 10/10 is rly gd
game-hours: 16.0
review: Really great game. Introduced me to MOBA's. Very addictive and a friendly and helpful community. Little confusing at first but fun once you get used to it. Fascinating graphics and crisp sounds. Gameplay can feel repetitive but there's always an element of suspense. Each player hero is unique and powerful and the user interface of the game is easy to understand. Does not constantly bug you for micro-transactions which is great. Only problem is that finding a match, even on my closest servers takes quite some time (3-4 mins.) Loving the game otherwise. 9/10 - The Best MOBA
game-hours: 3579.6
review: I like playing this game ! I had fun playing with my friends , send gifts and more. God Speed to all of the staffs of this game.keep it up!
game-hours: 1013.1
review: goiod
game-hours: 874.7
review: its like cod but except for being in first person you are not and you are animals and aliens and things that are pretty much playing headquarters so sniper guy is obviously the best one to pick 10.1/10 - ign worth every cent of the purchase price ._.
game-hours: 2189.1
review: love hate relationship
game-hours: 509.5
review: If you want supportive and optimistic community, this game is right for you!!!. I also get gf from playing this game <3
game-hours: 1921.1
review: ,  !
game-hours: 838.4
review: 10/10 would sell my soul again.
game-hours: 1497.4
review: EVERYTHING IS AWESOME IN THIS GAME .....
game-hours: 1772.1
review: Very very very fun game. i like it :D
game-hours: 87.6
review: One of the best strategy games, but terrible community.
game-hours: 271.3
review: awesome game to wreck kids on there dads laptop.
game-hours: 647.9
review: dot 2
game-hours: 2929.4
review: Dota is a free-as-heck MOBA game that supplies hours and hours of non-stop anger, happiness, Russians, and depression! It'll ruin your life, definitely a must-get!
game-hours: 7.2
review: 2SpooPy6me
game-hours: 1609.1
review: it ok.
game-hours: 3140.7
review: It's Okay. EDIT: It's still Okay.
game-hours: 3175.4
review: Want a game that has the mentality of chess, paper-rock-scissors, crafting mini-games and the reliance on 4 other people that will inevitably fail you more often than not? How about having thousands of hours on record, and still being a miserable scrub-feeding noob? Well then, Dota is for you! It will frustrate you, take all your time, make you feel worthless and have you come back for more!
game-hours: 1767.2
review: turned me into a racist Game of the Year
game-hours: 958.8
review: Very fun game with lots of good players, and plenty of peruvians, if you wanna learn swears in Russian and Spanish this is the game for you
game-hours: 359.8
review: ..
game-hours: 1363.0
review: This the real GAME
game-hours: 2064.2
review: i love you Best game ever
game-hours: 4449.7
review: The best game ever!
game-hours: 490.5
review: DotA 2 is your ordinary high school classroom. It has affluent kids who have all the latest hats thinking that pre-cal subjects can be passed with these. Most of the time, they only want to show-off and has no real understanding of the subject. It has absurdly-gifted students (those with high match ratings) who turn into snobs when forced to work with members 'inferior' to them. Little did they know that it is they who serve as role models to their less intelligent mates. A class clown happens to be in the same subject some of the time. These people are so funny that you wish they do not get grouped with you. Air heads who do things repetitively and who seem not to get on the team's conversations. Farm - get killed - respawn (rinse and repeat). Then, the average reasonable dudes. Some of them think too highly of themselves while others have the potential of being your friends. Did i mention ladies? They are not myths. They exist; however, they are as rare as women in engineering classes. If you survived high school, this game is for you. P.S. Ironically, the average age for people playing this game is less than seven. 10/10
game-hours: 7.2
review: 2SpooPy6me
game-hours: 1609.1
review: it ok.
game-hours: 1013.1
review: goiod
game-hours: 874.7
review: its like cod but except for being in first person you are not and you are animals and aliens and things that are pretty much playing headquarters so sniper guy is obviously the best one to pick 10.1/10 - ign worth every cent of the purchase price ._.
game-hours: 691.4
review: how i earned an special item VALVE ??
game-hours: 4449.7
review: The best game ever!
game-hours: 490.5
review: DotA 2 is your ordinary high school classroom. It has affluent kids who have all the latest hats thinking that pre-cal subjects can be passed with these. Most of the time, they only want to show-off and has no real understanding of the subject. It has absurdly-gifted students (those with high match ratings) who turn into snobs when forced to work with members 'inferior' to them. Little did they know that it is they who serve as role models to their less intelligent mates. A class clown happens to be in the same subject some of the time. These people are so funny that you wish they do not get grouped with you. Air heads who do things repetitively and who seem not to get on the team's conversations. Farm - get killed - respawn (rinse and repeat). Then, the average reasonable dudes. Some of them think too highly of themselves while others have the potential of being your friends. Did i mention ladies? They are not myths. They exist; however, they are as rare as women in engineering classes. If you survived high school, this game is for you. P.S. Ironically, the average age for people playing this game is less than seven. 10/10
game-hours: 706.3
review: Dota 2  DotA  Dota 2      10/10
game-hours: 753.8
review: Nice game
game-hours: 2189.1
review: love hate relationship
game-hours: 1772.1
review: Very very very fun game. i like it :D
game-hours: 1318.2
review: The best free language learner tool available on steam, and it's free. I learned Russian, Spanish, and Polish for the cheap price of nothing. This shi't is tighter than Rosetta stone.
game-hours: 998.0
review: This game is really great if you like taking  in your
game-hours: 1271.7
review: If Dota 2 was a potato.. It would be a good potato
game-hours: 447.3
review: i ing hate that i like this game so much.
game-hours: 1516.4
review: Other people say DotA will ruin your life... I say they look like Pudge.
game-hours: 2083.9
review: This game is worse than drugs. You'll lose your job You'll lose your friends You'll lose your girlfriend You'll lose your mind. I still give it 10/10, would play again since it teaches you languages and how to be racist in said languages.
game-hours: 51.6
review: Better than League of Fgts ^^
game-hours: 2681.4
review: Steep learning curve but definately would recommend over any other MOBA. Best MOBA NA 10/10.
game-hours: 4209.8
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 51.6
review: Better than League of Fgts ^^
game-hours: 1273.6
review: Dota 2 is an amazing game! Cant stop playing!!
game-hours: 2681.4
review: Steep learning curve but definately would recommend over any other MOBA. Best MOBA NA 10/10.
game-hours: 961.6
review: Beware of russians
game-hours: 900.8
review: This game would be great if all russian players were removed.
game-hours: 784.4
review: help
game-hours: 3263.4
review: this is a good game :D
game-hours: 2355.0
review: MOBA game created by Valve and uses Source Engine. How could it be better then this?
game-hours: 2128.1
review: 10/10 you get to teekle things in the butt. Makes you want to violently strangle every russian/peruvian you come in contact with. 10/10
game-hours: 1845.1
review: hayatm sikti
game-hours: 2128.1
review: 10/10 you get to teekle things in the butt. Makes you want to violently strangle every russian/peruvian you come in contact with. 10/10
game-hours: 1845.1
review: hayatm sikti
game-hours: 2355.0
review: MOBA game created by Valve and uses Source Engine. How could it be better then this?
game-hours: 1188.8
review: Slowly eats away at your life 100% Lifesteal ! i r8ed 8/8 m8 would masterb8
game-hours: 5913.4
review: If you ever had to devote your life to one game, it'd probably be this one. And then you'd die of cancer at the age of 28. But who wants to live until they're 30 anyways?
game-hours: 612.9
review: best moba 10/10
game-hours: 3834.5
review: , ,  ,    ,   ,  ,  , !!!   ,    ,
game-hours: 4072.4
review: :O
game-hours: 3293.2
review: this game sucks.you cant even jump
game-hours: 73.2
review: Savage Gameeee!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D
game-hours: 2483.7
review: Alt-Click Simulator 2015 9/10 would play.
game-hours: 547.6
review: This game is the only reason how I passed my Russian exam.
game-hours: 1418.0
review: This game makes me want to live in Bangladesh
game-hours: 1949.2
review: this game is best and interesting
game-hours: 259.4
review: this is the best game i ever played
game-hours: 2629.3
review: very good
game-hours: 1716.3
review: Better russian teacher then any school has to offer
game-hours: 1058.0
review: Awesome
game-hours: 789.2
review: 100% LEGITIMATE SPORT!
game-hours: 2851.5
review: Puros weones jugando dota. Wena men Steve Gomez. New york Times 2013
game-hours: 2979.7
review: "Like Bad Rats, Revelations 2012 combined, with magic." - IGN
game-hours: 1298.4
review: nice game, i like to play dota2
game-hours: 2851.5
review: Puros weones jugando dota. Wena men Steve Gomez. New york Times 2013
game-hours: 1628.8
review: IDI Nahui
game-hours: 3421.5
review: Years playing good (Y)
game-hours: 2202.0
review: 10 out of 10 , but u can't see the sky :((
game-hours: 1253.7
review: The best game ever!!!
game-hours: 599.4
review: Watching russians trying to comunicate with other nations are just f****** hilarious 10/10
game-hours: 3516.7
review: A game that deserves the greatness that it has reached.
game-hours: 4578.4
review: good game
game-hours: 246.6
review: 10/10 - Don't waste money on that Rosetta Stone software if you want to learn Russian - just play Dota.
game-hours: 1949.2
review: this game is best and interesting
game-hours: 259.4
review: this is the best game i ever played
game-hours: 2629.5
review: very good
game-hours: 1048.9
review: ,   !
game-hours: 1068.3
review: NICE GAME <3
game-hours: 1373.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 1226.4
review: One of the best games :D
game-hours: 2864.7
review: its more than just addiction
game-hours: 1823.2
review: This game is the reason why my family is still alive today.
game-hours: 244.6
review: caught severe autism and type two diabetes from this game really good
game-hours: 2.5
review: dota clone
game-hours: 1789.1
review: If you wish to learn russian quickly, turn to no other programme than Dota 2. Unintentionally valve have came up with a brilliant tool to comprehend the angry sort of russian language for example ''. Before trying a michael thomas or rossetta stone course consider dota for your soviet language learning experience. 'Thanks, and have fun' ~Gabe Newell Now to be serious... Dota is extremely difficult to get your head around. To start, if you are new to moba's, you will be lost and somewhat overwhelmed by the gameplay. But as you advance in skill level and playing against rivals similar levels to you, you then realise how fun the game is. You will get raged at and you will fail, but that is whole point of improving. Dota is brilliant.
game-hours: 1610.5
review: zerei esse game mto loko
game-hours: 1062.3
review: Please Give Me A Fair Game.... If lose, i still proud... oyeah... (^_^)
game-hours: 926.1
review: If you don't have it you are an idiot
game-hours: 1637.0
review: Frankly and honestly !! Dota 2 is awesome and great to play but one thing i disliked is about the steam wallet , i already add a minimum fund to my steam wallet and purchased a item on market , the thing i disliked is that you can`t withdraw your steam wallet money back to your paypal account or credit card , i think its unfair .. what will happen if i got a big steam wallet fund in the future by selling some items i get from a game that i played hard ? how can i withdraw my money to my paypal or credit card ?
game-hours: 819.9
review: DotA 2 has a huge fan base. It is a great game with many customize features to heroes in-game. Ever since the original DotA map from Warcraft 3; it has made a huge come back in terms of graphics, and gameplay in DotA 2. I'd recommend this game in a heartbeat to those who love moba games.
game-hours: 749.3
review: addada
game-hours: 830.9
review: Das ist ein really guten spil jaaa
game-hours: 209.7
review: DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME It WILL Ruin Your Life 9/10
game-hours: 3613.0
review: 25 hours/day wasnt enough for me to play this game!
game-hours: 40.7
review: Dota 2 Is literally one of the best games I have ever played! I give the game 8/10 because It can be really hard at the beginning If you dont have anyone telling you how to play it. Dota 2 has about the same type of game as League of Legends, but I like Dota 2 much better because its more real-life. LoL (League of Legends) Is almost the same just with comic book look alike textures and more champions.. If you dont agree with me, then thumbs down. Your choice! If you want to play a mmo/rpg game, that has AWESOME and AMAZING textures you should definately download this game right now! Be sure to thumbs up if you agree or this made you wanna play it!
game-hours: 4112.2
review: no.
game-hours: 1018.5
review: Nice Game ... Friendly Team
game-hours: 2770.4
review: the best game ever :)
game-hours: 501.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 564.4
review: MOTHERIN IG LOST NO NO INGINGTTT IG MOTHERING LOST NO DONT TOUCH THIS GAME ING EVER DOUCHENOZZLE  CUNTASS
game-hours: 4636.4
review: <3
game-hours: 1443.0
review: #RUSSIANDOTO
game-hours: 323.5
review: Dota 2, where we have horrible communication with Russians on the US East servers
game-hours: 1348.1
review: This game focuses on the diverse relationships between different cultures and nationalities in a way that no other game can can. After playing DOTA 2, you should understand the following: - Every other country is a  - If you don't speak english you're a  - If you speak english you're a  - Your country is a  After you understand these concepts you should fully realize the complex nature of this game and learn to hate 99% of the world's population. 8/10 better than LoL
game-hours: 2783.4
review: This is one of the most educational games in my life it thought so many languages i have recently learned this word called  and tang inamo
game-hours: 2331.6
review: more fun playing dota 2
game-hours: 25.3
review: 9/10 brity gud
game-hours: 1238.0
review: .
game-hours: 2375.0
review: Dota is strategy game where 10 players pick a hero and fight. Fight to win and make other 9 players lose. Ironically there are only two sides of conflict, but you will have to mange- it's all out war there and war don't take prisioners. At the end of day, after games full of hate, rage, feed, brain scarcity, RUSSIA SUPREMACY, birth defects and your own shortcomings, you will notice no one is a winner and text at the end of the game "RADIANT/DIRE VICTORY" give you only as much as few points of MMR, a hollow rating feeding only your ego. For that Dota2 would be perfect for any anti-war commercials, pointing at the end that "In war, there is no winner". But for nolives like us it doesn't matter, all we need is our own ego and MMR so we fight, fight those other 9 players and hope, hope we will see that side we are with wins, hope that our MMR will reach as high as our ego, hope that other 9 players will die from cancer or other painfull diseases. Every match. Every day. Ruins life and everything else. 10/10
game-hours: 1487.6
review: Dota 2 is a Moba (Multiplayer online battle arena) game from Valve, in which you control one hero in an online 5vs5 game. Dota had its beginning in the beloved Game "Warcraft3" as a modificated Map. Dota 2 is hard to understand, especially at the beginning u have much to learn. But when you play a few matches and you start understanding the heroes and game mechanics, you will fall in love with this game. It's also free to play, so just try it. :)
game-hours: 9.3
review: 5.5/10
game-hours: 5118.2
review: give me my life back
game-hours: 1348.1
review: This game focuses on the diverse relationships between different cultures and nationalities in a way that no other game can can. After playing DOTA 2, you should understand the following: - Every other country is a  - If you don't speak english you're a  - If you speak english you're a  - Your country is a  After you understand these concepts you should fully realize the complex nature of this game and learn to hate 99% of the world's population. 8/10 better than LoL
game-hours: 2783.4
review: This is one of the most educational games in my life it thought so many languages i have recently learned this word called  and tang inamo
game-hours: 2331.6
review: more fun playing dota 2
game-hours: 1018.5
review: Nice Game ... Friendly Team
game-hours: 1238.0
review: .
game-hours: 2375.0
review: Dota is strategy game where 10 players pick a hero and fight. Fight to win and make other 9 players lose. Ironically there are only two sides of conflict, but you will have to mange- it's all out war there and war don't take prisioners. At the end of day, after games full of hate, rage, feed, brain scarcity, RUSSIA SUPREMACY, birth defects and your own shortcomings, you will notice no one is a winner and text at the end of the game "RADIANT/DIRE VICTORY" give you only as much as few points of MMR, a hollow rating feeding only your ego. For that Dota2 would be perfect for any anti-war commercials, pointing at the end that "In war, there is no winner". But for nolives like us it doesn't matter, all we need is our own ego and MMR so we fight, fight those other 9 players and hope, hope we will see that side we are with wins, hope that our MMR will reach as high as our ego, hope that other 9 players will die from cancer or other painfull diseases. Every match. Every day. Ruins life and everything else. 10/10
game-hours: 290.5
review: nice
game-hours: 1418.0
review: This game makes me want to live in Bangladesh
game-hours: 5118.2
review: give me my life back
game-hours: 1443.2
review: Caused me to stay up til 1:30 so I was starving, So I made cookies. but fell asleep and they turned into charcoal and stunk up the house. 10/10 EDIT: I now ask for tangos at resturaunts. 11/10 EDIT 2: Trees dont taste good, but I started  leaves. Thats a plus. 11+/10
game-hours: 1226.4
review: One of the best games :D
game-hours: 2864.7
review: its more than just addiction
game-hours: 1823.2
review: This game is the reason why my family is still alive today.
game-hours: 3811.3
review: Causes depression and suicide thoughts. 10/10.
game-hours: 3516.7
review: A game that deserves the greatness that it has reached.
game-hours: 4578.5
review: good game
game-hours: 246.6
review: 10/10 - Don't waste money on that Rosetta Stone software if you want to learn Russian - just play Dota.
game-hours: 1169.6
review: Un juego muy entretenido, al principio algo dificl de entender pero despues se va fluido y facil, con su gran cantidad de heroes y objetos se garantiza que ninguna partida sera igual a la anterior
game-hours: 1830.1
review: RUSSEL FEEDS TO MUCH RUINS EXPERIENCE LOTS OF TIMEZ. PLZ BAN VALVE NO WANT BE FRIENDS ANYMORE. OWES ME 2 KEYS BUT IS A JEW BUT ALSO FEEDS AND LEAVES
game-hours: 1068.3
review: NICE GAME <3
game-hours: 1487.6
review: Dota 2 is a Moba (Multiplayer online battle arena) game from Valve, in which you control one hero in an online 5vs5 game. Dota had its beginning in the beloved Game "Warcraft3" as a modificated Map. Dota 2 is hard to understand, especially at the beginning u have much to learn. But when you play a few matches and you start understanding the heroes and game mechanics, you will fall in love with this game. It's also free to play, so just try it. :)
game-hours: 9.3
review: 5.5/10
game-hours: 1443.0
review: #RUSSIANDOTO
game-hours: 350.2
review: best game ever in my life
game-hours: 4112.2
review: no.
game-hours: 892.4
review: h e CAl LED me 'BRO" and thEn SaiD " RE KT"
game-hours: 2347.2
review: Much better then League of Legends. This is coming from someone who played LoL since beta up until 6 months ago. Dota 2 shines above other games in the genre for these reasons; 1. Hero versatility 2. Learning curve is steeper but more rewarding 3. Games snowball less, but if they do its for the RIGHT reasons. 4. Games are less likely to be decided early therefore there is always plenty of time for a comeback. Overall, the game is much more rewarding for someone who is starting out in this genre, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
game-hours: 25.3
review: 9/10 brity gud
game-hours: 564.4
review: MOTHERIN IG LOST NO NO INGINGTTT IG MOTHERING LOST NO DONT TOUCH THIS GAME ING EVER DOUCHENOZZLE  CUNTASS
game-hours: 935.8
review: This game is really only fun when you know how to play but I like :)
game-hours: 1664.1
review: this EN GAME! Reasons dota sucks. 1. Dota is filled with some of the worst scum sucking pigs that have ever walked planet earth 2. Dota is so unbalanced, it has tipped the very universe upside down creating chaos and the Ebola virus to spread to the states via illegal russian imigrants 3. Dota grabs you where it hurts and makes u squeal while relentlessly calling you a "" while listing off the different ways he ed your mother. 4. Dota doesen't sleep, Dota stays up till late into the night while whispering into your mother en ear "One more game, just one more, i know you lost those last eleven, but one more will make it all better" 5. Dota doesen't forget..... Remember when you first started playing dota? U found a hero that was fun and easy like Sniper or Drow and u played the hell out of that hero till it made its way to your most successful heros list? Yeah? Well  you! Dota takes that hero and slams it in your face FOR A GOD DAMN YEAR! SO NOW AFTER U LEARN OTHER HEROS AND U SEE THAT SACK OF  U ONCE HAD FUN PLAYING, U LOOK IN THE MIRROR IN DISGUST AND JUST THINK "WOW IM A USELESS PIECE OF  SNIPER PLAYER" 6. Dota hates u and everyone around you 7.Dota laughs at your pain. 8. Dota makes you hate the ones u love most. 9. Dota spelled backwards is Atod, thats not even a word, Dota doesn't know english 10. Dota is fun. 1 Comments
game-hours: 1389.3
review: Tired of not being able to speak to those Russians you encounter on a daily basis? This game is far better than Rosetta Stone or duolingo and is completely free! You can learn all those useful phrases like    , or     or even ! This game also destroys your self-esteem and all relationships! 10/10
game-hours: 1277.7
review: As much as I only have 20 hours on this game, There isnt much to talk about. The game is addicting as  and can ruin your life if you dont control it. Its the same game over and over again. Two sides, the same map, same defences and ancients. The sounds, graphics, and game play is just awsome. However, I do find the community to suck alot. I do not have a problem with the Russians but my problem is most of the people who do speak English are the most whiny  people and report if you dont do as they say. Then theres the unfair system of the penalty pool. The fact that one can get reported with no evidence and suffer longer waiting times and ier . In conclusion, I recomend people to play this game with a group of friends, maybe time to time random servers but be careful that this game wont ruin your life.
game-hours: 3165.7
review: Play 5 games, and you'll love it forever. Complex and challenging, you'll never feel like you have mastered this game. The attention to detail is also great, the graphics or heroe talk line makes the game so much more immersive. On of the best multiplayer games I have ever played.
game-hours: 2568.9
review: An Educational game that teaches and develops the required skills that was needed during much earlier times. Based on true historical facts Dota 2 has given the player unique heroes throughout history so that the player is able to get an understanding of life in the early 1900's. Dota 2 also allows player to see the true horrors of war and allows them to get deep into the bloodshed so that they are able to learn about the true terrors when facing war, it also helps the player develop their own strategies when in combat so that when the day comes they are battle ready and won't go down without a fight. Not only is Dota 2 a historical game about combat but it also shows an indepth field of dedication. This allows the player to not just learn about dedication whilst seeing their characters dedicated to their job so much so that they will kill themselves many times for a kill, but also the player may also himself use his new skill of dedication upon the game itself. After many years of dedication he may enter tournaments within the game and develop new skills like; Teamwork, Compassion, Bravery and even Empathy. So not only is Dota 2 a historical game but it teaches the player unique skills for living day by day. This is trully a master game and it cannot be compared against any other games of its Genre. #Dota2 #History #LifeSkills #10/10
game-hours: 244.6
review: caught severe autism and type two diabetes from this game really good
game-hours: 835.4
review: Yes. Awsome game that gonna bring us all down one day.
game-hours: 1169.9
review: Made me extremely racist, ruined my school life by causes me to play Dota and not do my homework, ruined my social life, my girlfriend broke up with me because of not texting her (due to Dota), and my parents think I cut myself in my room because I am up in my room playing Dota to often. 10/10.
game-hours: 1340.3
review: too ez game
game-hours: 3072.1
review: Its addicting.
game-hours: 6189.2
review: Possibly the deepest game in existence. Knowledge is power.
game-hours: 28.7
review: Dota 2 is a very intensive video game that is just as good as League of Legends, although it is somewhat lacking in it's misogynistic protrayal of women, where all the female heroes are highly sexualized and often oppressed by the patriarchal standards of the game. There is only one strong female character (both metaphorically and literally), named "Legion Commander", and even she is highly sexualized and often the target of pornographic parodies. Although they are perfectly equal in the terms of gameplay, Valve has quite a ways to go before they reach the same plethora of well-characterized and non-sexualized female characters as Riot Games managed to do in League of Legends. Therefore, although the game is reasonably fun, I cannot honestly recommend it to any mature gamers out there.
game-hours: 1836.3
review: One of my favorite games ever!
game-hours: 1978.3
review: This is just super game.
game-hours: 367.5
review: i hate this game like seriously i hate all of this like i have learned to hate things i cannot understand, peoples i have never met, and emotions ive never know to feel before i playd this game. its like learning just to fail. it tests the limits of humanity in a philosphical way that degrades the mind, and stamps on the soul. why did i ever play this? why did i particpate and ignore the warnings of others and sink all this time into this madness? This game is like your crush continuosly telling you she doesnt like you and slowly pushing you out of his or her life. This review says i have around 400 hours of gameplay. But you dont understand, every one hour of stress is about 5 more hours and self hate, loathing, and mass sprits of depression man this stinks
game-hours: 2.5
review: dota clone
game-hours: 1701.6
review: Makes you realize most of your friends weaknesses and strengths, and how to work with that. Also teaches you valuable life skills as you play a game about russians and peruvians. 10/10 Made me say "Praise Charles Barkley"
game-hours: 823.6
review: Really nice game with good graphics. You're going to like this if you like strategy games and DotA 1
game-hours: 6869.8
review: Ruin my life and studies. 10/10 best game
game-hours: 1769.7
review: .        ,      .           .  .
game-hours: 1833.4
review: Dota 2 so funny !
game-hours: 1416.3
review: hi all
game-hours: 1698.1
review: Not for noobs
game-hours: 1238.3
review: Playing dota 6 years, played in one bunker, and I am pleased with this game, I recommend to everyone.
game-hours: 860.0
review: i like
game-hours: 1552.1
review: ,    ,     . Please raise money for my new charity that helps poor Russians find the way to server they have been looking for.
game-hours: 968.1
review: i love d2 :D
game-hours: 1410.8
review: Only get it if you have friends to play it, if you don't. Don't get it.
game-hours: 2514.0
review: govno  blyad' 10/10 2k hours worth it
game-hours: 1529.5
review: Dota2 made me addicted =x=~ i cant stop playing it T^T
game-hours: 1570.8
review: learned Russian , English language in 1000 hours . 10/10
game-hours: 1313.5
review: best language learning game ever!
game-hours: 6058.6
review: \m/
game-hours: 1111.1
review: i LOVE this game.. ^^
game-hours: 4677.8
review: BEST GAME EVER!
game-hours: 59.6
review: Best Russian Simulator out there, best way to learn basic and advanced russian. 11/10 would learn again!
game-hours: 1508.3
review: WOW NICE
game-hours: 3539.3
review: Putin approves!
game-hours: 267.7
review: It is a very funny game
game-hours: 0.8
review: If you want to learn Russian, play this game.  !
game-hours: 684.3
review: Best fn game unless your  like Juan then you won't like it
game-hours: 552.0
review: Truly great
game-hours: 1857.1
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1018.3
review: i really enjoyed this game. make sure you all play this!:)
game-hours: 2552.2
review: "gg ff report team" But seriously, pretty fun game if you have a party of friends.
game-hours: 1382.2
review: Thank you for playing !!
game-hours: 131.4
review: I recommend Dota 2 because its fun and its the originator of the MOBA genre. Still, there are some bugs that need to be fixed desperately but its a really fun game to play with your friends.
game-hours: 144.0
review: Graphics: + detailed heroes + nice animation and effects + living setting - blured textures Balance: + very good hero balance + video tutorials for beginners + train with KI - very hard for beginners Game Size: + currently 108 heroes + over 120 items + many tactics - only 1 map Sound: + diverse hero sounds + nice music + nice battle sounds + 7.1 surround Language: + learn easy different languages (russian, spain etc.) :) Welcome to Dota 2! They say, before concluding with, You suck. They're not wrong: for the first dozen hours or so, you'll be bombarded with too much information and an often unforgiving community of extremely competitive players. But if you persevere, Dota 2 becomes one of the most rewarding and tense team-based multiplayer experiences anywhere in gaming. A fantastic free-to-play model. Dota 2 has become notorious even among its MOBA peers for its difficulty  and thats totally justified. Its a double-edged sword that leads to both a terrifying introduction and a world-class game at the highest levels. You should not expect to have fun your first day playing... or even your first week, maybe months. Dota 2 is a deeply layered construct of systems, and to survive you need to understand every single one and how they interact with one another. Everything from learning to work as a member of a coordinated team to the counter-intuitive practice of killing your own AI units to deny the enemy experience points and gold theyd get from doing it themselves, and understanding the effects of hundreds of abilities like Bloodseekers Rupture (which deals huge damage with every step you take) is a big barrier to entry. Even figuring out which of the 108 heroes fits you best is a time-consuming challenge. Your learning has just begun when you've settled on what roles, heroes, and builds suit you best  you also have to adapt based on what other players choose. If the other team plays a Riki, you need to compensate with an emphasis on detection. Go up against Bloodseeker and his hideously powerful Rupture will force you to carry around a Town Portal Scroll to get home. Shop System: Only cosmetic enhancements, almost all of which are created by the community. Tournament goodies (such as tickets for viewing live events) are for sale. Theres not a single paid on the in-game balance, and thats great! In short words: Dota 2 pits two teams of five players against each other. mix of strategy and RPG, skill management and tactical gameplay. 108 heroes, each with their own style and combat abilities. most heroes have 4 skills that can be increased in power by levelling up by killing enemys. there are over 120 items to choose from within each game, each with their own ways to power up your stats and active abilities. creeps that charge down the game's three lanes, and the player controlled heroes on the opposite team. Theres a huge time investment before you can enjoy a game. it creates a playing field where skill and teamplay is top priority. the best DotA game. many heroes, items and a great balance. Thanks for reading! If you Like my Review, give me a Thumbs up in Steam (not the youtube video). I make this for the Community and your help is greatly appreciated :)
game-hours: 336.1
review: it's nice. i like this game. it's interesting
game-hours: 2349.1
review: Nice graphic and high quality visual Teamwork Strategy Game.
game-hours: 1164.4
review: If you wanna call into work and wonder why your paycheck is so short, lose friends, get smelly, get fat off of all of the pizza you'll order, and reek of addiction and frustration, download this game! It wouldn't be your first dumb choice in life other than reading this review.
game-hours: 2177.8
review: One of the best MOBA games. Just check my hours :P
game-hours: 1292.6
review: Good Game :D
game-hours: 1084.9
review: Well, i rarely play this game but it's good so far. Gotta get more play time to fully review this game.
game-hours: 958.9
review: good!
game-hours: 139.8
review: This game is the greatest thing that happened to me. It takes 5-10hrs of my time everyday, I can say that playing dota 2 changed my life in a way that I kinda lost my social life but that good thing about it is I get to meet alot of new friends online. I dont know what will happen to my 2-3 years from now because I'm already wasted almost a year of my life. Thanks Dota2
game-hours: 2728.1
review: This game is awesome. This game will develop your talent on how to involve in making a teamwork. This game will also help you to how to be friendly and this game is enjoyable.
game-hours: 519.3
review: I like everything in this game, cant say a thing. I recommend this game for all Dota players, this is more enjoying than playing Dota 1 online. I love this game so much.
game-hours: 757.9
review: it is very nice game
game-hours: 1101.0
review: This game is a hit or miss you love it or you dont if you love this game awesome lets play if not there is always league.
game-hours: 1838.3
review: When I first started DOTA2 I was a little overwhelmed, as my first ARTS/MOBA game it was pretty complicated. I soon started to pick up the mechanics like last hitting and denying. Before I knew it, I was performing  and better. I stopped making silly  and  got vastly better at not  the enemy . For the  part, everyone I've met was very helpful and , there  the   however. As  - play DOTA2    ,  ,     .      !
game-hours: 1444.6
review: A game with an amazing community which never fails to blame everybody else when they make mistakes. Dota teaches a variety of different languages including the infamous Russian, which teaches players to despise anybody who does not speak English as their first language. As well as being multicultural, the dota 2 matchmaking is just phenomenal. It always ensures you are put with first class Russian feeders, which really improves the gameplay as it allows you to be unable to play a game of dota without experiencing the variety of different 'styles of play' that this game offers to the community. As a whole this game encourages suicidal thoughts, rage and possible brain hemorrhages and/or heart attacks. 10/10 would uninstal, then reinstal. 11 vodkas  cyka blyat mid or fid
game-hours: 1427.3
review: Family, Dota, Honor House Tusk
game-hours: 2240.2
review: the community is sick u got all the players -dark seer shouting in vc scared of getting fingered by lion -visage's voice breaking, singing while accidentally dominating lane -lich laughing in vc while she saves for divine -witchdoctor impersonating his hero -in feeder -PUTANG INA BOBO -  - community sick
game-hours: 702.5
review: Play with no russians and u're ok
game-hours: 614.9
review: Better than LOL
game-hours: 1994.5
review: Never download this game.
game-hours: 1212.3
review: Many Beandips and other minorities 6/10 might play again
game-hours: 1291.1
review: Extremely fun game! The try hard Russians are a pain but still fun
game-hours: 634.3
review: The Best Game Of The World
game-hours: 1529.6
review: >Watch pro play a hero >Try to do the same thing >Ask for middle lane >Feed >" BLYAT NIGGA STOP FEED NOOB" >Get reported >Low priority >Uninstall "9/11 Best Russian language simulator 2014" -IGN
game-hours: 2782.0
review: ruined my life too addictive
game-hours: 968.1
review: i love d2 :D
game-hours: 1410.8
review: Only get it if you have friends to play it, if you don't. Don't get it.
game-hours: 2514.0
review: govno  blyad' 10/10 2k hours worth it
game-hours: 1529.5
review: Dota2 made me addicted =x=~ i cant stop playing it T^T
game-hours: 1570.8
review: learned Russian , English language in 1000 hours . 10/10
game-hours: 1313.5
review: best language learning game ever!
game-hours: 6058.6
review: \m/
game-hours: 1111.1
review: i LOVE this game.. ^^
game-hours: 264.3
review: so amazing
game-hours: 702.5
review: Play with no russians and u're ok
game-hours: 614.9
review: Better than LOL
game-hours: 1994.5
review: Never download this game.
game-hours: 53.1
review: game full of nerds with asberger's
game-hours: 1427.3
review: Family, Dota, Honor House Tusk
game-hours: 2240.2
review: the community is sick u got all the players -dark seer shouting in vc scared of getting fingered by lion -visage's voice breaking, singing while accidentally dominating lane -lich laughing in vc while she saves for divine -witchdoctor impersonating his hero -in feeder -PUTANG INA BOBO -  - community sick
game-hours: 15.0
review: Community with toxicity levels rivaling the other horrible competitive games out there. Avoid it unless your Warcraft 3 nostalgia is a large as your tolerance for Humanity's pettiest of creatures. Nice people do play the game, but they are overshadowed by the far-larger "variety of unmedicated disorders" that plague the gamer community as a whole. What's worse is Valve has three cash cow micropayment fests now, and they don't look to be dissuaded from that. They've hidden it so well since they're price-tagging "holier than thou satisfaction" (percieved social status through cosmetics) rather than skill-removing or advantage giving items. it's holding art assets to ransom instead of code. I don't want to have to pay USD$2.49 to unlock the orange HEV suit skin or "classic" crowbar reskin some day.
game-hours: 1011.8
review: It's a good game and all. but it has so many flaws. first off, the pros. The game is getting massive content every now and so and it feels fresh, the map is fantastic and simple to learn. same with the heroes too and the community made content is fantastic! but the cons.. where do I begin? now, I love this game and everything... but the community is just what ruins it. I've been into games and I have over 800 hours plus and still being called an noob and everything and blames me. there is some situations that I couldn't do anything and my friend keeps trying to help, and no one else trys to come to the lane. and i'm the one getting blamed. also, the game seriously need either: more servers, or region locks. because I am sick and tired of being matched with peruvians, portugese, russians, etc. and not to mention, if you're in a parties. more chances you're gonna find some stupid clan team that does nothing but just does stun stacks while we just wanna have fun. the worse of all, is the people who always spam "UMADBRO?" and take insults from . but seriously, it's impossible to not be frustrated in a video game, espacilly dota... seriously. it's just sad that these kind of communities just ruin a game, and I can no longer have fun. To me, the game is just not fun anymore. some heroes are broken as hell, heck valve tried to nerf riki... but they just buffed him more instead. well gg.
game-hours: 523.0
review: Best MOBA game :)
game-hours: 958.9
review: good!
game-hours: 139.8
review: This game is the greatest thing that happened to me. It takes 5-10hrs of my time everyday, I can say that playing dota 2 changed my life in a way that I kinda lost my social life but that good thing about it is I get to meet alot of new friends online. I dont know what will happen to my 2-3 years from now because I'm already wasted almost a year of my life. Thanks Dota2
game-hours: 2728.2
review: This game is awesome. This game will develop your talent on how to involve in making a teamwork. This game will also help you to how to be friendly and this game is enjoyable.
game-hours: 519.3
review: I like everything in this game, cant say a thing. I recommend this game for all Dota players, this is more enjoying than playing Dota 1 online. I love this game so much.
game-hours: 757.9
review: it is very nice game
game-hours: 1101.0
review: This game is a hit or miss you love it or you dont if you love this game awesome lets play if not there is always league.
game-hours: 194.3
review: I have played a game that has similarities to this one. It is called League of Legends. I can tell you this: "If you are one of those sub-humans that think L.O.L. is a decent game, I feel for you. I pray to valve gods that RIOT sinks into the sea, and you all are saved from the horrors that lie deep within the L.O.L." George to the Apostles 2:16 DOTA is the game to go with. If you are a male in your 30s and you love to hit it off with actual humans then play DOTA, but I suggest being part of the PC master race before playing. If one plays on a Mac, You will find it hard to be liked. People will ask "why you are playing on a toaster?", or "What is this 'Mac' you speak of?" On the third day Gaben had cometh and said to all the sub-humans in conjuction to himself, "Illumanati...I belive that is how you spell it...Wait I mean the 'Orange box 2.0' will include HL3, LSD, Cocaine and Cocaine accesories." GABEN- Illumanati 2019 Pretty much, DOTA 2 is good. Unless you are a dingo baby-eating, coco puff-sniffing turtle soup . -A loyal RITO Consumer
game-hours: 1276.2
review: Better than LoL that is for nooby 10 yr olds. Great graphics, quite hard but really fun to play.
game-hours: 90.9
review: I used to play this game in order to clear my mind and relax from playing League of Legends but now it's exactly the opposite. Very addictive game, loads of fun, coming from someone with a fair amount of experience in MOBAs. Loads of heroes to choose from (all free to use with purchasable skins), tons of items and possible item builds, some nice workshop content and a lot of support from the community. Community overall is not perfect but you will never find a "perfect" gaming community. I recommend this game to people who enjoy playing battle arena games and remember: you're playing for fun, not to win.
game-hours: 53.1
review: game full of nerds with asberger's
game-hours: 634.3
review: The Best Game Of The World
game-hours: 4264.3
review: BETTER THAN ROSETTA STONE AND DRAGON COMBINED. THE PREMIER LANGUAGE LEARNING GAME OUT THERE. LEARN SPANISH, PORTUGUESE, CHINESE, KOREAN, RUSSIAN, AND FILIPINO FOR THE LOW PRICE OF FREE*. *AND YOUR SANITY
game-hours: 1838.4
review: When I first started DOTA2 I was a little overwhelmed, as my first ARTS/MOBA game it was pretty complicated. I soon started to pick up the mechanics like last hitting and denying. Before I knew it, I was performing  and better. I stopped making silly  and  got vastly better at not  the enemy . For the  part, everyone I've met was very helpful and , there  the   however. As  - play DOTA2    ,  ,     .      !
game-hours: 5432.2
review: u c k D o t a o t a
game-hours: 1785.7
review: I'm single because of this game. 5 stars
game-hours: 2953.8
review: Literally ruined my life. 5 stars.
game-hours: 1742.5
review: wow you can't even jump in this game, i dont understand people tell me  and jaja
game-hours: 1830.7
review: 10/10 Best Game of The Decade would  a chicken to have  in watermelon and the  obama's grandmother to actully be able to play more dota2 in the afternoon right after #4:20 blaze it time... I would recommend this game to all porn stars incloding the tree in-front of my house. If you are dog, i recommend not to you and if you are cat eat a potatoe. This gmae is for MLG quickscopers who like to maturbate with a bucket. If you cannot suck a  the size of a walnut go eat more tomatoes, beause china does not exist... Playing dota2 is like eating a raw egg. tasty but you will get salmonella. So please play this game... i need more people to be noobs so i can ing  on face. If you do not like  on face go home to your weed. from dear friend, Morgan Freeman
game-hours: 5444.8
review: Don't play this game!
game-hours: 840.0
review: Report Riki, Invi and Backstab are Op. Report Crystal Maiden, She is not warding, and this is not OP Report Pugna ,Wards are Op , Report Queen of Pain, Boobs are Op Report Pudge , Rot is Op , Report Tinker, Lazors are Op Report Kunkka , TideBringer is Op, Report Enigma, Black Hole is Op Report Juggernaut, Ulti is Op, Report Shopkeeper, Prices are Op Report Doom, Doom is Op, Report Roshan, Cheese and Aegis are Op Report Andy Mage, magic suxs Doto 2, The Best Report/Rage/Feed Simulator in the Game market. Also, Don't forget the russians, They are everywhere
game-hours: 6.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 2126.4
review: VERY GOOD GAME 10/10 COMMUNITY <3 RUSSIANS VERY GOOD PLAYERS
game-hours: 3442.6
review: A great game ..Dota 2 is an excellent and a Time Worth Spending Game..Best competitive game made.
game-hours: 1529.6
review: >Watch pro play a hero >Try to do the same thing >Ask for middle lane >Feed >" BLYAT NIGGA STOP FEED NOOB" >Get reported >Low priority >Uninstall "9/11 Best Russian language simulator 2014" -IGN
game-hours: 1958.8
review: I played for 2000Hours.I learned so much language from SEA country like phil,spore etc.
game-hours: 1444.6
review: A game with an amazing community which never fails to blame everybody else when they make mistakes. Dota teaches a variety of different languages including the infamous Russian, which teaches players to despise anybody who does not speak English as their first language. As well as being multicultural, the dota 2 matchmaking is just phenomenal. It always ensures you are put with first class Russian feeders, which really improves the gameplay as it allows you to be unable to play a game of dota without experiencing the variety of different 'styles of play' that this game offers to the community. As a whole this game encourages suicidal thoughts, rage and possible brain hemorrhages and/or heart attacks. 10/10 would uninstal, then reinstal. 11 vodkas  cyka blyat mid or fid
game-hours: 63.8
review: Pudge is too ing OP. Valve plz nerf.
game-hours: 1626.8
review: Don't ever play this game. You will be addicted
game-hours: 6.0
review: Dota2 is Good But if u like this kind of game go and play "Warcraft III The Frozen Throne " or World Of Warcraft. :D
game-hours: 3461.8
review: Ruins my life 25/10
game-hours: 466.1
review: Arma 2 is an epic tale in which you play as a police man officer trying to stop world war 3.5. The game is really good except if I don't keep my eye on it, it hides within my many wank tissues, in which is tries to collect my  and make hitler MK2. Would vote this game a good 9/11. Merry Allah Akbar.
game-hours: 1157.0
review: , .     ""     .           . ,  !)
game-hours: 2782.0
review: ruined my life too addictive
game-hours: 1822.1
review: this game ruined my life... 10/10
game-hours: 2251.8
review: wow this game very2 good
game-hours: 213.7
review: Free To PLay
game-hours: 164.4
review: This Game Gave Me: Achondroplasia Acne AIDS Albinism Alcoholic hepatitis Allergy Alopecia Alzheimer's disease Amblyopia Amebiasis Anemia Aneurdu Anorexia Anosmia Anotia Anthrax Appendicitis Apraxia Argyria Arthritis Aseptic meningitis Asthenia Asthma Astigmatism Atherosclerosis Athetosis Atrophy Bacterial meningitis Barack Obama syndrome Beriberi Black Death Botulism Breast cancer Bronchitis Brucellosis Bubonic plague Bunion Bella killer Calculi Campylobacter infection Cancer Candidiasis Carbon monoxide poisoning Celiacs disease Cerebral palsy Chagas disease Chalazion Chancroid Chavia Cherubism Chickenpox Child elongated  syndrome Chlamydia Chlamydia trachomatis Cholera Chordoma Chorea Chronic fatigue syndrome Circadian rhythm sleep disorder Coccidioidomycosis Colitis Common cold Condyloma Congestive heart disease Coronary heart disease Cowpox Cretinism Crohn's Disease Dengue Diabetes mellitus Diphtheria Dehydration Ear infection Ebola Encephalitis Emphysema Epilepsy Erectile dysfunction Foodborne illness Gangrene Gastroenteritis Genital herpes GERD Goitre Gonorrhea Heart disease Hepatitis A Hepatitis B Hepatitis C Hepatitis D Hepatitis E Hepatitis F (Childhood Herpes) Histiocytosis (Childhood Cancer) HIV Human papillomavirus Huntington's disease Hypermetropia Hyperopia Hyperthyroidism Hypothermia Hypothyroid Hypotonia Impetigo Infertility Influenza Interstitial cystitis Iritis Iron-deficiencyanemia Irritable bowel syndrome Ignious Syndrome Jaundice Keloids Kuru Kwashiorkor Laryngitis Lead poisoning Leaking scrotum syndrome Legionellosis Leishmaniasis Leprosy Leptospirosis Listeriosis Leukemia Lice Loiasis Lung cancer Lupus erythematosus Lyme disease Lymphogranulomavenereum Lymphoma Malaria Marburg fever Measles Melanoma Melioidosis Metastatic cancer Mnire's disease Meningitis Migraine Mononucleosis Multiple myeloma Multiple sclerosis Mumps Muscular dystrophy Myasthenia gravis Myelitis Myoclonus Myopia Myxedema Morquio Syndrome Mattticular syndrome Neoplasm eritis Non-gonococcal urethritis Necrotizing Fasciitis Night blindness Obesity Osteoarthritis Osteoporosis Otitis Palindromic rheumatism Paratyphoid fever Parkinson's disease Pelvic inflammatory disease Peritonitis Periodontal disease Pertussis Phenylketonuria Plague Poliomyelitis Porphyria Progeria Prostatitis Psittacosis Psoriasis Pubic lice Pulmonary embolism Pilia Q fever Ques fever Rabies Repetitive strain injury Rheumatic fever Rheumatic heart Rheumatism Rheumatoid arthritis Rickets Rift Valley fever Rocky Mountain spotted fever Rubella Salmonellosis Sandy  Scabies Scarlet fever Sciatica Scleroderma Scrapie Scurvy Sepsis Septicemia SARS Shigellosis Shin splints Shingles Sickle-cell anemia Siderosis SIDS Silicosis Smallpox Stevens-Johnsonsyndrome Stomach flu Stomach ulcers Strabismus Strep throat Streptococcal infection Swag Synovitis Syphilis Swine influenza Schizophrenia Taeniasis Tay-Sachs disease Tennis elbow Teratoma Tetanus Thalassaemia Thrush Thymoma Tinnitus Tonsillitis Tooth decay Toxic shock syndrome Trichinosis Trichomoniasis Trisomy Tuberculosis Tularemia Tungiasis Typhoid fever Typhus Tumor Ulcerative colitis Ulcers Uremia Urticaria Uveitis l warts Varicella Varicose veins Vasovagal syncope Vitiligo Von Hippel-Lindau disease Viral fever Viral meningitis Warkany syndrome Warts Watkins Yellow fever Yersiniosis Zygamantis + Russian ppl swearing me and my mom Would recommend 10/10
game-hours: 1598.5
review: Clearly a poor attempt at marketing towards the LoL consumers, this game copies every aspect of LoL, along with adding crappy new elements such as killing your own minions and towers which is dumb, stupid donkeys (obvious videogamedunkey refrence towards LoL players to better suit them) instead of recall, and is super hard. This game sucks because you automatically get every champion and they are all confusing other than sniper which has to be the most skilled champion in this copy cat of a game. Do not play this game, play LoL 11/10
game-hours: 1042.6
review: ing carries asking me to buy wards and  when they dont even give me last hits. 10/10
game-hours: 249.9
review: The best RTS game ever !! U GUYS SHOULD HAVE IT !!!!!
game-hours: 466.1
review: Arma 2 is an epic tale in which you play as a police man officer trying to stop world war 3.5. The game is really good except if I don't keep my eye on it, it hides within my many wank tissues, in which is tries to collect my  and make hitler MK2. Would vote this game a good 9/11. Merry Allah Akbar.
game-hours: 1615.2
review: It's okay. I accidentally some hours on it
game-hours: 442.8
review: The only downside I can see in this game is it's community, but that's not part of the game itself, besides that, everything else is golden, it's a game that deserves to be admired with no doubts or, at the least, have respect for. (Even if someone hates it.) The graphics are good, the game mechanics are fun and varied, the enviroment and map seems to be quite detailed too, I may not play it too much, but that doesn't means I think that indeed this game is one of the best; if not the best game out there of the MOBA genre.
game-hours: 1283.0
review: You will immediately nurture a deep hatred for Russians
game-hours: 882.2
review: Best game! You must play it :)
game-hours: 2572.3
review: Will destroy your life 11/10
game-hours: 583.2
review: Dota 2 is mastered by Asians and Russians League of Legends is mastered by Americans Dota 2 offers you a challenge, and teaches you that patience and cunning pays off League of Legends offers you relaxation, and teaches you that you should be eager, swift, and dont care about mana management Dota 2 offers you the enjoyable experience of justified racism, watch as minorities are living up to their infamy League of Legends offers you the enjoyable experience of playing with casuals with no concern for their team and the game + anger issue underage players as a bonus Dota 2 offers you a large roster of free heroes with a nice overall design, and a fair amount of female characters. League of Legends offers you better artwork than better graphics, with a paid roster of over-designed heroes that makes it look like an all-star fighter game, also with more sellout boobs and more fan-made porn Dota 2 offers you height vision, unforgiving death penalties, buyback, fortification, day/night cycle that affects gameplay, all chat, a state of the art replay system, over a 100+ items with various active effects and more! League of Legends offers you... nothing? yes. "League of Legends is more popular than Dota 2" is what you're gonna say? Does it make it the best game? no. Because if i followed your logic, then Candy Crush Saga & Flappy Bird are the best games ever! or Call of Duty is better than Battlefield? Rust is better than DayZ? Counter-Strike is better than Insurgency? Team Fortress 2 is better than.. oh  this one anyways, its a breeding ground for casuals who cant handle frustration and competitiveness in videogames. Anyways... Pick your poison, DotA or LoL?
game-hours: 2099.4
review: The best thing about DOTA 2 is its player vs player action. The worst thing about DOTA 2 is its player vs player interaction.
game-hours: 1390.8
review: 10/10 would recommend to spoil your life
game-hours: 4997.5
review: I love to play Dota2 .. playing since Dota about 5 years ago <3
game-hours: 586.1
review: best game in my life
game-hours: 547.2
review: gret shet. must play. tyme 2 wrek sum nubs. get readeh 2 beh wreketed dnt beh slow. I detect slowness play it and beh readeh to have teh time of ur lyfe. #dntbehslow #getwrekt #isuckatthisgame
game-hours: 1439.0
review: GG
game-hours: 8.8
review: . 69/10
game-hours: 42.8
review: this game ruins your life dont ing play it
game-hours: 1923.4
review: i like the part where i win and i dont like the part when i dont
game-hours: 892.5
review: Dota 2 > Social Life
game-hours: 1337.9
review: WARNING: Do not play if you want to have a social life ever again.
game-hours: 951.0
review: Aliens Colonial Marines is still better
game-hours: 914.3
review: My first MOBA game. Very difficult, and very competitive. Easily the worst part of this game is the community. However, your performance does impact your team's performance, so be sure to watch some videos, play some bot games, and ask some questions before you play matchmaking, or you will definitely jarate off your entire team. There's a very nice hero selection, so you have a lot of choices. It now just needs more maps ;) (I'm no map purist)
game-hours: 1837.6
review: go to leauge this is a shity game
game-hours: 983.2
review: , ,    .   .
game-hours: 1024.6
review: Just try it. Worth every minute invested. And ofc, no outher moba has Invoker.
game-hours: 1307.6
review: GG
game-hours: 6.6
review: Sucks donkey . No me gusta.
game-hours: 1028.9
review: I SAID GOOD DAY, SIR ! -AXE, THE MANLIEST DUNK MASTER
game-hours: 626.5
review: like
game-hours: 2586.1
review: the best game ever <3
game-hours: 1069.5
review: Yes
game-hours: 316.6
review: the best game in the world. good joob valve
game-hours: 1206.4
review: Strangely addictive after you've figure out one hero. Alternatively frustrating and exhilirating. Interesting events. Nice when you have a team or bunch of friends but also good to play solo. Love the hero items and effects. Agonizing to play when the internet connection is bad or when you have abusive teammates. Every game, even played with the same people, is different. Infinite combinations of heroes, items, usage and player skills. Takes some time to get the hang of any hero at first but some help always... helps... hahaha... =) Enjoy!!
game-hours: 4801.2
review: TOP DOS TOPS!
game-hours: 2282.5
review: This game has taught me Russian, Spanish and that my mom AND dad are s who  11-year olds. Highly recommended!
game-hours: 1.0
review: worst game i've ever played 0/10
game-hours: 1534.6
review: I tried to kill a tower and i died. 9/11, would never forget.
game-hours: 1229.1
review: This game is just like real life. If you ain't white, you ain't right.
game-hours: 3319.2
review: very nice game ^_^
game-hours: 5021.2
review: best game ever
game-hours: 2736.0
review: This should be illegal.
game-hours: 935.8
review: What a piece of  game. I would rather lick Zeldas big toe from mario kart 64 on the playstation 2 than play this piece of  everyday. great game 3/2.5
game-hours: 3942.5
review: not suitable for noob
game-hours: 1044.6
review: Great fun, ranked is a bit crap, but overall a great game that never seems to get boring. I can also bestow words of hatred upon your mum in russian. Ty Dota. 10/10
game-hours: 488.9
review: this game is very interest
game-hours: 1933.3
review: nice
game-hours: 952.2
review: Made me so angry I burst several blood vessels in eye. Worst game ever, would not recommend to someone who just got out of prison.
game-hours: 3709.7
review: matchmaking sucks, every game is lost. YOU CANNOT WIN ! EVER!
game-hours: 2.1
review: Like Skyrim with action strategy.
game-hours: 2146.0
review: This game is so great and addicting that I killed my wife because she took up too much of my time. 10/10
game-hours: 1682.4
review: | Delete dota. vodka.
game-hours: 4337.8
review: Best MOBA ever..
game-hours: 695.4
review: this game is the
game-hours: 477.1
review: AWersome game .. you will forgot age of empires and SId mier's civilization
game-hours: 1118.5
review: dota is like porn, cant get enough of it.
game-hours: 1323.6
review: 123
game-hours: 27.3
review: ITS A ING LEAGUE RIPOFF MUTHER TRUCKER #LOL4LYFE TRUCKERS AND GOT DAMN WHERES THE PO RN IT AINT NO REAL MOBA IF THERE ISNT HENTIA RELEASED OF IT COME ONNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN HENTAI ARTISTS GET ON DIS .
game-hours: 2791.5
review: Do not EVER touch this!
game-hours: 366.4
review: People who play this game will betray you in the end.
game-hours: 0.5
review: This game runied my life, took all my money and lost me my girlfriend, friends and the love and support of my family 10/10
game-hours: 4.9
review: Merr it's okay i guess..
game-hours: 1603.9
review: The best relaxing game for me ;)
game-hours: 18.0
review: There's more Russian in this game than DayZ.
game-hours: 1722.8
review: This game is AMAZING!!! Best game ever created... I don't think there will be anything better in the world ever. If this game was a person I'd marry it!!
game-hours: 2414.3
review: Free-to-learn Russian language
game-hours: 3177.6
review: This is what it means to live
game-hours: 1512.0
review: Teaches you to dislike anyone who doesnt speak your language, 10/10 would play agian
game-hours: 238.3
review: Valve want more $$$ as Riot Games = Boring Events, Boring Items and Boring New Heroes... R.I.P Dota 2, i play HotS in the Future!!!
game-hours: 1418.7
review: ......--~*'.'\ . (-~~--_.,/' ..-^" : : : : :-"/' -^" : : : : : : : '\,-" **'^^~-----~^*'" : : : : : : : : : :-" .:.:.:.:.-^" : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :-" :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: : : : : : : : : : -^ .::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:. : : : : : : : -^ :.' : : '\ : : : : : : : ;-~" :.:.:: :"-""***/*'' :.': : : : :"- : : :"\ .:.:.: : : : :" : : : : \, :.: : : : : : : : : : : : ' : : : : : : :, : : : : : :/ "-_::::_-*__~"
game-hours: 948.9
review: League of peruvians 9/11 -IGN
game-hours: 391.0
review: my friend said i can make money off of this game. my friend lied
game-hours: 1728.2
review: Just an awesome Game! But we need Gaben as Hero!
game-hours: 4337.8
review: Best MOBA ever..
game-hours: 695.4
review: this game is the
game-hours: 477.1
review: AWersome game .. you will forgot age of empires and SId mier's civilization
game-hours: 1118.5
review: dota is like porn, cant get enough of it.
game-hours: 1323.6
review: 123
game-hours: 391.0
review: my friend said i can make money off of this game. my friend lied
game-hours: 2443.7
review: Dota 2, sebuah game yang menuntut pemahaman yang lebih dari seorang gamer yang ingin mahir bermain Dota. 800 jam saya bermain bahkan saya belum berani berkata bahwa saya sudah mahir bermain Dota. Dota 2 adalah game bergenre RTS, dimana didalamnya pemain akan bertanding 5vs5 dalam sebuah map dengan 3 line yang akan digunakan untuk lining (istilah untuk farming exp dan gold) dengan tujuan akhir menghancurkan ancient lawan. Tiap pemain akan memainkan sebuah hero, yang hero-heronya itu memiliki role dan peran masing-masing demi mendukung kemenangan tim. Untuk memulai belajar bermain, saya sarankan menonton tutorial di Youtube akun DotaCinema :) Dota 2 menurut saya sudah sangat baik dalam hal gaming experience, akan tetapi masih kurang dari segi cash in game yang berguna untuk kosmetik hero yang digunakan. Pengembang Dota 2 seolah tidak berusaha untuk mengendalikan pasar item yang harganya sangat-sangat mahal. Hal ini disatu sisi memang menunjukkan bahwa Dota 2 memiliki pemain yang serius dan berdedikasi untuk game, tapi di sisi lain cenderung tidak ramah kepada pemula-pemula yang ada. Tapi hal ini bukan masalah yang serius, karena banyak orang yang menikmati permainannya tanpa memikirkan itemnya. Sebagai game yang memiliki pemain aktif terbanyak di Steam, anda harus mencobanya!
game-hours: 3709.7
review: matchmaking sucks, every game is lost. YOU CANNOT WIN ! EVER!
game-hours: 948.9
review: League of peruvians 9/11 -IGN
game-hours: 2244.7
review: DotA 2 RU Edition Now with 200% more hats! Select Server : -Russia -Russia -Russia -Brasil Choose Game Mode : PUB Pudge PUB Pudge "sutka" mode Shadowblade new meta Wuts support Enhanced c.y.k.a. experience Duo mid lost tower at 5:16 Select your Hero : " " picks Pudge "xXxHs460noscopexXx" picks Riki "Walter White" picks Lina "" picks Bounty Hunter Chat log: - :    -xXxHs460noscopexXx: xaxaxa -Walter White: i'm mid fock u i'm pro -xXxHs460noscopexXx: xaxaxa -:      -Walter White (Lina) Has disconncted from the game. Please wait for them to reconnect. Match is lost or disconnected: " (1/27/0)": Found an Arcane item "You (15/3/12)": Found a Treasure Chest "xXxHs460noscopexXx (5/18/3)": Found a Common item
game-hours: 795.8
review: The best MOBA in the world and its free too, I like it because it has Action, awesome heros/villans, amazing spell animatons also its cool becuase the time changes, it can turn day and night. Now you know why I like it so much!
game-hours: 497.0
review: ,  , ,
game-hours: 1220.7
review: Over the course of almost 2 years playing this game, I can affirm that my proficiency in speaking foreign languages has improved drastically. Thank you, volvo.
game-hours: 1004.8
review: If you want to learn Russian for free, play this game. If you want fast course in Russian, play in European and Russian servers. Satisfaction 100% guaranteed, and no money back as it's free to play anyway!
game-hours: 541.7
review: I never thought I will play a game such as Dota, the game is huge and fun.. the art and the voice acting are simply crazy, this game is totally strategic, you will hate it if you don't have friends to play it with you. The game also require a lot of team work, if you like to go solo in online games.. than Dota 2 is not for you.
game-hours: 3757.4
review: Ever wish you could pay a game with Brazillians, Puerto Ricans, and Russians all in one fell swoop?! Now you can, with this free to play game! Which will teach you to be racist, and then learn how to cope with your own racism! A must download!
game-hours: 849.2
review: 1   F2P .  ,,,   !    1    .
game-hours: 780.9
review: This game ruined my life, from a good class to a normal class. But I liked the way it ruined my life!!!
game-hours: 1488.8
review: Play Dota 2 and you will learn russian language in a few days ! I recommend this game !  penopt 12/10
game-hours: 2651.7
review: I hate competitive games. Especially moba's and starcraft. This one however managed to suck me in with "vs bots" game mode and cosmetic items store. I'm still not sure how or why it happened but i do enjoy playing Dota and sometimes i even play vs people, even though it makes me want to cry or yell in rage. There are few major issues with Dota 2 at the moment: 1) Absence of communication between developers and players. Dev forums seem to exist only for players, since thousands of bugs (especially cosmetic ones) and suggestions simply remain ignored. 2) Infrequent content updates and lack of features. They could've at least allowed us to play game modes from different events to diversify gameplay or added new maps, instead they keep focusing on adding new cosmetic items. 9 out of 10 updates only include "hats". Game folder keeps growing but nothing changes gameplay-wise. They even stopped adding new bots to my favourite game mode. 3) Constant server side issues which they can't fix. There are issues with downloading replays, reconnecting to games, watching matches, searching for games and even finishing matches without somebody getting crashes or disconnects. 4) A lot of racism, swearing and general anger towards other players. Especially Russians. Report system is completely inadequate and doesn't help at all. I would recommend Dota 2 because its cute and well-thought game, with amazing voice-overs and excellent replayability. I do advise however against spending money in their store since once your start you cannot stop. This is probably how drug addiction works - they pull you in with free stuff and then you just want to complete a set, buy new items because of the modified effects, gamble for a chance to get some common item which would later cost hundreds of dollars (valve deliberately removes some items to drive up prices), find some unusual courier which could easily compensate all of your spendings... or plunge yourself into poverty if you get unlucky with chests.
game-hours: 4818.6
review: pay2win... the only way it can be redeemed at this point is with custom sprays a la cs
game-hours: 159.8
review: Great game, really enjoyable. The character selection is fantastic. They still add in new heroes from time to time to keep it lively. They keep it updated to keep it lively as well. Great selection of community made skins, weapons, etc. alongside a fun selection of voiceovers that you can choose as the announcer. If you don't like buying DLC or add-on content, they allow it to be shared in games so it eleminates the hassle of never being able to see it in action and, for me, eleminates me having to ever buy the content =-). It's one of the top MOBA's out there. Only drawback would be the community that encompasses it. Sometimes it's not so bad depending on the group you get matched with. Obviously, the way to get around this problem is to play with a bunch of friends you know so you won't ever get "grouped" up with others. Nevertheless, the learning curve on the game can be harsh, as can the general rules of the game. I prefer the fact that it is punishing if you get killed frequently/on a regular basis.
game-hours: 55.5
review: 1.       2.    3.      4.    5.  6.   7.   8.    9. 2    Good things that better than League of Legends 1. You can enjoy all heroes for free 2. In-game voice feature 3. You can get skins In your game playing 4. League betting available 5. Troll Systems 6. Difference in level of the terrain 7. Wood system 8. The diversity of the active item 9. Dota 2 heroes are generally leveling up  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 92
game-hours: 608.8
review: Game too hard, going back to league of lesibans
game-hours: 66.9
review: You want to ruin friendships or make new ones? This game. Want to say "mid or feed"? this game Want to shout at everybody because they didn't do what you said even though you said you would report them? this ing game
game-hours: 3448.0
review: Had a dream. Dota 2 change that. Ruined my life. 5stars
game-hours: 2306.2
review: This game steals your life literally.
game-hours: 33.2
review: Awesome Game!
game-hours: 2787.4
review: This game makes me bleed internally. 10/10
game-hours: 1880.0
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 656.1
review: Very nice GAME Dota2
game-hours: 3394.0
review: if you wanna waste your time (life on this ) then this game is made for you
game-hours: 0.7
review: ew
game-hours: 129.3
review: This game was good but got not good. 0/10 Put more Shrek in.
game-hours: 1693.9
review: Learn Russian for free. 10/10
game-hours: 1275.3
review: Persomnalei i wuld lik to sae dat dis gaem gud and i lik lot and lik i get lots kills and lik gud gaem and stuf... ,but i dun lik all da 4skinerrs dat speke rushin and spanesh cuz dey nubz and taek my killz1 also no kilstreeks so mebe 11/10, just cuz gaem is gud
game-hours: 3302.5
review: :)
game-hours: 1558.8
review: i like game
game-hours: 1.3
review: Never occurs to me that time in life is too little, until DOTA 2 came along.
game-hours: 1201.4
review: THIS ING GAME WILL MAKE YOU RETHINK THE TERMS HARDCORE, LEARNING CURVE, AND RUSSIANS. IT WILL TURN A TODDLER TO A FULLY GROWN MAN, EVEN IF THEY AREN'T A MALE. DON'T PLAY THIS GAME IF YOU AINT MAN ENOUGH. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND TO POO-BABBIES THAT CAN'T LEARN . WOULDN'T RECOMMEND TO THOSE WHO THINK THEY LIKE RUSSIA AND SOUTH AMERICA. IF YOU CAME HERE FROM ING LoL THEN GO BACK B4 YOU CRY YOURSELF TO SLEEP EVERYTIME SOMEONE YELLS AT YOU FOR BEING THE  PERSON YOU ARE. RECOMMEND TO THOSE WHO LIKE THE HYPER COMPETITIVE AND STRATEGIC GAMEPLAY OF RIGHTCLICKING EVERYWHERE AND EVERYTHING AND PRESSING YOUR Q, W, E, AND R KEYS FOR HOURS AND HOURS ON END. WOULDN'T RECOMMEND TO PEOPLE WHO HAVE A BETTER USE OF 1000+ HOURS. WOULDN'T RECOMMEND TO THOSE WHO ENJOY HAVING A LIFE. WOULDN'T RECOMMEND TO THOSE WHO LIKE ANY OTHER VIDEOGAME GENRE OR ANY GENRE OF ENTERTAINMENT ALTOGETHER. WOULDN'T RECOMMEND TO PEOPLE WHO OWN A STEAM CONTROLLER. WOULDN'T RECOMMEND TO THOSE THINK THEY CAN HAVE A LIFE WHILE PLAYING THIS GAME AT THE SAME TIME. WOULDN'T RECOMMEND IF YOU PLAN ON WINNING. WOULDN'T RECOMMEND TO YOU CAVEMEN THAT LIVE ALONE AND CAN'T EVEN MAKE FRIENDS WITH RAPISTS AND MURDERERS ON THE INTERNET. WOULDN'T RECOMMEND TO THE PEOPLE THAT LIVE IN REGIONS THAT SPEAK ENGLISH AND PLAN ON PLAYING ON SERVERS AIMED FOR THE ENGLISH-SPEAKING PEOPLE. WOULDN'T RECOMMEND TO PEOPLE WHO HAVE HAND-CRAFTED THEIR OWN COMPUTERS OUT OF WOOD AND HAVE TOASTERS FOR ROUTERS AND MODEMS. IF YOU SOMEHOW DON'T FIT THESE DESCRIPTIONS, GO THE  AHEAD AND DOWNLOAD IT. DOTA IS LOVE. DOTA IS LIFE. ALL CAPS. 10/10 The Perfect MOBA luv dis gaem srsly tho this game is pretty gud if u know how to play
game-hours: 1697.8
review: hmm very well game ;)
game-hours: 205.9
review: Only for homos
game-hours: 2527.8
review: We had two bags of tango, animal courier, five high-powered healing salves, a saltshaker half-full of dust of appearance, a whole galaxy of multi-colored wards... Also, a quart of clarity, a case smoke of deceit, a bottle with a double damage rune, and two town portal scrolls. Not that we needed all that for the Dota, but once you get locked into a serious items collection, the tendency is to push it as far as you can. The only thing that really worried me was the bottle with a double damage rune. There is nothing in the world more helpless and irresponsible and depraved than a man with the double damage, and I knew we'd get into that rotten stuff pretty soon.
game-hours: 1273.5
review: Ahhh.... Dota 2. This game is severaly unbalanced since no matter how well you play, your team will always blame you for the loss. It is also insanely luck based because the team that gets most russians usually looses. A lot of functions in this game are completely broken as well. For example, even if you pick "English" in the language bar everyone still speaks Russian. Sometimes German or French, but never English. Playing this game I had a few mental breakdowns and smashed three windows in total. It sometimes feels like my life is fading away and I imagine life in prison with a really musculine in-mate would provide the same level of . To sum up, this is game is ing terrible. 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 2281.7
review: If I had to rate this game on a scale of one to ten, I would give it a "9/10 Ready".
game-hours: 7.8
review: gr8 b8 m8 i r8 it 8/8.888 2 l8 4 u m8
game-hours: 2398.1
review: after a couple of hours i just realized that this game is a complete piece of
game-hours: 2278.8
review: It has taken over my life and my wallet. 10/10 wp valve
game-hours: 1815.6
review: woman in black
game-hours: 432.5
review: This game helped me fail all my subjects 10/10 love it.
game-hours: 1212.5
review: Ruined my life, and my will to play any other games. 10/10.
game-hours: 2049.5
review: This game. Is the best game ever. It has no flaws. The servers are great and I always meet nothing but nice people. I always learn new words in language. Apparently  and Blyat are common forms of greeting in Russian script. There is also  and stuff for Mexican. And I have just gone deep into the culture of other races. I love this game. No really.  the servers
game-hours: 475.4
review: will make you racists to russians ,africans and north americans 10/10
game-hours: 318.1
review: 10/10, Would Bang
game-hours: 6.5
review: Dota 2 is a multiplayer online battle arena game from Valve. Dota 2 is the next installment from the previous game or mods Dota. Dota 2 has the same gameplay as Dota. You pick your heroes, and then battle them in one map against another player. In the arena, as you kill and progress you will get coins and the use them to buy items to enhance your heroes on your current battle in the arena. You need to pick the right items each time you play as it will decide you will win the game or not. Dota 2 introduce item drops each time you finish a match online. There are many items in Dota 2 that can enhance your favourite heroes looks. Each item has rarity, the more rare the items, the more expensive it will become. Most items can be sold in the Steam Marketplace. Dota 2 has far improved graphics from the previous game. Heroes are even more detailed and the arena has better view. All heroes ability effects are also improved, even the UI is better. Dota 2 has many tournaments that you can participate. The biggest is "The International" Dota 2 tournament. Most tournaments can reward players with some rare items just by watching the tournaments. Dota 2 is the best MOBA game yet. I recommend this. Rating 9/10
game-hours: 2281.7
review: If I had to rate this game on a scale of one to ten, I would give it a "9/10 Ready".
game-hours: 2527.8
review: We had two bags of tango, animal courier, five high-powered healing salves, a saltshaker half-full of dust of appearance, a whole galaxy of multi-colored wards... Also, a quart of clarity, a case smoke of deceit, a bottle with a double damage rune, and two town portal scrolls. Not that we needed all that for the Dota, but once you get locked into a serious items collection, the tendency is to push it as far as you can. The only thing that really worried me was the bottle with a double damage rune. There is nothing in the world more helpless and irresponsible and depraved than a man with the double damage, and I knew we'd get into that rotten stuff pretty soon.
game-hours: 2398.1
review: after a couple of hours i just realized that this game is a complete piece of
game-hours: 1273.5
review: Ahhh.... Dota 2. This game is severaly unbalanced since no matter how well you play, your team will always blame you for the loss. It is also insanely luck based because the team that gets most russians usually looses. A lot of functions in this game are completely broken as well. For example, even if you pick "English" in the language bar everyone still speaks Russian. Sometimes German or French, but never English. Playing this game I had a few mental breakdowns and smashed three windows in total. It sometimes feels like my life is fading away and I imagine life in prison with a really musculine in-mate would provide the same level of . To sum up, this is game is ing terrible. 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 5244.5
review: A very confusing game, that strives to continue where Heroes of Legends left off, but resorts a bit too often to slavic jump-scares to create an immersive Slenderman-like experience. Current main issues: Pros: - A friendly and positive community - Possibility to make friends and discuss delicate topics with new people from various ethnic backgrounds, chat comes with emoticons and other essential stuff - Strong focus for learning new languages - Full of fun mini-games if the main game is not compelling, like the Shopkeeper's quiz, buying stuff from the Valve shop, in-game advertisement clicking, guess-games for DOTA 2 network offline times etc Cons: - I picked the Sniper class but had trouble aiming in the first person mode, needs to be fixed asap - Playing the game with Oculus Rift resulted in nausea - Low replayability, after their first game everone I know has practically reached their skill cap - Basic things like in-game quicksave and quickload functionality is missing - Raid bosses like Roshan and Troll Warlord are hard to understand and severely imbalanced - Steam achievements were teased but are still not working, I already ate my 500th tree but didn't get the achievement - The crafting system is confusing and unintuitive - Want to create a drum? Well, you need a robe and a bracer, of course! Want to create a buckler? Yep, you guessed it, you need a chainmail shirt armor and a branch! - Hitboxes are off and often clipping; for example, I bought a bigger sword for the Sven class, but game doesn't register hits that clearly happen against smaller models like the Phantom Assassin - NPCs like the mud golem and the shopkeeper only have few lazy dialogue lines, I was more interested in hearing their immersive part of the story while constructing a hut in a nearby forest out of treebranches - RTS system for building or repairing base components are limited to only a few heroes and could use a revamp - Character wipes happen a bit too often in the servers I've been at Without going into too many spoilers, finishing the campaign left me with more questions than satisfying answers. For example, why was the evil Dragon Knight so eager to hurt the seemingly innocent creeps for monetary gain? Why did the mysterious Drow Ranger attack our valiant hero? Why does Axe look like a tomato? So many questions, yet so few answers. Overall, the game is OK for an early access FPS-RPG hybrid but doesn't entertain the more hardcore gamers for very long. For a small-time indie developer team I guess it's acceptable, but I'd wait for more available DLC expansions before paying anything for the main game.
game-hours: 0.5
review: someone in game showed me the video of the muslim ghost with the floating turban, i haven't been this scared since i was told there was a skeleton inside me. i doubt theres ever been a more aggressive assault on my mental well being. please stay clear of this game.
game-hours: 368.7
review: DotA 2 is a hardcore MoBA game with the high production value of a Valve game, great graphics, animations and music. There are many heroes and items with interesting mechanics and many combinations between the two of them that can make the game enjoyable. Having a big studio behind it and loads of fans from Warcraft 3 times made it very easy for DotA 2 to become an competitive game and e-sport, but for me is not enough to hide one of the biggest flaws this game has which is: RNG. DotA 2 has loads of items and heroes based on procs and other random elements which leaves many fights in this game to chance, a thing that i dislike so much in PvP games. DotA 2 is a good game, but is not the PvP game i'm looking for.
game-hours: 1928.9
review: Best ever!
game-hours: 1102.6
review: This is one of the best teaching tools that is not available in any school. I would like to recommend this to anyone who is not faint-hearted, can take bashes and be bullied while having fun playing this motherflying game.
game-hours: 1534.2
review: The game is great, except for the russians
game-hours: 2006.6
review: So basically what happened was I was talking to my drug dealer / grandma about addictive substances, and i was running low on crack so she told me to try out dota 2 since it was free. Long story short i tried to rob a bank so I could afford the Arcana set for Legion Commander and now my cell mate's name is Chester. He keeps asking me what his name rhymes with but I dont know. He always spanks me and calls me naughty boy. Anyways, play this game if you like screaming and waking up your neighbor with epilepsy.
game-hours: 640.0
review: blame simulator rage simulator angry simulator blood boiling simulator if you have a bad day and want to blame someone , play this game if you have a good day and want to ruin it , play this game
game-hours: 948.5
review: This game is a lot like cookie clicker. You right click enemies to death and yellow numbers appear on the screen. The player with highest number is considered powerful. To win you have to click every enemy building to death. Time spent on the game scales with your skill. Game is free.
game-hours: 2268.9
review: now im racist 11/10
game-hours: 1104.2
review: This game has the most toxic community of any game I've ever played. I don't recommend ever playing this game unless you are in a party of five people who you know and enjoy playing video games with.
game-hours: 650.7
review: SOMETIMES BEING A HUGE ING  HELPS IN LIFE THIS GAME IS THE PURE DEFINITION OF THAT 9/11 WOULD REPORT EVERYONE I MEET AGAIN
game-hours: 5497.5
review: KURAC
game-hours: 2571.1
review: Instant Russian hate software.
game-hours: 1738.4
review: I never used to like strategy games but,have to admit this is the best ing game ever ! EPIC!
game-hours: 1060.0
review: i like it :D
game-hours: 1712.1
review: Stop playing LoL and WoW..... play a game that requires real skill. Just remember, you suck at DOTA2 til you have about 500 games won. Takes about 30-45 minutes per game..... and you're not winning a majority of your games. edit:wrote that review when I had played less than 30 hours of the game. Having played almost 1,000 hours on DOTA2 now, I stick by my previous assessment that DOTA ing sucks. I will  you in it though..... :D
game-hours: 1853.2
review: I find it amusing because I'd actually say that DOTA2 is a bit easier. To deny, just right-click. League, you actually have to plan ahead and play significantly more cleverly to deny, predict your enemy's backing/roam more and be able to clear waves to use the tower instead. The mind games play a much larger role, as well as efficient use of skills, rather than just buying hard-counter items to match a given situation. The trouble is, it /looks/ simpler at first glance, while actually offering far more depth, strategy and complexity. So those who play at a low level never actually see anything more than 'simplified' gameplay, and quickly go back to D2 or HoN. And nothing of value was lost.
game-hours: 2028.0
review: i love dota <3
game-hours: 311.3
review: First, all heroes are totally free so dota 2 is not a pay-to-win game. Second, each round is really dynamic and active so the player can make their chance to win when they're in a bad situation.
game-hours: 912.1
review: i love dota 2 game
game-hours: 641.1
review: Lina makes me horny
game-hours: 15.0
review: 10/10 provides good laughs, is free Step 1: Download Step 2: Join a match Step 3: Piss off some toxic wannabe eSports tryhard kids Step 4: Make one of them abandon Step 5: Leave without punishment Step 6: Uninstall Step 7: Go play a real strategy game like SC or WC
game-hours: 1614.6
review: Terrible lol ripoff 0/10
game-hours: 1485.7
review: Very addictive but very unfriendly for newbies.
game-hours: 1255.2
review: ={Epic Game}=
game-hours: 586.9
review: Awful game, don't buy
game-hours: 1.6
review: Screw every spanish country in the world and stab my balls with a Mexican named Ismeal. Grow a fourth  and  Obama. Eat the last of the spagetti in the room and shove the bowl up the broncos .  on a midget with a bit of vasaline. Best Game Ever! 10/10
game-hours: 1750.9
review: This game is ing trash, don't get into it unless you're doing a study to see just how ing stupid and  people can be.
game-hours: 788.8
review: its dota whats not to like except no fun
game-hours: 380.9
review: Its like chess .. only with 4 teammates i definitely recommend this to all who have a working brain .. cuz this game might not be for everyone
game-hours: 1694.6
review: Best competitive game ever. Thanks Volvo.
game-hours: 1216.7
review: Nice game and community,, hope better in the next year,, :D
game-hours: 2160.4
review: Good game! (GG)
game-hours: 2772.0
review: good game bad players
game-hours: 2609.5
review: Funny game, competitive, every match is different... and best support and innovation I've seen in a long time in a game... And all this for free. Yeah, I could say we are in front of the best MOBA game in the market, but I can say some things that are not that great though about Dota 2 at the end of this review. It's true that this game is bringing the best innovation I've seen in a long time in a videogame. This industry is a bit stuck in making money giving just enough for the clients and players and then adding more to pay via DLCs, some times they even launch a game that is a Beta at 50 bucks price or higher. When I talk about innovation I mean, for example, about the best support for watching games, replays and tournaments. But the bad side of this is that if you want to watch tournament games... ALL of them requires a ticket to be bought, except the only free yearly tournament that is The International, being the only exception. Also, the visual customization of the heroes is insane, you can customize by separated parts (helm, shoulders, arms, body, legs, weapon...) just like in a MMO, and even some animations or skills... and you can trade all of your items in the market or with friends. The great thing about this game compared to others like League of Legends is that paying money does not affect to gameplay, just visuals. In League of Legends paying money gave you the advantage of having more and better runes and more rune pages, for example, giving you a little advantage in a competitive scenario. Also you need to buy some heroes/characters or you can't play all of them when you feel the need to. Even when you can buy those things without money, it's almost impossible to get everything without paying, even if you play a lot. Big limitations to competitive gameplay. In Dota 2 there is no restriction: you play every hero, you play with every skill. Also there is a lot of other great things like user skill and item builds and guides that you can select and use in-game and rate up or down, you can customize your own for each hero and even the announcer if you have one, among other things. Then, what is the bad side of Dota 2? First of it, you ALWAYS need a team in order to play or get some fun. Solo matchmaking is not just bad, it's horrible. No matter how good you are and how long you've been playing this game you will end up with drunk players, idiots, trolls, bored players who are not focused on the game... And this is on both sides of the game, in your team or in the other. Report system doesn't work at all (maybe just a bit for excessive cases), and even if you play with friends in a full team... You won't find balanced games. The common issue here is either you roflstomp the other team or they roflstomp yours even if you played great. Of course, playing with a full party of friends can decrease the chances this happens, but even with that, playing a good balanced, funny and competitive game will be hard. This said, they need to implement some kind of public ranking system in order to maybe avoid that a little. And then, maybe the things could become really better. But overall this is a great game with a very good support from their developers, constantly adding content and not just focusing on getting your money, something rare to find nowadays in the industry.
game-hours: 392.9
review: The game, where all s gather. If you thought annoying COD kids were too much, then you haven't experienced dota2 yet. It's full of obnoxious, rude people, who have absolutely no idea what a co-op / team game is about, and constantly whine about stolen kills, like if this was some FPS. The following list contains the type of people you will meet in dota: 1. 12 year olds, thinking they know everything, and play dota for life, while skipping school 2. People who can't speak english at all, despite playing with the english language filter 3. Reporters, who do nothing but  about everyone else, and report them for everything 4. Multiple account 'pros' who constantly swear about how their team sucks 5. Idiots, who tell you to attack 1v5 / close range against long / ask you to help and then run away 6. Quitters 7. Mr. AFK who gives up at the start of the game and just hangs around spawn 8. New players who get talked down for not completely understanding the game after 2 seconds 9. Extremely rare, but nice and helpful people Worst. Community. Ever.
game-hours: 1003.0
review: personeli i wuld rekomend dis gam3 cuz itz vary easi 2 meat foureners from rusha and spain!!!! xDDD i mak vari gud frends!!! xDDDDDDD 9/10 cuz grafics not as gud as cal of doty but datz okai cuz grafics not everyting!!!!!xD
game-hours: 1721.3
review: VERY NICE GAME
game-hours: 706.7
review: aa    :3
game-hours: 156.2
review: yes i recommend this game
game-hours: 285.2
review: Seeems Legit !!!
game-hours: 3916.2
review: this ing game ruined my life
game-hours: 160.2
review: GET ED BY RUSSIANS
game-hours: 260.0
review: ya
game-hours: 413.6
review: Play and have fun!
game-hours: 1189.0
review: Got first blood. 2 people disconnected. 9/10
game-hours: 1778.7
review: its international :)
game-hours: 294.4
review: really funny and challenging game
game-hours: 664.8
review: VERY NICE
game-hours: 163.4
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 2090.2
review: DOTA 2 is the best !
game-hours: 1353.2
review: tes
game-hours: 281.3
review: awesome 10/10
game-hours: 787.3
review: Don't play it, you won't be able to stop once you do. "Just one more game..."
game-hours: 2054.7
review: Great real-time strategy game. It is guaranteed to be different each time you play. Tons of fun whether you play alone or with friends.
game-hours: 53.1
review: is a good moba game i higly recomend it
game-hours: 1442.1
review: forced winrate kills the game.... i've been playing mostly on solo q it's win streak..lose streak...win streak...lose streak...all to keep the winrate close to 50%....suffice to say it's not your skill that make you win...its the matchmaking system... worst community of a game i've seen..you'll meet racist, haters, trolls, insulters,etc..and the worst of all..it will make you one..the game destroys you..such a bad bad community for a game so well made..
game-hours: 938.7
review: this game is good for life
game-hours: 660.0
review: nice game at all,very recommended :)
game-hours: 804.6
review: ....
game-hours: 1334.8
review: good game
game-hours: 2869.7
review: one of the best games in the world
game-hours: 843.9
review: Just PLay Just Build Items Just Trade !
game-hours: 4246.7
review: DOTA 2 is the sequel of Defense of the Ancients commonly known as DOTA wherein two teams of players compete with a single character of their choice through an RTS-style interface which emphasizes on Intelligence, Cooperation and Teamwork.
game-hours: 1630.2
review: Best game on steam.
game-hours: 1193.8
review: Dota 2 - A Game worth getting/playing Generally let me start of by saying I usually play alot of playstation but Dota 2 got me hooked and im still hooked on it. Ranged from using abilities, working as a team to the just pure enjoyment of having a last kill. Player friendly, can spend hours enjoying it with mates/friends and well if you decide to go alone, take some time to practice and learn the capabilities of each hero. I think this game is fun and yeah what makes it amazing is each character takes some time to play with its not like easy from the start which makes it fair for the noobs/newbies to the game. Positives about the game: Loads of characters Loads of items to choose from Epic duals to awesome kill streaks And well u think there are negatives, but its hard to find one except for the fact that the creators have created a awesome game but my only negative would be the maps. Stuck on the same map makes u wonder when the update will come or if will ever but yeah its only a small lag in the game which u can bypass!!! Negative Different maps Anyhows said enough, if u guys find it helpful pls like it and yeah catch u on dota 2 :)
game-hours: 2792.7
review: One of my most favourite games, highly recommend having a go, guaranteed will be enjoyed by people who have played Warcraft III: ROC. 9/10
game-hours: 1928.7
review: omegoooosshhhh !! can you appreciate a woman ?? :O
game-hours: 154.5
review: Great game :) I love rikimaru
game-hours: 736.6
review: Dota 2 ( think before click ) #IfYouKnowWhatIMean
game-hours: 4594.4
review: This is awesome
game-hours: 1183.3
review: I recommend it at all,only I sugest that you should introduce again High level rooms
game-hours: 500.8
review: good
game-hours: 1289.5
review: Best stratigic game ever!!!
game-hours: 431.5
review: i like this game;)))))
game-hours: 1209.7
review: I LOVE THIS GAME BECAUSE I KNEW THAT EVERY FRIEND ADD ME I WILL BE HAPPY THANK YOU VALVE
game-hours: 3454.3
review: good
game-hours: 2541.6
review: Best competitive game in the world !
game-hours: 1097.3
review: Dota > LoL
game-hours: 1462.2
review: This is actually a good game.
game-hours: 2049.1
review: Awesome game. Each match is different from the last. Highly addictive.
game-hours: 1549.0
review: Nayssssssssssssssssssssssss
game-hours: 539.6
review: i like
game-hours: 4075.9
review: good game
game-hours: 2159.4
review: *
game-hours: 579.6
review: 'tis good stuff :D
game-hours: 609.3
review: Very addictive and dangerous game 10/10.
game-hours: 2115.0
review: its a game that you can play so do it
game-hours: 2957.9
review: Teaches you Russian,you'll now be able to use the word '' when communicating with your Russian friends!10 out of 10 stars.
game-hours: 603.4
review: Recommended. I'm not playing anymore, but still. + Nice graphics + Lots of new stuff coming to game + Big hero pool + Lots of gamemodes - Annoying people - here, in EU, it is kind of big problem. I was playing on EU servers (west and east) /w English prefference. But people usually don't care; I need to say, that raging EU guys are annoying. When you make mistake, you are hated from them, reported or something. And that's big problem. Mostly for new players, who just want to try for example new hero. - Pinging - this is pretty much connected with "Annoying people" point. You know, you can always ping or draw on map. I once met guy who stole my items and pinged me all the time. It is annoying and you can't focus. (btw. I reported him. When you have to, report. Don't be scared) - AD spells - some are not working. Idk why, but they aren't.. It is really stupid -but this is just small thing. Guys, guys! Play this game, really. It is fun. You just need to learn it. ~ Thx for reading.
game-hours: 583.0
review: game iz gud.
game-hours: 193.0
review: yall think that this game is some , lemme tell u something it is. when i first played dota 2 i thought this game was some stupid  shit. i would play and get some  scores, feed and had a  time playing but then i played a game as riki and came out like 2 - 2, some mediocre score like that and i was hooked. swag
game-hours: 1.6
review: dotes mcgotes
game-hours: 1182.2
review: Great game, gets addictive and a better version to LOL.
game-hours: 1766.6
review: May cause loss of social life, severe anxiety and hate towards mankind in general and yourself specifically. 10/10 will be playing a lot
game-hours: 2024.4
review: Good Game :)
game-hours: 871.9
review: Awesome....
game-hours: 554.6
review: Lots od dedication. but fun as f......ood :D
game-hours: 1789.3
review: Most Competitive and Best MOBA till now.
game-hours: 2096.3
review: This game is awesome
game-hours: 1154.3
review: Great To Hell
game-hours: 85.4
review: Be one of the champions in Dota 2, win or not, the world will never forget you, even you die. That's what I will call this game.
game-hours: 2417.3
review: it's amazing strategy game for people who knows how to play using brains
game-hours: 830.4
review: yes
game-hours: 1191.9
review: nice
game-hours: 1228.1
review: I love this game because a lot of options hero and items to use while also being able to play with a lot of people! There is always insignificant updates!
game-hours: 625.8
review: I like this game 1
game-hours: 2348.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 854.6
review: good!
game-hours: 2490.4
review: 7/7 would become worse at everything but dota again
game-hours: 1186.1
review: Great way to improve your russian, especially swears.
game-hours: 1837.3
review: Dota 2 consists the most unblanaced heros for any game on the market as of right now! There so many over powered abilities on too many heros. In fact, the heros are considered over powered are played every single, of every single match. Dota 2 is the worst game, I have ever played due to the lack community(which is toxic), hero abilities which are over powered, and all around broken game. If you like your sanity, do not play this game. If you do not want to become racist, do not play this, if you don't rich pumping  tons of money into professional gaming just so the game can make a buck or two, do not play game. If you do not like Russia, do not play this game. If you do not like any hispanic, do no play this game. Basically, what saying to you, if you want to play a moba, go play league of legends.
game-hours: 2580.6
review: Join Now Dota 2.. Have Fun game Player :)
game-hours: 261.7
review: dota 2 helped me get rid of all the people i thought were my friends. 10/10 great game valve.
game-hours: 3570.7
review: best game on steam ever s2 =D
game-hours: 1877.5
review: If you want to get rich playing games then this is the game to play. This is an amazing multiplayer online battle arena. The real-time strategy is the best part. If you ever want to win a game you must out think you opponent. Communication with you team is key, although you might end up hating them shortly after they start dying. The only down fall is abrasive players, if you tend to die lot and feed the other team some of your teammates will release their rage upon you. Other than the sore losers that you will meet from time to time this game has an amazing community. The Dota 2 community is a bit crazy but in a good way for Valve at least because they spend over 20 million dollars in just over 2 weeks. Currently about 8 million of those dollars are going towards the prize pool of The International, the ultimate tornament for the best Dota 2 players in the world. The team that gets 1st place will get around 4 million dollars and 2nd through 8th place will split the rest. Keep in mind that this game is free to play it is not pay to win; you never have to pay anything to enjoy Dota 2 at its full potential. Everything that is sole in game is cosmetic and does not affect you performance in-game. Again I say if you want to get rich playing games then this is the game to play.
game-hours: 85.0
review: Watched friend buy 6 health pots and 6 mana pots. Said he kept taking damage so he did it for the health. Friend gets mad because he doesn't understand mobas. Get face rolled. 10/10 would play
game-hours: 626.9
review: The best ever game
game-hours: 3451.5
review: This is the best video game I've ever played hands down. I have so much to say where do I start. Ok so dont be turned away by the huge learning curve, when you start you will be TERRIBLE but thats ok and likely you may never be great but you will make amazing friends and have so much fun. Actually I wish i could go back to being a blissfully ignorant noob because learning hero's abilities, what certain items do, lane compesitions, ect I can go on forever about how much there is to learn even after 2.5k hours (probably 1.5k - 2k hours actually playing) I'm still learning! The game hits an odd paradox it can be the most satisfying and exciting game I've ever played but also the most enraging and frustrating, its a ing emotional roller coaster sometimes. There will be highs there will be lows from amazing comebacks, to terrible throws, great teamwork, and Brazilian  feeders. I've even tried giving up after long agonizing losing streaks but nothing, no other game can quite fill hole not playing this game for a few hours a day leaves. Its perfect for me, I love being social, competitive, passionate, and excited all maybe too much at times but thats just the kind of person I am. Some of my best friends I've made playing dota with and even though I've never meet most of them I love them all and noting can quite compare to queueing for a ranked captains mode game with a 5 stack. Valve is an amazing company and I'm glad they took the game and ran with it. Were constantly getting new seasonal events, heros, game modes, and more cosmetic items I can throw my money at. Oh and one of the best parts, all the heros are free and unlocked from the start! No progression system where you can buy characters with in game currency or level up some  passives in a skill tree or something (like a certain game). You don't need to spend a dime but I strongly suggest you should considering your funding not only the people who make the game but the cosmetics are created by the community who they pay! Also all the items are tradeable, Ive spent countless hours browsing trading sites looking to swap my items that I got for free as random drops for my favorite heros new hat or whatever. Ive spent way too much time watching pro games as well which Valve fully embraces, they even host one of the biggest e-sport tournaments ever every year called The International. I put a good bit of time into writing this review so thanks for reading it all if this even gets one person to give it a try then its not time wasted. I hope you enjoy the game half as much as I do.
game-hours: 1030.2
review: 1 of the best game everr
game-hours: 902.9
review: I got called a noob 10/10 would get called a noob again
game-hours: 1050.4
review: i like DOTA2
game-hours: 1964.0
review: Just like Snowy said \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\ Horrible game. Hundreds of hours spent on playing on the same map, even with lots of heroes. After first 20-30 hours, u'll start to be too agressive. After first 100 hours, u'll split up with ur girl friend and u will play dota even more times per week. After 500 hours, u'll  every mom u will meet. After 1000 hours... You're nobody. You got no friends, no girldfriend, no knowledge... Everything u have is DOTA. Do not play this game.
game-hours: 3912.4
review: Super game ever
game-hours: 3672.4
review: This is pretty much my favourite game of all time. The learning curve for the game is pretty brutal and it is quite difficult to become good at it, but once you do become a competent player, the game is infinitely rewarding. The game is always changing with regular balance patches and holiday events and the cosmetic item system is pretty awesome. You can customize the appearance of all the heroes and it does not affect the balance of the game and I find collecting cosmetic items to be quite fun. If you are into trading you can make a ton of money (steam wallet funds) playing this game. Pretty much all my steam games come from profits from cosmetic DotA 2 item trading. I have been playing DotA for 10+ years (including WC3 DotA) and never get bored of this game. I have played other DotA style games before and HoN and LoL can't hold a candle to this game. Seriously, those other games do not even come close to being as good as DotA 2 in terms of game and community. There is also a large esports scene around DotA 2 if you are into that.
game-hours: 481.3
review: Can eat trees. Destroy trees with an item that chops down trees. Can be a walrus. Can be a Puck (no idea wtf Puck even is) This is a hard game. You will die. This isint League of Legends. This is dota. This aint no game. 10/10 One of the best mobas I've ever played. Pros ~ Great game play. Really good game to play with friends. Simple to learn but hard to master mechanics. Can be a Walrus. Very enjoyable once you've learnt the basics. Cons ~ This game is not newb friendly what so ever. Smurfs. Leavers. 10 year olds. Pudges ;-; Steep learning curve. You WILL sometimes be the only person on your team that speaks english (Even if you are queing for servers where you live. Worth trying if you want a challenging moba with a not so friendly community! :D
game-hours: 1194.9
review: addicted to play
game-hours: 1508.6
review: >Well Played!
game-hours: 3410.8
review: dota ki sangar le
game-hours: 509.2
review: Steep learning curb but hours of fun with friends!!!
game-hours: 1090.8
review: perfect game
game-hours: 1913.5
review: ...
game-hours: 3066.5
review: The most addictive game I have ever played..... Please stay away from this if you want to have a life.... >.<
game-hours: 2738.1
review: Play this if you like being sad
game-hours: 9.0
review: Please return Lion to his former glory(as seen in my avatar) Sincerely, Everyone
game-hours: 277.3
review: Great game for ruining the last bit of social life you try to save from the cruel internet. Also the best foreign language teaching program on the world available. Highly addictive to the point of self-destruction and getting severe mental disorders. 10/10 would recommend
game-hours: 4200.7
review: YOU CanT See Me , Coz I'm BehinD YOu .. BooM Panes .. :D
game-hours: 1735.2
review: i noob
game-hours: 28.9
review: yeahhh
game-hours: 305.7
review: With a learning curve higher than J0int on any given day, this game is challenging but rewarding. Be aware if you're new to the whole MOBA genre with magic/mana and all the number crunch g33ks, it's madness but becomes managable the more you play!
game-hours: 1358.5
review: YES
game-hours: 840.4
review: !  - ...  , ,
game-hours: 561.1
review: Better than league
game-hours: 1746.5
review: cool
game-hours: 1783.0
review: Most played game. Never-ending learning. Versatile. Great artwork and animation. Aggressive, naive, cocky, idiotic players fill the community but most of your mates are probably playing and you just add the good people you meet along the way. Pick your supports first!
game-hours: 2213.9
review: its alright
game-hours: 877.6
review: This is game is fun, battling with your friends against other players worldwide.. its a must play game in the gaming history!
game-hours: 264.2
review: League of legends 2 is a great first-person shooter, great story driven combat and a Outstanding player base, after the first few matches you get the hang of yelling at your team mates and hemroids, please, try this game, you won't be pleased. 2/9
game-hours: 3622.2
review: Good Real Time Strategy game !!
game-hours: 1947.7
review: Great and strategy game for loners.
game-hours: 1251.8
review: Low priority sucks and 6 games is to long but maybe it worth it for the game itself
game-hours: 598.1
review: this is the best game i play in my life
game-hours: 684.7
review: Nice game. indeed
game-hours: 4663.8
review: PLAY DOTA 2 WITH ME
game-hours: 1402.5
review: I just want the community pillar
game-hours: 3052.0
review: glhf
game-hours: 2234.2
review: Best free-to-play game ever played
game-hours: 134.7
review: WHO NEEDS ROSETTA STONE WHEN YOU HAVE DOTA? THIS BRAND NEW FREE LANGUAGE LEARNING SOFTWARE WILL TEACH YOU EVERY LANGUAGE ESPECIALLY RUSSIAN.
game-hours: 2257.0
review: nice game .. awesome
game-hours: 3238.0
review: best game ever XP 10 points grifindor
game-hours: 209.4
review: At first I was like "Dude this game is too difficult for me!". I died so often that I mainly waited for the death timer to count down. My teammates insulted me all the time. I couldn't even understand their insults. They told me that my mother would be so fat Lifestealer doesn't need to build damage. But then I  how to  and .     .    ,   . ,  ,  . 9/10   .
game-hours: 5.0
review: hueta
game-hours: 1084.9
review: I like dota because it allows me to use my strategic plan and it also boost my confidence and to improve my team building training
game-hours: 2635.5
review: "Dota 2 is the best ever game that I have ever play on my life!" - Wilson Leonardo :D
game-hours: 609.1
review: This game is great! I have spent over three-hundred hours perfecting my skills. One thing though, there are a lot of russians.... Those . WARNING: CAUSES RACISM 4/10 great game
game-hours: 1548.2
review: GGPGG
game-hours: 2738.8
review: a
game-hours: 18.0
review: Welcome to Valve's new cash cow. Yup. This is why we're not seeing Episode 3 anytime soon.
game-hours: 107.2
review: Good game
game-hours: 698.5
review: i like this game
game-hours: 2906.1
review: Addictive And Many Custom Hero Costume !
game-hours: 743.7
review: i love this game
game-hours: 1040.5
review: This game is so cool. I think it's better than DotA 1. I will invite my friends to play this game with me!
game-hours: 1643.0
review: World's Biggest and Best Game Of all ..!!!! :)) ))))
game-hours: 2705.3
review: The most wonderful game to ever grope it's exotic pixels against the smooth underside of my mouse's laser.
game-hours: 78.4
review: "Actually DotA HD" I came into this game a little uneasy, my past with DotA1 not being the brightest in the world; but seeing something named "DotA2" I excepted new features, characters, etc etc. I COULDN'T HAVE BEEN MORE WRONG! Valve honestly didn't add a single thing (except one thing we'll get to later) the shop interface is still more unfriendly than a rabid bear in heat, mages are still completely useless in late game are are the least used class of character, the balance is still horribly out of whack leaving a single fed agility hero to be able to take an entire team by himself *cough* Antimage *cough* and it just feels lazy. Even the characters were lifted straight from the WarCraft III modles. Now back to what valve actually DID add... Hats. Not even joking. This is a shameless cash grab by Valve, do not spend money on this game. If you want the REAL "DotA2" play "League of Legends" it was an upgrade from the orignal BY the original creators, there's a reason LoL is #1.
game-hours: 1051.8
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1361.6
review: awesome game!!
game-hours: 632.7
review: Best game yet :3
game-hours: 3864.6
review: umm, fine, but dota 1 was better ;D
game-hours: 236.8
review: players are hostile jerks if you don't do something right or know exactly what to do, So new players beware old players are jerk and will behave like childern and throw and trantrum rather than help you.
game-hours: 2077.9
review: cyka !
game-hours: 2925.8
review: The best way to learn languages. Try this game after two weeks you will be able to talk Russian
game-hours: 2309.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 1381.8
review: Awesome gameplay and awesome graphic to....addicted to this
game-hours: 28.5
review: Amazing game.
game-hours: 2375.3
review: a best game ever
game-hours: 1116.3
review: Cool game
game-hours: 607.4
review: i like this game so much,. you wiill enjoy playing this game full tactical gaming
game-hours: 1129.6
review: cool
game-hours: 1293.7
review: this game is interesting because while it is very enjoyable and there is lots of variety; the people you will play with rarely know how to work as a team and when they do its becasue the enemy is really bad at the game. Also the community is very unwelcoming to noobs so if you just joined and are learning how to play nobody likes you. all in all it is one of my favorites but i will warn you it isnt the easist to just pick up and play. Also there is a low prioority pool so if you cant get out of that you will always be with noobs even if you are a good player.
game-hours: 110.9
review: This game shows why Russia should be nuked.
game-hours: 1050.2
review: dota
game-hours: 701.7
review: This is a game that you should play if you want to be a cool kids that hates themselves.
game-hours: 1301.3
review: like
game-hours: 916.2
review: Dota is life!!!!!!! xD
game-hours: 1186.1
review: Great way to improve your russian, especially swears.
game-hours: 1837.3
review: Dota 2 consists the most unblanaced heros for any game on the market as of right now! There so many over powered abilities on too many heros. In fact, the heros are considered over powered are played every single, of every single match. Dota 2 is the worst game, I have ever played due to the lack community(which is toxic), hero abilities which are over powered, and all around broken game. If you like your sanity, do not play this game. If you do not want to become racist, do not play this, if you don't rich pumping  tons of money into professional gaming just so the game can make a buck or two, do not play game. If you do not like Russia, do not play this game. If you do not like any hispanic, do no play this game. Basically, what saying to you, if you want to play a moba, go play league of legends.
game-hours: 2580.6
review: Join Now Dota 2.. Have Fun game Player :)
game-hours: 261.7
review: dota 2 helped me get rid of all the people i thought were my friends. 10/10 great game valve.
game-hours: 3570.7
review: best game on steam ever s2 =D
game-hours: 1877.5
review: If you want to get rich playing games then this is the game to play. This is an amazing multiplayer online battle arena. The real-time strategy is the best part. If you ever want to win a game you must out think you opponent. Communication with you team is key, although you might end up hating them shortly after they start dying. The only down fall is abrasive players, if you tend to die lot and feed the other team some of your teammates will release their rage upon you. Other than the sore losers that you will meet from time to time this game has an amazing community. The Dota 2 community is a bit crazy but in a good way for Valve at least because they spend over 20 million dollars in just over 2 weeks. Currently about 8 million of those dollars are going towards the prize pool of The International, the ultimate tornament for the best Dota 2 players in the world. The team that gets 1st place will get around 4 million dollars and 2nd through 8th place will split the rest. Keep in mind that this game is free to play it is not pay to win; you never have to pay anything to enjoy Dota 2 at its full potential. Everything that is sole in game is cosmetic and does not affect you performance in-game. Again I say if you want to get rich playing games then this is the game to play.
game-hours: 1922.5
review: I will surely recommend this game not only to boys but to girls like me as well...:)
game-hours: 2627.9
review: Nice game , sure this game like a real life . you can hide in tree and much more.
game-hours: 5453.1
review: I spend at least 50 hours and $400 per month on this game... It ruined my life. 10/10.
game-hours: 233.1
review: Best game ever. Nuff said.
game-hours: 53.0
review: asdasdasdasdd
game-hours: 914.3
review: can't set masteries, turrets targetting bugged, awful blitzkrank model
game-hours: 1644.7
review: , i'm lost THREE years, one year dota 2 and two year warcraft dota
game-hours: 22.4
review: Better than LoL!
game-hours: 3310.3
review: aaa dota its like air
game-hours: 869.5
review: Dota is love. Dota is life. Doto<3
game-hours: 3384.2
review: Rak na ituu!!!
game-hours: 2096.7
review: It teaches you russian ! Get it !
game-hours: 334.1
review: Nice Game,But hard to play
game-hours: 2791.3
review: great
game-hours: 1071.7
review: I made a deal with the devil for this game. At the expense of my self esteem, my family my friends. Worth every soul. 10/10
game-hours: 1666.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 1992.3
review: Great game, easier to understand than the 1st DotA mod on Warcraft III. Amazing animations, nice voice actors, and a lot of item choices for the heroes.
game-hours: 398.4
review: nice
game-hours: 288.3
review: It punishes me so good. 10/10
game-hours: 2227.5
review: wowowee
game-hours: 131.9
review: FUN! :D
game-hours: 1395.2
review: Ingame items slowly droping ???
game-hours: 1.7
review: nice
game-hours: 1675.4
review: I like its security, hope to ban some of the scammers.
game-hours: 144.2
review: Very Nice
game-hours: 760.8
review: Dis be my life
game-hours: 568.9
review: I'll admit it, I haven't played any of its competitors (LoL, HoN) enough to justify saying that it's the best of them all, but from what I've gathered: it is. At least graphically it's undeniably superior. Sure it's hard at first, but there's nothing more satisfying than seeing yourself climb up that learning curve! I recommend this game because I've had a buttload of fun with it!
game-hours: 491.7
review: Great game!
game-hours: 713.7
review: perfect
game-hours: 1406.4
review: Once you get past the not knowing anything stage, this game is really enjoyable! Just endure the first few games you play and be prepared to learn quickly!
game-hours: 7136.1
review: This game is a good game. If you like games, or games that are good, then you should get this good game, made for good gamers, such as yourself.
game-hours: 779.6
review: wew
game-hours: 502.6
review: VERY GOOD GAME .
game-hours: 765.8
review: :D
game-hours: 1067.0
review: Really ing Good
game-hours: 2113.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 948.5
review: A game that makes you both angry and happy. A game that makes you realize that most people are jerks.
game-hours: 1565.6
review: Most popular strategic game in the world
game-hours: 819.4
review: Best game EVAHH
game-hours: 1723.9
review: Probably the best game ever created. I recommend this game to everyone.
game-hours: 749.8
review: Realy intersting and cool game to play with friens and sometimes alone too!!!
game-hours: 1405.2
review: Newbee vs VG
game-hours: 1972.9
review: Best MOBA game in this Era.
game-hours: 3628.0
review: awesome game :3
game-hours: 1899.1
review: Good Game Good Gamers
game-hours: 1219.9
review: good game
game-hours: 2573.9
review: awesome game
game-hours: 771.4
review: very good please buy it is must be good very much
game-hours: 2377.8
review: The best game that helps you to wheter decide if you have to kill yourself or not, it all depends If the other guy on your team that you don't even know in real life tell you that you should end your life if he says so. Just remember, NEVER play it without a 5 player party.
game-hours: 2145.9
review: Dota 2 is one of the best Free 2 Play First Person Shooters of the Animated Cartoon Genre I have ever seen. I have played this game for over 1000 hours and have learned many new languages such as Russian and Peruvian, I have learned that no matter how long you play the game there will always be someone there to tell you you are a "noob", and I have only thought about murdering my friends over this game twice. If there was a sequel to Dota 2 called "Dota 2- The Remake of the Remake of the Original Dota," I would play thousands of hours of it aswell. 10/10 Ruined My Life
game-hours: 2256.8
review: LoL is #1 moba
game-hours: 1500.9
review: Ruined my life. Five stars to this game.
game-hours: 1206.7
review: Good game
game-hours: 1874.7
review: ruin my life 10/10
game-hours: 990.1
review: download this game only if you want to spend hours playing and for go your life.
game-hours: 1566.7
review: Probably the most epic strategy game of our era.. DOTA 1 is already best!! but DOTA 2! is absolutely the GREATEST!
game-hours: 275.9
review: It's cool
game-hours: 3507.5
review: +rec
game-hours: 9.0
review: spent $500 on keys 11/10 will recommend to family and friends
game-hours: 1898.9
review: Best MobA (or call it ARTS - Action Real Time Strategy by Valve, Hero Brawler by Blizzard, AoS - Aeon of Strafe by WC3, ASSS - Aeon of Strife Styled Fortress Assault Game Going On Two Sides by community) on Steam ever!
game-hours: 474.8
review: No comment for this game, because it's awesome !!!!
game-hours: 570.6
review: i love dota 2
game-hours: 3032.1
review: Very nice game ^^
game-hours: 465.0
review: It's a FUNtastic game to play Try it for yourself!
game-hours: 569.3
review: Nice game For U
game-hours: 2072.1
review: if you want to learn varioius language like brasil, russia, and philipines in less than 6 hours and free, you come to the right place, recommended.
game-hours: 1737.9
review: A realy amazing game !
game-hours: 60.9
review: Better than League of Legends!
game-hours: 1701.5
review: Wooden pc
game-hours: 3517.9
review: Best  ever
game-hours: 3694.9
review: try
game-hours: 1880.9
review: this is a good game
game-hours: 743.4
review: Fantastic
game-hours: 1414.3
review: Epic Game!!!
game-hours: 764.9
review: Very nice game ! So addicting :D
game-hours: 1644.7
review: /10 would bang.
game-hours: 3103.7
review: Giving gamers delight and fury for over a decade. 10/10 would lose my social life again.
game-hours: 1314.3
review: like this game :* mumumu
game-hours: 3684.5
review: better than league
game-hours: 4.0
review: my  is on fire
game-hours: 1271.5
review: Pick & Battle...
game-hours: 160.4
review: Easily the most fascinating strategy games in years and easily the most exciting to watch (regular matches to tournament / championships) Bringing the most spectacular and vividly detailed strategies to players and viewers alike. One of the most addicting games ever made; and one you can never master as something can always be countered. While some people may be turned off by the first few games due to he learning curve; rest assured if you dip atleast 10 hours into learning how to really play the game and the character you chose to start playing with, you will soon be engulfed in an AAA package unlike any other game, which is why I give it a 10/10 - Many RTS games, RPG Games, MOBA's, Hybrids, all bring new innovative things to plate; or end up getting big by copying a formula near exact (such as LoL... -sigh- ) - DOTA 2 is the best "Action Real Time Role Playing Game" or "MOBA" (Name doesn't matter) but it's the best in its field and one of the best online centered titles you'll ever play.
game-hours: 1129.4
review: A very good game to play with friends :)
game-hours: 7.5
review: Current meta sucks, next meta will probably suck just as well. This game is better off you recognizing every aspect of the game and getting used to the learning curve, play 600-2000 hours, get mad at it, and fanboy over professional teams. Fanboying and following professional teams and tournaments is the best way to go. Also the lore isn't half bad. TL;DR this game is better than League of ies
game-hours: 4266.6
review: ggwp
game-hours: 1659.8
review: GG, this game helped me bust all kinds of nuts, ALL KINDS!
game-hours: 2862.0
review: Ist > Lol
game-hours: 500.1
review: this game sucks,you cant even jump
game-hours: 339.1
review: Really outstanding game. Definitely give it a try sometime. Outstanding how they managed to make such a big and difficult game `easy`, try to dont get confused and fight through it. Worth the time, practice by playing with friends, watching games on YouTube(I really like PurgeGamers) or just watch a random pub. All of that is really instructive and helps you become a better player. PS: Playing the tutorial really helps.
game-hours: 334.6
review: Dota2 is awesome. Hope that other hero will available ASAP! :)
game-hours: 1777.8
review: <3
game-hours: 673.5
review: Best Game forever
game-hours: 2647.4
review: Great game It is much more challenging than any other moba I have played, and every character is unique. The voice acting is great, the gameplay is great, and even the world and sound effects are great. It's free to!
game-hours: 3114.7
review: good game but hard to learn/master
game-hours: 889.4
review: Dota 2 is a game played by ten players divided by two sides, the Dire and Radiant with 5 players each. There are over 100 heroes to choose from. There are three types of heroes: Strength, Agility and Intelligence. Strength heroes are more on physical abilities and tough to deal with. Agility heroes are more on damaging and ints are more on supports.
game-hours: 2527.1
review: Epic game. nuff said
game-hours: 1845.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 494.7
review: Play a great game DOTA
game-hours: 568.9
review: It's ok. 3 out of 4 decapitated sphynx cats
game-hours: 11504.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 1121.9
review: This game made me explain to my mom why I cant pause this game. 10/10
game-hours: 804.3
review: 10/10 would waste 350hours again
game-hours: 1877.6
review: The best game i've ever played
game-hours: 1176.6
review: LoL is better.
game-hours: 4366.7
review: Gives you anger/trust issues
game-hours: 1542.8
review: the best receiver wc3 dota map
game-hours: 778.5
review: The 5th person to join our 4-stack via matchmaking was a foul-mouthed, russian feeder. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 1204.3
review: test test
game-hours: 959.5
review: best game ever and always will be #Dota2 #TI4 #PrizePool
game-hours: 884.7
review: /10 It's such a great game, with a large number of Russian servers, so many in fact, that they can't be contained by other country borders. Brings on social anxiety and depression, great game, would recommend to friends.
game-hours: 1041.4
review: Why go to a comedy when you can play on Russian servers?
game-hours: 1922.9
review: I will surely recommend this game not only to boys but to girls like me as well...:)
game-hours: 2627.9
review: Nice game , sure this game like a real life . you can hide in tree and much more.
game-hours: 5453.1
review: I spend at least 50 hours and $400 per month on this game... It ruined my life. 10/10.
game-hours: 233.1
review: Best game ever. Nuff said.
game-hours: 53.0
review: asdasdasdasdd
game-hours: 914.3
review: can't set masteries, turrets targetting bugged, awful blitzkrank model
game-hours: 1644.7
review: , i'm lost THREE years, one year dota 2 and two year warcraft dota
game-hours: 1107.7
review: simply awesome
game-hours: 68.3
review: Pamaro's seal of approval.
game-hours: 1766.5
review: Best way to meet people online. Abuse, reports and russians on the way. 9.7/10
game-hours: 1911.5
review: Dota 2 is fun & teamwork game =D
game-hours: 2491.2
review: <3
game-hours: 734.0
review: im love Dota 2
game-hours: 914.0
review: so amazing
game-hours: 2475.2
review: yes
game-hours: 1952.8
review: Best Game Everrr !!
game-hours: 217.7
review: yoyo
game-hours: 1407.4
review: fun
game-hours: 2426.0
review: very interesting game, and make us forget about everything.
game-hours: 904.1
review: Very fun strategic game where cooperating with your team is key to winning many matches. Its veru fun to play with your friends. Some may find it hard to use certain heroes but its all about practice. Remember, practice makes perfect!
game-hours: 2104.3
review: BEST GAME EVER ! :)
game-hours: 2041.4
review: niece game
game-hours: 1677.7
review: Dota 2...where to begin? Dota 2 is a game of ups and down, heart break and happiness, and most of all, utter ing sadness. This game will literally kick you when you're down,  on you, and then continue to make you give your own father fellatio. Dota is not a game for the faint at heart and one should only attempt to play it if ready to lose; but losing the match isn't all you'll lose! When playing with friends you will find yourself constantly hating each other as you or your friend(s)  up. You will latch onto that hate and it will consume you. If you can survive the hate and keep coming back though, you will soon emerge into a world of new found misery and sometimes joy, as you begin to learn the basics. You will start to win, while you remain to lose at the same time. Dota 2 is a game where the player never truly wins. The player is never truly good, they're only slightly better each and every time; and every time will be different, no matter how many hours you pour into the masochistic game, that is -- Dota 2.
game-hours: 1637.5
review: It's a nice game, It's free to play and it gives you the ability to spend all your free hours for the next 6 months at least. If you ever played this type of game that is. It has good graphics and nice mechanics. A few drawbacks are : 1. It's sort of hard to learn. 2. Some heroes are a bit unbalanced And for you people in Western Europe 3. EU west server is like Russia 2 >_< I do like the game overall though and I can keep on playing it for a while
game-hours: 1297.1
review: Game gave me aids and herpes from playing with girls on dota 2, -10/10 do not reccomend. Bring protection.
game-hours: 464.4
review: ggwp
game-hours: 1486.0
review: 10/10 best application for learning russian spanish portuguese and greek all at the same time
game-hours: 864.8
review: top
game-hours: 672.6
review: ++
game-hours: 3724.9
review: the best
game-hours: 3387.9
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 11.0
review: '"Is DotA2 a fun game?" is usually the first question people ask about this game. Great games in recent times seem to often have set themselves apart from other games by being an 'experience game' as an example Proteus is 100% experience and very little game. Braid was great because it was an innovative platformer but some of the greatest lasting attraction I felt to the game was because of the endearing story and symbolism that was symbiotic to the music and art of the game. DotA 2 is not a game that tries to make it as easy as possible to 'experience' the game and then be done with it, unlike the set of games that have defined themselves a new genre in run of the mill First Person Shooters which make it as easy as possible for new players to complete sections of it and reach great heights in an attempt to lower the dominance new players have through tricks like fast healing, killstreaks and fast respawns. It doesn't fit with Half Life 2 like games in being a great singleplayer experience which you run through like a roller-coaster ride either: each game starts out the same but can diverge in an incalculable number of ways due to the enormous number of variables innate in the vast number of heroes and builds. DotA 2 is a game; a game with rules and learning and practising; a game where you can't see the top of the skill ladder from the middle, a game that is challenging and intriguing at every turn. What is it that makes a game fun? I don't think anyone knows the true formula, but we know that fun activates the reward centres of the brain. DotA 2 will give you the rulebook and some practise scenarios, but you cannot expect to have it play itself. You must teach yourself the game and through your endeavours you will get noticeably better each time and you can and will feel proud of it. DotA 2 challenges both the intellect and the reflexes with battles between an enormous range of heroes each with interesting, astoundingly well thought out and developed move-sets and characters. Because of the sheer challenge and complexity of what DotA 2 provides, it is a very fulfilling game with much room for growth; it is a game that will be enjoyable, I expect for a very long time. Because of this, DotA 2 is not a game that is inherently fun in as much as you can't pick up a pack of cards for the first time and expect to play poker. But we have touched only on the mechanics of the game: DotA 2 takes place on a very beautiful map, complete with birds and squirrels, fish and butterflies, spiders and cobwebs, day and night; and forests and ravines. In honesty, all it would require for me to feel its atmosphere was perfectly polished would be weather effects it would be wonderful to see rain splashing in the river, or even little streams! The game has over 100 heroes, each memorable, with well-developed movesets, storylines and copious amount of character-to-character dialogue which allow the game's endearing heroes to cater to a huge variety of playstyles. Overall, DotA 2 is a game that is not made to take Game of the Year one year, then fade into obscurity as people complete it, it's a game that sits in that category of games that you go to to have fun with some friends, it's a game that wants you to keep coming back to it and you know in years time you can still pick up the cards and have fun again. If you want to pick up DotA 2, which, I should again emphasise requires some self-investment I suggest you ask a friend to introduce you one-on-one to the game's concepts with passive bots, then practise with bots, trying characters until you find one you like and are good at. Progressing to be able to beat the hard bots with little difficulty is very good preparation for multiplayer. Then, all get on mic and play an online game, you'll win or at least have fun if you co-operate.' - Zemnmez 2k13
game-hours: 2039.1
review: This game allows you to exert your knowledge and understanding of layered mechanics (and exceptions of those game mechanisms) onto randomly-selected regional people without their permission or interest. Heated debates can lead to forged alliances to achieve that common goal or end into displaced frustration projected onto others to substitute one's own failures and inabilities to execute one's characters' (heroes') qualities. On the other hand, this game allows one to create 'hero build' guides as a pretense to be productive with his/her vexation as well as to fruitlessly raise the standard of expected knowledge of the game through item and ability walkthroughs in hopes that those one encounters in the future, rely on these indirect, serviced suggestion(s).
game-hours: 1200.1
review: Highest quality MOBA there is. This is the most fair and most balanced MOBA. Welcome to Dota 2, you suck.
game-hours: 892.5
review: !!
game-hours: 1809.3
review: awesome game
game-hours: 1387.6
review: This game is
game-hours: 1555.0
review: I like trying my best but  i dunno, sometimes my boobs get in the way of a kill and im more concerned about the kitchen than this incoming gank.... i wouldnt play with me!
game-hours: 557.6
review: Quite tough for new players, but you once you start digging deep you'll find an infinite amount of depth in this gem. Originally a Warcraft 3 mod, this faithful remake brings the original into an all new graphics style which is very pleasant to look at. The game itself is a bottomless pit of mastering every hero, every item, and digging deep into the mechanics for the win. This game rewards time investment with a world that in some ways rivals ten games in complexity and depth. Plus, it's completely free, save for cosmetic items that don't affect gameplay at all. This means that all the characters will be unlocked right from the get-go. And of course, new heroes are still being added from the mod. I really look forward to the ongoing future for this game - winning a match beats everything else in its euphoria effect, and riding the high is half the game of Dota 2. Play it - even if you're scared of the community.
game-hours: 1703.4
review: Very Nice game
game-hours: 844.4
review: Good Game
game-hours: 1521.7
review: Hii :)
game-hours: 3086.5
review: One of the best games I've ever played.
game-hours: 1947.0
review: Really Really Fun and Adictive
game-hours: 500.9
review: 10/10 Would Recommend
game-hours: 737.6
review: LOLOLOL WHAT THE  IS THIS NERD  HAHAHAHA PFFFFLOOOOL DOTA? MORE LIKE GAY VIRGIN NERD  2 PFFLOL this  is based off some warcraft nerd , lolushchanerd. anyway, this  is maaaad gay, there's no guns or any cool stuff, just nerdy monsters and gay dudes like witcher. however thers this guy named sniper, it wouldve been cool BUT HES NERDY AND OLD GRMPA MY GOD HES GAY, i hate how this game is so hard too, only gay nerds play this gay , wow i hate this, and this  isnt on xbox SO LAME MY GOD. if your looking for good competitive multiplayer play cod and halo,  this gay fat nerd
game-hours: 1229.8
review: If you're jumping in this game alone, you're gonna have a bad time. DoTA2 is a team based game, if you're not playing it with a team mindset, you're wrong, and you're impression of the game will be wrong. The character select screen is incredibly daunting when you first start, and most of the characters are unique in their abilities, it takes many hours (days?) to even consider yourself a rookie in this game. After a week of playing nothing but 'Least Played' mode, you'll be pretty in the know of most of the characters, it's going to take watching youtube guide videos, experimenting, careful study of the tournament games and overall pure luck on who you get teamed up with (god help you if you're playing solo) to be able to win a game and even understand why you did. In short, what you need is; Trustworthy teammates, lots of free time, dedication, the ability to adapt well, and a looped playlist of 'Eye of The Tiger' and 'You're The Best'. Then maybe, you'll be considered a "nub" that won't get reported.
game-hours: 288.5
review: Its Cool
game-hours: 1257.4
review: Gamenya bagus banget, grafik luar biasa dengan gameplay sama kayak dota 1. Nilai tambah disini karena steam yang menopang game dota 2, dimana keamanannya luar biasa ketat, namun jadi boomerang sendiri yang kadang dimana keamanannya malah sedikit "menggangu" player, karena tiap ada hal yg berhubungan sama security harus nunggu berapa hari Di Indonesia mungkin kurang ada wadah buat nopang player yang  game ini, mungkin lebih ke akses pembelian barang, dan lain-lain. Diharapkan steam bisa membantu player Indonesia yang ingin menyalurkan aktifitasnya agar menjadi lebih mudah didalam dota maupun steam Overall good banget!!
game-hours: 2456.5
review: its wonderful game
game-hours: 3101.1
review: dota2 is my game
game-hours: 2519.7
review: 2k h wasted, i regret nothing.
game-hours: 1981.5
review: I've become chronically depressesed since I began playing and now I get medical weed.
game-hours: 1688.9
review: Terrible game, played by terrible people.
game-hours: 352.3
review: would recommend, all it costs is your time, your social life, your soul and any chance you had at losing your virginity
game-hours: 2361.2
review: Dota 2 is awesome
game-hours: 194.7
review: This game has made me racist towards those who speak any language other than english
game-hours: 1653.9
review: Not just a better graphics of DotA , it brings a whole new concept :D
game-hours: 2462.1
review: 10/10
game-hours: 2757.9
review: yeah
game-hours: 201.2
review: This game ruined my life, thank you.
game-hours: 65.4
review: good
game-hours: 2589.5
review: Dota rulez others sucks
game-hours: 1321.8
review: sa
game-hours: 1337.5
review: this game is great...i love it !!!!!!!
game-hours: 509.8
review: i like this game
game-hours: 5604.7
review: doto iz gud
game-hours: 1004.5
review: Dota2 is love, dota 2 is life
game-hours: 2982.1
review: not for Russians xD
game-hours: 529.6
review: Best way to lose friends.
game-hours: 3042.6
review: nice
game-hours: 1540.0
review: It's an amazing game - technically outstanding, showing all of Valve's usual polish and attention to detail, especially in the all-important multiplayer aspects. The continual balance tweaks and new heroes combined with the vast amount of content in the game offer countless hours of enjoyment. It's hard to master but good wins with your teammates are incredibly satisfying. I'm helplessly addicted and every day look forward to getting home to fire this up with my friends. If you can spare the time - play it. :)
game-hours: 635.2
review: Game for wannabe hipsters with a horribad mute system. Also: Hodor.
game-hours: 1565.0
review: nice to play
game-hours: 596.8
review: I used to play DOTA 1 on my old Pentium 4 PC back in 2009 and it was a great experience. And when I learned that Valve acquired the rights to make a sequel for 1st mod game I was shocked like "How can they do that?, are they going to collaborate with blizzard to develop a new one?".. But then I found out that the project will be a standalone sequel without Warcraft or Blizzard.. And when I tried the final product I was surprised cause it's very similar to it's predecessor and for those who enjoyed the first one, I'm pretty sure that you will surely enjoy this Valve version as well, not to mention Ice Frog, one of the main modders of DOTA1 was the lead designer of this game so expect that the features that you've loved on the first still remains in this version.. Kudos to Valve and Ice Frog.. So far I'm enjoying the game more than any other titles on Steam... I will definitely recommend this to MOBA addicts out there, especially the DOTA 1 patrons..
game-hours: 338.3
review: Love it
game-hours: 1711.0
review: awxdaxawdxaw
game-hours: 1737.1
review: 10/10 best Russian server simulator experience
game-hours: 1085.1
review: 's crzy dank m8. would r8 8/8.
game-hours: 1214.2
review: nobody can stop me to play this game
game-hours: 954.9
review: absoloutly
game-hours: 2450.3
review: addicted
game-hours: 1307.0
review: this game is the best , the game is awsome
game-hours: 1944.5
review: best moba ever
game-hours: 2070.2
review: i hate this game
game-hours: 1895.0
review: Good game for make mad
game-hours: 657.6
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 648.6
review: its a suprb game \
game-hours: 240.8
review: Hell yeah
game-hours: 37.7
review: This game is so this with my friends... It's better to play with someone you know
game-hours: 1847.1
review: CAUTION! VERY ADDICTING
game-hours: 1329.3
review: dont play if you value your time or sanity
game-hours: 560.8
review: it's all about "TEAMWORK "
game-hours: 3473.6
review: merita jocu
game-hours: 730.2
review: this is the best game in the steam (for me) 10/10 good game
game-hours: 1477.6
review: Really really really good strategy game!!
game-hours: 12.1
review: 9/10 Best language learning program there is. 9/10 because it insn't a game, it's an educational program so it shouldn't be marketed as a game ;P Jk I love Dota
game-hours: 1014.4
review: Do you like being matched with non-English speakers on English servers and losing to "right click to win" heroes? Do you love lack of communication between team members in a team game? THEN YOU'VE COME TO THE RIGHT PLACE! Introducing Dota 2, the most innovative method of mental self-harm known to man. Some games are so "fun" (ed), you'll want to commit seppuku to end the miserable experience. The best part about Dota is when you make the life of the other team miserable. Then you're in for a world of fun. PS. Always, always, always bring along some friends. Dota may be agonizing otherwise. The more friends you play with, the better.
game-hours: 1300.6
review: Is great yo
game-hours: 2973.0
review: Good game to play with friends
game-hours: 1478.0
review: good good
game-hours: 729.2
review: Too many ing russians. region lock pls
game-hours: 1301.2
review: . ,
game-hours: 2052.4
review: best game ever
game-hours: 34.4
review: Dota 2 is a free Strategy / RPG type game made by the worlds most biggest and succesful Game Company - Valve. Dota 2 gives you the oppurtunity to learn skills and tactics you have never been able to learn before, and also has a money making potential to it. Dota lets you master different players in the game, getting stronger and unlocking new items for them to make them more "Buff". There are three lanes in Dota, Top, Bottom and Middle, all in which occupy a tower to defend the teams "Ancient". To win the game, you will need to destroy the towers to get to the ancient and then destroy the Ancient with it. 10/10, I love this game.
game-hours: 1556.5
review: Makes you look at yourself and think why cant you be as good as asians but then you dont even worry about it because you have a bigger dong.
game-hours: 1457.8
review: +rep
game-hours: 768.4
review: Nice and good game.
game-hours: 1143.8
review: Abusive and i would not wish upon mortal enemies 10/10
game-hours: 4089.1
review: DOTA2 GOOD GAME
game-hours: 6348.7
review: Fun game.
game-hours: 1686.5
review: Nice game
game-hours: 308.2
review: nice
game-hours: 3185.1
review: A great language learning tool. Learn important phrases for any Eastern European, Hispanic or Southeast Asian languages in just a few hours a day.
game-hours: 2555.7
review: rampage2
game-hours: 765.6
review: - pretty much sums up all the europe servers in this game.
game-hours: 4.4
review: wow can you teach me how to play dota with all your game time?
game-hours: 1871.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 2278.1
review: omg its ing awesome im addicted to this game -_-
game-hours: 836.9
review: play with skills !!
game-hours: 2987.6
review: Make My Life Full Of Happiness
game-hours: 355.9
review: Badai
game-hours: 541.1
review: good thing its free to play now! we will all experience what it feels when playing the world's most famous and WANTED game! BTW THANKS TO AMADEUS EXODUS MACHINA FOR GIVING ME A DOTA 2 KEY!
game-hours: 1182.2
review: the best
game-hours: 819.3
review: free to play, need a teamwork to win the game. know your role and win it.
game-hours: 1752.8
review: A really cool game you should play !
game-hours: 2781.9
review: this game is for people who can use their brains properly LOL
game-hours: 18.2
review: great game
game-hours: 489.5
review: Dota 2 was the most cool game to play with friends, because we can experiment combining items and hero skills. Created many war strategy. I love dota 2
game-hours: 362.2
review: this game
game-hours: 834.1
review: zz
game-hours: 803.8
review: if you aint playing this you aint playing a moba
game-hours: 2566.5
review: This is a very competitive game with some incredibly complicated mechanics. The graphics are nice, everything runs well and I've rarely seen issues, which are fixed on a regular basis. What makes it entertaining to me is the combination of hundreds of available characters, each with their own relatively unique skill set, along with hundreds of items to be bought during the course of each match. In a 5 man team, there are endless combinations of roles which can make for a solid strategy. There is a matchmaking system that does a fair job of creating balanced teams (hopefully, dear player, after you have practiced playing with bots and know all of the heroes) and an endless learning curve. The only problem I have with the game is how much abuse is prevalent in the community. New players are able to join matches before they have the experience to make reliable teammates and rather than give them advice or instruction, many would simply vote to kick a player from the team, and 4v5 is hardly ever winnable. I wish there were more people able to demand some respect and cooperation, that I had more reports for those who use the word noob regularly and then claim the game is over before it began because of anything else. If you like competition, teamwork, hilarious math, reflexes, and leadership, then this is one of the best games you'll find. But it will be frustrating at times.
game-hours: 3340.7
review: I've played a lot of games with a wide and varied ammount of different communities but never have I played a game that could compete with the same level of ' ' (Bicth noob) that is russian dotos. I've travelled wide and far to experience the european servers but no matter how hard I try, I can never seem to find the promised lands. I've been around to experience the following: Ti3 = Na'Vi fountain hooking whilst Gabe Newel was clearly there. Diretide 2013 =   _  Give DIRETIDE VOLVO! Chinese New Year = "Broken ShiTblades,  my life I quit this  game." Ti4 = Techies confirmed, Valve shut up and take my money. 12/10 rated. Much fun. Very Russian. Too many reddit leaks. Would recommend, have recommended. They continue to play Call of Duty & GTA V. Maybe I should recommend to PC gamers, League of Lung Cancer still beats Defense Of The Ancient-russians 2
game-hours: 1526.3
review: Awesome game, huge community
game-hours: 1245.2
review: fun game
game-hours: 1458.6
review: this my game
game-hours: 1336.4
review: good game
game-hours: 2869.7
review: one of the best games in the world
game-hours: 843.9
review: Just PLay Just Build Items Just Trade !
game-hours: 4246.7
review: DOTA 2 is the sequel of Defense of the Ancients commonly known as DOTA wherein two teams of players compete with a single character of their choice through an RTS-style interface which emphasizes on Intelligence, Cooperation and Teamwork.
game-hours: 1630.2
review: Best game on steam.
game-hours: 1195.3
review: Dota 2 - A Game worth getting/playing Generally let me start of by saying I usually play alot of playstation but Dota 2 got me hooked and im still hooked on it. Ranged from using abilities, working as a team to the just pure enjoyment of having a last kill. Player friendly, can spend hours enjoying it with mates/friends and well if you decide to go alone, take some time to practice and learn the capabilities of each hero. I think this game is fun and yeah what makes it amazing is each character takes some time to play with its not like easy from the start which makes it fair for the noobs/newbies to the game. Positives about the game: Loads of characters Loads of items to choose from Epic duals to awesome kill streaks And well u think there are negatives, but its hard to find one except for the fact that the creators have created a awesome game but my only negative would be the maps. Stuck on the same map makes u wonder when the update will come or if will ever but yeah its only a small lag in the game which u can bypass!!! Negative Different maps Anyhows said enough, if u guys find it helpful pls like it and yeah catch u on dota 2 :)
game-hours: 2792.8
review: One of my most favourite games, highly recommend having a go, guaranteed will be enjoyed by people who have played Warcraft III: ROC. 9/10
game-hours: 1928.7
review: omegoooosshhhh !! can you appreciate a woman ?? :O
game-hours: 154.5
review: Great game :) I love rikimaru
game-hours: 736.6
review: Dota 2 ( think before click ) #IfYouKnowWhatIMean
game-hours: 191.4
review: It's is nice.
game-hours: 1634.6
review: THIS GAME IS EPIC! PLAY IT Now
game-hours: 377.0
review: Dota 2, play it or don't. I'm not your mother I can't tell you what to do.
game-hours: 635.8
review: this is 5v5 game that unpredictable. and i love it!
game-hours: 2167.1
review: Swag.
game-hours: 383.8
review: This is a good competetive arena for fast paced players. Heroes now are more balanced than before and the first of its own kind, as a massive online battle arena
game-hours: 3112.0
review: getting better and better
game-hours: 1219.9
review: Yes!
game-hours: 1145.6
review: I heard a strong, wise man say that crushing your enemies was one of the best things in life.
game-hours: 2213.1
review: its a nice and challenging game. i like the cosmetics a lot. good work valve! its my primary game!
game-hours: 1789.3
review: DOTA DOTA DOTA
game-hours: 2547.7
review: good strategies and action game , using mind and team works to win . alot of action here . recommended !
game-hours: 1526.9
review: )))
game-hours: 1808.7
review: THIS GAME IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE's :3
game-hours: 4226.2
review: dota 2
game-hours: 3976.9
review: an excellent MOBA game , perfect for pass ur free time fast.
game-hours: 744.1
review: >Game is hard.
game-hours: 4021.5
review: Dota 2 features the characters and factions from the original Defense of the Ancients title with new features.
game-hours: 500.9
review: Its dota. It doesnt need a dscription of why you should play it you just should. If you haven't you're a damn fool.
game-hours: 1340.9
review: Free russian learning tool.
game-hours: 167.4
review: This game is very very gud. It is the bestest ever of all teh time know by the human kind
game-hours: 1616.1
review: WOW GOOD GAME
game-hours: 2878.0
review: none
game-hours: 3764.2
review: Good English Teacher xD
game-hours: 2023.3
review: Easiest game ive ever played
game-hours: 330.5
review: This game ing sucks. It is the same gay  every time over and over again. Also, Kyle Taylor sucks big fat nuts.
game-hours: 3403.7
review: ytf7tf76ygygtgttgtgtg
game-hours: 25.0
review: Pown Russian and Brazillians all day
game-hours: 1713.9
review: LIKE
game-hours: 2126.4
review: Dota 2 is awesome...!!
game-hours: 1417.6
review: ugh
game-hours: 1926.5
review: The best game I have ever played, great experience, filled with fun, rage, racism etc.
game-hours: 1199.4
review: this is game
game-hours: 2165.4
review: It's Fun and exciting items
game-hours: 537.2
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 2643.3
review: :/ :/ :/ :/ :D :p
game-hours: 250.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 52.5
review: Having not played the first Dota, I wasn't sure what to expect. I am happy to report that this is a pretty solid game!! I was very sceptical of only one game map and always "starting from scratch" but that seems to be a great equalizer.I really enjoy the multitude of characters as well as the overall feeling of the interface. Must play for any fan of PvP/RTS. "GOLD!, For my master!!!"
game-hours: 2674.0
review: good
game-hours: 691.9
review: good graphics
game-hours: 88.6
review: This is kewl. :D
game-hours: 3830.5
review: Yes, but is a nice game
game-hours: 3169.4
review: best MOBA
game-hours: 1485.0
review: HORRY SHEET. DEES GAIM IS SO INTEWESTING, MY HEWITAGE CAN BE SEEEN IN THE PHEONIX - I WWAS ONCE TOLD I COOLD NOT BE A MISTIKAL FIER DRAGEN, BUT NOW I AM EWERY GAME. YOU CAN EVEN ROAL PLAI AS THE DRAGEN, I PLAI AS THO I AM LERNING CHINESE FIGHTING STYLE, IT SO GOOD THAT PEOPLE SCREAM IN CHAT AT ME, WISHING ME LUCK. AND IF THE HEREOS ON THE ENEMY TEEEM WANT TO HIT ME? I ALOW EET - CWEAWY I DESErVE EET. FOR I AM THE JUGGERNAUT, .
game-hours: 1784.5
review: Test
game-hours: 1142.8
review: Mindless clicking,people with nothing better to do screaming at you,and completely not fun.This game is the pinnacle of human achievement there will never be anything greater.
game-hours: 1820.8
review: Very good community, basically the only reason I play this.
game-hours: 847.9
review: This game is so bad, why would I even think of playing this game.... 10/10 would get matched with Russians and Brazilians again.
game-hours: 524.4
review: nice, fun game dota 2
game-hours: 3860.9
review: There is nothing else I would rather play in my spare time.
game-hours: 1708.7
review: A pulchritudinous looking game, it is definitely my personal favorite MOBA game yet. It has a huge hero roster, is completely free (the only possible transactions result in aesthetic changes), requires coordinated teamwork and has a huge fan base and community. That said, you should be wary of many of the players, as many are extremely negative and will work to frustrate and annoy you in whatever way possible. In many cases you will feel that an opponent is overpowered, or a particular hero is cheap, but I can assure that in 95% of these cases, that is not true. I would also highly recommend that you learn the basics first and complete the tutorial, because your first few games are gonna be rough; you will probably get crushed into the finest paste you've ever been in your life.
game-hours: 853.5
review: Nice game and better than League of Legends.
game-hours: 2272.8
review: <3
game-hours: 689.4
review: hmm
game-hours: 1148.9
review: nc 1
game-hours: 593.2
review: Excellent game, but be careful, it gets very addictive :D
game-hours: 1703.7
review: Literally one of the best games I've ever played.
game-hours: 1646.9
review: Dota 2 is a great game if you want to put in 100 hours into a game before you start having fun. In my 600 hours of gameplay I regret nothing except for the mass amount weight I have amassed playing dota a total of how much i gained. I figured for every hour played I gained 1.5 LBs now I am going to be competition for the worlds biggest man. Overall dota is a great game. I would recommend this to anyone I have noticed also my grades have slipped but I have plenty of time to catch up with the grades becuase I am only in thrid grade.
game-hours: 1126.8
review: Nice !
game-hours: 1428.3
review: Very Good Game :)
game-hours: 2990.5
review: THE BEST LANGUAGE LEARNING TOOL ON THE INTERNET. LEARN TO SPEAK SPANISH, RUSSIAN, AND PORTUGUESE FOR THE LOW LOW PRICE OF YOUR SELF-ESTEEM AND FAITH IN OTHERS GET THIS FREE AS HECK GAME
game-hours: 44.5
review: Oh wow look at me, writing a review for 1 of my 3 favorite games on Steam at 10:00 P.M. time for spell check spam. Well anyways as I said it is one of my 3 favorite games on Steam so lets start at the begginning. It all started in World of Warcraft, I bought the game in 2008 and knew little about. Later I found out it was Warcraft 4, so I went and looked at Wacraft 3. One of the mods for Warcraft 3 is called Dota (Defense of the Anchients) sound familiar? Well it is a super worked on mod that eventually turned into a game. Dota2, this has got to sound familiar to you now. So basically last time I counted there were 100 something classes in the game so obviously I wanted to try them all. Yah, I got to about 1/3 and I got tired of failing with new classes. So I chose my favorite class. Phantom Lancer. Anyways in Dota2 you can go around and kill people in a 5v5 match, doesn't get much better than that... Oh wait! It does. When ever you think you have the best class, there is one better than you. So you'll always get owned by someone, unless your Riki, C'mon that guys a god. Basically the goal of Dota2 is to use teamwork and your brain to destroy atleast 5 towers, 2 barracks and the, well, Anchient, hence the name Defense of the Anchient. So I want to make this really long so I am going to go on. When I got my first name tag, kill counter, and description tagged and jumped in joy. I was able to make the best item ever! (It is a common xD) So, in short do you like MOBA games? Roleplaying games? Strategy games? Teamwork games? Games where you break your keyboard? Dota2 is the game for you! To continue on with my jibber-jabber I would like to introduce No one the Puppet. No one the Puppet: Hi bros and brodettes! Get this game! It's free, fun, fascinating, furious, fabulous, frightening, fantastic, funny, fuming, another "F" verb and so much more! So get it. Post more "F" words below! Anyways I give this game a 9.5/10. Only thing I don't like about it is that matches take 30-60 minutes long... and you don't want to leave your screen during that times. So get this game!! But I feel like this review is to short. I am going to talk about Riki. So Riki is a Dranei (flying space goat) Assassin, heh, that obliberates. He has a shadowstep that can teleport him to a target, where he can 3 shoot the enemy with 3 backstabs, throw down some powder making it so his enemies can't do crap, kill the other 4 enemies, vanish, and go buy a Divine Rapier. Yah that is pretty OP. If you want to suceed against Riki make sure he never hits level 6, when he gets his stealth ability which is his elite skill. He can basically be forever stealthed when he is out of combat for 3 seconds. More on elite skills, every class has one which is his or hers greated ability. But in my opinion Phantom Lancer is better. Once he is high level is invincible! He can do lots of damage with his normal attack and when you run away at 15% health he shoots a lance at your, finishing you off and summon an illusion. When you attack you can summon an illusion, and when that illusion attacks he can someone another illusion, so on and so forth. So basically what I am saying is that Phantom Lancer is also OP. There is another class called Sniper which you use in tutorial mode. Basically you can have Riki stand invisible by a tower, so you have a view of the tower but the tower isn't attacking Riki, then have a Sniper, outside of the towers range, shoot the tower down and destroy it in glory! This would also work for any other stealth classes. Well I do not know much else to say so I am going to end this here.... but... I have 1 more thing to say... GET THIS GAME! IT IS AWESOME!!!
game-hours: 1948.0
review: unfairness stress sorrow regret
game-hours: 2425.5
review: best online game
game-hours: 123.4
review: ruins friendships 10/10
game-hours: 2694.7
review: There is no game that can get you depressed and madder than Adolf Hitler in 1945, and still have you keep playing it. Good game, especially with friends.
game-hours: 2087.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 3301.2
review: Oh my god !
game-hours: 1159.1
review: 1000/10 turns you and your friends into racists
game-hours: 1637.2
review: for the long time ago
game-hours: 770.9
review: Nice Game :D
game-hours: 478.0
review: BEST DRUG EVER.
game-hours: 1051.0
review: best game of the word :)
game-hours: 3350.0
review: looks like i cant press yes"
game-hours: 1381.0
review: The best game in the history of gaming, LoL can go suck a big, black d***.
game-hours: 732.1
review: veri jees
game-hours: 2085.4
review: good game
game-hours: 6397.3
review: best game ever :)
game-hours: 205.1
review: dkm Vng ml , dkm gh ml
game-hours: 1312.5
review: it's a fun game. everyone can have a great time playing it especially when u aim to be better u have to think new strategies, tricks, and builds on your heroes and you have to play as a team not just by yourself.
game-hours: 3373.7
review: drow is so easy to counter
game-hours: 2084.2
review: <3
game-hours: 2621.3
review: Great game realy
game-hours: 1868.3
review: Made my friends hate me even more, wakes up neighbours with late night rage & causes domestic violence if family members enter my room while playing. 10/10 GG.
game-hours: 1080.0
review: Highly Addictive. Stressful . But quite entertaining and it has infinite ways to win.
game-hours: 4900.2
review: this is indeed the most played steam game i ever had ! :D
game-hours: 1548.5
review: ing awesome game..
game-hours: 1918.8
review: game is very much so fun.
game-hours: 467.5
review: lol it oke
game-hours: 1137.3
review: Test
game-hours: 2267.7
review: GOODGAME
game-hours: 754.5
review: gh
game-hours: 1935.4
review: :)
game-hours: 2914.6
review: WARNING THIS GAME IS SOO GOOD YOU WILL FORGET ABOUT THE EVERYTHING ELSE. NOT RECOMMENDED FOR PEOPLE HAVING FAMILIES. OTHERS..... JUST ALL AND DOWNLOAD.
game-hours: 1691.6
review: rq
game-hours: 1321.9
review: Best game on the market if you want to learn Russian, have your self-esteem crushed by foreigners, or contemplate why you even bother breathing anymore.
game-hours: 1.7
review: it @%#$ing sucks
game-hours: 2020.8
review: if u played this game u will need a rehab to quit it +best game ever
game-hours: 1742.5
review: Are language tutors like Rosetta Stone too pricy for you? Do you enjoy repeating tasks for hours for losses that will tear apart friendships and wins that will be forgotten about immediately? Do you find pride in knowing that you and your group of friends can work as hard as you can, and train for thousands of hours, only to be destroyed by a melanin enriched man livining in his chicken-farming parents' shack? Regardless of whether or not he's on your team? Do you like to receive a couple shiny, colourful virtual objects that compel you to spend money on more? Do you enjoy spectating other people playing games, and thinking to yourself "Gosh, they're so bad. If I were them, I would be doing so much better."? Do you enjoy semi-high pitched 'ping' noises? Do you enjoy shouting being emitted from a chain smoking Peruvian, into a ham radio, into a headset from 1993 radiating out of your speakers? Do you enjoy being blamed for every fault within your team? Do you enjoy right clicking? Are you a masochist? If you answered yes to any of these questions, Dota 2 is the game for you.
game-hours: 803.9
review: To start with if you're thinking of playing Dota2 it's going to be rough when you start and it's probably best to start with some friends, BUT when you get past that barrier you'll never find another game to fill that void of Dota2's MOBA experience. Would totally recommend this to anyone thinking of playing just beast through the beginners block and ignore the flamers :)
game-hours: 3288.5
review: huita kakaya-to, ne rekomenduyu
game-hours: 2467.3
review: not bad huh
game-hours: 2042.8
review: This game litterally ruined my life. I started playing dota awhile ago, thaught it was hard, but fun, so kept playing.... But now, Dota has taken everything away from me. Dota is my new life. I now don't get to go outside with my friends in the glorious sunlight. I no longer worry about grades at school. My dream is now to be Dendi. This game a has also brought out the dark side in me. Out of the over 800 hours i've been playing this game, at least 20% of me playing has been me screaming at my FREAKING TEAMATES BECAUSE ALL THEY DO IS FEED. This game has also made me extremely rasict to all non english speakers, especially: Peru, Brazil, every spanish speaking country, and Russia. Do I reccomend this game? HELL YEAH 100/10
game-hours: 1085.0
review: Really nice game
game-hours: 1730.3
review: There are a lot of MOBA games out there. A lot of them are basicly the same thing with different graphics and heroes/champions (you choose what you want to call them). However, there is something different about DOTA 2. I wouldn`t say it`s the difficulty (that depends on community more, than on the game itself). I don`t even think it`s the heroes, there are few unique heroes, you won`t find in other MOBA games, but a lot of them are simmilar (either visually or in their skills). I think this game has somethign in it, that makes you want to play it. It can`t be described. You won`t be able to tell what it is, but you will now it`s there. So it`s hard to say if this game is for you or if it isn`t. You won`t know until you play it. Be aware though. If you choose to give this game a try, expect that you will hate it and love it at the same time. You will hate and love the community. You will hate and love your friends you play this game with. BUT BE MOST AWARE OF HOW MUCH TIME YOU SPEND PLAYING THIS GAME, AS IT WILL TAKE ALL YOUR TIME ONCE YOU WILL BE DRAGGED INTO IT..
game-hours: 958.9
review: Nothing to say.......
game-hours: 4.0
review: I'm 8 and what is dota :3:3:D
game-hours: 3830.7
review: Also known as TF2: Strategy edition.
game-hours: 3156.5
review: Ruined my life and killed my bank account. Tought me how to speak Russian and that screaming at people while insulting them is the best way to cover up your inaptitudes at everything. Overall, good clean fun.
game-hours: 2127.1
review: A real competitive game, Valve did a very nice job bringing dota 2. A real strategy game, a challeging fun game. There is over 112 Heroes to try, each one is balanced, and no hero is the most powerfull or the most weak, every hero in the game is equal, every hero have his / her's high and lows. And that my friend is Dota 2.
game-hours: 38.0
review: Good game
game-hours: 2465.0
review: a
game-hours: 828.8
review: having fun playing this game!
game-hours: 1598.8
review: This Game Really AMAZING...
game-hours: 116.1
review: When I first tried to play Dota 2 - around the same time it came out - I made the mistake of jumping right on in thinking I knew exactly what I was doing; obviously failing, I gave up and left about ten-minutes later, and throughout the course of a few months, I did this about five-times, because I wanted to understand what the big deal was about it, and why people found and still find this game so addictive. Up until recently, I hated it with a passion - not only for being killed over-and-over - but also for the sheer complexity of it overall, but, now I know, I wasn't taking the time to actually appreciate that complexity and realise that the learning curve was so full of depth, that if you set your mind to it, you can seriously enjoy it. Considering it's all based around one map, with the same game-mode every time, it's evident you'd think it'd get boring quickly - but you'd be wrong. Even though this is the case, there's so many different heroes, with different abilities, and different play-styles, it just makes it more enticing. It's also extremely strategic and teammates count for everything, which means you'll be working together and maybe even making some more friends. In conclusion: This game is worth every hour you're willing to invest into it, and if you enjoy learning, teamwork and have an addictive personality like me, then those hours are going to be endless.
game-hours: 982.8
review: LEARN TO SWEAR IN LANGUAGE YOU HAVE NEVER EVEN LEARNED, WHAT MORE CAN YOU ASK FOR? GET THIS GAME NOW.
game-hours: 3150.2
review: Got over 2k hours on this game , explains it all :)
game-hours: 1954.0
review: nice strategy base but seiously very addictive
game-hours: 533.9
review: 3ererefw
game-hours: 1812.7
review: very awssm game
game-hours: 1767.2
review: greater than dota 2
game-hours: 1495.8
review: +rep
game-hours: 2545.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 4449.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 16.6
review: Confirmed Battlefield when WWIII starts.
game-hours: 1234.3
review: Great game. Masssive learning curve and never gets boring
game-hours: 1574.5
review: bad
game-hours: 1460.9
review: good game
game-hours: 872.1
review: This Is a Good Game
game-hours: 1037.1
review: gr8 ga3m m8 i r8 8/8
game-hours: 3634.8
review: ITS NICE
game-hours: 1276.6
review: very go0o0oo0o0oo0od
game-hours: 921.2
review: this game provides hours upon hours of entertainment not to mention that it is completly free of charge! so what are you waiting for? give it a try!!
game-hours: 1099.9
review: just play it and you will love it its that simple my friend :)
game-hours: 2151.6
review: mmhmmm
game-hours: 997.1
review: Great game :D
game-hours: 0.7
review: NICE GAME
game-hours: 439.9
review: DOTA 2 is FUN and Addictive as Always. It's hard and really needs to give effort to be able to play decently
game-hours: 1506.0
review: Fun And Nice to Play
game-hours: 2009.2
review: Yes, Steam, yes I do recommend this very awesome game.
game-hours: 3915.8
review: Play for fun. I'm so cute.
game-hours: 3445.5
review: .
game-hours: 2546.9
review: Best Game in Steam! <3
game-hours: 2019.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 1418.3
review: Awesome game ever !
game-hours: 614.0
review: cel mai tare joc p[e care l-am jucat ever....
game-hours: 2559.8
review: I'm pretty sure all of my friends play it (caused this is where I met all of them lol) BUT THIS GAME IS AMAZING! Strategy is perfectly orchestrated into the captivating gameplay and perfect graphics, storyline is not key but there are hints and traces of it shot out at you through weapon flavor text and fanmade comics. All in all this game is great, and although it may seem that this game is kind of lame because you don't keep items after matches at first, that doesn't matterf after the first hour or so of gameplay.
game-hours: 496.1
review: this is awesome
game-hours: 1060.7
review: You Should Try This One
game-hours: 3300.3
review: I only write this to get the badge, 10/10
game-hours: 2749.1
review: Best game EU!
game-hours: 1790.9
review: Great Game :D
game-hours: 3491.4
review: Will make you hate everyone that doesn't speak english and will waste all of your time.
game-hours: 3141.3
review: The best MOBA game ever, even better than the original W3 Dota Map. Good job Valve!
game-hours: 674.5
review: This game is great!
game-hours: 2799.0
review: You will never have chance to get bored with this game. Best game ever!!!!
game-hours: 147.0
review: good
game-hours: 6860.9
review: yes i recommend this game !!
game-hours: 596.7
review: Amazing, 10/10
game-hours: 1298.2
review: Balls up and quit lol
game-hours: 1359.7
review: Makes League of Legends players look like sopping wet
game-hours: 1126.0
review: This game has risen above all other games It has become omniscient Basically it will become a part of your life And you will never be the same again 10/10 better than organised religion
game-hours: 1265.4
review: Show
game-hours: 2945.3
review: esse eh loco podescrer
game-hours: 987.4
review: Nice
game-hours: 1040.5
review: doots
game-hours: 1161.2
review: Best MOBA created. Easily one of the hardest to learn and master. It takes a lot of patience and research to be good in this game. If you played DOTA1/HON/LoL, this is perfect for you. Just be warned though people are not friendly, people trashtalk a lot, people are very elitist regarding the meta builds and does not want you experimenting. If you encounter this people, mute them ASAP, dont bother firing back. Just remember you been warned. Have Fun! :)
game-hours: 2834.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 2494.2
review: Best. GAME. EVAERRRRR!
game-hours: 249.9
review: the websters dictiondary definition of ancient is ancient adjective \'an(t)-sh?nt, 'a?(k)-sh?nt\ : very old : having lived or existed for a very long ti and Boy this game is old and existed a long time. Steam made the old game DO.N.A. and now made it into the new game D.O.T.A.2. it stands for Defence Of Ancients. it used to be a old game for nerds but now It's a real life recration of the medevil life style. you can go down to the street to buy wares from the Fat man down the Street like olive branch, the slippers, and a eye ball on a stick. Just like medeval Times. Its a real life simulater so its got night and Day also. you can do all the chores you want like chipping down a tree with a leaf and driving the donckey horse down to the river to drink (your Team Mates will get mad if you do this wrong so get a lot of practice) if you like to be wizzard and cast Magic this is the video game for you. its technically a Massiveley Multiplayer On Line Battle House, or MOBO. this means that 1. 1. theres a LOT of people thats playing it. I counted at least 8 people in one house. 2. theres A lot of magicyou can cash a spell and it makes the little guy glow with magic glowing rings. I think theres a nother spell but I did not try it yet. 3. theres a lot of medeval guys (and the ladies) to pick from. Marana is the best one though because she shoots a really big arrow and rides a lion cat so shes the fastest. Watch out though that its pro grammed to be a Realistic arrow so its slow. you can also play as a donckey horse and this is easier except some times it does not like to listen but thats what stubborn donckeys do. 4. and if you like Secrets then Boy there is a lot of secrets in this game to choose from. if you chip down the right tree in the forest you get hit by a lightning bolt!!! It's a hidden secret and i could not find out how to make it happen again. it also happened when i didn't chip down a tree so its weird. also did you know theres a secret Fat man in the woods that sells wares but i could only find him once. if you find him again please make a web site saying where he is. 5. theres a lot of peope that shout a insult and curse word at you. this is the bad part of the game. I dont know why Steam put this part into the game but the voice acting is not very good. if its too loud you can leave the game house though. also i have a gameplay Tips for you. -stay onto the side of the house that you started on. if you go to the other side you get killed by a building. I dont know why Steam did this. -theres a Dragon in the forest. just like Medevil times. if you Slay the dragon you win i think. I killed the dragon after drying two times i finally killed it. then the game ended. I wont spoil it but its a big hole in the ground with little guys jumping and it says Die Wins. -some times people say things to you but its a secret code. i figured it out though. if they say b it means bad or g means good. some times they say Top or mid and bottom, it just means you have to tell the donckey horse to drink in the river and mid means go to the middle of the river.
game-hours: 1606.3
review: ed my life
game-hours: 626.1
review: op game
game-hours: 510.8
review: One of the most fun and addicting games I have ever Played! Recommended for everybody!* *MUCH BETTER THAN LOL!!
game-hours: 3838.2
review: Best game in the world !
game-hours: 39.2
review: Ok. For a game built for Russians, played by Americans and won by absaloute swearing at team members so that sniper can go top, this game has taught me more about the great passion that people have about winning games such as DOTA, your feeling do not count for  on the playing field, no. Niether does your spirit, but just your hero and its abilities and how fast your able to use them.To play this game requires not a patient personality but your skills at how fast your able to press "1,2,3,4" and where you use them. You will be sworn at, ed over and hated at first......which is fine because your not gonna get better at a game like this, oohh no, firstly to even count yourself as even a little bit past begginers level, you have to asess yourself. 1.) Am i russian? - if yes continue 2.)  ? - if yes continue 3.)          ? - if yes continue if you have answered no or yes to any of these questions you are still and undoubtedfully not a skilled DOTA player, please take it lightly that you wont do well in life, you cant play Dota, you cant play life. Now to start my review :).............. i recomend this game to russia
game-hours: 981.4
review: What is the "jump" button? Can't figure it out.
game-hours: 1764.7
review: This game would be better without russians.
game-hours: 2885.3
review: nice one
game-hours: 79.0
review: better than league
game-hours: 1081.7
review: Epic
game-hours: 164.7
review: Best free to play strategy game. 10/10
game-hours: 1055.9
review: Dota has become my life, would play again.
game-hours: 498.8
review: This game is crack
game-hours: 1415.0
review: Why won't WASD work?
game-hours: 3289.0
review: huita kakaya-to, ne rekomenduyu
game-hours: 2467.3
review: not bad huh
game-hours: 1198.2
review: good game
game-hours: 2049.1
review: Awesome game. Each match is different from the last. Highly addictive.
game-hours: 1549.0
review: Nayssssssssssssssssssssssss
game-hours: 539.6
review: i like
game-hours: 1082.5
review: Diz gaem iz gud 10/10
game-hours: 656.0
review: Highly recommended. easy for new players to get into and great fun with friends.
game-hours: 251.4
review: Awesome game I strongly recommend it,its a very balanced game and a lot of heroes to choose i recommend it to everyone who have a bit extra time or a lot of extra time.10/10 :D
game-hours: 3340.6
review: two letters.... GG
game-hours: 1418.3
review: YOU DON T LIKE THIS??? THAT MEAN YOU HATE YOUR ING LIFE!! DESTROYED MY LIFE AND MADE ME RACIST AGAINST RUSSIANS 10/10 A MUST ING PLAY I HAVE SEEN THE FUTURE; YOU RE NOT IN IT AXE SAY THANK YOU FOR READING THIS! (culled you)
game-hours: 2154.2
review: Like crack. Only worse. Please help me stop...
game-hours: 2714.9
review: Best Game ever !!! :))
game-hours: 1386.5
review: Best Game I've Ever Played 10/10
game-hours: 1242.2
review: Good and nice game :)
game-hours: 3794.2
review: No matter what yo start playing.. you'll ALWAYS come back to this! \m/
game-hours: 921.6
review: Dota2 is <3 hahahahaha
game-hours: 439.8
review: This is the awesome game to forget the pain !
game-hours: 316.7
review: 10/10 best way to learn russian
game-hours: 1164.5
review: wow
game-hours: 3282.0
review: great game hard to play.....if you have no idea from dota or any other moba games dont even bother to play you will be noob for 2 years at least you are going to feed enemys and everyone will hate you just dont play it....but if you are learning fast find someone who knows how to play and plz him to teach you you will be able to play without feeding in half a year and if you are that good in learning things you can go watch pro streams and games so you can be better generally and not just a feeding boy
game-hours: 557.0
review: Ok lets see I gotta get all these items and go to my lane and watch what im doing anOHGOD *FIRST BLOOD*. Frustrating and difficult. Team based while still encouraging greed. 10/10 would suck at again.
game-hours: 2715.4
review: dota 2 is my best game ever :D
game-hours: 1425.9
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 1033.0
review: Dota 2 is the most competitive fun you can have without buying a game this year.
game-hours: 813.9
review: Why the  aren't you playing this yet?
game-hours: 352.5
review: Dota 2 is a Very good game in the world
game-hours: 505.4
review: Nice
game-hours: 1659.5
review: Keep Calm and  Blyat.This game teach you that there's Russian West, Russian North and Russian East instead of Europe oh and picking language is pointless prepare for cyrlica 11/10 (Even Russain Federation of Australia)
game-hours: 2128.9
review: A very decent game very similar to the orginal dota map and I love the connection is stable.
game-hours: 1471.0
review: This game is just cool. I recommend to all fans of DotA.
game-hours: 2280.6
review: This game is truly amazing! You will have to stick with it for about 10 games before you begin to like it but afterwards it is a hardcore stratergy game, where you will have to work with your team if you have any hope for victory. I know from personal experience that once you have gotten into the game you just want to play more and with the new updates dota has really progressed and delivered a full fun game for everyone to play.
game-hours: 1677.3
review: I almost drowned in my own vomit. i r8 8/8 m8
game-hours: 5655.8
review: Very good game
game-hours: 1882.5
review: i go with the blazes
game-hours: 562.5
review: Addictive but frustrating. Best played with a group of friends who work well together.
game-hours: 679.8
review: Good Game. GG. 10/10 Would dote again.
game-hours: 1623.5
review: KEEP CALM AND BE HAPPY ^_^
game-hours: 844.5
review: In this game, you can easily find friend and enemy, it was like from the beginning of the game, you already can decide, is your team mate is your friend, or your ACTUAL enemy, but that said, i have find more friend, much more friend rather than enemy. And it is one of the greatest learning simulator, 9/10 would play everyday to learn. 100000% recommended for anyone who want to get smart!! :)
game-hours: 2188.0
review: This game taught me more about human interaction, leadership psychology and foreign cultures than any other single experience i've had to date. Also made me racist.
game-hours: 2282.9
review: LIKE !!
game-hours: 5886.8
review: Much fun, very game
game-hours: 833.7
review: APPROVE (Y)
game-hours: 2417.9
review: :D
game-hours: 3369.8
review: This is best of best game in the year
game-hours: 2213.1
review: it's fun.
game-hours: 2380.0
review: nice
game-hours: 3294.4
review: "Welcome to Dota 2: You Suck" TL;DR : Amazing game, try it. I was never really the type of guy to play one game for prolonged periods of time, but there are exceptions. Dota 2 is one of them. I discovered this game through a friend, downloaded it, played it, immediately hated it, and everything about it. But not because it was a horrible game. I hated it because it was soul-crushingly cruel; coming from FPS games, I was tossed into the game with no idea on how to play passed last hitting. Even that, I couldn't do right. After about six hours of trying heroes, different lane combinations/strategies, and subsequently feeding, I essentially gave up on it. Three months later, I decided that I didn't give Dota the chance it deserved. I redownloaded it, studied up on guides, practiced for hours as one hero until I got it right, and I found that this game was much deeper than I had initially thought. I was a long-time FPS player, but I was familiar with League of Legends. In LoL, you're expected to push and harass; amass gold, gank and kill to win. Simple, right? So I thought the same should be done for Dota 2. Just push the lane until I win, that's how things are in League. I learned one thing after hours and hours of getting owned by Medium Co-Op bots: Dota 2 isn't LoL. Not even close. In LoL, it's basically a pushing contest with ganks thrown in. In Dota 2, I had to learn how to counter pick, orbwalk, gank, control creep waves, stack jungle camps, stack ancients with helm of the dominator, deny junglers EXP by placing wards in camps, harass without getting aggro, what heroes countered my heroes (all of them), which lanes are best for which heroes, learn when it's better to defend or trade towers, when to buy items like Hand of Midas. It's a daunting task for... anyone. To learn all of that at once would be nothing short of overwhelming. But you don't learn it all at once, you learn it through hours and hours of humiliation and practice. Then there are the heroes; I prefer Dota 2 heroes over LoL Champions. In LoL, they expect you to work for heroes or buy them right-out with real world money, the same for any cosmetic items you may want. Dota hands you all the heroes in the game for free, and any item you see in the shop can be earned (at random) through playing a match. The items are also tradeable. The champions in League were always so-so to me, I never really connected with them either because they looked cartoony to me or because they just simply didn't talk enough/have enough lines. Heroes in Dota are rather serious and usually have over a hundred lines each, which really lets you get a good feel for who they are. Note: I don't dislike LoL as I've played it myself, I just prefer Dota. Like I said before, I was a long-time FPS shooter before coming to Dota 2 (I still am, but I digress), and a part of why it was fun was because I had friends playing with me. Yeah, I get to talk to people I know while we kill random people online, that's fun. But it was just us going rogue and seeing who can kill more people than the other while we talk about mundane things. Dota 2 is different. My friends and I found that we *had* to rely on each other to win. We were given the opportunity to organize plans, tell each other what we were doing, if we needed a gank, ect. High fives went around the room whenever we won, and gaming with friends has never been more fun. Dota 2 is that rare type of game that doesn't hold your hand through it all; you don't just pick it up instantly. It demands your time and attention; it deserves it. Dota 2 has one of the steepest learning curves of any game, the steepest I've ever experienced. But that doesn't take away from how great the game is; even when you fail, it only feeds your desire to become better. You get to reading more guides, finding which heroes you play best with, getting rid of the ones you don't, learning of the strategies you could use, and learn how to talk with your team. Much more emphasis is placed on learning, practicing and communication than most games, but that only adds to the greatness. Dota 2 is needlessly cruel, but it may be the most fun you'll ever have. An amazing game, there's no reason why you aren't playing it. Give it a try, you won't be sorry when you come out of it.
game-hours: 623.3
review: Killing things is good
game-hours: 1471.9
review: addictive...avoid at all cost!
game-hours: 470.3
review: - Disclaimer - This review is for the Standard Edition of Batman: Arkham City, as of 08/08/2014 the review feature for said game has been disabled - This game is a bomb. I've never been deeply into the Batman franchise, never read any comics. Back in the day when it was on TV, "Batman - The Animated Series" gained my attention and never lost it. Batman:Arkham city is arguably the best, longest and most refined entry in this current series of games. It was thankfully developed by the Rocksteady studio under the guidance of Paul Dini, the main writer for the Animated Series. That whole thing plays like a Batman movie produced by Christopher Nolan. Talking about immersion. You will think you are batman. And that the events happening really occur TO YOU as the witnessing player. Stunning graphics, excellent sound design and a well rounded combat system give this game the edge it needs to turn you into a non lethal crime fighting combat machine. Comes with leaderboards,challenge maps and a multiplayer mode, nothing short of a single player campaign 30+ hours rich, set up in an open air prison this game shows, how deep the rabbit whole of human cruelty really goes. This is lore wise easyly one of the best games I've ever played in my whole life and I hope Rocksteady will soon deliver an Arkham City 2 after the letdown that was Arkham Origins. That what you get when you change a winning team, Eidos. If you like super heros, or punching based action games, or just good movies in general, pls do yourself a favour and buy this game. It'll be a sad story if you miss out on it.
game-hours: 1742.0
review: Dota 2 has to be one of the most annoying, unlogical and stupid games of all time... but i still love it and play it almost every day. Bear in mind that i have only about 1000hrs on this game so my opinions and views are based only on the short time i have spent playing it (yes 1000hrs is not much game time at all) and i have only two bits of advice for some who is starting dota: 1. Stick at it, never give up, never give in. Comebacks are possible from almost any situation and although you will probably suck at first, only trying out the easiest of heroes - drow,riki,viper ect- soon you will become better, soon you will graduate from noob school and become novice level (like me), This happens at about 750hrs. 2. Dont rush for the same hero every time, even if you really like the hero dont do it. Picking every hero will teach you their abilities so you will know what each of them are capable of when you play with them or against them, so try randoming for the extra gold too. Do this until you have won a game as every hero or have played a hero atleast twice. Good luck and may Dendi be with you!
game-hours: 408.9
review: Real Time Strategy, micro one character, but strategize with bots, teammates, items, board features, and more! Replayability is like a physical sport, the game is different every time! One of the founders of the MOBA (Multiplayer Online Battle Arena) genre! One of my favorites obviously!
game-hours: 465.0
review: This game, like most Moba games, is like an abusive partner, it will hurt you and make you feel awful so you tell yourself you will stop yourself and that you will put an end to the relationship but when you confront it it pulls you close and whispers in your ear while gently carressing your back that it is sorry for hurting you so you forgive it and the cycle continues. Great game
game-hours: 450.9
review: DOTA 2 is quite an interesting game. Being a little complicated at first, one can be skillful and better at the game after several weeks (or months for some). I really do recommend this game.
game-hours: 4342.6
review: tak sebe :D
game-hours: 876.6
review: Teamwork, fast reaction, attention to details, this game has it all
game-hours: 1116.0
review: i loce dota 2
game-hours: 1979.3
review: A player declined the match. 9/10
game-hours: 855.0
review: PIECE OF  GAME, BUGGED FREAKSHOW, HACKERS AND NERDCAPTURE PROGRAM. ONCE YOU GO DOTA, YOU NEVER GO... YOU CANT RHYME  TO DOTA. ONCE YOU GO ING DOTA YOU NEVER GO DOTA DOTA DOTA DOTA DOTA NO I AM FINE SHUT THE  UP
game-hours: 781.0
review: dis game is sooo gud
game-hours: 1.8
review: While fun once you give it time it is definitely not for people who cannot wade through a steep learning curve or new comers crossing over from other popular MOBA games.
game-hours: 275.9
review: I rate this game as one of the best MOBA, even more than League of Legends or Smite itself, great quality and good gameplay.
game-hours: 1413.8
review: game is hard
game-hours: 910.0
review: 1: Download the game 2:  tutorials, just search for a game 3: Pick Pudge 4: Feed
game-hours: 1461.4
review: A beautiful game with rage, friends, feed, and Russians. Lose all your free time and friends. It is ok you have Dotes and you can make new friends. Have fun and don't feed.
game-hours: 3595.7
review: dota
game-hours: 1519.0
review: This game will destroy your nonexistent life.
game-hours: 1920.3
review: Have you ever tried crack? Me neither, but DotA 2 is probably going to be the closest thing to it. Imagine spending every waking moment thinking about something. Is it drugs? Love? No, no. It's DotA. And may the gods help you once you take the first step. But trust me, it's worth it. Just trust me.
game-hours: 1639.8
review: 100% would rage again.
game-hours: 1621.2
review: Best and Worst game all at the same time.
game-hours: 688.1
review: it's okay.
game-hours: 1372.1
review: If the game was a banana,it would be a good banana!!
game-hours: 1706.4
review: better than lol
game-hours: 2124.1
review: Awesome game!!
game-hours: 903.2
review: this is a great game
game-hours: 1751.6
review: this is the great game :D
game-hours: 4166.6
review: 9/10 gg-good game.Teamwork is really important ! This game has a lot of various heroes, spells, items. Brilliant Strategy/RPG and... Its Free2Play ;)
game-hours: 330.3
review: This is the most epic game ever
game-hours: 9394.2
review: Educative game! Teaches you Russian for free.
game-hours: 1175.0
review: Often I am asked "What does a Good Game truly mean?" hue much depends upon the game (lets say dota) will you be a tryhard? then we have Heroes that are overpowered as  will you be a nooblord? then we can grant you matchmaking that puts you against even noobier players will you be wise? can you can PUBSTOMP NOOBLORDS TILL THEIR CHOCOLATEMILK EXPLODES ON THEIR MULTIPLE CHINS What does a good game truly mean? that is for you to decide.... theres also a talking tree and a fat cockney who hooks people
game-hours: 1893.7
review: DRINK VODKA WIN DOTKA this game is SEXY AS  play it thats my REview
game-hours: 1754.7
review: A universal language learner, learn Russian, Spanish, and English all at the low low cost of your self-esteem. However you won't be able to leave it alone, it consumes your life.
game-hours: 1672.6
review: Difficult to get into at first, but once you do you'll love it, so don't feel discouraged if it's not fun to you at first.
game-hours: 1802.2
review: good
game-hours: 1541.8
review: The best game ever I recommend it ro everybody
game-hours: 1387.8
review: meh
game-hours: 846.3
review: only play this game if you are russian, mexican, or a masochist.
game-hours: 1246.8
review: good
game-hours: 9301.9
review: yesSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
game-hours: 21.4
review: Select one of the 9 locations to play game in, and make new friends! The locations are : US of Russia (East or West), European Russia (East or west), Mother Russia, South American Russia, Asian Russia , Chinese Russia, and Australian Russia.
game-hours: 939.2
review: most epic mmog
game-hours: 2384.3
review: Too many Foreigners on servers they don't belong to, resulting in bad communication and them having bad lag issues all the while screaming "" and "blyat" in the microphone... (mainly russians) otherwise great game.
game-hours: 2010.0
review: Change My Life 10/10
game-hours: 905.9
review: a good game like Dota 1 .. but Dota 2 has much better graphics :D
game-hours: 2287.9
review: Pretty much the best thing to hit the world since spandex. #yogapants . Most definitely reccomended for anyone who likes these type of games
game-hours: 1621.5
review: As a drop while playing Dota 2. Because Dota 2 is a free-to-play game, players do not receive free cards like most other games. Instead, a card drop becomes available for roughly every $9 USD spent on cosmetic items in the Dota 2 Store. If you have card drops available, they will appear automatically in your Steam inventory as long as your Dota 2 client is open. Cards drop approximately once every 15-60 minutes. From the Steam Community Market. By trading with another player. From a Booster Pack. Booster Packs are packets of several cards that drop randomly after you have forged one Dota 2 badge. Booster Packs can also be bought on the Market. Booster Packs drop more frequently for players with higher Steam Levels.
game-hours: 30.2
review: Fantastic Game to play with friends! Highly recommended
game-hours: 90.5
review: Is good game. Such sexy. Many wows.
game-hours: 2270.6
review: FU
game-hours: 142.4
review: Gr8 Game... loving it!
game-hours: 2430.7
review: this awesome
game-hours: 216.8
review: _  Give DIRETIDE:   _  DIRETIDE //\()/\\ BROODMOTHER WANTS DIRETIDE    Punch Volvo for the diretide
game-hours: 1183.9
review: Super fun game that I've sunken countless hours into. Quite possibly the best free to play model of any game (all in game purchases are purely cosmetic). Download this NOW if you have not already!
game-hours: 1510.9
review: This Game is Great OMG..
game-hours: 803.6
review: This game pursues me to file a resignation right away. >.<
game-hours: 2210.0
review: cool game cool life
game-hours: 2537.0
review: I Love Dota <3
game-hours: 2309.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 1381.8
review: Awesome gameplay and awesome graphic to....addicted to this
game-hours: 28.5
review: Amazing game.
game-hours: 1045.5
review: wow this game is awesome while playing on a high performance system
game-hours: 2677.7
review: only game that i need from steam heaheaheaheah 10/10
game-hours: 61.9
review: You right click alot. Sometimes you left click and press other buttons too. 10/10, it's alright.
game-hours: 6443.1
review: This is a very good game.
game-hours: 189.6
review: the best
game-hours: 2367.0
review: ! :)
game-hours: 1541.7
review: So very Good Game .. Enjoy Much ..
game-hours: 252.5
review: COOL
game-hours: 859.1
review: Amazing, upgraded version of the original Warcraft 3 DotA. Probably one of the hardest MOBAs out there, but becouse of that, it is challenging and fun. If you like the genre and love to be tested in both your patience and skill, this is the game for you!
game-hours: 4210.3
review: best game ever
game-hours: 634.8
review: Fliping amazing, it is a very good game but the european servers are full of russians and ukrainians all using riki
game-hours: 1398.9
review: sadasdasd
game-hours: 112.2
review: this is a fantastic game. one of my favs. i only know one person who does not like this game (he is a idiot).
game-hours: 1086.7
review: BEST GAME EVER !!!
game-hours: 1589.0
review: Too many heroes, too little time.
game-hours: 1600.3
review: Learn Russian and Spanish at the expense of your anal virginity.
game-hours: 1036.0
review: This game is too hard to play. All I want to do is farm some creeps. Then some people kill me. Oh well.
game-hours: 1717.8
review: nice :)
game-hours: 460.6
review: I LIKE THIS GAME PLAY AND THE COMPETITIONS ARE A BOBOBONUS..
game-hours: 2604.6
review: If you like strategic teamplay games, this is the best choice for you.
game-hours: 1846.6
review: This game will become your favorite game in Steam :))) And Game in which you play the most!
game-hours: 1684.0
review: dota  jogo de macho
game-hours: 1495.2
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 1538.0
review: just2good
game-hours: 270.5
review: Its very good
game-hours: 3498.0
review: Dota 2 - Multiple Language Simulator
game-hours: 828.2
review: if you rage quickly,i recomend getting a steel mouse and keyboard.
game-hours: 389.3
review: It's an amazing game - technically outstanding, showing all of Valve's usual polish and attention to detail, especially in the all-important multiplayer aspects. The continual balance tweaks and new heroes combined with the vast amount of content in the game offer countless hours of enjoyment. It's hard to master but good wins with your teammates are incredibly satisfying. It took me a long time to warm up to, but I'm helplessly addicted and every day look forward to getting home to fire this up with my friends. If you can spare the time - play it.
game-hours: 785.7
review: nice
game-hours: 439.8
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 1108.1
review: 11/10 like skyrim with a money vacuum
game-hours: 2203.3
review: Pretty good; hoping for a sequel.
game-hours: 141.7
review: Well. Like every other new and popular game that your friends force you into joining, DotA2 is worth staying in. Very heavy focus on team play, stunning graphics, massive hero/heroine selection, and the only thing you actually need to pay for is cosmetics. Honestly, I don't care much for the flamewar between DotA and LoL. Seriously, shut up already - it's obvious DotA 2 is better.
game-hours: 637.8
review: No scheduled maintenance every week. A game that is always available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
game-hours: 563.2
review: Fun Game
game-hours: 2933.7
review: nice
game-hours: 294.2
review: This is one of the better games in its genre.I highly recommend playing it,or at the very least,give it a try.
game-hours: 884.2
review: 1
game-hours: 2105.8
review: really nice teamwork game
game-hours: 2531.5
review: Very good graphics, i recommend this game to anyone.
game-hours: 3330.2
review: Best FPS EVER!!
game-hours: 547.3
review: Play this game if: 1) You want to learn Spanish or Russian for free. 2) Lose all hope in humanity. 3) Alienate friends. 4) Fill the gaping void left in your life after leaving WoW, SWTOR, EverQuest or any other MMORPG. You will not be disappointed!
game-hours: 1411.1
review: Got kicked out of college because of this game. 10/10. Would do again.
game-hours: 3280.2
review: very good game
game-hours: 2195.5
review: Nice
game-hours: 589.4
review: Best MOBA Game Ever!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 2375.3
review: a best game ever
game-hours: 151.1
review: update lg update lg --" #lol
game-hours: 3227.4
review: Best game ever, 10/10, MID OR FEED.
game-hours: 974.0
review: This is my review for one of my favorite games, Dota 2. Dota 2 is much like League of Legends, in the sense that it is a MOBA game, and the best MOBA out there. I have tried other MOBA's like LOL and Infinite Crisis, yet Dota 2 seems to prove its the best of them all. With over 100+ heros, Dota 2 is very diverse from other games where each hero has a great skill set and personality. Each hero serves a role in-game, and items are bought to your choosing or what best fits the hero. But the game is very balanced, because each skill and items can be countered by another skill or items. This makes each and every game unique and very stratigic based. After over 500+ hours in-game, I have come to love this game. You couldn't ask more from a free game, and it is very fun. Although it is free, the game does have a store where you can purchase items that change the appearance of your hero or HUD, to having the in-game voice somebody else, to making your own workshop content that could be put into game. Training for the game at first is very difficult, and alot to take in at first. But if you are persistant and play against bots to practice and better your skills, Dota 2 becomes one of the best games out there. Although the game is hard to understand at the start and the community is harsh on "noobs", with time this game is one of the best free games out there, and I highly recommend it.
game-hours: 165.9
review: It's like League of Legends, but you snowball harder. Never heard of league? Then it's like Heroes of Newerth, but with mroe foreigners. Never heard of HoN? It's like Dota 1, but with a 2 and better graphics. Never heard of Dota 1? It's like Smite, but top down instead of first person. Never heard of Smite? It's like Monday night combat, but top down, fun, and with developers who do . Never heard of Monday night combat? It's like CoD ghosts, but a different Genre. Oh and it's free. That too.
game-hours: 1438.0
review: bad game no one actually enjoys it but everyone can't stop playing it.
game-hours: 845.8
review: Pretty good game. Definitly one of the best
game-hours: 993.6
review: Best game ever<3
game-hours: 404.9
review: Game is fun 10/10 BUT, watch out for nasty Russians, Turkish and Brazilians (oh and some typical asians too) :D
game-hours: 475.7
review: So Good This Game :)
game-hours: 1658.8
review: Feel dota 2 Power comes through you
game-hours: 3076.2
review: You wont like DotA2. You may be one of the millions of people that think you like it, already playing it and making it the single most popular game on Steam by a ridiculous margin, but thats only because you dont understand it. DotA2 is pure abstraction, complexity for the sake of complexity, and rule sets within rule sets that are broken at random. This game is so far removed from the theme of heroes with swords and spells clashing in combat that you might as well be playing a game of chinese whispers in a mental institution for the mathematically insane. Many of the subsystems only function the way they do now because of the limitations of the Warcraft 3 engine, while many others have been quietly modified for this sequel. This game is a triumph of accidental design that rewards memorization, social adroitness, deductive reasoning, and the ability to predict what other humans will do in a complex system that they do not understand. Ask yourself why you play games at all. Compare the aforementioned truths attributed to this game to your definition of fun. You see? I've just saved you a lot of time. This game wasnt made for you. It was made for me.
game-hours: 1985.7
review: Dota 2 forever
game-hours: 602.5
review: awesome game, fun to play
game-hours: 2367.3
review: Highest players in valve games
game-hours: 2458.3
review: best moba game ever 10/10
game-hours: 390.1
review: THE BEST LANGUAGE LEARNING TOOL ON THE INTERNET. LEARN TO SPEAK SPANISH, RUSSIAN, AND PORTUGUESE FOR THE LOW LOW PRICE OF YOUR SELF-ESTEEM AND FAITH IN OTHERS GET THIS FREE AS HECK GAME
game-hours: 886.1
review: Frankly, I preferred the original Defence of the Asians, but this is still a worthy crowd-control simulator.
game-hours: 1744.4
review: Best free game ever!
game-hours: 3429.6
review: Best game I have ever played.
game-hours: 1575.5
review: sequel for dota .. great gameplay .. steep learning curve .. best game ever
game-hours: 14.1
review: 10/10 league of legends of the decade.
game-hours: 475.5
review: This game is totally amazing and more easy to control than the old dota :)
game-hours: 917.8
review: :P
game-hours: 355.9
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 1116.3
review: Cool game
game-hours: 280.6
review: YES YES YES VERY GOOD GAME YES - Kuci Vupcarov
game-hours: 2726.8
review: (Y)
game-hours: 2810.9
review: The most fun I've had with a competitive game in years. The levels of strategy and depth DotA has to offer ensures that every player -- from novice to veteran -- can learn something new and continue to improve. The number of heroes, laning options and team compositions make for a different game every time. I love DotA and can't wait to to see it grow in popularity in the future.
game-hours: 1802.7
review: Best MOBA ever :) Thats all :) 10/10
game-hours: 1031.6
review: Awesome SIR
game-hours: 1675.1
review: fun and competitive game.. addicted
game-hours: 978.1
review: good game
game-hours: 754.7
review: Best game since my friend introduce it too me
game-hours: 792.4
review: A good game.
game-hours: 962.2
review: best game eva
game-hours: 1667.2
review: OMG NOOB TEAM REPORT REPORT
game-hours: 2645.7
review: Great game. I have been playing dota 1 in the old days and although the game is great, I found myself constantly complaining about the lag, network issues and lack of a community. However, dota 2 has solved all that and to my suprise, even improved on what I would have though would be the perfect game. However, becareful. Once you join Dota 2, there is no turning back. Be prepared to lose a bulk of your life.
game-hours: 1445.2
review: Currently ruining my social life. 9/10
game-hours: 853.0
review: best game ever
game-hours: 2385.7
review: One of the best language learning tools. Learn russian, polish, bulgarian, french, spanish and many more. ABSOLUTELY FREE ! (Quallity isn't good, but it's free!)
game-hours: 291.9
review: Better than Rosetta Stone if you want to learn Russian.
game-hours: 3031.7
review: Crazy, unfriendly to noobies , but emotions are too damn high.
game-hours: 1661.9
review: Help my mates win the TI ; Collect the items to make happy my sweety fawn  ; Play when the inspiration is coming ;
game-hours: 1207.8
review: nice
game-hours: 492.4
review: I haven't played this game that much but from what I have played, this game is really good. Game is a MOBA ARPG game. The objective is simple enough, destroy the opponent's Ancient which lies deep within their territory. Graphically speaking, the game is best in all the games out there for sure, very nice animations, looks of the heroes can be improved though, to me they look more like cartoons and I would like a realistic approach for them. Voice acting is nice as well, soundtrack can be improved. The best part of this game is that its not pay to win, all the items that you can get only alters your look in some way and not your performance in the game so no matter what weapon you are using. Be it vanilla or $10 weapon for a hero, it will do same damage to the opponent in all cases. I for one don't care much about Hero looks so its a big plus for me. All in all a very good and polished game. It also updates very frequently which is good and bad depending on your bandwidth. Must play for sure. :)
game-hours: 882.4
review: If you are interested in anything besides CoD, try it!
game-hours: 1779.0
review: he great frind and forgiven about the kill steal hahahaha :) and he have steam wallet
game-hours: 2631.0
review: Learn to speak Russian and/or Tagalog. 10/10
game-hours: 768.3
review: lol dota 2 has consumed my life. would not reccomend it to anyone who wants to be social
game-hours: 1372.9
review: the worst events ever
game-hours: 1.4
review: Its not bad for a game like League of Legends but seems like its too complex
game-hours: 868.8
review: typical game in dota 2: RussianPlayer:    ,        ,     ! everyone who isn't russian: ? everyone who isn't russian: speak english please RussianPlayer:  ,        ! (translated into russian with
game-hours: 3274.6
review: <---click here!)
game-hours: 1560.4
review: Do not play this game, you will become addicted and it will ruin your life.
game-hours: 1119.4
review: nc!! :D:D:D:D:D:D:D:
game-hours: 5.1
review: Sooner or later you will realize that no matter what language options you pick, or what servers you pick, you will be qued up with people who spamm the chat and voip with russian, spanish or portugese. As long as valve wont lock regions i would not recommend this game, as it will cause you more grief than fun.
game-hours: 762.4
review: .
game-hours: 903.7
review: Dota 2 prefectly inherited the play style and cs feeling of Dota. The game flows pretty well with the new visual upgrade and getting rid of the old Warcraft3 system, it's entirely a nice try. However, it is an embarrassing situation Dota 2 and its Valve behind it are facing: first, the same old problem of Dota-it's just too hard for new players to play, even a seasoned player of Warcraft3 find it pretty hard and need months of practicing to become an ordinary player, not to mention those young players who never touched Warcraft3 before; second, for old Dota players, the old and familiar sound of each hero vanquishes, instead are newly created heroes that lack the lore backup them from Warcraft, I don't know how other old gamers feel about it, to me, it's a completely different game, lost the contest by his young and more energetic grandson--League of Legends. Sorry to say, but the golden age of Dota has faded. Dota 2 is merely a replacement of the greater past. When we play it, what haunts in our head are "The night beckons.""Us here to obey.""I'm here, as always." No...not really, you are not always here. Farewell.
game-hours: 903.7
review: Dota 2 prefectly inherited the play style and cs feeling of Dota. The game flows pretty well with the new visual upgrade and getting rid of the old Warcraft3 system, it's entirely a nice try. However, it is an embarrassing situation Dota 2 and its Valve behind it are facing: first, the same old problem of Dota-it's just too hard for new players to play, even a seasoned player of Warcraft3 find it pretty hard and need months of practicing to become an ordinary player, not to mention those young players who never touched Warcraft3 before; second, for old Dota players, the old and familiar sound of each hero vanquishes, instead are newly created heroes that lack the lore backup them from Warcraft, I don't know how other old gamers feel about it, to me, it's a completely different game, lost the contest by his young and more energetic grandson--League of Legends. Sorry to say, but the golden age of Dota has faded. Dota 2 is merely a replacement of the greater past. When we play it, what haunts in our head are "The night beckons.""Us here to obey.""I'm here, as always." No...not really, you are not always here. Farewell.
game-hours: 2305.6
review: This game once was a legend. Now ,when its free-to-play and every noob ,pasing by, can play it, DotA became another piece of trash of MOBA genre.
game-hours: 1645.0
review: Allah
game-hours: 0.2
review: cause its gay jks idk
game-hours: 8.2
review: Half of the time, you get stuck with people who rage at you, afk, speak russian or some other language you probably dont speak, or claim to be "professional dota 2 players". Overall, dota is a better game then dota 2.
game-hours: 12.0
review: I only recommend this game based on the FACT that this is the most generous Free2Play title you're ever going to find. The amount of content and support here is insane. There's a reason why seemingly millions of people play this game for years on end. Chances are, you'll like it if you're looking for a free game. But if you're looking for a free game, chances are you're young, unemployed, with tons of time to kill, which is what most of the fanbase here is. It also happens to be the only kind of person who can LEARN this game properly. You'll need months and hundreds of hours before you're any good. I want to say that, besides all that, it's a great game, but I can't. I've dabbled in DOTA when it was just starting to get attention. It was the only reason I installed Warcraft 3 a second time. My overall distaste for RTS games is actually not a factor here, as DOTA has very little in common with the game it was built on top of. No, my problem with the game is almost every core mechanic it expects you to learn is not fun at all to implement into your sessions. I disagree completely with the tasks at hand that are in every MOBA out there. I don't like the pointless, constant, neverending flow of creeps. I don't like how everything is a race to earn EXP at the fastest rate instead of using actual tactics, and if you die or leave the proximity of a fight for 60 seconds, you'll never catch up to the enemy leveling so you better just give up. The item shops are super convoluted and have nonsensical upgrade paths. I don't like the ESSENTIAL systems of "last hits" and "denying", as they make no god damned sense. Killing your own infantry so that the enemy doesn't get the EXP is LUDICROUS! It's the dumbest videogame logic I have ever witnessed and I can't get behind it. If all this stupid crap were removed, I feel like we would be left with a fun game, but perhaps that game has already been done elsewhere, like the PVP arena battles in Guild Wars. I just feel like if this were simplified down to heroes battling each other directly with their core abilities, I'd have a good time. It's so beautiful. So well crafted. So much innovation in the networking features. Presentation is tops. Epic as all hell. Everything you could want. It's a shame that all this is pasted onto a core game that is incredibly busted and dumb.
game-hours: 869.6
review: fuker dota 2 why always got some porblem !!!! why today cant in the game .? plssssss server ur problem !!!!
game-hours: 149.1
review: this sucks
game-hours: 2.6
review: Tacos
game-hours: 512.6
review: Dota 2 is a good game. When you start to play it will be very difficult to stop. So if you have a job and responsibilities and can only solo play, you might want to pass on this game and find something else.
game-hours: 0.7
review: Rip off of demigod sucks
game-hours: 1114.8
review: game. 700 hours played. Almost 200+ matches played without abandonment.  game askes for update during the year of the beast in the middle of my game making my game go from 60fps to 3 fps. Close client to reopen to fix  lag from the update. ing  game tells me that I can't connect because the dota 2 network is taking a piss on Volvo. ing  game now gives me low priority for ing a network fail on their end. I quit. KBI.
game-hours: 0.1
review: ...
game-hours: 1208.2
review: the game is fun, to bad in general everyone sucks
game-hours: 1395.8
review: Do not play this game unless you have already been playing it for 2 years or more. As a new player YOU WILL get matched against players with 2000 games or more experience, and YOU WILL get matched with players who have 100 games or less even after years of playing, and no matter how good or bad you are YOU WILL STILL LOSE about 50% of the time unless you have 4 more friends who play with you every game. This game is JUST AS BAD as LoL and HoN in every aspect. PEOPLE WILL rage quit, go afk, feed on purpose, give up after first blood. The game is so well balanced most games will have 1 team with LESS THAN 50% of the other teams score, NOT JUST IN KILLS, but in experience and gold earned also. If you are thinking of switching to DOTA 2 from LoL or HoN, DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME, it is the same game with the same issues and you will be 2 years behind the learning curve. If you have never played a MOBA before, DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME, more experienced DOTA 2 players will just treat you like garbage for your first 300-500 games and make you want to not play.
game-hours: 21.8
review: Biggest piece of  ever. Ride to Hell: Retribution and Alien Colonial Marines was better than this. -10/10
game-hours: 1663.6
review: slow piece of , just play LoL like the pros
game-hours: 3782.4
review: this game is so good but these days it become so boring because of : 1- to much lagg 2- many russian ppl ( noobs ) 3- dc every single match *i hope you guyz to fix some problems in that game thanks for reading .
game-hours: 645.9
review: Piece of crap  game that sucks so much balls that your eyes becomes ballsacks, now with SK removed this game is nothing, and has nothing to offer and thus it shall not be played.  YOU VALVE EAT MY  AND SUCK MY BALLS.
game-hours: 1770.1
review: bull
game-hours: 17.7
review: Bad
game-hours: 22.9
review: No
game-hours: 42.0
review: I'm not a huge fan of MOBA's, but I do enjoy League of Legends very much and iv'e played Smite when it first came out. Like most MOBA's, the community can be cruel and insane at times, torching you for the simplest mistakes. Neat and interesting abilities that can be even complicated the first time you use them, this game has a lot of replay, giving you the choice to play many many heroes. Unless you like competition and a fierce community, stay away from Dota and try LoL or another MOBA, but you should still give it a try, play a bot game or two and feel the game. No Pay 2 Win as its a official steam game, and a very successful one. You can earn and buy costumes and cosmetics through playing the game and buying them with real money. If you feel up to it, you can also trade unwanted cosmetics for ones you want through the steam trading system. Personal Rating: 3.5/5
game-hours: 0.4
review: Of the time I've played of this game, 97% of it was me being downstairs waiting in menus. Awful if you don't know Russian or if you're not a 10-year-old American kid who likes to shout at his parents. GG Dota 2.
game-hours: 4922.2
review: 0/10 cant win
game-hours: 1678.0
review: Don't
game-hours: 3.5
review: Pretty dumb, stolen straight from Warcraft 3 MODs
game-hours: 1429.7
review: yes this game are so fully fantastic awesome me...
game-hours: 1742.5
review: The best choise for no-lifers :D
game-hours: 1725.0
review: In the past I've been addicted and enjoyed games like Counter-Strike, World Of WarCraft, BioShock, Halo, GTA.. For 2014 the game I have already dedicated about 300+ rounds of play to is DOTA2. If you're a fan of team vs team games; This is the game to play. I'd love to play this game professionally in tournament style and make my way into The International - DOTA2's highest paying tournament for millions of dollars.
game-hours: 1574.5
review: The best game on PC right now is free??? SAY WHAAAA?! You can sell rare drops that you get just for playing?! SAY WHAAAA?! You sold a rare courier for 90$ and actually made a profit off this game?! SAY WHAAAA?! LOL if you really are reading this review and haven't started downloading it yet... You my friend.. Are a idiot! Download now!
game-hours: 238.9
review: gg
game-hours: 669.1
review: Dota2 Is <3
game-hours: 270.0
review: very nyc game
game-hours: 1462.8
review: very interesting game.. its not only MOBA its DOTA.. 10/10
game-hours: 1080.9
review: sss
game-hours: 859.7
review: Buy it if you are sadomasochist who likes losing because the enemy team is a 5 man premade or because your team is full of Peruvians who keep pinging the map for 30 minutes.
game-hours: 2894.9
review: Awesome if you want to have no life pretty much ever again... Takes a long time to get used to but once you do? You'll wish you never did.
game-hours: 236.8
review: players are hostile jerks if you don't do something right or know exactly what to do, So new players beware old players are jerk and will behave like childern and throw and trantrum rather than help you.
game-hours: 2078.1
review: cyka !
game-hours: 1852.2
review: prefect game!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1375.0
review: nice
game-hours: 838.2
review: Best Game Ever! \m/
game-hours: 1234.6
review: i dunno what shoul i say>_< hihi
game-hours: 1997.4
review: This game has ruined my life, I would recommend to everyone.
game-hours: 528.2
review: forget about it i am dead
game-hours: 221.1
review: 10/10 BEST RUSSIAN HATE SIMULATOR EVER!
game-hours: 2715.9
review: Best game EVER!!
game-hours: 1325.9
review: This game is awesome
game-hours: 714.0
review: Best way to learn anger management, or maybe worsen it. 420/10 would play.
game-hours: 2634.0
review: Addicted -.-
game-hours: 2402.9
review: best game ever
game-hours: 2302.3
review: cool
game-hours: 801.6
review: Buy starting items, Stick in line, Get the last hit from Creeps and earn money, upgrade Items, get ready to Fight~
game-hours: 3030.3
review: Addicted to not just the game.. but the trading aspect of it.. ArgGhHHhhhh Don't try this game unless you want to be hooked .. like by Pudge's hook and be Dismembered forever...
game-hours: 326.9
review: This game is dumb. No charm of the original WC3 game. Models are outdated, buggy, and sometimes just boring. LIttle to no equipment for other heroes, while some have 6 different sets. Will literally make you rage and wish you could kill a man with nothing but your bare hands. But this game will also bring you close to your friends. Like, that special gay close. Like so close to your friend who picks CM every game for you and you just wanna stroke his ear and say, "Thanks baby, I wanna do something special for you now." still the game sucks. I hate it. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 767.4
review: great game
game-hours: 2021.3
review: great game
game-hours: 3125.7
review: epic,addictive game and enjoyable when playing with my mates but literally ed up when play mmr solo match *cough
game-hours: 717.7
review: Love this game its my fav game and i will tell you that ITS AWESOME
game-hours: 1309.5
review: Great game, bad community. If you want to try this without playing dota 1 I suggest reading guides first before going for pub games or prepare to get flamed really badly.
game-hours: 2183.4
review: good
game-hours: 1909.0
review: 11/10 best game on steam :p
game-hours: 1497.6
review: When the Russians start World War 3, Gaben will just disable Doto for Russia and a whole male generation will riot in the streets, throwing Putin from his throne and ensuring complete global . literally league of lesbians
game-hours: 1586.2
review: ^_^
game-hours: 2555.9
review: good
game-hours: 1498.0
review: A wonderous 5 lane world of 20 kill supports, 1 v 5 heroics and lost russians. Each game guarantee's: -A noob who does exactly the opposite of what the team suggests, this is a great time to practise reverse psychology. -At least some form of Russian, be it english players that enjoy their newly learned dialect or a "Genuine player of Russia" who due to their 3rd world conditions are obviously too famished to actually play the game properly. -A pudge pro that insists on mid and then deems it a great time to showcase exactly how not to attempt to hook players for all of 27 minutes while the other steam rolls you entirely. -A support with a Dagon. With numerous repetition of the line "BUT I THOUGHT HE WAS GETTING AWAY" while he is now 4 levels above the Medusa right next to him. In summary this game will make you very... very... angry. A lot of the time. I can't go a single day without playing it.
game-hours: 388.1
review: The MOBA equivalent of getting kicked in the , repeatedly, for hours on end, until little remains of what could resemble genitalia. However, the truly astonishing part, is that this wasn't torture, but done through your own volition; you wanted to made miserable. Hell, you probably paid for it a little. Every game brings such traumatic pain and anguish, this game should be considered a war crime. Psychologists have analyzed why DOTA players put themselves through this kind of Hell, and all tests have come up inconclusive. This game has caused the perpetual virginity of thousands of people. Friendships have been ruined, careers lost, and marriages have ended, all because of this game. Dear God, get rid off this awful blight on humanity. Only the dead can know peace from this evil... 10/10 I recommend this game to all my friends!
game-hours: 685.5
review: When I first started DOTA 2 my brain had downs, I had no idea what I was doing at all... But I soon started to pick up the mechanics like last hitting and denying and the learning the heroes (All heroes are free!). Before I knew it, I was performing better and better. I focused and kept learning little by little and BINGO! I got pretty good. You will encounter a lot foreigners good or bad but most of them can understand english. There's a lot of great people in the game and some are trolls and jerks but it's fun . I recommend this game for everybody! If you play LoL stop, unistall, and play dota 2. That game is canerous especially it's community has grown to filth I played since 2009 it was a great MOBA for many years until this game came out and perfected the orignal one(Warcraft III Mod). It's really hard at first I know that but give it a try and learn.
game-hours: 2029.8
review: nice
game-hours: 232.6
review: I can say that this game is kind a good. I really love it and i continue playing it. I think every gamer who like strategy and mmo rpg games will love this game. So many things to do and learn, so meany characters and items, so many item builds. However you can see a lot of awesome animations and effects. You can explore the map at day and night. Also this game is not pay to win like other games, You just pay for character appearance ( if you would like ). I was a LoL gamer but when i tryed Dota 2 i thought that i left 5 years of playing kiddy game. This is an EPIC game with a lot of PVP and PVE and TM ( TeamWork). My rate is 10/10
game-hours: 1575.4
review: good
game-hours: 454.7
review: i like
game-hours: 733.8
review: A GooD Continue Of DotA ... Has Better Graphic Visuals With Better Gameplay and Light Textures and 100% AweSome Music . ReCommend ;)
game-hours: 337.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 4037.5
review: Best. Game. Ever.
game-hours: 2433.5
review: u cant even jump bad gaem rebort for noob
game-hours: 1438.9
review: This Game Is The best =)
game-hours: 13.2
review: I suck at it so you should too
game-hours: 454.8
review: This will provide hours of strategic, action packed, multiplayer glory!
game-hours: 294.4
review: Nice Game (y)
game-hours: 3843.4
review: best game of the year
game-hours: 1436.0
review: Overall a great, and fun game to play.
game-hours: 1375.5
review: worst game ever.
game-hours: 3258.5
review: great game :)
game-hours: 2456.3
review: Good game
game-hours: 1840.3
review: Yes, if you wish to be a pro in multitasking, concentration and fast brain functioning. You MUST get this game as it helps to improve your brain to work a lot faster. There will be some PINOYS and RUSSIANS to eat your brain, but you'll be fine if you protect your brain and use it in proper way to win the match. HAVE FUN!
game-hours: 1683.5
review: Awesome \(o.O)/
game-hours: 2271.0
review: Teamwork, teamwork, and teamwork. All there is to it. Also, it is better than LoL.
game-hours: 1768.5
review: so good
game-hours: 2793.3
review: good game
game-hours: 880.6
review: I like DOTA 2
game-hours: 147.5
review: Good
game-hours: 1310.4
review: Nyelesaikno misi steam
game-hours: 4253.9
review: If you want to have a life, don't play this game. This thing is more addicting than crack and will turn you into a racist.
game-hours: 3641.4
review: This game improved so much since it was released on the beta. There are over 90 heroes to choose from currently and the gamplay is as intence and as rewarding as DOTA 1. I know alot of people will be hesitant to try it at first but there has been a new tutorial system implemented in DOTA 2 and I think it will help new comers. I know some people who play LOL might bash in this game, but both games are compleatly different. Its like comparing COD and Battlefield, they are so different that connot be compared. (no preference on either game, I think bot of them are good) Give this game a try, the learning curve is very steep but it is rewarding when you learn. I think this is the best gave valve has ever developed and has been the most played game on steam ever since the second year of beta development. Try it out, its free and badass,A great PvP game that offers some of the most intriguing and nuanced team combat around. The Best Game Ever
game-hours: 226.0
review: One of the best games you could ever play...all for the price of free. Make sure to give this one a go.
game-hours: 1190.4
review: one of the game which makes you want to play again and again, crafting new skills from different heros with each class and skills .. building new items build changing the play style of each heros and the game
game-hours: 4301.8
review: BEST GAME EVER HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
game-hours: 3898.1
review: ha humm
game-hours: 311.5
review: Nice!!!
game-hours: 1427.4
review: An awesome game.. High learning curb, but once you get the basics, you just can't stop playing! It's a challenging, but very rewarding game!
game-hours: 827.1
review: i lvoe this game
game-hours: 36.7
review: This Game Is awsome anybody can play!!!
game-hours: 559.3
review: Heart<3
game-hours: 614.9
review: Hard Game lolzzzz...
game-hours: 1080.5
review: zzz
game-hours: 1495.2
review: Dota 2 is one of the best game now. game that use teamwork and individual skill. all of emotions fill in this game. but this game truly not for children. coz,this game need consentration,comunication,skill and controled emotions. For me this game suitable for teenagers to adult.
game-hours: 404.2
review: I like Dota2
game-hours: 3001.8
review: This game will take up your life, and spit it out in a chewy residue on the floor. Not that it's a bad thing, I suppose it depends on what floats your boat. Just make sure you remember that it's Pete's fault for not RNG'ing hard enough on Axe, and buyback is stupid. Get this game.
game-hours: 1465.5
review: a
game-hours: 515.7
review: Good strategic game! Fun and it doesn't get repetitive! How something as simple as going up and down 3 lanes and destroying the same buildings every game DOES NOT GET BORING! One of the best game of its type! This game was only just a custom map on Warcraft III, now it's one of the most played game in the entire world and the most prize pool winnings for tournaments for any game in any world! Defense Of The Ancients 2!
game-hours: 523.0
review: ff
game-hours: 340.7
review: very fun
game-hours: 593.1
review: Quite interesting and fun
game-hours: 1629.1
review: cool
game-hours: 2244.6
review: WOW
game-hours: 2962.2
review: this game is good
game-hours: 327.7
review: Wow this is one of the best games ive played if you like strategic games this is definetly one for you im only a beginner at this game but wow so far this game is awsome and ive played my far share of games .
game-hours: 1520.5
review: I love Dota 2 :D
game-hours: 401.0
review: The best Free to Play ever.. recently got addicted after uninstalling this game for about 5 times :P
game-hours: 514.1
review: THIS GAME GOOOD!
game-hours: 1643.9
review: enjoyyy
game-hours: 472.8
review: This game will bring out the true gamer in you. It's challenging and easy at the same time. If you like games that let you choose how you like to play, this is the game for you.
game-hours: 134.9
review: Cool game !
game-hours: 2938.7
review: This game has destroyed my life. This game is a monster. Somehow all your time vanishes. You will find yourself needing Monster. Shanti Shanti, Om
game-hours: 1837.3
review: Good Game have Fun
game-hours: 2516.6
review: HANDSOME boy
game-hours: 1048.3
review: This isn't a F2P title , you pay for it with your life You're going to miss school days , classes , family gatherings , reunions 10/10 !
game-hours: 3498.5
review: If you're into MOBAs, and you like it hardcore, then DOTA is your choice. Skill is all you need to be good in this game! Kappa
game-hours: 2315.1
review: Youll never be able to play enough Dota 2 to totally master it, and although its an F2P game it can be too cruel and unusual for some. But persist through the tough start and accept the idiosyncrasies, and youll start to understand why so many have stuck with it for more than a decade. Why would they need something new when theyve got this incredibly deep, rewarding multiplayer experience? Rating: 9.9
game-hours: 868.4
review: Nice game forever
game-hours: 4193.4
review: Dota!!!
game-hours: 1526.1
review: awesome !
game-hours: 1277.5
review: IDK i just the best game i've ever played
game-hours: 247.1
review: is bananas
game-hours: 1743.1
review: Awesome Game.
game-hours: 117.5
review: <3
game-hours: 2867.0
review: This game ruined my life. I am not even kidding. i give it 10 stars out of 5.
game-hours: 3539.1
review: EPIC
game-hours: 603.8
review: please remove this ing low priority
game-hours: 1464.5
review: i liek dis gaem
game-hours: 522.4
review: Great skillful and challenging game you should only play this game though if u are very patient like i but it is still such an magnificent game
game-hours: 1992.3
review: Dota 2 is so good game ever who i playing every day
game-hours: 292.2
review: wow ! an awesome game i'd say !
game-hours: 717.2
review: Addictive game, never thought I'd end up playing Dota, I gave it a try and have spent hours on it. Probably one of my favourite games, it also has a cool community and all the events are amazing and fun to play. Suggest you give it a try.
game-hours: 394.0
review: Much win So skill Very Xp
game-hours: 3307.3
review: Addictive.
game-hours: 3968.9
review: The best competitive game in the world
game-hours: 315.2
review: Well created and fun to play.
game-hours: 1678.5
review: Never thought I'd enjoy playing a game where other players continuously ask me to develop some form of cancer and then burn in a fire for securing a kill.
game-hours: 2804.0
review: Best game ever made
game-hours: 2720.2
review: Come on! Guys, Let's fight!
game-hours: 3941.0
review: Niceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
game-hours: 2993.9
review: nice
game-hours: 1802.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 811.1
review: ouzoum
game-hours: 3898.6
review: awesome Game ;)
game-hours: 4483.4
review: yes
game-hours: 581.9
review: hay vi lun
game-hours: 664.8
review: this game can be really fun sometimes other times i hate myself for playing it at all
game-hours: 1110.4
review: uuuuuggggghhhhhhhh
game-hours: 1507.2
review: this game wrecked my social life ! good games for teamwork
game-hours: 1286.9
review: yes because it is fun to play :D
game-hours: 458.3
review: Coooolllll!!!!
game-hours: 1163.8
review: Amazing game oppinion wise i think it is way better than lol.
game-hours: 958.0
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 178.2
review: This game made me have no friends, which is okay. I guess. But not really.
game-hours: 1857.8
review: Its an awesome game and addictive while making our skills more nice then ever
game-hours: 978.2
review: DO YOU LIKE RIGHT CLICKING? DO YOU ENJOY THE FIRST 4 LETTERS ON YOUR KEYBOARD? DO YOU LOVE FEELING UTTERLY HOPELESS AND LOST FOR HOURS UPON HOURS AS YOU TRY TO LEARN WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON? DO YOU LOVE RUSSIANS? If you answered yes to any of the above questions then this game was essentially made for you. Now I could spend hours verbally blowing this game and telling you all the reasons you should play it and love it or you can just download it yourself you lazy sod and learn why it's the most played game on steam.
game-hours: 549.9
review: It's a bad game, full of bad people who will yell and scream at you for the slightest error. There's bugs a plenty, clanstackers in pub matches, alt accounts stomping new players in to the dust for  and giggles. Yet I can't stay away from it...
game-hours: 3177.4
review: best game so far
game-hours: 1510.8
review: this game ruined my life 10/10 goty it burned my eyes would recommend exciting (read: enraging) experience
game-hours: 1097.4
review: I really had a fun time playing this event. Small map area but it was challenging and fast paced.
game-hours: 86.0
review: how do i recall?
game-hours: 458.4
review: Love this game. if you dont like this go die.
game-hours: 3712.1
review: ye
game-hours: 1676.0
review: PRO
game-hours: 347.2
review: Is good
game-hours: 1740.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 3280.8
review: best game to play stoned! :P
game-hours: 2684.0
review: very good
game-hours: 3095.8
review: Dota. Dota. Dota, Dota, Dota Dota Dota Dota. What do you know about Dota? I know that it's the best competitive teamplay game in existance. Fun may or may not be found there, but once you get good, sure as hell you will have satisfaction from outplaying these pesky Queen of Pain and Invoker with your Earth Spirit or rampaging through the enemy team in Chronosphere as a Void who was allowed to farm for a little too long. You will have fun sometimes. You will get mad. You will get mad a lot. And you'll love it. 11/10 would sell my soul for.
game-hours: 1487.0
review: Verni Nice Game!
game-hours: 441.9
review: Best game ever. Nothing to say anymore
game-hours: 645.0
review: One of the best Esport games in history. A lot of people have problems with it's steep learning curve. It'll be hard for really long time to compete with veterans but it's an Esport game so that's what you should expect from games of this type. Also prepare for flaming from Russians. They think everyone know their language so they select all servers to 'communicate' with wider range of people.
game-hours: 1763.5
review: Cool Games, Try it !
game-hours: 3729.1
review: ok iyi
game-hours: 806.4
review: A greatest game that i never played before~
game-hours: 1387.2
review: the grapic is so cool and all the hero is so odd!
game-hours: 262.9
review: A game in which you must protect some really old thing. Not much else I can say about this game.
game-hours: 650.2
review: Good
game-hours: 731.6
review: a fun and really a great strategy game tht will make u drop ur jaw n not sleep for a week ^^
game-hours: 1257.6
review: This game is amazing! After seeing my brother playing Dota 2, I immediately bought myself a higher spec computer and PC gaming gear just to play it! Seeing Dota 2 was the whole reason I signed up to Steam in the first place! The game is extremely unique and original, with a host of amazing characters. The replay ability is amazing and neverending. I would very much recommend this game to anybody and everybody!
game-hours: 1208.1
review: a nice game :D
game-hours: 872.0
review: ^_^ highly recommended
game-hours: 4025.0
review: try this game. :)
game-hours: 706.5
review: THIS GAME IS VERY GOOD TO PLAY IF YOU KNOW WHAT YOU ARE DOING.this game requires a lot of team work to win and a little nit brain and patience
game-hours: 642.3
review: nice game .. keep it up !
game-hours: 593.4
review: :D
game-hours: 1099.9
review: just play it and you will love it its that simple my friend :)
game-hours: 2151.6
review: mmhmmm
game-hours: 997.1
review: Great game :D
game-hours: 0.7
review: NICE GAME
game-hours: 439.9
review: DOTA 2 is FUN and Addictive as Always. It's hard and really needs to give effort to be able to play decently
game-hours: 1507.8
review: Fun And Nice to Play
game-hours: 2009.2
review: Yes, Steam, yes I do recommend this very awesome game.
game-hours: 3915.8
review: Play for fun. I'm so cute.
game-hours: 3445.5
review: .
game-hours: 2548.4
review: Best Game in Steam! <3
game-hours: 59.9
review: ursa
game-hours: 168.2
review: A little frustrating at the begning as you team up with different kinds of people. Find a few friends and communicate together to get the best experience
game-hours: 3900.8
review: good games
game-hours: 776.3
review: A great game to think that it only started as a mod ^^ Played it at the time, still playing, one of my favourite games ever. + Teaches teamwork. + Recuires multitasking, map awarnes, calling misses, ETC. + Great to play with friends, makes losing actually still quite fun (as long as you are not curp stomped). + Fun way to meet new people ;D - Takes a lot of your time, why? Addictive as hell... - Like all MOBA games (even this the great ancestor) community can be quite punishing. - Steep learning mountain to climb.
game-hours: 1932.1
review: This game make titans cry and babies grow facial hair. Before you can properly assess this game, you must first climb the highest mountain while your consciousness is implanted into a robot at the bottom of the sea. The moment you realize the gold that this game achieves is the very same moment that you become one with the greater knowledge, so please wrap yourself in this higher power by becoming one with the Dota 2.
game-hours: 2096.9
review: if ur thinkign about playing this game ing dont seriouly
game-hours: 2544.4
review: wow, this game made me a better understanding of the game for adults. is dota 2
game-hours: 1791.2
review: so good game
game-hours: 1421.2
review: Nice. Nice. Nice. NO. Very Nice.
game-hours: 1527.4
review: Best Game Ever!!
game-hours: 2054.4
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 4924.0
review: Best game ever made on this ing planet! GO VALVE! U ROCK!
game-hours: 1064.5
review: Ben raged a lot and then I raged a lot. 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 162.5
review: awesome :3
game-hours: 166.7
review: 1231312312313123
game-hours: 3319.3
review: Get it. It is free, it is fun, it is worth the time it takes to learn to play.
game-hours: 990.4
review: :D
game-hours: 1311.0
review: Dota2 is a gateway game of the worst kind. It's a bad game, a cluster of story and characterization that isn't very well done by any aspect, but which attempts to compensate for its weaknesses by adding in excessive waifu ry and DARKNESS. The normal gamer can see this as the  it is, and may enjoy it, hate it or be indifferent to it, but all the while recognizing that the game itself, regardless of their opinion, is plain bad. However, these very aspects that try to smear over the  of its core make it a breeding ground for aspie, unsociable underageb& s who engage in every kind of ry both online and in the real world. The superpowered characters all trying their hardest to look cool, the abilities, peculiar, colorful clothes, the whole hero ry and everything about the Dota world fuels their escapist fantasies, while the pity-party character backgrounds, emphasis on revenge, and overall preachiness of the game make it fit just right with the mary-sueish drives of your average preteen and his sense of unwarranted self-importance towards the world. Exactly the kind of  that makes little kiddies and underageb&  eat this  right the  up. Dota is basically THE series to attract the most hated game fanbase known to steam, which is why, regardless of individual opinions, it is the responsibility of every gamer to troll the  out of this game and everyone who likes it, and ensure that no Dota threads ever encourage the newfriends to show their faces here. In short: 10/10 game, would buy again.
game-hours: 238.0
review: Nice game. Very interesting.
game-hours: 226.5
review: wew !
game-hours: 1190.4
review: one of the game which makes you want to play again and again, crafting new skills from different heros with each class and skills .. building new items build changing the play style of each heros and the game
game-hours: 4302.5
review: BEST GAME EVER HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
game-hours: 3898.6
review: ha humm
game-hours: 311.5
review: Nice!!!
game-hours: 1427.4
review: An awesome game.. High learning curb, but once you get the basics, you just can't stop playing! It's a challenging, but very rewarding game!
game-hours: 827.1
review: i lvoe this game
game-hours: 36.7
review: This Game Is awsome anybody can play!!!
game-hours: 559.3
review: Heart<3
game-hours: 614.9
review: Hard Game lolzzzz...
game-hours: 1080.5
review: zzz
game-hours: 1495.2
review: Dota 2 is one of the best game now. game that use teamwork and individual skill. all of emotions fill in this game. but this game truly not for children. coz,this game need consentration,comunication,skill and controled emotions. For me this game suitable for teenagers to adult.
game-hours: 404.2
review: I like Dota2
game-hours: 3001.8
review: This game will take up your life, and spit it out in a chewy residue on the floor. Not that it's a bad thing, I suppose it depends on what floats your boat. Just make sure you remember that it's Pete's fault for not RNG'ing hard enough on Axe, and buyback is stupid. Get this game.
game-hours: 1465.5
review: a
game-hours: 515.7
review: Good strategic game! Fun and it doesn't get repetitive! How something as simple as going up and down 3 lanes and destroying the same buildings every game DOES NOT GET BORING! One of the best game of its type! This game was only just a custom map on Warcraft III, now it's one of the most played game in the entire world and the most prize pool winnings for tournaments for any game in any world! Defense Of The Ancients 2!
game-hours: 523.0
review: ff
game-hours: 340.7
review: very fun
game-hours: 593.1
review: Quite interesting and fun
game-hours: 1629.1
review: cool
game-hours: 2244.6
review: WOW
game-hours: 2516.6
review: HANDSOME boy
game-hours: 1048.3
review: This isn't a F2P title , you pay for it with your life You're going to miss school days , classes , family gatherings , reunions 10/10 !
game-hours: 3498.5
review: If you're into MOBAs, and you like it hardcore, then DOTA is your choice. Skill is all you need to be good in this game! Kappa
game-hours: 2315.1
review: Youll never be able to play enough Dota 2 to totally master it, and although its an F2P game it can be too cruel and unusual for some. But persist through the tough start and accept the idiosyncrasies, and youll start to understand why so many have stuck with it for more than a decade. Why would they need something new when theyve got this incredibly deep, rewarding multiplayer experience? Rating: 9.9
game-hours: 868.4
review: Nice game forever
game-hours: 4193.4
review: Dota!!!
game-hours: 1526.1
review: awesome !
game-hours: 3350.0
review: looks like i cant press yes"
game-hours: 1381.0
review: The best game in the history of gaming, LoL can go suck a big, black d***.
game-hours: 732.1
review: veri jees
game-hours: 928.1
review: I remember the first time I played a MOBA; back in Starcraft, playing AoS which was later re-made in Warcraft. Aeon of Strife, AOS, that's how we came to know games of its like. Afterwards, Tides of Blood popularized the custom map variant and the original Dota and it's ilk *About 100 different or so versions of it* spammed the custom map channels. Until All Stars came in and swept the competitions. Now we see Dota 2 here, nearly a decade later and I have to say... It's even better than it was back then. The balance now is impeccable (Not withstanding popular competitive picks), the community is friendlier (Than LoL or HoN's to say the least) and although more complex than its competitors, the game gives you everything from the start. It's a difficult game to be sure, but as a RTS-RPG hybrid, it contains depths of strategy, tactical complexity, and split-second reflex gameplay that is sure to delight and impress any gamer. Dota 2 is a highly polished e-sport designed to draw in and awe. Is it perfect? No. Is it good? You bet. For those of you who don't know what Dota 2 is, Dota is a mobile online battle arena, otherwise known as MOBA. You control a singular hero and play in a team of five heroes, who's task is to protect their ancient (home base) all while laying siege to the enemy ancient. The team who destroys the opposing ancient, wins the game. In conclusion, I highly recommend anyone to check this game out. You won't be disappointed.
game-hours: 940.4
review: Great game, not comparable to LoL at all, the entire play feels different. Good strategic game, nice heros, some OP, some not -- learn to counter. Russians are a problem, but you get over it eventually... and yeah, let's hope you have some strong friends because after this you'll be screaming their head off. But who am I kidding, if you're playing this, you don't have friends.
game-hours: 1088.2
review: nice
game-hours: 3801.2
review: best game!
game-hours: 3498.0
review: Dota 2 - Multiple Language Simulator
game-hours: 828.2
review: if you rage quickly,i recomend getting a steel mouse and keyboard.
game-hours: 389.3
review: It's an amazing game - technically outstanding, showing all of Valve's usual polish and attention to detail, especially in the all-important multiplayer aspects. The continual balance tweaks and new heroes combined with the vast amount of content in the game offer countless hours of enjoyment. It's hard to master but good wins with your teammates are incredibly satisfying. It took me a long time to warm up to, but I'm helplessly addicted and every day look forward to getting home to fire this up with my friends. If you can spare the time - play it.
game-hours: 785.7
review: nice
game-hours: 316.8
review: 2 hrs played, accused of being , a feeder, and a
game-hours: 2523.3
review: this is my best game on PC .
game-hours: 1588.0
review: volvo uninstall dota pls
game-hours: 1249.2
review: Its more fun in dota 2
game-hours: 2033.9
review: One of the best game ive ever played
game-hours: 691.1
review: Amazing game. Great to play with lots of friends in 5 person steam calls. There is a bit of a learning curve but once you get over that its awesome
game-hours: 515.3
review: Anger Management Simulator 2013
game-hours: 4743.0
review: elcteric
game-hours: 2491.0
review: Dota 2 is one of the deepest and most interesting games that I have ever played. Sure it's difficult to learn, but once you've grasped the basics, Dota will provide hours upon hours of entertainment. The learning curve is undeniably steep and the community unforgiving of your mistakes, but the game itself is worth the pain. I highly recommend learning Dota 2 with a friend-it will be much more enjoyable. On the question of LoL or Dota: Both games are great and I recommend you to start the game that your friends are playing. After all, MOBAs are team games, not solo efforts.
game-hours: 608.4
review: I wouldn't recommend this game. After a huger then huge learning curve, you will log in, be online, and  up our matches, because you suck. After proving you suck, we will still have to play with your noob  for at least 30 mins. So you will get hated on. You will get reported, you will be in waiting queues forever. After about half a year you might grow some ing sense and skills to play decent, but I doubt it, and even then you'd be no match compared to the OG's.. So, stick to CSS dude, go play TF2, have a nice Portal experience or something... Just keep away from this game, it'll damage you beyond repair, and you will intoxicate our DOTA2 experience, and besides that, your just too dumb. Now get lost. Move!
game-hours: 8.8
review: i am afraid of leaving my home because some russian said that he will do things to me and my family where should i call for help? gabe? :((( i'm only 11 please respond
game-hours: 680.5
review: The game that promotes teamwork but also russia 11/10 Would Bang Again
game-hours: 1172.3
review: Fun!
game-hours: 825.2
review: Addicting, and fun. But when i set my Preferences, as ENGLISH. I don't want to have a full team of Russians. Also when i level up, please don't give me rubbish common items, for Morphling. Thanks <3
game-hours: 1814.7
review: ITSSSSS ADICTEDDDDDD CANTSTOP PLAYING THISSSSS
game-hours: 502.9
review: ZXCV
game-hours: 2.6
review: I'm sorry I don't have the time to play this game to get good at it, and I don't like it. This is a opinion review, you might like it...
game-hours: 1356.5
review: -_-
game-hours: 797.1
review: wew
game-hours: 2574.1
review: i like this Game because i like .. :P
game-hours: 1318.0
review: Best russian simulator there is. 10/10
game-hours: 106.5
review: I killed a dude only with my ultimate, playing as Lion. I r8 8/8 m8.
game-hours: 1094.7
review: :D
game-hours: 1185.2
review: bosan-bosan eloklah anda bermain dota 2
game-hours: 3204.6
review: sir...add me sir.. i need something on you
game-hours: 758.0
review: Very fun and addictive game which keeps you searching for new ways to win the batlle,friendly people all over the community and i rate is 10/10
game-hours: 2284.1
review: abc
game-hours: 399.6
review: good game
game-hours: 3793.7
review: good stuff
game-hours: 1230.0
review: I find it a fun game, it takes a while for you to get ok/good at it (however I do not recomend doing matches against players until you have at least 100hours OR have played another arts/moba whichever acronym you perfer.) Though i cannot say if it is better then LoL or HoN because I have not played either and even if I had it would be purely my opinon. Anyway I find it fun, and (unless you don't like arts/moba style games) recommend it.
game-hours: 4422.7
review: Play It!!!
game-hours: 1569.8
review: Literally the best game ever. 10/10
game-hours: 1128.9
review: I got shouted at 10/10 GOTY
game-hours: 1163.1
review: wakwaw
game-hours: 21.3
review: Dotka is a good game, I feel like it ripped of the more superior League of Legends though but it's a good game nonetheless. Doesn't require any skill and is a good game.
game-hours: 1.4
review: this game is very good fun, maybe a bit difficult to pick up at first, but stick with it and im sure that you'll get the hang of it! It has a great range of unique characters that are all very fun to use, its a bit of a shame that you are only given a small selection of them each round as it means that even if you have a favourite, you wont always be able to play as them. Still, I recommend this game for anybody who enjoys strategy and winning ;) *this game might be a bit laggy if you have a lot of other stean games, thats the one reason why I dont still have it or warframe*
game-hours: 1195.0
review: it 's awesome game!
game-hours: 1057.4
review: Rosetta Stone was a rip off compared to this! I learned Russian in a couple minutes after my first game! >Well Played 10/10
game-hours: 1117.0
review: dota 2 is almost perfect, one thing that makes it annoying for some traders are the scammers who keeps trying to scam people on dota 2,the fact that if you can please make some operations to track those who attemp to scam and ban them if found that the said/reported account has a multiple report submitted from the community. Your consideration is highly appreciated.
game-hours: 479.9
review: Learn new things about your family,and you don't even have to visit your doctor,everyone is basically a prophet in this game. Also forget about clones,dota 2 is the real cloning machine,i've seen 3 dendi in one game. 420/8
game-hours: 1979.5
review: GOOD GOOD GOOD GAME LIKE
game-hours: 1324.4
review: like
game-hours: 375.2
review: Grate..
game-hours: 1510.0
review: ENJOY THE GAME!!!
game-hours: 1668.8
review: Simply the best moba game out there.
game-hours: 2752.0
review: Its okay
game-hours: 1266.4
review: Awesome Game :))
game-hours: 1146.6
review: good games good friends and good plays xD
game-hours: 563.2
review: Fun Game
game-hours: 1782.7
review: good game
game-hours: 1119.1
review: A great PvP game that offers some of the most intriguing and nuanced team combat around.
game-hours: 390.2
review: GREAT ING GAME
game-hours: 3126.7
review: THE BEST LANGUAGE LEARNING TOOL ON THE INTERNET. LEARN TO SPEAK SPANISH,RUSSIAN,PORTUGEUSE AND MAD AFRIKAANS FOR THE SUPER LOW PRICE OF YOUR SELF-ESTEEM AND FAITH IN OTHER GET THIS GAME, BEST CHOICE OF YOUR LIFE #NOFUN #ONLYDOTO #RUSSIANDOTOBESTDOTO
game-hours: 719.8
review: Dota2 is <3
game-hours: 850.7
review: Oh yeah
game-hours: 2864.7
review: fun to play and highly recommended
game-hours: 2160.2
review: Nice game but i hope dota add more hero
game-hours: 442.0
review: Who would have thought that a mod for a popular strategy game would give birth to a subgenre of strategy games that ended up as the most popular and most prestigious form of competitive PC gaming. The original DOTA was a mod for Warcraft 3. Dota 2 is the sequel where most of the original heroes made a comeback despite the game being developed by Valve themselves instead of Blizzard. Two teams of 5 competiting to bring down the enemy team's Ancient. Simple sounding, but Dota 2 is not a simple game. It is probably the most difficult and most aggressive MOBA currently. The game itself is good. Graphics are nice and most PC rigs would be able to support it nicely. It however, takes time, A LOT of time to learn to play each one of the heroes properly. When things go down to the wire, it gets really, really hairy. Only the ones who make the most of what items they have and using the right abilities at the right time would come away as the victors. And when you do win, it is one of the best feelings in the game. The heroes or champions in the game are as different as they can be from one another and each one of them has a different job to do in the in a team. Not only that, they do look awesome as well. But Dota 2 isn't perfect, far from it, actually. Mostly it has to do witht the community. You think CoD's fanbase was bad, play Dota and you'll think different. Trolls, whiners, noobs and really dumb people are common in the public matches and it is them who bring down the fun experience in the game. Also, Dota 2 is a free game so you can bet people with bad connections or bad PCs would try to play the game though and what happens is a cluster**** of annoyances as certain heroes and their abilities require precise timing. Dota 2 isn't the best game of all time (definitely not). But it is a timesink for those who'd love a challenge or want to be a part of something large in the PC gaming community. I personally spent more than 300 hours in the game as of this review and I am thinking of taking a break as Dota made me neglect my other games. But whether I quit or not, Dota 2 was fun while I still played it, despite experiencing plenty crappy moments.
game-hours: 985.2
review: good
game-hours: 1359.8
review: You can't go wrong with free. And among free games, this is top of the tiers. Getting over the learning curve and getting into the meat of the game is one of the most satisying experienes in gaming.
game-hours: 1352.5
review: Great game! Much strategy, and fun!
game-hours: 544.8
review: awsome game gooooooo
game-hours: 58.7
review: apik tenan
game-hours: 1.9
review: not great but good
game-hours: 554.8
review: best game for masochists 2014 tremble in ecstasy as youre ed on and abused by your team while getting  by the enemies also causes: coma,necrosis of brain,schizophrenia, alzheimers syndrom, tourettes syndrome, dissociative identity disorder,epileptic seizures, brain cancer, major depressive disorder, anxiety disorders, migraine, delirium, dementia, psychosis, dysentery and total organ failure enjoy 11/10
game-hours: 615.9
review: This is such a good game, its tough to learn and get into but I love playing this
game-hours: 853.0
review: best game ever
game-hours: 2385.7
review: One of the best language learning tools. Learn russian, polish, bulgarian, french, spanish and many more. ABSOLUTELY FREE ! (Quallity isn't good, but it's free!)
game-hours: 291.9
review: Better than Rosetta Stone if you want to learn Russian.
game-hours: 3031.7
review: Crazy, unfriendly to noobies , but emotions are too damn high.
game-hours: 1661.9
review: Help my mates win the TI ; Collect the items to make happy my sweety fawn  ; Play when the inspiration is coming ;
game-hours: 1207.8
review: nice
game-hours: 1116.0
review: i loce dota 2
game-hours: 1979.3
review: A player declined the match. 9/10
game-hours: 856.9
review: PIECE OF  GAME, BUGGED FREAKSHOW, HACKERS AND NERDCAPTURE PROGRAM. ONCE YOU GO DOTA, YOU NEVER GO... YOU CANT RHYME  TO DOTA. ONCE YOU GO ING DOTA YOU NEVER GO DOTA DOTA DOTA DOTA DOTA NO I AM FINE SHUT THE  UP
game-hours: 781.0
review: dis game is sooo gud
game-hours: 1.8
review: While fun once you give it time it is definitely not for people who cannot wade through a steep learning curve or new comers crossing over from other popular MOBA games.
game-hours: 275.9
review: I rate this game as one of the best MOBA, even more than League of Legends or Smite itself, great quality and good gameplay.
game-hours: 1413.8
review: game is hard
game-hours: 910.0
review: 1: Download the game 2:  tutorials, just search for a game 3: Pick Pudge 4: Feed
game-hours: 1461.4
review: A beautiful game with rage, friends, feed, and Russians. Lose all your free time and friends. It is ok you have Dotes and you can make new friends. Have fun and don't feed.
game-hours: 3595.7
review: dota
game-hours: 244.7
review: THE BEST GAME
game-hours: 1464.1
review: its ok i guess
game-hours: 1616.1
review: Player #1: "Don't end the game. Keep trolling" Player #2 : "Yeah, I've played Dota before."
game-hours: 1531.5
review: I like the game Dota 2, but I don't like other country people treat Philippines and other neighboring countries like that, I want them to be treated fairly.. I'm strongly affected by people wanting Filipinos to be gone in the Dota 2 world , Games are for everyone.. Please change..
game-hours: 313.9
review: most challenging game i have ever played :)
game-hours: 1192.3
review: NICE GAME
game-hours: 1372.2
review: This is the best game.
game-hours: 11.0
review: I was forced to play this game
game-hours: 16.4
review: 75% of characters look like undead piles of crap and all the human females look like s... 10/10 In seriousnes, most of the charcters look pretty cool, even the undead ones, no hold backs on the female humans looking like s though. I'm not really a big fan of the game or any MOBA game as a matter of a fact, but when trying this game out I actually got pretty addicted to it for a while. I recommend trying this with friends though, makes the expirence better and gives less worries of meeting a stranger whom is gonna curse you out for eating his tree that one time... I recommend trying out the hero named "Sniper" if you're gonna play the game for the first time.
game-hours: 416.7
review: Dota has become one of the most popular games ever, being one of the Top 10 most played games on Steam. Here's why. The learning curve. Some might say this is the worst part of the game but almost no one can deny that it's what gets you addicted and stuck in this world of heroes, might and magic. Like any traditional MOBA, each hero has it's own distinctive role from support to carry and many other positions. Dota focuses mainly on building your character up in the beginning of a match and then through teamwork and strategy, going head to head with the other team and "pushing" (Destroying the enemy team's towers, creeps, etc.) all the way to their "ancient" leading to its destruction and victory. It might sound strange to someone who may be unfamiliar with MOBA style games but, it's an art and science within itself, with millions of diehard fans constantly urging themselves to become better and more efficient with their playing styles. With the inclusion of the 100+ available characters, there are at least five different ways to play each character meaning there is an insane amount of replayability already staked onto the stellar online multiplayer experience of both casual, experienced and professional Dota 2 players. The game's learning curve will take at least 40 hours of in-game time and potentially hours of research outside of the game (YouTube, Wikis, etc.) which can seem like a major turn off for a game such as this. However, there is an offline practice mode available for new players to hone their skills and find out what characters they enjoy playing the most. I've read the other reviews for Dota 2 and found that many people are upset with Russians and Chinese going on US servers, causing a language barrier and potentially losing games because of that. I will admit, this is a problem that will hopefully be fixed in the near future, as it is rather problematic and detrimental to emerging victorious in a Dota 2 match. In conclusion, Dota 2 is a great game and has become one of my personal favourite games of all time. The amazing diversity of every match, the fantastic community and the overall amount of content being added every month is astonishing. Plus, it's a free to play. Not a pay to win, it's legitamately a F2P game. What do you got to lose? Give Dota 2 and try and find out what everyone is talking about. You won't regret it.
game-hours: 581.3
review: 200+ Hours and still craving more. This is Dota 2 People! Cmooooooon 5/5... Would Bang ;)
game-hours: 3120.5
review: .
game-hours: 1409.4
review: tis a viery nise gaem
game-hours: 900.3
review: BEST. MOBA. GAME. EVER
game-hours: 1537.5
review: dota 2 is the best game !!!! i love!!!! <3
game-hours: 679.3
review: best game ever made -1/10
game-hours: 1890.6
review: BEST MOBA GAME FOR EVER
game-hours: 1323.6
review: Russia simulator 2333
game-hours: 2716.6
review: Best game EVER!!
game-hours: 1325.9
review: This game is awesome
game-hours: 714.0
review: Best way to learn anger management, or maybe worsen it. 420/10 would play.
game-hours: 1091.4
review: Better graphics and in-game models than all other warcraft sequels. steam should host more games by valve. great work.
game-hours: 3832.8
review: Prodigious Game,I just forget my life temporarily when I press Accept Game button.
game-hours: 1128.8
review: i really love this game, i spent 1000 hours on the game and its the bets i ever played. its tricky in start, but when u keep play it, its just gets funnier and funnier.
game-hours: 1143.8
review: .      .       ,  .   ,   .
game-hours: 1393.6
review: good game
game-hours: 1509.7
review: ruined my life
game-hours: 851.6
review: !
game-hours: 0.1
review: EST ING GAME
game-hours: 1583.6
review: Very balenced game. If you fear racism, death, rage, constipation, mental shutdown, addiction, rampages, and smashed keyboards, this game is for you.
game-hours: 2974.3
review: ,
game-hours: 297.2
review: very exciting! as far as i played games this is the best for me :) hope u guys like it too
game-hours: 1861.4
review: Awesomesauce
game-hours: 637.0
review: Dota 2. Better than LOL or HON by almost every extent possible in my opinion. The graphics are beautiful, you can deny, slower pace gameplay, more impacts when you die. All of them have a problem with their Community. You get everything for free and only have to pay for announcers, hero skins, and other stuff that only affects looks. Not Pay To Win. It's Play To Win. Get it now. It's free. The reason people don't like Dota 2 over LoL is because "it's too slow and harder for them" or because "it has a higher skill curve".
game-hours: 488.1
review: .
game-hours: 62.3
review: Dota 2 is a wonderfully fun game! The game is bright and colorful and with a huge variety of characters to play and has easily become one of the biggest played multiplayer strategy games I've seen. As you play it rewards you with items you can use later and customizable items for your favorite characters in game. I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good strategy game.
game-hours: 1240.8
review: just playing this dota 2 game for timepass :) and the game is really awesome !!!!!!
game-hours: 934.9
review: Simply the best
game-hours: 1129.6
review: A RTS game which play by 10 players,divided by 2 teams ( Radiant and Dire) This game is so excited because of there are so many heroes which their skills are so variants,such as stun,kill,healing,disabling and so on. DoTA is the game like chess and soccer, because you must use strategy to defeat your enemy,not just kill,looking for gold. For amateurs this game can use build help if the amateurs dont know what item must they build. Remember,in this game you must be patient and cooperative when your teammates doing some fault because in this game there are winner and losser,the way you prove that you are pro is by cover up your teammates. I very reccomend this game not only just a guy can play this game,also a girl like me can also play too. End of my talk, I LOVE DoTA2
game-hours: 14.7
review: I hath recommended this game to all ye onlookers. Hear ye Hear ye!
game-hours: 1391.4
review: CYKA  BIYA RUSSKIY
game-hours: 1504.7
review: nice
game-hours: 415.6
review: This game is  damn i loving :D
game-hours: 190.5
review: cool
game-hours: 4242.2
review: Nice Game!
game-hours: 1146.2
review: I love this game so much , its such a perfect-complete RTS game i've play. people all over the world play the game for enjoying, playing, swearing. its not actually game, maybe i can said DOTA 2 is masterpiece. I cant describe much, Just play and Feel the game.
game-hours: 777.8
review: The most effective way of learning russian swear words
game-hours: 1802.6
review: Unos de los pocos juegos que me llamado la Atencin.
game-hours: 1125.0
review: Hello am 43 year man from Russia. Sorry for my bad englando. I selled my wife for internet connection for play "dota 2" and i want to become the goodest player like DUNDLI I play with 400 ping on america server and i am challenger 2. pls no copy pasterino, this is mi story.
game-hours: 1833.6
review: dont play this game
game-hours: 456.2
review: Guys get this you can.......be turned into a pig 10/10
game-hours: 627.0
review: the greatest game online in the world !!!!
game-hours: 2786.3
review: Damn.
game-hours: 107.3
review: LOVE THIS GAME, GOOD GRAPHIOCS
game-hours: 1399.6
review: =)
game-hours: 50.2
review: DOTA 2, this name needs no explanation, and yet, so much explanation. To say that this game has not changed my life would be a lie. DOTA 2 has proven that it can both create and destroy life, in term qualify itself as God. To speak lowly of DOTA 2 is heresy, but I am a heretic by default, a devil's advocate who speaks out against DOTA 2. DOTA, its predecessor, was an amazing map that I used to play with friends, DOTA 2 is just a target jokes nowadays. Boasting a lovely all Russian Matchmaking, with off-branches such as Turkey Matchmaking and Brazilian (HueHueHue) Matchmaking. If you wish to play DOTA 2, all I can say is go ahead. It's an amazing game that deserves so much more, a one man's story. It's you, and them, your team's just a meat shield. Don't let others coerce you into wasting your precious, hard-farmed gold on those pesky wards or, god forbid, support someone. Remember, chicks dig carries, so always pick them. Plz add VRZO, pokemonftw. 420SwagYOLO4EVER!
game-hours: 931.5
review: Ruins lives. prevented me from studying for exams. my mummy got me a fedora and some dank after i got my 1st rampage which was 1 min in coz im asian. the long seating hours made my lower body jelly and immovable. plus the loong hours of masturbating over io made me run out of , thus making me unable to reproduce. this game made me learn 5 languages in 1 game when i selected language preferences to english and got russians, indians, koreans and other various languages. the dota community is so friendly that they called me a noob when i was carrrying the team and lead them to victory. this game is reccomended for people who have no life and dont give a  about wat happens in life. also good for people who like dank and porn bcause u can smoke this game and wank over it like i do. the flavour of the doritos and mountain jew when playing this game is so amazing it makes my brain fart.
game-hours: 505.4
review: Nice
game-hours: 1659.5
review: Keep Calm and  Blyat.This game teach you that there's Russian West, Russian North and Russian East instead of Europe oh and picking language is pointless prepare for cyrlica 11/10 (Even Russain Federation of Australia)
game-hours: 2131.5
review: A very decent game very similar to the orginal dota map and I love the connection is stable.
game-hours: 1471.0
review: This game is just cool. I recommend to all fans of DotA.
game-hours: 2281.6
review: This game is truly amazing! You will have to stick with it for about 10 games before you begin to like it but afterwards it is a hardcore stratergy game, where you will have to work with your team if you have any hope for victory. I know from personal experience that once you have gotten into the game you just want to play more and with the new updates dota has really progressed and delivered a full fun game for everyone to play.
game-hours: 1677.3
review: I almost drowned in my own vomit. i r8 8/8 m8
game-hours: 5655.8
review: Very good game
game-hours: 1883.4
review: i go with the blazes
game-hours: 562.5
review: Addictive but frustrating. Best played with a group of friends who work well together.
game-hours: 2869.1
review: WAHAHA, cool game im just doing this review for higher steam level for more steam friends don't read this WAHA. Play dota 2 good game
game-hours: 496.7
review: Best MOBA game out there u might wanna try!
game-hours: 500.3
review: So I have been playing this game for the better part of a year now, and this is way better then League of Legends. Once you learn the heroes, and get a good play style down, and learn the gear choices, its a lot of fun. The game flow is better as well, and having a courier is awesome. The graphics and physics handle really nice, and the heroes all look way better as well. All in all, a great game, and lots of fun.
game-hours: 1381.1
review: Play, Relax and Fun..
game-hours: 1263.1
review: good game
game-hours: 152.0
review: hai......
game-hours: 51.6
review: Game terbaik sepanjang zaman..hahaha
game-hours: 1267.1
review: Best Multi player game after Dota :)
game-hours: 3705.7
review: make me crazy
game-hours: 518.4
review: Good graphics and Hero's here :D
game-hours: 1783.9
review: One of the best game on Steam :D
game-hours: 3838.4
review: *.*
game-hours: 1071.5
review: My Goat! This game is freakin' awesome. U guys should try this game. Feel it. This game is one and the only MOBA game that amazingly tests your courage, strategy, intelligence and also teamwork. Play it by your own way! Good Luck!
game-hours: 1254.0
review: girlfriend!! LOL!!!
game-hours: 1401.3
review: Dota 2 = Lifesteal 100 %
game-hours: 1064.9
review: this is one of the coolest games I ever played..
game-hours: 2178.3
review: (Y)
game-hours: 1841.1
review: i like it
game-hours: 3032.3
review: asdjkl
game-hours: 100.8
review: Dawn of the Anti-mage 2 is an amazing game with stunning visiuals and an amazing story line. Watch as the Anti-mage kills the people using nothing but chlorine gas. This is the type of game that makes you ask; "mag ek asseblief 'n haker?"
game-hours: 473.3
review: I love this game. Its has a steep but highly rewarding learning curve and is highly competitive online. That said, Valve has done an excellent job of cleaning up public games so that nice people are commended and offensive people reported. Even the games I lose I have so much fun playing. Great game.
game-hours: 1385.5
review: Turn back now! Its a trap!. It will eat ur life.
game-hours: 399.2
review: JIHADD!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 12.1
review: Dota 2 is going to ruin my life...... 5 stars
game-hours: 116.6
review: It's a pretty fun strategy game with a wide variety of items and character. You won't get sick of it very quickly, under normal circumstances.
game-hours: 2125.1
review: yes
game-hours: 2369.1
review: very good game , and a lot of fun
game-hours: 994.7
review: An interesting proposition. Unlike most games, this is the gift that keeps on giving. Over the lifetime of dota 2 many additions have been made, and many continue to come along. Dota 2 is based on an old warcraft mod, and on a weekly and monthly basis, valve continues to update and add features to the game. Aside from being a lucrative scene for competitive gamers, it also has a steep learning curve and endless combinations as far as team compisitons go. If you aren't the kind of person who likes to play versus other players, the game allows you to play cooperatively against bots. And to further add to the lifespan of the game, the developers release festive events every 3-5 months to add something extra for players to do. As the game is free to play, this game can potentially net you some gains in the form of the marketable items you recieve for playing.
game-hours: 797.6
review: I recommend this game if you are trying to become more familiar with russian language.
game-hours: 2767.7
review: I suggest that you play this game. You can learn more about working as a team and making friends along the way. You can be addicted when you like it like I do. Have fun and good luck :D
game-hours: 939.8
review: :D
game-hours: 3163.1
review: No question needed to be this game best ever strategic game. <3
game-hours: 2209.9
review: Game Is Good
game-hours: 1790.2
review: PERFECT.
game-hours: 549.9
review: It's a bad game, full of bad people who will yell and scream at you for the slightest error. There's bugs a plenty, clanstackers in pub matches, alt accounts stomping new players in to the dust for  and giggles. Yet I can't stay away from it...
game-hours: 2011.8
review: game r gud
game-hours: 1066.5
review: Dota 2 for me has set the standard for MOBA's. The level of detail gone into this is brilliant. The characters are well thought out with hilarious quotes and rivalry with the combat being fluid and fast paced. The only downside to this that I would say is the matchmaking. There is a steep learning curve when it comes to playing proficiently and already seasoned players do not take lightly to new players. Beware of this, and if this kind of stuff doesn't phase you then match-make away!
game-hours: 438.0
review: just one any set item
game-hours: 3297.8
review: i leik this game and it it awsome while Mitchelle is  at it. ;)
game-hours: 3205.6
review: dota forever
game-hours: 1632.6
review: This game is awesome. You'll be addicted once you learn the way to play it properly.
game-hours: 2333.2
review: Cool game, great graphic
game-hours: 261.1
review: (Y)
game-hours: 522.8
review: loved this game
game-hours: 1680.7
review: When the time grows up DOta reborn
game-hours: 847.8
review: Glorious game for those MOBA lovers, if you play this you either love it or hate it. I would suggest giving it a go anyway.
game-hours: 3128.3
review: nice
game-hours: 16.4
review: I got a kill one time... that was nice
game-hours: 1787.8
review: Neglected my studies because of this game.
game-hours: 639.1
review: niceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
game-hours: 3034.6
review: can we got a features for blacklisting player? this is simply for separate the ambitious players with the ruiner. we all sick of ruiner, especially leaver who don't want return to the game. and also, pls be more strict with leaver since this game is free to play. thankyou
game-hours: 2657.9
review: You can expose your talent in this game , and you can gain lots of friend of this game not only in one country but in the whole world.
game-hours: 2638.0
review: best game Evr.........good work vaalve
game-hours: 403.3
review: Ugh.
game-hours: 1087.1
review: gogo dota2...more crytal maiden items jeabal~~~
game-hours: 1364.2
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 370.0
review: I got this game more for nostalgia than anything else. Never really enjoyed defence of the ancient type games and at first it didnt seem like I would enjoy this either. The community may be fierce at times, especially when you are new but once you log a few hours and get the base mechanics under the knee the game and its community actually become pretty enjoyable. Serves to provide many laughs and WTF moments and is best enjoyed in a party with people who will be willing to help you get through the first few games.
game-hours: 1014.4
review: 10/10
game-hours: 2702.9
review: Really nice game. I always with all my heart and soul!!!
game-hours: 534.1
review: ilove this game :D
game-hours: 2212.0
review: :*
game-hours: 6627.9
review: I like this game and i play all time this game !
game-hours: 1515.0
review: Nice gAME eVER
game-hours: 1727.4
review: dota 2   map
game-hours: 1737.1
review: 10/10 best Russian server simulator experience
game-hours: 1085.1
review: 's crzy dank m8. would r8 8/8.
game-hours: 1214.2
review: nobody can stop me to play this game
game-hours: 958.7
review: absoloutly
game-hours: 2450.3
review: addicted
game-hours: 1307.0
review: this game is the best , the game is awsome
game-hours: 1944.5
review: best moba ever
game-hours: 556.7
review: One of the best strategy games I have played!
game-hours: 2582.9
review: it awesome.
game-hours: 1591.6
review: DotA 2.. great game to play.. better with friends even not in the same place, becase of Online Party System :)
game-hours: 93.1
review: ka pasikisit tai giaras zaidimas.
game-hours: 158.7
review: Fun if given a chance to learn the game!
game-hours: 527.4
review: Dota 2 is AWESOME. If you nerver played this game or dont know how to play it well, you have an unique chance of not being addicted to it so stay away from it. When you start playing it well and understanding how the game works, you will love Dota 2.
game-hours: 1114.8
review: The Best Game.. I've played
game-hours: 482.7
review: Just don't play this, the game has the worst community i have ever seen with nearly all the players being abusive constantly for being a 'noob'. The game becomes repetitive and boring and has taken me over 200 hundered hours to find this out and don't get me started on the amount of russians playing this even outside of their own servers. At first the game is fun but don't get dragged in, its not worth it.
game-hours: 3085.2
review: Never can get enough :)
game-hours: 6.5
review: This game sucks.
game-hours: 26.7
review: A very fun, but hard to master game with lots of varied characters (At least you dont have to unlock them all *cough* LoL *cough*)
game-hours: 807.8
review: A couple of years ago, a friend of mine started me on this game, and, boy, what a ride. I won't get into the details of the game, but there are always a few tournaments going on that you can watch as well as the Free To Play documentary (on the first edition of The International Dota 2 tournament, look it up on Youtube), to get a good feel on the game. If you're still interested after that, if you have friends to play with, if you have patience to learn, and if you have time to spare (each game lasts 40 minutes on average), I wholeheartedly recommend you try it. This is what competitive video games are all about. It is daunting at first, has a steep learning curve, but every day I'm playing I'm learning something new and that is rewarding by itself. It is a team-based game so you'll get your fair share of frustrations, but as long as you be smart about your decisions, salvage every mistake as a learning experience, and most importantly have fun doing so, this is your game of the forever.
game-hours: 608.5
review: asdsgfef qaepfg awrg;laWEf arwgf;l qw3etrfpaergb weasf;lkn ASwetgflnkawerf 'lAWEtf AWErfklk
game-hours: 39.9
review: It's pretty fun, even when you suck.
game-hours: 274.6
review: The greatest video game in the history of time and space. ...is what Dota 2 turns into, AFTER you've done 50 hours of boot camp and 50 hours of homework. Before that you'll be shocked and confused and humiliated more times than you can count. In the end the investment is well worth it, just be warned you'll need enough time and thick enough skin to survive the trial by fire.
game-hours: 2534.9
review: :s
game-hours: 1585.5
review: nice game with interesting time to play.
game-hours: 238.6
review: Only play this if you have thick skin and the patience to learn the game. If you have both then you are in for a good game. If not then lol
game-hours: 1692.7
review: Ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 1914.9
review: This is a game that when you have played enough you will hate, but you will still come back to play again. When you loose you will say "I hate this game", then come back an hour, two hours or afew days later to try again. When you win you will love this game, play again untill you loose and quit the game again! 4 of 5 stars. Will play again.
game-hours: 723.8
review: dota2 is life of mine the best game of me
game-hours: 73.6
review: dzcfs
game-hours: 3668.4
review: best game ever
game-hours: 4005.9
review: ,   > ,  ,    ,   ,   !  !
game-hours: 4471.1
review: Da ' Vi
game-hours: 147.9
review: Team Fortress 2 den sonra en sevdiim cretsiz oyun gerekten sper teekkrler Valve ...
game-hours: 1925.3
review: n1ce play xD
game-hours: 1175.8
review: :_)
game-hours: 3554.9
review: Feed
game-hours: 4496.0
review: .
game-hours: 556.2
review: I love this game.
game-hours: 1830.2
review: its not moba, its DOTA!!
game-hours: 4388.9
review: Destroyed my life. 10/10 would play 3k hours again.
game-hours: 0.9
review: dont play dota you idiots
game-hours: 731.3
review: Possitives: Have you played any other MOBA before playing Dota2? Well allow me to introduce you to the first son of the MOBA genre's father father, the one that started it all, Aeon of Strife. Dota 2 is a well balanced and evenly paced MOBA which offers a lot of variety when it comes to Heroes to play and items to make your hero stronger. The game has quite a steep learning curve, but once you feel like you've gone over that curve then the game becomes so enjoyable especially with friends. The game has now been released and is F2P, so what do you have to lose? Negatives: The community is quite hostile to anyone who doesn't play very well, sadly. A lot of Russian players don't even want to play with other Russians and instead choose the 'English' language preference and end up screwing over the people who actually do speak English and causes communication issues. The toxic behavior some people in this game can be unreal, and they will sometimes do whatever it takes to make your game horrible. Yeah, you can mute them and try to ignore them but surely they would be inclind to just help the enemy team by feeding themselves to them just because you done one thing wrong that they didn't like. But that's why you should try to play with as many friends as possible, in order to minimise this issue.
game-hours: 600.4
review: Best multiplayer game I've ever played.
game-hours: 1048.0
review: Entretenido rapido y mantiene la misma base de su predecesor , 100% recomendable para jugar entre amigos y probar tu capacidad en torneos y ranked games , es lo mejorcito dentro de la gama de juegos 5v5 existentes :D
game-hours: 1158.8
review: i like dota 2 Woman player
game-hours: 23.4
review: VALOR TO ME
game-hours: 758.2
review: This game is Very awsome!
game-hours: 3288.7
review: ONE DC makes my MMR drop......IS WHOLE TEAM DC AND CANT RECONNECT BACK + WE ARE WINNING IN THE GAME :) WELL PLAYED VOLVO
game-hours: 2480.1
review: A great game . Too bad that the russian  kids made it allmost impossible to enjoy it or to win a game.
game-hours: 201.1
review: How to become a sociopath 101
game-hours: 1356.3
review: Awesome game..highly addictive and entertaining.
game-hours: 955.1
review: Holy  it's a time sucker
game-hours: 1426.5
review: THE WORLD MOST AWESOME GAME THANKS VALVE FOR THIS DOTA2
game-hours: 10.5
review: much moba. many russian. such grimdark. wow.
game-hours: 873.8
review: Don't give up after the first few losses, get a thick skin to be able to ignore the unhelpful comments from ppl, keep improving and then it's quite fun.
game-hours: 735.6
review: I really like this game! No matter how long u play it, u'll never get bored!
game-hours: 1828.0
review: Still don't know how to throw a grenade. /10
game-hours: 799.2
review: Welcome friends and all to the greatest game of the millenium. By the year 2030, dota 2 will have infiltrated into mainstream media and become the game to decide all conflicts and terrorities. A frantic rush to recruit all the top players was undertaken by the nations. A great battle was sieged and only one victor emerged . With excellent teamwork, vocabuary, the Philippines quickly became the sole ruler of the Earth. I have returned from this apocalypse and now I regularly play and hone my Dota 2 skills for the day when the Philippines will rise against us. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 437.9
review: Nice strategy game. It puts out the value of teamwork on each player.
game-hours: 3353.3
review: Errghubleh
game-hours: 816.1
review: bla bla bla
game-hours: 2971.6
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1924.1
review: like
game-hours: 1058.9
review: BYLAT 10/10
game-hours: 689.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 1063.3
review: had slammin' and dunkin'. ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 198.3
review: aa
game-hours: 3758.3
review: Best Game Ever... 100000000000000000000000 Likesssssss
game-hours: 1541.6
review: hi
game-hours: 1366.6
review: , ya ne govoruy po russki. 9 /10
game-hours: 2789.6
review: How do i use my legs?
game-hours: 223.7
review: Grate game
game-hours: 832.0
review: Awesome game that requires some competence and skill, unlike noob games like LoL. LoL=League of Losers. Don't play in a league of losers, play DotA 2.
game-hours: 1293.1
review: Under no circumstances should you play this game. Go for a walk instead. Teach yourself guitar. Anything but this.
game-hours: 4354.8
review: Great game!
game-hours: 1121.9
review: Full of Russians which do the opposite to what you say 101/9
game-hours: 1971.1
review: it's horrible sometimes. You get some guy on your team spewing spanish which you can't understand, and who endlessly feeds. Next thing you know, you tell the other team to report them, and they're all hispanic. Then you look in the mirror and find out that you're hispanic too.
game-hours: 294.2
review: This is one of the better games in its genre.I highly recommend playing it,or at the very least,give it a try.
game-hours: 884.2
review: 1
game-hours: 2105.8
review: really nice teamwork game
game-hours: 2533.8
review: Very good graphics, i recommend this game to anyone.
game-hours: 3330.7
review: Best FPS EVER!!
game-hours: 547.3
review: Play this game if: 1) You want to learn Spanish or Russian for free. 2) Lose all hope in humanity. 3) Alienate friends. 4) Fill the gaping void left in your life after leaving WoW, SWTOR, EverQuest or any other MMORPG. You will not be disappointed!
game-hours: 1411.1
review: Got kicked out of college because of this game. 10/10. Would do again.
game-hours: 3838.9
review: *.*
game-hours: 1071.5
review: My Goat! This game is freakin' awesome. U guys should try this game. Feel it. This game is one and the only MOBA game that amazingly tests your courage, strategy, intelligence and also teamwork. Play it by your own way! Good Luck!
game-hours: 1254.0
review: girlfriend!! LOL!!!
game-hours: 1401.3
review: Dota 2 = Lifesteal 100 %
game-hours: 1064.9
review: this is one of the coolest games I ever played..
game-hours: 2178.8
review: (Y)
game-hours: 462.5
review: addictive..!!!!
game-hours: 681.4
review: let's continue playing from dota to dota2
game-hours: 1468.9
review: yes!!!
game-hours: 37.9
review: I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT I'M DOING WHY AM I LOSING
game-hours: 4262.9
review: I recommend Johnny never plays this because he is a noob.
game-hours: 1419.4
review: Be prepared to lose your life on this one............
game-hours: 1908.0
review: Sweg
game-hours: 212.3
review: This game is the most horribly rage-inducing time-sink in existence. It will make you want to rip out your hair, plat some primittive form of garrote and maniacally stage an attempted murder of your BLOODY OBNOXIOUS TEAMMATES, WHO THINK THEY ARE SOME SORT OF ALMIGHTY DOTA GODS AND JUST SH!T CLUTCH-PLAYS ALL OVER THE BLOODY PLACE! All, in all, it's pretty fun.
game-hours: 3472.2
review: Please help me! I have no life now!
game-hours: 1134.1
review: i want always play on dota 2
game-hours: 2366.9
review: The game that ruined my life.. haha in a good way.
game-hours: 968.9
review: probaly the best game i ever played
game-hours: 3125.6
review: good
game-hours: 792.6
review: Addicting Fun Exciting Challenging Game ^^
game-hours: 329.8
review: Much Moba, Very Graphics, So Dota2
game-hours: 1489.2
review: BEST GAME
game-hours: 3588.7
review: :)
game-hours: 5187.0
review: Hey...stop...dont install! with this game u cant do any work! i dont have now any gf...work... and so on. alone ...and playing dota 2 !
game-hours: 173.7
review: fd
game-hours: 1600.3
review: Learn Russian and Spanish at the expense of your anal virginity.
game-hours: 1036.0
review: This game is too hard to play. All I want to do is farm some creeps. Then some people kill me. Oh well.
game-hours: 1717.8
review: nice :)
game-hours: 460.6
review: I LIKE THIS GAME PLAY AND THE COMPETITIONS ARE A BOBOBONUS..
game-hours: 1381.1
review: Play, Relax and Fun..
game-hours: 1263.1
review: good game
game-hours: 152.0
review: hai......
game-hours: 51.6
review: Game terbaik sepanjang zaman..hahaha
game-hours: 1267.1
review: Best Multi player game after Dota :)
game-hours: 3705.9
review: make me crazy
game-hours: 518.4
review: Good graphics and Hero's here :D
game-hours: 1522.0
review: I love this game its got so much content that i cant tell everything in one post but its FREE! And its super fun, it has all heroes free form the start! thats awsome compared to league of legends, and the game does not charge you to spend money at all! this shood become the game of the year!!!
game-hours: 1551.8
review: this game is very awesome :)
game-hours: 1417.4
review: Dota 2 is the best MOBA game of all in my opinion because of its graphics , game system and etc,. If you haven't play this game I strongly recommend you to try it then you'll be one of us.
game-hours: 4269.4
review: nice
game-hours: 802.3
review: Really good !
game-hours: 2736.5
review: Russian Simulator 2014. All you have to do is select in which Russia you want to play today.
game-hours: 431.0
review: This community can go  itself
game-hours: 1.7
review: DOTA 2, the resurrection of the old classic MOBA (multiplayer online battle arena) game that started the craze. I played in the original WC3 version ages ago, and it was interesting to give it a try. The game has various "really-not-warcraft-heroes-srs" like "not-Sylvanas" and "not-Arthas" and a variety of more original heroes to play. Free to play, and easy to get hold of as Valve throws a few dozen copies at me every now and again. The skinny: 8/10 if you're looking for a tree-harvest avoid-the-murderer simulator. I'd give it about 3/10 for gameplay if you want a MOBA. 1/10 for community - and that's because a) some friends of mine play it, and b) there's a lot of Steam Workshop content. The good: There's a lot of Steam Workshop support. It's free. The bad: From what I've seen, completely unbalanced player combat, which narrows down to who gets the first hit in, and has little to do with actual skill-based play. Majority of the time is spent cutting trees, but game is advertised as a "battle arena". Before the inevitable "UR butthurt" complaints, I'm not usually the poor sod being killed. I tend to play support, and hang back a lot, watching the tree cutting competition. The ugly: I'm not sure what it is that entices some players to this, but it's a harsh, bitter community that judges you even before you've had a chance to speak, or played a single game. Doesn't matter who you are. For those who I speak to, I'm pretty hard-skinned, and I can appreciate a good troll. This isn't that. This is hate, and there's almost nothing to help narrow it down. Some people keep playing it religiously, however. Perhaps there's something magical that they found in this tree-cutting simulator, because that's what the majority of the game time is spent doing. Then someone finds someone else, gets a stun off, and kills the other party before they get control of their champion back. The player who gave "first blood" to the enemy team is then reported for feeding, then their team quits, and you queue back up for another rousing tree harvest simulation. Overall, I'd recommend other games in the same vein. Because this one is pretty bad. In a game that's meant to be about community involvement, DOTA 2 doesn't have anything to entice me back. If anything, it has things to push me away - it skips past the ribbing and trolling and dives straight into XBox Live chat styled hate. For some, it's addictive. For me, it's not.
game-hours: 646.1
review: Worst game. Do not try this! Save your soul!
game-hours: 1352.2
review: Wanna get flamed all the time? Play Dota 2. The community is piss poop and it ruins your life.
game-hours: 30.5
review: if you like to watch your hero being stunned for atleast 5 seconds every fight / enjoy a game with 0 balancing / overly confusing and nasty looking shop ui / being raged at ,then this is for you who ever instalocks the broken heros 1st wins the match 1/10
game-hours: 4.6
review: Tried to like it but I just don't. Aside from the ecosystem and huge amount of heroes etc. the game itself just isn't fun to play for some reason. I would much rather play demigod or space moba stellar impact instead.
game-hours: 677.3
review: It's fun about 9% of the time, gives me anxiety dreams, makes me lash out at the few humans on this planet I actually like and the vast majority of the community are abusive s who are trying to assert how alpha they are on the internet. Stay away unless you're either one of those really cool people who think trolling is the best thing in the world or are apart of the small percentage of people who somehow genuinely think this game is good.
game-hours: 1710.2
review: Most games reward the player to some degree, when they have sunk hundreds of hours into them. Dota 2 is the only time sink I have experienced where you get absolutely nowhere for your troubles... thanks to a heavily broken matchmaking system that can take forever to queue up a game (as I am writing this, a 5 stack for a ranked match can take up to 20 minutes!). Dota 2 is less about how skilled you are, and more about who you know. If you don't have at least a dozen experienced friends who are consistently competent, prepare to queue with some of the worst players you have ever played a multiplayer game with. As an added bonus, you will often get players who do not speak your language -- even in ranked games! I have often wished that I never started playing this game...
game-hours: 1802.9
review: Addicting and will make you hate everyone thats not from your country.
game-hours: 14.2
review: this game.  this game for everything it is, and everything it stands for. Don't waste your time on this nonsense.
game-hours: 0.5
review: THIS GAME IS  ! ALL OFTHE VALVE GAMES ARE AWESOME , BUT THIS IS SOOO BAD AND STOOPID HOW CAN IT BE THE MOST PLAYED GAME ON STEAM ????
game-hours: 1747.6
review: repetitive
game-hours: 871.5
review: Complete waste of time playing this piece of crap, all you'll find is a pile of negativity and  cancers with broken fingers.
game-hours: 0.9
review: dont play dota you idiots
game-hours: 1766.7
review: Such a fun game this era.
game-hours: 955.8
review: This game is the BOMB! has good graphics, good source of servers and the best MMORPG game ever!
game-hours: 921.6
review: Once you see beyond the boundaries of mmr, once you realize that there's only low priority, then it can really be a fun game.
game-hours: 309.3
review: I like the game but I don't like the players because they keep blaming your bad plays. I do not play perfect but blaming my teammates will not make me a better player right? If I blame them I will just look like an idiot that is not educated. sorry for my bad english or spelling :D
game-hours: 1.8
review: Got yelled at by a russian now im banned for 5 days 0/2
game-hours: 1223.2
review: a massively multiplayer game, highly recommended for those who havent try or even know DOTA the basic tutorial are very helpful and the community as well
game-hours: 747.8
review: DOTA 2 LOUNGE
game-hours: 800.3
review: I like this Game :)
game-hours: 2655.9
review: best game ever :)
game-hours: 4775.9
review: good
game-hours: 1200.0
review: toxic community
game-hours: 859.7
review: Dota 2 is a good game but I quit after I reached a point. The community really is worse. They are no cooperation at all. I appreciate some people trying to make the game a good game but the game is simply overrun by immatures or people who just wants to rage at others. As for people who are curious if they should play this game or not. My answer is: go ahead since it's free to play. As for those who just wants to have fun, this game is not for you. People who play this game is not about fun but about winning. If you plan on having fun, I suggest go get other game or people will just insult you in many different crappy languages (that doesn't even exist).
game-hours: 569.3
review: Good Game
game-hours: 42.5
review: Dota 2 Dota 2 is a F2P MOBA game made by Valve and was in beta for a long time until it became free to the public in 2013. Dota 2 requires alot of skill and it isn't a game where ou jump right in to the game like TF2. Valve intended that players should find their favourite hero and learn tacticts with that hero however most players don't get that and hate on it for childish or just ride the hate wagon. Let's get to the game now... You start in the same map each time (And I would appreciate some more maps). Each side looks similar and there are 3 main roads to each team's spawn but they are protected by minions, towers and players, the objective is to destroy the towers and get to the enemy base and destroy this core thingamajic. You start leveling up your character and your abilities/hero gets stronger and it's key to the game. You will really need to play as a team rather than a lone wolf and will require you to speak with your teammates and not expect them to know your stun and attack plan. I will give this game a 4.7/5. I think it's a good game but it might need some new maps.
game-hours: 1240.0
review: dota 2    ,   dota 2  .     .        , !!!)   ! p.s.      )
game-hours: 485.2
review: Nig, tihs game is awesome yuo know
game-hours: 1166.7
review: best game I've ever played
game-hours: 1786.8
review: Great game, intense action pack gameplay thats fun for everyone.
game-hours: 3953.8
review: I love this game!!!
game-hours: 686.7
review: Cause Dota
game-hours: 1586.2
review: ^_^
game-hours: 2557.8
review: good
game-hours: 1498.0
review: A wonderous 5 lane world of 20 kill supports, 1 v 5 heroics and lost russians. Each game guarantee's: -A noob who does exactly the opposite of what the team suggests, this is a great time to practise reverse psychology. -At least some form of Russian, be it english players that enjoy their newly learned dialect or a "Genuine player of Russia" who due to their 3rd world conditions are obviously too famished to actually play the game properly. -A pudge pro that insists on mid and then deems it a great time to showcase exactly how not to attempt to hook players for all of 27 minutes while the other steam rolls you entirely. -A support with a Dagon. With numerous repetition of the line "BUT I THOUGHT HE WAS GETTING AWAY" while he is now 4 levels above the Medusa right next to him. In summary this game will make you very... very... angry. A lot of the time. I can't go a single day without playing it.
game-hours: 388.1
review: The MOBA equivalent of getting kicked in the , repeatedly, for hours on end, until little remains of what could resemble genitalia. However, the truly astonishing part, is that this wasn't torture, but done through your own volition; you wanted to made miserable. Hell, you probably paid for it a little. Every game brings such traumatic pain and anguish, this game should be considered a war crime. Psychologists have analyzed why DOTA players put themselves through this kind of Hell, and all tests have come up inconclusive. This game has caused the perpetual virginity of thousands of people. Friendships have been ruined, careers lost, and marriages have ended, all because of this game. Dear God, get rid off this awful blight on humanity. Only the dead can know peace from this evil... 10/10 I recommend this game to all my friends!
game-hours: 685.5
review: When I first started DOTA 2 my brain had downs, I had no idea what I was doing at all... But I soon started to pick up the mechanics like last hitting and denying and the learning the heroes (All heroes are free!). Before I knew it, I was performing better and better. I focused and kept learning little by little and BINGO! I got pretty good. You will encounter a lot foreigners good or bad but most of them can understand english. There's a lot of great people in the game and some are trolls and jerks but it's fun . I recommend this game for everybody! If you play LoL stop, unistall, and play dota 2. That game is canerous especially it's community has grown to filth I played since 2009 it was a great MOBA for many years until this game came out and perfected the orignal one(Warcraft III Mod). It's really hard at first I know that but give it a try and learn.
game-hours: 2029.8
review: nice
game-hours: 1719.4
review: Has slowly, but surely, driven me into downwards spiral of raging alcoholism. There's no turning back now. 10/10 would be super salty rustled tustled again
game-hours: 2836.8
review: great
game-hours: 706.2
review: addicted game
game-hours: 1488.5
review: nice
game-hours: 1092.2
review: perfect game
game-hours: 1913.5
review: ...
game-hours: 3066.5
review: The most addictive game I have ever played..... Please stay away from this if you want to have a life.... >.<
game-hours: 2738.1
review: Play this if you like being sad
game-hours: 9.0
review: Please return Lion to his former glory(as seen in my avatar) Sincerely, Everyone
game-hours: 277.3
review: Great game for ruining the last bit of social life you try to save from the cruel internet. Also the best foreign language teaching program on the world available. Highly addictive to the point of self-destruction and getting severe mental disorders. 10/10 would recommend
game-hours: 4200.8
review: YOU CanT See Me , Coz I'm BehinD YOu .. BooM Panes .. :D
game-hours: 1738.6
review: i noob
game-hours: 28.9
review: yeahhh
game-hours: 1200.1
review: Highest quality MOBA there is. This is the most fair and most balanced MOBA. Welcome to Dota 2, you suck.
game-hours: 1085.6
review: Ok game 50% of the time
game-hours: 1666.5
review: Best Game On The Internet!
game-hours: 2517.7
review: Don't call it a MOBA damn it!
game-hours: 253.2
review: This game is so good i dont want to play it ever again
game-hours: 393.7
review: Decent/10 Would play again
game-hours: 1559.4
review: good game
game-hours: 945.4
review: Dota ngay by gi, v cuc sng l khng ch i! ^^
game-hours: 1802.7
review: Best MOBA ever :) Thats all :) 10/10
game-hours: 1034.5
review: Awesome SIR
game-hours: 1675.2
review: fun and competitive game.. addicted
game-hours: 500.9
review: 10/10 Would Recommend
game-hours: 737.6
review: LOLOLOL WHAT THE  IS THIS NERD  HAHAHAHA PFFFFLOOOOL DOTA? MORE LIKE GAY VIRGIN NERD  2 PFFLOL this  is based off some warcraft nerd , lolushchanerd. anyway, this  is maaaad gay, there's no guns or any cool stuff, just nerdy monsters and gay dudes like witcher. however thers this guy named sniper, it wouldve been cool BUT HES NERDY AND OLD GRMPA MY GOD HES GAY, i hate how this game is so hard too, only gay nerds play this gay , wow i hate this, and this  isnt on xbox SO LAME MY GOD. if your looking for good competitive multiplayer play cod and halo,  this gay fat nerd
game-hours: 1229.8
review: If you're jumping in this game alone, you're gonna have a bad time. DoTA2 is a team based game, if you're not playing it with a team mindset, you're wrong, and you're impression of the game will be wrong. The character select screen is incredibly daunting when you first start, and most of the characters are unique in their abilities, it takes many hours (days?) to even consider yourself a rookie in this game. After a week of playing nothing but 'Least Played' mode, you'll be pretty in the know of most of the characters, it's going to take watching youtube guide videos, experimenting, careful study of the tournament games and overall pure luck on who you get teamed up with (god help you if you're playing solo) to be able to win a game and even understand why you did. In short, what you need is; Trustworthy teammates, lots of free time, dedication, the ability to adapt well, and a looped playlist of 'Eye of The Tiger' and 'You're The Best'. Then maybe, you'll be considered a "nub" that won't get reported.
game-hours: 288.5
review: Its Cool
game-hours: 1257.4
review: Gamenya bagus banget, grafik luar biasa dengan gameplay sama kayak dota 1. Nilai tambah disini karena steam yang menopang game dota 2, dimana keamanannya luar biasa ketat, namun jadi boomerang sendiri yang kadang dimana keamanannya malah sedikit "menggangu" player, karena tiap ada hal yg berhubungan sama security harus nunggu berapa hari Di Indonesia mungkin kurang ada wadah buat nopang player yang  game ini, mungkin lebih ke akses pembelian barang, dan lain-lain. Diharapkan steam bisa membantu player Indonesia yang ingin menyalurkan aktifitasnya agar menjadi lebih mudah didalam dota maupun steam Overall good banget!!
game-hours: 534.3
review: Awesome graphics and gameplay.
game-hours: 1157.2
review: An absolutely amazing game, I've played hundreds of hours In this game and It never gets boring or feels the same. With over 100 Heroes to chose there Is so much variety and so many different ways to play that the experience Is always different, be prepared to lose alot of your time and to also have to learn alot as well! It's all well worth It though, download this game now.
game-hours: 850.6
review: it's alright that.
game-hours: 818.0
review: good game
game-hours: 762.9
review: You need to get this game! It is too good not to get. Join the millions! Play the game!
game-hours: 2.1
review: .
game-hours: 1147.0
review: cool
game-hours: 2610.7
review: Just for fun!
game-hours: 3008.9
review: Someone didn't follow meta. Reported.
game-hours: 9394.2
review: Educative game! Teaches you Russian for free.
game-hours: 1175.0
review: Often I am asked "What does a Good Game truly mean?" hue much depends upon the game (lets say dota) will you be a tryhard? then we have Heroes that are overpowered as  will you be a nooblord? then we can grant you matchmaking that puts you against even noobier players will you be wise? can you can PUBSTOMP NOOBLORDS TILL THEIR CHOCOLATEMILK EXPLODES ON THEIR MULTIPLE CHINS What does a good game truly mean? that is for you to decide.... theres also a talking tree and a fat cockney who hooks people
game-hours: 1893.7
review: DRINK VODKA WIN DOTKA this game is SEXY AS  play it thats my REview
game-hours: 1754.7
review: A universal language learner, learn Russian, Spanish, and English all at the low low cost of your self-esteem. However you won't be able to leave it alone, it consumes your life.
game-hours: 1675.4
review: Difficult to get into at first, but once you do you'll love it, so don't feel discouraged if it's not fun to you at first.
game-hours: 1802.2
review: good
game-hours: 1541.8
review: The best game ever I recommend it ro everybody
game-hours: 1984.3
review: good
game-hours: 274.2
review: awesome game!!!
game-hours: 673.8
review: A good strategy game. Enjoys playing.
game-hours: 2545.6
review: perfct
game-hours: 1094.3
review: Like Crack But better
game-hours: 1852.3
review: doto =d
game-hours: 1971.6
review: play dota2
game-hours: 3340.0
review: :)
game-hours: 1115.8
review: great game!
game-hours: 471.5
review: Great Game!
game-hours: 459.8
review: Slowly, it is taking over my life and all memory of League of Legends. Not to say that this is better than LoL, just that I am having a bit more fun with it at the moment. As long as you can get into it and not die every two minutes then give this a shot.
game-hours: 3220.3
review: a fakc aus
game-hours: 817.0
review: My favorite Moba! I prefer it over league, and HoN! Alot of useful guides are all over to help get you started!
game-hours: 660.4
review: :DD
game-hours: 391.9
review: good game
game-hours: 436.8
review: asda
game-hours: 1977.1
review: IN MOTHER RUSSIA, B MEANS OF COURSE YOU CAN 5 V 1 THEM
game-hours: 727.5
review: Is very gud gaem.
game-hours: 5531.9
review: Good game. Highly recommended!
game-hours: 74.5
review: this game is great and its sharpen my strategy planning!
game-hours: 2672.2
review: Bes gam evr
game-hours: 1037.3
review: Overdose is dangerous for life!
game-hours: 3895.9
review: I was almost done with school - I now have 80% absence and my future is ruined. 10/10
game-hours: 1637.6
review: love it
game-hours: 572.8
review: Good. :)
game-hours: 2143.1
review: vodka vodka putin obama vodka  blyat.
game-hours: 1032.8
review: (Y)
game-hours: 2923.2
review: Nice game
game-hours: 996.2
review: !
game-hours: 1212.9
review: The best part of my life. D2
game-hours: 665.8
review: All doing good and I'm having fun in this game. <3 #NOVa
game-hours: 713.6
review: Best Game
game-hours: 1547.2
review: :D
game-hours: 2207.6
review: totally recommend it fun game if u play dota 1 (frozen throne) u will be like,, this is so much better and totally be addicted to this game :D
game-hours: 2021.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 1088.2
review: blah blah blah im only doing this for steam levels
game-hours: 1751.9
review: Truly an amazing game once u start to play it with ur friends or with other people. Although it might be confusing and difficult from the start, but once u start playing u just cant stop. And u get all that experience for FREE
game-hours: 884.8
review: nice
game-hours: 490.8
review: Better than LoL~
game-hours: 1198.8
review: Great game!!....... For Russians....
game-hours: 2680.7
review: Can't even jump.
game-hours: 1355.4
review: The TI4 for DotA 2 is World Cup for DotA's Player
game-hours: 4189.2
review: 8.5/10
game-hours: 938.9
review: GLHF
game-hours: 4436.6
review: Best game evvuuuurrr
game-hours: 1697.6
review: For an epic and extreme PvP clash with matching brainstorm gaming! try this one
game-hours: 975.2
review: DotA2
game-hours: 2474.6
review: Birds - the sky. Fishes - the ocean. Deers - WoT . Cancers - Dota.
game-hours: 632.7
review: Best game yet :3
game-hours: 1584.2
review: Epic Game,Fun Game. Never get bored Got Strategy,Team Work=Win! Awesome Update,Keep it up the Updates. AND NEED NEW HEROES THANKS!
game-hours: 1309.7
review: Awesome game very fair and very competitive
game-hours: 3988.0
review: Ez kills 10/10
game-hours: 2419.7
review: 10/10!
game-hours: 21.8
review: playing for my boyfriend..:)
game-hours: 339.1
review: Really outstanding game. Definitely give it a try sometime. Outstanding how they managed to make such a big and difficult game `easy`, try to dont get confused and fight through it. Worth the time, practice by playing with friends, watching games on YouTube(I really like PurgeGamers) or just watch a random pub. All of that is really instructive and helps you become a better player. PS: Playing the tutorial really helps.
game-hours: 334.6
review: Dota2 is awesome. Hope that other hero will available ASAP! :)
game-hours: 1778.7
review: <3
game-hours: 673.5
review: Best Game forever
game-hours: 2647.4
review: Great game It is much more challenging than any other moba I have played, and every character is unique. The voice acting is great, the gameplay is great, and even the world and sound effects are great. It's free to!
game-hours: 3114.7
review: good game but hard to learn/master
game-hours: 889.4
review: Dota 2 is a game played by ten players divided by two sides, the Dire and Radiant with 5 players each. There are over 100 heroes to choose from. There are three types of heroes: Strength, Agility and Intelligence. Strength heroes are more on physical abilities and tough to deal with. Agility heroes are more on damaging and ints are more on supports.
game-hours: 2527.1
review: Epic game. nuff said
game-hours: 1845.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 495.2
review: Play a great game DOTA
game-hours: 568.9
review: It's ok. 3 out of 4 decapitated sphynx cats
game-hours: 11508.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 1121.9
review: This game made me explain to my mom why I cant pause this game. 10/10
game-hours: 804.3
review: 10/10 would waste 350hours again
game-hours: 1877.6
review: The best game i've ever played
game-hours: 1176.6
review: LoL is better.
game-hours: 4367.2
review: Gives you anger/trust issues
game-hours: 1542.8
review: the best receiver wc3 dota map
game-hours: 778.5
review: The 5th person to join our 4-stack via matchmaking was a foul-mouthed, russian feeder. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 1208.0
review: test test
game-hours: 959.5
review: best game ever and always will be #Dota2 #TI4 #PrizePool
game-hours: 885.2
review: /10 It's such a great game, with a large number of Russian servers, so many in fact, that they can't be contained by other country borders. Brings on social anxiety and depression, great game, would recommend to friends.
game-hours: 1042.4
review: Why go to a comedy when you can play on Russian servers?
game-hours: 1058.1
review: If you're looking for depression, easy way to drop out of school, isolation from everyone, this is the game for you. Very addicting and rewarding,  cyka .
game-hours: 816.1
review: One does not simply don't play this game.
game-hours: 1299.9
review: Good game for MoBA, beter than LoL i guess, Nice graphic, customable heroes,big trade community and stuff
game-hours: 1804.4
review: I began playing Dota 2 at a time when I thought "MOBA" games were the weakest of the game genres. I always thought it was weird to play a game like this and whenever I saw gameplay videos of Dota 2 - I had no idea what the heck was going on. It never occured to me though, that this game would have baited me in for more hours of playtime. When I first started Dota, there was some training missions I had to go through. These explained the basics pretty well to me and eventually, I thought I knew what I was doing. Also, I also thought there would've been some sort of story mode (Due to the way the training was presented). Unfortunately, there was none but I could see some potential for a story-like mode. Although during my first public matchup, I did feel like quiting because I really did have no idea what I was doing and my "teammates" were complaining about how bad I was TO THE OTHER TEAM (That's right; the other team/our enemies). Then they all began calling me a noob. The amount of insults I received were terrible, but eventually I had a few other friends play the game along with me and that's when things began to change. That's when Dota 2 became something I actually loved to play because of friends, and because my friends and I got better. It came to a point when we started to insult the enemy team whenever we trashed them. Everytime we do that, it would just end up with us having fun regardless of us winning or not. That's what Dota 2 is for me: having a good time with friends and having fun. I then tried LoL and I came to the conclusion: Dota 2 > LoL So since this game is free to play, I highly recommend it. It's free so I say, "Why not?". It's best played with people you know, after all- it is a team based game. There are more things to talk about in Dota, but if you want to know what they are, play the game. Experience it.
game-hours: 2805.3
review: just nice game but i want arcana for faceless void
game-hours: 1805.1
review: game sepanjang masa
game-hours: 1563.9
review: A MOBA game with pure Awesomeness and Unlimited fun . A game where you can play with your friends and make good strategies.
game-hours: 1875.7
review: Do you want to raise your blood pressure ? ruin your nerve system ? and learn russian at the same time ? then this game is for you !
game-hours: 2702.4
review: Great competitive game but not so friendly for true hardcore gamers like me. Matchmaking system still way too bad. Should be changed to ELO system. Too many cosmetic items. But overall the game is nice. Unless you play too much.
game-hours: 436.6
review: Wonderful game. Very entertaining and the atmosphere is a little more relaxed then the other popular mobas. The beauty of this game is that it tends to emphasize individual initiative more than your ability to emulate the latest guides. As cool as that is nothing really compares to the strong sense of nostalgia players of Dota 1 will feel while playing since the game barrows as heavily from the original as is legally possible. That said you absolutely have to play with at least two friends otherwise you're playing experience will go to hell very quickly 1 - No regionalization of servers - ae: Theres going to be a lot of psychotic chittering mic spam and people who think they speak English are just going to shriek at you with preposterous accents. Unless reliving you're favorite moments of Full Metal Jacket strikes you as being the epitome of strategic entertainment you'll want to queue with some friends. 2 - Self Imposed Dictators - ae: Everyone knows the self important team leader type. Some stranger you have never met, seen or heard of who feels that its perfectly acceptable for him to tell you what skills you're going to pick during ability draft ext. Unless you enjoy angry, nasally congested, petty and vindictive mic spam you'll want to grab some friends. 3 - Steam is still technically PG-7 - ae: Only the characters in your games are allowed to curse. Stating to another player "wow you sure suck at dota!" is a punishable offence. This issue is compounded by the fact that the ban system is automated. A player will automatically be banned based on the number of reports they accrue cross scaled by time they accrued them in. Fortunately I have managed to avoid any of the chat bans but some of my friends havent been so lucky... Consider the math. One in four people on the internet may be defective. Four reports within a 2 hour period may get you banned. You play three 40 minute games. How is that going to shake out for you in the long run? It may not happen to you and it hasnt happened to me but sooner or later you are going to get flagged and auto punished by the assbrains and this could compromise youre whole steam account. You dont have to be a victim of an injustice to speak against it and I believe flatly that automated oversight is as dangerous as no oversight at all. Dangerous and foolish business. So like I said, bring at least two friends with you or prepare for a pretty hellacious experience. Otherwise its very fun.
game-hours: 2382.3
review: awesome
game-hours: 1279.5
review: :))))))))
game-hours: 1766.2
review: what a awesome game :D but learn russian before you try it because its full of  russians really recommended
game-hours: 1618.9
review: If you are new to PC gaming or RTS/MOBA games, DotA 2 will appear as impenetrable as a wall. The learning curve for this game is by far the worst element of MOBAs. However, those of you with some experience with RTS games or are willing to learn will find the teamplay experience of DotA 2 an enjoyable. Would recommend to anyone with a competent PC and drive to play competitively.
game-hours: 2734.8
review: Nice game for competitive and rest ;)
game-hours: 773.7
review: best russian simulator ever
game-hours: 1104.3
review: A great game! its like 'League of Legends' but with a better community that will not ask you to kill yourself if you get a kill as support
game-hours: 125.9
review: Good Game Can Play Online :D
game-hours: 206.3
review: Dota 2 deserves its intimidating reputation, and it probably wont suit you if youre looking to play casually. Theres a huge time investment before you can even enjoy a game, let alone feel competent at it. But once you start to learn its secrets, theres a wild and exciting variety of play here thats unmatched, even by its peers. Its a challenge of knowledge as well as reflexes, and success is a rush. The fact that its completely and totally free to play in the way we wish all free-to-play games could be isnt just one of the most generous propositions anywhere in gaming, it creates a level playing field where skill and cooperation is paramount. May the best team win. PS. Dont play with Russians
game-hours: 2352.6
review: A game for which YOU have to use brain and brawns to win it!! A well worth E-Sport if i must say..
game-hours: 904.2
review: For sure one of the most amazing games.
game-hours: 2912.3
review: good game! A game of intense,strategy and fun! i would recommend it to my friends!
game-hours: 2258.2
review: Its Fun
game-hours: 921.4
review: It's dota, what else, best mmorpg ever
game-hours: 3004.6
review: Big learning curve but addictive as heck. Better than League of Bellends too.
game-hours: 4426.3
review: Murdered a donkey with a hammer. 10/10 -Omniknight
game-hours: 20.0
review: its really good
game-hours: 1151.3
review: Dendi Play it LOL
game-hours: 2150.5
review: nise game :D
game-hours: 2335.6
review: One of the best games I have ever played! <3 <3 <3
game-hours: 1726.5
review: VERY NICE GAME
game-hours: 706.7
review: aa    :3
game-hours: 157.2
review: yes i recommend this game
game-hours: 3485.4
review: the russians made me cry
game-hours: 920.9
review: ..
game-hours: 1633.5
review: igrica je mnogo dobra
game-hours: 1052.0
review: amazing game!!!
game-hours: 2602.7
review: nice game play it since dota1 in 2000
game-hours: 763.8
review: when i 1st played this game i did not know what was going on and i never knew you can buy items every 1 reported me because at the end of the game i had nothing.
game-hours: 2732.3
review: Like Gamee
game-hours: 809.4
review: Great Strategy Game to be Played!!! :) :)
game-hours: 46.1
review: is gud. doto 2 best doto
game-hours: 2271.2
review: awesome game
game-hours: 3604.3
review: BEST EVER
game-hours: 2998.9
review: 10/10 Ruined my Life, would recommend.
game-hours: 9.6
review: Amazing game! Love the Slayers reference.
game-hours: 3266.7
review: This game is sure follow reasons why i dont have. 1 i dont have girlfreind anymore. 2 dont have social skill only at work. 3 why i sit up long into the night on a friday night. 4 BUT HAVE  OFF FUN and alot off sets xD
game-hours: 1530.0
review: BEST SHAL
game-hours: 1687.7
review: This game makes my nipples so hard that it gives me a boner, plus this game is better than LoL but starcraft is the best DOTA DOTA DOTA OI OI OI
game-hours: 2794.4
review: well played !
game-hours: 3514.9
review: I love the smell of Dota 2 in the morning
game-hours: 1227.0
review: il like that
game-hours: 2070.2
review: i hate this game
game-hours: 1895.0
review: Good game for make mad
game-hours: 657.6
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 2475.3
review: This game is basically digital heroin.
game-hours: 4556.3
review: Nice game if you like dota 1, and warcraft 3 type of games.
game-hours: 2218.6
review: !
game-hours: 4703.7
review: epic community !!!!
game-hours: 208.5
review: I LOVE THIS GAME!
game-hours: 1716.1
review: AW
game-hours: 898.1
review: Better than LoL... LoL players can't DENY that.
game-hours: 799.5
review: Will you be erudite, dauntless, or divergent through the multiple combats and battles in this intense strategy-game? The choice is yours.. Fun game, much to learn, much to abide.
game-hours: 270.6
review: it gay doe
game-hours: 546.3
review: Free time!
game-hours: 1490.3
review: doto isn't fun
game-hours: 658.8
review: The only game you will ever need again.
game-hours: 1693.1
review: Great game!
game-hours: 475.1
review: Nice game but please eligible ban player, sometimes bad player trying to ruin a game
game-hours: 371.3
review: Dota 2 is a very strategic game and competitive
game-hours: 2478.3
review: GG MOBA GAME :D
game-hours: 2078.9
review: Nice game. Recommend it so much.
game-hours: 934.3
review: DOTA is LIFE
game-hours: 1284.8
review: seru abis
game-hours: 0.3
review: ^_^
game-hours: 951.7
review: 11/10. Also you can learn Russian language. ^_^
game-hours: 29.2
review: ITS THE BEST GAME
game-hours: 512.5
review: this game is awesome!!!!!
game-hours: 361.1
review: I Recommend this game for those of you that are Busted, BrokenHearted, Best friend Zoned, Friend Zoned, Brother Zoned & Sister Zoned. You'll Die Virgin & Single. Love you all <3
game-hours: 327.4
review: Best MOBA game ever. No argument
game-hours: 4818.2
review: TADO
game-hours: 919.7
review: Definitely a great game.
game-hours: 41.7
review: wow
game-hours: 1955.4
review: give SOUL KEEPER pls
game-hours: 1542.6
review: Killed it.
game-hours: 1660.1
review: Start Now !!
game-hours: 343.8
review: Coolest game ever made !
game-hours: 2226.5
review: Well that escalated quickly...
game-hours: 852.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 890.2
review: This is the Best Ever Games in the world for Me ...
game-hours: 2320.1
review: very good horror game set in russia in an apocalyptic setting where autism has taken over the world i r8 8/8 game is very spooky i do not recommend for kids
game-hours: 23.3
review: this is my rvampd rvew of dota 2, my favret gam. pros: EXCELINT GAMPLEY! FUN COMBIT! VERY FRENDLY COMUNITY! VERY GOO STARGETY! u will meet gud frens, play intsense combit, and startergize with complix stratergies with ur new bes frends. the gamply is non-tedious an ther ar lodes of unique area 2 explor!!! the combit is vary intensne. when u c a guy yu wil hav 2 pull of vary vary complix and respondive keystrokes 2 be the victr with this games hare raisin and reflex base combit. u wil fel like a god as you blaize thru enemy lins with intense magik combit and complex movment. comunity is vary frendly and wil trete u with respec an suppoert thru ur jurney as u explore all th lands dota 2 has 2 offer. lik all mobas, this gams community cars about ur fun mor than wining. stratergy is vary compelx and u wil hav 2 try vary hard 2 decide wher 2 go and wat 2 do ther, her are sum of my favrit startegys. -tel ppl whethr 2 go mid hi or lo -waolk behine sumbuddy and use ur imense skil 2 gonk them in in intense batel off waolking bak n forth. -tel ppl what 2 buy -tell ppl what turet 2 destry ik u r like "OMG THAT IS SO COMPELX OPTION! HOW AM I 2 REMEBER AND PUT 2 GUD USE?" but wen ur playeing im sur ur bes frend u meet will remine u politly. evry vicrtry is no big dele and u will feel acomplish an b treat with respect by ur frens. rlly is thare anythin this game doesent have?!!?
game-hours: 2873.6
review: the best moba, the one and only
game-hours: 1303.3
review: I've been playing this game for many years now , the most strategic game to play for my opinion ,especially when you play it with your mates.
game-hours: 2.4
review: Im not liking it alot.Im not some fan of strategy games
game-hours: 688.6
review: GG ever
game-hours: 3395.9
review: good to spend 10-15 free minutes
game-hours: 146.0
review: GG sir
game-hours: 4394.7
review: Filled with mads and bads. Must play.
game-hours: 1226.7
review: Is gut geim
game-hours: 1714.0
review: ~~!~~
game-hours: 1513.7
review: DOTA IS ING AMAZING!!!!! THATS ALL I CAN SAY.
game-hours: 2178.5
review: Nice
game-hours: 1853.9
review: prefect game!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1375.0
review: nice
game-hours: 838.2
review: Best Game Ever! \m/
game-hours: 1234.6
review: i dunno what shoul i say>_< hihi
game-hours: 1997.4
review: This game has ruined my life, I would recommend to everyone.
game-hours: 528.2
review: forget about it i am dead
game-hours: 221.1
review: 10/10 BEST RUSSIAN HATE SIMULATOR EVER!
game-hours: 1985.6
review: -0-
game-hours: 255.4
review: Nice game forever
game-hours: 5.1
review: This is a game. It is harder than Obama's  when he first put on a pair of Jordans. I recommend it if you have a lot of time, and sperm on your hands. If you play this game you will hate children forever. Yours Truly- Rejekted
game-hours: 3576.9
review: One of the best game in Steam.
game-hours: 132.1
review: I AM RUSSIAN BOI REIN, DOTA IS MY FAVORITE GAME BECASUE IT HELPS ME FORGET ABOUT BRUTAL COMMUNIST REGIME. ME SISTER AND MA WERE SOLD TO BUY POTATOES, BUT LINA IS MY SISTER NOW AND MIRIANA IS ME MA. I LOVE DOTA SO MUCH. NO COPYPASTA PLZ.
game-hours: 1332.3
review: Nice game.
game-hours: 2153.3
review: dota 2 is the best strategy game i'ever played but servers are mostlu unstable. If the developers actaully take action against this is issue, i would rate dota 2 as the best game in the world.
game-hours: 251.2
review: Dis some good
game-hours: 2734.7
review: Awesome game! You gotta try it! :D
game-hours: 1590.6
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 818.7
review: I hated pinoys after playing this
game-hours: 1744.6
review: Truly a game that gets you accomplished but angry at the same time.
game-hours: 0.7
review: This is a trash game: missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle,.
game-hours: 3239.0
review: Defense of the Ancients 2. Probably the game that has sapped more time out of my life than anything else, for a good reason at least. This is the first MOBA I have played and by far the best. While this game can be so infuriating with its RNG heroes that I can blame every time I die, PA, Void, Troll, pretty much anything with inbuild crits/evasion/bash, even Sange, Halberd and SnY slow if you are really into blaming the RNG on your demise. So what's the appeal in a game, with a limited number of heroes, however it was 109 so that's quite a lot to call it limited, but it's the same concept every game, you and 4 russians must defeat 5 russians on the enemy team. Sorry for sterotypes, but the primary object is a 5 vs 5 game, it has transition phases, at the start is the Laning phase, the objective is to gain farm, and deny farm. Gank, and countergank, pull and stack. There is a lot to do and that just dictates the first 10 minutes of the game. Then teamplay, map awareness comes into play as the game continues. This addictive cycle will make you want to perfect your last hitting, your knowledge of the game, how to outplay your enemies and lead you to victory. You strive for victory every game. I don't exactly know how I came to spend so long on this game but I know for certain that it won't end anytime soon.
game-hours: 17.4
review: dis gaem iz piss
game-hours: 62.6
review: Get yelled at by people in languages you can't understand. Get yelled at for dying. Get blamed for teammates dying. But the yelling doesn't matter because for all you know, they could be complimenting you. But it is a free language learing software which you can't really find anywhere else. 10/10 learned russian.
game-hours: 1656.6
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 85.2
review: Dota blows.
game-hours: 399.0
review: Love this game. I played League of Legends before this, heard about Dota 2 and thought Dota 2 was going to suck, but i play this more now.
game-hours: 2706.8
review: an exellent example of a game that requires teamwork. made lots of good friends here. be patient and learn the mechanics, u will end up enjoying the game a hell of alot more. be patient though, especially with (no stereotyping) pinoys and russians...... The picks they make... lol. and for the love of good stop playing riki! 9.5/10. my game of the year for 2013 Game in Review as of 26th March 2015- Not much changes from my first review, except for some terrible events from valve, such as the oracle PA fest, as well as the year best 2015 which constantly crashed servers in it's ludicrous pay to win concept. Really hope this does not become the norm for dota. Other than that, current meta is pretty stale with SF, sniper and jug in every game. Hope TI5 changes things up for the community. Side Note. Managed to learn fluent russian and tagalog in this 2 years. Who knew dota was a language simulator?
game-hours: 1117.9
review: Menghabiskan umur, serius !!!
game-hours: 352.4
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1191.3
review: wow such language sim very strat super fun
game-hours: 2127.0
review: yes
game-hours: 2371.0
review: very good game , and a lot of fun
game-hours: 994.7
review: An interesting proposition. Unlike most games, this is the gift that keeps on giving. Over the lifetime of dota 2 many additions have been made, and many continue to come along. Dota 2 is based on an old warcraft mod, and on a weekly and monthly basis, valve continues to update and add features to the game. Aside from being a lucrative scene for competitive gamers, it also has a steep learning curve and endless combinations as far as team compisitons go. If you aren't the kind of person who likes to play versus other players, the game allows you to play cooperatively against bots. And to further add to the lifespan of the game, the developers release festive events every 3-5 months to add something extra for players to do. As the game is free to play, this game can potentially net you some gains in the form of the marketable items you recieve for playing.
game-hours: 315.2
review: Well created and fun to play.
game-hours: 1678.5
review: Never thought I'd enjoy playing a game where other players continuously ask me to develop some form of cancer and then burn in a fire for securing a kill.
game-hours: 2804.0
review: Best game ever made
game-hours: 2720.2
review: Come on! Guys, Let's fight!
game-hours: 3941.0
review: Niceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
game-hours: 2993.9
review: nice
game-hours: 1802.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 811.8
review: ouzoum
game-hours: 3899.0
review: awesome Game ;)
game-hours: 4486.6
review: yes
game-hours: 581.9
review: hay vi lun
game-hours: 664.8
review: this game can be really fun sometimes other times i hate myself for playing it at all
game-hours: 1110.4
review: uuuuuggggghhhhhhhh
game-hours: 1507.2
review: this game wrecked my social life ! good games for teamwork
game-hours: 1286.9
review: yes because it is fun to play :D
game-hours: 809.4
review: Great Strategy Game to be Played!!! :) :)
game-hours: 940.9
review: Do you like MOBAs? Enjoy League of Legends or SMITE? Well this game is, of coruse, another MOBA. However it is also the ORIGINAL MOBA. One of the things you may love or hate about Dota is that there isnt really any sort on unfairness to new players beyond skill. If a person with 10,000 hours faces a player who has only 12 they have no different items, no different heroes, no different abilities. The veteran may have new aesthetic things but the only thing seperating them will be skill. If you're new to MOBAs I encourage you to try this one, they are very fun and are fortunately not pay to win.
game-hours: 519.7
review: 10/10 a game where I can rek scrubs.
game-hours: 1292.0
review: this dota2 is very great for my life and love playing pudge,invoker,juggernut i hope i meet dendi someday
game-hours: 709.7
review: Not League of Legends
game-hours: 1336.9
review: Why can't I use my tango on Treant? 10/10
game-hours: 1041.7
review: goood !!
game-hours: 1699.3
review: Its actually free no stupid microtransactions that make it pay to win so download this thing now
game-hours: 241.9
review: cool beans
game-hours: 2963.5
review: One day, a wise man introduce me into this game. "it shall protect your virginity, my lad" he said.
game-hours: 769.8
review: Queue with at least four other people or you will be teamed with mindless South Americans and/or Russians.
game-hours: 3294.4
review: "Welcome to Dota 2: You Suck" TL;DR : Amazing game, try it. I was never really the type of guy to play one game for prolonged periods of time, but there are exceptions. Dota 2 is one of them. I discovered this game through a friend, downloaded it, played it, immediately hated it, and everything about it. But not because it was a horrible game. I hated it because it was soul-crushingly cruel; coming from FPS games, I was tossed into the game with no idea on how to play passed last hitting. Even that, I couldn't do right. After about six hours of trying heroes, different lane combinations/strategies, and subsequently feeding, I essentially gave up on it. Three months later, I decided that I didn't give Dota the chance it deserved. I redownloaded it, studied up on guides, practiced for hours as one hero until I got it right, and I found that this game was much deeper than I had initially thought. I was a long-time FPS player, but I was familiar with League of Legends. In LoL, you're expected to push and harass; amass gold, gank and kill to win. Simple, right? So I thought the same should be done for Dota 2. Just push the lane until I win, that's how things are in League. I learned one thing after hours and hours of getting owned by Medium Co-Op bots: Dota 2 isn't LoL. Not even close. In LoL, it's basically a pushing contest with ganks thrown in. In Dota 2, I had to learn how to counter pick, orbwalk, gank, control creep waves, stack jungle camps, stack ancients with helm of the dominator, deny junglers EXP by placing wards in camps, harass without getting aggro, what heroes countered my heroes (all of them), which lanes are best for which heroes, learn when it's better to defend or trade towers, when to buy items like Hand of Midas. It's a daunting task for... anyone. To learn all of that at once would be nothing short of overwhelming. But you don't learn it all at once, you learn it through hours and hours of humiliation and practice. Then there are the heroes; I prefer Dota 2 heroes over LoL Champions. In LoL, they expect you to work for heroes or buy them right-out with real world money, the same for any cosmetic items you may want. Dota hands you all the heroes in the game for free, and any item you see in the shop can be earned (at random) through playing a match. The items are also tradeable. The champions in League were always so-so to me, I never really connected with them either because they looked cartoony to me or because they just simply didn't talk enough/have enough lines. Heroes in Dota are rather serious and usually have over a hundred lines each, which really lets you get a good feel for who they are. Note: I don't dislike LoL as I've played it myself, I just prefer Dota. Like I said before, I was a long-time FPS shooter before coming to Dota 2 (I still am, but I digress), and a part of why it was fun was because I had friends playing with me. Yeah, I get to talk to people I know while we kill random people online, that's fun. But it was just us going rogue and seeing who can kill more people than the other while we talk about mundane things. Dota 2 is different. My friends and I found that we *had* to rely on each other to win. We were given the opportunity to organize plans, tell each other what we were doing, if we needed a gank, ect. High fives went around the room whenever we won, and gaming with friends has never been more fun. Dota 2 is that rare type of game that doesn't hold your hand through it all; you don't just pick it up instantly. It demands your time and attention; it deserves it. Dota 2 has one of the steepest learning curves of any game, the steepest I've ever experienced. But that doesn't take away from how great the game is; even when you fail, it only feeds your desire to become better. You get to reading more guides, finding which heroes you play best with, getting rid of the ones you don't, learning of the strategies you could use, and learn how to talk with your team. Much more emphasis is placed on learning, practicing and communication than most games, but that only adds to the greatness. Dota 2 is needlessly cruel, but it may be the most fun you'll ever have. An amazing game, there's no reason why you aren't playing it. Give it a try, you won't be sorry when you come out of it.
game-hours: 1747.8
review: go to regions, choose between russia, russia, russia, russia, russia and russia. find a match, play with russians,  rage quit ez loss ez life 10/10
game-hours: 1903.8
review: This morning. I had the offer to either have sex or play Dota, I told her to wait until my game was done. Dota will make you turn down sex. You dont want an abandon and the possible Low priority hellish nightmare. Dont download this game. You'll say "Ill play one game and then go to bed" and then youll hear that spongebob voice say "9 hours later" and youll be like. Wtf where did my day go. Oh well I might as well stay up all day and play until tonight. Its a monster. A vicious circle. It awakens inside of you and makes you want to kick small children, beat your wife, masturbate and open every door in the house without washing your hands first. Save yourselves!@ You must look within! Have a life!
game-hours: 779.7
review: This game is extremely fun to play. Very team-based, but it still involves a lot of player skill. Don't be discouraged if you play your first match and die 20 times. This game has a very large learning curve, and you will become a good player with practice. I recommend playing a game with bots before you play against players. This gives you an idea of the mechanics of the game, as well as some of the heros' abilities. Overall, a very great game...and free!
game-hours: 1981.9
review: This game....... Many times i've told myself to stop playing, to resist the constant urge to 'pwn' scrubs in public matchmaking...BUT as singsong would say "NEIN"! DOTA IS LIFE! And well GGWP Thanks Dota 6 month anniversary, Still flaming :) -10/10- Also ruins social lives
game-hours: 2814.2
review: best game ever
game-hours: 882.8
review: >We need wards. >We need wards. >We need wards.
game-hours: 1402.8
review: One of the best free 2 play games. Best f2p game on Steam. You should try it! But there is something, what I dont like on Dota 2. Over powered heroes. :( 97/100 9/10 4.8/5
game-hours: 403.2
review: Lol, Dota, dont play this game if you want social gaming
game-hours: 690.0
review: My favorite games on steam! If you play a lot and your good come join my guild! My guild is called Calicos Crew (Crew). We are planning to go into tornaments and crush the competition. I highly reccomend this game if you have steam why haven't you downloaded this game yet. Click that install button. Oh yeah best part its free!
game-hours: 832.0
review: Awesome game that requires some competence and skill, unlike noob games like LoL. LoL=League of Losers. Don't play in a league of losers, play DotA 2.
game-hours: 1293.1
review: Under no circumstances should you play this game. Go for a walk instead. Teach yourself guitar. Anything but this.
game-hours: 4354.8
review: Great game!
game-hours: 1121.9
review: Full of Russians which do the opposite to what you say 101/9
game-hours: 1488.2
review: Hide your wife, hide your children, hell hide your dog to because DOTA2 is going to get you =)
game-hours: 5868.1
review: go go go
game-hours: 911.5
review: Best way to experience the culture of Russia, without ever having to go to Russia. ,    ,    ,          . 10/10.   .
game-hours: 3959.2
review: BEst game in the world!
game-hours: 1888.3
review: good game
game-hours: 2033.6
review: ...
game-hours: 1507.7
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 1234.3
review: Great game. Masssive learning curve and never gets boring
game-hours: 1574.5
review: bad
game-hours: 1460.9
review: good game
game-hours: 872.1
review: This Is a Good Game
game-hours: 1037.1
review: gr8 ga3m m8 i r8 8/8
game-hours: 568.1
review: Game is hard. Mid or feed.
game-hours: 2714.9
review: Best game ever!!!
game-hours: 1.4
review: neat game, not one of my favourites though
game-hours: 114.7
review: These Game is Asome
game-hours: 883.8
review: love it
game-hours: 935.0
review: I am totally addicted to DOTA 2. long times ago, I didn't play Dota 1 because I think it sucks. But now, Dota 2 is totally different. The graphic is good. The game is smooth. The battle is fun. This game is awesome. But it has one flaw, the server is suck. We need more server on asia. Overall , on scale 1 to 10. I give 9.
game-hours: 1536.9
review: its a very sexy game/..
game-hours: 572.9
review: DotA 2. You either love it or you hate it. Also has one of the most tastiest free to play models out there.
game-hours: 1016.2
review: NIce game wid addictive atmosphere and international exposure of a player...... having frnds all over the world and fighting as a team really nice one..!! :-) love itt..!!
game-hours: 2.1
review: Ez egy . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. JTK
game-hours: 996.7
review: This game is great and I do really recommend this game! If you are a more casual player, this may not be a game for you. On my channel I sometimes post Dota 2 content:
game-hours: 308.2
review: Hi, I'm paul. 10/10
game-hours: 1536.6
review: Never played better game !!
game-hours: 1087.3
review: Made me Racist 10/10
game-hours: 2665.6
review: Help me.
game-hours: 3015.0
review: Dota never END :)
game-hours: 1077.1
review: ggwp
game-hours: 1053.6
review: this game is the best
game-hours: 1950.5
review: ebin gaem
game-hours: 1319.6
review: racism conditioning simulator 2014
game-hours: 389.5
review: The most addicting game you will ever play. 9.0/10
game-hours: 680.9
review: THE BEST GAME EVER. Iven if you dont know how to play good, you will always have fun
game-hours: 4578.4
review: game
game-hours: 591.1
review: Brings back the old Dota feel but still more enjoyable and challenging. Still gives me the same satisfaction as the first one, only this time it's better with the skins, UI, etc.
game-hours: 2465.4
review: Dont get started, you will only waste your life. but 10/10, will do it again.
game-hours: 4337.5
review: i love dota 2...!!! i wanna be the best player!
game-hours: 2127.2
review: the legacies of moba, legend. enough said..
game-hours: 1481.0
review: very intersting
game-hours: 2512.7
review: This game is so cool. Really worth to play this game.
game-hours: 1836.5
review: Nice
game-hours: 2420.5
review: Great game. Can totally ruin your life if you're not careful.
game-hours: 1963.3
review: 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 1666.3
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 3280.8
review: best game to play stoned! :P
game-hours: 2684.0
review: very good
game-hours: 3095.8
review: Dota. Dota. Dota, Dota, Dota Dota Dota Dota. What do you know about Dota? I know that it's the best competitive teamplay game in existance. Fun may or may not be found there, but once you get good, sure as hell you will have satisfaction from outplaying these pesky Queen of Pain and Invoker with your Earth Spirit or rampaging through the enemy team in Chronosphere as a Void who was allowed to farm for a little too long. You will have fun sometimes. You will get mad. You will get mad a lot. And you'll love it. 11/10 would sell my soul for.
game-hours: 1487.0
review: Verni Nice Game!
game-hours: 441.9
review: Best game ever. Nothing to say anymore
game-hours: 645.0
review: One of the best Esport games in history. A lot of people have problems with it's steep learning curve. It'll be hard for really long time to compete with veterans but it's an Esport game so that's what you should expect from games of this type. Also prepare for flaming from Russians. They think everyone know their language so they select all servers to 'communicate' with wider range of people.
game-hours: 1763.5
review: Cool Games, Try it !
game-hours: 3729.6
review: ok iyi
game-hours: 806.4
review: A greatest game that i never played before~
game-hours: 1387.8
review: the grapic is so cool and all the hero is so odd!
game-hours: 1857.4
review: Unstoplable, its beyond godlike!
game-hours: 987.2
review: this game is amazing.. train u how to plan a strategy
game-hours: 1157.4
review: This is a game that like a game. lol
game-hours: 3477.5
review: awesome game
game-hours: 325.0
review: yeah
game-hours: 319.1
review: Nice game. Addicting
game-hours: 134.9
review: Nice one !!!
game-hours: 132.3
review: yes
game-hours: 2241.8
review: BEST
game-hours: 2088.8
review: ye
game-hours: 534.0
review: good game
game-hours: 1612.8
review: because everyone loves dota!
game-hours: 2597.6
review: like this game very much when im ing high and playing for the fun not to win its only a game  ruski bljad allahu akbar
game-hours: 1019.0
review: What can I say about Dota 2? The endless amount of replayability? The tons of heroes you can pick and practice to become the very best (like no one ever was)? How about this, let's talk about the endless amount of Russians. Russians, Russians be everwhere all like "", "blyat", "putin" and all that other fancy Russian . Volvo fix asap pls. 11/10 would play again.
game-hours: 641.2
review: A thoroughly intricate game with massive emphasis put on both skills and knowledge, it is not recommended for casual gamers or for those seeking for some "easy enjoyment". With over a hundred heroes with their own unique abilities and ways to specifically build and play said heroes, as well as their weaknesses and strengths when paired with other heroes, it is arguably comparative to dynamic chess, if not more complicated. Coupled with the iconic map as well as over a hundred items, there is no possible hope of having a sense of deja vu in this game. Of course, it entails an extremely steep learning curve but those who are willing to plough through the enourmous amounts of literature on the game and develop the necessary skills to make them competent will be greatly rewarded, albeit at the cost of their social lives (which has sadly happened to me). Of course, there is no end to learning in Dota. It is said that only 50% of the time is spent in the game. The rest is spent on reading up skills, builds, and other playstyles as well as watching videos of professionals duking it out with each other. Whether one derives enjoyment in self improvement through reading and watching is another matter. On the other hand, the infamous Dota community is a force to be reckoned with, as they are not so forgiving as communities of other games such as Starcraft. A piece of advice for newcomers-don't let negative comments put you off the game, everybody has to start somewhere.
game-hours: 4612.1
review: Amazing gameplay yet with a huge learning curve. Definitely the best MOBA until this day. F2P, a fair game I'd say. There are 100+ heroes, and they're all balanced :) You can pay for hats/cosmetics, but they don't affect the game itself, but the game experience, as they only change the interface or your hero's outfit/animation/effect. "The workshop is strong with this one." -Yoda This game has a lot of attention, it is updated, fixed, balanced as fast as noticed necessary. There are also some cool events throughout the year. Englobes many different strategies and play styles that will widen your vision, clutch skills, teamwork and help you improve your prestidigitation. Requires training. If you want to play this game, you should be open-minded, willing to learn. You may play this for years and still be able to learn new stuff. All in all it's totally worth it. And yeah, we now have techies :D gg 10/10 Here's a good and detailed guide:
game-hours: 1321.0
review: best game i ever seen lol
game-hours: 2027.7
review: doto is good, volvo giff techies please
game-hours: 593.2
review: A fun and enjoyable game
game-hours: 272.8
review: I recommend this game :D cuase you need Team work :)
game-hours: 1513.0
review: Once you are in. You cant Get OUT! ...
game-hours: 2894.9
review: Awesome if you want to have no life pretty much ever again... Takes a long time to get used to but once you do? You'll wish you never did.
game-hours: 1783.9
review: One of the best game on Steam :D
game-hours: 355.9
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 917.8
review: :P
game-hours: 151.1
review: update lg update lg --" #lol
game-hours: 3227.4
review: Best game ever, 10/10, MID OR FEED.
game-hours: 974.0
review: This is my review for one of my favorite games, Dota 2. Dota 2 is much like League of Legends, in the sense that it is a MOBA game, and the best MOBA out there. I have tried other MOBA's like LOL and Infinite Crisis, yet Dota 2 seems to prove its the best of them all. With over 100+ heros, Dota 2 is very diverse from other games where each hero has a great skill set and personality. Each hero serves a role in-game, and items are bought to your choosing or what best fits the hero. But the game is very balanced, because each skill and items can be countered by another skill or items. This makes each and every game unique and very stratigic based. After over 500+ hours in-game, I have come to love this game. You couldn't ask more from a free game, and it is very fun. Although it is free, the game does have a store where you can purchase items that change the appearance of your hero or HUD, to having the in-game voice somebody else, to making your own workshop content that could be put into game. Training for the game at first is very difficult, and alot to take in at first. But if you are persistant and play against bots to practice and better your skills, Dota 2 becomes one of the best games out there. Although the game is hard to understand at the start and the community is harsh on "noobs", with time this game is one of the best free games out there, and I highly recommend it.
game-hours: 165.9
review: It's like League of Legends, but you snowball harder. Never heard of league? Then it's like Heroes of Newerth, but with mroe foreigners. Never heard of HoN? It's like Dota 1, but with a 2 and better graphics. Never heard of Dota 1? It's like Smite, but top down instead of first person. Never heard of Smite? It's like Monday night combat, but top down, fun, and with developers who do . Never heard of Monday night combat? It's like CoD ghosts, but a different Genre. Oh and it's free. That too.
game-hours: 1439.1
review: bad game no one actually enjoys it but everyone can't stop playing it.
game-hours: 280.6
review: YES YES YES VERY GOOD GAME YES - Kuci Vupcarov
game-hours: 1980.2
review: It's all you'll ever need
game-hours: 1083.7
review: Diz gaem iz gud 10/10
game-hours: 388.6
review: I like this Bcoz its 3D and nice effects.....NOTHING to say BIG YES this game
game-hours: 607.3
review: This game has a lot of mechanics to it, be it controlling your character, managing other units at the same time. Game is hard to pick up, but worth learning the steep curve. If you've ever heard of League of Legends, this game is the hardcore mode of it. I would also confidently say that this game has a better community than League of Legends. Players are slightly more mature, and less hateful(?). I highly recommend this game to anybody that is looking for a game that has unlimited replay value, every game would be different, be it good games, or bad games. Sometimes you meet people who are rude, even though they did very badly in this game, sometimes you meet people that are actually doing what the team needs them to be doing.
game-hours: 564.6
review: Really awesome game, especially since it's free. Once you get into it, it becomes your life. Dota. Is. Life.
game-hours: 1643.6
review: !!!!!111
game-hours: 2470.2
review: best game ever !!!
game-hours: 5.2
review: This game is bad , the worst type of , it is the crappiest of . It is the dota
game-hours: 1085.6
review: +rep
game-hours: 2145.5
review: A very good follow-up to the original, which brings DOTA out of WarCraft mand into its own. I've played both DOTA and League of Legends -- DOTA 2 is superior in my book. Two thumbs up. Up the butt.
game-hours: 852.9
review: It sucks! ;)
game-hours: 2763.8
review: Nice game while we can do anything like strategy, combo, fast respond for hand and brain. This game is great for spent your time if you have nothing to do :)
game-hours: 17.6
review: WHOSE THAT GIRL
game-hours: 3278.0
review: 9/10 would russian again
game-hours: 517.9
review: I think this game is trying to eat my soul... I LOVE IT
game-hours: 1670.6
review: i prefer League and HoN. 10/10
game-hours: 1241.9
review: Do you HATE having sex with women, and would rather spend your time in an angry haze of racism and nerdy rage bonars? Well i have the game for you pal. For only free dollars, you can harrass strangers online and forget to click "accept game" one time and be unable to play for 30 minutes as a punishment. Free disciprin for playing a game? Sign me up am i right?!? Deepest mechanics of any multiplayer game without only relying on twitch reflex skills, but thoughtful planning and careful execution. If youve ever been on the giving end of a perfect gank, you'll want to put a couple hundred hours in or so before you decide whether you can deal with the 10 year olds and south americans.
game-hours: 3287.1
review: GO DOTA!
game-hours: 25.4
review: 1st hour of this game : "Man this game is ing boring..." Rest : "This game is so addictive O_O" <3
game-hours: 1227.7
review: i am addicted to this game now. lol
game-hours: 2465.0
review: a
game-hours: 828.8
review: having fun playing this game!
game-hours: 1599.7
review: This Game Really AMAZING...
game-hours: 116.1
review: When I first tried to play Dota 2 - around the same time it came out - I made the mistake of jumping right on in thinking I knew exactly what I was doing; obviously failing, I gave up and left about ten-minutes later, and throughout the course of a few months, I did this about five-times, because I wanted to understand what the big deal was about it, and why people found and still find this game so addictive. Up until recently, I hated it with a passion - not only for being killed over-and-over - but also for the sheer complexity of it overall, but, now I know, I wasn't taking the time to actually appreciate that complexity and realise that the learning curve was so full of depth, that if you set your mind to it, you can seriously enjoy it. Considering it's all based around one map, with the same game-mode every time, it's evident you'd think it'd get boring quickly - but you'd be wrong. Even though this is the case, there's so many different heroes, with different abilities, and different play-styles, it just makes it more enticing. It's also extremely strategic and teammates count for everything, which means you'll be working together and maybe even making some more friends. In conclusion: This game is worth every hour you're willing to invest into it, and if you enjoy learning, teamwork and have an addictive personality like me, then those hours are going to be endless.
game-hours: 982.8
review: LEARN TO SWEAR IN LANGUAGE YOU HAVE NEVER EVEN LEARNED, WHAT MORE CAN YOU ASK FOR? GET THIS GAME NOW.
game-hours: 3150.2
review: Got over 2k hours on this game , explains it all :)
game-hours: 1957.8
review: nice strategy base but seiously very addictive
game-hours: 533.9
review: 3ererefw
game-hours: 1814.0
review: very awssm game
game-hours: 1767.2
review: greater than dota 2
game-hours: 1496.4
review: +rep
game-hours: 2550.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 4451.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 16.6
review: Confirmed Battlefield when WWIII starts.
game-hours: 149.3
review: Hard when you start and you need to really practice but after a while you start to get the hang of it and that's when you can really enjoy it. It's a steep learning curve but if you keep going at it you'll eventually come to love it if you persevere
game-hours: 83.7
review: A great game everyone should try, if they like League of Legends. Dota 2 is very similar to LoL in many ways, with the gameplay, shops, and graphics. Although, in LoL you have to buy items, and there is no way to trade or earn anything. Plus, in LoL you get skins. In Dota, you get sets, with individual pieces. You can mix and match to your heart's content, and get discounted items from the Steam Community Market. A must play game! 5 out of 5 stars! <3
game-hours: 1891.9
review: Can confirm that this game is Dota 2.
game-hours: 0.2
review: The best ARTS game
game-hours: 1292.2
review: Awesome
game-hours: 1930.2
review: Fast-paced action, character development, deep mechanics, strategy-intensive, and incredibly competitive. I've never been able to play a game for this long without geting bored of it.
game-hours: 5.0
review: i just want a steam badge
game-hours: 1097.3
review: As of patch 6.82, this game has gone from an abusive relationship, to which I am treated horribly but yet cannot leave, to an absolute ing piece of . In an effort to BALANCE heroes they completely destroyed my favorite hero Phantom Lancer to the point where he is almost unplayable. His new passive is useless, his new illusions useless, his new escape, ING USELESS. He didn't even need to be nerfed but apparently people buying gems or dust is too ing hard to understand. Meanwhile Drow and Axe remain near unchanged, Bane is OP with agh, and countless other heros remain the same. However they did nerf sniper, so thats nice. But I am still left wondering WHY PHANTOM LANCER, WHY OUT OF ALL PEOPLE WOULD YOU NERF HIM?!?!? I still recommend this game if you hate free time, yourself, anybody that doesn't speak English, the outside, and phantom lancer.
game-hours: 267.2
review: This is a great game if you'd like to get in touch with Russian culture. Ten/
game-hours: 632.0
review: this is good :yay:
game-hours: 2231.8
review: nice
game-hours: 1911.5
review: veri ebig game i giv coment
game-hours: 2989.9
review: Best per simulator ever, 10/10
game-hours: 3758.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 129.4
review: It's an awesome game, have a lot of strategy in different kinds of heroes and you'll surely enjoy it.
game-hours: 541.9
review: it's fun
game-hours: 2413.9
review: Good game to learn russian language and culture though.
game-hours: 640.8
review: GG WP
game-hours: 1801.2
review: Something that my girlfriend just can't compete against.
game-hours: 1126.8
review: Had to go to rehab for this game 10/10 and I may not complete this review if the stupid "assistants" at this rehab catch measdaisjfafs
game-hours: 1782.2
review: Go big or go home son.
game-hours: 3564.1
review: Matt Damon
game-hours: 788.4
review: DotA 2... It's going to be the same as DotA, right? HoN copied DotA, I liked HoN, so I like this too. Not when going alone though. Going to a queue alone is... blergh.
game-hours: 247.0
review: comment
game-hours: 1616.5
review: godlike
game-hours: 3594.6
review: The ancients aren't gonna defend themselves, PUSH NOW!!!
game-hours: 1465.9
review: Easiest game of my life
game-hours: 31.3
review: lackluster animal crossing-esque. the customization options are decent but there is almost 0 customization of your house exterior. most of the customization options are presets, which there are loads of (probably 200~) but the community gets super mad when i choose the "Mepo" option. would not recommend to fellow animists
game-hours: 569.0
review: Great if you want to improve your Russian.
game-hours: 1528.8
review: Best game EVURRRRR 100000000/10
game-hours: 1084.8
review: good!
game-hours: 539.4
review: Good stuff bro
game-hours: 614.9
review: I am completely addicted to this amazing game. It requires immense strategy and total focus. Best game ever. 10/10 Would  Queen of Pain again.
game-hours: 296.6
review: Ever been yelled at by Peruvians? If no, then this is the game for you If yes, then you already play this game
game-hours: 0.4
review: This game gave me cancer.
game-hours: 2143.9
review: A great family game for you and your russian family to play together. Learn new languages such as prtugese, spanish, french, english and peruvian. Because everything i list here is true now go enjoy some family time.
game-hours: 1534.5
review: No matter how pissed off I get, I'll still find myself wanting to queue for another game. & I do. Omniknight OP
game-hours: 310.9
review: help me
game-hours: 1617.6
review: Terrible game, made me hate everyone and everything about life, 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 1234.0
review: Before this I had: A girlfriend, good grades, money, a job and a good social life, now I'm single, have ok-ish grades, no money, no job and have shouted my "friends" away. 10/10 Would recomend *Side note* This game teaches you languages better than classes or rosetta stone. I mean, I speak Russian and Filipino, now.
game-hours: 2812.7
review: Best competitive game ever.
game-hours: 1390.4
review: sucks
game-hours: 469.7
review: nice
game-hours: 3159.2
review: God of MOBA
game-hours: 1672.2
review: Just like Mario Party, Monopoly, And Super Smash Brothers, This game makes you hate yourself and everyone around you. You will lose some friends, and most likely will meet some, erm, interesting people. -Side note, would not reccommend unless you're trilingual. Download if you don't like your friends and if you have self confidence that you want to get rid of!
game-hours: 1967.3
review: Awesomeee :D
game-hours: 1208.5
review: like it
game-hours: 2774.0
review: It's pretty good game
game-hours: 1588.8
review: This is an amazing game with hundreds of hours of play time after an initial learning curve
game-hours: 1747.8
review: its ok
game-hours: 108.2
review: Is for plebs play habo hotel if yo'u'r'e' not a pleb lol
game-hours: 186.3
review: Addictive game for a freebie...hours will be spent not only playing, but researching how to best equip and build your characters.
game-hours: 938.6
review: nice game valve
game-hours: 4447.5
review: This game is too addicting..haha
game-hours: 1008.4
review: yeah nice game nice graphics...updated..
game-hours: 2867.5
review: <3
game-hours: 4094.7
review: Awesome game, addicting and it is free!
game-hours: 623.3
review: Killing things is good
game-hours: 1472.9
review: addictive...avoid at all cost!
game-hours: 470.3
review: - Disclaimer - This review is for the Standard Edition of Batman: Arkham City, as of 08/08/2014 the review feature for said game has been disabled - This game is a bomb. I've never been deeply into the Batman franchise, never read any comics. Back in the day when it was on TV, "Batman - The Animated Series" gained my attention and never lost it. Batman:Arkham city is arguably the best, longest and most refined entry in this current series of games. It was thankfully developed by the Rocksteady studio under the guidance of Paul Dini, the main writer for the Animated Series. That whole thing plays like a Batman movie produced by Christopher Nolan. Talking about immersion. You will think you are batman. And that the events happening really occur TO YOU as the witnessing player. Stunning graphics, excellent sound design and a well rounded combat system give this game the edge it needs to turn you into a non lethal crime fighting combat machine. Comes with leaderboards,challenge maps and a multiplayer mode, nothing short of a single player campaign 30+ hours rich, set up in an open air prison this game shows, how deep the rabbit whole of human cruelty really goes. This is lore wise easyly one of the best games I've ever played in my whole life and I hope Rocksteady will soon deliver an Arkham City 2 after the letdown that was Arkham Origins. That what you get when you change a winning team, Eidos. If you like super heros, or punching based action games, or just good movies in general, pls do yourself a favour and buy this game. It'll be a sad story if you miss out on it.
game-hours: 1742.0
review: Dota 2 has to be one of the most annoying, unlogical and stupid games of all time... but i still love it and play it almost every day. Bear in mind that i have only about 1000hrs on this game so my opinions and views are based only on the short time i have spent playing it (yes 1000hrs is not much game time at all) and i have only two bits of advice for some who is starting dota: 1. Stick at it, never give up, never give in. Comebacks are possible from almost any situation and although you will probably suck at first, only trying out the easiest of heroes - drow,riki,viper ect- soon you will become better, soon you will graduate from noob school and become novice level (like me), This happens at about 750hrs. 2. Dont rush for the same hero every time, even if you really like the hero dont do it. Picking every hero will teach you their abilities so you will know what each of them are capable of when you play with them or against them, so try randoming for the extra gold too. Do this until you have won a game as every hero or have played a hero atleast twice. Good luck and may Dendi be with you!
game-hours: 408.9
review: Real Time Strategy, micro one character, but strategize with bots, teammates, items, board features, and more! Replayability is like a physical sport, the game is different every time! One of the founders of the MOBA (Multiplayer Online Battle Arena) genre! One of my favorites obviously!
game-hours: 465.0
review: This game, like most Moba games, is like an abusive partner, it will hurt you and make you feel awful so you tell yourself you will stop yourself and that you will put an end to the relationship but when you confront it it pulls you close and whispers in your ear while gently carressing your back that it is sorry for hurting you so you forgive it and the cycle continues. Great game
game-hours: 451.3
review: DOTA 2 is quite an interesting game. Being a little complicated at first, one can be skillful and better at the game after several weeks (or months for some). I really do recommend this game.
game-hours: 4342.6
review: tak sebe :D
game-hours: 839.0
review: these ing scumbags put a set for skywrathmage on sale like half an hour after i brought it for liek 4 pound then it goes down to 81 pence....... money grabing
game-hours: 4.0
review: I'm 8 and what is dota :3:3:D
game-hours: 3830.7
review: Also known as TF2: Strategy edition.
game-hours: 747.4
review: Its a Really Fun and Addictive game for a person like Me thank you so much :D
game-hours: 1386.7
review: Real dota palyers learning languages in-game, it's awesome, now i can speak something on russian, like a "Mamky ebal, azaza".
game-hours: 225.0
review: Holla Holla Get Dallaz.
game-hours: 0.2
review: It's an amazing game - technically outstanding, showing all of Valve's usual polish and attention to detail, especially in the all-important multiplayer aspects. The continual balance tweaks and new heroes combined with the vast amount of content in the game offer countless hours of enjoyment. It's hard to master but good wins with your teammates are incredibly satisfying. It took me a long time to warm up to, but I'm helplessly addicted and every day look forward to getting home to fire this up with my friends. If you can spare the time - play it.
game-hours: 4.8
review: VERY FUN GAME
game-hours: 1602.1
review: i like this game
game-hours: 1100.9
review: What are you doing if you're not playing it?
game-hours: 1443.2
review: Good game, like it better than LoL. Takes a bit to get good at but worth learning.
game-hours: 2042.7
review: Dota 2 is a MOBA in which you don't need big bucks to be better than anyone else. A new player is just like an old player with the only differenece being the experience. The game is balanced to a very high degree and has a lot of tournements with stupidly large prize pools. The heroes are fun and unique, and the mechanics are great. In my opinion it is the best game in this genre so far.
game-hours: 923.1
review: Amzin game to loss time lol, its really coool try it
game-hours: 18.2
review: pretty good
game-hours: 72.8
review: VERY VERY NICE GAME AND MANY PPL ADDICTED TO THIS
game-hours: 249.4
review: This game rocks. You can choose between a variety of players and with 5v5, you can experience insanely awesome combat. Please take note that the animation might be different.
game-hours: 298.4
review: I have learned countless pinoy curse words throughout the game. 10/10 would learn curse words again
game-hours: 280.5
review: This game, what can i say about it. It has a great selection of heroes, with an absolute perfect balance with each one. A excellent combat system that is as paramount as the original DEFENSE OF THE ANCIENT. A store that does not sell you items that will piss off the opponent. A map design that doesen't have those ing bushes where people can hide and jsut ing ambush you when you walk by like in LOL. And a ingame item system that can actually effect the outcome of the game. But what i hate about this game, i quite a big list. First, there is no surrender button, therefore if you know you are going to lose, you would need to sit there for twenty minutes getting killed over and over again till your ancient falls. Also the community surronding the game is somewhat of a , first there are the racist comments, then there are the spanish and the russians that can't even speak a word of english. But overall, this game I find, is quite good. Why don't you come down to the SEA servers, where everyone shuts up and plays the game
game-hours: 39.8
review: My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, "If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately." Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- "Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through." I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway.
game-hours: 1412.1
review: Blyat Pudre Madre.
game-hours: 1651.5
review: Let's look at this in a civilized fashion. If DotA was a person, it would be Bill Gates, complete and perfect. However, DotA does not have it's own island. League of Legends is like the YMCA. It's full of children, who never had a taste of Bill Gates lifestyle. The people who have had a taste of it will never set foot in the YMCA ever again. Ever. Unless, of course, they find that everyone is too good, and they leave to join the YMCA (Nothing against the YMCA, but Bill Gates' life is probably better).
game-hours: 682.9
review: THIS IS DOTAAAAAAAAAAA!!!
game-hours: 1101.2
review: Dota 2 is my fav game and it is good because i have learned russian from it 10/10
game-hours: 1085.2
review: Yes this game is hard to learn. yes people can be rather aggressive. yes it is possibly the best multiplayer experience I've ever had and yes once you play at least 10 games you'll be hooked. I try to play at least one game a day and have been doing so for months and don't plan on stopping. Give the game a chance (more like 5) and I guarantee that you'll see why its the most played game on steam. be prepared to be dumbfounded as to why you were playing anything else. also a side note: the games free. steam is free. the only thing u have to lose from giving it a try is alil self respect in the beginning. but don't worry after one game where u actually do really good you'll feel like a million bucks.
game-hours: 1520.5
review: what else to say
game-hours: 1856.4
review: Makes me want to kill myself. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 1545.4
review: nothing in the world has ever made me this mad
game-hours: 1725.1
review: I had good grades until i started playing DotA, now im failing maths... 11/10 Would buy again
game-hours: 2666.5
review: Nice game, Russian language learning tool, patience simulator 2014, would play again, 10/10...
game-hours: 493.6
review: This game is awesome t(*o*t) unbelievable
game-hours: 1742.8
review: Already more than tousand hours during with teammates, friends, russians, and some others from whole world gamers ranked/public matches...find it a answer wich hero are the best, propably cant answered, the game so perfect, spend lot of time, so many heros...learn mechanics every hero needs a time...teamplay game, 1 man on war is nothing.
game-hours: 604.9
review: I entirely reccomend dota2 it is a game you can sink so much time into and not get bored.
game-hours: 695.1
review: best game ever
game-hours: 861.1
review: this game
game-hours: 1435.5
review: Nice Game !
game-hours: 418.6
review: Strategy Games :)
game-hours: 6595.0
review: ATTENTION!!! IS ADDICTIVE!!!
game-hours: 1101.6
review: Great game!! I love it!!
game-hours: 1136.1
review: Best MOBA with no dubt. If you are skilled, you will win. Recluit some friend and play with free to play game ! No pay to win , just an aggressive community :) You have to try it ! :D
game-hours: 129.2
review: DOTA 2 is the best Strategy game . Almost every gamers on steam have this game on their library XD
game-hours: 1.8
review: Dota 2.. what can I say? Well, first of all I can say that it is an unbalanced grind through a small level where big pink men fight the antichrist or something like that. I can also say that it is , and shouldn't even be considered for a download. Remember kids, you can't spell Dota 2 without C A N C E R. 1/10 would rather stick  in a blender whilst wearing the oculus rift, whilst playing Planet Horse.
game-hours: 6.4
review: L1ke skryims with a gun Ben/10
game-hours: 3302.6
review: 7/10 good game no flaws only bad thing is the community, 1. if you decide to play this game expect to be bashed on ie insulted on every worst possible scenerio until you finally become the one bashing the newbies.
game-hours: 0.8
review: Ihan ... League of Legends voittaa
game-hours: 730.5
review: zxdcZXC
game-hours: 471.6
review: Once upon a time a russian in the other team told me 'peka you good'. 10/10 vodkas would play again.
game-hours: 3189.8
review: Best Doto
game-hours: 699.6
review: Cool game
game-hours: 3728.4
review: If you love your family and friends. You should never play this game with them. Highly recommended!
game-hours: 1225.3
review: Blyat. After 1,000 hours of this game, I can say it is one of the best games I have played. But, I wouldn't advise you to play it as it will drain the F***ing soul out of you, and you will not have any life from then on. However, if you do decide to play this game, Report the Russians and flame your team.
game-hours: 1097.9
review: All around me are familiar Russians Worn out Peruvians, worn out Peruvians... Raging and feeding for the daily matches going nowhere, going nowhere. Their rage is filling up their cognitive skills no calmness, no calmness Hide my profile, i want to drown my losses No good players, no good players I find it kind of funny I find it kind of sad The matches where i abandoned are the best i ever had I find it hard to play with them I find it hard to farm Mad life, mad life Players waiting for the next international with Na'Vi Funny fails, funny fails And to feel that every player should Play skillfully, play skillfully Went to all pick and i was very nervous No one knew me, no one knew me Hello guys tell me, who should i pick? Rage right at me, rage right at me. And i find it kind of funny I find it kind of sad The matches where i abandoned were the best i've ever had I find it hard to play with them I find it hard to farm When players feed the enemy it's a very, very mad life, mad life. Ruining your life, mad life
game-hours: 2152.0
review: Dota 2 is the best game i have ever played for last few years.
game-hours: 802.6
review: good player and fast trader lol
game-hours: 2807.5
review: If you're into BDSM, you're into Dota
game-hours: 1616.6
review: Play 70+ min games where you feed and nurture your carry just for him to disconect in the middle of a crucial teamfight due to valves servers. 10/10 would cry myself to sleep again.
game-hours: 1446.7
review: You could have a career, a girlfriend, a family, some friends, success, money.But heres DotA 2 instead.
game-hours: 1340.9
review: good game, valve just need to get a better servers.
game-hours: 1261.6
review: 1500 hours of playing, never get tired of it 10/10
game-hours: 113.1
review: better than lol
game-hours: 89.8
review: its like wikked pukka mate
game-hours: 810.5
review: very good
game-hours: 3575.5
review: HAve a nice game!!!!!
game-hours: 720.0
review: :)
game-hours: 152.6
review: This game will take over your life, do not ever expect to do anything productive, you will lose contact will all outside life, you will break countless keyboards, every word in you vocabulary will be replaced with F***, overall i strongly recommend it.
game-hours: 1318.9
review: Dota2 is the highly successful sequel to the WarCraft 3 custom map Defense of the Ancients. The original DotA was the parent of the MOBA genre that we enjoy today, and Dota2 has done an amazing job carrying on the legacy. If you were a fan of the original, or enjoy the current MOBA games on the market such as League of Legends, Heroes of Newerth, or Smite - Give Dota2 a chance. There are literally dozens of heroes to choose from, with multiple item builds for each hero. This can make the learning curve a little steep, but there is a decent tutorial system in place for helping new players learn. There is also an improved bot mode now, where you can practice against AI and hone your skills until you feel comfortable playing with other players. Ranked play adds a more competitive arena for players looking to improve and advance, and there is now a solo mid 1v1 mode to practice laning if you so choose. Dota2 is an ever evolving game, and growing into a prominent E-Sports arena. It isn't for everyone, and players that get frustrated easily might want to avoid it. The community can be a bit hostile towards newer players, but with some patience you can find great players and make friends that will help you through the process.
game-hours: 751.5
review: Dota 2 is one of the most addicting games i have ever played 10/10 would recommend to a friend
game-hours: 1748.9
review: pick it up(Download DotA) take me back home, yeah(Buy TP when u get out of base nab!) there is nothing fair in this world(PA crits 15%, yeah SURE!) there is nothing safe in this world(Rikimaru safe farm, Slardar blink/bash) and there's nothing sure in this world(NeverMore 1100GPM) and there's nothing pure in this world(Rotund'jere Heartstopper Huskar likes) look for something left in this world(Jungle creeps says: what?) start again(Looking for match with high priority) come on, it's a nice day for a round of dotka before drink shots of vodka --Billy & PAC
game-hours: 806.7
review: wadeplay :3
game-hours: 422.3
review: better than crack
game-hours: 2109.3
review: This is the most wonderful sack of  game I have ever played. I wake up in the morning and think about this ing game all day. I skip out on breakfast trying to come up with new strategies to use in this stupid game. I go to class and get  grades because i'm thinking of good team comps to beat strangers that call my a  and try and impress my team who report me and tell me to uninstall. I go home and instead of doing something with my friends, if i had any, i play this ing game. As I am watching the stupid ing black volvo guy turn his head at me, i begin to think about my  life. I have no girlfriend, and I am still a virgin. I turn down requests to hang out with my real friends so I can gain imaginary points on this game. This game has ruined my ing life. There are so many characters and items and strategies. I ing love it. This is the most beautiful turd pile of a game I have ever played. 0/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 2902.1
review: !
game-hours: 953.1
review: asdasdsadasd
game-hours: 746.5
review: Your teammates will give you Cancer, Ebola and HIV.
game-hours: 2379.1
review: Best game
game-hours: 899.4
review: This is a really cool game, totally worth playing
game-hours: 1617.8
review: ALL HAIL MOTHER RUSSIA DONGIE LIKE  BLYAT
game-hours: 3766.1
review: edit: i think this game can never get boring but its the most frustrating game u can ever play, guarenteed. being locked into a game for 30-60 min at a time with obnoxious  can cause permanent brain damage. Proceed with caution. The one and only "MOBA" i'll ever play, simply because the genre is complete  and this is the only good one.
game-hours: 539.4
review: One of the very best Free-To-Play games that isn't buy-to-win. Highly recommend Dota 2!
game-hours: 1082.8
review: Great game :)) waiting for tech..
game-hours: 1275.6
review: try hard for playing this game
game-hours: 1319.6
review: good game
game-hours: 1372.1
review: If the game was a banana,it would be a good banana!!
game-hours: 1706.4
review: better than lol
game-hours: 2124.1
review: Awesome game!!
game-hours: 436.6
review: Wonderful game. Very entertaining and the atmosphere is a little more relaxed then the other popular mobas. The beauty of this game is that it tends to emphasize individual initiative more than your ability to emulate the latest guides. As cool as that is nothing really compares to the strong sense of nostalgia players of Dota 1 will feel while playing since the game barrows as heavily from the original as is legally possible. That said you absolutely have to play with at least two friends otherwise you're playing experience will go to hell very quickly 1 - No regionalization of servers - ae: Theres going to be a lot of psychotic chittering mic spam and people who think they speak English are just going to shriek at you with preposterous accents. Unless reliving you're favorite moments of Full Metal Jacket strikes you as being the epitome of strategic entertainment you'll want to queue with some friends. 2 - Self Imposed Dictators - ae: Everyone knows the self important team leader type. Some stranger you have never met, seen or heard of who feels that its perfectly acceptable for him to tell you what skills you're going to pick during ability draft ext. Unless you enjoy angry, nasally congested, petty and vindictive mic spam you'll want to grab some friends. 3 - Steam is still technically PG-7 - ae: Only the characters in your games are allowed to curse. Stating to another player "wow you sure suck at dota!" is a punishable offence. This issue is compounded by the fact that the ban system is automated. A player will automatically be banned based on the number of reports they accrue cross scaled by time they accrued them in. Fortunately I have managed to avoid any of the chat bans but some of my friends havent been so lucky... Consider the math. One in four people on the internet may be defective. Four reports within a 2 hour period may get you banned. You play three 40 minute games. How is that going to shake out for you in the long run? It may not happen to you and it hasnt happened to me but sooner or later you are going to get flagged and auto punished by the assbrains and this could compromise youre whole steam account. You dont have to be a victim of an injustice to speak against it and I believe flatly that automated oversight is as dangerous as no oversight at all. Dangerous and foolish business. So like I said, bring at least two friends with you or prepare for a pretty hellacious experience. Otherwise its very fun.
game-hours: 2382.3
review: awesome
game-hours: 1279.5
review: :))))))))
game-hours: 1766.2
review: what a awesome game :D but learn russian before you try it because its full of  russians really recommended
game-hours: 1618.9
review: If you are new to PC gaming or RTS/MOBA games, DotA 2 will appear as impenetrable as a wall. The learning curve for this game is by far the worst element of MOBAs. However, those of you with some experience with RTS games or are willing to learn will find the teamplay experience of DotA 2 an enjoyable. Would recommend to anyone with a competent PC and drive to play competitively.
game-hours: 2736.1
review: Nice game for competitive and rest ;)
game-hours: 773.7
review: best russian simulator ever
game-hours: 1104.3
review: A great game! its like 'League of Legends' but with a better community that will not ask you to kill yourself if you get a kill as support
game-hours: 125.9
review: Good Game Can Play Online :D
game-hours: 206.3
review: Dota 2 deserves its intimidating reputation, and it probably wont suit you if youre looking to play casually. Theres a huge time investment before you can even enjoy a game, let alone feel competent at it. But once you start to learn its secrets, theres a wild and exciting variety of play here thats unmatched, even by its peers. Its a challenge of knowledge as well as reflexes, and success is a rush. The fact that its completely and totally free to play in the way we wish all free-to-play games could be isnt just one of the most generous propositions anywhere in gaming, it creates a level playing field where skill and cooperation is paramount. May the best team win. PS. Dont play with Russians
game-hours: 2352.6
review: A game for which YOU have to use brain and brawns to win it!! A well worth E-Sport if i must say..
game-hours: 904.2
review: For sure one of the most amazing games.
game-hours: 2912.3
review: good game! A game of intense,strategy and fun! i would recommend it to my friends!
game-hours: 160.4
review: Easily the most fascinating strategy games in years and easily the most exciting to watch (regular matches to tournament / championships) Bringing the most spectacular and vividly detailed strategies to players and viewers alike. One of the most addicting games ever made; and one you can never master as something can always be countered. While some people may be turned off by the first few games due to he learning curve; rest assured if you dip atleast 10 hours into learning how to really play the game and the character you chose to start playing with, you will soon be engulfed in an AAA package unlike any other game, which is why I give it a 10/10 - Many RTS games, RPG Games, MOBA's, Hybrids, all bring new innovative things to plate; or end up getting big by copying a formula near exact (such as LoL... -sigh- ) - DOTA 2 is the best "Action Real Time Role Playing Game" or "MOBA" (Name doesn't matter) but it's the best in its field and one of the best online centered titles you'll ever play.
game-hours: 1129.4
review: A very good game to play with friends :)
game-hours: 7.5
review: Current meta sucks, next meta will probably suck just as well. This game is better off you recognizing every aspect of the game and getting used to the learning curve, play 600-2000 hours, get mad at it, and fanboy over professional teams. Fanboying and following professional teams and tournaments is the best way to go. Also the lore isn't half bad. TL;DR this game is better than League of ies
game-hours: 4268.3
review: ggwp
game-hours: 1039.7
review: Excellent
game-hours: 2111.6
review: Dota 2 is one epic game and will one day be bigger than Soccer and Rugby :)
game-hours: 2622.0
review: gg
game-hours: 0.2
review: 2 / 10 Total chink magnet. Only get this game if you plan on jacking off to , disguisting anime hiroshima videos.
game-hours: 1974.9
review: very good game, woudl recommend
game-hours: 131.0
review: Still better than LoL.
game-hours: 1036.6
review: It's pretty swell.
game-hours: 1314.9
review: Boss game ever made on the face of the earth!! GJ
game-hours: 889.6
review: One of the most addicting games I've played. Steep learning curve, sometimes harsh community, but fun to pick up and play. Everybody starts from scratch, and when you're done, "all the pieces go back in the box". THE standard for MOBA games. Get wrecked, never say NO to DOTA2.
game-hours: 2819.0
review: What a great game.
game-hours: 234.8
review: <3 it
game-hours: 2790.5
review: gong
game-hours: 847.7
review: GG
game-hours: 12.1
review: The number 1 game in the Philippines! To buy Dota 2 items, just go to
game-hours: 1201.8
review: funnn -.-
game-hours: 434.6
review: T.T
game-hours: 1130.4
review: The best game ever ^^ ! Come play with US !
game-hours: 984.9
review: cool
game-hours: 790.3
review: yeah
game-hours: 1139.7
review: Notice Me Senpai!
game-hours: 11.9
review: Well played!
game-hours: 1644.9
review: With 1000 hours spent on this, I now know how to swear fluently in 26 different languages. Thanks Dota! 10/10 Better than Rosetta Stone
game-hours: 2262.9
review: Awesome game, couldn't quit playing.
game-hours: 191.1
review: You play one guy and get mad at other people 10/10 game
game-hours: 618.4
review: You either die a scrub, or live long enough to be called a try hard. 10/10
game-hours: 609.4
review: ilove emma watson :3
game-hours: 442.5
review: Any good thoughts I had about Putin and the Russians were lost upon playing this game. You will hate them too. I give it an A out of 5
game-hours: 2495.7
review: ruined my life and took all my money. 10/10
game-hours: 4792.3
review: Good game! Everyone should play! Need a lot of practice and learning. Only playing cannot help you play better. You need to do some research on your own to improve your gameplay Requires a great amount of cooperation.
game-hours: 18.6
review: Dota 2 its a game where people leave in the first 5 minutes and everyone else is Russian 11/10
game-hours: 1381.5
review: good job VALVe
game-hours: 1095.1
review: My grades have hit rock bottom and I have no social life. 10/10
game-hours: 2557.3
review: when i type LOL my hero laughs!!!!!!!!!1
game-hours: 1922.9
review: great game enough said
game-hours: 1002.6
review: Almost 200 hours logged, still no idea what I'm doing 10/10 greatest evar
game-hours: 3225.2
review: just play dota and win TI. No homo, No LoL!
game-hours: 2091.7
review: Dota 2 is not something you lazily play once a week, but something you live. You hate it and love it, you fear it and you enjoy it. It's everything at the same time but most of all - never boring!
game-hours: 384.2
review: It is amazing. I can't go into gameplay because it has a lot but I love it so I hope u guys try it too.
game-hours: 98.3
review: This game is like a ier version of League of Legends. Obviously copied all the champions from League of Legends and just called them a different name and put them in Dota. Can't believe no one has realised what a blatant copy Dota is of League of Legends. 0/10
game-hours: 437.0
review: This game is probably the best way to make your soft  self into a hardened Putin-esque A-hole that thinks you can 1v5 the entire game. 10/10 Would make Russian jokes again.
game-hours: 2384.3
review: Too many Foreigners on servers they don't belong to, resulting in bad communication and them having bad lag issues all the while screaming "" and "blyat" in the microphone... (mainly russians) otherwise great game.
game-hours: 2010.8
review: Change My Life 10/10
game-hours: 905.9
review: a good game like Dota 1 .. but Dota 2 has much better graphics :D
game-hours: 2287.9
review: Pretty much the best thing to hit the world since spandex. #yogapants . Most definitely reccomended for anyone who likes these type of games
game-hours: 1621.5
review: As a drop while playing Dota 2. Because Dota 2 is a free-to-play game, players do not receive free cards like most other games. Instead, a card drop becomes available for roughly every $9 USD spent on cosmetic items in the Dota 2 Store. If you have card drops available, they will appear automatically in your Steam inventory as long as your Dota 2 client is open. Cards drop approximately once every 15-60 minutes. From the Steam Community Market. By trading with another player. From a Booster Pack. Booster Packs are packets of several cards that drop randomly after you have forged one Dota 2 badge. Booster Packs can also be bought on the Market. Booster Packs drop more frequently for players with higher Steam Levels.
game-hours: 1683.5
review: Awesome \(o.O)/
game-hours: 2608.2
review: If you like strategic teamplay games, this is the best choice for you.
game-hours: 1857.8
review: Its an awesome game and addictive while making our skills more nice then ever
game-hours: 978.2
review: DO YOU LIKE RIGHT CLICKING? DO YOU ENJOY THE FIRST 4 LETTERS ON YOUR KEYBOARD? DO YOU LOVE FEELING UTTERLY HOPELESS AND LOST FOR HOURS UPON HOURS AS YOU TRY TO LEARN WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON? DO YOU LOVE RUSSIANS? If you answered yes to any of the above questions then this game was essentially made for you. Now I could spend hours verbally blowing this game and telling you all the reasons you should play it and love it or you can just download it yourself you lazy sod and learn why it's the most played game on steam.
game-hours: 3432.5
review: Best game I have ever played.
game-hours: 1575.5
review: sequel for dota .. great gameplay .. steep learning curve .. best game ever
game-hours: 176.2
review: most addicting steam game, and lol sucks!
game-hours: 2933.7
review: nice
game-hours: 390.1
review: THE BEST LANGUAGE LEARNING TOOL ON THE INTERNET. LEARN TO SPEAK SPANISH, RUSSIAN, AND PORTUGUESE FOR THE LOW LOW PRICE OF YOUR SELF-ESTEEM AND FAITH IN OTHERS GET THIS FREE AS HECK GAME
game-hours: 886.1
review: Frankly, I preferred the original Defence of the Asians, but this is still a worthy crowd-control simulator.
game-hours: 1745.5
review: Best free game ever!
game-hours: 1023.3
review: If you're a fan of MOBA games you'll probably enjoy this. Surely you might find it to be harder to begin playing with it if you're coming from League of Legends or some other MOBA game. The community is quite trash mostly, and if you're playing pub matches you'll be overrun by low level players that use pubstomp heroes and you'll most likely lose, unless they're so bad they're even bad at those heroes. It will take you a while to get onto some decent levels and decent pubs but it's worth it. Graphics are nice and somewhat toony, like TF2, and gameplay varies a lot depending on the teams, heroes and item builds you pick. It's free, so why not try it? All it's features are free, the only thing you might want to buy are aesthetics. EDIT: "Depression Simulator 2015" - This game taught me that everyone deserves the same amount of hate... oh and if it's Russians that are playing, I'd prefer Russian Roulette, thanks. At least you get to learn every single language except English. Nobody talks English in Dota 2, are you crazy?
game-hours: 1002.6
review: Almost 200 hours logged, still no idea what I'm doing 10/10 greatest evar
game-hours: 3225.2
review: just play dota and win TI. No homo, No LoL!
game-hours: 2091.7
review: Dota 2 is not something you lazily play once a week, but something you live. You hate it and love it, you fear it and you enjoy it. It's everything at the same time but most of all - never boring!
game-hours: 2200.3
review: The most challenging and engaging MOBA, warning to LoL players there is a steep learning curve and you need to unlearn a lot of habits. All attack animations are not designed to last hit, making it actually take skill. Meanwhile the game is all about skill, activatable items and always being able to comeback if you're diligent and knowledgable. Its about crushing defeat that sinks to your core, and triumphant victory that makes you yell to the skies!
game-hours: 1537.7
review: Do you want to learn how to  talk on russian? You've picked a right place! Also its kinda addicting.
game-hours: 2187.4
review: This game is so good that i played everyday and everynight. Steam is doing great XD
game-hours: 1263.2
review: I turned fish guy into a fish. 10/10
game-hours: 623.5
review: I sold my soul to this game
game-hours: 374.4
review: Dota 2 is kwl
game-hours: 1115.6
review: HOLY  MONKEY THIS  IS TIGHT! Motha in killing s with a bow and arrow IS MY KIND OF FETTISH. I WOULD SACRIFICE MY VIRGINITY FOR THIS GAME.
game-hours: 921.2
review: Game is good, but can be frustrating at times, and the learning curve is extremely steep. I do reccomend this game, but not to those easily frustrated or not willing to lose game after game when you start.
game-hours: 20.5
review: This game has destroyed my life. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 2.3
review: test
game-hours: 775.8
review: Nice game
game-hours: 1388.1
review: :)
game-hours: 2757.9
review: nice strategy game
game-hours: 1849.5
review: good
game-hours: 1237.3
review: A very good game that is well known for its gameplay and its ... community.
game-hours: 962.3
review: Now, i am adicted to this game.
game-hours: 40.8
review: DotA 2 is a beautiful sequal to DotA, a Warcraft 3 mod. VALvE does what they do best yet again with a amazing F2P game that has won over my heart and soul. Gabe Bless you all
game-hours: 2.3
review: Big hopes get crushed by a lack of skill. Very nice
game-hours: 1567.6
review: game
game-hours: 877.7
review: :)
game-hours: 1949.8
review: Fun and russian hate.
game-hours: 1133.2
review: ggwp
game-hours: 1028.7
review: recommended
game-hours: 1197.4
review: How to lose friends and alienate people: the game.
game-hours: 486.0
review: Most addicting competitive video game ive played.
game-hours: 1094.3
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 350.5
review: This game will make you hate yourself and everyone around you, 10/10.
game-hours: 180.1
review: Centaur Warrunner aint horsin around
game-hours: 1586.4
review: best game ever
game-hours: 137.2
review: The only game which makes you racist, despite no racist content or reference!
game-hours: 2.3
review: test
game-hours: 775.8
review: Nice game
game-hours: 3086.9
review: If you play this game long enough, its starts playing you
game-hours: 1052.0
review: first 100 hours......get called noob,feeder and useless after 300 hours.... started to call them noob,feeder and useless great game!!!!
game-hours: 936.6
review: Game where ingenuity, creativity and aggression merge to form something STELLAR.
game-hours: 1442.1
review: gd
game-hours: 84.1
review: Pretty much a boring version of League of Legends. Why League of Legends is better than this game: 1) League fo Legends is f2p. Dota 2 costs $30 2) League of Legends has a broader selection of playable characters 3) League of Legends has a nicer UI 4) League of Legends has a slightly smaller map for more intense and skilled battles 5) League of Legends is more popular on Twitch.tv and has more MLG pro gaming tournaments and such 6) No russians in League of Legends 7) Dota features a Pay-2-Win system in which you can buy exclusive items for each character such as armor and weapons. 8) Dota only has one map while League of Legends has several maps and game modes which you can play to your liking 9) Biggest problem with Dota: NO RANKING system. You can't see improvement through ladders and such, horrendous stats page, absolutely no ranking system other than levels which is also Pay-2-Win with XP boosts avaliable on the market 10) Very gimmicky crates dropped at the end of each game trying to sucker you into spending more money on keys 11) Extremely boring map, it's all dark and depressing. Makes me want to fall asleep. 12) Very low player population. Highest played game on Steam, but not even 1/3rd of League of Legends population due to the fact that this game isn't free to play and supports a Pay-2-Win model 13) This game suffers from a lack of updates, it seems to be just a cash cow for Valve 14) Matchmaking takes ridiculously long, it's actually suprising that the #1 game on Steam suffers from match-making this awful. Really shows how rarely this game is updated 15) Players can draw on the map disrupting each others experience and mic usage is also allowed which always brings griefers who like to spam the mic and ruin the game for everyone 16) You can teamkill your own creeps in this game ruining the game for your team and your enemy 17) There is no META anyone does anything, this causes a very chaotic enviorment which is very daunting a new player just trying to learn the ropes 18) This game is not free to play 19) This game uses a Pay-2-Win system with gimmicks involved like Keys trying to get you to spend money 20) The community is actually terrible with plenty of hackers and griefers ruining the game for everyone involved. PLAY THIS GAME AT YOUR OWN RISK
game-hours: 1104.1
review: this game is so cooooooooool
game-hours: 409.9
review: hi
game-hours: 287.1
review: Fantastic tower defense game, however, you need to be quite experienced to play. - Many heros and strategies to use and if you don't know how to use them your team will lose horribly. - If your looking for a new game to get into I recommend Dota 2, Defense of the Ancients 2.
game-hours: 1288.1
review: Amazing game
game-hours: 1333.4
review: standart
game-hours: 1766.1
review: 11/10. Best game, helped me pass my russian exams.
game-hours: 1.7
review: its a nice game,but have a wrong spec min requirements :<, last time i can play dota 2 1.5 hours record in my broken PC : Intel Core i3 2.4 Ghz, 2 Gb RAM, 1 Gb VGA Intel Family HD Graphics :/... idk why u put 4 Gb, but i surely enjoy that time playing :) but that time i was paying for this game :< So its 10/10 for u to change it to free to play game :< xD I like this game... so, whoever read this must play this game (not really play it... just try it, u'll like this game if u like RTS game) :)
game-hours: 2238.3
review: +
game-hours: 915.4
review: My favorite PC exclusive game. You'll need a lot of practice and time to learn every hero and item in the game to be any good, it took me about 150 hours before I stopped feeding all game. But after that it's very rewarding and fun with friends. Make sure you get a group because going in alone is a big risk for frustration. (Also a good way to learn new exotic languages!)
game-hours: 1339.0
review: Rishap review - "good."
game-hours: 762.2
review: PLAY NOW
game-hours: 5170.2
review: qwert
game-hours: 4006.8
review: ,   > ,  ,    ,   ,   !  !
game-hours: 4471.1
review: Da ' Vi
game-hours: 147.9
review: Team Fortress 2 den sonra en sevdiim cretsiz oyun gerekten sper teekkrler Valve ...
game-hours: 4642.0
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1925.3
review: n1ce play xD
game-hours: 1175.8
review: :_)
game-hours: 3556.5
review: Feed
game-hours: 4498.2
review: .
game-hours: 556.2
review: I love this game.
game-hours: 973.9
review: Keeping you a virgin until you turn into a wizard.
game-hours: 2073.7
review: Extremely great and competitive game. Good to play alone but better to play with friends, especially for a beginner since it has a steep learning curve.
game-hours: 1647.1
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 1985.6
review: -0-
game-hours: 255.4
review: Nice game forever
game-hours: 5.1
review: This is a game. It is harder than Obama's  when he first put on a pair of Jordans. I recommend it if you have a lot of time, and sperm on your hands. If you play this game you will hate children forever. Yours Truly- Rejekted
game-hours: 41.7
review: wow
game-hours: 1955.4
review: give SOUL KEEPER pls
game-hours: 1542.6
review: Killed it.
game-hours: 1660.1
review: Start Now !!
game-hours: 343.8
review: Coolest game ever made !
game-hours: 680.5
review: The game that promotes teamwork but also russia 11/10 Would Bang Again
game-hours: 3606.9
review: This game so addictive 9/10. You can be rich if selling items
game-hours: 1647.1
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 1830.2
review: its not moba, its DOTA!!
game-hours: 4388.9
review: Destroyed my life. 10/10 would play 3k hours again.
game-hours: 731.9
review: If you want to get into some really competitive game play, form a team, meet new people, or even make some money, then this game is definitely up your alley. Dota 2 brings some action packed but still very strategic gameplay to your PC. 10/10
game-hours: 1324.0
review: This is great game, i love it, and spend many hours playing its awesome!
game-hours: 678.7
review: UHM
game-hours: 2299.6
review: BEST GAME EVER! I pee and drink arizona iced out tea as I lean lean lean and I yung it with my team. Ima do me, ima do me, because dota 2 is S A D B O Y S
game-hours: 1562.9
review: I used to enjoy social interactions, after playing DOTA 2 I'm now certain I'm the only person in the world who doesn't have a mental disability! Thanks Valve!
game-hours: 2596.0
review: this is a best game i have played.
game-hours: 89.8
review: its like wikked pukka mate
game-hours: 811.5
review: very good
game-hours: 3575.5
review: HAve a nice game!!!!!
game-hours: 720.0
review: :)
game-hours: 152.6
review: This game will take over your life, do not ever expect to do anything productive, you will lose contact will all outside life, you will break countless keyboards, every word in you vocabulary will be replaced with F***, overall i strongly recommend it.
game-hours: 1318.9
review: Dota2 is the highly successful sequel to the WarCraft 3 custom map Defense of the Ancients. The original DotA was the parent of the MOBA genre that we enjoy today, and Dota2 has done an amazing job carrying on the legacy. If you were a fan of the original, or enjoy the current MOBA games on the market such as League of Legends, Heroes of Newerth, or Smite - Give Dota2 a chance. There are literally dozens of heroes to choose from, with multiple item builds for each hero. This can make the learning curve a little steep, but there is a decent tutorial system in place for helping new players learn. There is also an improved bot mode now, where you can practice against AI and hone your skills until you feel comfortable playing with other players. Ranked play adds a more competitive arena for players looking to improve and advance, and there is now a solo mid 1v1 mode to practice laning if you so choose. Dota2 is an ever evolving game, and growing into a prominent E-Sports arena. It isn't for everyone, and players that get frustrated easily might want to avoid it. The community can be a bit hostile towards newer players, but with some patience you can find great players and make friends that will help you through the process.
game-hours: 751.5
review: Dota 2 is one of the most addicting games i have ever played 10/10 would recommend to a friend
game-hours: 1748.9
review: pick it up(Download DotA) take me back home, yeah(Buy TP when u get out of base nab!) there is nothing fair in this world(PA crits 15%, yeah SURE!) there is nothing safe in this world(Rikimaru safe farm, Slardar blink/bash) and there's nothing sure in this world(NeverMore 1100GPM) and there's nothing pure in this world(Rotund'jere Heartstopper Huskar likes) look for something left in this world(Jungle creeps says: what?) start again(Looking for match with high priority) come on, it's a nice day for a round of dotka before drink shots of vodka --Billy & PAC
game-hours: 806.7
review: wadeplay :3
game-hours: 422.3
review: better than crack
game-hours: 602.7
review: Great game!
game-hours: 1442.7
review: Wonderful
game-hours: 407.9
review: pro
game-hours: 2183.6
review: COOL GAME
game-hours: 3069.1
review: my favorit game ) better game i never see ! dota is my life))))
game-hours: 39.8
review: Best game Eveer And LOL TO :D
game-hours: 1167.1
review: filled with angry russians, feeders, hackers, idiots, noobs, morons, children, peruvians, attention seekers, molesters, and people who generally hate you and will ridicule your every move in this game. 10/10
game-hours: 5092.6
review: :)
game-hours: 3003.8
review: !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1031.2
review: GREAT GAME
game-hours: 1356.5
review: This game will ruin your life.
game-hours: 446.1
review: gg c:
game-hours: 2015.2
review: 11/10 not bad
game-hours: 1051.4
review: Played since Beta, always a good game to try... ;)
game-hours: 2474.2
review: DOPE
game-hours: 805.6
review: game bretty gud
game-hours: 1020.3
review: this is a great game with great heroes, great voice acting(mostly), and great gameplay. However, Dota2 may cause the following side effects: racism, losing all faith in humanity, being called a , rage, breaking your mouse, braking your keyboard, breaking your mouse and keyboard, impromtu breakdancing, mildly severe emotional turama, more rage, getting every diease known and not known to man, mild to severe headaches from all the facepalms and hand bangings against the wall, lack of sleep, even more rage, getting hyped for new heroes,* getting called a noob, feeding, being fed*, meeting RNGesus, BEING RNGesus*, incredible luc.. i mean skill, having to write a review, teammates yelling at you even though they are the ones feeding terribly(yes this happens), blaming of riot, blaming of icefrog, blaming of volvo, blaming of you, abandonment, loss of sanity, loss of cash, loss of eardrums, loss of spleen, failure, epic wins*, anger, sadness, cussing, raising of the dongers, lowering of the dongers, jukes, being juked, people trying to play hard carry omniknight(yes this has happened), random fires, random explosions, police drug tests*, getting punched*, and yet more rage. But other then that 11/10 will keep playng. (note: *=rare side effect)
game-hours: 1260.8
review: This is a terrible game that you will continue to play until you are nothing but a mere husk of man incapable of loving or feeling anything. You will wake in the night sweating thinking of missed last hits, you will cower in the corner broken by no wards or courier and you will break down crying at the four other carries on your team who will endlessly berate you in a mix of different languages until finally you give in and call GG. I would absolutley reccomend this game.
game-hours: 1433.7
review: 1/10 This game gave me acute pulmonary hypertension with a dash of cancer. Would recommend if you can afford your court-ordered anger management.
game-hours: 2756.9
review: Idiots, boring mini-games, worthless tutorials, Garena level matchmaking, in-game guides by the community, puns, low priority gaming, Well Played!, balance, "economy", 1000 bugs, ez rares, screwed up mechanics, , godlike distribution, creative voice acting, cats, frogs with cats, RNG, 322 bets, documentaries, Kappa, cards, vodka vodka Boris Yeltsin, hundreds of oil, couriers without dagons, A WONDEFUL STOAH, korabl, treasure chests, boobs and hats. This game has it all!
game-hours: 1963.8
review: <3
game-hours: 1.4
review: 2slow for me, and not nough hats
game-hours: 14.7
review: I used to hats MOBA`s i played DOTA 2 for 2 hours I now love MOBA`s the only complaint i have is that there is no such thing as a quick game of DOTA i decided to play some dota at 2 in the afternoon, when i finished, it was 3, in the morning, in the year 2097 now all of my family is dead and im trapped in the future HELP ME!
game-hours: 6484.4
review: zzzzzzzzz
game-hours: 2088.4
review: This game seems to be a copycat of League of Legends. Very unoriginal. Valve is dead to me.
game-hours: 4.4
review: wow can you teach me how to play dota with all your game time?
game-hours: 890.1
review: nice game, but very expensive in purchase
game-hours: 1909.8
review: Wonderful game that is a Racism Simulator it will make you loathe the following Peru, Russia, Mexico, and last but not least America.
game-hours: 2438.2
review: awesome free game
game-hours: 1351.0
review: So Good :)
game-hours: 1390.2
review: Has Its Goods And Its Badss But I like the game good game but sometimes theres updates that shouldnt of been done
game-hours: 34.5
review: Dota is the game that drains your soul and slowly your steam wallet by influencing items that slightly alter your character's look in game, not like you don't look at the bald spot on their head 24/7 anyway but still, you do it, slowly. It caused me to denounce every other game in my library, i can't help myself but play more of this cocaine lined work of art with a cashmere fitting. My muscle to fat ratio is shifting to the latter and i am currently drinking prune juice non-stop just to pass a pair of nail clippers i mistook as a cheeto, whose family was being pilled into my mouth for consumption between courier runs. someone... please help me other than that 10/10
game-hours: 7225.9
review: super like
game-hours: 646.6
review: like
game-hours: 3518.4
review: Best game of its kind! Dota actually is a whole seperate gaming- category by its self, so DO NOT compare it with other moba's!!! it was the first and always will be because its not just a moba...moba is such an unfair tag... its much more than that!! But i have to warn you ! you might want to think twice before you try it out ! In order to play and start enjoying the game you must have tons of patience, strong will to learn and nerves of steel.. you will have to push yourself harder and harder to become better everyday because the game is literally hard to learn and impossible to master ! its learning curve is just insane. There are endless strategies -combo's -tricks-heroe's synergies and skill (that you need to develop in time) that will take you years of experience to be able to recognize them and understand them when you see them.. and even if you get to a point you think its high level there will still be new things to learn you didnt know before ....also keep in mind that its a game that teamwork is very very crucial...that's something that makes the game even harder because all members of your team have to have knowledge of the game and be mentaly stable :P that also means that sometimes you will lose games because of other people's failures and it can get very irritating...ofc there will be games that you will be the person that fails aswell..Good luck!
game-hours: 1.4
review: Many people play this game. The masses are idoits.
game-hours: 199.3
review: QQ
game-hours: 2155.7
review: I LOVE DOTA 2
game-hours: 1725.6
review: nice game ever :3
game-hours: 2121.3
review: play and fun
game-hours: 199.5
review: I think it's really fun, since it requires strategy and mind. Teamwork is possible, and sometimes people are really nice even if you're new to the game. I like it overall, since it doesn't really matter about one person all the time, but everyone's co-operation. I also loved the gameplay, as if I'm playing Warcraft or something. So if you like strategy and teamwork, I think I'll recommend it.
game-hours: 5.9
review: Also known as the game everyone got for free.
game-hours: 2654.8
review: If you are new to the game it will be frustrating as the difficultly curve is high and the majority of the community are mean but keep practicing, watch tournament games and youtube videos (i.e. purge, baumi, etc) and play with friends...and you will have a fun time. Great game I would recommend.
game-hours: 1.5
review: >install dota 2 >realise what im playing >uninstall pretty fun tbh
game-hours: 1391.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 1114.8
review: DOTA2 is DOTA2,Comeback is real and you can't predict what will happen next.
game-hours: 1514.8
review: a game full of noobs like sundeep. Extremely addicting. If you do not want to fail studies do not play dota.
game-hours: 734.8
review: pros : -Great game! -Best game to test your reflex! -You could get more friends here -Learn foreign languages -best place to spend money -servers stabillity are great! cons: -this game is cursed, once u play theres no going back -rage simulator -feel like sh*t after losing a game -trolls -get high blood pressure overall: gr8 m8 no h8 8/8 !
game-hours: 1515.9
review: The best multiplayer game so far.. No wonder that i became addicted to it in just a couple of days.. Long live valve.. ;)
game-hours: 1567.3
review: love this game
game-hours: 1112.2
review: It's pretty good.
game-hours: 1173.2
review: dotaaaaa...
game-hours: 181.8
review: far more than you expect this game seems to have a life and culture all its own challenging and fair dota2 delivers in spades
game-hours: 7.7
review: A very fun and interesting game that involves a high level of quick thinking and strategy.
game-hours: 1981.3
review: zaebongo
game-hours: 1669.4
review: gg wp
game-hours: 1239.4
review: Better than rosetta stone, and it's free! 8/8 m8
game-hours: 984.4
review: as you can tell from my game play hours i have had quite an....... epic?..... time playing this video gameb ased of off leage of legends "defend the ancients, please!" is an action adventure game starring jack black and jason statham as they and three less famous friends defend their ancients from evil jack black, evil jason statham and three less evil less famous friends this video game was clearly made in russia (but i dont know??) so theres a lot of rusians playing it but i can kinda see why because its quite a fun video ame id rate "defend the ancients, please!" a 7/11 which is my favourite japanese store which links to the reason that this game isnt a 11/11 which is that it wasnt made in japan how else am i going to get my bonner hard if there arent any hot anime babes well i guess that these american women would suffice but in all honesty anime girls and a few japanese musicians are the only attractive people on this westernised planet long live nippon
game-hours: 1351.5
review: Dota 2 is one of the most enjoyable games at the moment! It's definitely a MUST-PLAY!
game-hours: 1881.8
review: 9/10
game-hours: 1886.5
review: I love the game of DotA 2 is using proven strategies and a good team cohesiveness, and there pitted 2 teams each containing 5 players, which both have major headquarters called the Ancient and the first team to successfully destroy the Ancient opponent is the winner, There are 3 roads or paths (called 'lanes') which connects both the Ancient and forces ('creeps') that spawn or appear regularly in these pathways, fight with 'creeps' round opponent in the battle towards the opponent's headquarters. And I'd like again there are a lot of options at the beginning of the game due to the chosen heroes, each hero has 4 skills and a few more (active or passive) so it is not too complicated to play, i love dota <3
game-hours: 12.8
review: this game is realy great because its free but the only problem was that i began playing for multiple hours on end and i eventualy became hungry and began eating all of my money and my rent is due this afternoon i dont kniw what i should do i ate all of my money because of this game i have no money for anything important like sinks and other games also now my family wont stop complaining because apperently i am a terrible person they wont stop whinig about how hungry they are but them i show them the games awesome mechanics and they all shut up
game-hours: 1592.5
review: Dota
game-hours: 5098.0
review: Great game, but community sux.
game-hours: 1123.9
review: very nice
game-hours: 972.1
review: great game i first started because my friend was playing and didnt know how to play but i got started and now i add people and teach them to play other then that great game i love it play it ever day i highly recommend it no real bad glitchs or any glitches really everone is friendly and nice...!!!!!
game-hours: 1067.6
review: nice
game-hours: 371.8
review: Awesome strategy game. I started it when my brother showed me and I can't stop. So addictive!
game-hours: 1.1
review: Good one. The only problem is its overcomplicated for a moba.
game-hours: 1470.7
review: Full of Glitches, Full of russians, Noob teams, Ruined my life, Addictive, Sexual harrasing, . When you are winning the enemy team support gives up and asks for your .
game-hours: 317.7
review: i like the whole package of dota 2,
game-hours: 2704.1
review: play 4 ever, never be sarisfied by own play. Always love winning, hate losing. Teamwipes make you  or cry, depending on whos wiped.
game-hours: 1431.4
review: GG, was fun, great for rage.
game-hours: 2159.6
review: gives me cancer ery game 0/10 i am switching to lol
game-hours: 2803.6
review: This Game is the best Game mankind ever created! Go ahead and play it!
game-hours: 3587.9
review: AWESOME GAME I SUGGEST PICKING CARRY EVERY GAME AND SPEAKING IN BRAZILLIAN 10/10 BEANS
game-hours: 981.0
review: Fun
game-hours: 1000.5
review: somehow i just got crashed in game
game-hours: 2931.2
review: "Dota 2" is the most amazing competitive game i have ever played in my whole life!!! XD And it's free also so nothing more to ask for guys!!! XD I'll give 10/10 rating, must play this game!!! XD
game-hours: 603.7
review: Easy and fun game, invite your friends to experience the thrill of dota with good graphics.
game-hours: 1569.8
review: Great game in the world
game-hours: 526.8
review: Super
game-hours: 1598.4
review: BEST EPILEPSY SIMULATOR EVER!!! 10/10
game-hours: 546.5
review: (Speaking from a past LoL player's perspective) This is the one game i play to death and im really good at as of now. This game will make you feel an array of emotions from rage to happiness and back again leaving for quite a ride. Bottom line, if youre gonna play this game, and i cant stress this enough, go in knowing what you're doing. If you dont, you will fail hard, so many people forget that. Got that? Good. The gameplay itself is typical of a MOBA, but LoL players beware, the courier system, gold loss on death, and other mechanics is going to warrant some getting used to. The community is relatively fine so long as you know what you're doing (the LoL trashers are few and relatively uneventful for me) and you are perfectly nice, the few s will come, but as the Bronies say, love and tolerate. The graphics are good, what else is there to say? Im not gonna do a whole paragraph on it, theyre fine. The gameplay is smooth and provides a decent amount of challenge and fun. Overall, this is a great game 10/10 (this is my first review).
game-hours: 595.6
review: i faild school and didn't graduate 10/10
game-hours: 1461.5
review: kick  game
game-hours: 2560.1
review: Eh its ok
game-hours: 1363.0
review: its fun to own noobs
game-hours: 802.3
review: dota 2
game-hours: 1072.3
review: This game nice
game-hours: 1103.2
review: 10/10
game-hours: 2633.4
review: I once knew a social life. 10/10
game-hours: 1495.2
review: Ok
game-hours: 742.2
review: this game make me happy every single day
game-hours: 1507.2
review: perfect strategy and teamwork game
game-hours: 794.0
review: Pudge. 20/10
game-hours: 146.3
review: +rep
game-hours: 1940.2
review: worst game dont play
game-hours: 975.8
review: you love this game so much
game-hours: 1960.9
review: rip social life
game-hours: 4031.0
review: If you're looking for a game that is filled with flamers, trolls, and players whose main language isn't English on NA servers, THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!!!!
game-hours: 1869.6
review: See My Play ..!!
game-hours: 919.0
review: Best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! For me :)
game-hours: 2111.8
review: nc
game-hours: 646.2
review: Good game in the world
game-hours: 1765.2
review: #1
game-hours: 427.4
review: ty !
game-hours: 1351.6
review: The most annoying game ever. Must play!
game-hours: 551.8
review: Racist Simulator 2. 0/10
game-hours: 1040.4
review: nicee game ever
game-hours: 1473.0
review: nice
game-hours: 3286.7
review: One of the best games ever made in history.
game-hours: 910.3
review: I reallly enjoyed this game.
game-hours: 744.0
review: I Love this game so much.
game-hours: 2831.6
review: Lez play dota 2
game-hours: 228.4
review: i love this game
game-hours: 1814.6
review: Doto is hard
game-hours: 512.5
review: amazing game ever!
game-hours: 597.2
review: Gets reported for being better than some one, 10/10 best game ever by this scrub:
game-hours: 1069.0
review: nice :D
game-hours: 2117.5
review: /
game-hours: 143.0
review: Might have to f#$% a dog ay!
game-hours: 1681.7
review: !
game-hours: 1744.1
review: No Commend
game-hours: 597.0
review: +rep
game-hours: 2700.8
review: epic game
game-hours: 2517.2
review: this game is a fun , action , and realy worth of the time u spend on it . easy to learn , hard to master . i recommend this game to play if u like RPG games , multyplayer , action , strategies
game-hours: 1068.2
review: If you haven't played dota 2 you haven't lived a good life
game-hours: 1879.2
review: Have been playing this game since quite a while now. Found myself coming back to it each day. Even if I did have better things to do, I preferred playing a match of DOTA 2. This game has everything that you can expect from a good MOBA game. Every game is a completely different experience. You are snowballing and pub stomping in one game and other game, you lose throne in 20 mins. Matches are highly unpredictible specially with the new updates that have made #comeback real. Winning a losing match is the ultimate satisfaction. Also, many people don't understand this but there is actually no -right- or -wrong- way to play a hero. Some ways make the hero stronger and some don't. It all comes down to personal preference and the scenario or kinds of enemies you're facing. Having said that, yes the game has a very steep learning curve. Takes a couple of hours to play a single hero properly and there are 110 heroes at the time of writing this review. Each with their own unique set of skills and item builds. There are 129 unique items in the game about 70 of these are built by combining the rest of the items. It DOES take a while to understand and learn what each item do and if its worth building it on a particular hero or not. Say, the hero Anti-Mage has a innate ability to "blink" on the battlefield so, crafting a blink dagger on him is a bit useless and waste of gold. Some items can further strengthen the strengths/abilities of heroes while some others can overcome their weaknesses. It will take a while to understand what items will be good on a hero and what will be bad. Now, the worst part of DoTA 2 -> The major player base/community. Almost every single person playing this game thinks of himself/herself as the biggest and the ultimate champion of DoTA 2. Its like, as if they were born with the innate ability to pwn on the DoTA 2 battlefield and learned everything about this game in their mothers' womb. If you are new, get ready to be yelled at. Being called noob a LOT. Being called different names, being abused a lot in languages you didn't know existed before DoTA 2 and last but not the least, hearing nasty things about your mom. And no, this is not an exhaggeration. Actually, it can get worse depending upon how badly you do in a game. If you are stomping, however, you will be getting a ton of friend requests and party requests. Sure, some people are just dumb and had all the flame coming as they just don't learn even after putting in thousands of hours in game. But, new players should be taught how to do it properly instead of being told to uninstall the game. The overall player base is much better on higher MMR (matchmaking rate) range but reaching there is a climb through a spiky-rocky cliff and takes quite a bit of effort and patience. Finishing off with some tips for new/potential DoTA 2 players if they are reading this review: 1# Don't go in with zero knowledge of game. Go watch some youtube videos first to understand the basics. Most videos by Purge are pretty helpful. 2# Take the game seriously. If you are not serious about winning, please don't play. DoTA 2 is a serious competitive game and you shouldn't spoil it for others. 3# Know your limits and don't try complex micro and/or heavy farm dependent heroes like chen, meepo in normal matchmaking. At least not untill you have practiced enough with your farming/micro skills and are confident about it. 4# Try supporting heroes and buy courier/wards. This will make the team appreciate you. If however, you can't ward properly, get ready to be flamed... 5# Last but not the least, try to have some fun and try communicating with your team (if they understand/speak your language). Overall a pretty solid MOBA game. Though I don't like a few mechanics, I don't even care. I have so much fun that I overlook all the bad things. And thats the sign of a great game. The game is contantly evolving and changing though with new heroes getting released now and then and gameplay patches that completely change the way some heroes play. And thanks to valve's ultimate money guzzler mind, the events and constant flow in of cosmetics can keep you hooked in. This game can never get boring. Just gather some friends and start playing now if you haven't done yet. Thats all folks. Game on...
game-hours: 67.7
review: You can choose to remove Russian servers . . . 10/10
game-hours: 360.9
review: Fun game, very addicting, you will get  and killed when you play it, and this will continue for a long time, because this game is hard... I LOVE IT
game-hours: 992.7
review: team work game
game-hours: 608.8
review: Never in my whole life have I imagined that I'd lose 3 friends over a stick with an eyeball on it.
game-hours: 3148.2
review: absolutely addictive game!
game-hours: 2407.5
review: Best game ever..!!
game-hours: 562.1
review: love it
game-hours: 2092.1
review: Good Game!!!
game-hours: 4.2
review: So um.. I got this game beacause i am a BIG fan of RTS games....It is cool that it is supported on both Windows and Mac,therefore i can play it with all of my friends....The game offers a very hard but rewarding multiplayer experience, simmilar to LoL.It is still very different and totally worth giving it a try!!!
game-hours: 1323.8
review: Really awesome game, so many different things you can do. It can give you hours and hours of gameplay without getting bored
game-hours: 3885.8
review: Its like DotA, but with a 2.
game-hours: 97.4
review: this is a game worth geting its like dota 1 only better if you play dota 1 then yo will love this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 3031.6
review: Need more time to write an helpful review.But so far so good
game-hours: 1676.3
review: i love you dota 2
game-hours: 1088.1
review: Valve,  Add This  Please!
game-hours: 1395.5
review: great game
game-hours: 2330.3
review: >Well Played!
game-hours: 418.1
review: Finally the beta is over :D
game-hours: 5.2
review: If your hair is anywhere near this product, you should definately see a doctor 1/26
game-hours: 1827.2
review: D-estroyer O-f T-he A-nger manegment nerves
game-hours: 0.6
review: Nope.
game-hours: 0.6
review: Nope.
game-hours: 553.6
review: wew wkwkwkwkwkwk
game-hours: 8.7
review: The hell is a gank What is an e-sport What do you meen by 'Carry'? What are you even saying? (Russian probs) If that sounds entertaining then this game is for you I have 7 hours on Dota2 and I do not know how I got those hours, I almost killed a bot once... I am terrible at mobas But still a good game 10/10 would get rekt again, and again...and again.
game-hours: 907.9
review: i like this Game :)
game-hours: 595.7
review: good game
game-hours: 1528.7
review: dis gaem uas a gud gaem
game-hours: 1762.0
review: This game is absolutely amazing, with a great mixture of depth and hilarious moments. One such example, is the fact that despite the game's serious atmosphere, it has the funniest videos on youtube, like "Never go full agility" and "Chaos dunk." I have really come to enjoy this game, having played almost 650 hrs on it. Though i must say that some of your teammates in game are going to be s, and will report you for stupid reasons such as "stealing kills" or "not listening." Good luck and have fun :D
game-hours: 1562.9
review: Excellent game, well-designed, thought-out and even though might not be unique, it gave me a special experience
game-hours: 1114.0
review: asdas
game-hours: 2089.8
review: its just awsome!!!
game-hours: 1107.0
review: ,  ,
game-hours: 169.1
review: This game will devour your soul..... 10/10
game-hours: 3800.9
review: i swear on me mum m8 gtfo before you turn into one of us. Literally the most addicting game ever created
game-hours: 34.3
review: ALL DAY EVERYDAY RUINED MY LIFE
game-hours: 1036.0
review: good
game-hours: 718.2
review: Best game :D
game-hours: 485.5
review: vg
game-hours: 35.4
review: wow! :D
game-hours: 1169.4
review: Gives me hemorrhoids 10/10
game-hours: 1341.3
review: Though gets alot of hate ... and a few of the community being asses from time to time. One of the best the Moba genre has to offer not to mention what started it all. Give it a try.
game-hours: 2082.0
review: In the time i have spent playing this game, i have literally become fluent in, Portuguese, Russian, and Spanish. Best part is... ITS FREE! This teaches better than Rosetta stone. Look at my hours, take my word for it. 10/10 would  blyat again
game-hours: 891.2
review: So as of now I've spent 500hrs ish on this game. I would honostly have to say that this is the best game I've played hands down. I love how fluid the game is with all the heroes, items, and ever changing battle situations. I enjoy how fair the matchmaking system is and how this is a non pay to win game. No item you buy in store can give you an advantage over enemy heroes, besides looks. People will say some heroes are over powered, but in reality its just how the dice roll. Hope you enjoy it as much as I have
game-hours: 28.9
review: i absolutely recommend this one, its the best out there
game-hours: 923.1
review: As someone who has played DotA Allstars for many years, when I first tried out Dota 2, I didn't really like it. I thought the graphics were way too different from Warcraft III's and I found it difficult to clearly spot units due to the color scheme. As well, the new shop/item system felt overwhelming, and the lack of command buttons (e.g. "Attack", "Stop") seemed odd, among other things. My first impression of Dota 2 was not favorable, and I didn't play it for a while. But, after some time, my friends started playing the game and I tagged along. I gradually got used to the changes made in Dota 2 and began enjoying the experience. I then came to appreciate what they had done with Dota 2; the new shop/item system was more efficient, the new courier system was convenient, the overall layout was optimized and more aesthetically pleasant, etc. Perhaps best of all, playing this game with your friends is so much easier than it is for DotA Allstars. If you have played DotA Allstars but not Dota 2, I suggest you give it a try. You'll probably end up altogether dropping the former for the latter, like I did. If you have not played either game, then you could try Dota 2 anyway, as it is free to play. Be forewarned that this kind of game may not be for you. The learning curve is steep - for some, it may take quite a while just to be able to play decently. However, if you do manage to climb the curve, Dota 2 can be an enjoyable game.
game-hours: 4762.1
review: DOTA 2 never die
game-hours: 1250.1
review: KILLED ME 10/10 Would be racist again
game-hours: 508.0
review: sdfdsf
game-hours: 438.8
review: Good game ever.........
game-hours: 2819.1
review: )))
game-hours: 1862.8
review: Fantastic!(y)
game-hours: 2691.5
review: Best Freaking Teamgame EVER! =)
game-hours: 2117.5
review: Made me learn Brasilian Russian and English 152/10
game-hours: 1873.3
review: !
game-hours: 1665.7
review: Riki pickers.
game-hours: 2381.8
review: asdf
game-hours: 4365.8
review: This game is a test of everything in your life. EVERYTHING. It will turn you into a stronger person but the road is filled with toxic chemicals everywhere. You will most likely fall victim to the dangers that Doto 2 holds or you can be legend.
game-hours: 2577.7
review: DotA 2 - Better than LoL
game-hours: 2561.9
review: Awful game.
game-hours: 2396.1
review: sleep - eat - dota this game is that good
game-hours: 727.0
review: a really fun game to play with friends. beware the russians
game-hours: 628.0
review: This game is very addictive and so fun to play
game-hours: 1690.4
review: if there are more than 3 pinoys stack in your game, you are guarenteed to lose
game-hours: 895.8
review: for smart gamers :)
game-hours: 1464.7
review: when i play dota 2 i reach another world
game-hours: 3938.1
review: Surprise its dota
game-hours: 0.2
review: its a moba by valve 11/10
game-hours: 1141.2
review: Better than Rosetta Stone for learning Russian. I can know say  you in 11 languages. Recommended.
game-hours: 1219.9
review: addicting game, can make someone lose her girlfriends
game-hours: 1307.8
review: AWEEEEESOOOOOMEEEE!!
game-hours: 991.8
review: Outstanding!!! Think: 5 vs 5 real time chess. This game is the pinnacle of strategy meets teamwork.
game-hours: 3133.9
review: WOW DOTA2 LOL
game-hours: 4016.0
review: I love this game sooo much!!! A must have and a must play for all DoTa fans out there!!
game-hours: 361.2
review: Better than league
game-hours: 866.0
review: A good game for team players
game-hours: 968.9
review: good game ever
game-hours: 916.0
review: Made my life a peace of
game-hours: 2897.5
review: 10/10 would waste my social life again.
game-hours: 2843.2
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 2085.4
review: Awesome game, i didnt like it at first but then it grew on me xD 10 out of 10 unless you have russians on your team ^^
game-hours: 2606.0
review: What is Dota 2? Dota 2 is the most fun, the most annoying, the most tearful and the most stressful game you will ever play. You get to experience being sweared at in a multitude of languages; it has taught how to manage my investments due to knowing when to report and when not to report. Dota also adds in event styled gamemodes; the latest being a full fledged Pay to Win; thank you Gaben 9/8 gr8 b8 m8.
game-hours: 1560.8
review: amazing birth control
game-hours: 344.4
review: :)
game-hours: 1498.1
review: STOP WHILE YOU CAN!! ONCE YOU STARTED IT YOU CANT STOP YOURSELF. TOO AWESOME
game-hours: 2690.0
review: Probably the only game where you could get reported for not speaking russian... when you have queued for the english speaking servers.
game-hours: 429.7
review: BEST GAME EVER LOL WWKWKKW! OWRAH OWARH!!
game-hours: 1868.0
review: DotA 2 can be a game for casual gamers or people looking to get more competive. There is a very wide variety of heroes to play (over 100) and they all have their own playstyle. This game is extremely fun after you get past the pretty steep learning curve. I must mention that this is a STRATEGY game, so if you only like FPS's then you might not like this. Once you start understanding the game more it is a LOT of fun. Please don't compare this game to LoL because both games were created differently and are meant to serve a different experience.
game-hours: 1614.5
review: nice
game-hours: 2255.7
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 1753.2
review: If you see a peruvian, abandon.
game-hours: 1932.0
review: Dota 2 is a very fun strtegy game. It takes some time to learn all the heroes and items. Once you get used to the game, you can play competative to challange yourself to try even harder and play with better people.
game-hours: 1103.3
review: this game will change your life in the following ways. -you will hate russians -you will hate everybody who speaks any other language than english -you will lose your friends -you will lose your girlfried -YOU WILL THROW YOUR LIFE AWAY FOR DOTA!!! -also you will rage I r8 8/8 plz no h8
game-hours: 3521.8
review: -            .
game-hours: 1283.0
review: Not recommended to people with russophobia. Otherwise it's ok.
game-hours: 543.7
review: dota made me intrest.
game-hours: 852.7
review: Don't start playing this unless you don't plan on stopping. IT'S LIKE SUCCUBUS 10/10 would gank bottom again
game-hours: 734.8
review: SEA server players doesn't even understand english 11/10. (Help me get out of this server)
game-hours: 3225.5
review: good! +free play +communication plattform +well remastered from original version +various interesting events +continous update
game-hours: 354.7
review: This Game is Good!!!
game-hours: 1331.0
review: After playing Dota 2 almost 800 hours, I decided to give this game a bit of a review. Ok, basically Dota 2 is just defeating the enemy team. Your team consists of 5 mates and the enemy team consists of 5 mates. Of course you can abandon the game anytime you want to, but 5 mates is the basic. The map is divided into three different roads called 'lanes' and your team spreads up and fills those lanes. Usually it's 2 guys top lane, one mid, and two down. You can also pick a character from a group called as 'junglers'. In Dota 2 you pick a character. There are over a 100 possible choices, more to come during updates etc. Picking the right chatacter is the key to everything. If you happen to get a dream team, you are sure to win. In case it's a dream team, it requires the players also to know how to play the game. For example: Many people pick Riki, one of the most frustrating chars of the whole game AND they don't know how to play him right. During you develop your hero, you gain money and experience points. With money you buy different items, it depends of your chars' item build. With experience points you gain levels. By the time you reach lvl 11 early game with your op hero, you've already won the game. By the time you reach the max lvl, 25, with a bad hero, it basically ain't helping your team much. You make progress by destroying enemy towers. There are 3 towers on each lane + 2 extra towers protecting the main building, ancient. Behind the third towers, there are the barracks. If you take out one lane's barracks down, it makes your creeps do better on that lane. If you take down every barrack in the enemy base, it makes your creeps do 4x the original damage and it boosts their HP as well. Okay, that's the main view in the game. And now we'll get to read the gameplaying. Mostly in Dota 2 there's a war going on all the time. EU against russians, russians against americans and americans against russians. In almost every game, you'll get the chance to speak with a real russian. Mostly that person just writes any word wrong and makes you laugh at his/her grammar and it makes that person to become more angry. In almost every game you also get the chance to be called as a '' and you get to read the most known words in Dota 2: , report, feed, noob, report, w8. Those are one of the most known words in Dota 2. After a couple of weeks playing Dota 2 you'll see what I meant. Pros +Awesome gaming +The fun it has +Variety +No match repeats itself +Very detailed and well made game Cons -Everyone hates everyone -Extremely hard to learn -It makes you frustrated -It has an extremely high addiction risk That's basically Dota 2. Play, it's worth it! -T
game-hours: 1385.1
review: Dota 2 is a very unique game that is mostly known for its great community of Insta-picking Russians and Mexicans that love to play on american servers. If you're looking for a MOBA better than LoL then you are in the right section of steam!
game-hours: 361.1
review: I Recommend this game for those of you that are Busted, BrokenHearted, Best friend Zoned, Friend Zoned, Brother Zoned & Sister Zoned. You'll Die Virgin & Single. Love you all <3
game-hours: 327.4
review: Best MOBA game ever. No argument
game-hours: 4818.2
review: TADO
game-hours: 919.7
review: Definitely a great game.
game-hours: 2442.4
review: YES
game-hours: 848.8
review: gives cancer. would bang
game-hours: 78.3
review: Its The only one game without Hacks :p
game-hours: 404.0
review: So my friends dragged me into this game just over a year ago, and I can now say it's one of the the best things that has ever graced my computer screen. The game is challenging, has a beautiful environment, allows one to choose from a multitude of unique and diverse heroes, and most importantly, fun. The sense of teamwork that you receive is fantastic, and the knowledge that your co-operation with your teammates is winning the game is very rewarding. Of course it isn't perfect, but nothing is. And to be completely honest, the most amount of grief you will encounter is the ness of a certain few players. But that does not detract from the huge amounts of fun and challenges that Dota 2 offers. I highly recommend this game to anyone.
game-hours: 1472.7
review: I can now speak fluent russian. THANKS DOTA 2 C y k a Blyat
game-hours: 728.9
review: great game hard as nails to master
game-hours: 622.9
review: There was a time i wasn't playing Dota 2. I felt empty and shallow. Now i speak 5 languages, i am racist towards Russian nation, and i get very easily annoyed. 50/10
game-hours: 64.7
review: this is another game by gabe newell and is good because it has monsters that you can hit other monsters with and you can buy things that make your monster a better hitter than other monsters and then when you hit all the monsters you hit their church and when you hit it enough you win and everyone calls each other names
game-hours: 1822.2
review: GOOOD RULE AND GUIDELINES DOTA2
game-hours: 1125.1
review: Amazing game! I have put ton of hours in this game and i never get bored!
game-hours: 1675.8
review: This is literally the best applictaion to become fluent in russian. 10/10 would have sex with this game and then do it again every night for the next 80 years...kinda like marriage. League of legends is basically a game where in a marraige the couple are about to get a divorce but one of them end up murdering each other.
game-hours: 314.8
review: I used to like this game, but then I got disconnected from the server and when I left game I was pinalized for 3 minutes because Gabe likes to fist my prostate. 10/10 would get fisted again.
game-hours: 1124.1
review: A very fun and addictive game. You need experience and skills to be good in this game and there is no nonsense about paying to win like other games.
game-hours: 215.8
review: fk lul. dis b neew best evar gaem fo meh. lul be liek so bawd an dis soe gud so i stik tu dies wan. good. k. vry simlar 2 hun
game-hours: 1261.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 0.6
review: in turk loves this game and it's
game-hours: 1132.1
review: I Recommend This game To Other People Who play Dota 1 Its Like Upgrading Your Gameplay :)
game-hours: 878.3
review: dota best game in world
game-hours: 1113.5
review: The BEST game ever!!! :)
game-hours: 1169.1
review: "It's alright I guess." -IGN
game-hours: 2139.9
review: good game ever
game-hours: 673.7
review: ok jk
game-hours: 1264.5
review: out of hell! i got no thesis for this game!
game-hours: 907.8
review: Dota. The easiest way to learn russian. 10/10
game-hours: 527.0
review: nice, but LoL is better, ololo
game-hours: 1917.5
review: Make's me want to do meth and become lesbian.
game-hours: 1208.2
review: sucks balls like seriously it sucks 10/10
game-hours: 2373.2
review: i love this game
game-hours: 1479.0
review: Its ok if you like russians 7/10
game-hours: 4141.6
review: cool game
game-hours: 374.9
review: -Played as a hero that I never played as before -Gets triple teamed and dies -Team yells at me and calls me bad -Went on a Godlike and won the game -Team still reports me for feeding Best game ever 10/10
game-hours: 254.0
review: Stratiegic logical balanced and fun 100/1
game-hours: 3076.3
review: Better than LoL
game-hours: 564.0
review: besides the russians, peruvians,  servers, flamers, complainers, throwers, smurfs, and did i mention all the non-english speakers on english speaking servers?... this game is ok
game-hours: 126.0
review: ,        )
game-hours: 2023.9
review: Ruined my life, 5 Stars.
game-hours: 1836.7
review: This game can either be really fun with friends, or can destroy relationships with your friends. It's definitely not fun playing alone though.
game-hours: 954.1
review: ,     .
game-hours: 288.0
review: nice game, is very funny! ez game - ez life xd
game-hours: 1848.5
review: Where is the jump button?
game-hours: 93.9
review: This product helped me learn Russian in less then three months, thanks Valve!
game-hours: 1299.3
review: *warning* If you're a smoker: - Expect to finish more than 2 packs due to anger you're feeling If you love humans and social and genuine nice person: - Get ready to be punched in the face by reality (like some random guy making comments regarding your mother's anatomy or your family tree etc.). You can also forget about your social life since the comments you'll be making will be weird like "go get rekt by a sniper". As for the nice person part, "sayanora"... If you want to learn a second language: - Be ready to experience how rosetta stone would be like as a game (tho there's a bug atm, so you can only learn portugues, russian and spanish) If you don't have any bad addictions: - You'll definitely get one really really soon If you are a lively person: - Watch when this game drains your life away as well as you realise that you've learned at least 50 new ways to insult people. If you have no health problems: - Get ready for an updated new list If you think the real life is a struggle: - *smirk* you have no idea...
game-hours: 2775.0
review: After 2000 hours with the game i realized how much of a time waster this  is, that added with valve being a piece of  of a company... i don't even have to tell the reasons (hint: reusing source engine which caused multiple bugs and made the game take 3 years to develop...  ground textures,  art style, 1 hero per year released, crappy language matchmaking, etc).
game-hours: 777.8
review: Play with friends and be prepared to lose them.
game-hours: 1025.3
review: gg wp
game-hours: 167.0
review: dis is better than sex.
game-hours: 1913.0
review: i like
game-hours: 781.7
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 1008.5
review: nice
game-hours: 2567.3
review: Amazing game heavily focused on cooperation and communication. Pros: *NOT P2W this game heavily benefits experience over money as spending money on the game will only give cosmetics and no advantage in matches what so ever. *Great community, Mostly the dota 2 community is hell upon earth as language barriers are all over the place. Even tho this is a problem the community in and of itself is amazing having alot of contributions daily and providing help for problems of all kinds. If you have the right frame of mind the community will always give you a hand. *Outstanding gameplay in general. After many hours of gameplay Ive come to realize that dota 2 has one of the best character pools in MOBAS and overall multiplayer games. From heros with strengths as the game goes on to heros wich destroy in the earlygame. Character variaty is there. *100% free. Ive already made a statement on P2W being non-existant. But I have to restate that Dota 2 is true to its F2P standards. Every single Hero (Character) Is free from the get-go. If you dont want to spend 1 cent on the game you can. Cons: *Servers. Even tho the server variaty is great there is problems with the servers itself. As server breakdowns make the game somewhat unfair as better ping with the right set of skills will mean a big difference between a win and a lose more with heros wich require apropiate timing or an apropiate combo(Strom Spirit for example) *Language barriers. As the game many times missjudges the ping of a player it might send players wich speak a specific language into a server wich has mostly players that speak another. Me being from southamerica and speaking english go mostly to US servers as Theres better ping. But as I do many other southamerican players go there too and language barriers start appering as an example the typical "Peruvian" wich plays misserably and ruins matches for US players. Overall Amazing I recommend to anyone whos willing to spend large ammounts of time on a game. And to all the MOBA lovers even tho its the hardest by far. Id give a 9.0/10. Great job Valve
game-hours: 1507.9
review: We're sitting here in TeamSpeak 3 and playing quite a lot DotA 2...
game-hours: 1801.1
review: NICE GAME!!!! BESET EVER!!! the only thing that makes me hate this game are the ing idiot racists.
game-hours: 2112.6
review: good game
game-hours: 568.0
review: good game play now it fun have fun play now it fun play russian makes fun
game-hours: 410.9
review: Honestly, Just don't.
game-hours: 3603.7
review: I am always thinking like, "World is in crisis, I must do something productive and contribute to it's improvement. . . but then, let me just finish this match first o.O". 'Ravage'. . . 'Ravaaaage'. . . 'Ultee'. . . 'Hit 'R'. . . 'R', 'R', 'R'. . . f**king NOOOOB :@.
game-hours: 196.8
review: Great game for friends to play + its free with many heroes to pick from get it! and you wont regret it
game-hours: 294.5
review: This is a game that surprised me. Most of the game is just clicking with the mouse, right click to do this, left click to do that. It did require a bit of effort getting used to it. But it can be picked up easily. Still getting to grips with the camera. And the lengthy matches means that you play for hours without realising it. This game probably will take up a lot of time in your life, so make sure you have many reasons to leave your computer screen.
game-hours: 2243.6
review: 4 noobs only
game-hours: 1302.7
review: Dota is the best MOBA game I've ever played so far. Even if you're new to MOBA games like I were you should still try Dota! It's free, it's fun.. The only thing you lose on it is your social life!
game-hours: 1043.8
review: Awesome game , 10/10
game-hours: 426.6
review: It's an amazing game - technically outstanding, showing all of Valve's usual polish and attention to detail, especially in the all-important multiplayer aspects. The continual balance tweaks and new heroes combined with the vast amount of content in the game offer countless hours of enjoyment. It's hard to master but good wins with your teammates are incredibly satisfying. It took me a long time to warm up to, but I'm helplessly addicted and every day look forward to getting home to fire this up with my friends. If you can spare the time - play it.
game-hours: 3428.3
review: Game so goooood! Best played with friends otherwise you get stuck with people without a brain..
game-hours: 1684.5
review: Dota 2 is better than most of games and it is free.
game-hours: 178.1
review: !!!
game-hours: 3742.9
review: this is GOOD
game-hours: 360.3
review: I leik dis.
game-hours: 9.8
review: Got reported by my entire team in my second game for sucking so bad
game-hours: 198.6
review: Nice Game :D
game-hours: 1700.9
review: great game :)
game-hours: 1105.8
review: bljat / 10
game-hours: 1082.3
review: I LOVE THIS GAME <333
game-hours: 222.6
review: Real tough learning curve, but awesome once you start getting used to it. I'm addicted to this game. Don't bother unless you have patience and time. The more you play, the better you get, and the more fun it is.
game-hours: 617.8
review: DOTA 2 is a stratigic line-war game that also involves alot of team work, its fun to play with friends and has over 100 characters to choose from. All in all DOTA 2 is a great game and on top of everything its free!
game-hours: 2937.5
review: It is fun, for the first week of playing i feel like I'm in the best game in the world. Great job of creating this game.
game-hours: 1312.1
review: gruan
game-hours: 1036.7
review: I dont Like team with no Team Work
game-hours: 2348.4
review: Has caused me to have extreme trust issues and an overall hatred for those around me, 10/10
game-hours: 1247.3
review: Dank
game-hours: 655.7
review: Fun game and great to play with your friends, the gameplay is easy enough to pick up when you're learning and can get really intense when you get into matches with people who know what they're doing. 9/10
game-hours: 1406.8
review: The game is good, especially for a free to play game. No bought benefits other than some vanity items. The only bad part of the game . . . . are the russians.
game-hours: 3162.9
review: ded gaem
game-hours: 628.6
review: good game
game-hours: 40.0
review: The most played game on Steam. I tried to like it, I really did. Something about it puts me off. Too much micro? Too much reliance on random teammates? Too many characters to choose from? You should try this, millions of people can't be wrong? I just can't seem to get into it... 3/5
game-hours: 1578.4
review: Awesome game lots of fun Reccomende for everyone!!!
game-hours: 2451.2
review: Best game I have played to date. I would recommend, and since it is free, check it out.
game-hours: 2755.9
review: it ok
game-hours: 1667.9
review: Play it!!!
game-hours: 1358.5
review: Nice Game <3
game-hours: 1589.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 1476.5
review: (y)
game-hours: 554.2
review: Amazing Game, never thought anything better.
game-hours: 1970.1
review: Dota 2 promises to take the unique blend of online RTS and RPG action that has made Dota popular with tens of millions of gamers and expand upon it in every way. This is a competitive MOBA game of action and strategy, played both professionally and casually by millions of passionate fans worldwide. Players pick from a pool of over a hundred heroes, forming two teams of five characters. Radiant heroes then battle their Dire counterparts to control a fantasy landscape, waging campaigns of cunning, stealth, and outright warfare. Put a few hundred hours into a game and you'll normally have its mechanics down pat. You may not be the greatest player ever, but you can usually expect to be at least competent and able to make a valuable contribution to your team's efforts. Sure, some teenager all hopped up on Mountain Dew and pubertal rage is still going to have faster reactions than you, but you'll get by. Until you pick up Dota 2. In Dota 2 you can play for a hundred hours and still be the most useless n00b to ever play the game, a let down to your team, an embarrassment to friends and family. It's a brutal game. But if you get into itand not everyone willit can make a full-on heroin addiction look like nothing more severe than a mild hankering.
game-hours: 4797.5
review: GG WP!
game-hours: 343.4
review: i recommend this to every one to play... =D
game-hours: 1032.9
review: maybe someday even I become a mother I'll miss to play dota.
game-hours: 314.2
review: The Best Game
game-hours: 3968.5
review: Dota 2 has it all ! ! are you in the mood to play an FPS !? pick sniper! Want a flight simulator !? play gyro copter! want to play a mech simulator!? play timbersaw !! want to play a dragon simulator? !? pick dragon knigh!t! you in the mood for a ebola spreader simulator? pick veno! want to play barbie simulator!? pick cm ! want some hentai tentacle simulator? pick tide and go ravage!! want to play a pirate simulator!? pick kunka! want to play a bird simulator!? pick phoenix ! want to r4pe es with your big stone !? pick earth shaker! you ever wanted to see what it feels like to be invisible forever !? dota 2 has invisible simulators like riki ! want to play a hippie simulator!? pick NP! want to play samurai simulator!?! ? pick jug ! wana play a batman simulatoR! ? pick night skater ! wan t o ever be a zoo kkeeper simulatoar? pick bear druid or beastmaetster ! wan to play cool games like cool zombie survival games like h1z1 !? dont bother nerd ! just pick undying and u have ur own zombey! want to play icecream cone simulator !? pick AA ! As you sacan see from my revew of dta 2 this game is basically all games in the world combined into 1 massive simulator gagme ! very worht the price $ so buy now and play for free best pay to lse game 2015 !
game-hours: 17.2
review: Overall i'd say its not that bad. little different from League but still fun enough. however my steam friend Mwacky is too stuck in his ways to try it and the moment he started doing poorly in a bot game just quit. he is a big .
game-hours: 1267.3
review: Dota is either fun or infuriating once you figure out what to do. Dota destroys relationships with friends, makes you racist to nearly everyone that doesn't speak your language, makes you a terrible, intolerant person who insults people when barely provoked. If you're going to play dota, don't play it with good friends. Play with friends you don't mind losing. That'll either make you super close or hate eachother. Over 9000/10 get it now
game-hours: 828.4
review: test
game-hours: 3035.6
review: Amazing MOBA game for ever
game-hours: 1309.2
review: Dota 2 is highly addictive in the respects that it's fast paced, strategic, and overall fun to play. To be honest, at first I couldn't get into the game though after I kept pushing myself to learn the heroes, items, mechanics, strats, etc. This as become one of my favorite game to play with friends. Every time I play a match it's different, it's always different. When other heroes are chosen, it changes the game entirely. The rules of the game change everytime you pick your hero and your enemies and team mates pick theirs. Every hero is over powered when leveled and given the right items. +Pros: Wide and ever growing pool of heroes, Wide ranges of team and lane combinations, Training grounds are very friendly to new players to the MOBA style of gaming or just to the game over all, Wide range of abilities active and passive, Casual and competitive game play from non-ranked to ranked, Keeps track of your MMR, Matches you with people around the same skill level as you or the head of your party, Some heroes have companion lines. -Cons: Dated textures on some heroes, Hard to get out of Low Priority once in Low Priority, Other regions get intertwined easily, Prefered language doesn't always mean you'll get with people who speak in a tongue you understand (English, Portuguise, Russian, German, Etc.), People tend to rage easily, Reports might be common to new players unfamiliar with multiplayer matches.
game-hours: 1267.8
review: A place where you can meet jerks, get scolded, ragequit, etc. One of the best game of all time.
game-hours: 792.8
review: Its Good :D :D
game-hours: 285.6
review: Nice Game ;) Today was good. Today was fun. Tomorrow is another one.
game-hours: 1101.2
review: Dota 2 is my fav game and it is good because i have learned russian from it 10/10
game-hours: 1085.2
review: Yes this game is hard to learn. yes people can be rather aggressive. yes it is possibly the best multiplayer experience I've ever had and yes once you play at least 10 games you'll be hooked. I try to play at least one game a day and have been doing so for months and don't plan on stopping. Give the game a chance (more like 5) and I guarantee that you'll see why its the most played game on steam. be prepared to be dumbfounded as to why you were playing anything else. also a side note: the games free. steam is free. the only thing u have to lose from giving it a try is alil self respect in the beginning. but don't worry after one game where u actually do really good you'll feel like a million bucks.
game-hours: 1520.5
review: what else to say
game-hours: 1856.4
review: Makes me want to kill myself. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 1309.2
review: Dota 2 is highly addictive in the respects that it's fast paced, strategic, and overall fun to play. To be honest, at first I couldn't get into the game though after I kept pushing myself to learn the heroes, items, mechanics, strats, etc. This as become one of my favorite game to play with friends. Every time I play a match it's different, it's always different. When other heroes are chosen, it changes the game entirely. The rules of the game change everytime you pick your hero and your enemies and team mates pick theirs. Every hero is over powered when leveled and given the right items. +Pros: Wide and ever growing pool of heroes, Wide ranges of team and lane combinations, Training grounds are very friendly to new players to the MOBA style of gaming or just to the game over all, Wide range of abilities active and passive, Casual and competitive game play from non-ranked to ranked, Keeps track of your MMR, Matches you with people around the same skill level as you or the head of your party, Some heroes have companion lines. -Cons: Dated textures on some heroes, Hard to get out of Low Priority once in Low Priority, Other regions get intertwined easily, Prefered language doesn't always mean you'll get with people who speak in a tongue you understand (English, Portuguise, Russian, German, Etc.), People tend to rage easily, Reports might be common to new players unfamiliar with multiplayer matches.
game-hours: 1267.8
review: A place where you can meet jerks, get scolded, ragequit, etc. One of the best game of all time.
game-hours: 792.8
review: Its Good :D :D
game-hours: 285.6
review: Nice Game ;) Today was good. Today was fun. Tomorrow is another one.
game-hours: 454.7
review: This is game is awesome!! The teamwork! the violence! the cooperation!
game-hours: 714.3
review: This game is unlike any other game..the graphics is awosome unlike other games..
game-hours: 228.6
review: ?
game-hours: 2104.1
review: good game
game-hours: 1673.3
review: A great free to play MOBA based game that anyone can enjoy, no matter what genre you favour. The frequent updates and patches will keep you playing for endless hours. Plus you dont have to pay for anything to experience the game's full potential, unlike some other MOBA's. 9/10
game-hours: 503.6
review: great game :3 best MOBA ever~
game-hours: 1373.5
review: .....
game-hours: 1052.8
review: first thing i thought about dota is boring.. but then when i try to play i become addicted.. @_@
game-hours: 172.6
review: Learning curve isn't as bad as people make out. Fun to play with some friends, and even better when you pull off good strategies.
game-hours: 2124.2
review: Do u even ?
game-hours: 3674.0
review: Its a decent game im not that into it yet.
game-hours: 266.3
review: Good game to fill your free time
game-hours: 6.9
review: Paid $5.99 for this game in beta but fell in love with league instead. Its a decent game with cool characters but I don't play it, made a friend from it though so I guess it's worth
game-hours: 1195.8
review: Good Game
game-hours: 855.4
review: This is an anth game, really nice graphics. One word for it, "Kapari".
game-hours: 1471.7
review: !!!!!
game-hours: 1395.1
review: Derp...
game-hours: 627.5
review: The game is simply like life: has its ups and downs but overall a great experience.
game-hours: 9.9
review: Too much hero choices , too much items and cosmetics , too much good graphics.. Good Co-op , Medium gameplay Too little item drops ! , hard for beginners ! , hard for non-strategy gamers I recommend the game , come on it's DOTA 2
game-hours: 1924.3
review: after playing 1088 hours of this game, im still: durak. . blyadischa. dolbo yeb. huesos. Thats just the russian i recorded, if you too want to meet russians, play dota in any region because every regions servers are in russia. i rate this game 11/10
game-hours: 600.1
review: test
game-hours: 845.5
review: Because of this game, I now know what  means. Thank you DotA. gr8 b8 m8 would r8 8/8 has many gr8 tr8s
game-hours: 3302.6
review: 7/10 good game no flaws only bad thing is the community, 1. if you decide to play this game expect to be bashed on ie insulted on every worst possible scenerio until you finally become the one bashing the newbies.
game-hours: 0.8
review: Ihan ... League of Legends voittaa
game-hours: 730.5
review: zxdcZXC
game-hours: 471.6
review: Once upon a time a russian in the other team told me 'peka you good'. 10/10 vodkas would play again.
game-hours: 3189.8
review: Best Doto
game-hours: 699.6
review: Cool game
game-hours: 3728.4
review: If you love your family and friends. You should never play this game with them. Highly recommended!
game-hours: 1225.3
review: Blyat. After 1,000 hours of this game, I can say it is one of the best games I have played. But, I wouldn't advise you to play it as it will drain the F***ing soul out of you, and you will not have any life from then on. However, if you do decide to play this game, Report the Russians and flame your team.
game-hours: 2059.7
review: Friendship Destroyer, stay away from this game. 10/10, would spend another 2K hours.
game-hours: 81.6
review: Try it
game-hours: 3144.2
review: After playing over 1000 hours of this game, I would love to say that Valve have done an amazing job working with IceFrog to create a game that, although objectively the same each time, is engaging and extremely dynamic every time. Screams of joy and frustration will be heard when you play this game, maybe you will develop an unrelented hatred for the Russian people or simply call "Mid or Feed". All I can say is, I am glad I took the time to get past Dota's steep learning curve for it has been a rewarding experience that I am looking forward to continue for many months to come.
game-hours: 1602.1
review: Meh, it's okay.
game-hours: 1104.6
review: Man, I dnt think I have the time to marry someone after playing this game
game-hours: 1843.1
review: Hours of fun, all you have to do is select in which Russia you want to play today!
game-hours: 704.9
review: DOTA 2
game-hours: 5787.4
review: Dota 2 for life \m/
game-hours: 894.0
review: ggwp
game-hours: 416.7
review: Best game ever i played
game-hours: 62.8
review: This Is One Of The best Games In Online World but We Cant Win Any Games , Cuz This Russians ...
game-hours: 9.4
review: cancer
game-hours: 42.7
review: More competitive then dota 1, but yet so hard to play. It was so hard for some players who were used to dota 1 mechanics to adapt to dota 2. Abstract game, the camera is too close to the players, is just a pure chaos in a teamfight. Dota 1 is better.
game-hours: 5493.6
review: best game ever ...waste time of ur life ...meet a lot of ed up people all around the world ..dota suck ..but still sucking it
game-hours: 2340.1
review: Addicted
game-hours: 949.2
review: Dota 2 is a game that you can play the entire life course with friends for added fun, the game you play longer peridon and we'll play on for a long time, my score 10/10. Great game.
game-hours: 1688.8
review: May cause anal leakage, depression, anxiety, anger temper much easily irritated, and possible  cancer. 10/10
game-hours: 1373.7
review: There's a hedgehog who snugs all his goo on you while hiting you with a stick. 10/10
game-hours: 919.2
review: bilib
game-hours: 2196.2
review: If you are good at something, don't start playing LoL
game-hours: 558.0
review: nice one.. ^^ gg
game-hours: 635.6
review: hi hello
game-hours: 1767.2
review: Nice
game-hours: 6323.0
review: Made me 100% more racist. 10/10
game-hours: 1286.6
review: its ok
game-hours: 177.6
review: qwe
game-hours: 1981.3
review: zaebongo
game-hours: 1669.4
review: gg wp
game-hours: 1261.6
review: 1500 hours of playing, never get tired of it 10/10
game-hours: 113.1
review: better than lol
game-hours: 98.5
review: This game is similar to League of Legends but only have 1 map. You should try this and League of Legends to comare the two, some people say that dota 2 is more fun andother say League of Legends is more fun, but these two are really the same, so you should try both out
game-hours: 71.3
review: DotA -    Defense of the Ancients,  . -   2.    , ,    ,    .    , DotA 2 -     ,    (     ).         (   3-5 )     -  . ,   2     ,    .  ,         ,    .             ,      . ,    -     "",      .       ,   ,  dota 2    .    ,         -.       500.       . ,   ,     .   dota 2     (   -  ),     ,       ,    .      -   ,   .   ,    .        .
game-hours: 1790.5
review: GGWP
game-hours: 1035.7
review: This is a good game. It has a lot of meta and it's hard to play. I love it.
game-hours: 1203.5
review: wew
game-hours: 1529.6
review: ))
game-hours: 574.7
review: I lost my life
game-hours: 413.3
review: One of the best MOBA games out there.
game-hours: 2955.1
review: If you want to learn Russian this is the .
game-hours: 54.7
review: It's a cool game.
game-hours: 1600.3
review: yeah i Love playing dota 2
game-hours: 42.3
review: pretty gud join me plz dondo senpai + sensei rulez
game-hours: 357.7
review: good game
game-hours: 0.7
review: THE RUSSIANS....THE IN RUSSIANS.....THEY ARE EVERYWHERE......RUUUUUN.......*dies*
game-hours: 1137.3
review: has enlightened me to capitalist scum dystopia +rep
game-hours: 1040.8
review: It'll give you back your virginity
game-hours: 1177.5
review: Love this team filled action packed game it never gets boring love it
game-hours: 3433.0
review: A blast from the past and a major landmark for competitive gaming. DOTA was originally a Warcraft III mod which immediately became a crowd favorite. The deep learning curve provides a true strategic experience and will keep you on your feet. With the enormous pool of different Heroes to pick from along with the collection of items that you can build, you can create multiple ways of approaching a situation/fight. This game is not easy to pick up, however, the basic mechanics can be quickly picked up/taught. With the revision backed by Valve, DOTA 2 is sparking up the esports scene once again. It is providing another source of life to a game that was part of the few that started the whole competitive scene overall. Although the game might seem "over-competitive", it is definitely a great game to have fun with a group of friends and can provide numerous amounts of fun and laughter. Games of the same genre/basic mechanics (MOBAs) are : League of Legends (LoL), and Heroes of Newerth (HoN).
game-hours: 1456.8
review: good game well played
game-hours: 1234.2
review: Excellent game, free to play. Great Graphics, Fun Gameplay. There is no reason to not play it. If you are a gamer and like MOBA platform games, then i recommended this game for you
game-hours: 644.2
review: goood `
game-hours: 1748.4
review: Doto of the ancients > LoLegend league of Legends 10/IV would play again, best fps in today's scientific community
game-hours: 689.1
review: very nich
game-hours: 2998.9
review: Simply put, the best multiplayer game of all time.
game-hours: 3312.8
review: awesome game by valve
game-hours: 1055.7
review: If you love RTS and want to cool off from war hammer or StarCraft, why not play DOTA? You control 1 hero (at most 5 units.), a lot of depth, easy to learn hard to master and most important FUN AS HELL. In my opinion takes LOL by a long shot and the fact that ice frog and valve are behind this gives it credit alone. Ive been playing the DOTA 2 test and this is my conclusion; on the sound nice ambiance and very engaging battle music, on the graphics the environment needs a bit of work but the hero aesthetics are great and on the mechanics... well i think its too early to say but seems on the right track. All in all a great and (again in my opinion) a "must have game". Score: Visuals: 10/10 music\hero vocals: 10/10 Mechanics: 9.5/10 Overall: 10/10
game-hours: 425.7
review: nice
game-hours: 4377.5
review: Combined with the original, Dota is probably my single most played game and still, I feel like I've only scratched the surface. Combined with a good community and Valve's policy of encouraging modding, this game has to be my all time favorite game.
game-hours: 43.1
review: <3
game-hours: 1413.1
review: So osom. 10/9 Would bang
game-hours: 198.9
review: It's like League of Legends with guns!
game-hours: 2258.4
review: Gets b1tches
game-hours: 4775.8
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 5592.9
review: Free time killer
game-hours: 56.7
review: i like the part where the monkey man comes out of nowhere and oneshots you
game-hours: 3444.0
review: One of the best game i have ever played. Totally addicted to it now !!!.Highly recommended.
game-hours: 2183.9
review: Like
game-hours: 3085.4
review: fukc
game-hours: 903.9
review: This game was started decades ago and still has its "Crown" on being the best MOBA and Strategy game
game-hours: 2369.9
review: Best Russian Language-Learning Software on the market.
game-hours: 1489.2
review: GG 10/10
game-hours: 2096.3
review: Nice game.
game-hours: 3.4
review: 2dumb4me
game-hours: 1969.1
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 1368.0
review: this game is good
game-hours: 2390.2
review: <3 it
game-hours: 1779.6
review: Don't do drugs, do Dota! It's just as addicting once you get the hang of it. :D
game-hours: 996.3
review: Imminent Tears
game-hours: 1318.9
review: like
game-hours: 1772.6
review: Best game ever i've played
game-hours: 553.7
review: This game is so awesome !
game-hours: 0.9
review: I missed by a pixel and everyone hated me 10/10
game-hours: 442.5
review: My Life!
game-hours: 586.4
review: Everyone in this game appears to be Russian and only knows how to say  you or i ed you mother
game-hours: 712.2
review: I like Dota 2!
game-hours: 3005.2
review: nice game :)
game-hours: 512.3
review: this is an addictive game since dota1
game-hours: 1438.8
review: This is really a nice game.
game-hours: 1422.7
review: Very addictive game lol
game-hours: 1320.6
review: NICE GAME
game-hours: 732.4
review: no DOTA 2= boring life
game-hours: 1523.2
review: Nice Game Very Good Graphics
game-hours: 1796.1
review: Mucho Russian 10/10
game-hours: 1303.2
review: Nice!!!
game-hours: 1330.6
review: 7 years and counting.....1 map...millions of outcomes...never the same *thumbs up*
game-hours: 585.1
review: Ez Game
game-hours: 4480.7
review: piu piu piu
game-hours: 127.6
review: good game I enjoy playing it
game-hours: 1178.5
review: Playing it every day. Not so balanced, but still fun to play! Recommending for people that like strategy type of games. Huge events (The International, Starladder etc.). If you will be that good in this game you can win huge prizes on that evetns with your team. 98/100
game-hours: 34.9
review: I learned Russian in
game-hours: 374.8
review: Good
game-hours: 1097.2
review: Better than League.
game-hours: 405.8
review: good game
game-hours: 2193.5
review: sometimes hard sometimes fun always have a challenge in every game :D
game-hours: 708.3
review: :D
game-hours: 1568.8
review: You can kamikaze as a donkey. 10/10
game-hours: 739.8
review: This is the best game in the world.
game-hours: 1861.1
review: Playing it since 2002.. Remember there was no Riki back in Dota 1.. Many many years passed untill Dota 2 and Dota 2 is just everything and beyond a Dota fan would expect.. Wonderful, addictive, it's just part of our lives now..
game-hours: 1042.7
review: Pudge is a wizard 10/10
game-hours: 2130.1
review: Only Rakovalnya
game-hours: 3687.9
review: i recommend this not to everyone because this game is only for intelligent people!
game-hours: 434.6
review: T.T
game-hours: 1130.4
review: The best game ever ^^ ! Come play with US !
game-hours: 986.7
review: cool
game-hours: 790.3
review: yeah
game-hours: 1139.7
review: Notice Me Senpai!
game-hours: 11.9
review: Well played!
game-hours: 1647.1
review: With 1000 hours spent on this, I now know how to swear fluently in 26 different languages. Thanks Dota! 10/10 Better than Rosetta Stone
game-hours: 2262.9
review: Awesome game, couldn't quit playing.
game-hours: 191.1
review: You play one guy and get mad at other people 10/10 game
game-hours: 620.1
review: You either die a scrub, or live long enough to be called a try hard. 10/10
game-hours: 609.4
review: ilove emma watson :3
game-hours: 2071.2
review: ^^
game-hours: 1088.1
review: Valve,  Add This  Please!
game-hours: 1395.5
review: great game
game-hours: 2331.1
review: >Well Played!
game-hours: 418.1
review: Finally the beta is over :D
game-hours: 5.2
review: If your hair is anywhere near this product, you should definately see a doctor 1/26
game-hours: 1827.2
review: D-estroyer O-f T-he A-nger manegment nerves
game-hours: 0.6
review: Nope.
game-hours: 553.6
review: wew wkwkwkwkwkwk
game-hours: 8.7
review: The hell is a gank What is an e-sport What do you meen by 'Carry'? What are you even saying? (Russian probs) If that sounds entertaining then this game is for you I have 7 hours on Dota2 and I do not know how I got those hours, I almost killed a bot once... I am terrible at mobas But still a good game 10/10 would get rekt again, and again...and again.
game-hours: 907.9
review: i like this Game :)
game-hours: 595.7
review: good game
game-hours: 1528.7
review: dis gaem uas a gud gaem
game-hours: 1762.0
review: This game is absolutely amazing, with a great mixture of depth and hilarious moments. One such example, is the fact that despite the game's serious atmosphere, it has the funniest videos on youtube, like "Never go full agility" and "Chaos dunk." I have really come to enjoy this game, having played almost 650 hrs on it. Though i must say that some of your teammates in game are going to be s, and will report you for stupid reasons such as "stealing kills" or "not listening." Good luck and have fun :D
game-hours: 1562.9
review: Excellent game, well-designed, thought-out and even though might not be unique, it gave me a special experience
game-hours: 1114.0
review: asdas
game-hours: 2089.8
review: its just awsome!!!
game-hours: 548.1
review: Pros: can kill trees learn fluent russian kill an ancient creature for its cheese protect virginity forever get fat learn that there are many races but yours is the best realize how ed up the world is get firebombed by russians Cons:       . Overall: /10
game-hours: 37.4
review: Hmmm, Dota is extremely addictive.... however this is because its a good game. The community can be very harsh and rude towards beginners ( So just ignore them ) Overall i give the game a 9/10 rating for gameplay ( would be 10/10 but the community is a bit too harsh on newbies )
game-hours: 1713.6
review: i only want to kill myself more after each game great game
game-hours: 1490.9
review: GG EZ
game-hours: 1763.4
review: we
game-hours: 2027.2
review: Dota 2 is undoubtedly the best mobo game i've ever played.It's far better than Dota 1 where the graphics is creepy.
game-hours: 808.2
review: dota 2 my favorite
game-hours: 1586.9
review: Ahh, Dota 2. It's basically a drug. Once you start, you can't stop.
game-hours: 1107.0
review: ,  ,
game-hours: 169.1
review: This game will devour your soul..... 10/10
game-hours: 3800.9
review: i swear on me mum m8 gtfo before you turn into one of us. Literally the most addicting game ever created
game-hours: 34.3
review: ALL DAY EVERYDAY RUINED MY LIFE
game-hours: 1037.4
review: good
game-hours: 37.2
review: Ever since my friend got into this, I haven't heard from him. We don't speak to each other anymore, and he will not stop playing this game. This is highly addictive to some people, I was one of the lucky ones. If you want someone to stop talking, or having a social life/soul I would recommend this for them.
game-hours: 1105.1
review: Man, I dnt think I have the time to marry someone after playing this game
game-hours: 1843.1
review: Hours of fun, all you have to do is select in which Russia you want to play today!
game-hours: 704.9
review: DOTA 2
game-hours: 5787.4
review: Dota 2 for life \m/
game-hours: 894.0
review: ggwp
game-hours: 416.7
review: Best game ever i played
game-hours: 62.8
review: This Is One Of The best Games In Online World but We Cant Win Any Games , Cuz This Russians ...
game-hours: 9.4
review: cancer
game-hours: 42.7
review: More competitive then dota 1, but yet so hard to play. It was so hard for some players who were used to dota 1 mechanics to adapt to dota 2. Abstract game, the camera is too close to the players, is just a pure chaos in a teamfight. Dota 1 is better.
game-hours: 5493.6
review: best game ever ...waste time of ur life ...meet a lot of ed up people all around the world ..dota suck ..but still sucking it
game-hours: 2340.6
review: Addicted
game-hours: 949.2
review: Dota 2 is a game that you can play the entire life course with friends for added fun, the game you play longer peridon and we'll play on for a long time, my score 10/10. Great game.
game-hours: 1688.8
review: May cause anal leakage, depression, anxiety, anger temper much easily irritated, and possible  cancer. 10/10
game-hours: 1373.7
review: There's a hedgehog who snugs all his goo on you while hiting you with a stick. 10/10
game-hours: 919.2
review: bilib
game-hours: 2196.2
review: If you are good at something, don't start playing LoL
game-hours: 558.0
review: nice one.. ^^ gg
game-hours: 635.6
review: hi hello
game-hours: 1035.5
review: This is actually pretty fun.
game-hours: 1300.2
review: this is recommended game
game-hours: 3162.3
review: .
game-hours: 887.6
review: GG
game-hours: 2389.1
review: zbc
game-hours: 2078.9
review: Nice game. Recommend it so much.
game-hours: 2156.4
review: Under all Clones like LoL,Hon or whatever, finally the real DotA is there,  yeah
game-hours: 832.3
review: This best game
game-hours: 4460.1
review: Complete waste of your life. If you start you will not stop. Don't even think about it.
game-hours: 629.1
review: This game is very fun but also very addictive
game-hours: 0.2
review: There were pandas, apart from that this game can  it its own face.
game-hours: 232.2
review: Best MOBA ever!
game-hours: 1130.0
review: I orginally played Dota 2 when it first came out having my friend play and tell me about it. I tried the tutorial which was an awful idea because the game's tutorial is, for the most part, useless. I recommend going straight into a Bot match with some friends who have already played the game that will be so much easier. Here are the pros and cons of this game. Pros: *Great, but hard gameplay. *Super Addictive *Great music, voice acting, graphics, and animations. *Unique characters. *Strategy based teamwork. *Occasional good teammates. *Gives you a list of items to get for you charcter such as Starting Items, Early Game, Core Items, and Situational Items. *Hella Charcters *Team creation and rosters. *A GIANT playerbase and I mean GIANT! Cons: *Occasional bad teammates. *Russians play on your own server. *Occasional feeders(One who gets killed on purpose) *Racism *Annoyance and anger when loosing. *Can, if you let it, ruin your day even your life no joke, although hasn't happened to me. *Unlike LoL(League of Legends) has all characters unlocked which can make it harder to chose and get used to characters. *One map which is fine but can turn some gamers off. I know this seems like a lot more cons than pros but this is really a good game definently if you have friends to play with. One more thing this game is not for casual gamers at all and you most likely will die a lot at first. Even if you don't think you'll like this game you should still try it. If you need help with it at first get a friend to help you play if not contact me and I can help.
game-hours: 3730.1
review: Fun and addicted to it. My life not ruined by this game at all. 10/10
game-hours: 584.8
review: i love dota 2
game-hours: 454.9
review: good game and i know every one loves this game
game-hours: 1485.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 2418.3
review: love this game :D
game-hours: 613.0
review: nice MOBA game ever and ever i meet
game-hours: 2059.7
review: Friendship Destroyer, stay away from this game. 10/10, would spend another 2K hours.
game-hours: 81.6
review: Try it
game-hours: 343.4
review: i recommend this to every one to play... =D
game-hours: 1032.9
review: maybe someday even I become a mother I'll miss to play dota.
game-hours: 314.2
review: The Best Game
game-hours: 3968.5
review: Dota 2 has it all ! ! are you in the mood to play an FPS !? pick sniper! Want a flight simulator !? play gyro copter! want to play a mech simulator!? play timbersaw !! want to play a dragon simulator? !? pick dragon knigh!t! you in the mood for a ebola spreader simulator? pick veno! want to play barbie simulator!? pick cm ! want some hentai tentacle simulator? pick tide and go ravage!! want to play a pirate simulator!? pick kunka! want to play a bird simulator!? pick phoenix ! want to r4pe es with your big stone !? pick earth shaker! you ever wanted to see what it feels like to be invisible forever !? dota 2 has invisible simulators like riki ! want to play a hippie simulator!? pick NP! want to play samurai simulator!?! ? pick jug ! wana play a batman simulatoR! ? pick night skater ! wan t o ever be a zoo kkeeper simulatoar? pick bear druid or beastmaetster ! wan to play cool games like cool zombie survival games like h1z1 !? dont bother nerd ! just pick undying and u have ur own zombey! want to play icecream cone simulator !? pick AA ! As you sacan see from my revew of dta 2 this game is basically all games in the world combined into 1 massive simulator gagme ! very worht the price $ so buy now and play for free best pay to lse game 2015 !
game-hours: 17.2
review: Overall i'd say its not that bad. little different from League but still fun enough. however my steam friend Mwacky is too stuck in his ways to try it and the moment he started doing poorly in a bot game just quit. he is a big .
game-hours: 1267.6
review: Dota is either fun or infuriating once you figure out what to do. Dota destroys relationships with friends, makes you racist to nearly everyone that doesn't speak your language, makes you a terrible, intolerant person who insults people when barely provoked. If you're going to play dota, don't play it with good friends. Play with friends you don't mind losing. That'll either make you super close or hate eachother. Over 9000/10 get it now
game-hours: 828.4
review: test
game-hours: 3035.6
review: Amazing MOBA game for ever
game-hours: 1209.1
review: sucks balls like seriously it sucks 10/10
game-hours: 2373.2
review: i love this game
game-hours: 692.2
review: nice awesome
game-hours: 2381.3
review: Good Fun :)
game-hours: 1.9
review: nope.
game-hours: 1241.6
review: awesome!
game-hours: 243.2
review: HELLL YA thats all i have to say
game-hours: 237.8
review: So pro :)
game-hours: 525.0
review: Drags you in, doesn't let go, days go by. you feel the hunger begin to eat you alive. you take a five minute break to cram as much food down your throat as possible and it is back to the game.
game-hours: 624.5
review: A really great game !
game-hours: 1111.2
review: Learn Russian and Spanish for free in Volvo's addition to it's games with 2 in it!
game-hours: 908.4
review: DotA all-Stars was the one that started the MOBA gaming genre. Pretenders to the throne such as HoN or LoL were no match of what the mighty Valve have done, rebooting the mod into an award winning game. To me each hero has a unique feels to them which gives them there own stregths and weakness, some heros do feel overpowerd in some aspects, but if you have a good team with different heros with different roles, your team is bound to win. The things i find annoying in game are the ammount of people that always leave a game because of rage quit, these people need to learn a lesson or to about good sportsmanship. Another is languages, make sure you read up on your: -Russian -Spanish -Indonesian language books for the best experiacne, so you don't have to stop and type to your team "ENGLISH" Overall, this game is a great a game with balanced mechanics in all aspects of the game, im glad i waste 45 minutes per match to play a great game. 9.2/10
game-hours: 836.7
review: Well, I dislike some attitudes of players in this game but overall this game is fun and addictive.
game-hours: 192.6
review: fsdfsdf
game-hours: 45.1
review: the chance of having a russian or more in one game is the same as waking up in the morning.
game-hours: 215.7
review: Good game. It reveals who you are.
game-hours: 441.7
review: This is the most expensive game I have ever played. It will merely cost you your soul. Also, the hell with techies.
game-hours: 3089.7
review: If you play this game long enough, its starts playing you
game-hours: 1052.0
review: first 100 hours......get called noob,feeder and useless after 300 hours.... started to call them noob,feeder and useless great game!!!!
game-hours: 936.6
review: Game where ingenuity, creativity and aggression merge to form something STELLAR.
game-hours: 1442.1
review: gd
game-hours: 498.8
review: um jogo colorido com bonecos bonitinhos e fofinhos que tacam purpurina e batem com um pedacinho de madeira, que comem arvores para recuperar o HP, usam o galo para trabalho ESCRAVO de busca/entrega de itens, ou seja ISSO TUDO  UMA BOSTA 10/10 GAME EPIC EPIC EPIC HOLY SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT
game-hours: 945.9
review: the best game I've played so far.... very recommended
game-hours: 1324.1
review: This game ruined my life. 11/10
game-hours: 429.2
review: Extremely good community, I have found multiple edgy Sonic OC's in my time playing and wrote atleast 3 fanfictions about Invoker's hair. If only the community would start feeding the children in Africa instead of the enemy team. Overall 10/10, fluent in russian now.
game-hours: 2514.6
review: game is hard
game-hours: 1325.4
review: Dota 2 symptoms *swearing lot's of swearing *loss of you're real friends *appetite loss *depression *anxiety *addiction *weight loss or gain *hair loss *stress *rapid heart rate Its the new FREE meth So why not give it a blast 10/10 ggwp
game-hours: 363.4
review: The best MOBA hands down. The lore of the heroes, the diversity and unique design of each hero, every aspect is well thought out. While some heroes are a bit overpowered, you can still counter them, and you can still win. The setting and soundtrack adds to the aspect of gameplay as well. This game crushes LoL, SMITE, and HoN in my opinion.
game-hours: 6575.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 2040.2
review: DOTA 2 <3
game-hours: 196.8
review: Great game for friends to play + its free with many heroes to pick from get it! and you wont regret it
game-hours: 295.5
review: This is a game that surprised me. Most of the game is just clicking with the mouse, right click to do this, left click to do that. It did require a bit of effort getting used to it. But it can be picked up easily. Still getting to grips with the camera. And the lengthy matches means that you play for hours without realising it. This game probably will take up a lot of time in your life, so make sure you have many reasons to leave your computer screen.
game-hours: 2243.6
review: 4 noobs only
game-hours: 665.4
review: I LOVE IT <3
game-hours: 12.7
review: my review is helpful
game-hours: 1727.9
review: Good game. Very Enjoyable to play and best game ever.
game-hours: 1341.4
review: awesome game ever!!!!!!
game-hours: 340.6
review: this is a ing good game try it
game-hours: 902.8
review: Dont play this game if you dont want to ruin your social life. 10/10
game-hours: 3277.1
review: Pinoy ruin my game 10/10 -GameSpot
game-hours: 5923.7
review: awesome game! definitely would recommend
game-hours: 4433.3
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 1514.2
review: NAIS
game-hours: 124.1
review: i love dota 1 but when dota 2 came it was a blow. the iteming method is over simplefied and a game can be ended in just 20-30 minutes its awesome.
game-hours: 84.1
review: Pretty much a boring version of League of Legends. Why League of Legends is better than this game: 1) League fo Legends is f2p. Dota 2 costs $30 2) League of Legends has a broader selection of playable characters 3) League of Legends has a nicer UI 4) League of Legends has a slightly smaller map for more intense and skilled battles 5) League of Legends is more popular on Twitch.tv and has more MLG pro gaming tournaments and such 6) No russians in League of Legends 7) Dota features a Pay-2-Win system in which you can buy exclusive items for each character such as armor and weapons. 8) Dota only has one map while League of Legends has several maps and game modes which you can play to your liking 9) Biggest problem with Dota: NO RANKING system. You can't see improvement through ladders and such, horrendous stats page, absolutely no ranking system other than levels which is also Pay-2-Win with XP boosts avaliable on the market 10) Very gimmicky crates dropped at the end of each game trying to sucker you into spending more money on keys 11) Extremely boring map, it's all dark and depressing. Makes me want to fall asleep. 12) Very low player population. Highest played game on Steam, but not even 1/3rd of League of Legends population due to the fact that this game isn't free to play and supports a Pay-2-Win model 13) This game suffers from a lack of updates, it seems to be just a cash cow for Valve 14) Matchmaking takes ridiculously long, it's actually suprising that the #1 game on Steam suffers from match-making this awful. Really shows how rarely this game is updated 15) Players can draw on the map disrupting each others experience and mic usage is also allowed which always brings griefers who like to spam the mic and ruin the game for everyone 16) You can teamkill your own creeps in this game ruining the game for your team and your enemy 17) There is no META anyone does anything, this causes a very chaotic enviorment which is very daunting a new player just trying to learn the ropes 18) This game is not free to play 19) This game uses a Pay-2-Win system with gimmicks involved like Keys trying to get you to spend money 20) The community is actually terrible with plenty of hackers and griefers ruining the game for everyone involved. PLAY THIS GAME AT YOUR OWN RISK
game-hours: 1104.1
review: this game is so cooooooooool
game-hours: 409.9
review: hi
game-hours: 524.2
review: It's like Skyrim with Guns 10/10 its ok would buy again
game-hours: 154.8
review: This game is like the easier version of LoL. It also doesn't do sexy art for the females and has no lolis.
game-hours: 3640.5
review: I've only played this game a little, but so far it's pretty cool.
game-hours: 511.6
review: Game 2 Hard 5 Me
game-hours: 2319.3
review: I sometimes think back to better times when I played games that weren't DOTA2. When I knew no words of Russian or infact held a hatred of people who didn't speak my language. I quickly repress those thoughts by diving back into EUW and being greeted by "" every time. Home is where the hate is.
game-hours: 656.7
review: DOTA 2 is DOTA on a new engine. If I was to compare it only to its predecessor it is the whole package. You get the game that you loved with the beauty of the Source engine. If you come from playing other newer MOBA style games this is the granddaddy of those games reborn. And hey, free to check out if it is for you or not. So there is that too.
game-hours: 471.3
review: This game is amazing to any kind of person. coming from someone who has spent 6+ years of fps this game is a real refresher, get the pun.... no.
game-hours: 53.9
review: NO ONE HAS EVER DONE THAT IN THE HISTORY OF DOTA
game-hours: 1571.2
review: good
game-hours: 2209.5
review: Anyone who plays this game for more then 10 minutes a idiot.
game-hours: 2295.6
review: i think it's good game and you can fun with you friend and his mother
game-hours: 1090.0
review: Lovely game :D
game-hours: 661.7
review: it"s the best game ever.
game-hours: 1462.9
review: Best.. :D
game-hours: 1407.9
review: nice game ever
game-hours: 1448.8
review: Dota 2 have been developed for the past 2 years since its closed beta on 2011 where invites are poured out to players on steam. I may not be of those lucky few that have gotten the invite but nevertheless, after i experienced in from a friend's account i must say Valve has successfully elevated the progenitor of the MOBA genre to the next level with improvements that can only be possible with more advanced game engines. I myself has been a DotA player in the past and seeing the sequel made but still having its core game play maintained brings a warm joy to my heart since the core mechanics of DotA like denying, creep stacking, or even juking has been successfully brought back to this game. Dota 2 still manages to bring the competitive atmosphere into players both new or veterans alike since the core mechanics are not changed and then i would like to mention the huge improvement the game has bought is the Shop system in game where we can just click on an item if we have the enough amount of money since it's pretty tad confusing if you are new to Dota 2 and you don't know what are the item builds for each particular hero since Dota 2 can be really challenging by mastering different item builds for different situations or the hero mechanics itself, a long and tedious journey awaits you but once you have mastered the mechanics then your satisfaction will be very high. Another major improvement is the tutorial system that Valve has implemented such as introducing Close Combat with Dragon Knight and Long Range Combat with Sniper and also Laning tutorials which can help new players to overcome their fear in laning against enemy heroes. Probably the newest addition is the Last hit training which shows players how to last hit a creep to gain more gold and experience, this is useful for new comers and veterans alike to hone their skills. The steam workshop system also works very well with the game where players can contribute their unique items made for heroes in game.These items can also be implemented in game through the community's help by up voting the particular item which is also a fair way for players to get their favorite cosmetic items from the workshop to be implemented in game. Me myself kept regularly browsing the workshop to see the ideas of the players around the world and it's amazing on how you can see a lot of "fresh" content from players around the world. However the community of Dota 2 maybe very harsh on new players since i have seen players that tends to be harsh to newcomers since they haven't mastered the core mechanics and flame them regularly. But don't take it to heart since there are also some good left in this community, you will come across gamers with patience and are willing to teach you to get better and even enemies that can cheer you up and joke around with you even though they are losing or winning the game. Overall i give the game a 9/10 for its reinvention of the titular DotA title and with new improvements such as customization options while still retaining the core mechanics, makes this game...a worthy sequel.
game-hours: 1674.6
review: this game my life i ply dota in 2003 dota 1
game-hours: 768.4
review: Nice and good game.
game-hours: 1143.8
review: Abusive and i would not wish upon mortal enemies 10/10
game-hours: 4089.1
review: DOTA2 GOOD GAME
game-hours: 6352.7
review: Fun game.
game-hours: 1688.5
review: Nice game
game-hours: 308.2
review: nice
game-hours: 3194.6
review: A great language learning tool. Learn important phrases for any Eastern European, Hispanic or Southeast Asian languages in just a few hours a day.
game-hours: 2558.1
review: rampage2
game-hours: 765.6
review: - pretty much sums up all the europe servers in this game.
game-hours: 613.3
review: owning
game-hours: 1454.6
review: Want to develop a lifelong hate for all Eastern Europeans? Throw away your schooling so you can impress your friends and people you will never meet? Receive high levels of abuse? Learn Russian and Portuguese? Then this is the game for you! Dota 2 provides all of the above in a tight, free to play, package that will end up costing you hundreds as you try to keep up with the large quantities of cosmetics that come out daily.
game-hours: 1761.1
review: i like dota 2
game-hours: 2664.9
review: nice
game-hours: 275.3
review: dgfdgjkgfdljgkdflgjdfklgjdfkg
game-hours: 0.4
review: This game is one of the worst games ever made
game-hours: 378.4
review: Before this game, I really enjoyed English as my first language but      . :/ 10/10 Better Than Rosetta Stone
game-hours: 939.4
review: peru peru peru peru peru "jajajajajajajajaja"
game-hours: 811.5
review: Best game. I like it!
game-hours: 921.1
review: Dota2 unto real good players are haven of opportunity for meeting new friends improve the way you play and makes you a responsible person.
game-hours: 2954.2
review: Bad game would not play
game-hours: 358.7
review: This game is extremely difficult to play. I am terrible at it. I spent more time watching than playing. I amassed a large amount of in game items. I did not know what to do with these items, since they were digital and did not exist in the reality I was born in. Therefore, I decided to sell them all and make a profit off of people weird enough to collect things that do not exist in reality. I made a good amount and bought a few games during a sale. I got free games for being bad at a game!
game-hours: 1521.6
review: fun and entertaining
game-hours: 4212.2
review: are you a ' retard', 'pinoy trash', 'mid feeder', '2k ', 'uninstall game  shit', or a 'get the fk off english server'? if your answer is yes to any of the above, you will love Dota 2, and will find no trouble being immersed in the community
game-hours: 525.7
review: i love it
game-hours: 1531.6
review: Horrible, unbalanced, more annoying than fun sometimes, but, at the end of the day and after so many hours it feels like family when you play with friends so 10/10 would download again.
game-hours: 777.9
review: This game has taken over my life.
game-hours: 0.9
review: Magaria (y)
game-hours: 6874.3
review: Easily the best game in existence, hands down.
game-hours: 433.0
review: gr8 game m8
game-hours: 1881.9
review: If riding around on a big hairy creature, bashing people with a hammer is your thing, Dota 2 has you covered. Sort of. Dota 2 offers a huge array of characters that enable players to take roles that are in their wheelhouse. Whether you like sneaking and ganking, smashing through the frontlines, or sitting back and supporting your team from a distance, there are characters that do all that and more. What immediately strikes me about Dota, to coin a hideously overused clich, is that it's easy to learn, but difficult to master. While the game is generally forgiving, the players are much less so. As with all multiplayer games, the experience of playing with others can be a bit of a mixed bag. The most important thing to remember about Dota 2 is this: it's not about winning, it's about losing stylishly to progressively more back-breaking, marrow-sucking odds.
game-hours: 3673.8
review: !
game-hours: 661.9
review: so pro
game-hours: 1022.2
review: Great game, Pudge is my real father
game-hours: 719.7
review: My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through." I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway.
game-hours: 598.0
review: good game
game-hours: 1646.8
review: Life is too good? Friends are too kind with you? You have lost taste of begin mocked by random people? Install this and play it a week. From the question of gameplay, i can say - THIS IS NOT MOBA, its like tf2+csgo in thirdperson and you use mouse to move around and keyboard to shoot, simple.
game-hours: 1818.4
review: Stress Simulator 2014. Play it, at your own risk.
game-hours: 1413.7
review: its really great game it makes u happy and feel energy in bad times and boring times and there something incredible can do in the game so play it its really fun :)
game-hours: 742.0
review: good game
game-hours: 2015.5
review: Its alright i guess.
game-hours: 1716.1
review: AW
game-hours: 898.1
review: Better than LoL... LoL players can't DENY that.
game-hours: 799.5
review: Will you be erudite, dauntless, or divergent through the multiple combats and battles in this intense strategy-game? The choice is yours.. Fun game, much to learn, much to abide.
game-hours: 270.6
review: it gay doe
game-hours: 546.3
review: Free time!
game-hours: 1195.8
review: Good Game
game-hours: 856.5
review: This is an anth game, really nice graphics. One word for it, "Kapari".
game-hours: 1471.7
review: !!!!!
game-hours: 1395.1
review: Derp...
game-hours: 627.5
review: The game is simply like life: has its ups and downs but overall a great experience.
game-hours: 9.9
review: Too much hero choices , too much items and cosmetics , too much good graphics.. Good Co-op , Medium gameplay Too little item drops ! , hard for beginners ! , hard for non-strategy gamers I recommend the game , come on it's DOTA 2
game-hours: 1924.3
review: after playing 1088 hours of this game, im still: durak. . blyadischa. dolbo yeb. huesos. Thats just the russian i recorded, if you too want to meet russians, play dota in any region because every regions servers are in russia. i rate this game 11/10
game-hours: 600.1
review: test
game-hours: 845.5
review: Because of this game, I now know what  means. Thank you DotA. gr8 b8 m8 would r8 8/8 has many gr8 tr8s
game-hours: 345.1
review: Dota 2 is a moba and is the stand-alone sequel to Defense of the Ancients, mod for Warcraft III. This game is pretty funny to play with friends and it's a F2P, not P2W, which is awesome. The game comes with a really well done competitive system with a nice elo system. The prizes on the tournaments are quite high and since it's a F2P, not P2W, you can improve to the level where you go to tournaments. The community is not the best but it's totally not the worst. Russians, yes Russians, that's a main thing in this game even if you play in the Europe server/American server, apperently, even with their own server, they tend to come to other servers and most of them are kinda as[s]holes. Sometimes it can be a frustating game and a real pain in the as[s]. Rating 7.5/10 TL;DR Version + F2P + Not P2W + Funny to play with your friends + Nice competitive feeling + Good elo system + High prizes in tournaments - Russians everywhere, they tend to be as[s]holes and not speaking in english. - Frustating game when you're in a lose streak - Not that funny to play alone, imo SORRY FOR BAD ENGLANDINO, PLEZ DON'T COPI RAVIOLI PASTARINO
game-hours: 40.0
review: meh , i dont like this kind of games , but its fun :/
game-hours: 1446.8
review: Me like it so much :3
game-hours: 30.8
review: Un juego realmente excelente. No hay muchas palabras para describirlo, salvo que tiene un modo de juego muy bueno, una cantidad de hroes muy grande, un despliege de tems muy extenso y cientos de horas asegurados. Yo, por mi parte, tengo una falta de tiempo increble, la verdad es que si pudiese pasarme el rato pegado a la computadora jugando, lo hara. Las partidas son muy extensas, pueden durar de 30 minutos hasta 2 horas... Todo depende siempre del equipo. Dota 2 tiene la capacidad de que, aunque slo tengas una torre en pie, an puedas dar vuelta al partido y ganar al otro equipo. Repito, todo depende siempre del equipo. Dota 2 es de esos juegos que, aunque no te guste el gnero del todo, te hace amarlo completamente, tiene eso de que aunque se te haga muy complicado, te entren muchas ganas de jugarlo hasta ser un jugador ms o menos 'pro'. Es un juego que realmente, vale la pena descargar y jugar.
game-hours: 1700.9
review: great game :)
game-hours: 1105.8
review: bljat / 10
game-hours: 1082.3
review: I LOVE THIS GAME <333
game-hours: 222.6
review: Real tough learning curve, but awesome once you start getting used to it. I'm addicted to this game. Don't bother unless you have patience and time. The more you play, the better you get, and the more fun it is.
game-hours: 617.8
review: DOTA 2 is a stratigic line-war game that also involves alot of team work, its fun to play with friends and has over 100 characters to choose from. All in all DOTA 2 is a great game and on top of everything its free!
game-hours: 1646.8
review: Life is too good? Friends are too kind with you? You have lost taste of begin mocked by random people? Install this and play it a week. From the question of gameplay, i can say - THIS IS NOT MOBA, its like tf2+csgo in thirdperson and you use mouse to move around and keyboard to shoot, simple.
game-hours: 1818.4
review: Stress Simulator 2014. Play it, at your own risk.
game-hours: 1413.7
review: its really great game it makes u happy and feel energy in bad times and boring times and there something incredible can do in the game so play it its really fun :)
game-hours: 4.6
review: lel
game-hours: 0.4
review: nice gmme
game-hours: 387.7
review: I had 4 other friends who played DotA. They have all killed themselves. I now only play on the 'Russian' servers to avoid playing with Russians. DotA also gave me AIDS, cancer, low self esteem, ended all of my relationships, and killed my brother. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 2474.6
review: Warning: you WILL get addicted to it
game-hours: 590.7
review: Awesome game, but still needs some adjustments. +
game-hours: 294.0
review: good game lots of fun if u play with friends
game-hours: 5395.7
review: I WANT MY LIFE BACK!
game-hours: 739.8
review: If you are ever trying to learn russian or spanish feel free to play this game, after around 200 matches you will know how to insult people in various languages and you will acutally hate these people for reasons you dont even remember , after spending over 670 hours in this game i can say its actually great you will have fun , you will be angry sometimes , you will tryhard in some games , but youll realise theres no reason to flame others , you can just mute them and put music in the background , ofcourse after you report them for feeding and another things. Apart from that, at one point youll notice youve spent more time and money in a free to play game than in COD or another 60 dollars game , but youll say to yourself "Its fine , it was worth , now i have the best set ever" just to realise that there will be a better one coming up in 2 months. What can i say dota 2 is a great game , the community is sometimes horrible but youll learn to love it 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 3654.1
review: super recommend :)
game-hours: 1336.2
review: this game is bootylicious!!!!!
game-hours: 3195.6
review: When I played Dota Wc3 Mod for the first time I died as WindRUNNER and moved on to Hero Line Wars. Now that value has made Dota 2 I tried it again. The F2P model is very fair, almost too fair which lets in undesirables. The graphics are clean and crisp. The gameplay is what you expect from an RTS, lots of clicking and moving your unit around or, for you plebs out there, lack there of. There is a rating system that and that really is the worst. I have close to dial up internet and lag all game. My rating sucks because of this and the reason I am writing this is because I am waiting for a 100MB download aka 2 hours. All that said Icefairy has made heroine in video game form and its free /dance....zzzz doesnt work
game-hours: 2063.0
review: terrible game
game-hours: 1768.9
review: DOTA 2 is the best free-to-play game I've tried this year. Even with its significant learning curve, this game had me completely addicted within the first three matches. Plan to dedicate hours to practicing against bots before approaching online matches or you will be seriously owned. It will hurt, you will feed, and everyone will yell at you, yet somehow you will still enjoy it. Just play this game! You will not regret it!
game-hours: 263.7
review: + very balanced gameplay - first time I discovered the new generation likes to flame/curse a lot in chat/voice. gamers used to be happy to even meet other gamers :) +- pay / slow but doable xp to get items.
game-hours: 2291.8
review: The people I meet in this game I would kill in real life.
game-hours: 963.7
review: A combination of great game mechanics and compelling hero backstories make Dota 2 a cut above other Multiplayer Online Battle Arenas (MOBAs) such as League of Legend and Dota 1. Of particular interest to new and old players alike is the hero Mirana and her trademark w-button ability, sacred arrow, which when successfully deployed is often considered one of the most fatal not-ulti moves in the game. When not utilising this 360-damage 5-second stun, players may take solace in Mirana's other special abilities such as leap, a devastatingly evasive jump, starstorm, a powerful aoe magical damage dealer, and her notorious ultimate moonlight shadow which will render all heroes on Mirana's team invisible at the click of a button. Whilst Dota 2 does not necessarily revolve around the ever-popular hero Mirana at this time, many hope to one day see her in an online action/adventure of her very own.
game-hours: 194.3
review: Just play,teamwork,destroy tower,and you will be a winner!
game-hours: 1919.5
review: good game
game-hours: 665.9
review: w
game-hours: 2448.0
review: :D nice game
game-hours: 996.8
review: u are great
game-hours: 4265.4
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 2240.7
review: Dota 2 is best game i see ever play so you can easy mange your hero and skills to kill your enemy . if you have profeshinal team you will win the game easy .
game-hours: 2077.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 331.1
review: Prety good game despite of that I used to yell to my friend until my vocal chords got complety wrekt and crushed my pc. 1337/420
game-hours: 1650.2
review: Game becomes playable once you reach 4k mmr
game-hours: 5204.9
review: good game
game-hours: 72.6
review: Connection Problems, Life Consumer, Bad Team mates, Makes You Russian.... HOWEVER, When you DO get in a game, and you DO get good team mates - Great Slaughterfest 8/10 would turn russian again
game-hours: 18.1
review: Good game, i like it very much :D
game-hours: 405.4
review: Nice Games Try To Playing this game
game-hours: 1374.2
review: 's good
game-hours: 1256.8
review: 0/10 Can't even jump
game-hours: 661.9
review: so pro
game-hours: 1022.2
review: Great game, Pudge is my real father
game-hours: 719.7
review: My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through." I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway.
game-hours: 598.0
review: good game
game-hours: 2021.3
review: best online game
game-hours: 1235.4
review: >Take League of Legends >Make it a good game >Voila, DOTA 2
game-hours: 1706.0
review: Best game in the world
game-hours: 873.7
review: I Love Dota Because my friends play this game. :P
game-hours: 1043.8
review: Awesome game , 10/10
game-hours: 426.6
review: It's an amazing game - technically outstanding, showing all of Valve's usual polish and attention to detail, especially in the all-important multiplayer aspects. The continual balance tweaks and new heroes combined with the vast amount of content in the game offer countless hours of enjoyment. It's hard to master but good wins with your teammates are incredibly satisfying. It took me a long time to warm up to, but I'm helplessly addicted and every day look forward to getting home to fire this up with my friends. If you can spare the time - play it.
game-hours: 2315.2
review: i love dota 2!
game-hours: 1328.5
review: wew
game-hours: 1325.7
review: this game is not pay 2 win, so we can all have fun and add more friends .. well, i hope so :)
game-hours: 1487.9
review: in' Satan's .
game-hours: 2021.3
review: best online game
game-hours: 1235.4
review: >Take League of Legends >Make it a good game >Voila, DOTA 2
game-hours: 1077.7
review: This game is so awesome.
game-hours: 57.3
review: sadfsdf
game-hours: 2268.3
review: <3
game-hours: 470.5
review: Amazing Game MOBA
game-hours: 1972.6
review: i like dota 2, its my everyday habit 8 hours a day
game-hours: 958.7
review: May cause low self-esteem and suicidal tendencies. 10/10 recommend
game-hours: 2022.7
review: SO GOOD
game-hours: 983.5
review: This game is very awesome. I really like playing it. although in the beginning I was bored because don't quite understand. but in the end I was HOOKED \ :v /
game-hours: 2475.8
review: The Developers are really updating this game allot, and the recent changed they made show that they actually listen to the people playing this game. Because of the constant updating and tweaks in heroes you can get suprised in every game with a reaction like: does that hero do new  now!? Anyway the game is really fun to play especially with friends. The game has a good Tactical Depth to it and people finding new good combo's everyday! If you like Moba's this is the way to go.
game-hours: 1542.4
review: Has a steep learning curve (the road is rough) but if you commit effort, it can be a lot of fun - especially when you are playing with friends.
game-hours: 899.0
review: Dota 2 had been brought up many times in the past 1 and a half years it was only til mid 2014 i decided to give it ago. First time meh boring second time not worth my time third time oh my god this is actually quite good, words can not explain how dota 2 is fun you will just have to see for your self.
game-hours: 689.5
review: This game sucks you can't even jump 4/20
game-hours: 2544.2
review: dota 2 amazing game and good game
game-hours: 0.4
review: nice gmme
game-hours: 1814.6
review: Doto is hard
game-hours: 512.5
review: amazing game ever!
game-hours: 597.2
review: Gets reported for being better than some one, 10/10 best game ever by this scrub:
game-hours: 1069.0
review: nice :D
game-hours: 2117.5
review: /
game-hours: 688.2
review: Awesome
game-hours: 1972.6
review: i like dota 2, its my everyday habit 8 hours a day
game-hours: 958.7
review: May cause low self-esteem and suicidal tendencies. 10/10 recommend
game-hours: 2022.7
review: SO GOOD
game-hours: 983.5
review: This game is very awesome. I really like playing it. although in the beginning I was bored because don't quite understand. but in the end I was HOOKED \ :v /
game-hours: 2271.5
review: FREAKIN' RUSSIANS!
game-hours: 761.0
review: Goodies -> noobs in groups of enemy Cons -> noobs in your group
game-hours: 412.8
review: Taught me more Russian in ten matches than I learned in 3 years of high school
game-hours: 845.5
review: Too many russians.
game-hours: 884.9
review: dont do it do not download this game
game-hours: 742.5
review: uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu  this  game
game-hours: 1676.7
review: This game, is quite the read. I kid you not
game-hours: 303.9
review: Good game however there are still alot that can be developed. 1. in Solo matches it should only be solo not even a tag duo should be allowed. 2. Country Preference should be made so that there would be no complaints with Filipino players and other players that are noob alike. 3.Balance in the game should be random and should not be determined by your winnings which in some cases you will be paired with newbies that join MMR matches and looks for someone who can carry them. Win rate to win rate, and lose rate to lose rate. Good game enjoy the action.
game-hours: 2.7
review: Blew up enemy tower by self, Killed by creeps 10/10
game-hours: 1392.7
review: Bloodseeker good hero.
game-hours: 1106.3
review: this game make me a dying
game-hours: 1884.5
review: The best game i've ever played before :)
game-hours: 52.1
review: RAPORT FEGIT
game-hours: 948.4
review: ez game, ez life
game-hours: 1430.5
review: Amazing game !!!
game-hours: 1082.0
review: Yes
game-hours: 832.1
review: Just play dota 2, And don't ing waste your name for such a  thing.
game-hours: 587.2
review: Love The Game Teamwork , Help Each Other when in trouble And Never Give Up ! one of which is in this game Believe That !
game-hours: 2397.7
review: blyat davai idi nahui ebany riporti
game-hours: 3051.0
review: this is a good game if you are hoping to learn spanish and purtoguese at the same time. much cheaper than rosetta stone dvds
game-hours: 3729.6
review: 10/10 would feed again
game-hours: 1697.3
review: Great game...MUST PLAY. Better than league. recommened, and the community is not flashy.
game-hours: 1011.6
review: i like this game.. i never played much on dota 1.. but when dota2 comes out.. haha.. i can't stop playing .. more power Dota2 and thanks to Valve..
game-hours: 347.2
review: very nice game for me
game-hours: 348.3
review: Amazing game, So much better that League of Legends. 10/10 Would recommend to anyone.
game-hours: 654.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 969.3
review: sadasdasfasdf
game-hours: 4186.3
review: Best Game Ever.... You dont know where time flows...!!!
game-hours: 1511.1
review: 10/10 recommended, it's a game where you meet infamous thai girl(?) Noozkii, a female womanizer, and a male catfisher with names like Miyako. Oh, you will also encounter people who sound like a great leader and stream their game in twitch. Lastly, what you will always see in this game is Harvest Moon legend, who farms potatoes for the entire game.
game-hours: 2244.6
review: 10/10 peruvians pro
game-hours: 698.7
review: pretty decent game with new heroes added in as well as some cool effects but nothing beats the original DotA
game-hours: 2321.7
review: A wonderful romp through intraspection; every game offers new insights into one's sexuality and right to life.
game-hours: 149.3
review: This game is awesome ! fun to play with some friends , epic gameplay , and the best game out there (?)
game-hours: 1219.6
review: 5 11/10
game-hours: 1418.1
review: Better than Rosetta Stone if you want to learn Russian fast.
game-hours: 2372.9
review: found so many friends without leaving my room 10/10
game-hours: 1425.9
review: Best game I've ever played
game-hours: 5100.7
review: Be careful with hues, cykas and jajajas.
game-hours: 88.7
review: Paper beats rock Scissor beats paper Dota beats LoL
game-hours: 640.2
review: yeah
game-hours: 1219.6
review: 5 11/10
game-hours: 1418.1
review: Better than Rosetta Stone if you want to learn Russian fast.
game-hours: 2372.9
review: found so many friends without leaving my room 10/10
game-hours: 1425.9
review: Best game I've ever played
game-hours: 5100.7
review: Be careful with hues, cykas and jajajas.
game-hours: 88.7
review: Paper beats rock Scissor beats paper Dota beats LoL
game-hours: 640.2
review: yeah
game-hours: 2905.0
review: you wont have much left, but youll have dota :)
game-hours: 2320.7
review: Addictive, time wasting, teach u to rage and be racist. Very recommended.
game-hours: 1203.7
review: - Finding match - Found match - 9/10 - Finding match - Found match - Waiting for loaders - Failed - Found match - In-match,everyone connected - First words in chat :  blyat mid or feed - No support,5 carries,4 russians,enemy team full of counters - Mad russian went mid and fed 0-5 - He abandons - I get mad and insult all russians - Got reported - Muted 24 hours + 4 low priority 10/10 would  with russians again.
game-hours: 2475.8
review: The Developers are really updating this game allot, and the recent changed they made show that they actually listen to the people playing this game. Because of the constant updating and tweaks in heroes you can get suprised in every game with a reaction like: does that hero do new  now!? Anyway the game is really fun to play especially with friends. The game has a good Tactical Depth to it and people finding new good combo's everyday! If you like Moba's this is the way to go.
game-hours: 1542.4
review: Has a steep learning curve (the road is rough) but if you commit effort, it can be a lot of fun - especially when you are playing with friends.
game-hours: 899.0
review: Dota 2 had been brought up many times in the past 1 and a half years it was only til mid 2014 i decided to give it ago. First time meh boring second time not worth my time third time oh my god this is actually quite good, words can not explain how dota 2 is fun you will just have to see for your self.
game-hours: 689.5
review: This game sucks you can't even jump 4/20
game-hours: 2544.2
review: dota 2 amazing game and good game
game-hours: 380.1
review: This is a Great game and I love it! Plus its free
game-hours: 1919.5
review: good game
game-hours: 665.9
review: w
game-hours: 2448.0
review: :D nice game
game-hours: 996.8
review: u are great
game-hours: 4265.4
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 2241.2
review: Dota 2 is best game i see ever play so you can easy mange your hero and skills to kill your enemy . if you have profeshinal team you will win the game easy .
game-hours: 2077.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 331.1
review: Prety good game despite of that I used to yell to my friend until my vocal chords got complety wrekt and crushed my pc. 1337/420
game-hours: 633.7
review: god game
game-hours: 1888.6
review: yes
game-hours: 2353.3
review: awesome
game-hours: 17.4
review: dis gaem iz piss
game-hours: 62.6
review: Get yelled at by people in languages you can't understand. Get yelled at for dying. Get blamed for teammates dying. But the yelling doesn't matter because for all you know, they could be complimenting you. But it is a free language learing software which you can't really find anywhere else. 10/10 learned russian.
game-hours: 1656.9
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 798.5
review: On a good day,like normal person open comp ,playing dota 2. Find match. After choose hero,realise thats 3 crazy kid from filipino, 1 rage adult from russia at my team,Spam mic against each other ,RIP my ears. 10/10 would try agn.
game-hours: 313.5
review: ggwp
game-hours: 3274.6
review: Do you wanna become a xenofobic racist man with a heart full of hate against mankind? Play this game. Totally recommend. 10/10
game-hours: 1106.3
review: this game make me a dying
game-hours: 1884.5
review: The best game i've ever played before :)
game-hours: 52.1
review: RAPORT FEGIT
game-hours: 948.4
review: ez game, ez life
game-hours: 1430.5
review: Amazing game !!!
game-hours: 1082.0
review: Yes
game-hours: 832.1
review: Just play dota 2, And don't ing waste your name for such a  thing.
game-hours: 587.2
review: Love The Game Teamwork , Help Each Other when in trouble And Never Give Up ! one of which is in this game Believe That !
game-hours: 2397.7
review: blyat davai idi nahui ebany riporti
game-hours: 3051.0
review: this is a good game if you are hoping to learn spanish and purtoguese at the same time. much cheaper than rosetta stone dvds
game-hours: 1374.2
review: 's good
game-hours: 1256.8
review: 0/10 Can't even jump
game-hours: 3817.7
review: If 1,500 doesn't say good. I don't know what does. Now with 2,500 hours! Now with 3,000 hours!
game-hours: 305.2
review: this game has taught me how to hate a race 11/10 will play again though dota >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> LoL
game-hours: 36.3
review: Things I gave to Dota: 1. Money 2. Love 3. Effort Things Dota gave me: 1. Arthritis 2. Carpal tunnel syndrome 3. Broken mouse 4. 9/10 ready 5. Server crashes 11/10 would play again
game-hours: 3320.6
review: lets all play dota together
game-hours: 528.7
review: Buy wards Gives ward to mid Mid put wards at wrong place Being call a noob after giving wards 10/10 would love to buy wards
game-hours: 5923.7
review: awesome game! definitely would recommend
game-hours: 4433.3
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 376.9
review: Really Love to play Dota2... Best Game ever
game-hours: 116.2
review: Best MOBA (Y)
game-hours: 163.5
review: Dota 2 is the best ever game not only uses skills but also mind, always ready and alert every time, its challenge me so much to play more..
game-hours: 2127.3
review: dont play it,it will take your life. 10/10 recommended
game-hours: 310.8
review: Great game! you wouldnt expect for Valve to have been the creators of Dota 2 and Team Fortress 2, The games are vastly different.
game-hours: 394.1
review: plss give me!
game-hours: 1208.1
review: Dota 2 is fun and addicting action real-time strategy(ARTS) game that you can sink countless hours into. However, this isn't the case from the beginning. The tutorial teaches players basic mechanics of the game, but it will not teach you how to survive in a real match. If you jump right in to a game with other players lacking personal experience, you will die constantly and likely find yourself demoralized. It's not fun. While this is true, if you really take your time with the game, slowly learning about heroes, items, and strategies, the game begins to open up. It becomes the addicting game I first mentioned, and you will love it; there are countless possibilities, and every match is different and interesting in its own way. You need to sink some time into it to get to this point, but luckily Valve helps ease you in with the aforementioned tutorial, as well as bot games and the ability to play against bots with other humans. As of the time of this writing, there are 110 playable heroes in Dota 2. Although the map is always the same, you will encounter different characters, combinations, and tactics every time you play. This is what I mean by "countless possibilities." There are characters for all kinds of playstyles; supports, carries(the powerful ones dealing out the damage), teamfighters, and more. It truly never gets old. Give Dota 2 a try and some of your time, and I assure you that you will not be dissapointed.
game-hours: 913.9
review: Only the best game ever. If you want to play an aggravating game, with a ridiculously steep learning curve, that will probably ruin your life, and a community that speaks through cussing, this is for you. Other than that, its a great game. Newbies should always play Meepo their first game.
game-hours: 1487.9
review: in' Satan's .
game-hours: 914.8
review: A must have if you always wanted to learn russian, have a reason to hate peruvians and don't have an outside life.
game-hours: 935.9
review: Dota 2 is amazing
game-hours: 3198.6
review: The best of the best
game-hours: 2745.8
review: Good play
game-hours: 1061.5
review: This is the worst game I've ever played. Please send help.
game-hours: 669.7
review: ,
game-hours: 102.4
review: The best game ever.
game-hours: 943.4
review: Do you like MOBAs? Enjoy League of Legends or SMITE? Well this game is, of coruse, another MOBA. However it is also the ORIGINAL MOBA. One of the things you may love or hate about Dota is that there isnt really any sort on unfairness to new players beyond skill. If a person with 10,000 hours faces a player who has only 12 they have no different items, no different heroes, no different abilities. The veteran may have new aesthetic things but the only thing seperating them will be skill. If you're new to MOBAs I encourage you to try this one, they are very fun and are fortunately not pay to win.
game-hours: 21.6
review: Awesome MOBA.
game-hours: 1666.5
review: this game is very good. no need pay to win. but just pay for good looking :))
game-hours: 2827.8
review: Great game
game-hours: 1866.5
review: At the beginning a little complicated. But if u know the basics it is an awesome game!
game-hours: 319.8
review: GG
game-hours: 0.7
review: This is a trash game: missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle, missing middle,.
game-hours: 689.5
review: yeah
game-hours: 320.2
review: You just have the best in wanks after playing this game and blow your load good as
game-hours: 1459.0
review: Its my favorite game . its immposible to get bored when playing it
game-hours: 854.1
review: Good Game
game-hours: 2798.9
review: most fair game in the world (y)
game-hours: 47.2
review: i like
game-hours: 568.2
review: :D its good playing DOTA 2!
game-hours: 996.6
review: One of the best steam games available for free :D
game-hours: 2244.4
review: zbs
game-hours: 913.0
review: Awesome..
game-hours: 6.7
review: ABSOLUTE DOWN SYNDROME
game-hours: 676.4
review: This game gave me cancer 10/10 would get cancer again
game-hours: 1766.9
review: It's a must for every hardcore gamer
game-hours: 1983.9
review: Got rekt by an invisible unit, flying green dragon, fat rotten guy with a hook as his hand, old midget with a rifle and a demonic species named lion. 10/10 will play again.
game-hours: 1606.5
review: Great MOBA! There are a few learning curves to Dota 2. Make sure to practice with Bots and watch tutorials and the differnt playable characters Also, ITS FREE!
game-hours: 1557.6
review: Dota 2 in a very strategic challenging game. I know a lot of people start playing Dota and get discouraged because of how brutal it is when you get started. Don't give up! Don't be afraid to ask players for help and watch videos, watch TONS of videos. Read guides and builds, and experiment with every hero in bot matches. Go to the Library in-game and read up on every hero and item. Don't skip the tutorials! They may seem boring or dry at first but they really, really useful. This game can be extremely fun, and so fulfilling when you play it. There will be games that your team gets stomped with a 74-16 game....don't worry about it. There will be other games where the entire game is tied and both team have the same amount of towers down and neither team can get ahead, and it reaches over an hour. When it does finally end, whether you won or lost, it won't matter because both teams realize it could have went either way and that is was a truly amazing game. It is moments like that when you are congratulating the other team on a good game, not just because it is expected of you, but because it really was a great game. This is why you need to stick it out in the beginning and keep on trying. More than likely you will start out with a 2-17-4 score, but that's ok! Because in no time you will have that game, the game where your team worked together amazing and your hero was a perfect counter to their entire team and you'll get that 44-6-12 game. As far as the gameplay is, Valve is very good about fixing the bugs. Most bugs are only on for a few days before a fix has come out. The game is very stable. The only problems I could have with Dota 2 are with the servers. There have been server issues and sometimes it causes you to have an abandon which wasn't fair, but non reversible. Also, there are issues if setting your language preference to English and you get paired with players who don't know any English, this can get frustrating. All in all, Dota 2 is well worth the hours put into it and the best part is it is completely free to play. You don't have to pay a dime for any content whatsoever. The only thing that costs money is to customize your experience while playing, including Cosmetics, HUDs, Loading Screens, etc.
game-hours: 1987.8
review: Some of my friends come up to me and say "WHATS DOTA?" sarcastically , I respond with what dota is to me , "dota is the gameof my life." It helps me get through the struggles of the real world Lately my uncle passed awayand therewas a bigger holein my life but this wunderfull game brought me back up i just whant tosay to the makers "Thank You" So much for bringing this game into the steam world and letting it bring me up in the real one.
game-hours: 484.2
review: Love this game!
game-hours: 2817.5
review: thx
game-hours: 1205.7
review: THE BEST GAME EVER SINCE I WAS CHILD
game-hours: 146.0
review: Difficult to get into, but with a little bit of practice with bots, becomes enjoyable
game-hours: 4915.5
review: Fun game!
game-hours: 2432.2
review: thums up
game-hours: 2.8
review: Not a bad game at all, although you have to learn alot, its still fun to play
game-hours: 413.0
review: Daming peenoise
game-hours: 0.5
review: I'll just say no for now. Not too many good first impressions. I'll give it a chance later.
game-hours: 978.8
review: Go DOTA,ya sozdal!
game-hours: 1066.1
review: You can find your love here. Covering your soulmate inside the war :D LoveDota<3
game-hours: 1041.7
review: goood !!
game-hours: 1611.3
review: very good game and nice
game-hours: 1650.2
review: Game becomes playable once you reach 4k mmr
game-hours: 5204.9
review: good game
game-hours: 72.6
review: Connection Problems, Life Consumer, Bad Team mates, Makes You Russian.... HOWEVER, When you DO get in a game, and you DO get good team mates - Great Slaughterfest 8/10 would turn russian again
game-hours: 18.1
review: Good game, i like it very much :D
game-hours: 405.4
review: Nice Games Try To Playing this game
game-hours: 1213.0
review: ill recommend this game to those gamers who want to try some bloody team fights, and epic graphics, intense game such as dota 2,, the biggest and most popular online, lan strategy game of all time..
game-hours: 3970.8
review: abode cancers
game-hours: 161.7
review: It's a very nice and good game :D
game-hours: 29.1
review: russian hate simulater
game-hours: 477.6
review: This game is fun in many ways if you like mobas. There are over a 100 of heros that can fit your game style. There are also many items that you can use and strategize with. In the begining, it might be challenging, but you can overcome that by playing the training that Dota 2 has given you. Play a few games and you'll get a handle of things. Dota 2 is (in my opinion) the best moba game out there (now all the lol players are gonna yell at me). Lastly, the game has a very kind community (besides that one guy that you might play with every 20-50ish games). All in all, Dota 2 is a great game and should be played by all gamers who love mobas
game-hours: 772.4
review: Fun game, never got boring! DoTa is illumanti confirmed.
game-hours: 1798.0
review: This game is the best .Man its wicked <3 i have only spend hrs on this game :)
game-hours: 1456.6
review: -Installed the game -Accepted a match -Played mid -Was told to uninstall -Uninstalled it -Repeated the same process untill they told me i did good 10/10 would repeat again
game-hours: 1788.9
review: Select region: Russia, Russia, Russia or Russia.
game-hours: 106.4
review: Actually F2P no bull crap that tries to make you pay for anything that makes you better in the game. The stuff that is paid for is all visual and really stunning. They even have some community made art that makes it to in game. This game is intensely competetive and is really well done.
game-hours: 1125.3
review: Kogda igral voobshe ock vipal iz shtanin? - Neznayu. Manya pol suk )))
game-hours: 183.5
review: Party party party everybody party pick me monkey and go get a party started party if you wanna party get your girl and get her to get her girls and they get their girls then we gonna party if you wanna leave the party then we going to my party after that party we go to your party dr pepper party mix it with bud light and we gonna party. ~ Pit Bull on DOTA 2
game-hours: 840.3
review: pick hero, feed, make your team angry and repeat. i like it 10/10
game-hours: 894.9
review: wew
game-hours: 1560.4
review: egrlhmflhmh,f,v
game-hours: 2073.0
review: Good game. Make me spent half of my life hahaha
game-hours: 1482.8
review: Play with people from all over the world, whether you want to or not.  Get cool items so you can be spammed friend requests from scammers in 3rd world countries.  Be reminded of how much you hate humanity in general with the constant aneurisms caused by their gameplay decisions.  This game has it all.
game-hours: 2.8
review: ,  :)
game-hours: 343.6
review: waw
game-hours: 1648.2
review: Do you like brutally killing random dudes on the internet? Do you like ruining your friendships? Then DOTA 2 is the game for YOU ! This is one of those games at whitch you have to be good in order to enjoy. I can't exactly say it's fun even when you ARE good at it. But it is very satisfying nonetheless. It's very competitve, as it is expected from a MOBA. The only turn off that is clearly noticeable is the steep learning curve. During the first 100 or so hours you'll constatly get yelled at for being bad at the game. After the forst 100 hours, you'll feel right at home while playing dota with your friends. Oh yeah, one last thing, when you plan on starting your DOTA 2 journey, invite some of your firends to start along side you. Because I had a problematic situation when a friend of mine wanted to start playing DOTA 2. The only problem was every time I wanted to play with him, he would be forced to play against players of a much higher tier than him. Of course, this can be solved with smurf accounts (fake-ish low level accounts), but that basically means you will be switching between accounts every time some low level friend of yours wanted to play. So either start all over again, or wait for your friends until they get good enough to play along side you. Have fun !
game-hours: 776.4
review: One of the best games ive ever palyed 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 26.1
review: this game is for f a g g o t s
game-hours: 927.5
review: Free lessons of Russian!!! I CAN SPEAK WITH RUSSIANS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LEARN RUSSIAN NOT ENGLISH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PUTIN AND VODKA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1470.5
review: Very good game so fun and addicted
game-hours: 1080.2
review: Delete it
game-hours: 1744.9
review: Russian simulator 2014 5 star
game-hours: 1644.1
review: Can be brutal for new people to MOBA's (this was my first MOBA), the game has a steep learning curve. I'd recommend actually watching some video's of gameplay first so you have a basic understanding of the game. If you can get through your first 20 - 30 games without smashing your PC than you'll probably be addicted, but that's a bit IF. I'd personally recommend that everyone try the game but can safely say that not everyone will like it.
game-hours: 1554.1
review: Learned how to speak Russian. 10/10 Still would bang
game-hours: 32.2
review: Unless you can play this game or have the history of playing this kind of game, like for example dota 1 on warcraft, or if you have any friend to help you master this game, and have the intention to master this game, and prepared to get bullied, it is better for you to stay away from this game. For the people who just want to have some fun after busy days and play this game, but don't know or have less information about how to play this game, and the ethics on playing this game, they better avoid this game. A lot of people ruin other players time without the feeling of having fun, because of some reasons: 1. Teammates that can't play and make the team lose and 2. The people who likes to blame others and think they are the best.
game-hours: 2443.4
review: Best Strategic Game Ever X:X:X:
game-hours: 1161.4
review: At the begining you will be the worst person in the world and you'll have to spend some time getting better but this game is so fantastic, it's worth it. I'm also willing to train you. Get this game, it's freeeeeeee ;) x 10/10
game-hours: 991.4
review: this game eat my life .. valve he create the mostly played games ever ... GJ VALVE
game-hours: 967.1
review: dota 2 is one of the best mmo i've played (actually i played only one mmo which is this one, but) i like it too much because of it's always demanding awareness about the situation the playeris in... and it's free tooo and not so hardware intensive ...which adds it to my favourite list ...
game-hours: 32.7
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 1908.2
review: good game and nice game
game-hours: 2244.3
review: Excelent
game-hours: 491.6
review: :)
game-hours: 980.2
review: gives anxiety attacks daily. would reccomend 10/10
game-hours: 2787.5
review: cant stop playing dis game
game-hours: 699.2
review: Its very simple this is the best moba ever created if youre lookng for a game you want tojust sit back and enjoy pick up this game its very interesting and you learn about stuff throughout play i hve over 600 hours on this game and can tell you its been a nice journey for me . Dont get me wrong it can be a little tough at start if youre totally new to mobas but after playing for a while u will pick up the basic mechanics in the game ive met alot of cool people on my journey of play and dont regret the wonderful time i am having playing this game
game-hours: 1658.3
review: good game & have fun
game-hours: 366.0
review: cool game!
game-hours: 586.4
review: good game
game-hours: 1484.0
review: ID buyer everywhere, SEA dota no hope, too obsessed with the mmr number. use 350 usd to buy 6k and drop until 3k play like 1 mmr those guy are proud and rich. 350 usd to buy a number why don't just give me the money to buy food.
game-hours: 4128.8
review: THIS IS THE MOST EASY GAME EVER, LIKE PLAY 3 GAMES AND YOU ARE ALREADY BEST DOTA 2 PLAYER. AND BE TAKEN TO TI4. ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS TO KILL 1 STUPID ANCIENT. SO EASY LIKE WOW. IF YOU WANT A CHALLENGE PLAY LEAGE OF LESBIANS. NOW THATS A HARD GAME MAN.
game-hours: 190.0
review: Do you know the song "Love Story" by Taylor swift? If you do, I would sing that song to Dota everyday if it's a real girl, We were both young when I first played you, I close my eyes and the match starts I'm standing there, On the base on Dire's lane, See the creeps, see the team clash, arcanas, See you make your way through the towers and say "Silence!", Little did I know, That you picked Drow you were shooting arrows, And my captain said, "you play Invoker", And I was crying that I feed, begging you "Please don't report me", And I said "Roshan is dead, go get his aegis" I'll be farming, All there's left to do is run, You'll be the Carry and I'll be the support, Its a love story, baby just say yes~!
game-hours: 656.8
review: , c!
game-hours: 560.1
review: good
game-hours: 501.4
review: This game will ruin you. It will ruin your friendships. It will ruin your life. You will develope severe racism previously unknown. Anyone who doesn't speak English will ultimatelty be inferior to you. Never play this, as once it grabs you, you never leave. But damn does that new set look good.
game-hours: 2551.0
review: I recommend not to play this if you want a life :c
game-hours: 2698.9
review: Dota 2 is fun, but at times its not! There is alot of South American Dota players who "troll you" (mess around). Also Russians can be a probelm, but you only play with Russians if you get a low priorty penlty
game-hours: 15.9
review: mediocre game, but it gives the kids at the special olympics something to do
game-hours: 115.3
review: This game made me lose my virgin again. 9\10.
game-hours: 819.6
review: I love this game Then I played a ranked game with 2 of the worst dota players I've ever seen who thought everyone else on our team was wrong and they were right and need to type this slowly because my hands are physically shaking from how angry and depressed I am 10/10
game-hours: 1101.1
review: super ber awesome cool swag turbodank turnt snacko approves so much coolness i  meself like a dog on laxatives. 3/10
game-hours: 2260.7
review: good
game-hours: 5.4
review: 10/10 made me want to start a holocaust against russian people. would recommend to everybody.
game-hours: 3885.2
review: Wow once you start playing DOTA you embark on a true challenge!!! this isnt a game its a way of life.... come to Dota if YOU THINK YOU CAN HANDLE IT???
game-hours: 2474.9
review: Its like Farmville, but with weapons and magic. 10/potato would CKYA BLYAT again- IGN
game-hours: 1337.3
review: it's nice game if you know
game-hours: 251.8
review: very good game,,,i love it
game-hours: 32.7
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 1620.3
review: I give this a  out of  madre. Never have i had such a concha ajajajaja kinda katka in my life
game-hours: 398.2
review: Hi . I just want to recommend this game
game-hours: 2055.2
review: dont play this game spend thousands of hours just to find out everyone is a ing
game-hours: 22.7
review: I hope the russians get nuked and never play dota again
game-hours: 967.1
review: dota 2 is one of the best mmo i've played (actually i played only one mmo which is this one, but) i like it too much because of it's always demanding awareness about the situation the playeris in... and it's free tooo and not so hardware intensive ...which adds it to my favourite list ...
game-hours: 2244.3
review: Excelent
game-hours: 1908.2
review: good game and nice game
game-hours: 7.2
review: Run and hide like a : The game.
game-hours: 927.5
review: Free lessons of Russian!!! I CAN SPEAK WITH RUSSIANS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LEARN RUSSIAN NOT ENGLISH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PUTIN AND VODKA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1470.5
review: Very good game so fun and addicted
game-hours: 1682.4
review: guess its good
game-hours: 1759.4
review: Good game in real time in the MOBA genre with RPG elements from the creators of Warcraft III (the developer and publisher of computer games Blizzard Entertainment)
game-hours: 583.7
review: Get Rekt Simulator. U wot m8?
game-hours: 233.3
review: Dota 2 is one of the best MOBA games.
game-hours: 195.6
review: Dota 2 game yang cukup banyak diminati oleh setiap orang di Asia, Eropa, dan di negara-negara lainnya. saya mulai tertarik bermain game ini karena memiliki banyak hero serta dapat mengasah kerja sama, tak tik, dan kelincahan mata dalam memenangkan match nya.
game-hours: 1861.9
review: Since I'm on Australian servers, we don't get much russians. Russian Simulator 2014? pffft more like Pinoy Simulator 2014 I hate this game, but I'd still play it 24/7 19/20
game-hours: 1959.0
review: Welcome to Dota, a game where you will sacrifice everything for your teammates, only be flamed by afk Pudges and never-satisied Medusas until the end of the match. You will hear such insults and remarks as, "no items", "why u buy item instead of wards?", "why aren't you stacking?", "Y U NO HAVE TP INSTEAD OF WARDS/DUST?", "Y U NO DIE WITH ME?!", "u should read ur abilities noob because I get concerned when someone in unranked gameplay doesn't remember exactly how their ult was reworked last month", "omg I've never seen such a bad kda before", "ugh your all horrible just like my teammates the last 5-6 games", "JUST UNINSTALL THAT'S THE ONLY THING THAT'LL MAKE YOU PLAY BETTER". All this while desperately attempting to save your hard carry's life, and die time and time again to the enemies' burst damage. It may be that a friendly soul will attempt to reason with them, but it will be to no avail. To those teammates you were nothing but a verbal punching bag in a long line of verbal punching bags; once they locked on, they became dead-set on flaming you (as mentioned previously) until the Very. End. Of. The. Match. Then as you go to Dotabuff, spirits low, you see the scrubs haven't even registered. And then you will see that Dota 2 has sent you a notification informing you that action has been taken against those flamers, all thanks to your reports. It is then you will realize that once more all is right with the world. 11/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 1058.9
review: ^_^
game-hours: 306.3
review: Like - Helped me recover from post fracture stress !..a good time pass ! Dislike - Full of roadside romeos..
game-hours: 22.4
review: Great game until you get troll team.
game-hours: 1759.4
review: Good game in real time in the MOBA genre with RPG elements from the creators of Warcraft III (the developer and publisher of computer games Blizzard Entertainment)
game-hours: 1862.2
review: Since I'm on Australian servers, we don't get much russians. Russian Simulator 2014? pffft more like Pinoy Simulator 2014 I hate this game, but I'd still play it 24/7 19/20
game-hours: 436.9
review: Do you play LoL? Do you play HoN? Do you play any type of MOBA that is not DoTA 2? How about you grow some nuts and play a real mans game. Stop playing  imitations and play the real deal, seoritas.
game-hours: 4250.4
review: gg
game-hours: 2000.3
review: You wanna know about Dota 2? Okay. If you have a little bit of time to waste, and want to have fun every once in a while, play this game. Eventually it'll build up to a crack addiction, however that's fine.
game-hours: 5.5
review: i'll never escape
game-hours: 1289.4
review: This game for people who loves strategy There are so many strats that can be use for winning game
game-hours: 447.7
review: GGWP
game-hours: 1602.6
review: Awesome free to play games....
game-hours: 233.3
review: Dota 2 is one of the best MOBA games.
game-hours: 1.3
review: I tried to play this, but I couldn't due to how much of an annoyance it was to learn to play. This type of gameplay isn't my style, but I can see others having fun with it! Happy Gaming!
game-hours: 940.4
review: its very good i have not played sooo long only 400 something hours on this but i like it when you start trie sniper and watch purge alot it helps guys overall never played dota 1 but dota 2 is certanly the  TRIE IT OUT your life cannot be more fullfilled
game-hours: 3086.7
review: MELHOR QUE LOL
game-hours: 418.6
review: .  , , ,        ,    .     ,    "".        ,              .      ,           .            .    ,   .     .   ,    !!!
game-hours: 1380.0
review: :D cool.
game-hours: 1231.6
review: This help's me poop
game-hours: 1.1
review: Its a quality game
game-hours: 1123.9
review: gut
game-hours: 774.2
review: nice game :D
game-hours: 160.1
review: "I dont like MOBAs" this was my very first reaction when a buddy of mine was trying to convince me to play Dota2. At that moment I didn't want to but for the sake of friendship, I decided to give it a shot. At first, the game seemed hella confusing. The only thing I liked back then was the Main Menu music and how ironic the menu and heroes looked :P We played it through and through and ultimately there came a time when the confusion came to an end and that's when the addiction started. As of the game, it's a Strategy based MOBA game. Difficult to understand all at once but easy when broken into segments. You have to choose a hero from a pool of 100+ heroes. Each and every Hero is Unique in their own way, having different abilities/powers etc. Your main goal is to destroy the Opposition's Home Base Building "Ancient" in order to secure win. It sounds easy but  always hits the fan xD. You are given a shop, from where you can purchase items to upgrade your hero's abilities and attributes. My experience with this game sucked at the start, but turned opposite as of now. The Competetion is real hard. There's also a Leveling system for the Casual record along with a ranking system for competetive mode(Ranked Match) called "MMR" or Match Making Rating. Just like Counter Strike Global Offensive, there's a match making system, which helps each and every player of similar skillz to compete with each other. So, I'd say to download this game asap because I already regret for not playing it from the start :P Remember, I was one of those who said "Dota sucks" and now it's an integral part of my life. Above all, there's something calm about this game unlike CSGO xD It's always fun to play. Few kids.
game-hours: 2348.9
review: Very Nice game! :D
game-hours: 2959.2
review: addictive addictive diktiv/
game-hours: 771.3
review: good
game-hours: 2155.1
review: Write a review for Dota 2
game-hours: 719.2
review: ayaw mog dula ani!!
game-hours: 1502.7
review: wew
game-hours: 1561.5
review: Epic War and Well Played
game-hours: 4.6
review: I hate this game and my life.
game-hours: 771.3
review: good
game-hours: 2348.9
review: Very Nice game! :D
game-hours: 2959.2
review: addictive addictive diktiv/
game-hours: 1120.9
review: I first played dota and hated it.Later on I began to love it and now I am addicted to it, got goods people and some not so good people but overall made tons of friends and played the game more than over 400+ hours. Definetly a good game and a good time to play while not having nothing else to do.
game-hours: 3115.3
review: good game
game-hours: 389.3
review: See your friends change into giant sprouting anuses.
game-hours: 236.7
review: Absolutely amazing.
game-hours: 230.9
review: The only way to master Pugna, is to go full Pugna Pugna/10 "fouckin luv Pugna m8" - IGN
game-hours: 3298.1
review: dota not moba
game-hours: 571.3
review: A fun, friendly and educational game for the entire family! Learn Russian and Spanish while you're at it and meet dozens of world renowned scientists who claim to be smarter in every single subject you can bring up! Meet the friendliest players who will reply with "" when you say "Good luck, have fun!", meet players who will tell you that the real world is hard and you're not prepared for it, even if you have a wife and children or are a war veteran! Meet players than cite Thesaurus perfectly to crush you in a friendly verbal debate about the very on-topic subjects of the game like Electromagnetics and economics! A fun game for the entire family, try it out now and let it consume your soul! !
game-hours: 1561.5
review: Epic War and Well Played
game-hours: 4.6
review: I hate this game and my life.
game-hours: 195.4
review: (y)
game-hours: 1203.8
review: I like all the new and good features of this game. I hope there are more improvements to this game. I just dislike that when it has new features of the game the size also go up.
game-hours: 0.7
review: Best way to learn russian language
game-hours: 33.9
review: sd
game-hours: 1471.1
review: Rest in Peace Shaan Never forget Pls Come Back
game-hours: 2969.8
review: Very cool game!
game-hours: 517.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 3674.0
review: worst game you will play in ur life 10/10
game-hours: 331.5
review: Two of my friends no longer speak to each other because one of them denied a regen rune. 10/10 best game irl volvo pls nerf geef mana
game-hours: 69.3
review: very nice game :)
game-hours: 2198.0
review: goooooooooooood
game-hours: 228.9
review: Need...sleep.. been 3 days...(@_@)
game-hours: 110.8
review: 100% Lifesteal :/
game-hours: 3674.0
review: worst game you will play in ur life 10/10
game-hours: 517.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 2969.8
review: Very cool game!
game-hours: 492.5
review: this game is so challenging and gives me entertainment! job well done steam!
game-hours: 645.7
review: very good game
game-hours: 1165.0
review: continue playing it..............
game-hours: 1326.6
review: I have almost 100 games and this is only what I'm playing... 10/10
game-hours: 1594.0
review: Awesome Game <3 !
game-hours: 1616.6
review: The best moba-game i have played so far, good graphics, easily understandable HUD and Menu. Easy to be good, hard to master. Great amount of very different and special heroes (of which my favorite is Puck) A very big playerbase with mostly friendly people, tho the language preference shud get a update and only put people in a group who speak the same language, but thats not a major problem.
game-hours: 1032.0
review: k
game-hours: 436.8
review: Fun, can be a little hard to get into at first. PLay a few easy bot matches adn dont be dissuade if people are mean. Most of the community seems to be pretty cool
game-hours: 2361.2
review: Nice game
game-hours: 2.3
review: Do not download this game waste of tme if you ask me. If you are a Magic-Gamer then get it otherwise its a waste of time.
game-hours: 1807.8
review: Dear God. I can't stop thinking about this game. I really like it, and yet the toxic community actually makes me hesitant to play it. It's a miserable existence, let me tell you. It doesn't help that the matchmaking system is completely broken (I know I suck at the game. Why am I not getting matched against other people who suck? Instead I get matched against the same three man trilane three games in a row.) It also doesn't help that the language filter is really more of a suggestion. And yet, when everything is working...When you're playing with friends who all speak the same language and you're matched against a team of equal skill...The game is incredible. Strategies are complex, customization is deep (and cosmetic only,) heroes are varied. The game's true form is one of beauty. Or maybe I just have Stockholm syndrome. Would I recommend? Eeeehhh....The game: Yes. If you can find a way to keep the MM system / language suggestion system from giving you a heart attack and/or stroke, it's a lot of fun. If you can't, you'll die. PLAY IT IF YOU DARE.
game-hours: 1631.0
review: If you ever felt the need to learn the rich vocabulary of the Russian language for free, here's your chance.
game-hours: 1289.3
review: googogogo try this one very good and high resolution game good gamers and attitudes credits to the owner
game-hours: 117.3
review: Like League of Legends, but less simple and nice physics. Pretty deece/10
game-hours: 2527.7
review: I love Dota2
game-hours: 2074.6
review: You want to lose your job,friends, family and get fat? Then this game is perfect for you! 11/10
game-hours: 708.6
review: the best game ever
game-hours: 2209.0
review: dota2
game-hours: 1444.9
review: Surely recommended. This is one hell of a gaming a exp. come play DOTA 2.
game-hours: 1398.4
review: fgyhui
game-hours: 2852.3
review: asdasasd
game-hours: 0.8
review: Awesomenauts rip-off 10000RP/10
game-hours: 1865.2
review: Best Game evar!!!!
game-hours: 3238.2
review: (Y)
game-hours: 1018.1
review: Not pretty old player, but I'm still wondering how sutch a great game is offered for free. and most important that whats sold are items that don't affect the gameplay or offer unfair disadvantage if at all. Overall great great team game.
game-hours: 1538.6
review: This game will teach you about life. It will teach you about the futility of being an individual, unable to cause real change. It will teach you that no matter how hard you try, if the people around you screw up it will fall on you and you will be blamed for it. It will teach you that everyone expects to get the spotlight and leave you in the dark. It will teach you many, many things. It will also make you hate Russians. And... Well, just about anyone who doesn't speak your language. Your life will never be the same. You are not ready. Run while you still can. It's too late for me... 100/10 would play again.
game-hours: 1.5
review: i have no clue what the  im doing lol
game-hours: 3367.0
review: This is Farming Simulator 2013 :]
game-hours: 3441.8
review: My Fav game.
game-hours: 2006.9
review: dota took all my friends and ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 629.6
review: dota 2
game-hours: 742.2
review: This game will make you hate every Russian, Spanish and Portuguese you meet, it also cause paranoia, down syndrome, dysautonomia, yellow-nail syndrome and it  your friendship. Also, you have a hero that gives cookies. Best moba ever, 11/10 would buy, it's gud srsly gg ff
game-hours: 127.6
review: I liked Russians. A lot. I now hate Russians. A lot.
game-hours: 583.7
review: Punya main siukkkkk!!!!!!!!!!main la buduuuuuu!!!!!
game-hours: 807.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1666.9
review: Great game. Has a learning curve, but with time Dota 2 will outshine other similar games. Able to pick all heroes from the start. Pay for cosmetics that don't have any effect on skill/ability.
game-hours: 977.8
review: DotA 2 Never Die.
game-hours: 704.3
review: I play dota since when i was grade 6, I play this game more than 4 years already. I start in dota 1 - dota 2.
game-hours: 1148.3
review: This game ruined my life, and drove my loved ones away. 10/10
game-hours: 747.5
review: im having fun with this game.
game-hours: 827.5
review: Quality software, learned Russian in just weeks 5/5
game-hours: 2542.8
review: wfgqagbvqwBRwbrwnsfnbbSW
game-hours: 2139.8
review: it's a pretty addictive game and it was not juz like that it had ever been mentioned... it was never a game but a war
game-hours: 1630.5
review: awesome
game-hours: 1184.6
review: THE BEST!
game-hours: 975.4
review: must play !
game-hours: 408.1
review: Nice market!
game-hours: 1474.7
review: Yo, dis game is da bomb
game-hours: 581.5
review: All the cool kids are playing it.
game-hours: 1642.1
review: :-/
game-hours: 1776.9
review: This game is excellent for any students looking to brush up on Spanish, Portugese, and Russian obscenities and slang. The best cursing language software on the market. As an educator, I would highly recommend this for anyone looking to start a career as a sailor in a foreign navy. 9/10 Loses one point for inconsistencies in the spelling of certain curse words. Double check all the words online, and you'll be fine. Special Thanks: To the wonderful community of students from South America and Russia looking to teach others how to communicate their animosity in a new language.
game-hours: 53.7
review: 69/420 It's okay
game-hours: 4.6
review: This game is so good, like so gooooood, that i don't play it. Don't buy it. TETRAO
game-hours: 337.9
review: Good
game-hours: 137.9
review: Free russian language learning tool.
game-hours: 1087.8
review: ing amazing game, try it, but, many pinoy there, hate it so much, but, nice game
game-hours: 1922.8
review: :3
game-hours: 1524.8
review: BEST GAME EVER MADE!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1527.6
review: Zbc igra! :D
game-hours: 1865.2
review: Best Game evar!!!!
game-hours: 1539.5
review: ,  .   !!
game-hours: 690.0
review: Best game since dota 1
game-hours: 2721.1
review: addicted to dota 2
game-hours: 1763.9
review: GGWP BOS :D Jelas game satu2nya MOBA yang bisa diandalkan dan di percaya, pure skill. Uang dll gak pengaruh di game ini, smua hero unlock. bahkan item dengan trading pun bisa dapet set. Hanya kalo pengen keliatan gg aja butuh duit buat permak hero. haha. But Overall the most balance MOBA ever .
game-hours: 1708.3
review: dont play this game, its ruining my life
game-hours: 1113.6
review: Dota2 :)
game-hours: 1023.4
review: Nice
game-hours: 1614.4
review: Awsome Free Game I like This ;)
game-hours: 5.8
review: dIS m dat 90% of your broNIEEE as  fwiends play and ur frwendsssss dad pway dis r alL fegets 0/10 woonscoape wos bettwuah gaym
game-hours: 2983.4
review: Game is good , but server is bad currently.
game-hours: 1086.2
review: Awesome game i recomend this game to anyone
game-hours: 6812.3
review: best game ever!
game-hours: 1722.5
review: I enjoy the game the Competition the friendly fun I reccomend the game to anyone who wants to throw their lives away and only Live for either the Dire or the Radiant of course the choice is never really yours it is decided for you much like your fate if you spend one hour on this game you will never stop playing! But I like it but hell who am I?!
game-hours: 117.3
review: Like League of Legends, but less simple and nice physics. Pretty deece/10
game-hours: 104.5
review: I don't play often, but when I do... Low Level Matchmaking FTW! Listen, for a free game, DOTA is where it's at.
game-hours: 62.8
review: Games dumb
game-hours: 1684.8
review: very nice!!
game-hours: 609.2
review: Excellent game play, well balanced and incredibly fun. Cash items do not affect gameplay and are only for aesthtic purposes only. Everyone has an equal chance of getting items of differing rarity. Very good, definitely recommended and much better compared to League of Legends in my opinion
game-hours: 2739.5
review: Icefraud's next installment of Doto, made by volvo and cleverly titled Doto 2, combines good gramepray from Doto and the good gramphics from volvo's sauce engine to prove to be a great game. From the michael skills required to play meepo, to the intense consistancy of kotl smelling innocent people in lane and finally balsting them with horses, Icefraud proves to have great character design the Doto and Doto 2 alike.   _  Thanks, Volvo.
game-hours: 3076.5
review: I love this game... getting ready to hate yourself in the process.
game-hours: 1.5
review: Good Game
game-hours: 479.4
review: i love dota !!
game-hours: 542.4
review: Its a good game, but its no Cory in the House.
game-hours: 403.3
review: Got yelled at in Russian,learned some Russain, found out my mother is a , found out that I am an imbecille and that I like  and that also I should kill myself. All in one match. 11/10 Best game ever , would buy if it wasn't free
game-hours: 1710.8
review: immortal!
game-hours: 538.8
review: I like dota and Leauge. HOWMADRU? BHONEST
game-hours: 2946.0
review: This game is the absolute worst. It will make you hate others and will ruin friendships. It brings out the absolute worst in everyone. This game is the single most rage inducing thing I have ever encountered in my life. It is a time vampire of the highest degree. But  is it one of the best games ever.
game-hours: 586.4
review: I Love DOTA 2.
game-hours: 299.3
review: goood
game-hours: 891.9
review: <3
game-hours: 2103.3
review: pls buy compendium
game-hours: 2006.3
review: LOVE THIS GAME
game-hours: 3658.9
review: GGWP
game-hours: 1659.5
review: One of the most addicting games out there. Valve comes through with this massive multiplayer game that Steam users should all have on their play list. I absolutely LOVE DOTA2!
game-hours: 2074.6
review: You want to lose your job,friends, family and get fat? Then this game is perfect for you! 11/10
game-hours: 708.6
review: the best game ever
game-hours: 2209.3
review: dota2
game-hours: 1444.9
review: Surely recommended. This is one hell of a gaming a exp. come play DOTA 2.
game-hours: 1398.4
review: fgyhui
game-hours: 2852.7
review: asdasasd
game-hours: 2392.9
review: nice
game-hours: 201.4
review: galing ng kampi
game-hours: 3865.4
review: Amazing strategy game! Ever since I played this games, I had made many new friends. Trading makes this game even more fun, we can also earn money by playing around with the market. Graphic and gameplay is really nice.. Well, that's all that I have in mind.
game-hours: 1033.6
review: El mejor juego en tiempo real que jugado para pc Lo recomiendo todos
game-hours: 603.1
review: nice
game-hours: 2513.2
review: I looked up the wikipedia page on psychological abuse and DOTA fits it almost to the letter. 10/10 Emotional and mental abuse. This game will keep you from meeting social obligations. Enjoy meeting people from around the world as they all cuss at you in various languages, including Spanish and Russian. But that shouldn't really be a problem since team communication is almost nonexistent. If you play willingly play support you are 1/10 in the game almost always, even if they have support on their team they'll go semicarry at the minimum. Enjoy your stay, , Game is hard, noob, they gave diretide, trading keys, you forgot to ward again, dont buy boots first
game-hours: 4.7
review: i am a noob but it seems really fun!
game-hours: 3829.3
review: One of the best games in the world. Enjoy !
game-hours: 1452.9
review: ing worst game ever ing made. 1100+ hours into this ... Before you install this game wonder, do you have a furture? Because this game will completely destroy your life. Its like cocaine that is free, and in front of your face all day. I can't get into any other game because this the only game I will ever need.  this 10/10
game-hours: 76.9
review: Well, way better than LoL, but still not worth to play.
game-hours: 2192.8
review: my favourite dating sim
game-hours: 2226.3
review: Its fun, after you get used to it. It hurts at the start but it gets better the deeper you go in. Dota 2 is basically anal. There are alot of servers availible which include:Russia, and other servers that are filled with Russians. you will experience noobs sometimes, such as the infamous pudge jungle. But its fiiine, Lycan didnt need the jungle anyways am I right? TLDR: a dont be lazy, read the damn thing.
game-hours: 5337.6
review: Great MOBA. If you're into MOBAs like League of Legends, Smite, HoN, etc, then give this a try. It's free! And it's DAMN GOOD. First off, a warning: you're going to suck. Oh, you have some experience with MOBAs? Oh, in that case, you're going to suck and get pissed. Dota 2 has a pretty long learning curve. Loads of heroes to choose from and heaps of items to go along. The training system is a precious help and introduces you to the last hits, denies, shopping for items and combining items, allows you to play with a few noob-friendly (not easy and not weaker than the other ones, mind you, just not that complicated to master in the early stages of the game) heroes to get you to feel the game's pace. From then on, you still have a lot to learn. Everybody can use ALL heroes for free and there's no advantage anyone has over you except their own experience in the game. But there are plenty of heroes to go around and until you've played them all (or played against them) at least once, you'll be feeling like a noob when you face one for the first time. Dota 2 is rather unforgiving when it comes to carries. You die, you lose time, experience and GOLD. And you need GOLD to buy items to allow you to carry. Not that easy for supports either. Most of them do have the uppoer hand on some carries on the early stages of the game, but you need to know them in order to take advantage of that. Also, your abilities' damage doesn't really scale all that well to late game, where the carries start to shine. There are dozens of ward spots, jungling tricks and control points you need to master. Every game's different. Lanes are pretty unpredictable at Dota 2. You can have 2-1-2, but you can have a 1-1-3, a 1-2-2, or, if you have some jungler, you can have 1-1-1-2 os something like that. The game's pretty dynamic. Do check some guides and builds. They can help you in your first contacts with some heroes. But, hey... it's Dota 2. Everything's situational. Sure, there are a few core items on many heroes, but, all in all, it all depends on the game you're playing and a change can make ALL the difference. Again, if you're into MOBAs... Do try it. NOW!
game-hours: 10772.5
review: :D
game-hours: 1554.5
review: Pizda nub
game-hours: 0.1
review: Not noob friendly and i'm not Russian
game-hours: 2717.2
review: Dota 2 is an excellent game, especially for a F2P. A lot of heros that are availble to everyone from the start. And the only thing you pay for in this game is coesmetic items or tickets to watch pro games. Any money spent on the game doesn't effect the outcome of the game other then how many more hours you're going play the hero you bought items for, lol. How ever there is a steep learning curve and even if you've played fora while you're constantly learning new things because Dota 2 is always changing.
game-hours: 775.5
review: ggwp
game-hours: 2596.4
review: naw
game-hours: 538.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 3.4
review: how do i attack
game-hours: 2474.2
review: awesome!
game-hours: 2130.4
review: Excelente jogo, um dos melhores que ja joguei senao o melhor; Porem dificil para iniciantes e uma pessoa ruim no time pode estragar uma partida
game-hours: 2.4
review: Hey Dota players, League.
game-hours: 2592.5
review: i love this game very much its imazing game i dont know why and i recommend this game to anyone have good brain :]
game-hours: 432.9
review: :) ,      :)
game-hours: 5002.6
review: Mark these words: they're the last you'll hear.
game-hours: 2588.8
review: this game is so good! get if you can. and it is also free:xD
game-hours: 3006.1
review: get your Dingus out
game-hours: 1500.0
review: This game is going to take control of you, the graphics are among the best in MOBAs. The community is, well, not as good as you would want it to be, but if you have friends you can play with, it doesn't matter as much. There are over 120 heroes to choose from and after 100+ hours you'll know all the things you need! Everything is available to you from the start so you can quickly master a few heroes and play on all pick if you want to, or play on single draft for additional challenge. There are also 8 gamemodes and a lot of events are coming out for nearly every festival eg. Christmas, Halloween etc. Overall, I recommend the game, it's great. If you want to learn the basics go play on bots for a while with a guide. Dota 2 gets a 9/10 from me just because of the community.
game-hours: 817.1
review: The best way to ruin friendship and get scolded everytime, is to play this game.
game-hours: 1945.1
review: Best Russian course on Steam 10/10
game-hours: 1612.6
review: 2good
game-hours: 971.8
review: its horrible dont get it
game-hours: 726.6
review: it is gret play it
game-hours: 2036.3
review: no play this = delete steam delete pc delete delete
game-hours: 942.9
review: Dota 2 is a game about getting fat, and whoever is the fattest of them all wins. If your 5 man fat orgy gets fatter faster than the other growing pile of mass on the other side of the map, then when these two hideous blobs of lard collide you'll still have some fat to toss around at the enemy while they scream at each other for not being fat enough. On the other hand when you're both at the weigh in and the other team's got some bigger numbers to boast about, you'll find yourself being smothered, crushed by the fat; it betrays you! They pull you in, absorbing you into their ever growing blob as your teammates are yelling to stop feeding their mass. It becomes increasingly apparent that you are not the fattest of them all, and you start to wonder why you ever started playing Dota 2 in the first place...
game-hours: 2255.7
review: Mejor que el LOL ;)
game-hours: 4091.6
review: good game. nice steam..
game-hours: 904.9
review: I THE JARL OF WHITERUN RECOMMEND THIS GAME GO INSTALL IT.
game-hours: 1312.5
review: =]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]
game-hours: 193.4
review: Awesome free play
game-hours: 1207.8
review: BEST Moba ever! Get it today!
game-hours: 2693.7
review: Is Pope Catholic?
game-hours: 1979.7
review: <3
game-hours: 3991.2
review: Online Trash-talking Simulator 2013.
game-hours: 364.0
review: yeah
game-hours: 2251.9
review: BEST GAME..!!
game-hours: 10.2
review: The other players shout more inventive insults at you than on COD. 10/10
game-hours: 801.9
review: 19:38 - Me - "Fancy a game of dota guys? we could stomp some pubs and have a good time." 19:40 - Everyone - "Yeah that will be great, we'll enjoy ourselves" 21:05 - Me - "GET OUT THE ING JUNGLE FRIEL, THERE IS A FIGHT GOING ON IN OUR BASE!" 21:05 - Friel - "IF YOU ALL DIDNT FEED I WOULDNT NEED TO FARM!" 21:06 - Me - " YOU FRIEL!" 22:06 - Everyone - "I ING HATE ALL OF YOU!"
game-hours: 722.7
review: much fun, very graphincs, such a pleasure, wow
game-hours: 1820.7
review: The best Game ever... Most addictive.. played thousands oh hours.. defenitely worth it!
game-hours: 1764.3
review: Zzzzz
game-hours: 1413.8
review: The Best Game
game-hours: 3069.0
review: Davai, !
game-hours: 470.7
review: i liked this game because of the stunning graphics but i dont like is some of the other players is useless or noob :(
game-hours: 492.2
review: the best game ever...
game-hours: 1747.7
review: IS IT THE SHOES?!!!!
game-hours: 2412.9
review: In my opinion DOTA 2 is the best MOBA, being the offical succesor to DOTA and having a deep meta-game+mechanics that changes now and then. Valve game too so the quality is pretty much assured and the free to play model is just superb. All heroes unlocked no paywall, you don't have to pay for anything expect cosmetics and tournaments. Some tournaments are free to watch(MLG and International). It has some flaws including the community but that is an issue that cannot be fixed and I would recommend to everyone who wants to play a MOBA/is currently playing a MOBA. Almost perfect but with room for some improvements.
game-hours: 1309.6
review: nice game. very addict
game-hours: 110.8
review: tynn jrj
game-hours: 2149.3
review: hi all
game-hours: 2143.0
review: I love this game!! Haaaa.... I still wait a BOOMER means Techies. haha
game-hours: 2558.5
review: Dota 2 = EPIC
game-hours: 5356.1
review: If you want to hate yourself for hours at a time, but enjoy it at the same time, download this game. If you like being screamed at in many foreign lanuages when you que US East, Play Dota. If you like a decent community of friendly players, don't play online games ever :)
game-hours: 4589.1
review: This game sucks. Don't play
game-hours: 442.7
review: diwang
game-hours: 4322.0
review: yes
game-hours: 1452.1
review: Dota 2.
game-hours: 2435.1
review: Drink Votka Win Dotka ;(((((
game-hours: 5096.5
review: It's like meth except you don't quit college to try and become a proffesional meth addict.
game-hours: 738.6
review: .  .  .     .
game-hours: 1.9
review: 10/10 would not recomend
game-hours: 2.6
review: Far too easy. I prefer another game, known as League of Legends(abbreviated LoL) I find LoL requires much more skill and is overall a better experience.
game-hours: 407.6
review: It tore my friends apart. Also Russians. SO MANY BLODDY RUSSIANS!
game-hours: 1435.0
review: good game if youre a dumb spic that cant speak english
game-hours: 208.3
review: Felt like giving Dota 2 a try and like most other Moba games it's very addicting. I played a fair amount of the game as well as going through training. The heros were interesting and had a lot of diversity. Selecting the lane you preferring in hero select was a nice feature. That's the end of the good things I have to say about the game. Now for the bad. Still full of bugs. No good information on how to cancel auto buy resulting in odd issues with UI which you can't tell if it's a bug that prevents you from buying things and putting a large item icon on your screen. An insane amount of leavers during games. Then when you attempt to disconnect when it's safe, taking minutes for it to give you the disconnect screen. Region ques seem to be a joke. Always selected just the two North American ques and one in three matches getting multiple people who do not speak English. Pretty rediculus when this is supposed to be a game where you need to communicate with your team. This is also in addition to the very long que times. More time spent in que today then actually playing the game. This ultimately made me quit playing in digust. Summary- +Some great heros with unique abilities. +UI has great features when they work correctly. +Drop system that keeps you wanting to play. -Worst community I have ever had the displeasure of playing with. -Que times far too long. -Picking a region to play in doesn't seem to matter. -Though it's out of beta, still a large amount of bugs. -Training system needs some work.
game-hours: 4004.3
review: Literally the most  MMR system ever created. I should literally be 7k but my literally  Peruvian teamates of Russian descent literally lose me every game literally keeping me down to 2k. Literally wtf Valve.
game-hours: 64.3
review: Play LoL instead
game-hours: 5.1
review: Meh, dota 1 was better. Can't even beat LoL in streaming views even when it has a massive championship lol.
game-hours: 89.5
review: Its alright
game-hours: 1.6
review: Tutorial lasted about an hour and 30 minutes and when I finally got in to a game I got stuck in a fart cloud and insta-killed by pudge.
game-hours: 10.0
review: click click click click click clickclick click click top tower go go click click click
game-hours: 3.7
review: If you hate having fun, this is the game for you!
game-hours: 1319.0
review: Best moba out there. I played dota first, then lol for 1,5 years, but when dota 2 came out, i swtichted to it. No regret at all, balanced, hardcore gaming. A real challange.
game-hours: 2285.7
review: It will take every second of your free time, and that will never be enough. Totally recommend .
game-hours: 288.9
review: Its the most well made geme ive ever played and it gaved me a uniqe experience that i didnt had in most of the games of its kind .
game-hours: 1716.2
review: Good
game-hours: 1175.6
review: I love DOTA 2. It has quickly become my most-played game on Steam and I feel like I've barely scratched the surface of all there is to experience in it. Despite being limited to one map, the game still feels extremely large and always offers a brand new challenge with every match. With so many heroes to choose from, and so many crazy combinations for teams, I have a feeling that I'll still be learning the basics of this game for a long time coming. I can't write a DOTA review without mentioning the competitive aspect of the game. I'm a huge fan of esports, and have been following various scenes since 1997. I've watched the production values of these scenes increase slowly throughout the years to the point where there is enough media coverage and hype to reach nearly anyone. With DOTA2, I feel that things are taken to a whole new level. The in-game interface itself makes it very easy to view the latest big tournaments and watch them live from within the application WITH commentary. You can watch the games using a guided camera, or you can take control of the camera yourself and track your favorite player, all while the commentary is running in the background to give you constant updates of the action. It's phenomenal and it's another big reason why I'll be playing this game for years. In short, yes you should definitely give this game a try. No doubt about it.
game-hours: 1739.9
review: Best competitive coop game I've ever played. I used to play league but then I smartened up.
game-hours: 1354.6
review: aa
game-hours: 1900.7
review: NICE GAME
game-hours: 2226.3
review: Its fun, after you get used to it. It hurts at the start but it gets better the deeper you go in. Dota 2 is basically anal. There are alot of servers availible which include:Russia, and other servers that are filled with Russians. you will experience noobs sometimes, such as the infamous pudge jungle. But its fiiine, Lycan didnt need the jungle anyways am I right? TLDR: a dont be lazy, read the damn thing.
game-hours: 5337.6
review: Great MOBA. If you're into MOBAs like League of Legends, Smite, HoN, etc, then give this a try. It's free! And it's DAMN GOOD. First off, a warning: you're going to suck. Oh, you have some experience with MOBAs? Oh, in that case, you're going to suck and get pissed. Dota 2 has a pretty long learning curve. Loads of heroes to choose from and heaps of items to go along. The training system is a precious help and introduces you to the last hits, denies, shopping for items and combining items, allows you to play with a few noob-friendly (not easy and not weaker than the other ones, mind you, just not that complicated to master in the early stages of the game) heroes to get you to feel the game's pace. From then on, you still have a lot to learn. Everybody can use ALL heroes for free and there's no advantage anyone has over you except their own experience in the game. But there are plenty of heroes to go around and until you've played them all (or played against them) at least once, you'll be feeling like a noob when you face one for the first time. Dota 2 is rather unforgiving when it comes to carries. You die, you lose time, experience and GOLD. And you need GOLD to buy items to allow you to carry. Not that easy for supports either. Most of them do have the uppoer hand on some carries on the early stages of the game, but you need to know them in order to take advantage of that. Also, your abilities' damage doesn't really scale all that well to late game, where the carries start to shine. There are dozens of ward spots, jungling tricks and control points you need to master. Every game's different. Lanes are pretty unpredictable at Dota 2. You can have 2-1-2, but you can have a 1-1-3, a 1-2-2, or, if you have some jungler, you can have 1-1-1-2 os something like that. The game's pretty dynamic. Do check some guides and builds. They can help you in your first contacts with some heroes. But, hey... it's Dota 2. Everything's situational. Sure, there are a few core items on many heroes, but, all in all, it all depends on the game you're playing and a change can make ALL the difference. Again, if you're into MOBAs... Do try it. NOW!
game-hours: 10772.5
review: :D
game-hours: 892.7
review: I like playing support because I enjoyed getting yelled at and bossed around.
game-hours: 2052.1
review: BEST GAME WILL EVER MADE AND WILL STILL BE THE BEST EVER
game-hours: 3943.9
review: Great game,a lot of fun and a place where u meet a lot of russians :)
game-hours: 3098.9
review: Dota is my faourite game, but I am still a noob
game-hours: 1795.1
review: goodgame
game-hours: 3331.2
review: Best game I have ever got sucked into i don't see myself stopping anytime soon. and with the massive pricepoint I don't see why any shouldn't try it.
game-hours: 1480.2
review: I LOVE THIS GAME
game-hours: 353.8
review: This game is one of the best game I've ever played. Once you can taste the victory of winning, you'll starve for more///
game-hours: 325.6
review: This is a game
game-hours: 4002.5
review: prosikit only can play this
game-hours: 1592.2
review: Doporuuju :)
game-hours: 1383.0
review: A, THIS GAME IS FUN AS . THERE'S DRAGONS N' . ING DRAGONS. IF THAT DOESN'T SELL YOU ON THIS GAME MAYBE THE FACT THAT WHEN YOU KILL ANOTHER A THEY IN MAKE IT RAIN GOLD ALL OVA' YO , SON. BUY THIS . WAIT...ITS FREE. DOWNLOAD THIS  AND BUY IT. DON'T CARE HOW, JUST DO IT.
game-hours: 433.6
review: :))
game-hours: 2535.9
review: kie game apik. download bae walaupun mandan gede. nyong yakin kowe2 pada seneng. apik lah intine
game-hours: 1371.0
review: Failed a ton of exams because of this game. 10/10 Will play again. at least I know a few words in russian! edit: '14.02.25 Supports not buying sentry wards to counter Riki. Riki gets fed. I get cancer. 11/10 Would play against snowballed Riki again.
game-hours: 455.2
review: Dota is a competitive game of action and strategy, played both professionally and casually by millions of passionate fans worldwide. Players pick from a pool of over a hundred heroes, forming two teams of five players. Radiant heroes then battle their Dire counterparts to control a gorgeous fantasy landscape, waging campaigns of cunning, stealth, and outright warfare. Irresistibly colorful on the surface, Dota is a game of infinite depth and complexity. Every hero has an array of skills and abilities that combine with the skills of their allies in unexpected ways, to ensure that no game is ever remotely alike. This is one of the reasons that the Dota phenomenon has continued to grow. Originating as a fan-made Warcraft 3 modification, Dota was an instant underground hit. After coming to Valve, the original community developers have bridged the gap to a more inclusive audience, so that the rest of the world can experience the same core gameplay, but with the level of polish that only Valve can provide.
game-hours: 525.2
review: Very Nice Game!!!!
game-hours: 2513.2
review: I looked up the wikipedia page on psychological abuse and DOTA fits it almost to the letter. 10/10 Emotional and mental abuse. This game will keep you from meeting social obligations. Enjoy meeting people from around the world as they all cuss at you in various languages, including Spanish and Russian. But that shouldn't really be a problem since team communication is almost nonexistent. If you play willingly play support you are 1/10 in the game almost always, even if they have support on their team they'll go semicarry at the minimum. Enjoy your stay, , Game is hard, noob, they gave diretide, trading keys, you forgot to ward again, dont buy boots first
game-hours: 4.7
review: i am a noob but it seems really fun!
game-hours: 3829.3
review: One of the best games in the world. Enjoy !
game-hours: 1452.9
review: ing worst game ever ing made. 1100+ hours into this ... Before you install this game wonder, do you have a furture? Because this game will completely destroy your life. Its like cocaine that is free, and in front of your face all day. I can't get into any other game because this the only game I will ever need.  this 10/10
game-hours: 1614.4
review: Awsome Free Game I like This ;)
game-hours: 5.8
review: dIS m dat 90% of your broNIEEE as  fwiends play and ur frwendsssss dad pway dis r alL fegets 0/10 woonscoape wos bettwuah gaym
game-hours: 2983.4
review: Game is good , but server is bad currently.
game-hours: 1086.2
review: Awesome game i recomend this game to anyone
game-hours: 6812.3
review: best game ever!
game-hours: 1722.5
review: I enjoy the game the Competition the friendly fun I reccomend the game to anyone who wants to throw their lives away and only Live for either the Dire or the Radiant of course the choice is never really yours it is decided for you much like your fate if you spend one hour on this game you will never stop playing! But I like it but hell who am I?!
game-hours: 1096.3
review: MAKE FRIENDS WITH RUSSIANS. LEARN HOW TO CARRY WHILE DRINKING VODKA. KILL LONE DRUID BEAR LIKE RUSSIAN. BARE HANDED. Is game good? Da. Is community good? Da. Should you play this? Da.
game-hours: 1669.0
review: Dota 2 is fun. Dota 2 is free. these two facts combined mean that you should download this game and begin enjoying it. There is no reason to delay!
game-hours: 7886.3
review: Najvece sranje od igrice
game-hours: 1.1
review: take your body to the moon in the newest hit from everyones favourite game developer EA games: DOTA 2: THE BLOODENING. dota is a make believe word that you have to believe to understand. be a character from the past, present or future. play in the now. take the train. youre in it to win it and there are millions on the line. 5/5 stars
game-hours: 0.6
review: Needs more sandvichies -420/69
game-hours: 1710.8
review: immortal!
game-hours: 538.8
review: I like dota and Leauge. HOWMADRU? BHONEST
game-hours: 2946.0
review: This game is the absolute worst. It will make you hate others and will ruin friendships. It brings out the absolute worst in everyone. This game is the single most rage inducing thing I have ever encountered in my life. It is a time vampire of the highest degree. But  is it one of the best games ever.
game-hours: 586.4
review: I Love DOTA 2.
game-hours: 299.3
review: goood
game-hours: 404.7
review: we dem boys
game-hours: 2.3
review: good
game-hours: 3831.2
review: Ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 464.9
review: Ruining my life one game at a time in kotol
game-hours: 851.8
review: Melhor substituidor de pepecas atualmente.
game-hours: 1137.7
review: BURNING
game-hours: 1.8
review: this game is for fat people. 10/10
game-hours: 1895.4
review: Very addictive Its animated pieces makes you to feel that so are in a real war and you must fight to protect your king....I am so in love with this game.
game-hours: 4285.4
review: My loves this  games
game-hours: 766.7
review: Free Russian Language Tutor.
game-hours: 104.3
review: -_-
game-hours: 1760.5
review: asd
game-hours: 599.2
review: If you can't afford to purchase cocaine to lighten up your weekend then DOTA 2 is the next best thing! Highly addictive and as equally life destroying as any drug, DOTA 2 will make you question your own sanity and send you on a spiralling quest about what the meaning of life actually is (answer could be DOTA 2). If you can't speak Russian then DOTA 2 will enable you to become fluent in the language but only if you put some effort in yourself. This means that holiday to Russia you've all been wanting will be like visiting home, rather than a foreign country. Learn great words like "" and "" and repeat them to your new friends! I've never felt more free than when I play DOTA 2, I'm sure my life span decreases every time I play it so what's not to love! Go buy it now for free and ruin your life! Play with friends so you can venture the darkness together! 11/10 must buy, very win.
game-hours: 466.1
review: If you like flaming to those idiot russian players dota 2 is the correct game for you
game-hours: 607.6
review: Good
game-hours: 2305.1
review: great strategy game
game-hours: 1734.6
review: nice...
game-hours: 532.4
review: nice...
game-hours: 869.7
review: this is my favorite game
game-hours: 149.1
review: protip: if you are not english, play on an english server. It will guarantee victory. Jk its a great game. :)
game-hours: 1797.6
review: Yeah well uh this game is like crack... it's bad for you but you still want to take it because of your addiction and like all drugs you need to watch out for the cheap crack (e.q the russians)
game-hours: 1982.6
review: Not all sequels sucks, man!
game-hours: 2052.1
review: BEST GAME WILL EVER MADE AND WILL STILL BE THE BEST EVER
game-hours: 3943.9
review: Great game,a lot of fun and a place where u meet a lot of russians :)
game-hours: 3098.9
review: Dota is my faourite game, but I am still a noob
game-hours: 1795.1
review: goodgame
game-hours: 3331.5
review: Best game I have ever got sucked into i don't see myself stopping anytime soon. and with the massive pricepoint I don't see why any shouldn't try it.
game-hours: 1480.2
review: I LOVE THIS GAME
game-hours: 0.2
review: I got this game for free because my friend gave it to me. I played it once and never played it again, it was absolute . But that's not the reason here I'm writing this review. I'm writing this review because this ing games constant updates, constantly crash my ing computer, I just went to go play g-mod and then out of no where the game starts updating, friendly reminder I don't even play this ing game, it's just sitting in my library. So the game starts updating and then I get a skype call because I want to talk to my friends while I play gmod, then skype crashes, then gmod, then everything ing else, while steam stays up, while this ing game slowly, very slowly updates.  game, and if you own it and don't play it, uninstall it. 0/10.
game-hours: 634.8
review: "Stay in the trees"
game-hours: 1624.4
review: This is by far the best language-learning tool on the internet. In just 7 months, I have learned an ample amount of Russian, Brazilian and Mexican to use in real world situations. I would give this game a 10/10!
game-hours: 2507.3
review: this game is ing
game-hours: 1886.2
review: ,  ,
game-hours: 2207.7
review: Ahhh.... Dota 2. This game is severaly unbalanced since no matter how well you play, your team will always blame you for the loss. It is also insanely luck based because the team that gets most russians usually looses. A lot of functions in this game are completely broken as well. For example, even if you pick "English" in the language bar everyone still speaks Russian. Sometimes German or French, but never English. Playing this game I had a few mental breakdowns and smashed three windows in total. It sometimes feels like my life is fading away and I imagine life in prison with a really musculine in-mate would provide the same level of . To sum up, this is game is ing terrible. 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 33.5
review: sik
game-hours: 2794.1
review: Used to to enjoy real life, but then i discovered dota 2. 10/10
game-hours: 4880.8
review: Best game ever made.
game-hours: 740.1
review: Its a great game with a really friendly community. Just remember that if your team mate is saying "" in chat, it means he thinks you're doing a good job and appreciates your efforts.
game-hours: 1602.8
review: , davai-davai:-    ?     ?    ,     .  ,      ,     ,      ,    ,    ,  ,   ,           ,  . ,      ,      ,     ,    .  ,    ,        . ,    ,    ,          ,   ,      .  ,    ,     ,    .   ,  ,    ,         .  ,  (     ) ,     ,    ,       .      , Scaramouche ,  ,     ?     ,    . (  )  . (  )  ,    .    ,     .        ,      .   ,   ,    ? Bismillah ! ,     . (  ! ) Bismillah !      . (  ! ) Bismillah !      . (   ! )   . (   ! ) ,         , . , ,  , ,  , ,  . ,   ,   (  ,  . )         ,   ,  .  ,  ,         ?   ,         ? ,  ,       ,  ,    ,     . ( , ,   )        ,     ,        ,         .      .
game-hours: 4037.2
review: It's Amazing And Great Game ,.,.,. If U Try It U Will Never Leave It ,.,..........
game-hours: 3509.8
review: best game ever
game-hours: 455.4
review: cooooool
game-hours: 10.0
review: hit a guy simulator 2013
game-hours: 1330.8
review: :)
game-hours: 4016.5
review: best online game
game-hours: 4114.4
review: dota 2 was not popular like now i played only few hours of dota and now i cant stop playing my dad said dota 2 is  after he started to play dota 2 with me.
game-hours: 971.8
review: its horrible dont get it
game-hours: 726.6
review: it is gret play it
game-hours: 2036.3
review: no play this = delete steam delete pc delete delete
game-hours: 942.9
review: Dota 2 is a game about getting fat, and whoever is the fattest of them all wins. If your 5 man fat orgy gets fatter faster than the other growing pile of mass on the other side of the map, then when these two hideous blobs of lard collide you'll still have some fat to toss around at the enemy while they scream at each other for not being fat enough. On the other hand when you're both at the weigh in and the other team's got some bigger numbers to boast about, you'll find yourself being smothered, crushed by the fat; it betrays you! They pull you in, absorbing you into their ever growing blob as your teammates are yelling to stop feeding their mass. It becomes increasingly apparent that you are not the fattest of them all, and you start to wonder why you ever started playing Dota 2 in the first place...
game-hours: 1260.6
review: My Favourite Game <3 ;)
game-hours: 688.4
review: It's a game! :D
game-hours: 1886.6
review: best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best best game
game-hours: 3016.6
review: 10/10 would spirit breaker again I'm only joking  game DDOS the Website
game-hours: 358.2
review: Got  by a butcher with a hook 10/10
game-hours: 1722.8
review: Its like meth, available, cheap ,ruins your life, addictive, everyone does it, and it keeps you up at night. 10 out of ten, best game
game-hours: 2412.9
review: In my opinion DOTA 2 is the best MOBA, being the offical succesor to DOTA and having a deep meta-game+mechanics that changes now and then. Valve game too so the quality is pretty much assured and the free to play model is just superb. All heroes unlocked no paywall, you don't have to pay for anything expect cosmetics and tournaments. Some tournaments are free to watch(MLG and International). It has some flaws including the community but that is an issue that cannot be fixed and I would recommend to everyone who wants to play a MOBA/is currently playing a MOBA. Almost perfect but with room for some improvements.
game-hours: 1770.2
review: ruined my life
game-hours: 2435.1
review: Drink Votka Win Dotka ;(((((
game-hours: 5096.5
review: It's like meth except you don't quit college to try and become a proffesional meth addict.
game-hours: 1401.8
review: Best Game Forever
game-hours: 476.5
review: Task Lng pra Lumevel up sa Steam :D
game-hours: 955.4
review: Flamers. Russians. s. Flaming Russian s. 10/10
game-hours: 1832.5
review: 100% legit free to play too!?!? Yes people are s in Dota, but they're s everywhere on the internet. Just mute them and indulge in the fast paced, action packed strategic gameplay that is Dota.
game-hours: 912.1
review: Recomended
game-hours: 862.8
review: This game is totally free, meaning that you have to pay nothing to get the full experience. Also, there are better items to find than just some dinky old hats from Team Fortress 2. If you aren't going to do anything productive anyway you might as well earn some items that you can trade.
game-hours: 989.7
review: (y)
game-hours: 8.2
review: This game sucks like ya mother !!
game-hours: 57.9
review: Dota 2 is hard, but there's a huge reward for those who commit. On the surface, the game is a like-for-like reproduction of the genre-creating (and still updated) Defense of the Ancients modification for Warcraft III, now transferred into Valve's Source engine. The game's punishing design is sometimes enough to drive you up the wall, but it's worth sticking the hours in: success in Dota 2 is about learning to effectively juggle both the broad strokes and finer details. If you're not aware of the basics of the burgeoning MOBA genre, two teams of five players spawn on corners of a map. Each team needs to work together with the goal of ultimately destroying a central structure--in Dota 2's case, the Ancient--in the opposing team's base. With most games lasting around the 40-minute mark, and occasionally edging past an hour, watching the enemy fortress dramatically crumble and sink to the ground feels like an exhilarating payoff. Aiding these two teams, named the Radiant and the Dire, are waves of AI assistants, called creeps. Batches of creeps spawn at 30-second intervals and charge merrily up the map's three pathways. In the clumps of remaining land lies a jungle, where numerous AI opponents spawn, offering lucrative benefits to players who take them on successfully. Finally, and in a bid to stop both teams from simply marching into one another's base, each team gets three powerful towers on each lane that easily shred through enemy players at the start of the game. Your individual ability to control and affect the rhythm of the game comes from how well you handle your hero. You mostly control a single unit in Dota 2, though there are exceptions: some heroes can summon controllable allies, such as bears, gargoyle babies, or wolves; one exceptionally versatile hero can split into three; and one item lets you take control of certain creeps. For each rule in Dota 2's impressive house-of-cards design, there's usually at least one character who completely ignores it, or finds a way around it via one of 130-odd items available from the in-match shop. For instance, try negating magic attacks with the black king bar, returning damage with the blade mail, or pounding out two ultimate abilities in quick succession with a refresher orb. The aim for most players is to accumulate as much gold and experience as possible, with income being delivered mostly by scoring the killing blow on enemy creeps and players. It's almost always easier to gang up on stray enemies as a group, which is why it's rarely a good idea to run about on your own. Then it's a case of splashing all your hard-earned money on some ultra-powerful items from the shop, while levelling up your base stats and abilities, and then clobbering the enemy team into submission via a few five-versus-five team fights. Rarely does it feel that simple, however. At the time of writing, 102 of the original Dota's 112 heroes have made their way into the sequel. Each hero has a handful of unique abilities and generally works best in a specific role, such as supporting other players as Omniknight, roaming around the map looking for opportunistic kills as Spirit Breaker, or evolving throughout the course of the game into an all-powerful vehicle of carnage and destruction as Phantom Assassin. There's only one map, unlike in many other MOBA titles, although Valve has not ruled out the addition of more over time, and has previously offered game-changing modes with seasonal events at Halloween and Christmas. But Dota 2's single sprawling map sets itself apart from the competition by being larger, more intricate, and packed with greater detail than the rest of the genre. Unlike in League of Legends, the jungle area is riddled with far more tangling pathways, the lanes feature additional shops selling exclusive items, and savvy players are given more opportunities to use the environment to hide, flee, and ambush their opponents. There are multiple layers of additional information that become increasingly relevant as you invest more time in the game. How do you effectively divide your forces? When should your team attempt to vanquish Roshan, the map's most powerful creep? What are runes? What's the significance of the fact that creeps get slightly stronger every seven and a half minutes? Often the game's dizzying scale is seen as off-putting or simply too complex, but the truth of Dota is that it can be entertaining as a new player to just sit down and let all those extraneous factors play out around you. Getting down to the brass tacks of the game with a group of like-minded friends is a lot of fun: start by buying your characters' recommended items, try your best not to get caught out of position, and get into the habit of buying observer wards. And watch out for Riki. As you'd expect from Valve, this is a beautifully presented game, with the Half-Life and Portal maker running victory laps around its competition in terms of UI, voice acting, and showing how to deftly add real personality to its characters. Only recently has the developer turned its attention to gently easing new players into the proceedings, however, and even now, mastering the basics feels like learning to swim by jumping in at the deep end. Efforts are being made to remedy this, though: right now there are a couple of tutorial levels, some well-designed AI bots, and a newbie playlist that restricts hero selection to just 20 of the most frequently picked characters. And with community-created hero guides now built directly into the game itself, Dota 2 is much easier to get started with than it has been in the past. Play a match every evening for a couple of weeks, and you start to see how Dota 2's wealth of disparate systems and mechanics combine into their own harmony, and you begin to understand how there are hundreds of elements that affect the game. Dota 2 is a tense war of accumulation and attrition. The biggest problem, which is coincidentally where the real excitement of the game lies, comes from struggling to process and interpret dozens upon dozens of mitigating circumstances while simultaneously trying to keep your cool. It is a complicated and exhausting game, and for the first few weeks, it's challenging just keeping up with the general rhythm of a match. But invest enough time into Dota 2, and you develop an almost unconscious ability to keep up with the game--performing actions such as sending the slightly fiddly in-game courier over to the faraway "secret" shop to get some rare items, for instance. After a couple of hundred hours of Dota 2, what once felt like spinning plates just happens automatically. Late-night Skype calls, drawn-out conversations down at the pub, and lost lunch breaks follow. Very few games can withstand so many emotionally charged discussions. When everything goes south, the psychological toll can be surprisingly intense, and this is very much a game with the power to both start and end close friendships. Dota 2 is an overwhelming, intoxicating, and emotionally dangerous game that can quite easily take over your entire gaming life. While Dota 2 has transferred the core of the original Dota into a cleaner, modern engine, the fact remains that losing is uniquely painful. Death in Dota 2 not only gives your opponent money, but robs you of some of your own and leaves you waiting up to a minute to respawn. By the time you've trudged back across the game's massive map--or spent money on a teleportation scroll--your opponent is now stronger and richer. Die two or three times in quick succession, which is easily done, and a match of Dota becomes a painful experience where you spend the next half hour getting bullied by an increasingly superior enemy. Other games in the genre have tried to mitigate this punishment, but Dota 2 positively revels in its complexities. The rich just get richer.
game-hours: 1000.5
review: Good Game
game-hours: 693.7
review: Gaming...
game-hours: 2119.2
review: The Best Game Ever . Dota 2 :)
game-hours: 1323.1
review: better than HoN and LoL!
game-hours: 3253.4
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1511.8
review: One of the greatest online games I've played
game-hours: 1540.9
review: If you want to make friends from exciting countries like Russia, Brazil, and Philippines then this game is for you.
game-hours: 1776.9
review: This game is excellent for any students looking to brush up on Spanish, Portugese, and Russian obscenities and slang. The best cursing language software on the market. As an educator, I would highly recommend this for anyone looking to start a career as a sailor in a foreign navy. 9/10 Loses one point for inconsistencies in the spelling of certain curse words. Double check all the words online, and you'll be fine. Special Thanks: To the wonderful community of students from South America and Russia looking to teach others how to communicate their animosity in a new language.
game-hours: 53.7
review: 69/420 It's okay
game-hours: 4.6
review: This game is so good, like so gooooood, that i don't play it. Don't buy it. TETRAO
game-hours: 57.9
review: Dota 2 is hard, but there's a huge reward for those who commit. On the surface, the game is a like-for-like reproduction of the genre-creating (and still updated) Defense of the Ancients modification for Warcraft III, now transferred into Valve's Source engine. The game's punishing design is sometimes enough to drive you up the wall, but it's worth sticking the hours in: success in Dota 2 is about learning to effectively juggle both the broad strokes and finer details. If you're not aware of the basics of the burgeoning MOBA genre, two teams of five players spawn on corners of a map. Each team needs to work together with the goal of ultimately destroying a central structure--in Dota 2's case, the Ancient--in the opposing team's base. With most games lasting around the 40-minute mark, and occasionally edging past an hour, watching the enemy fortress dramatically crumble and sink to the ground feels like an exhilarating payoff. Aiding these two teams, named the Radiant and the Dire, are waves of AI assistants, called creeps. Batches of creeps spawn at 30-second intervals and charge merrily up the map's three pathways. In the clumps of remaining land lies a jungle, where numerous AI opponents spawn, offering lucrative benefits to players who take them on successfully. Finally, and in a bid to stop both teams from simply marching into one another's base, each team gets three powerful towers on each lane that easily shred through enemy players at the start of the game. Your individual ability to control and affect the rhythm of the game comes from how well you handle your hero. You mostly control a single unit in Dota 2, though there are exceptions: some heroes can summon controllable allies, such as bears, gargoyle babies, or wolves; one exceptionally versatile hero can split into three; and one item lets you take control of certain creeps. For each rule in Dota 2's impressive house-of-cards design, there's usually at least one character who completely ignores it, or finds a way around it via one of 130-odd items available from the in-match shop. For instance, try negating magic attacks with the black king bar, returning damage with the blade mail, or pounding out two ultimate abilities in quick succession with a refresher orb. The aim for most players is to accumulate as much gold and experience as possible, with income being delivered mostly by scoring the killing blow on enemy creeps and players. It's almost always easier to gang up on stray enemies as a group, which is why it's rarely a good idea to run about on your own. Then it's a case of splashing all your hard-earned money on some ultra-powerful items from the shop, while levelling up your base stats and abilities, and then clobbering the enemy team into submission via a few five-versus-five team fights. Rarely does it feel that simple, however. At the time of writing, 102 of the original Dota's 112 heroes have made their way into the sequel. Each hero has a handful of unique abilities and generally works best in a specific role, such as supporting other players as Omniknight, roaming around the map looking for opportunistic kills as Spirit Breaker, or evolving throughout the course of the game into an all-powerful vehicle of carnage and destruction as Phantom Assassin. There's only one map, unlike in many other MOBA titles, although Valve has not ruled out the addition of more over time, and has previously offered game-changing modes with seasonal events at Halloween and Christmas. But Dota 2's single sprawling map sets itself apart from the competition by being larger, more intricate, and packed with greater detail than the rest of the genre. Unlike in League of Legends, the jungle area is riddled with far more tangling pathways, the lanes feature additional shops selling exclusive items, and savvy players are given more opportunities to use the environment to hide, flee, and ambush their opponents. There are multiple layers of additional information that become increasingly relevant as you invest more time in the game. How do you effectively divide your forces? When should your team attempt to vanquish Roshan, the map's most powerful creep? What are runes? What's the significance of the fact that creeps get slightly stronger every seven and a half minutes? Often the game's dizzying scale is seen as off-putting or simply too complex, but the truth of Dota is that it can be entertaining as a new player to just sit down and let all those extraneous factors play out around you. Getting down to the brass tacks of the game with a group of like-minded friends is a lot of fun: start by buying your characters' recommended items, try your best not to get caught out of position, and get into the habit of buying observer wards. And watch out for Riki. As you'd expect from Valve, this is a beautifully presented game, with the Half-Life and Portal maker running victory laps around its competition in terms of UI, voice acting, and showing how to deftly add real personality to its characters. Only recently has the developer turned its attention to gently easing new players into the proceedings, however, and even now, mastering the basics feels like learning to swim by jumping in at the deep end. Efforts are being made to remedy this, though: right now there are a couple of tutorial levels, some well-designed AI bots, and a newbie playlist that restricts hero selection to just 20 of the most frequently picked characters. And with community-created hero guides now built directly into the game itself, Dota 2 is much easier to get started with than it has been in the past. Play a match every evening for a couple of weeks, and you start to see how Dota 2's wealth of disparate systems and mechanics combine into their own harmony, and you begin to understand how there are hundreds of elements that affect the game. Dota 2 is a tense war of accumulation and attrition. The biggest problem, which is coincidentally where the real excitement of the game lies, comes from struggling to process and interpret dozens upon dozens of mitigating circumstances while simultaneously trying to keep your cool. It is a complicated and exhausting game, and for the first few weeks, it's challenging just keeping up with the general rhythm of a match. But invest enough time into Dota 2, and you develop an almost unconscious ability to keep up with the game--performing actions such as sending the slightly fiddly in-game courier over to the faraway "secret" shop to get some rare items, for instance. After a couple of hundred hours of Dota 2, what once felt like spinning plates just happens automatically. Late-night Skype calls, drawn-out conversations down at the pub, and lost lunch breaks follow. Very few games can withstand so many emotionally charged discussions. When everything goes south, the psychological toll can be surprisingly intense, and this is very much a game with the power to both start and end close friendships. Dota 2 is an overwhelming, intoxicating, and emotionally dangerous game that can quite easily take over your entire gaming life. While Dota 2 has transferred the core of the original Dota into a cleaner, modern engine, the fact remains that losing is uniquely painful. Death in Dota 2 not only gives your opponent money, but robs you of some of your own and leaves you waiting up to a minute to respawn. By the time you've trudged back across the game's massive map--or spent money on a teleportation scroll--your opponent is now stronger and richer. Die two or three times in quick succession, which is easily done, and a match of Dota becomes a painful experience where you spend the next half hour getting bullied by an increasingly superior enemy. Other games in the genre have tried to mitigate this punishment, but Dota 2 positively revels in its complexities. The rich just get richer.
game-hours: 2361.2
review: Nice game
game-hours: 2.3
review: Do not download this game waste of tme if you ask me. If you are a Magic-Gamer then get it otherwise its a waste of time.
game-hours: 1944.7
review: This game is ing . You ers might as well move to Brazil and Russia.
game-hours: 2493.3
review: Now I cant play any other game because they are not Dota!
game-hours: 2095.9
review: OF COURSE
game-hours: 1255.9
review: Best farming simulator.
game-hours: 434.1
review: Getting shouted at in Spanish about something you did wrong never gets old.
game-hours: 1000.5
review: Good Game
game-hours: 1982.1
review: cyka blyad uebeke pashel na hui ebal mamku v rot sin osla  cyka blyad uebeke pashel na hui ebal mamku v rot sin osla  cyka blyad uebeke pashel na hui ebal mamku v rot sin osla  cyka blyad uebeke pashel na hui ebal mamku v rot sin osla  cyka blyad uebeke pashel na hui ebal mamku v rot sin osla
game-hours: 1732.8
review: yes
game-hours: 3069.0
review: Davai, !
game-hours: 470.7
review: i liked this game because of the stunning graphics but i dont like is some of the other players is useless or noob :(
game-hours: 492.2
review: the best game ever...
game-hours: 1348.2
review: gg
game-hours: 6.4
review: Simply, SUCKS
game-hours: 442.7
review: diwang
game-hours: 307.3
review: this game is for pro players only .. we need to train hard and work hard :D GLHF !
game-hours: 1474.6
review: i like it
game-hours: 910.6
review: best strat game ever !!!
game-hours: 1104.6
review: what nice GAME PLAY
game-hours: 2474.2
review: awesome!
game-hours: 738.8
review: So you look at this game's store page and you're like "This looks like a fun game." So you download it and start it up. So you play a few games against bots and have fun, a few more against bots but with real people on your team. You're thinking "Wow this is a real fun team building game!" But you aren't ready to be up against real people you think so after training for a month and getting over a hundred hours played you think you're ready. You put down your prefrences: US West Server, English speaking people only, and you hop into a game. After six minutes you find a game (finally!) and after loading into the game you see your teammates' names.   38, ,  , and  . "Well those aren't English at all" you think to yourself, Your enemies all have English names though. Anyway into the game you go, 3 of your teamates go middle, 1 goes bottom and you are at top, there is no courier by the way. The 3 at mid are arguing in some language you don't understand and the one at bottom is afk. Within 10 minutes your team's T1 and T2 towers are gone, the enemies' towers aren't touched also   has just abandoned for being afk and in a few short minutes the others will abandon leaving you to be killed multiple times. The people on the other team are saying "I feel bad for you son" and other such things. After you lose you try another game, thinking that this one will be different. It's not. you try again and again look for a game that you aren't matched with foreign speakers that are terrible or you win so quickly and easily it's boring. But you never do, and you can't quit now you're to deep in. You've caught the bug, can't stop playing, you are devoted to finding that one game that isn't a disapointment, will you ever find it though? probably not. all in all it's a good game 10/10 would reommend.
game-hours: 1644.4
review: ruined life.... 10/10 would ruin life all over again
game-hours: 1748.4
review: this game is fun and interesting to play, definitely recommned to my friends :)
game-hours: 3.7
review: If you hate having fun, this is the game for you!
game-hours: 1319.0
review: Best moba out there. I played dota first, then lol for 1,5 years, but when dota 2 came out, i swtichted to it. No regret at all, balanced, hardcore gaming. A real challange.
game-hours: 2285.7
review: It will take every second of your free time, and that will never be enough. Totally recommend .
game-hours: 288.9
review: Its the most well made geme ive ever played and it gaved me a uniqe experience that i didnt had in most of the games of its kind .
game-hours: 1716.2
review: Good
game-hours: 1175.6
review: I love DOTA 2. It has quickly become my most-played game on Steam and I feel like I've barely scratched the surface of all there is to experience in it. Despite being limited to one map, the game still feels extremely large and always offers a brand new challenge with every match. With so many heroes to choose from, and so many crazy combinations for teams, I have a feeling that I'll still be learning the basics of this game for a long time coming. I can't write a DOTA review without mentioning the competitive aspect of the game. I'm a huge fan of esports, and have been following various scenes since 1997. I've watched the production values of these scenes increase slowly throughout the years to the point where there is enough media coverage and hype to reach nearly anyone. With DOTA2, I feel that things are taken to a whole new level. The in-game interface itself makes it very easy to view the latest big tournaments and watch them live from within the application WITH commentary. You can watch the games using a guided camera, or you can take control of the camera yourself and track your favorite player, all while the commentary is running in the background to give you constant updates of the action. It's phenomenal and it's another big reason why I'll be playing this game for years. In short, yes you should definitely give this game a try. No doubt about it.
game-hours: 1496.4
review: VERY NICE
game-hours: 957.5
review: nice2!
game-hours: 616.2
review: Ruins my life 10/10
game-hours: 0.8
review: Awesomenauts rip-off 10000RP/10
game-hours: 1995.2
review: awsome game!!
game-hours: 135.4
review: #szarjtk#mindenki_cigny
game-hours: 0.3
review: league of legends is way better!
game-hours: 1040.5
review: my favorite game
game-hours: 618.3
review: Because LOL is gay and for noobs :P
game-hours: 892.7
review: I like playing support because I enjoyed getting yelled at and bossed around.
game-hours: 551.1
review: One of Best Game in the World | DOTA. Thanks Valve, Thanks Steam
game-hours: 1146.4
review: Play with me . I'll try to make us win :D
game-hours: 6127.9
review: Really awesome. Totally addictive. A little strange at first from DOTA 1, But well worth it. ICEFROG has done a great job with keeping DOTA 1 up to scratch with DOTA 2, so was an easier transition than would have otherwise been. Great job DOTA 2 and VALVE team. Love it. Keep up the great work.
game-hours: 353.8
review: This game is one of the best game I've ever played. Once you can taste the victory of winning, you'll starve for more///
game-hours: 325.6
review: This is a game
game-hours: 4003.2
review: prosikit only can play this
game-hours: 1592.2
review: Doporuuju :)
game-hours: 1383.0
review: A, THIS GAME IS FUN AS . THERE'S DRAGONS N' . ING DRAGONS. IF THAT DOESN'T SELL YOU ON THIS GAME MAYBE THE FACT THAT WHEN YOU KILL ANOTHER A THEY IN MAKE IT RAIN GOLD ALL OVA' YO , SON. BUY THIS . WAIT...ITS FREE. DOWNLOAD THIS  AND BUY IT. DON'T CARE HOW, JUST DO IT.
game-hours: 433.6
review: :))
game-hours: 2535.9
review: kie game apik. download bae walaupun mandan gede. nyong yakin kowe2 pada seneng. apik lah intine
game-hours: 3429.5
review: Best game ever! :D
game-hours: 1097.6
review: 3/10 how do i ge t a refund
game-hours: 460.0
review: Dear viewers, Have you played League Of Legends? Did you love the game? Well, In that case Dota 2 might be the game for you! It's a free to play game with lots of items and lots of heroes. So go download it here on steam and try it out!
game-hours: 29.5
review: Dota 2, Awesome game! Pros: Nice graphics Nice playability, lots of characters Combat is Great Nice Items Cons: Some characters are OP The loss of points for leaving a game (frustrates me!) Overall: 8.5/10 Will play again!
game-hours: 151.2
review: I think I shall never play, a game as lovely as Dota2. A game which requires a lot of time, to fight your enemies and allies on chat behind. A game that you can play all day, and rage quit when you get doomed in game. A game which has many cosmetics today often noobs bought for heroes they can't even play. This fragments are made by 3k MMR Schrub like me, and its time for you to commend me.
game-hours: 1540.7
review: dota dla zadrota
game-hours: 1342.0
review: Once you start you never stop, and you fail your exams, and your future depends on dota.
game-hours: 150.2
review: Dota 2 is a very friendly game. It has a very happy community that all speak English and want to help you. it is easy for beginners, this game will get those socks of yours knocked right off. If you play this game, you are a very cool individual. Unless you play Meepo, Juggernaut, Wraith King, Viper or Venomancer in which case  YOU  YOU  YOU  YOU WRAITH KING YOUR ING ULTIMATE I SWEAR TO GOD IT'S SO ING ANNOYING OH MY GOOOOOOOD Sven is best hero
game-hours: 2062.1
review: a game full of noobs . if u want to break your head into wall this game work good . best matchmakings and best team ever .
game-hours: 865.0
review: good game and happy playing
game-hours: 1415.3
review: great
game-hours: 2541.1
review: Ruined my life. 5 stars.
game-hours: 3321.4
review: Dota 2 is an awesome game, there is just a few bugs to sort out. the ar and sd modes are a bit un-balanced.
game-hours: 982.8
review: Nice gamic
game-hours: 1783.0
review: awesome graphics awesome gamplay better then league of legends
game-hours: 56.0
review: If you are looking for a MOBA I would highly suggest you download this Game as it is sequel to one of the best and one of the first MOBAs ever and unlike other Free to play MOBAs with this one you are not required to pay for other heroes/champions you start off with all heroes available to you. The way Valve makes money off the game are skins which are cosmetic items which are not required to be purchased and are only there for looks Overall I would definately recommend this to anyone as It is Free to play and doesn't have a pay to win model. Anyways pick it up when you can! 10/10
game-hours: 1607.6
review: THE MAINTAINANCE
game-hours: 5700.2
review: awesome
game-hours: 891.5
review: One of the best games I have played.
game-hours: 2792.6
review: LIke
game-hours: 2492.5
review: Dota 2, is the best game to see ppl raging. Welldone volvo.
game-hours: 888.5
review: If u dont know Dota 2 yet, then u r so LUCKY!! Dont EVER start playing this!! its worse than drugs!! it will ruin ur life!! it is too addictive i can't stop playing it.. please stop me im wasting my beautifull life.. T_T STEAM u must build a rehabilitation center to cure Dota 2 addictive T_T icefrog u suck gimme back my normal life T_T
game-hours: 2273.2
review: I was attacked by a band of half naked men with axes,they beat me unconcious and then screamed at me in russian. 10/10 best real life simulator.
game-hours: 2012.6
review: addiction
game-hours: 2554.1
review: GG WP!!
game-hours: 220.5
review: LoL, please die in hell. Enough said. 10/10
game-hours: 2353.7
review: It was one of the first big free-to-play games, and one of the first big multiplayer online battle arenas, or MOBAs. But going on five years later, League of Legends still holds firm as an example of excellence. With its amazing variety of Champions, rewarding progression systems, and fast but intensely strategic team play, it easily hooked me and refused to let go. That addictiveness and competitive spirit, combined with a generous free-to-play approach and frequent updates from developer Riot Games, has created one of the biggest and liveliest gaming communities anywhere. Like most MOBAs, League of Legends main attraction is its five-on-five matches on its staple three-lane map. Called Summoner's Rift, this map is brightly and colorfully designed, and it creates a distinct playstyle with the way its dense brush allows you to conceal yourself and surprise enemies. I particularly love how the distinctive jungles on either side of the central river are filled with NPC monsters that give buffs to players who take a break from battle to go on the hunt  its a constant temptation to risk venturing into the other teams territory to attempt to steal their buffs. The choice between engaging the other team directly or attacking their resources allows for interesting strategies and depth beyond simply fighting until one Champion or turret is dead. Inside each team's base also lies an Inhibitor which, if destroyed, causes the opposing teams side to start spawning super minions. Its an extra strategic objective to target in the enemy base, and having one more building to take down often leads to exciting and game-ending team fights. From Ziggs, the bomb-loving little rat, to Jinx, the blue-pigtailed maniac, its electrifying to coordinate with your team to mow down your opponents and push lanes with Leagues Inside each team's base also lies an Inhibitor which, if destroyed, causes the opposing teams side to start spawning super minions. Its an extra strategic objective to target in the enemy base, and having one more building to take down often leads to exciting and game-ending team fights. As free-to-play games go, League of Legends is a model of generosity. Though it doesnt give everything away like Dota 2 does, it serves up a weekly rotating selection of 10 Champions for free, and you can purchase and play with any of the 117-character roster for a reasonable price of between two and eight dollars each. Yes, that adds up to a princely sum if you intend to buy every single character, but theres no need to buy more than you intend to actually play. The Champion rotation is a nice way to try before you buy, and helped me to pace myself by learning just a few characters at a time. You can also unlock every Champion at a satisfying rate without spending a penny, which is not only fulfilling, but it sets League apart from the type of free-to-play game that deliberately makes it impractical to play at a competitive level for no cost. Since many players opt for a completely free experience, its exciting when the roster changes and pushes the community to try out fresh characters and new strategies. If you want to go a step further, you can buy cosmetic skins for every character. They can be pricey, but each skin has tons of detail, and its impressive that most of them come with unique spell effects and animations. My Panda Annie skin, for example, changes the little pink-haired girl into a mini-geisha of sorts, and her ultimate ability calls down a panda version of her grizzly bear, Tibbers. (Yay, Tibbers!) In the opening minutes of a match, League's Champions distinguish themselves with lots of low-level area-of-effect abilities that make killing minions quick and easy. Unlike some other MOBAs, there's no way to attack your own minions to deprive your enemy the experience and gold, making it simpler to focus on other tasks, like getting last hits. The absence of those denial tactics definitely takes a competitive aspect away from League, but it's one that's often frustrating. I dont miss it. Relative to other MOBAs where management of special-ability juice (magic points, in this case) is key, I also enjoy how often abilities are available for use in League. Its awesome being able to constantly harass opponents with spells rather than having to worry about conserving them all for one crucial moment. But that doesnt mean abilities dont matter. Some of the strongest attacks are skill shots (projectiles requiring precise manual aim), and failing to hit your target can have catastrophic, game-changing consequences in team fights. From simple slows to huge Super Mega Death Rockets that travel across the whole map, snagging enemies with these moves while dodging theirs is a giddy thrill. The importance League of Legends places on these skill shots helps set its style of action apart. You dont lose any money when you die in League, making it easier to save up for new weapons and armor in the item shop. The item selection is decent, but most players always seem to rely on you to build your character using expected items, like The Bloodthirster or Rabadon's Deathcap. Straying from the recommended builds doesn't make you useless, but some of these might as well be called required items instead of recommended, considering their power. On the bright side, this means spending less time shopping and more time playing. Also, the recent addition of a variety of Support items, like The Frost Queens Claim and Talisman of Ascension which grant passive gold, are a good move in the right direction for diversifying builds. It might be easier to coordinate unusual item builds if League had built-in voice chat. Unless youve set up a TeamSpeak/Ventrilo/Mumble/Skype/etc call with your pre-arranged team before joining a game, the only ways to communicate are via text, which often goes unnoticed, or through four alerts to indicate danger, on my way, missing, or assist me. Nothing sucks more than watching a crucial surprise attack slip through my fingers because a teammate was too busy to see me pinging. At least when your team falls so hopelessly behind 20 minutes into a 40-ish minute match that four of five teammates agree its all over, the handy surrender option prevents you from wasting time fighting a losing battle. Even though you play on the same few maps with similar items, theres so much depth and strategy going on that no two matches of League of Legends ever feel the same. Its distinctive style encourages surprise attacks and frequent use of skill-shot powers, and its colorful art style makes everything pop on the screen. Learning how to make the most of its characters and to become an asset to a team is a long and challenging process, but once youve got it down, its incredibly satisfying to work together to destroy your enemies in this amazing MOBA.
game-hours: 935.7
review: Made me a sad, racist person with a desire to hoard as much stuff as I can so I can show it off later. 10/10
game-hours: 15.4
review: Birthed from a mod of one of my personal favorite games of all time, DOTA 2 keeps pace with the titan that was the original. With an updated breath of graphics, gameplay mechanics, and sound this game takes its place among the other major players in this genre with ease. While this game stays true to the original mod it does so with many great improvements making a gaming experience hard to walk away from.
game-hours: 1702.4
review: hi
game-hours: 1307.9
review: dota (defense of the ancients ) is a action rts game, a great esports platform, a fun game to play if you just know the mechanics of this great game. 10 random players choose from a strong hero pool with different powers and the players have to cooperate with each other understand the extremities of the game. Leadership,Forgivness,Sacrifice and great strategy is required for the win or you end up losing and wasting an hour or two. The only drawback is a steep learning curve but when finally you learn this game you will just love this and play all day. It is also a great way to connect with players of the world a large community supports this, So a word of advice PLAY HARD DIE HARD GO PRO.
game-hours: 1446.4
review: This game shouldn't be ignored if you're not a casual gamer. Just like every other valve game: Exelent! + Generous "Free to play" system + Extremly teambased game (Teamplay decides mostly the victory) + Every round is different = Very long playable + Customisation + Sound, music and voices + Epic feeling/atmosphere + Pro gaming orientated + Private matches + Bots are exactly following their difficulty (easy bots are easy, impossible bots are your nightmares) and are intelligent + Many characters, who are voiced to show that they have a personality and backstory. Every character is different to another. They react/express themselves with the kills, deaths, team mate characters, enemy characters (espicially Kunkka and Tidehunter, Clockwerk and Tinker, Crystal Maiden and Lina("You were adopted"), etc. ) + Roles (Carry, Support, Lane-Support, Disabler, Ganker, Nuker, Initiator, Jungler, Pusher, Roamer, Durable) +/- Steep learning curve: Depends if you like an intense game or not. - One map - One gamemode - Some players are not playing in their local server - Low on polygons Remember: The difficulty of this game is high and frustrating, but as soon as you mastered it, you'll be rewarded with great games.
game-hours: 1044.8
review: good game but LoL is better cuz you dont have to deny so positioning becomes more important so its a more skilled game. also all this channeling times in dota2 are so long i have to wait foreva time is money lolol. btw many dota2 champions are just copies of the LoL versions. there are some cosmetic items in dota2 but i think they do not change very much i prefer to confuse my opponent with skins so they do not know which champ im playing when i do my skilled ganks. its ridiculous that you have to spend almost the half of your all the gold you earned in one entire match for a in blink (its an item with this ability called blinkdagger) and cant chose it at beginning. nobody would buy such a crap item that does not even give any damage or stats lololol. see you in LoL broz <3
game-hours: 487.6
review: No words to express its GREATNESS!!
game-hours: 90.0
review: Better than League of Legends...
game-hours: 1918.3
review: DOTA IS THE BEST..
game-hours: 4827.9
review: Based on my experience this is the most appealing and feature rich MOBA ever. It has its edges but it is very good balanced (around the "make everyone very good at something" philosophy) and has a very fair free to play system, the fairest I ever experienced and, compared to my adventures to other MOBAs it has a great community (compared to other genre it is a bad community).
game-hours: 1060.9
review: This is cool n great game... nice game
game-hours: 1852.3
review: Causes family problems, weight gain, inactivity. Best game ever 10/10
game-hours: 1848.7
review: Played a bit of it, It's okay i guess...
game-hours: 464.9
review: Ruining my life one game at a time in kotol
game-hours: 852.4
review: Melhor substituidor de pepecas atualmente.
game-hours: 1137.7
review: BURNING
game-hours: 1.8
review: this game is for fat people. 10/10
game-hours: 1895.4
review: Very addictive Its animated pieces makes you to feel that so are in a real war and you must fight to protect your king....I am so in love with this game.
game-hours: 2130.4
review: Excelente jogo, um dos melhores que ja joguei senao o melhor; Porem dificil para iniciantes e uma pessoa ruim no time pode estragar uma partida
game-hours: 2.4
review: Hey Dota players, League.
game-hours: 2592.5
review: i love this game very much its imazing game i dont know why and i recommend this game to anyone have good brain :]
game-hours: 1188.9
review: Game is fun.
game-hours: 713.4
review: this game dota 2 is very nice
game-hours: 4221.5
review: awesome game
game-hours: 1962.7
review: Vicious as !
game-hours: 3202.4
review: never !! game is good but ranked match makin sucks all noobs  this game
game-hours: 464.2
review: At first I didn't really thought I would like this game because I didn't really played this kind of game genre. So at first I looked at gameplay on youtube and still thought I wouldn't like it. After a couple of invites from a friend I decided to give it a chance and I played it. After a short period I was very exited about the game and now I am kind of addicted... :)
game-hours: 404.7
review: we dem boys
game-hours: 1.1
review: ;P
game-hours: 2549.2
review: i love DOTA! good game and so addictive!
game-hours: 3711.1
review: Interesting ~
game-hours: 576.8
review: THis is a good game, but it could do with a little more cleavage especially in the female and some depending on the character also males. I would recommend it to anyoen who is 12 and likes to rage at new team mates.
game-hours: 6933.8
review: if you wanna find father or meet real , you should play this game, sooo good game for ppl 3-105 years category)))
game-hours: 1202.8
review: Best game ever! :)
game-hours: 715.8
review: I just want to start with, that this is one of the best games I've EVER played. The first RTS-esque game I ever touched, was Warcraft III. I remember playing it together locally with my big brother and a friend of ours. So my brother, fell for this game; League of Legends, too at the time I was a big fan of the musician with the name of Basshunter. So I had to try LoL too, it was free, what had I to loose? My interest for it. Right away. It wasn't as action-filled, or exciting like the games I played at that time; Minecraft and Call of Duty(sorry). So yeah, I was more the 'FPS-guy'. But about a year later, a friend of mine got a free BETA-copy of the game, Dota 2. He wasn't especially good at it, and probably ruined a game or two for his teammates, though it sure was fun! A other friend of mine got it from him, it was nothing special about it, but after all, they started to play together. A day, when a friend was over on a sleep-over, he had this bunch of copies of the game, so I asked him, might I have one? And he said yes, like it was obvious. Eventhough I only had watched the cinematic trailer(which was damn awesome) and listened to Basshunters song, it felt damn promising. And finally, my to already-playing mates, invited me to play a match. My first hero was Sven. I picked him for his looks, but he was a truly badass character, now Sven is my personal favorite, and best played hero. Well... I suppose the game didn't go so well, and I lost my hopes for it. But a month later, I was back in the track; and I enjoyed every single second of that match. The akward satisfication I felt inside when I was auto-attacking creeps. Now I play Dota 2 alot... ALOT. And I felt since September this year, I've felt that I've learned alot by watching pro-matches, professional players like Purge, and by playing the game in general. Being a pro-player is a target I really want to reach, which I think is worth going for. Dota 2 is a very fun and competetive game that has its up and downs, but is pure entertaintment.
game-hours: 1841.6
review: No doubt it is one of the most popular game :)
game-hours: 1312.5
review: =]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]
game-hours: 193.4
review: Awesome free play
game-hours: 1662.4
review: Best and Worst game ever. This game ing changes you.
game-hours: 609.7
review: O-O
game-hours: 742.9
review: Nice game for Nice player
game-hours: 28.1
review: Sweet trading.
game-hours: 542.9
review: good game
game-hours: 682.3
review: Simulate the immagration crisis in the US with Valve continuation of the beloved series, DotA 2. Even when playing only in US servers you can still find yourself playing with people from all over the world. Experience aliens from Mexico, China, and Russia border hop into your game and be unable to function as a team due to the language barrier. Ever wanted to be called a  in 7 different languages, some youve never even heard of? Well now you can, try today!
game-hours: 1987.7
review: This game is ok. Only 22 playable warriors, team death 8 v 8 is fun I guess, this is an okay FPS lots of animals but yeah, you guys should try it, This game is very similar to "Bakugan Battle Brawlers (Video Game)". Also this game has a guest character, the guest character is James Bond, TIP: don't use his knife, it got nerfed in the recent free expansion.
game-hours: 2.6
review: lol lepszy ;']
game-hours: 5214.3
review: The public matchmaking is terrible, and the community within is also terrible. However, the game and the pro scene are great.
game-hours: 1.0
review: 0/10 WTF is wrong with Russia?
game-hours: 4639.1
review: Best game of the Steam /    !
game-hours: 687.7
review: ggwp
game-hours: 672.0
review: =D
game-hours: 1108.6
review: One of the best games ever , 10/10 .
game-hours: 1391.3
review: ,
game-hours: 1290.6
review: Pretty good
game-hours: 6.4
review: Guys seriously stop kidding yourselfs. I've had been playing video game since the early 80's and this is one of the worse. The gameplay is not fun at all hell even WarZ is far superior to this pile of filth and WarZ is bad the four guys that I was playing with were like myself and sentiments as I did we immediate uninstalled after 4 games. this game should be and free, complete waste or time.
game-hours: 3016.9
review: best game ever,,
game-hours: 2068.2
review: Wanna play Doto? See you around next year.
game-hours: 34.2
review: 10/10 Never bored this game!
game-hours: 439.5
review: You can learn a lot of things playing Dota 2: - you can learn to speak russian - you can learn how to swear in russian - you can learn how to hate russians - you can learn how to change your matchmaking region - you can play dota with no problems. 10/10
game-hours: 887.9
review: Say goodbye to your life!!!! :P
game-hours: 1242.9
review: addictive
game-hours: 1763.4
review: Best way to waste your life and/or learn Russian 10/10
game-hours: 1280.0
review: I Love This Game <3
game-hours: 1973.0
review: Addictive, Challenging and a Timeless Game.
game-hours: 117.1
review: aw
game-hours: 1790.9
review: i like dota2
game-hours: 695.1
review: Best russian simulator! 10/10
game-hours: 1827.8
review: Play this game when you are ing depressed when someone you really like suddenly disappears from your life, good ing excuse to throw game, throw people and throw reports everywhere
game-hours: 599.3
review: Join now
game-hours: 1557.9
review: Doto <3
game-hours: 170.1
review: i love this dota2 games
game-hours: 1765.2
review: very very very good game :)
game-hours: 21.5
review: game. unplayable. graphics are terrible. the controls are made for an snes controller. 5/5 would play again
game-hours: 1259.0
review: 10/10 This game will consume your life and your soul. I' m not even good at it yet.
game-hours: 356.4
review: Angry Russian Simulator 2014
game-hours: 853.4
review: Free to play
game-hours: 264.4
review: this game sucks massive  why would you even play it when happy wheels is free
game-hours: 2617.9
review: I love this game!!
game-hours: 1889.4
review: Great game, 10/10
game-hours: 410.6
review: COOOL GAME ;)
game-hours: 1675.8
review: -  ?     . Someone need a review? Here and so evrythind is understood
game-hours: 2210.8
review: This game is a black hole once you start playing. No matter how toxic the community is, as soon as you put more than 100-200 hours into the game you can't stop playing. This will become your life 0_0
game-hours: 2136.3
review: NICE GAME EVER
game-hours: 2239.3
review: This game sucks, I have no life anymore. I want my life back.
game-hours: 2535.9
review: competitive gaming !
game-hours: 2771.8
review: THIS IS FREAKIN' AWESOME !!
game-hours: 2260.5
review: wew
game-hours: 1.3
review: I learnt how to insult people in russian. 5/5
game-hours: 1297.7
review: Nice!
game-hours: 411.0
review: i want a set
game-hours: 2331.5
review: I play this game so much, I don't even remember what my family looks like anymore. 10/10 thank you Lord Gaben for this glorious game.
game-hours: 4292.8
review: wp
game-hours: 2687.2
review: BEST!!!
game-hours: 1617.4
review: Most people think that Dota 2 is about victory, if you ask me it is about FUN. Sometimes it is just vulgar, combative and contradictory. Overflowing with perversion and stupidity, that makes Dota 2 not only the game, but way of life.
game-hours: 26.5
review: Made me Russian and angry 10/10 call hax again
game-hours: 32.8
review: eh riot go back to making league of legends
game-hours: 1812.8
review: Best real time strategy game I've ever played. Try it !
game-hours: 1644.9
review: best game out!!!, Dota 2 4lyf <--- Ws the best game out. Now its just filled with   :(
game-hours: 169.1
review: This is a good game. :D
game-hours: 2109.5
review: Interesting custom items! mod your heroes...
game-hours: 1002.9
review: i love this game and its fun when play with team mates
game-hours: 1505.1
review: this game is good.. but if you play so much you'll be adicted.. like me xD
game-hours: 1371.5
review: porn hub
game-hours: 448.9
review: DOTA 2 is an entertaining and tactical game with a diverse roster of heroes. I reccomend this game for solo queue and STRONGY recomend it for team gameplay. Almost perfect besides the fact that the community is pretty mean to new players. 9/10
game-hours: 1473.6
review: One of the most epic games ever made, a total improvement from the original dotA. Equipments and couriers are also replaceable with our own ones to serve as a "costume" to make different heroes look better, what is even better is the trade feature that is added to the game, allowing players to take part in steam trading and learn about it but also lets players search and trade for their own wanted items! Awesome game, great graphics, user friendly controls, its just awesome. Although one bad thing is recently the dota 2 network has been having problems, so it is quite hard to not be able to play my favourite game.... 9/10
game-hours: 1198.3
review: Cool
game-hours: 1.7
review: I can not stress how bad this game is, no words can describe this crap that was put together by someone's five year old kid and said "hell, my kid smurt haha lul" and then valve secretly buys this game and "improves on it". Tell me, how in the world do you improve feces? Well, you don't, and valve will never know that because they released games like CS:GO, which is just a reskinned version of CS:S, also they added hat simulator aspects to get people addicted and shoving this  down your friend's throats. Will DOTA 2 ever have a downfall you say? Well, frankly it has, Russians are allowed everywhere, and Brazilians and Africans and spacemen, but why stop there? Why not add a reskin of a reskin? Oh wait, they have, and do... They even have different voiceovers. I can't stress how stupid the community is, everyone who has 3+ hours is already trying to find a simmilar, if not better game that looks like dota, for example League of Legends, which is a good game, if not great game, shunned by the DOTA 2 community as evil. Hell, I have seen DOTA 2 fans hate StarCraft 2 because it was a RTS game, it makes no god damn sense. I actually did like one thing about DOTA 2, and that was uninstalling it, I had so much fun, you guys should try it too! But really, this game is running on so much swag and yolo, it will be more hated than the... actually it is one of the most hated game aready, if you remove Halo and COD out of the way at least. -Trace PS: This game is bad, and you all should feel VERY bad!
game-hours: 509.4
review: You can pay to learn russian or you can play Dota 2 for free 10/10 geef mana
game-hours: 2000.0
review: Dota 2 is not for everyone. Don't get me wrong, this is personally a time consuming game. If you're planning on going to play a match before you go to bed in 10 minutes, you must be mistaken. This game has so much to offer to the players. They have their own market for you along with Team Fortress 2 type of things, but that's another review I have to write. Dota 2 has so many characters you can play as, it's mind blowing. 98, to be exact. This is a strategetic game that I think is a must-played game by all gamers if possible. This is an exact type of game some game companies should look at and see how much success they've had for the past few years. I am excited for the events they have been coming up with as if Frostivus, I know, it was canceled... again. I'd have to recommend this game to almost anyone who has games in their blood. I give Dota 2 a full on 9.5/10.
game-hours: 2136.3
review: NICE GAME EVER
game-hours: 719.8
review: Great game takes a while to get into but once u do you'll be hooked for life
game-hours: 618.6
review: I have been playing this game since Im 11 years-old. And someday. I want to be in the international.
game-hours: 897.4
review: Rip-off of Legend of Zelda, cant jump or sprint 10/10 ruined my life
game-hours: 1.0
review: 0/10 WTF is wrong with Russia?
game-hours: 4639.1
review: Best game of the Steam /    !
game-hours: 1526.3
review: easy to understand. easy to learning. hard to play. Just keep calm and farming hard.
game-hours: 3276.2
review: A hard-to-master and challeging game this one. If you ever hope to enjoy this game you ll have endure the "great" community of perfectionists, learn using the various guides of the respective heroes but most importantly by experience (pretty much doing the same thing over and over until you re almost perfect). This way you re going to find out even with the increased difficulty of the game you ll be seeing yourself enjoy Dota 2. PS : Make sure you start playing with friends who played this game more than you do in order to advance a litle the learning phase.
game-hours: 935.7
review: At first the game was ok,a little bit .The community wasn't bad either,I had a lot of  while  with my russian friends.Then it became sort of an ,and I was playing like a mad man.Then it      ,and I was playing with even more  .They aren't as ,   ,but they can ruin the matches .  ,   language,which might ,   ,   .  ,   ,      ,  .
game-hours: 830.5
review: i'm 24 hours in and still don't know what i'm doing 10/10
game-hours: 643.3
review: Killed a bunch of people for no reason. 10/10
game-hours: 793.6
review: Well, it's better than League.
game-hours: 129.5
review: Not for noobs
game-hours: 4297.3
review: Everyone pick carry, No one buys courier or wards, russian feeds the enemy team and calls you a noob.ggwp
game-hours: 1258.8
review: Best language learning tool on the internet. Learn to speak Spanish, Russian, Portuguese, all for the low price of your self-esteem and faith in humanity. Ruined my life. 10/10 best game ever. Worth it
game-hours: 2877.1
review: ,     .
game-hours: 2830.1
review: i love this game,goodluck all gamers long live <3
game-hours: 1099.4
review: This game wont make anyone bored... I have playing Dota 2 for almost 920 hours and i never get bored ~ even if it the same map and the same concept. this game combine strategy and team work and skills all at once, timing and knowledge of the items... players in lvl 1 can beat lvl 200 ~ everyone here is equal and all the heroes are free to play. i think this game is the best yet i found that i can still play it all the time and never get bored cuz everytime i try something new~ new hero ~ new strategy ~ new items ~ and every time its new party to play with and a new combination of heros that you can try to combine the skills with. Most of the people see a MOBA game and just wont start to play it cuz they see the gameplay looks from the top (watch the character from up) and they think the game sucks~ i think its what makes that game a good game... you be able to watch your back and looks out for your friends. There also the option the add mods from workshop and get the game more funny adn try new stuff. Also you can play with different mode like : "least played" or "all random" and its make the choices of the heros more fun to play and learn (and the game mode have alot of options). I recommend everyone to play dota 2 and more recommend to play with friends and talk while the game... just keep positive feelings and be happy when you play ~ its just a game XD
game-hours: 8860.8
review: Trash game.
game-hours: 739.4
review: PLUSES: + A lot of kinds of heroes + Very interesting game, if your teammates and enemies are normal people MINUSES: - There is only 1 map - Players with abusive nicknames (often russian,turkish and a few american players' nicknames) - I like Demigod more than DotA 2. Because, this game type used by Demigod at first time. - There are not achievements! Reason: Everyone speak about this game and I bored and tried this game.
game-hours: 723.9
review: Best MOBA -F&ck LoL -F&ck HoN -F&ck Infinite Crysis -F&ck ME
game-hours: 0.1
review: Great game to uninstall, 4/20 IGN
game-hours: 733.3
review: Good game!
game-hours: 448.9
review: DOTA 2 is an entertaining and tactical game with a diverse roster of heroes. I reccomend this game for solo queue and STRONGY recomend it for team gameplay. Almost perfect besides the fact that the community is pretty mean to new players. 9/10
game-hours: 1617.4
review: Most people think that Dota 2 is about victory, if you ask me it is about FUN. Sometimes it is just vulgar, combative and contradictory. Overflowing with perversion and stupidity, that makes Dota 2 not only the game, but way of life.
game-hours: 26.5
review: Made me Russian and angry 10/10 call hax again
game-hours: 32.8
review: eh riot go back to making league of legends
game-hours: 1085.0
review: ^_^
game-hours: 3459.4
review: Ruined my social life. Thought I'd uninstall it and concentrate on having a social life. Had a proper social life for a bit. Started playing again because I thought everything would be okay now. Never in my life have I been so wrong. Social life destroyed once again. 11/10.
game-hours: 2298.8
review: A freshly released new MOBA game thats currently the most played game on steam- Dota 2. A sequel to its great successor - Defense of the Ancients. A wide variety of dedicated server selection by regions will merely make a difference as the game is flooded with russians. Oh, you thought you had it bad at HoN or LoL? Prepare to rip your balls off when you realize that on US servers 3 of your teammates are from russia. PRIVET. While you rage at your teammates youll constantly have this feeling at the back of your head - if russians run from russian servers how bad is it there? Pretty god damn bad I assume. If you manage to team up with 4 of your friends the game is quite enjoyable. Wide variety of heroes will constantly keep you entertained aswell as interesting additions to the droppable item pool that allow stat tracking and changing appearances of heroes of your choice in game. A splendid graphics and physics engine makes Dota 2 currently the best game of its genre. 9/10.
game-hours: 1282.1
review: 10/10 would waste time on instead of productive work
game-hours: 3171.0
review: good game :)
game-hours: 647.1
review: BEST LANGAUGE TOOL IN EXISTANCE I'VE LEARNED OVER 2,000 RUSSIAN WORDS AND HOW TO SPEAK SPANISH BY PLAYING THIS GAME, IT'S FREE ALL IT COSTS IS YOUR SELF ESTEEM AND FAITH IN OTHER HUMAN BEINGS 10/10 WOULD RECOMMEND TO ROSETTA STONE S.
game-hours: 1674.4
review: We demand a Russia server in another client. Sincerely, all EU players.
game-hours: 3171.0
review: good game :)
game-hours: 647.1
review: BEST LANGAUGE TOOL IN EXISTANCE I'VE LEARNED OVER 2,000 RUSSIAN WORDS AND HOW TO SPEAK SPANISH BY PLAYING THIS GAME, IT'S FREE ALL IT COSTS IS YOUR SELF ESTEEM AND FAITH IN OTHER HUMAN BEINGS 10/10 WOULD RECOMMEND TO ROSETTA STONE S.
game-hours: 1674.4
review: We demand a Russia server in another client. Sincerely, all EU players.
game-hours: 2268.0
review: I don't think I'm having fun, but I keep playing anyway. Help me.
game-hours: 1040.9
review: .
game-hours: 2676.3
review: i love dota 2 ist an amazing game
game-hours: 4692.6
review: I dont know how to close the game pls help
game-hours: 1234.7
review: I didn't know what to write about in my review, so here's a recipe for pancakes instead: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour 3 1/2 teaspoons baking powder 1 teaspoon salt 1 tablespoon white sugar 1 1/4 cups milk 1 egg 3 tablespoons butter, melted 1. In a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, salt and sugar. Make a well in the center and pour in the milk, egg and melted butter; mix until smooth. 2. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake. Brown on both sides and serve hot.
game-hours: 71.5
review: Most played game in the world.
game-hours: 782.0
review: Brilliant Game - Love the competative scene I hope they continue to delveop it in a posative way. - Try it, It is hard but if you have a passion for gaming you won't quit. - Play with friends! -TeamWR
game-hours: 169.1
review: This is a good game. :D
game-hours: 2109.5
review: Interesting custom items! mod your heroes...
game-hours: 1345.8
review: play it
game-hours: 684.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 2420.9
review: dota2 is fun and it makes my stress go away.
game-hours: 3009.8
review: dotal leg of legin has dotal jungle time four but dotal jungle only has dotal jungle times TWO basically im saying that leg of legin is better gmae thx u!
game-hours: 374.4
review: Dota 2 is better than LOL
game-hours: 2227.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 1892.5
review: my fav game ever.
game-hours: 2185.8
review: a tool to see how much you've wasted your life, hated other people, lost faith and made new enemies 10/10 would techies again
game-hours: 1091.3
review: HoL.PasteLink: i ing hate dota HoL.PasteLink: everyone sucks but me HoL.PasteLink: except when i suck HoL.PasteLink: literally the worst pile of garbage ever made HoL.PasteLink: 10/10
game-hours: 3434.0
review: DOTA2 BEST MOBA GAME IN THE WORLD!       ValveThank U
game-hours: 1.9
review: It gives you back your virginity
game-hours: 910.9
review: The best MOBA in the world. I recommend everyone to play.
game-hours: 6206.2
review: okay game needs more bug heroes though
game-hours: 687.7
review: ggwp
game-hours: 3016.9
review: best game ever,,
game-hours: 2068.2
review: Wanna play Doto? See you around next year.
game-hours: 34.2
review: 10/10 Never bored this game!
game-hours: 439.5
review: You can learn a lot of things playing Dota 2: - you can learn to speak russian - you can learn how to swear in russian - you can learn how to hate russians - you can learn how to change your matchmaking region - you can play dota with no problems. 10/10
game-hours: 466.1
review: If you like flaming to those idiot russian players dota 2 is the correct game for you
game-hours: 607.6
review: Good
game-hours: 2305.1
review: great strategy game
game-hours: 1734.6
review: nice...
game-hours: 532.4
review: nice...
game-hours: 869.7
review: this is my favorite game
game-hours: 150.3
review: protip: if you are not english, play on an english server. It will guarantee victory. Jk its a great game. :)
game-hours: 1514.1
review: Good game well played!
game-hours: 1662.0
review: This is a game for those who have microskills...
game-hours: 1228.6
review: ITS VERY AWESOME!!!
game-hours: 1557.9
review: Doto <3
game-hours: 170.1
review: i love this dota2 games
game-hours: 1765.2
review: very very very good game :)
game-hours: 21.5
review: game. unplayable. graphics are terrible. the controls are made for an snes controller. 5/5 would play again
game-hours: 5900.9
review: Dota 2 is AWESOME!!!
game-hours: 342.5
review: Its really fun when you get a good round, but I promise you, if get in to a match against Sniper, Zeus, or Riki, you will honestly want to format your hard drive, sell your PC, and use that money for crystal meth becuase you feel is you do that you could be as good as purge or dendi...Trust me, i've come close. 10/10 -Informed Gamer
game-hours: 1281.5
review: Win or Lose like it
game-hours: 648.1
review: nice games :D
game-hours: 814.4
review: I recommend this game
game-hours: 1105.8
review: Like this game, cant stop playing it!
game-hours: 1515.4
review: great game
game-hours: 7.4
review: this game is better than obama
game-hours: 1385.9
review: please don't ever play this
game-hours: 116.9
review: Dota 2 the game where foreigners yell at you and complain how bad you are, along with a couple of words that you have never heard before in your life. 11/10
game-hours: 26.7
review: This is the est game i have ever played you get disconnected every 2 seconds and it is too unplayable
game-hours: 1559.1
review: Anything I would say about Dota 2 could be fairly represented by my hours on record.
game-hours: 366.4
review: still the best moba games.. better than HoN and LoL
game-hours: 1470.1
review: Very good game. It has a big learning curve, but worth the try.
game-hours: 1974.5
review: the best game...i very like dota 2
game-hours: 903.4
review: Sampat saat ini, Dota masih menjadi Game paling rame untuk saya. Saya mulai bermain Dota dari umur 8 tahun. 9 Tahun bersama Dota :)
game-hours: 556.8
review: this game is horse scheibe
game-hours: 1651.5
review: Never playing again. Such a bad game. 69/420
game-hours: 6291.6
review: hmm.. not bad la
game-hours: 288.3
review: who br here
game-hours: 643.3
review: Killed a bunch of people for no reason. 10/10
game-hours: 653.2
review: cykude- blyat'storm
game-hours: 1651.0
review: Ruined my life, 10/10
game-hours: 1971.1
review: Amazing game. Replayable.
game-hours: 560.6
review: Each character has a terribly underpowered melee attack that eventually becomes only useful in smashing crates, a Special Move that (as far as I can tell) just makes your character glow, and an arsenal of unremarkable ranged weapons.
game-hours: 2830.1
review: i love this game,goodluck all gamers long live <3
game-hours: 1099.4
review: This game wont make anyone bored... I have playing Dota 2 for almost 920 hours and i never get bored ~ even if it the same map and the same concept. this game combine strategy and team work and skills all at once, timing and knowledge of the items... players in lvl 1 can beat lvl 200 ~ everyone here is equal and all the heroes are free to play. i think this game is the best yet i found that i can still play it all the time and never get bored cuz everytime i try something new~ new hero ~ new strategy ~ new items ~ and every time its new party to play with and a new combination of heros that you can try to combine the skills with. Most of the people see a MOBA game and just wont start to play it cuz they see the gameplay looks from the top (watch the character from up) and they think the game sucks~ i think its what makes that game a good game... you be able to watch your back and looks out for your friends. There also the option the add mods from workshop and get the game more funny adn try new stuff. Also you can play with different mode like : "least played" or "all random" and its make the choices of the heros more fun to play and learn (and the game mode have alot of options). I recommend everyone to play dota 2 and more recommend to play with friends and talk while the game... just keep positive feelings and be happy when you play ~ its just a game XD
game-hours: 8860.8
review: Trash game.
game-hours: 739.4
review: PLUSES: + A lot of kinds of heroes + Very interesting game, if your teammates and enemies are normal people MINUSES: - There is only 1 map - Players with abusive nicknames (often russian,turkish and a few american players' nicknames) - I like Demigod more than DotA 2. Because, this game type used by Demigod at first time. - There are not achievements! Reason: Everyone speak about this game and I bored and tried this game.
game-hours: 723.9
review: Best MOBA -F&ck LoL -F&ck HoN -F&ck Infinite Crysis -F&ck ME
game-hours: 1526.3
review: easy to understand. easy to learning. hard to play. Just keep calm and farming hard.
game-hours: 3276.5
review: A hard-to-master and challeging game this one. If you ever hope to enjoy this game you ll have endure the "great" community of perfectionists, learn using the various guides of the respective heroes but most importantly by experience (pretty much doing the same thing over and over until you re almost perfect). This way you re going to find out even with the increased difficulty of the game you ll be seeing yourself enjoy Dota 2. PS : Make sure you start playing with friends who played this game more than you do in order to advance a litle the learning phase.
game-hours: 935.7
review: At first the game was ok,a little bit .The community wasn't bad either,I had a lot of  while  with my russian friends.Then it became sort of an ,and I was playing like a mad man.Then it      ,and I was playing with even more  .They aren't as ,   ,but they can ruin the matches .  ,   language,which might ,   ,   .  ,   ,      ,  .
game-hours: 830.5
review: i'm 24 hours in and still don't know what i'm doing 10/10
game-hours: 1021.7
review: Be careful! This game is addictive, is not a joke!
game-hours: 19.7
review: ing s leagues better MWAHAHAHAAHA
game-hours: 1486.3
review: Yes, is very fun, I twerk all over this gaem
game-hours: 1439.9
review: I had a life before this game... I had a wife and 3 beautiful kids but they left me... and now all that keeps me warm at night is my legendary items
game-hours: 1531.6
review: love love love
game-hours: 1258.8
review: Best language learning tool on the internet. Learn to speak Spanish, Russian, Portuguese, all for the low price of your self-esteem and faith in humanity. Ruined my life. 10/10 best game ever. Worth it
game-hours: 2877.1
review: ,     .
game-hours: 2378.1
review: The major problem I have with Dota 2 is that both teams can't lose.
game-hours: 1801.7
review: Fu*k Dota! 10/10
game-hours: 4572.7
review: THIS IS THE BEST LANGUAGE LEARNING TOOL IN THE WORLD DISCOVER A VAST ARRAY OF CULTURES AND LANGUAGES INCLUDING: RUSSIAN, MEXICAN, BRAZILIAN AND MORE MEXICANS LEARN TO COMMUNICATE TO OTHERS IN A PROFFESIONAL AND RESPECTFUL WAY WITH THE GREATEST LERANING TOOL OF ALL... DOTA 2
game-hours: 3133.4
review: Future of Gaming
game-hours: 2708.1
review: This is all my love! Love u Doto
game-hours: 18.3
review: ing three years of league and this game is ing aweful. The last hit animations blow, no characters worth a damn without two items, and the power spikes come from ing nowhere. ing if you want to painfully learn how to last hit in this specific game, and to last hit (deny) enemy minions, go for it. This is just the  version of league.
game-hours: 1679.7
review: Amazing game, everyone should try it. Only thing you will see me play :* I also learned from a friend that everyone who speaks spanish is mexican. Additionally, it ruins your life and make you forget that time exists until its 2 in the morning and you need to wake up in an hour.
game-hours: 4637.8
review: I started playing Dota since i was 14. Dota is a team game, so team work is a must Dota has taught me a lot of things, you can only be good at something if you focus on it, learn from mistakes, be aware of your surroundings, trust your instinct, use common sense, trusting on your team to always have your back, believing in your capabilities, always try to be better than you were yesterday. I mostly playing supports in Dota. I learn playing support role from good guide but it just teaches you the basics. I have spent my time playing for 3000+ hours, and I realized, I have spent 3000+ hours of my life in a best game ever. After all, I recommend this game to everyone who wants to experience pain, suffering, and torment because at the end, you will come to a sudden realization that things are always bound to get better.
game-hours: 2493.7
review: I hate this ing game.
game-hours: 1074.5
review: Nice.
game-hours: 2106.9
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 1650.5
review: nice
game-hours: 945.3
review: verry verry good
game-hours: 1558.7
review: dota2
game-hours: 845.4
review: , !
game-hours: 1388.5
review: <3
game-hours: 735.0
review: /watch?v=7AzKuP7NNpM 10/10
game-hours: 413.9
review: Teachers warn you about drugs. You know, weed, cocaine and heroine. They forgot to mention Dota 2. Will ruin your life, teach you new languages and make you lose faith in humanity. 10/10 Favorite game of all time.
game-hours: 4335.9
review: Very addicitive. Extremely fun!! Might ruin your life in the process >_> Awesome voice acting, amazing graphics, lots of heroes to choose from.
game-hours: 1568.4
review: its ok
game-hours: 2499.7
review: If you have friends this game is super fun. If you dont have friends you're going to get yelled at a lot by mexicans and russians.
game-hours: 1017.9
review: When i started playing, i noticed there is a lot of russians... Bit by bit those monsters started to  my brains. After a while  got used to . They started calling me   . I think  . Then i started to    . Now   . I        .. Please  ..
game-hours: 81.1
review: this game is like counterstrike except it sucks and valve actually cares about it
game-hours: 2936.0
review: US East is my favourite Russian server to play on.
game-hours: 178.3
review: DOTA 2 is a game of strategy and skill far superior to any free 2 play game i have tried so far
game-hours: 2051.4
review: play this !
game-hours: 3641.9
review: This game is the most op thing in the world. 100% lifesteal passively. You won't find that kind of stuff anywhere else. Took my breath away. 10/10
game-hours: 1.9
review: It gives you back your virginity
game-hours: 910.9
review: The best MOBA in the world. I recommend everyone to play.
game-hours: 6206.2
review: okay game needs more bug heroes though
game-hours: 3430.8
review: better than league.
game-hours: 1002.9
review: i love this game and its fun when play with team mates
game-hours: 1505.1
review: this game is good.. but if you play so much you'll be adicted.. like me xD
game-hours: 1371.5
review: porn hub
game-hours: 37.5
review: !            (  - )     .            (, - )    - -  !        . ALARM!  2  . .
game-hours: 0.3
review: /10, would rather touch a feminist's hand and that's saying something
game-hours: 15.9
review: This is a great game and I would recommend it. But Also warn people that a large part of the community can be very harsh. They seem alot quicker to insult you then to help you. I enjoy the game, but the lack of support from the other players usually is what makes me over look this title and skip to something else.
game-hours: 1388.8
review: Eat, Sleep, Dota2, Repeat !!!! :>
game-hours: 1269.0
review: This is the bestest game ever... ur agrument is invalid
game-hours: 171.2
review: ,   Dota 2? Dota 2-      . Dota 2-    Shadow Blade(). Dota 2-     . Dota 2-       . Dota 2-          . Dota 2-                  . Dota 2-    Dota 2-    "RAMPAGE"     ,    Dota 2-      ,          600  Dota 2-   Dota 2-     Dota 2-       c Shadow Blade   Dota 2 10   10
game-hours: 2570.3
review: Steam xp
game-hours: 1450.8
review: none Me eglo
game-hours: 1834.6
review: This game ruined my life. 5 stars
game-hours: 1353.6
review: What can I say, all my friends are addicted, therefore it's good! :D
game-hours: 2875.1
review: This game really fun, and need some work to play it well. More than 100 heroes, each has different skills, and you must memorize all of them. Hardest game ever.
game-hours: 3143.1
review: pit of hell, once u fell on it there is no exit
game-hours: 1489.5
review: This is a great game but some times it is too scary. I rate this game at 5 bags of popcorn.
game-hours: 1381.2
review: Best game ever, period.
game-hours: 506.6
review: What the  did you just ing say about me, you little ? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and Im the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the  out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my ing words. You think you can get away with saying that  to me over the Internet? Think again, er. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre ing dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and thats just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable  off the face of the continent, you little . If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your ing tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the price, you  idiot. I will  fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre ing dead, kiddo.
game-hours: 10.5
review: Pretty good game if you have aspergers. That's the only redeeming factor.
game-hours: 624.8
review: very2 important game to me .. nice
game-hours: 2113.0
review: Sehr gute Umsetzung des DotA Mods. Das beste MOBA Spiel weit und breit. Bereitet einen sehr viele spaige und deprimierende Spielstunden. Das ist auf jeden fall kein Spiel, das man alleine spielen sollte (Gefahr zu Hoch Spieler ins Team zu bekommen die kein Englisch knnen und/oder rassistisch und unkooperativ sind). Schnapp dir ein paar Freunde und spielt als Team. Sonst echt empfehlenswert! .................................................................................................................. Very good implementation of DotA mods. The best MOBA game far and wide. Prepare a lot of fun and depressing hours of gameplay. This is definitely not a game that you should play alone! (High risk players in the team who can not speak English and / or they are racist and / or uncooperative). So catch some Friends and play as a Team. Otherwise really recommendable!
game-hours: 2041.0
review: Good game
game-hours: 871.8
review: I started playing this game awhile ago, thinking it was a little fun game I could play from time to time. Turns out when you download Dota you agree to sell your soul to Satan and in exchange you get people who don't speak English on US servers, supports that either feed or don't support, and the worst of all, you have people that are actually good at the game (scary, right?). Of course I have friends to play this new game with. I hate all of them. I'll probably never get a job and will die of starvation because I play Dota "420/69 or in simpler terms 9/11" -me
game-hours: 1000.3
review: The hype is real; DoTA 2 is the #1 game on Steam. Need I say more?! Go get involved in the game that has swept the gamer community! GLHF! ;D Want to know more? Visit my YouTube channel! I feature plenty of DoTA 2 gameplay! :)
game-hours: 1.4
review: 10/10 ign
game-hours: 282.3
review: one of the best games I have ever played and It is unbelievable
game-hours: 9.4
review: Played my first game, got called a dumb*** 10/10
game-hours: 3724.9
review: Dota 2 = 10 people thinking they are the best one and blaming their mistakes on others.
game-hours: 1643.0
review: please admin handle people who like say bad trash we play for fun
game-hours: 96.5
review: realy good my mum luvs this its realy educatinal i like it all my freind say im good at the game and that makes me feel nice and i want to keep playing for aaaaages and my freinds does too and we always laugh and smile when we win
game-hours: 3343.0
review: I lost my life and my family to this game but it is ok for I am chad ~Chad
game-hours: 0.4
review: Steam-  -     .
game-hours: 7070.5
review: good
game-hours: 12.2
review: best moba there is!
game-hours: 1941.4
review: Gra dla noobow
game-hours: 2397.3
review: One of the best games I ever played and I don't even like mobas but this is great.
game-hours: 2756.6
review: Nice
game-hours: 1014.7
review: ruined my life, five stars
game-hours: 756.2
review: Overextended. Was ganked by the enemy courier.
game-hours: 2270.9
review: Okay well about two years after my first review I thought it was a good time to revisit this. This is by far the best"free" game out there(I have spent too much money on tourney tickets and .) And any of you losers still playing League of Legends really need to take a step back and think about your life. Are you ever going to take off the training wheels and step up your game? Probably not, because you've become too used to "baby's first dota" and the thought of having access to all the heroes is too daunting and youd rather only have the small pool of "free" heroes to select from. Because you don't like having fun. And you like spending money on things that should have been free from the start. If you dont want to buy cosmetics or tourney tickets then all this game will cost you is your sanity and your faith in the human race. 11/10 would sacrifice firstborn to continue to play
game-hours: 3093.0
review: I haven't played much, it seems okay so far.
game-hours: 1817.1
review: this game so great, I love this game, everybody should play this game, this game so immortal, youll meet another people in another country, have friends, teamworks, full of fun and so much more !!
game-hours: 489.6
review: superly recommended this game for rts fan
game-hours: 2621.3
review: Altamente estratgico, dinmico, entretenido. Posee una curva de aprendizaje algo extensa en comparacin a juegos del mismo gnero.
game-hours: 1066.7
review: Nice game. .
game-hours: 204.4
review: Best strategy with the worst player shuffle balance system.
game-hours: 269.1
review: Well playing alone is really fun , play it with friends it's ultra fun , you will spend hours and hours having good time.
game-hours: 3582.2
review: Perfect Strategy game i have played yet and still loving it :) will recommend to everyone
game-hours: 585.1
review: If I want to give a review of this game in a nutshell, it would look like this: "The game is good, the community of players is bad, unforgiving and unwelcoming." First of all: if you don't want to play something, in which players become insulting-machines saying their favourite words "noob, feeder, report", then don't play this game, because you will turn into a nervous-wreck person in a short time, and will find yourself already punished just because you are a beginner, who just completed the tutorials. All of this because the players take this game bloody serious, and they can't play for fun, but only to get kills, and win the round. So I warned you: if you want to even try this game's pvp out, then you should have a lot of patience. (and with that, I mean A LOT) Now let's get into the game itself: Note: if you already played League of Legends, then you may think, that is all the same. Well, partly it's true, partly it isn't. Dota (2) and LoL may have the same goal, but they are actually very different in game mechanics, rules, and some other things too. Believe me, I've tried both games. /Note Unfortunately, the first DotA wasn't in my life, even tough I did play Warcraft 3. So yes, I still realized the changes for some heroes' look, and found some of them, who I liked to use in WC 3 (insert a short smile). Personally, I like this game. Even tough, I have an old pc, on which the graphics looks awkward (with missing textures even from the map), the game can be runned, and played well. The game sets on only one map, but with more than a hundred playable heroes, this only map can become re-playable for a very long time (I still would like to see more maps in the future). I don't really know, what more could I say about the game itself. Now did I say, that I like this game? Yes, I actually did, because itself is pretty good and spectacular. However, there is something, that makes me very disappointed: the player-community. And I don't want to say anything more about it, since I've already told a lot about it, in the beginning. I'll still recommend it, because the game isn't guilty to have that harrassing and unwelcoming community.
game-hours: 1655.2
review: so awesome
game-hours: 539.4
review: I bought an courier
game-hours: 1511.1
review: SIMPLY THE GREATEST LANGUAGE LEARNING TOOL ON THE INTERNET. ROSSETA STONE CAN  ITSELF. LEARN TO SPEAK SPANISH, RUSSIAN, AND PORTUGUESE FOR THE LOW LOW PRICE OF YOUR SELF-ESTEEM, SANITY AND FAITH IN OTHERS. 10/10 WOULD PLAY 1000 MORE HOURS
game-hours: 1855.8
review: Everything from the previous DotA is in here, with changes in UI and key mapping makes it easier to get addicted to, but I hope that Techies, Phoenix & Arc Warden will be featured soon enough!
game-hours: 728.3
review: Dota 2 is more better about the visual and effect...!
game-hours: 696.0
review: Superr COoooolllll!! :)
game-hours: 5229.2
review: The complexity, variation, the reward for thinking outside and inside the box makes this one of the best games I have ever played.
game-hours: 2621.3
review: Altamente estratgico, dinmico, entretenido. Posee una curva de aprendizaje algo extensa en comparacin a juegos del mismo gnero.
game-hours: 1066.7
review: Nice game. .
game-hours: 204.4
review: Best strategy with the worst player shuffle balance system.
game-hours: 1014.7
review: ruined my life, five stars
game-hours: 756.2
review: Overextended. Was ganked by the enemy courier.
game-hours: 2270.9
review: Okay well about two years after my first review I thought it was a good time to revisit this. This is by far the best"free" game out there(I have spent too much money on tourney tickets and .) And any of you losers still playing League of Legends really need to take a step back and think about your life. Are you ever going to take off the training wheels and step up your game? Probably not, because you've become too used to "baby's first dota" and the thought of having access to all the heroes is too daunting and youd rather only have the small pool of "free" heroes to select from. Because you don't like having fun. And you like spending money on things that should have been free from the start. If you dont want to buy cosmetics or tourney tickets then all this game will cost you is your sanity and your faith in the human race. 11/10 would sacrifice firstborn to continue to play
game-hours: 1040.3
review: one of my favourite games. best of all: it's free. warning: when you download dota, you are signing up for an abusive relationship.
game-hours: 959.1
review: Free To play This Game Play Now
game-hours: 477.7
review: You can understand russians in 2 weeks. 10/10
game-hours: 2099.4
review: having fun.
game-hours: 594.6
review: Very good game, quite addictive. May look boring at the start because one doesnt know how to play though as you develop into better dota player you are bound to have fun. Awesome game overall.
game-hours: 219.9
review: best game ever
game-hours: 320.1
review: <3
game-hours: 534.5
review: i like this
game-hours: 3155.8
review: Im playing dota2 because i love to playing this and especiallly with my friends and we party together this game
game-hours: 999.0
review: This game Is better from Dota 1..that crap looking game have reborn into a flawless game ever
game-hours: 1205.5
review: I Love Dota2
game-hours: 2236.2
review: Rage simulator. 5 misfits riding 1 bicycle! Do have a life? Forget it, now you have Dota 2 and rares!
game-hours: 2472.9
review: like
game-hours: 430.1
review: Game is really cool..... until now my best online gaming experience... !
game-hours: 2872.8
review: <3 this game
game-hours: 2792.0
review: 10/10 RUINED MY LIFE
game-hours: 3680.0
review: abc
game-hours: 1177.1
review: :))
game-hours: 3054.2
review: DOTA 2 is sport !!
game-hours: 2161.9
review: How to English :D
game-hours: 1939.0
review: Made me hate Russia, Brazil, and Peru 10/10
game-hours: 1617.9
review: I feel like my life is finally complete with Dota 2. It allows (almost) everyone to have a great time, make new friends, and to discover amazing skills, combos, strategies, and much more. By far the best game I've ever played. If you're looking at this now, get this game. You won't regret it. Good luck, and have fun!
game-hours: 670.9
review: one of the best game :)
game-hours: 1798.2
review: dota 2 leka
game-hours: 2451.2
review: this game so cool
game-hours: 1361.7
review: 10/10 this game decided for me that I do not need a girlfriend!!
game-hours: 1040.3
review: one of my favourite games. best of all: it's free. warning: when you download dota, you are signing up for an abusive relationship.
game-hours: 959.1
review: Free To play This Game Play Now
game-hours: 5.8
review: Solid evidence of extraterrestrial life controlling earth through media.
game-hours: 2878.4
review: A best game
game-hours: 696.4
review: The best thing about DOTA 2 is its player vs player action. The worst thing about DOTA 2 is its player vs player interaction. All and all great game 10/10
game-hours: 1346.5
review: yes this is the best game ever
game-hours: 2023.6
review: i like the graphics and effects
game-hours: 1099.2
review: Game is good, it has potential .. but players are in most cases immature, angry, rude kids
game-hours: 1565.9
review: You think LoL is better? Get out, why? They're both MOBA's, don't compare them just because of that. LoL and DotA2 are both great games. (I've been playing LoL recently) Dota 2 (Defense of the Ancients 2) is a fantastic MOBA game where teamwork is highly recommended, you have your three lanes where you and your laning partner (unless you're middle, although you can duo-lane with IO or tri-laning) try to win the lane against the other team's laning heroes, this is what we call 'Early game' or the laning phase. Later on you will often roam around the map in order to help your allies get kills, usually after a few kills have been made and your team has nice farm (nice amount of gold/nice items), this is called 'Mid Game' And then beyond that point when you're near lvl18-25 is known as 'Late Game/End Game' where you will usually be close to destroying the enemy team's ancient. And then there's the classic "Base Race", that's when there are no towers or barracks defending the ancient on either team meaning its a race to end each others ancient first. Note: This is my first proper review and I did it half-heartedly as I just wanted to get back to the game itself. I want more people to like this. Here is music for you to listen to while you MOBA
game-hours: 1104.9
review: never give up just do it
game-hours: 22.6
review: Great game, would recommend to my friends. Besides the fact that its free-to-play, getting your friends to play, (or making new friends) is key unless you want to be stuck with annoying players who kick you for being insolent. Anyways, the community is far from perfect, but it isn't downright horrible either. It is in my opinion, pretty decent to say the least. 11/10 stole my friend's life and my life. He spent over a lot on this game.
game-hours: 1874.8
review: 8/8 m8
game-hours: 787.1
review: I do not want to be a troll, but recently I have left behind LoL to start playing DOTA2, and I do not regret this decision, since it has more in-depth at every fight when compared to LoL. Sure the community seems a bit more toxic then LoL's but I can get used to it, since all the time I do not write in chat and mute the flamers and wannabe's. Playing with friends it's more fun then alone and more rewarding, especially the events or being in a team. One thing I do not like about the game is the cost of the skins and items for the events. They are way to pricey. But on the other hand there is always discounts at the shop. To mention that the graphics are amazing and optimized since it is running on the SOURCE engine. See you on the battlefield champion! PS: If you want to do SOLO rankings prepare to learn Russian and how to delete DOTA from Steam. Do that at your own risk but I strongly suggest playing with friends.
game-hours: 4.7
review: Its good but it takes forever to get good at it P.S. if your not good at it the good player will just report you because there s... so its a good game but the community is ...your welcome
game-hours: 346.0
review: An awesome game!
game-hours: 696.0
review: Superr COoooolllll!! :)
game-hours: 5229.2
review: The complexity, variation, the reward for thinking outside and inside the box makes this one of the best games I have ever played.
game-hours: 4561.9
review: SIMPLY THE MOST PERFECT GAME TO EVER GRACE THIS PLANET.
game-hours: 2965.6
review: Nice game , you must try it ;)
game-hours: 348.7
review: No quick scope, no jumping, no pot breaking, no one shotkill backstabbing? What kind of modern game is this? If I want to play a games with friends where everyone hates each other, I'd rather play Mario Kart. You can beat this game in 30 minutes to an hour, but a lot of people have over 1000 hours, they must really suck or something. Thankfully it's free, or else I wouldn't pay a single cent for this. And also I don't get why there are 107 characters. Why can't there just be one ultimate character and just play it through? And ultimately, why am I forced to learn Russian or Portuguese in order to understand half of this game? 10/10, would not place any wards again.
game-hours: 537.2
review: Alright so when i first got the game i thought cool, but now everytime im not playing it my computer starts showing me pictures of hitler, spams the sieg heil sound and keeps opening and closing the disc tray if im not ingame. 6000000/6000000
game-hours: 316.9
review: It started with an innocent how to play video. Then a few more matches. Then a few more. And then a blur and I suddenly have 139 hours logged in a months time. I think I am starting to look like Lifestealer from all the time I have spent slouched over playing this game. 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 10.9
review: Gg.
game-hours: 1242.3
review: litterally the best game ever, thats all i need to say
game-hours: 1627.8
review: If you want a game where you can organize fights and win 100% of the time with strangers. This is not for you. Aside from the constant trash talk and a very long losing streak it is quite and enjoyable game. For the first hundred games you will probably the feeder or the one everyone wants to pass the blame on. But as you get past that you either play your role to win or lose. Want to learn some basic russian or perhaps some random language you never even heard of before. This is the game you komrad. Oh yes you can always report random people for absolutely no reason LOL!
game-hours: 2366.8
review: It's ok
game-hours: 899.5
review: Made me racist towards Russians and Peruvians. 11/10, would play again.
game-hours: 544.1
review: top listed game to play
game-hours: 1779.8
review: the most popular onlien game
game-hours: 2425.5
review: What the  did you just ing say about me you ing noob? Ill have you know I have a 6K MMR main account, and Ive been involved in numerous secret ambushes on hard carries, and I have over 9000 confirmed ganks. I am trained in landing my skill-shots and Im the top CS'er of the entire China player-base. You are nothing to me but just another 2K MMR scrub. I will wipe you the  out with aggression the likes of which has never been seen before on this server, mark my ing words. You think you can get away with saying that  to me over the Internet? Think again, noob. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of pubstompers across the world and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare to get stack-sniped, feeder. The stack that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your Dota 2 life. Youre ing dead, kiddo. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and thats just with my auto-attacks. Not only am I extensively trained in hardcore farm battles, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the ganking and pushing line-ups and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable  off the face of the server, you little noob. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your ing tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the price, you  idiot. I will  fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre ing dead, kiddo.
game-hours: 16.8
review: Played Dota 2, went into my first PVP match without knowing the game. Was called a , , er, dickwad, dumbass, ,  sucker, chode-licker, dumb-, , and many more insults. Best community 2014 8/8
game-hours: 1.3
review: I would rather shove a pineapple up my  then play this .
game-hours: 3121.5
review: very game much fun
game-hours: 2910.1
review: thsi game is a pecie of sht dont get ti.
game-hours: 572.7
review: very nice game
game-hours: 1011.7
review: good game
game-hours: 638.9
review: A scripted but fun Point and Click adventure game. You travel to far off lands like Russia and Brazil. The puzzles can be tough but just use a walkthrough and you should be fine.
game-hours: 773.7
review: feeding simulator 2015 2.0
game-hours: 1140.3
review: game is hard
game-hours: 1134.4
review: dota 2 has changed my life to be patient,commited,punctual and etc
game-hours: 927.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 975.7
review: so nice
game-hours: 453.6
review: Good Game Well Played! :3
game-hours: 543.7
review: the best game ever!
game-hours: 553.3
review: .
game-hours: 2880.3
review: Full of Peruvians and Brazilians and Russians and antigamers. game is bad 8/10
game-hours: 3087.1
review: it's ok.
game-hours: 1492.5
review: great game
game-hours: 3093.0
review: I haven't played much, it seems okay so far.
game-hours: 1817.1
review: this game so great, I love this game, everybody should play this game, this game so immortal, youll meet another people in another country, have friends, teamworks, full of fun and so much more !!
game-hours: 539.8
review: RUSSIAN KIDS SIMULATOR 2014
game-hours: 232.9
review: ,     .  ...
game-hours: 1089.8
review: What can I say... - Awesome graphics - Awesome skills and spells - Awesome developer - Hard to learn - Replayable, replayable, replayable
game-hours: 1117.2
review: Great game! Steep learning curve though, really separates the new players from the veterans! All in all- 9/10 One problem...you can't jump :(
game-hours: 927.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 1099.2
review: Game is good, it has potential .. but players are in most cases immature, angry, rude kids
game-hours: 842.0
review: !! dota 2 is fun !!
game-hours: 282.8
review: A timeless game which keeps evolving into a more entertaining and challenging. Addictive and irresistible. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 643.4
review: Deym this games is great (Y)~!
game-hours: 1344.3
review: This is Br
game-hours: 1273.8
review: ...
game-hours: 3270.3
review: one of the best game and popular in the world
game-hours: 2561.2
review: this game so good
game-hours: 703.2
review: This game has given me tourettes syndrome and made me into a racist. It destroys the last possibility of you seeing female breasts ever again, and it definitely ruined my life. 10/10 would recommend
game-hours: 1060.1
review: 10/10 would listen to everyone rage again
game-hours: 1426.7
review: jajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajaja report u
game-hours: 197.3
review: I recommend this game for all the gamers out there, It's like running your own business. Na aalala ko nga nung labas ko sa dati kong pelikula na kasma ko si Mr. Ronaldo Valdez,
game-hours: 1519.4
review: reommendeeeeeeeeeeddddddd
game-hours: 826.7
review: zzz nice
game-hours: 2529.3
review: o
game-hours: 1340.1
review: best game ever
game-hours: 378.6
review: The best  Blyat simulator out there
game-hours: 3990.4
review: 40   (    6 )    3     1 12 5                ,                 600                2       .
game-hours: 1331.5
review: More addictive than coccaine
game-hours: 1016.9
review: ,   .   .
game-hours: 3477.2
review: This game is trash do not play it.
game-hours: 0.7
review: This game is bad. Anyone who plays it should feel bad....
game-hours: 2327.7
review: Literally....this game can steal your life away if you let it.
game-hours: 0.8
review: No no, of course I'm not being told to write this review against my will. No one is standing behind by back with a gun talling me what to write. It is my own opinion that DOTA is in fact, leagues better than LoL (see what I did there), and no other party is swaying my thoughts. DOTA is love, DOTA is life. help me.
game-hours: 0.1
review: Now seriously, why would I waste my time with this?
game-hours: 621.8
review: My Dota 2 Experience: -Get  teammates -Lose by sniper -Lose power/connection -Get reported -Get low priority -Repeat- What is this nonsense? 8.9/10
game-hours: 2222.7
review: this game is the best game u can ever burn ur boredness
game-hours: 7.7
review: You know how an Italian chef kisses his fingers and says something in Italian that translates to "A masterpiece" after tasting their own dish? That's how I feel about this game.
game-hours: 2867.7
review: i hate d game only coz of its ing updates.. and now my dota is not starting after an update it asked me to do... so i end up deleting this full of attitude game.. it can go  its low priority, its silly every second updates and all other laggy .. lol :P
game-hours: 1095.9
review: Totally Addicting *_*
game-hours: 782.3
review: Why do people get mad in Dota? I still don't get it, it's a game.
game-hours: 0.1
review: Now seriously, why would I waste my time with this?
game-hours: 2979.9
review: wow i play this game and i got glare on screen and then i think drow came and killed me and wow the  i dont understnd how tht happn like wow drow is so op i think the game unbalance and leag of legdegnds is better it free too so no gear but chest keys tho tru also the graphics suk
game-hours: 60.4
review: This game is not bad , it is hard to get use to play it , but it still okay , i liked it;)
game-hours: 0.3
review: Ok, a lot of "MLG PROS" and fanboys were butthurt at my original dota review, so here's my edit I guess. My main reason for hatred towards dota 2 is aside from it being Just another ing moba game Is this: Valve picked creating this game, over many, MANY others. Keep in mind Gabe Newell, and VALVE OVERALL. picked this game, over Stars of blood. They picked this game, over half life 3. They picked this game, over left 4 dead 3. And this is Just kinda spitballing BUT THEY PICKED THIS GAME, OVER MAYBE ING PORTAL AND TEAM FORTRESS 3. That's my honest reason on why I hate dota 2. It's Just a generic moba game when valve had TONS of other decisions. I expected more out of valve I expected more out of GABE NEWELL. When you FINALLY start working your fat  on said games instead of...this...I'll respect you again, but Even still, I will never forgive your ing decision.
game-hours: 207.0
review: -Pros: You can draw a  on the map. -Cons: Your teammates will report you for this. 9/10
game-hours: 2867.7
review: i hate d game only coz of its ing updates.. and now my dota is not starting after an update it asked me to do... so i end up deleting this full of attitude game.. it can go  its low priority, its silly every second updates and all other laggy .. lol :P
game-hours: 1445.4
review: A Dota a day keeps girls away; a Dota a day makes you become a gay.
game-hours: 1172.6
review: It's Dota. It's can't be good.
game-hours: 69.6
review: Get addicted and ruin your life! 10/10
game-hours: 1138.6
review: , *,  , *
game-hours: 740.7
review: Let's Play Some Dota 2
game-hours: 6050.2
review: REMOVE TECHIES remove techies you are worst techies. you are the techies idiot you are the techies smell. return to test client. to our lol cousins you may come our contry. you may live in the zoo.ahahahaha ,valve we will never forgeve you. cetnik rascal  but   techies stink icefrog sqhipere shqipare..techies genocide best day of my life. take a bath of dead techies..ahahahahahICEFROG WE WILL GET YOU!! do not forget ti4 .aateezy we kill the techies , artour return to your precious mongolia.hahahahaha idiot techies and icefrog smell so bad..wow i can smell it. REMOVE TECHIES FROM THE PREMISES. you will get caught. Gem+sentries+reanged hero+blademail=kill techies mine you will ww2/ pit lord alive in serbia, pitlord making album of serbia . fast rap pitlord serbia. we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of pitlord you are ppoor stink techie you live in a hovel hahahaha, you live in a dumpster pitlord alive numbr one #1 in serbia . the techies ,..k ashol techies no good i spit? in the mouth eye of ur flag and team. pitlord aliv and real strong wizard kill all the techies farm aminal with rap magic now we the dire rule .ape of the zoo icefrog fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and techies wa;s born. stupid baby form the eggn give bak our farm we will crush u lik a skull of pig. Peru greattst countrey
game-hours: 6350.8
review: this is a very helpful tool to learn how to dis or make a comeback other than ''your mom'' joke and you'll start to speak like a true russian no matter who you are and where you from. In the end, we all are russian DAVAI, ! P.S good game :) buy it even with your life
game-hours: 8.5
review: >open game >saw intro >thought would be the tf2 valve intro >saw the guy turn head > pants 10/10 would  pants again
game-hours: 1670.6
review: I'm so ing good at this game. 1v1 me and find out, dweebs.
game-hours: 1603.8
review: ruin my life and wallet 11/10
game-hours: 0.4
review: Good 1111111111/5
game-hours: 1830.9
review: Slightly less harmful than a crack addiction. 10/10.
game-hours: 0.4
review: how do i even play this
game-hours: 3024.0
review: Huge learning curve but one of the best games on steam once you learn it. 9.5/10
game-hours: 4001.7
review: An excellent alternative to Rosetta Stone. During your first 100 hours you can expect to learn how to communciate with and insult people in multiple different languages including - but not limited to - Russian (!!!!), Brazilian (CALA BOCAAAA), and multiple Chinese dialects (). If you enjoy playing games that rely heavily on communication with people who don't speak a word of English (noop) despite selecting US East (South America North) or US West (Russia East) as their prefered server then dota is the game for you. The learning curve is steep so make sure not to give up if you don't do well during your first few games. Improve quickly by selecting a hero by slamming your face into the keyboard, calling mid lane, and using all your spells to quickly kill the creep. Don't forget that you can buy kitty ears from the in-game store to make your favorite character look cuter and give the illusion that you are good at the game.
game-hours: 1095.7
review: Let's do it
game-hours: 477.4
review: ez game
game-hours: 1230.0
review: Recomended game from next warcraft
game-hours: 55.5
review: Never gonna give you up (because it will count as an abandon) Never gonna let you down (because the community will kill me) Never gonna run around (because someone will insta-kill me) And hurt you (because I am never able to kill anyone!)
game-hours: 1664.5
review: Best to download it and start playing!!! It's a addicting game, and very challenging. My advice for all players who want to win in this game is to have a good team that you can depend on. So best to create your own team than joining random players from other countries that you can't understand what their saying.
game-hours: 874.4
review: The best free to play game out there. 170 hrs in and still going strong. The PVP and tactical elements will keep you coming back. Take things with a pinch of salt for your first 5-10 hours. Expect to loose a lot, things will get better as you learn the mechanics, there are 100+ heroes after all.
game-hours: 2960.3
review: Guaranteed to make you hate your friends, in 5 games or less.
game-hours: 2.3
review: You will be ruined, you will be humiliated, you will be ashame of your self, but still you comeback for more. What have they done?
game-hours: 2510.6
review: the best game ever I have been played :)
game-hours: 1364.1
review: Good
game-hours: 7.7
review: Didn't knof what to do and got flamed by a bunch of russians. I cried and quitted the game. 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 6350.8
review: this is a very helpful tool to learn how to dis or make a comeback other than ''your mom'' joke and you'll start to speak like a true russian no matter who you are and where you from. In the end, we all are russian DAVAI, ! P.S good game :) buy it even with your life
game-hours: 1670.6
review: I'm so ing good at this game. 1v1 me and find out, dweebs.
game-hours: 1603.8
review: ruin my life and wallet 11/10
game-hours: 4198.1
review: lixo
game-hours: 2.4
review: Pure crusty  with spiders hatching out of it, while your grandmother masturbates over it fingering your grandfather's hemarroid filled  as your dog goes balls deep into the  with spiders laying eggs the size of walnuts in your eyeballs
game-hours: 3098.5
review: This game. OHHHH THIS GAME! THIS GAME IS RUINING MY LIFE! I was a happily married man, with 2 kids and one more on the way, when this game showed up. In almost no time at all, I found myself divorced, without custody of the kids, and without a job, ALL BECAUSE OF THIS GAME! THIS GAME IS EVIL! IT IS ADDICTING! THIS IS THE HEROIN OF THE GAMING WORLD!
game-hours: 2186.6
review: !           .       Valve. ,    Dota 2 .
game-hours: 6050.2
review: REMOVE TECHIES remove techies you are worst techies. you are the techies idiot you are the techies smell. return to test client. to our lol cousins you may come our contry. you may live in the zoo.ahahahaha ,valve we will never forgeve you. cetnik rascal  but   techies stink icefrog sqhipere shqipare..techies genocide best day of my life. take a bath of dead techies..ahahahahahICEFROG WE WILL GET YOU!! do not forget ti4 .aateezy we kill the techies , artour return to your precious mongolia.hahahahaha idiot techies and icefrog smell so bad..wow i can smell it. REMOVE TECHIES FROM THE PREMISES. you will get caught. Gem+sentries+reanged hero+blademail=kill techies mine you will ww2/ pit lord alive in serbia, pitlord making album of serbia . fast rap pitlord serbia. we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of pitlord you are ppoor stink techie you live in a hovel hahahaha, you live in a dumpster pitlord alive numbr one #1 in serbia . the techies ,..k ashol techies no good i spit? in the mouth eye of ur flag and team. pitlord aliv and real strong wizard kill all the techies farm aminal with rap magic now we the dire rule .ape of the zoo icefrog fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and techies wa;s born. stupid baby form the eggn give bak our farm we will crush u lik a skull of pig. Peru greattst countrey
game-hours: 7183.0
review: this game ing sucks
game-hours: 3098.5
review: This game. OHHHH THIS GAME! THIS GAME IS RUINING MY LIFE! I was a happily married man, with 2 kids and one more on the way, when this game showed up. In almost no time at all, I found myself divorced, without custody of the kids, and without a job, ALL BECAUSE OF THIS GAME! THIS GAME IS EVIL! IT IS ADDICTING! THIS IS THE HEROIN OF THE GAMING WORLD!
game-hours: 7.3
review: Hilter plays this game. Would you play it?
game-hours: 2263.3
review: The game inappropriately titled 'Defence of the Ancients (two)'- you do not defend ancients, but participate in a deathmatch game similiar to Call of Duty- is a blight on gaming. After playing the game for two and a half years I feel as though a malignant tumor has spawned within my brain, and it is growing. Gaben 'Icefrog' Newell (the 'genius' of the game) is praised as a God amongst the community, however, 'he' is actually a Succubus, conspiring with the other succubi to obtain the blood of the virgins whom entertain themselves with the game. Nevertheless, the game does have several redeeming factors. Firstly, the game will allow you to expand your vocabularly as when controlling a hero, they speak in a bloviated manner - using large words as if they were free. Phrases such as "I am a beacon of knowledge blazing across a black sea of ignorance" and not to mention the hero lores. Here is an exert from the currently titled (undoubtly going to change again) Outworld Devour's lore: "Imprinted deep in the shining lattices of his intellect lies a resonant pattern akin to prophecy, a dark music implying that eventually some evil will wake out there, beyond the edges of creation, and turn its attention to our world." Like what the  does that mean? It doesn't matter though, as I have benefited from things such as this by implementing them into essays. Secondly, the game allows you to socialize with fellow autists, forming a kind of autist convention where everyone discusses memes such as "S A D B O Y S" and "KOTL, Giff me Mana." This imminently creates a circle-jerk of a large magnitute. This is great however as you get to see some  & Balls Anyway,  game.
game-hours: 3498.1
review: only played a few games and yh it's alright i guess
game-hours: 4.3
review: Better than League of Legends. :P
game-hours: 834.6
review: Let me start this review saying that I like DotA, I've played a good amount of time, if you like strategy games, you'll probably like DotA 2. So why won't I recommend it? Simply. The community sucks. Hard. if you convince a friend to play and don't want him to give up, you must play with him in private lobbies, practice with him, teach him how to play each role properly etc. My girlfriend tried to play, she gave up after being heavilly insulted 2 times in a row because she made some mistakes... If you don't have experience with this kind of game (I don't like the term MOBA, but, yeah, games like League of Legends or Heroes of Newearth) be warned though, you MUST practice, watch videos about each hero and know your role if you want to have some fun when playing online. But for me, it doesn't matter how much I practice, I always end up in the same team with angry boys who can't enjoy the game because you are not playing the way he likes, so, after some time, I discovered it was better to play against bots with my friends.
game-hours: 669.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 999.5
review: Best Moba Game Ever
game-hours: 3623.1
review: This game for losers and asocial people.if you are asocial person,perfect game for you.There are many lifeless people in that game and system is so suck ..f you want to start that game,you can buy account with high level .it is good step for starting .
game-hours: 7183.0
review: this game ing sucks
game-hours: 4140.8
review: God,this game is awful,really.You can't even jump,third person view doesnt give you that feel that you have when you play gta,it doesn't have any achievements either.Honestly, this game. 2\10,wouldnt play another 3k hours.
game-hours: 205.3
review: Sucks as much as it did in warcraft 3
game-hours: 1537.5
review: It's a very good game! No doubt! Have a lot of players. Have a lot of fun! Teamwork, timing, strategies! But, there's some mini bugs in Customization section for certain items. Due to it's a free game, there's many game spoilers as well.
game-hours: 1533.2
review: if you like being addict to a game but still loving being addict to a game dotA 2 is the game for you
game-hours: 834.6
review: Let me start this review saying that I like DotA, I've played a good amount of time, if you like strategy games, you'll probably like DotA 2. So why won't I recommend it? Simply. The community sucks. Hard. if you convince a friend to play and don't want him to give up, you must play with him in private lobbies, practice with him, teach him how to play each role properly etc. My girlfriend tried to play, she gave up after being heavilly insulted 2 times in a row because she made some mistakes... If you don't have experience with this kind of game (I don't like the term MOBA, but, yeah, games like League of Legends or Heroes of Newearth) be warned though, you MUST practice, watch videos about each hero and know your role if you want to have some fun when playing online. But for me, it doesn't matter how much I practice, I always end up in the same team with angry boys who can't enjoy the game because you are not playing the way he likes, so, after some time, I discovered it was better to play against bots with my friends.
game-hours: 669.4
review: Where's FOV slider? Plus there are too many jews.
game-hours: 1090.0
review: nc game
game-hours: 46.6
review: awesome!
game-hours: 3623.1
review: This game for losers and asocial people.if you are asocial person,perfect game for you.There are many lifeless people in that game and system is so suck ..f you want to start that game,you can buy account with high level .it is good step for starting .
game-hours: 1521.3
review: It is a complete waste of time. It will suck up all of your free-time and lower your self-esteem greatly. You should never get this game if you intend to ever have a life or friends. 11/10 game of the decade
game-hours: 4.5
review: Another clone of that wacky warcraft map! A skill floor and ceiling about 1cm apart from each other. Play this or any of the many clones if you like to play video games for the sake of playing video games and not to have fun or get better at them. Cancer.
game-hours: 0.6
review: I ing hate this game it sucks
game-hours: 4.9
review: no wasd movement what the hell is this
game-hours: 691.0
review: My mild mannered, canadian friend got angry enough to call someone a nig**r. A long time casual acquaintance completely freaked out at me when I swapped positions with him at an inopportune moment. People get angry with me when I pick my favorite hero (Phantom Assassin), because she is somewhat mediocre and not used very much in professional play. People get angry with me when I don't pick Phantom Assassin, because she's the hero I've played most and have the highest winrate with. More than half of my games feature someone who does not speak English, or is muted. Earlier today I played a game where my team captain drafted me Crystal Maiden, and was confused when I complained about her poor, crippled appendages. She takes like a second to raise her staff and fire a super slow snowball at someone, walks around agonizingly slowly, and turns at the speed of a small locomotive. When I try to explain that this bothers me to people, they react with a curious mixture of confusion and horror. This is the dota experience, and changing it is unthinkable. I introduced two of my better friends in real life to the game. I think that one of them was more despairing during a game we played, than when his last girlfriend split up with him. But still, they play.
game-hours: 0.2
review: Its good game.
game-hours: 1576.2
review: i love it
game-hours: 256.4
review: :)
game-hours: 695.0
review: Good
game-hours: 2472.1
review: 10/10 ... IF IT HAD A REGION LOCK!
game-hours: 2265.9
review: time eater...failed exams :(
game-hours: 564.2
review: Great Game
game-hours: 308.5
review: Dota sucks
game-hours: 1935.0
review: Ruined my Life. 5/5 Stars. Noob Warning: If you like casual games, go play The Sims.
game-hours: 1859.5
review: Oh man, Dota 2. Don't get me wrong here at the negative review, hear me out first. I say with confidence that Dota 2 is an addicting MOBA game with great gameplay and fun. Then why the negative review you say? Well for one the community is scarcely better than Russia under Stalin. If you play on any server you must be 100% prepared for racism, s, jerks, and 12 year olds. Not only that, but even if you put your language preference as English, half the players you play with are obnoxious Peruvians. This does not make the game unplayable but can seriously piss you off. If you have played this game as long or longer than me you will understand this. Another bad thing is that I would willingly compare playing this game to a adrug addiction. You literally can't stop playing it when you start, and when life interrupts you, you will start to think Dota 2 is more important. THAT MY FRIENDS IS WHEN YOU QUIT THE GAME! I had to wean myself off of it for like weeks until I couldn't stand looking at the icon anymore, needless to say I uninstalled. MY ADVICE FOR NEW PLAYES: GET A FRIEND TO PLAY IT WITH YOU, AND DON'T BECOME ADDICTED! That is all
game-hours: 695.0
review: Good
game-hours: 691.0
review: My mild mannered, canadian friend got angry enough to call someone a nig**r. A long time casual acquaintance completely freaked out at me when I swapped positions with him at an inopportune moment. People get angry with me when I pick my favorite hero (Phantom Assassin), because she is somewhat mediocre and not used very much in professional play. People get angry with me when I don't pick Phantom Assassin, because she's the hero I've played most and have the highest winrate with. More than half of my games feature someone who does not speak English, or is muted. Earlier today I played a game where my team captain drafted me Crystal Maiden, and was confused when I complained about her poor, crippled appendages. She takes like a second to raise her staff and fire a super slow snowball at someone, walks around agonizingly slowly, and turns at the speed of a small locomotive. When I try to explain that this bothers me to people, they react with a curious mixture of confusion and horror. This is the dota experience, and changing it is unthinkable. I introduced two of my better friends in real life to the game. I think that one of them was more despairing during a game we played, than when his last girlfriend split up with him. But still, they play.
game-hours: 0.2
review: Its good game.
game-hours: 2610.2
review: ,  ,  3 .
game-hours: 256.4
review: :)
game-hours: 324.5
review: learnt more russian in 300 hours than I learnt german in 5 years 10/10
game-hours: 28.7
review: Gold farmer heaven.
game-hours: 1954.9
review: Destroyed my life. 11/10
game-hours: 0.4
review: WHAT IS THIS !
game-hours: 1292.8
review: I've been playing DOTA since DOTA 1 came up a decade ago. In DOTA 2, the game mechanic is quite balanced, every hero has its own strengths and weaknesses just like in the previous one. Definitely not a P2W kind of game. However, the solo MMR pairing is really awful. I dropped from 3k to 2k in just a week and forever stuck in this level no matter how hard I play. Here's a few suggestions that I could think of: -They should also consider hours of playing and K/D/A ratio instead of just MMR level to balance the pairing. -Players who got into low priority should get more severe punishment (e.g. longer period and add extra requirements to get away from low priority) so they would think twice before they trash-talk and not obidient. At this rate, a skill in par with TI players' is the only way to break out. Unfortunately, you need to play A LOT to get there. If you're really lucky, you could be paired with decent players, and that's a one big if. A casual gamer like me has no place in this game.
game-hours: 0.1
review: I played this game for 6 minutes. Out of those 6 minutes it took me 5 minutes to start the game, etc.. then i actually started pllaying the game and well... I ain't ever gonna do that again!
game-hours: 0.9
review: Bad game
game-hours: 398.3
review: The Best RTS i played so far (not mentioning Starcraft2). Hope a lot players would like it as well and play it properly unlike some other guys who just ruin all the fun :(
game-hours: 178.4
review: Dota 2 is a similar game to League of Legends, with some differences that make both of them unique, like how you can get couriers and have access to secret shops in dota while in LoL, there are summoner spells and masteries. However, this is a review about Dota and what the game is about, not a comparison about these 2 games. Dota is a MOBA game (Multiplayer Online Battle Arena), in which you are place in a team of 5 players to go against another team of 5 players with one main object, which is to obliterate the enemies towers, barracks, and finally, their ancient. All of you start at level 1 and all of you have to destroy anything in your path while trying to not have any casualties along the way, since the enemy who just killed you will gain lots of exp as well as some gold. As simple as it looks, it's not, as that there are many ways that your opponent can stop you from progressing, like the occasional ganks that happen from time to time. Aside from the basics of Dota, the game is really fun......unless there's that *sshole that'll keep calling you a noob or if there's that player that dies intentionally, but other then that, the graphics are good, controls are easy, and overall, the gameplay is great, so go on and download Dota and have fun.
game-hours: 580.0
review: 0/10 -worse than League of Legends
game-hours: 2790.6
review: 1/10 crap game wouldnt play. Legue of Lehendas is much better.
game-hours: 1981.2
review: recommended
game-hours: 13.3
review: i really like this engine its very cool hopefully rito buys it and puts my favorite game in it
game-hours: 1142.5
review: Bad.
game-hours: 532.4
review: Dota 2 is pretty good it is pretty hard to get a item sometime you cannot connect to server
game-hours: 325.2
review: One Of The Best Moba ever made! there is all sorts of mods and items (which i really loved because they have speial visual effects)! But the ranked is still new and i think it must be a little improved!
game-hours: 297.0
review: dota 2 is so cool!!
game-hours: 4485.7
review: IMMORTAL GAME
game-hours: 4899.1
review: my life!!!!
game-hours: 1542.6
review: riot first game launches their company straight to moon with they're fantastical sequal to legends of newerth to conquer the gaming industry . everyone go 5v5 n control a hero expect for meepo because he become not 1 not 2 not 3 but 4 except agh then not 1 not 2 not 3 not 4 but 5 hero . other than that there are many different forces involve to defend the ancient which is name of game but does not make sense because the aim of game is to destroy the ancient. maybe dota 2 stand for destroy of the ancient 2 because icefrog made mistake on warcraft 3. overall riot has done well to please every player imaginable to cannibal (naix) drunk ( pandaeren brewmaster) fem dom ( queen of pain ) alchemists ( alchemist ) samurai ( juggernaut)  ( night stalker ) uni professor ( rubick ) father of zyzz ( zeus ) ttrolls ( troll warlod) n many more. no discriminatio in this game because every race species continent is embraced to play destry the ancient. even in the game there is combo of riverr forest and dead land.if you came from neopets then i would strngly recommend to play this because yo can buy your own coureir and upgrade it with red bull. the community in dota 2 is very great too because eveyrone is always friendly teamwork leadership and forgiving. 10/10 would play again with rednecks
game-hours: 1458.7
review: u
game-hours: 4485.7
review: IMMORTAL GAME
game-hours: 323.1
review: Well it was all fun and games until some douchecrap   ing mothershiiting spree decided to just steal the items and troll the game. Everything would've gone smoothly if Volvo would've added an option to get your items back from Russian 'conts'. Obviously, Gabe decided he is waaay too fat and a douche to add such feature so the game overall sucks. I would give it a 4 out of 900 and I wish it would burn in Gabe's . Thanks for reading my review and I hope you will appreciate the effort I put into writing it.
game-hours: 46.2
review: I play Dota2 to waste time not to have fun...
game-hours: 15.3
review: If you aren't familiar with MOBAs they are . Don't play them. If you disagree and enjoy MOBAs you might be autistic and you should probably get that checked out.
game-hours: 183.7
review: This is the worst game that I've ever played and I'm going to tell you why in this personal review. One of the many issues that I have with this game is that community, the community in this game is god damn awful, with people with a mindset of a child who hardly knows how to play this game, people who don't even speak english even though they set their preference to english, bad matchmaking system that partners me with the worst of the worst, people who troll on the team verbally and techincally set themselves up as a traitor, helping the enemy feed off of them and gain them bonuses gold and experiance to  our team. The community in most moba games like League of Legends, Heroes of Newerth, Dota 1, Dota 2, Smite, and other games contains the most vile, hateful, resentful people of them all, then your average call of duty game (hell, I sometimes think they are equal on the worst communities ever). Nobody dares to help a newbie out on problems, half of the people don't even speak english, some of them rather not to communicate to the team and point it out, most of the people tend to do that annoying ping spam over and over, everytime they die, everytime someone missed the kill, or refuse to help you out on a gank. Besides this community that is the worst among the worst, I have a few issues with this game, one of them is the lack of a feature in most games is the surrender button, to people to agree to end the match when we all know that the enemy completely stomped us. Without this, the enemy will continue to hamilitate us, added salt to the wounds, and more conflicts and issues come upon the team because of this. One good thing i like about this game is that the heroes are unique itself and not the same , and unlike league of legends, they are all free to play and don't require to spend cash to acquire a single character, so it's easier on the wallet and also easier upon me to try and see how well I can be on this character. The itemization takes some time to adjust and one another good thing is how the in-game build guides actually helps me out and don't require me to alt-tab each and everytime to see what I buy next and what I put that level up point into, and informed details about the ability, item, and why it's required for this particular character.
game-hours: 0.6
review: 0/10
game-hours: 426.0
review: 2 !!!
game-hours: 758.2
review: there are many things in this universe that make me want to end my life, but this 'game' out does everything else in the universe in the list of things that make me want to neck myself. 0/10 no warning about feelings of extreme depression and nihilism.
game-hours: 1174.1
review: Kills russian -  Kills russian again -  Kills russian for the 2nd time -  Kills russian for the 3rd time -  BLYET! Kills russian in a humiliation way - I SUK YO MOM Ends game - (some russian words probably offensive words in capitals spammed throughout post game) Russian rage simulator 2014 I also learnt a bit of russian in the hours I have now
game-hours: 936.3
review: I've played this game since it was a mod for Warcraft, and I have to say, it's one of my favorite games. However, much like TF2, it has it's fair share of problems. For starters, this game has a stupidly high learning curve. There's no one true way to play any of the 100+ heroes, and it can get very frustrating very fast trying to find what you can easily work with for any of them with the gigantic selection of items. Other than Legion Commander, I still have yet to master any of the very small pool of heroes that I feel comfortable playing as, with my success {or lack there of, which is normally the case} depending largely on the skill level of the enemy team and my teammates. Which brings us to the next point. 90% of the people who play this game are stupid. Now, I don't claim to be good at this. I'm slightly above average at best. However, it's hard to play on anything outside of solo bot servers when you're constantly thrown in with stupid people, first timers, people who don't speak the server regions language, people who are only there to prance around in costumes, or don't want to follow simple orders/use common sense. Or any combination of the above. Meanwhile, you can rest assured that your opponents will almost always have their act together, and be an unstoppable force that you futiley try to at least hinder. Which is made even harder when your teammates insist on throwing themselves into unwinnable battles, further feeding them until the point where there's a 10+ level gap between you and the lowest leveled enemy. On the other hand, you might go up against a team that's super bad. As in, it's a game that lasts less than 20 minutes. In which case, you've learned nothing, and your time is wasted just as thoroughly as it would be against people out of your league. Or, on the occasion that you get teammates that know what they're doing, you can expect them to whine about your choice of hero, your starting items/abilities, your lane choice, or god forbid, your costume. At which point, 9/10 of these people will purposefully feed the enemy or go afk, and then either rage quit or stop when you've ceased your apparantly unforgivable behavior. Or they might report you to try and get you thrown into low priority {more on that below}, which is Dota's equivalent of hell {long connection times, and having to play with the worst of the worst}. And unlike TF2, you can't just drop out whenever you wish without taking a heavy penalty for doing so. So have fun being in matches where there will be almost no fun a majority of the time. Now, there is a report system, which in theory, is supposed to shoo away the vermin that don't need to be playing this in the first place. In practice, it's horribly broken, due to being automated. Doing amazingly good, but you're the odd man out in a Peruvian 4 stack that you've somehow managed to offend? Expect to have the low priority message pop up when you exit to the menu after the match. Or maybe you want to report that 0/25 Treant that refused to do his job, and started purposely dying to feed the enemy. The entire server could report him, but he could still easily slip through without getting lp. In all seriousness, it's down to luck if it does work when you want it to, and doesn't when it's being abused. Up next, hero balance. Thankfully, this isn't quite as bad as it could be, but there is still silliness here and there. Some heroes have one or two overpowered abilites, while others are all around unbalanced, and others still are in sore need of buffing. At the same time, some heroes are nicely balanced, but are easily outclassed by other heroes who can perform the same role, only much better and easier. Why pick Legion Commander and eventually outdamage the enemy team using skill, when you can pick Ursa and outdamage them from level 3 onwards and rarely have to press more than one button? Why pick Weaver and alternate between your 2 escapes when you can pick Storm Spirit and have an escape with no cooldown? Why pick Centaur Warrunner to be durable when you can pick Axe and not only be durable, but be so durable the lane gets locked down for your enemy? There's tons of examples like this. Also, you'll see some heroes almost every match, {Pudge, Sniper, Zeus, who all have skills that can be more or less mindlessly spammed/have low risk high reward playstyles.} but lots are seen either rarely, or rarely outside of comp play {Io, Meepo, Dark Seer, who all take some degree of skill/have high risk decent reward playstyles}. What it sadly boils down to is, why play a hero where you have more than 1 button to press and risk being overwhelmed but have a more rewarding experience, when you can pick a hero that more or less does the same thing, but with less complexity? As with TF2, Valve is slowly but surely turning this into another hat simulator. I played a ton of the original Dota, and I sure don't remember any customization, because that would have been silly. This game is hard enough without being distracted by someones super pimped out loadout, or worrying if you're going to get a nice drop {if any, only 2-3 people usually get drops at the end of the round}. The main problem with character customization though, is that much like TF2, it attracts half wits that only want to play the super easy classes and dress them up, then look down on everyone else who isn't wearing a 20c wolf hat. Yeah, take your little wolf hat into a ranked match. See how they like it. Also like TF2, Valve focuses more on cosmetic items than the game itself, which started off small, but in recent months has led to them: 1. Canceling popular gamemodes, in order to {in thier own words} 'focus more on cosmetic sets'. 2. Building entire gamemodes around expensive sets {although in fairness, said sets only enhanced the modes/tracked stats for them, but still...}, or just flatout making new modes pay to win {the Year Beast Brawl was p2w to the point that disgusting amounts of money trumped good old fashioned skill almost 100% of the time}. 3. Doing inane things like changing the perfectly fine models of heroes, and then using that as an excuse to make more money {Shadow Fiend's model was just fine, but then he got a redesign that looked like an angsty 12 year old made it, and a $35 cosmetic that looked like an even more angsty 10 year old designed it}. 4. Possibly the worst, outright ignoring critical server issues {as in, thousands of people having issues even launching the game critical} to focus on cosmetic item bugs. Overall, the game would be greatly improved if Valve would do the following things: 1. Mandatory region locking for everyone, keeping Americans in America, Russians in Russia etc etc, thus heavily cutting down on the amount of people not knowing a regions language. 2. A proper tutorial for new players. 3. Making the above tutorial mandatory, as well as making only solo bot matches possible until a certain player level is reached. 4. Heavy improvement on the report system, to prevent the constant abuse of it, and to make sure it works when it legitimately needs to be used. 5. Rather than adding new costumes every other week, finally adding the other heroes from the mod, along with some much needed balancing for all the heroes. As fun as this game is, I reccomend it to no one, other than someone willing to go through absolute misery to occasionally have fun.
game-hours: 3140.9
review: NOTE : If you played DOTA 2 long enough then you must already know what im talking about. Great Game and require a lot of experience and knowledge to master. The strongest point about DOTA 2 is the teamwork witch is also the weak point at the same time. The matchmaking system is broken, In 9 out of 10 games you'll find yourself playing with zero communication between teammates and doesn't matter what language preference you choose, you will always end up playing with players that doesn't speak English except words like : "NOOB", "F**** You", "Mid Or Feed"... Also while playing in solo queue, you will find yourself frequently playing against 4,5 man party. This will defensively will make the game balanced as you can see :) The game is totally invaded by kids and noobs and there is no support from valve.
game-hours: 132.1
review: I hate this game. I hate the right click. I hate the stuns. I hate Meepo. I hate the thing Shakira does when it wins. I hate it. I hate this game. I hate the death it creates. I hate death. This game is worse than death. This game is worse than Hitler. This game is worse than Satan. This game is more of a homewrecker than Sahara and Oliver combined. I hate this game. I hate it.
game-hours: 235.6
review: if u liek doin mathematiks, u will liek doin jams. sam is a man, dont  up his plan. he'll throw u in his van and excecute a clam. crack u liek a can,  up ur whole clan. Kbokk baby 0/10 no jungle buffs or biscuits get rekt m9
game-hours: 494.4
review: Opened Game. Found Match. Picked Spirit Breaker. Was told to uninstall. Uninstalled. 2/10 Would not pick Spirit Breaker again.
game-hours: 33.2
review: yeah, nah
game-hours: 2234.7
review: Well, I liked this game.... a long time ago, when you could play a normal game here and there. Nowadays, the only people you meet are russians, mexicans and other things that can hardly be described as human, as they do not seem posess human-like inteligence. The best part is. They do play on european servers/(mexicans tend to invade US), and wish to teach you their holy language, in which every sentence seems to beginn with " blyat"(dunno about the mexicans though, they might as well speak burrito). If you have low blood pressure and like the company of mentally chalaged people without the paper that would confirm this, feel free to download this game. Oh, almost forgot to mention, that each new patch uses to add new bugs and overpowered heroes get even more powerful over time. Bless lord Gaben and his minions for bringing us this gem. HL3 confirmed...
game-hours: 1370.8
review: League of fLamers served no less as mere training for Dota 2, which holds in my opinion the state of Best MOBA/ARTS/ASSS (Call it however you want) around. No need to pay for heroes or power-ups. No need to grind levels to be able to jungle. No need to pay for cosmetics, I can earn them while playing. And I can learn Russian free of charge. The essence and magic of DotA combined with the powerful Source engine and wrapped up in an user-friendly package with Valve quality finition. Icing on the cake ? The only MobA around playable offline. And bots aren't exactly dummies.
game-hours: 0.1
review: It doesnt have any hats.
game-hours: 1.6
review: Clicking simulator
game-hours: 2953.7
review: mantap
game-hours: 668.0
review: Almost too good.
game-hours: 30.6
review: Great! You must have it!
game-hours: 205.6
review: I realy like dota 2 because its animation is more nice and wanderful than dota 1.
game-hours: 1326.1
review: xem gi day
game-hours: 2210.2
review: Cool
game-hours: 1279.4
review: Best free to play game ever. Though it is very hard to play and it requires alot of team work and stratagy, if you get a few friends to play with you and take time to practice, you will have a very fun experience.
game-hours: 988.9
review: Great game.
game-hours: 1440.8
review: game for gamers
game-hours: 117.3
review: 11/10 would bang... Templar Assassin...
game-hours: 1678.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 659.3
review: =D
game-hours: 4306.8
review: Amazing game
game-hours: 841.7
review: The community can tell you firsthand that this game is quite possibly the best and worst game on earth. With the recent boom in it's e-sports presence it's worth trying for that reason alone. You may love it or hate it but one thing's for certain. Those who love it, really love it (myself included).
game-hours: 391.1
review: such a good game :D i just loved the cosmetic system stuff I would just like better announcers in the games, the ones that already are in game are not so good...
game-hours: 694.2
review: must try dota2
game-hours: 579.7
review: Too many Russians 11/10
game-hours: 2346.0
review: eziest gaem of my lief 10/10 wuld play agian
game-hours: 110.3
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 54.6
review: A goat threw smoke at me and then killed me.
game-hours: 1632.9
review: Dota 2 is awesome! xD like it
game-hours: 329.0
review: god game for war
game-hours: 705.2
review: fgfgfdgf
game-hours: 1164.9
review: sickest game on entire universe!!!! nothing to say more!!!
game-hours: 29.5
review: Nice Game Play it!!!
game-hours: 1289.7
review: Dota 2 is good game for all people who need more challage with team or solo person
game-hours: 988.3
review: velly, velly good! -.-
game-hours: 1019.5
review: nice game..
game-hours: 2948.2
review: Been playing dota 1 since 2006 and believe me this game is a whole new level of gaming experience. I've tried a lot of MOBA games and still, Dota 2 still gives me the same feeling as Dota 1 and even more. The map is still the same but the gameplay will forever change according to what the players will do in-game. Making this game one of the most player skill dependent games out there. Highly recommended. My hours of play tells it all.
game-hours: 609.9
review: It's okay.
game-hours: 1504.1
review: love it
game-hours: 1056.0
review: Good game
game-hours: 491.1
review: Vey fun
game-hours: 734.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 804.2
review: Best Plays game
game-hours: 467.9
review: Great moba game!
game-hours: 1734.0
review: Very entertaining game
game-hours: 1403.4
review: very very good game
game-hours: 708.8
review: Nc game
game-hours: 436.8
review: Greater game!
game-hours: 2266.9
review: !!!       !!!
game-hours: 1010.2
review: Perfect!
game-hours: 8.1
review: Great Game
game-hours: 389.6
review: The game resembles a world greater than the first game. Besides its great graphic texture, it provides easy gameplay that would acknowledge new players to try the game. It gives a clearer universe that blooms a stunning visuality that makes a normal player make their experiences with the game. The simplicity of the game makes a player focus on the action decided. It doesn't make you stop playing it.
game-hours: 1375.2
review: nice
game-hours: 913.8
review: like
game-hours: 288.7
review: amazing game
game-hours: 925.3
review: gamz gud, pley
game-hours: 1875.6
review: the best thing u will ever play , once u start playing this game u will never stop , i really recommend this game
game-hours: 109.4
review: NICE GAME!
game-hours: 325.7
review: ...
game-hours: 894.9
review: I love Dota 2. Dota 2 is my life. <3
game-hours: 131.1
review: Top Knotch game
game-hours: 8.2
review: Galera tem esse debate de Lol vs dota 2, eu nunca pude opinar por no ter jogado dota 2. pois bem, agora entrei no jogo ( pq nem achar match essa desgraa acha no us east e west). Todo quebrado, um lixo total. Agora posso concluir com toda facilidade que: League of Legends >>>tudo ja criado incluindo doenas e genocdios>>>comer bosta>>> dota 2. No percam seu tempo!
game-hours: 1071.6
review: good game
game-hours: 1490.8
review: Awesome game to play>!!!! time flies wen i play....!!
game-hours: 863.8
review: this is good game
game-hours: 486.9
review: This is a really awesome game. The main reason I think that is because it's not only a game with great gameplay, but the community around it is also great. This game really showed me that professional competitive gaming is a thing. To me this is a absolutaly revolutionary game.
game-hours: 2044.5
review: Russian Language 101.
game-hours: 1858.6
review: Never slept for two days because I was busy playing Dota. Ruined the plans of good study habits. Recommended 10/10
game-hours: 1250.1
review: the server makes me always disconnect
game-hours: 717.3
review: Meh...
game-hours: 3727.0
review: dota 2
game-hours: 467.2
review: I like the graphics, the skills and all. What I dislike is its file size and its frequent update because it make my Hard Drive full
game-hours: 1211.5
review: Yes, i recommend this game for others. Dota2 is a very cool game for strategic skills. But there are many trashtalker player so be aware and be cool in a game.:)
game-hours: 850.7
review: Game full of bitter hateful people that can't work together as a team. Will make you exceptionally racist and vulgar. Not recommended if you rage easily. It's better than LoL, tho.
game-hours: 2107.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 475.6
review: cool!!
game-hours: 132.2
review: sdfgdgdfgawe
game-hours: 355.1
review: yes because it is a very good game
game-hours: 741.8
review: the game is so good ... MUST TRY
game-hours: 406.0
review: So I have compared Dota 2 to HON, since alot of the heroes are the same. Needless to say, I stoped playing HON :) I found the heroes to be much more balanced than in HON and what stood out the most wasn't really the game as much as the people playing it. Its a much calmer atmosphere in 8/10 games than in HON... I can't remember when I last played a HON match where someone didn't curse at just about everyone... All in all its a great game and is starting to ruin my life :P
game-hours: 357.3
review: ^__________^
game-hours: 1415.6
review: Takes a bit of getting used to even for someone who has played a bit of other DOTA style games. But after you put the effort in it gets easier and much more enjoyable. 10/10 would BLACK HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLE again
game-hours: 313.2
review: its best game even i have played
game-hours: 2205.8
review: timo,pra quem gosta desse Tipo de jogo Ainda melhor com amigos.
game-hours: 712.6
review: I've never found a more entertaining game, because it's not just pointless, there's actually strategy and cunning to it! :D
game-hours: 3166.7
review: This game lost me 2/3 girlfriends. (from the same time period) seriously, Seriously worth it (y) ***EDIT-------> 3/3 ggwp
game-hours: 0.6
review: AWESOMEST STRATEGY/SIMULATION GAME EVER!!!!!!
game-hours: 320.1
review: Kinda sure that I don't have to introduce this game.... So, simply said, this game is BRILLIANT! Even a statisctics are proving it, Dota 2 is most played game every day on Steam... So if you like MOBA games, you're sick of LOL, HotS is too much simple and Smite is too new and different, then just download it and you'll see it by yourself.
game-hours: 369.2
review: good game
game-hours: 540.4
review: EPIC.
game-hours: 65.7
review: A
game-hours: 199.9
review: amazing items for all heroes. i like this game
game-hours: 1266.2
review: :D
game-hours: 856.6
review: nice
game-hours: 3759.5
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 1178.5
review: THIS GAME ITS LEGENDARY :D
game-hours: 867.7
review: It's a nice game! Try It! :)
game-hours: 1180.2
review: Recommended for gamers who want to play teammates strategy game
game-hours: 2802.0
review: jadi game ini tuh saiap sih yang gatau game paling populer sedunia game yang mikir. ber strategi. dan paling jantan ini mah gausah ditanya reviewnya
game-hours: 1701.7
review: ^^
game-hours: 2217.4
review: I so happy play this game !
game-hours: 836.1
review: awsum~
game-hours: 4011.3
review: Insanely addictive! Also a good language teaching tool, especially Russian and Brazilian!
game-hours: 2180.9
review: DOTA2
game-hours: 545.4
review: O Ato de "feedar"  muito chato. O Sujeito, aquele que "feeda", transmite ondas ruim a tudo e a todos que dividem o chamado Time Radiant ou Time Dire. Ondas as quais, somente jogadores de Dota 2 / Moba / Multiplayer / Qualquer.fezes.q.envolva.outra.pessoa.alm.de.tu sabem explicar. Ao pblico, basta aprender o real significado do verbo "Feedar" e assim entender o que  ser, o que esto em questo, at ento. Miau,  isso ai! By Tino Marcos em sua reportagem especial ao Jornal BRHUE 2014.
game-hours: 2427.0
review: Half the time you will own someone and feel like a boss, the other half you will fed and get boned. Both times you will be called  by everyone ever.
game-hours: 172.8
review: Dopa3 maks mi fel gud becoz u get gunz an u go pee pee wid tem n u get 2 sey n vice chat tat tey stank bcoz ter kda is no gud. I norman go 3-55-1 with bludsikker, I now I gud but pleis dunt b meen. I relly tri in dis gam to du gud butt ol the russans be mean or brazalans say I am a mercada n teech mi to be meen to my freends so now they dunt play dopa3 with mi bcoz they now my kda too strung.
game-hours: 1926.3
review: Very nice game
game-hours: 0.6
review: played 1 game. lasted 20 minutes. 0-12. uninstalled after. during the game i got a phone call telling me that i had 7 forms of cancer in my heart,brain,lungs,liver,gallbladder,,eyes. then my house burned down. then the hospital stole my kidneys and said they thought i had died. my parents disowned me and sent me to north korea where i am working for 2 pieces of rice an hour. 10/10 would bang again
game-hours: 435.9
review: Do you have a nice family? Do you have a job? Do you have dreams? Are you a student? If your answer to any of these question is "yes" do drugs but please dont dowload this game, it will consume you. You will dream with Dota, you will feel Dota and you will be Dota. Every time somebody calls, you'll hear "". Every time something bad happens you will try to report the person responsible for it. This game is dangerous. This game is worst than any drug. 322/10
game-hours: 2259.6
review: It is awesome!
game-hours: 350.2
review: Best rage inducing, racism increasing, hateful behaviour creating, somewhat inhospitable community, game full of idiots and fools at the beginning game ever. Would definitely recommend.
game-hours: 7292.1
review: If u want to lose your life, play this game
game-hours: 1003.8
review: Get in the game!
game-hours: 101.7
review: :)
game-hours: 505.9
review: DOTA is easy to get into and you can lose hours playing the game. The game is very fun to play with your friends or have a match online. DOTA does not disappoint and it has a very large community that is friendly to new players. Its a great free to play that everybody should check out.
game-hours: 37.1
review: ing good
game-hours: 546.7
review: Valve strategy of $$$$$$$$. Release a free game that is as little pay-to-win as possible, ??????? ????? ???????? ????? =
game-hours: 1056.5
review: Just amazing game,i have been playing this game like 4 n half years now...1st dota 1 then this,never gets boring..... kinda addictive game....but u will have real fun playing this game.idk bout LOL but this is just amazing n most skillfull game. doesnt matter if u r new in dota family,game provides all basic lessons in-game. but u still need 2 control your hunger after playing this game..kinda destroys your important hours of your life as well if u got no self control.
game-hours: 1480.3
review: Must Get!!!!
game-hours: 53.6
review: Decent game. Not exactly as war3, but could get used to it. It feels a bit rushed not really smooth, but I guess 2012 was already pretty late.... I've played better ones, but the community is growing and that's a perk. GL & HF ^_^
game-hours: 1415.4
review: Not much like dota1 , graphics are really cool
game-hours: 702.2
review: NICE GAME.... IT MAKES ME ADDICTED TO IT :D
game-hours: 314.1
review: Becomes addictive. A good game for team work.
game-hours: 3860.8
review: I think DotA 2 good strategy game to play
game-hours: 4995.7
review: play hard, farm hard
game-hours: 1990.2
review: Rame pokonamah
game-hours: 1223.5
review: Dota 2
game-hours: 1576.7
review: It's K.
game-hours: 1236.3
review: gg
game-hours: 1099.3
review: amazing game
game-hours: 590.8
review: One of the best games out there.
game-hours: 596.7
review: Awesome MMORPG game so far...
game-hours: 2637.7
review: nice
game-hours: 4984.8
review: rocks
game-hours: 1567.2
review: cool game!
game-hours: 152.1
review: good game, awesome game :D
game-hours: 9655.3
review: best game ever!
game-hours: 1969.6
review: WoW
game-hours: 1183.2
review: Nice game.. GG
game-hours: 1737.6
review: (y)
game-hours: 606.3
review: :) one of the best game
game-hours: 1598.2
review: awesome
game-hours: 23.3
review: THIS GAME IS BEST
game-hours: 1740.3
review: this is so cool
game-hours: 199.1
review: Well it's good this like :3
game-hours: 1214.1
review: Avesome strategy game!
game-hours: 912.6
review: If you don't play this, you're a scrub... scrub.
game-hours: 632.6
review: a nice game
game-hours: 2720.8
review: Best mopa game everrrr!!
game-hours: 968.1
review: Great Game
game-hours: 1879.4
review: Good game FOr me...
game-hours: 382.6
review: For a long-running game, this is so addicting. My soul is slowly being eaten by this game and I'm still asking for some shamans to encase what remains of my sanity :)
game-hours: 3664.3
review: THE BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 1406.0
review: :))) LIKE
game-hours: 140.8
review: lol  melhor
game-hours: 1759.7
review: in Awesome
game-hours: 702.9
review: GG....
game-hours: 5095.7
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 670.9
review: If you want to spend counterless hours just raging at your teammates and carrying people this is the game for you
game-hours: 1408.1
review: nice game ! =3
game-hours: 1201.1
review: best steam game ever !
game-hours: 1063.4
review: wow
game-hours: 1173.2
review: I Like This
game-hours: 2105.1
review: nice game.....
game-hours: 277.7
review: rly cool game
game-hours: 3679.4
review: One love :*
game-hours: 1642.6
review: yes
game-hours: 754.6
review: GOOD STRATEGIC GAME EVER AND HAS A BETTER GRAPHICS THAN LoL :P
game-hours: 1293.5
review: i like this
game-hours: 2277.2
review: good game i love it
game-hours: 1447.0
review: Nice game ;) I Love that
game-hours: 95.9
review: :v
game-hours: 2487.7
review: Awesome strategic game,
game-hours: 2630.8
review: what my girlfriend said about Dotka: HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE But i continue love her ( Dotka )
game-hours: 80.4
review: hai
game-hours: 1892.8
review: Awesome Game
game-hours: 1208.6
review: Best game ever :D
game-hours: 622.4
review: Enjoy
game-hours: 426.0
review: i like to play dota2 because my problem solved .. if i'm playing dota2
game-hours: 1455.8
review: The Game is Very Good
game-hours: 822.9
review: I like this game
game-hours: 1922.2
review: Very addictive and the comestics item are very nice 10/10!
game-hours: 2373.5
review: Super
game-hours: 138.8
review: want to play with me?...
game-hours: 939.8
review: -it takes my about 50 games just to unlock some one that cost 6300 IP -i ALWAYS get beaten mid by an akali that starts with 80 motherfcken AP -master yi -WAYYY too much vayne players in ranked - do i even need to get started on fizz? -it cost 30 dollars for a fcken skin -too much smurfs Rito fix this  as fk, unbalanced, overrated game. I think HON is way better
game-hours: 47.6
review: looooooooooooooooove it!!!!!
game-hours: 1823.9
review: best game ever
game-hours: 2194.1
review: Totally worth it 10/10 !!!
game-hours: 483.6
review: play dota, be happy
game-hours: 6421.8
review: ...  bule
game-hours: 2887.7
review: Best game ever if u have samething against this then ur wrong + its free!!!
game-hours: 2719.8
review: ^^
game-hours: 443.3
review: ........................................................................................
game-hours: 1075.2
review: Nice game
game-hours: 991.4
review: Good Game
game-hours: 484.5
review: A true time-sink, but the best one there is.
game-hours: 2569.6
review: The game that destroys friendship... That's why I love it.
game-hours: 4286.8
review: Dota 2 encore of the famous dota map of world of warcraft, is a very fun online multiplayer fun to play with frnds in a group.
game-hours: 1170.7
review: The single greatest human accomplishment in the history of the world.
game-hours: 520.9
review: game yang sangat epic
game-hours: 2105.6
review: It is a rather good game that you can play for hours but in my opinion after a few days you get bored of it and leave it for a day or two it is a strategy game that i would say is the best one out there.(that i have played)
game-hours: 1248.5
review: Awesome game, 10/10 ;)
game-hours: 2603.8
review: Logical, strategic and team work needed! Awesome game!
game-hours: 3356.3
review: recommend :)
game-hours: 1311.7
review: Jugglike <3 !
game-hours: 727.4
review: played this game for 6 years right know and never get boring on it
game-hours: 943.8
review: nice
game-hours: 711.6
review: Excellent game which is easy to learn and fun to play with friends. Has loads of customisable content and the base game is free to play. A lan wouldnt be complete without playing DoTA2
game-hours: 1965.6
review: love it
game-hours: 965.2
review: Awesome game, just try it
game-hours: 1321.5
review: BEST MOBA EVER
game-hours: 3934.3
review: . . " ". ....
game-hours: 1696.2
review: Good game Well player!
game-hours: 1523.4
review: Dota 2 is a game that puts your skills and patience to the test; if that's your type of thing I recommend this game because it's possibly the best in the business.
game-hours: 3294.9
review: Oh yea ,dota 2 is nice ,but is full of possers that name their selves dendi , but the original one is epic, are you really readying this lol?
game-hours: 11.5
review: ok But too much like League of Leagens
game-hours: 1668.3
review: Best compatative game ever
game-hours: 409.4
review: Very awesome i feel its more than a regular strategy game
game-hours: 1441.9
review: GG!
game-hours: 2151.4
review: ,  ,    Dota2
game-hours: 181.3
review: Best game
game-hours: 903.4
review: If i were stuck on a deserted island with internet access a computer, compfy chair and no money i wouldnt be bothered because i would have DOTA 2. This game bieng free is a must have for every person ever. DOTA 2 makes you feel things like the greatest joy but also the most painful form of agony. Each game can be either the best or worst 30-90 minutes of your life. I couldnt not buy the compendium and a few sets for no other reason than an inflated ego. The community is a mixmatch between people you would curse with all the bad luck and people you will like more than your grandmother. 11/10 best game EU and everywhere else. YOUR LIFE IS NOT COMPLETE WITHOUT DOTA 2 (join the guild Ninja Sex Party unless you suck)
game-hours: 103.4
review: Nope
game-hours: 1626.9
review: Please add the Ice Wyvern hero from dota 1 to the game.
game-hours: 696.0
review: This game is awesome, if you're a fan of HoN, DoTA 1, or LOL. Very good community support, and good developers.
game-hours: 1757.3
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 2169.7
review: Dota is back. Its bigger and its better...
game-hours: 83.2
review: Like Maykuti Jebam..
game-hours: 1705.0
review: awesome
game-hours: 653.4
review: its good
game-hours: 1094.8
review: PLAY DOTA 2. IT ROCKS. RECOMMENDED
game-hours: 397.8
review: It's good to be back to Dota
game-hours: 54.3
review: dota is dota nice graphics great gameplay you don't need to pay for heroes which is a dota is famous you don't have to pay to enjoy it well i stop playing dota 4 years ago then i came back to play dota 2 it feels like my childhood came back memories...
game-hours: 1439.7
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 413.7
review: .
game-hours: 1163.7
review: Nice game forever
game-hours: 3399.1
review: ing Addicting! =) Well Played to the developers and to every who contributes to the future of the game!
game-hours: 1934.8
review: A really fun and strategic game. Unlike any other moba games, this game is free- and not pay to win. You can choose any hero from the hero pool, which is around 100ish if I am not mistaken. This allow for more variety. There are many hero. Some are complex while some are beginner friendly. For example, I find Abaddon quite easy but effective to use, mainly because of its ultimate that acts like a heal shield. However I only have played this game for a really short time(14 hours) and I have yet to try all of the heroes. Among that I have tried is: Abbaddon, Sven, Dazzle, Slark and Venomancer. There are many types of heroes in the game. Carry, Nuker,disabler,iniator and many more. I like the variety this game offer- and also the factor of fun. Dota 2 also requires teamwork and patience, by only attacking the enemy tower without strategy is almost considered as suicide. There are also lane, which is divided to: Middle,Upper and bottom. Usually heroes are tasked to go to certain lane- to farm for gold and get items which are really game changing, especially if you use a carry. There are also a ancient which need to be destroyed to win the game. Also most payed items is merely cosmetic only. They make you heroes look cooler but doesn't give any advantage. There are also other cosmetic items such as Courier, Hud,ticket and keys that doesn't give any ingame advantages and merely cosmetic. Although the Dota 2 has some weakness, Dota 2 has given me a fun and epic experience. I will continue to play Dota 2 and hopefully this game will keep improving. Verdict: 9.5/10
game-hours: 485.4
review: I recommend you to play this game
game-hours: 1271.5
review: very good video game, enjoyable.
game-hours: 917.8
review: Great game! (y)
game-hours: 1574.5
review: game is so fun new animation comes in everytime which makes it exciting to see and to purchase
game-hours: 2459.9
review: very extremely good game :v
game-hours: 11.0
review: this game is awsome
game-hours: 1094.6
review: Can i eat this game?
game-hours: 967.4
review: WTF
game-hours: 781.5
review: good
game-hours: 2174.3
review: Well Done!
game-hours: 1699.0
review: i like it
game-hours: 362.7
review: +
game-hours: 1409.3
review: I do not know what it is about this game that makes me spend so much time playing it. At first it was to beat my friend in our number or wins race, but yesterday I spent over twelve hours straight just playing offline bots matches. If i could figure out why I love this game so much I would better understand myself as a person, but it seems as if it was not meant to be since I now have a couple of hours invested in this game and nothing has been revealed. In any case I will keep playing, I will keep seaching, in the hopes that one day my review can explain to my family why I never leave my computer.
game-hours: 1698.7
review: best game ever u should download it!
game-hours: 611.0
review: God of Kings
game-hours: 48.7
review: Go Play It !
game-hours: 1268.7
review: so cool
game-hours: 990.3
review: good game
game-hours: 865.2
review: This Coming from a League of Legends player : Pros : - Punishing Gameplay (can be consider con but it's more challanging this way) - Denying creeps - Couriers - You can stack jungle creeps - Bigger map means more fog of war (which mean you can juke more) - Teleportation scrolls - Aegis Of immortal - All Heroes are free - No Runes and Masteries - You can see what the enemies is picking, which mean you can counter them (can be con, because enemies will try to counterpicked you too) - Is more customizable with many cosmestics such as Hud, loading screens, announcer, etc - Have items drops - The invoker Cons : - You'll lose money when you die - No Recall, which means you have to walk back or buy a town portal scrolls - No jungle buffs like blue or red (can be pros) - Is easier to make mistakes here and harder to come back - No surrender vote (can be pros when you wreck your enemy and vice versa) - Most heroes' mana pool is fairly low and have a skill that cost high mana - No summoner's spells - Item doesn't boost your skill's damage (can be pros) League Of Legends and Dota 2 are both great games and are my favorite game of all time, with both are highly competitive and required a strong teamwork. Both game are free, so you can play as much as you like, so have fun and don't forget. SPIN 2 WIN
game-hours: 1163.2
review: ONZE I BLAYED DIS GAMER I BACAME MA'BI BENDI
game-hours: 2835.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 741.4
review: best game ever
game-hours: 783.2
review: if you have a bad temper don't play this game because you always get paired with ing , but when you don't its amazing, also don't join if you're going to  around and make the game a bad place s
game-hours: 3349.2
review: ! !
game-hours: 1314.7
review: Most addictive game that I've played in years.
game-hours: 3046.9
review: Nice :)
game-hours: 86.2
review: ING GRINGOS
game-hours: 132.7
review: never ending dota 2 yet the most enjoyable game ever ... it's really awesome & you never get tired of it i recommend it to every one
game-hours: 1092.3
review: Best Game
game-hours: 2845.8
review: buy or die
game-hours: 618.7
review: Very Nice Game LD
game-hours: 3416.2
review: love love love
game-hours: 457.7
review: it is very very very good game and good game for team play and i think it must play many people
game-hours: 313.9
review: like dota2
game-hours: 2105.1
review: An awesome game. I prefer to think of Dota 2 as of XXI century chess. The way how Valve manage to keep the game free to play without any donations that would affect in-game actions is truly impressive. Surely can recommend it to anyone who likes competetive gaming.
game-hours: 230.5
review: nice
game-hours: 9403.8
review: Excellent video game.
game-hours: 175.3
review: ------------------------------------------- Brilliant game has positives and negatives. -------------------------------------------- POSITIVIES: * Overall brilliant game. *Good well scripted, funny characters with a good background. *Same map can be played in different ways with different characters and tactics. *You can be matched with good players who work well in a team,good team players *Brilliant Dota 2 community friendly,helpful and you can also make new friends. --------------------------------------------- NEGATIVES: *Low priority match making is ridiculous if you abandon one game you have to play 6 low priority match making games where you don't get any Xp and bare in mind each game can be an hour long,this is a feature that makes me greatly hate dota *Same map can get boreing *Sometimes you can get matched with players who don't play very well in a team --------------------------------------------- Please Fix the negatives.
game-hours: 1034.2
review: Heres the thing that makes life so interesting. The theory of evolution claims that only the strong shall survive. Maybe so...maybe so...But the theory of competition says just because their the strong doesn't mean they cant get their 's kicked. Thats right. See what every long shot, come from behind underdog will tell you is this. The other guy may in fact be the favorite, the odds maybe stacked against you, fair enough. But what the odds don't know is this isn't a math test. This is a completely different kind of test. One where PASSION has a funny way of trumping logic. So before you step up to the starting line, before the whistle blows, and the clock starts ticking. Just remember out here the results don't always add up. No matter what the stats may say, and the experts may think, and the commentators may have predicted, when the race is on all bets are off. Don't be surprised if someone decides to flip the script and take a pass on yelling uncle. And then suddenly as the old saying goes, WE GOT OURSELVES A GAME!
game-hours: 1623.4
review: Like Russians? PLAY THIS GAME Don't like Russians? PLAY THIS GAME
game-hours: 289.1
review: epic
game-hours: 24.5
review: qweqweqweqwe
game-hours: 364.6
review: Thats good
game-hours: 1212.1
review: nc
game-hours: 343.9
review: great game
game-hours: 1561.3
review: Good Game A GG :)
game-hours: 27.6
review: Dota 2 is a brilliant game; it takes teamwork and takes it to a whole new level. In Dota 2, you fight in 5 v 5 matches and if you don't play a part in your team, you will lose! There are many characters (a bit too many for my taste) and many customizable features. But these customizable features are like the hats in TF2; they don't do anything but they look cool. Speaking of TF2, the 'Sniper' character also makes various references to the Sniper class in TF2. If you like League of Legends or RTS games then this is for you. If you are COD fanboy who cannot play different games without declaring that they are '' then go and play some Starcraft 2 you trogladite. 8/10
game-hours: 676.5
review: This game is awesome
game-hours: 162.3
review: yes
game-hours: 2778.8
review: In DotA 2, You got only 2 choices: Win as a hero or Lose as a coward.
game-hours: 399.6
review: This game is ing awesome. But before you play it, read a guide called welcome to dota you suck. Google that
game-hours: 854.8
review: This game has changed my life. I remember around 640 hours ago when i first decided to get a beta key to Dota 2. Since then my life has been consumed by addiction. I would even go as far to say that this game is digital heroin for those skilled enough to play it. Best 640 wasted hours in my life.
game-hours: 1162.0
review: tes
game-hours: 501.4
review: Best game everrrr~
game-hours: 980.7
review: Dota 2 such a wonderful game <3 More power ~
game-hours: 3489.2
review: this game is awsome
game-hours: 2417.1
review: It's a pretty fun game if you hate yourself
game-hours: 1925.4
review: just one more game.... I know this is the 5th time I said it! I don't really believe it anyway either! This is easily one of the best Free-to-Play games. It is NOT free-to-win or anything like that. Nothing you buy has ANY effect on the gameplay. You are essentially paying just to play dress-up with your characters (and you get those items for free through playing anyway!) It is a HUGE game, and you WILL SUCK HORRIBLY at first. Choose a fairly simple hero (probably a support first) and learn how they work before you switch heroes. WATCH THE PROS! There are some free games and tournaments to watch and learn how the game is played and they are actually FUN TO WATCH. The community is probably 40-60 between welcoming players and A$$holes. Make friends with the good ones and keep playing with them, or better yet play with some of your REAL friends and suck horribly together! After about 300-1000 hours of playing, you might only suck a bit, though you'll probably still suck pretty bad. By that point there's no turning back -- you will be a DOTA2 player for life! and it will be GLORIOUS! The only people I would NOT reccommend this to are: people with limited time (games average 25-45 mins and can go past an hour) people who get frustrated easily or let the griefers get to them (thin skin will do you in!) people who can't communicate or like to do things their own way -- this is THE TEAM GAME. Listen to your team to win, or listen to your team  you out.
game-hours: 1022.9
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 185.8
review: LIke
game-hours: 210.8
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 0.4
review: Its a pretty fun game and people who enjoy games like League of Legends its a game for you.
game-hours: 733.6
review: LoL is disgusting, play this and become a pro like me lel #2muchswag4u
game-hours: 722.7
review: This Game is Simply Awesome <3
game-hours: 549.6
review: WELL.. SO ADDICTIVE :)
game-hours: 530.6
review: i am pro
game-hours: 2548.7
review: Dota 2 is a sequel to the Defense of the Ancients (DotA) Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos and Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne mod., Developed by Valve Corporation, Designed by none other than IceFrog and distributed by Steam. I was a DotA player previously and shifted to DOTA 2 just before the The International Dota 2 Chamionship 2012, after I got beta invite from Steam. DotA players will love Dota 2 because of IceFrog and his concept and designs and its very similar to DotA but with added attractions and customization. If you have played DotA in your past you can very well know what the game is all about, but if you haven't, don't worry, DOTA 2 has got your back. You get training and how to play and all you need to know In-Game. Its a free to play game, but I think its about time to change that and make people buy this game just because its worth buying. So, what are you thinking? Just download the game and start playing. Make friends and teams online or ask your friends to join alongside yourself. Just Remmeber : Every player you come across in game is there to have fun and enjoy the game like yourself. So, please keep the gaming spirit alive and don't forget to enjoy and have fun. Hope you guys like my review and start playing this game soon. See you all in game.
game-hours: 1355.0
review: best way to make someone rage if ur good
game-hours: 1055.5
review: This game taught me how to cut down and eat trees 10/10
game-hours: 8.9
review: I played it ..... got addicted ...... the end.......
game-hours: 842.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 1443.3
review: good day
game-hours: 709.1
review: This truly is a great strategy game! Would be great if it provided more maps.
game-hours: 2558.6
review: This Game need Patience from Russian
game-hours: 174.9
review: Awesomeness by itself!!
game-hours: 2549.0
review: The best game I ever played!
game-hours: 1687.8
review: Good game~
game-hours: 2259.8
review: I think this game just simply awesome, if you were fun of map Dota in warcraft you defenitely must play this game :) It will change your life forever :D
game-hours: 928.9
review: very great 99 perfect game
game-hours: 582.8
review: Fun, entertainment & addicted
game-hours: 1439.6
review: nice
game-hours: 1562.8
review: clap clap
game-hours: 3455.9
review: very gut game all russians should die :]
game-hours: 1069.2
review: its ing fun and awesome
game-hours: 1374.7
review: dota 2 is the best game to most people who loves strategic war :)
game-hours: 770.5
review: hi
game-hours: 445.1
review: nice game (y)
game-hours: 1094.1
review: Thanks to Dota2 I've learned Russian! The best educational game ever. Improves Your patient, language skills, calm and more!
game-hours: 184.1
review: guuud game
game-hours: 801.3
review: Beware noobs, DoTA 2 is not friendly
game-hours: 1032.9
review: Hey guy ! Come join D2 !
game-hours: 2468.3
review: Best game evah. :)
game-hours: 1392.1
review: This game has brought me some of everything over the past years, happyness, Joy, and tears. But most important of all a russian vocabulary. becasue of russians i cry myself to sleep every night, why must u pick a void and phantom assasain and then lane together. In russia heros have no roles. they go where they please, do what they want. But i along with the other african americans i nthe community (jamal and ray'shawn) i will not stand for russians. Obama wont step up, and whtie folk sure as hell wont step up so i now take matter into my own hands. How u may ask do i do this? simple, if u see a russian report if u smell a russian report, report them before they have time to say 1 word because that is the limit to there vocabulary,  such a small beutifull word, some may think it as a compliment, others as a insult but both are wrong.  has much more meaning than the word .  is a lifestyle. IF u dont live by  then u dont deserve to live according to russians. now it is up tous the fellow black men of the community to step the u p and put our big boy pants on for all thsoe reading this know u are not alone there are otehrs like u wanting to end  to end russia and i have created a a group to end it. we wil lgo by 1 word the 1 word that means so much more the .  cannot fight this word for it is  and  is it. This word has to much power to be destroyed and it is up to us to use it. AKYC. AKYC.AKYC. AKYC mutha fukas AKYC
game-hours: 1004.3
review: good
game-hours: 1301.7
review: very good game, fast pace game.
game-hours: 965.4
review: I think this game is ace. I have played for roughly 370 hours and plenty more to come. New modes are being added as well as new characters. its dragged me away from the xbox one!
game-hours: 161.4
review: great
game-hours: 285.2
review: Dota 2 is the best drug you'll ever take
game-hours: 1393.0
review: Really Good and Active game for teamwork sometimes
game-hours: 399.6
review: nice game, juz ultra competitive and unfriendly community
game-hours: 1876.0
review: Dota 2 is the best game i ever played in my life. The taught me so much. Like patience, teamwork, never give up, think creative and so on. I recommend this game to be played by every people in the world. This game so much fun and sometimes it cannot be describe by words. u need to try by urself. :)
game-hours: 485.4
review: good
game-hours: 2081.4
review: Nice game but plz give me good sever
game-hours: 1551.5
review: GLHF
game-hours: 400.1
review: This game really takes my time and emotions! Cant live without it like cant live without .
game-hours: 1885.9
review: Dota 2 is very good game that you must try playing! Enjoy!
game-hours: 173.8
review: Toxic, hatefull abusive community that has no clear understanding of respect towards new players. i de installed the due to this issue. All i can say to the majority of rude dota players (not all) GET A LIFE!!!!!!
game-hours: 360.5
review: Your first is the worst.
game-hours: 546.6
review: good and trust worthy
game-hours: 525.3
review: Tried it and now hooked.
game-hours: 221.4
review: Likeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
game-hours: 234.5
review: Best MOBA game i have ever play !!! Recommend !!!
game-hours: 3212.8
review: good
game-hours: 473.7
review: this game is flipin awesome
game-hours: 1270.7
review: Game of Throws.
game-hours: 0.7
review: M8 not even good.
game-hours: 849.3
review: well this game is absoulutely amazing even though i envy some player with so many awesome items ,, i suggest that this should be played by all :D thanks for making this game free :D
game-hours: 904.6
review: this game is simply the best.......game........ever
game-hours: 15.2
review: Lol is better
game-hours: 1756.5
review: Good Game Ever
game-hours: 558.9
review: This Game is Awesome and Fun :D
game-hours: 512.7
review: The best MOBA on the market. Worth every penny if you buy it, worth your time if you got it free.
game-hours: 1516.0
review: Exciting if without pinoy
game-hours: 3294.8
review: nice~
game-hours: 790.8
review: Amazing game. So much depth. You'll always feel like you have more to learn. The game is constantly changing with patches and new heroes being added. It's almost impossible to ever become bored. Completely free to play. The only purchases are cosmetic and do not effect the gameplay in any way. Would recommend to anyone who likes competitive games. The pro scene is evergrowing and very exciting. 10/10 Give it a try.
game-hours: 591.3
review: THIS GAME is LIKE HEAVEN on EARTH :) more power DOTA 2
game-hours: 681.2
review: Awesome Game!
game-hours: 3121.0
review: good game
game-hours: 682.0
review: An unbelievably deep and complex game that offers the purest sequel to the original DotA. The difficulty curve is brutal at first, but play a few games with some friends, learn the basics of the game, and you'll be having a blast in no time.
game-hours: 1064.4
review: not bad
game-hours: 2276.1
review: i like this game so much!!!
game-hours: 1184.4
review: best
game-hours: 1651.7
review: say no to real life, say yes to dota 2
game-hours: 65.6
review: awesome!!! hehe
game-hours: 1380.0
review: Better than League of Lesbians
game-hours: 208.4
review: NICE GAME, THIS SO FUN!
game-hours: 357.8
review: NICE GAME
game-hours: 71.3
review: I recommend it and it is a great game i know you think it is stupid but when you start playing you wont go far from your PC!!!
game-hours: 2930.6
review: i love dota 2 so good to play this game was awesome!
game-hours: 602.3
review: Cause im the best
game-hours: 733.9
review: good game
game-hours: 914.7
review: Nice game of the years :)
game-hours: 781.6
review: dota2
game-hours: 1878.7
review: I currently live in street my wife kicked me out I barely survive on the food from peoples leftovers in bins just so i can continue playing dota using starbucks wifi and the laptop I stole from local pc shop. I want my life back.
game-hours: 1302.7
review: ZXC
game-hours: 2057.6
review: Lets just say, there is nothing more thrilling than playing till the sun comes up, and when ur playing with friends, even the russians become likeable, this game is the only reason i wake up in the morning, i definatly recommend this masterpiece.
game-hours: 1189.8
review: Really nice game
game-hours: 341.3
review: good game
game-hours: 713.5
review: NICEGAME
game-hours: 1070.9
review: this game really cool you must try it
game-hours: 1051.1
review: I ILKE RAMPAGE ... YOU KNOW GG ? YEAHHH FUNYY
game-hours: 691.0
review: AMAZiNG! USE YOUR BRAINSSSSSSSSSSS
game-hours: 356.9
review: Dota 2 - Russian Language Simulator 1/1
game-hours: 1227.9
review: Lifesteal 100%
game-hours: 4259.6
review: Meh
game-hours: 33.3
review: i like this game.. much better than dota 1 because of its graphics but some heroes are not yet in game
game-hours: 359.0
review: Try it after a few games and guides. Contragulations, Volvo now owns your life...!
game-hours: 2098.9
review: VERY ADDICTING AND AWESOME!!!!
game-hours: 643.9
review: im the one
game-hours: 2698.6
review: extremely amazing game
game-hours: 1486.2
review: Zzz
game-hours: 500.8
review: good
game-hours: 585.8
review: !
game-hours: 717.1
review: <3
game-hours: 2171.4
review: just try it
game-hours: 3869.7
review: Best way to become (and meet) a heartless and cruel individual who enjoys inflicting suffering upon others, specially if they are less skilled and experienced. In addition murdering innocent by-standers as well as trees seems to be the trend, while flaming teammates or opponents is another popular culture in the game. But at the end of it all this game is all about channeling your innner hatred and getting all your frustration out on those who dares to press the "Find Match" button in around the same time as you. All in all excellent gaming experience and obviously the best use of your time.
game-hours: 980.3
review: give a great support to this game!
game-hours: 592.8
review: good
game-hours: 2040.2
review: Hey all people in this earth!! DID U KNOW THAT DOTA 2 IS THE MOST PLAYED GAME IN THIS PLANET?? 'it is!!' so you people out there better play this epic game cause... WHO DID NOT PLAY THIS GAME WILL WASTE YOUR LIFE WITH USELESS FUN.. a good game to play with freind and find new friends..AND also a place u can find new enemies... Come!! Challenge your mind and skil in this epic game called DOTA 2 by Valve :D peace...
game-hours: 770.3
review: Dota 2 is the currently best E-sport and will still be the best even in the future. And it is the third most spending sport of the world. (y)
game-hours: 44.4
review: i love dis
game-hours: 1760.1
review: Great game. Takes time to learn, but the gameplay is very addictive and fun once you learn the basics.
game-hours: 654.7
review: It is not just a game.
game-hours: 1224.1
review: =D
game-hours: 3183.6
review: Best free to play Moba in my opinion.
game-hours: 329.8
review: an outworld devourer told me to gank as dazzler 10/10 would fail agian
game-hours: 5132.4
review: best game
game-hours: 1911.8
review: superb !
game-hours: 4458.1
review: one of the best games i ever played....
game-hours: 422.9
review: Good Game
game-hours: 3166.0
review: better than League of Legends
game-hours: 193.1
review: very nice
game-hours: 1155.2
review: there is only one video game worth playing, and that is Dota 2. keep calm and play Dota.
game-hours: 905.5
review: awesome game love it :)
game-hours: 1475.9
review: This Game is one of the best games I ever played.
game-hours: 671.1
review: I'm tired of this mothering  russians in my mothering US East servers. 10/10 would microwave then insert  into.
game-hours: 324.4
review: 420/10 would blaze again
game-hours: 1195.8
review: The king of moba.
game-hours: 1913.8
review: This game is so awesome. I started playing it since I was in Grade 5 and still playing today. It already helped me in developing my mental skills and motor skills.
game-hours: 19.4
review: Goooooooood and hard game. Try it!
game-hours: 298.3
review: I could have gotten another degree with the time spent on this game
game-hours: 1109.5
review: This game is so awesome and addicting. So, if you gonna play this game, you better give everything you got. Because once you start, there is no turning back.
game-hours: 674.7
review: This game is really amazing... The graphics and the effects are great
game-hours: 2958.3
review: Nice...
game-hours: 3.9
review: Pretty gr8/ 0 m8
game-hours: 0.5
review: Wait a minute... People still play this game?
game-hours: 1325.1
review: super game but change the axe ult
game-hours: 10.2
review: This Game is soooooooooooooooooooooooooo good!!!! so strategical!
game-hours: 677.9
review: GGWP
game-hours: 832.2
review: .
game-hours: 791.3
review: yes
game-hours: 2712.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1472.4
review: First of all, this game sucks because russian  are brain damaged  suckers. League of lesbians is way better than this  sucking game!!!!  u DOTA players, I hope u all gonna get cancer and DIE DIE DIE DIE DIE!!!1
game-hours: 459.9
review: Got called a  and then )))). 10/10 recommend
game-hours: 1675.7
review: Free, Fun to Play.
game-hours: 1513.8
review: i think its nice game, keep moving
game-hours: 1320.8
review: Perfect game without negative sides.
game-hours: 672.2
review: AWesome
game-hours: 330.0
review: awesome :)
game-hours: 1341.2
review: good
game-hours: 2821.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 5355.3
review: best game ever. just needs better servers sometimes
game-hours: 5036.8
review: good game
game-hours: 1707.5
review: can i climb the trees?
game-hours: 111.1
review: Just Dota
game-hours: 1045.7
review: this game is awesome
game-hours: 2149.2
review: Do i really have to say !!!! i think a 10 million dollar tournament tells you how good this game is lol Defenitly recommended.
game-hours: 0.7
review: League of legend is Better
game-hours: 32.2
review: great
game-hours: 774.9
review: my favourite game
game-hours: 1483.0
review: DK vs LGD
game-hours: 1252.8
review: Mnogo gadna igra!
game-hours: 883.3
review: MOST EPIC GAME EVER
game-hours: 186.0
review: Keren
game-hours: 876.6
review: i love this game
game-hours: 14.5
review: I've spent over 9000 hours on the original DotA, and even though DotA 2 is very similar and extremely fun to play, the lack of heros is a turn off for me. Not only that, but the game is HIGHLY ADDICTIVE and can pretty much ruin your life if you can't controll your will to play this 24x7x365.
game-hours: 697.8
review: This game is not just a game, this game can be the way of life
game-hours: 34.2
review: so CooL!
game-hours: 67.2
review: good graphic and sound.
game-hours: 2409.1
review: nice and good
game-hours: 2.5
review: I didn't play it yet.
game-hours: 928.3
review: .............................................................................................................................
game-hours: 2111.3
review: Good
game-hours: 292.6
review: I like this game
game-hours: 1332.7
review: It is getting better.
game-hours: 1066.6
review: better then league of legends......
game-hours: 2311.3
review: nice one
game-hours: 3457.5
review: (Y)
game-hours: 5502.1
review: Great game but as every MOBA suffers from its community and the most of the matches are unbalanced or with people not willing to communicate
game-hours: 2197.3
review: Simply irresistible and addictive as hell.
game-hours: 1013.7
review: good game
game-hours: 152.4
review: If you like the MOBA genre, you'll love this game. Just remember kids, play with friends, or else it sucks.
game-hours: 428.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 1701.6
review: Really the best Moba all over the world
game-hours: 2187.7
review: Dota 2
game-hours: 46.8
review: almost perfect until they've launched all of the heroes 9/10 graphics 9/10 audio 9/10 gameplay 10/10 sheeps, frogs, flying chickens 11/10  and a hundred percent chance of ruining your life, and abs :V
game-hours: 9.3
review: Started getting into MOBA's and its a very fun game to check out
game-hours: 1606.6
review: I never liked games like league of legends or smite, but Dota 2 is a whole new story. It is absolutely a great and addictive game to play. The character selection is massive compare to LOL. It is more complicated than League of Legends, so it will take more time learning the game. Some differences between the two games are: 1) couriers that bring you items instead of walking to base to get it 2) you have to buy Town scrolls to teleport back to base. 3) you can "deny" creeps. ( killing your own creeps so your opponent gets less gold and exp) 4) if you die, you lose gold and is harder to comeback from 5) in game voice chat 6) "pause" key to halt the game if you need something. ( anybody can unpause regardless of who paused it) Based off my experience in this game, i haven't encounter much "ragers". I get the occasional one here and there, but not as often as League of legends. Update: Ever since i started doing ranked matches, there have been more "ragers" and non-english speakers. It was frustrating at times, but I got over it. If you don't like the bad side of this game's community, i suggest getting friends to queue up with you. Don't have friends that play dota? Make new friends during your games. You'd be surprise at how nice some people are in games. Don't worry too much about the Haters. Let them hate, while you enjoy a good time playing dota. Online games will always have some haters, especially games that involves a lot of teamwork. Based off my experience in this game, i haven't encounter much "ragers". I get the occasional one here and there, but not as often as League of legends.
game-hours: 105.0
review: Fun
game-hours: 1453.9
review: wwwwwaaaaaaaaaaaaa
game-hours: 1782.8
review: good game
game-hours: 12.5
review: This is AWESOME game.
game-hours: 495.2
review: I've spent 435 hours in this game at the time of this review. That equates to roughly 18 days, or just over half a month. It is far and away my most played game on Steam (my next most played game is TF2 with 150-some hours), which doesn't even compare. This game is hard. Possibly the most complicated thing I've ever done in these 18 days is walking in front of NPC units as they walk across the map and stopping periodically so that they have to stop to - thereby allowing me to attack the enemy's units at a safer area relative to my side of the map. This game is more than just a game I play - I can also watch games from within the client, both from my friends and from professional DotA 2 teams. The International, a Valve-created tournament held in Seattle, will this year have a prizepool of over TEN MILLION dollars (mostly funded by the community). The hats and other accessories in this game are also spectacular - I sometimes wonder whether I'm playing a game where I viciously kill different creatures on a battlefield, or one where I play dress-up with oddly disfigured digital dolls. Although if you don't want to spend your days getting flamed you should probably pick up this game at the same time as four other friends. tl;dr - Community (at least in the metagame) is good. Valve is good. Game is great. Play with friends.
game-hours: 2296.0
review: + rep to this game
game-hours: 715.4
review: True amazing game ever!
game-hours: 1166.5
review: Amazing and fun.. instead of playing the game alone, i can play it with friends..
game-hours: 125.9
review: A Really good and a Fantastic Strategy-Based Game!!!
game-hours: 1587.5
review: This is a perfect game for group of friends. It is also nice since you are able to compete with different people around the world.
game-hours: 4831.6
review: This Game was Awesome ........ i Like it ... try it now, you wont regret .....
game-hours: 341.6
review: 10/10 awesome game ^_^. When you play and selected a hero, It has a recommend item which is good for new players.
game-hours: 1266.7
review: like like
game-hours: 726.6
review: POkoknya baguss
game-hours: 461.9
review: These game is very good!
game-hours: 1845.5
review: asdsadsa
game-hours: 304.6
review: BIGGA GAME FO LIFE
game-hours: 1519.2
review: kurangajar
game-hours: 1591.1
review: o.o
game-hours: 994.4
review: Very addicting game.
game-hours: 94.7
review: best moba
game-hours: 250.9
review: good game
game-hours: 330.7
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 839.0
review: dota2
game-hours: 429.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 2618.5
review: i like this game so much
game-hours: 2188.2
review: Best game 4ever <3<3<3
game-hours: 110.9
review: Good Game
game-hours: 2123.3
review: game do not play
game-hours: 509.3
review: i like this game
game-hours: 943.2
review: THIS GAME IS A MUST!
game-hours: 961.2
review: very nice
game-hours: 9.8
review: I was voted most valuable player in matchmaking by a european who left the game 10 minutes in with no punishment. Feed, trash talk your teammates while alive, dying, dead, and respawning. Be a bigger gangster than Pretty Boy Floyd with zero consequences! 10/10
game-hours: 1173.0
review: s
game-hours: 816.1
review: so much fun to play this game :)
game-hours: 888.4
review: Veri stronk game
game-hours: 1359.5
review: Yes
game-hours: 480.7
review: test
game-hours: 2743.8
review: this game
game-hours: 1009.1
review: best game ever !
game-hours: 427.8
review: Omg such a pay to win
game-hours: 450.6
review: The Best MOBA Game yet !!
game-hours: 1137.8
review: A sequel that improves gameplay, adds stability and evens the chances of fair-play compared to its predecesor, Defence of the Ancients.
game-hours: 1479.1
review: Good Game
game-hours: 2096.3
review: tHis game = poop the good poop!
game-hours: 1380.2
review: <3
game-hours: 4.0
review: This is a  game. tehere isn't any fun in playing it. Wortless
game-hours: 395.6
review: Must Play this good game
game-hours: 1052.0
review: like it:D
game-hours: 1321.3
review: nice
game-hours: 1430.7
review: nice game to play
game-hours: 807.7
review: best game so far.
game-hours: 7.4
review: this game ing sucks moose
game-hours: 18.0
review: i playing some games
game-hours: 396.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 646.3
review: good
game-hours: 655.1
review: yea...
game-hours: 103.8
review: nanlmaz
game-hours: 695.4
review: cool game !!!!!!!!!!1111
game-hours: 302.5
review: great game ever
game-hours: 1810.2
review: GGWP
game-hours: 865.5
review: BEST
game-hours: 1143.5
review: best game strategy ever..
game-hours: 1361.2
review: You want to make friends and have no real means to do so? Well look no more!Dota 2 is the latest social platform specialized in connecting you with others(mainly russians).No matter where you're from or on which server you play EU-West,East,Asia,US you will have the opportunity to make friends. The players and the community in general are extremely friendly and they will make you feel loved and appreciated. If you are a new player and do not play to the best of your ability, your team will always try to help you and encourage you do do better.They will use certain words to motivate you and let you know your well being means a lot to them. Honestly, I have almost 1000 hours in Dota 2 and I've spent at least 950 of them chatting with people.I even quit mIRC since Dota 2 was released.If you purchsed the compendium you have some visual emotes which the IRC didn't have.You don't have to use the plain, boring :) to show them you are smiling, you can use FACES THAT EXPRESS EMOTIONS INSIDE THE GAME.Talk about next-gen. Best social interaction platform ever since MSN messenger!Highly recommended!
game-hours: 1443.4
review: The best game and my favorite game.
game-hours: 217.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 327.7
review: Love it :)
game-hours: 1802.9
review: recomended.. but i hate racism in this game and noisy pinoy
game-hours: 656.4
review: !!!
game-hours: 4265.1
review: I think I like this game!
game-hours: 136.2
review: Eat Sleep DOTA 2
game-hours: 1226.5
review: Best MOBA period.
game-hours: 1289.2
review: DOTA 2 is easily the best MOBA out there. The technical aspec.... blah, blah, blah. 10/10
game-hours: 497.7
review: good game
game-hours: 5954.2
review: this game is awesome.
game-hours: 1132.2
review: great game, makes you mad sometimes tho
game-hours: 380.1
review: good game
game-hours: 21.8
review: I've only played a few hours and I'm already more racist than I was before. 10/10
game-hours: 2788.2
review: Basically the best game ever.. just look at my hours played.
game-hours: 432.2
review: Best MOBA ever better then Dota 1 and others MOBAS ... Love it and the grapich is insane .. Thx for Dota 2 ..
game-hours: 910.8
review: Esse jogo  Muito bom Recomendado Pra quem Gosta de uma Estratgia..
game-hours: 637.9
review: Nice
game-hours: 1387.4
review: Like playing team based games? Well Volvo ramped up the difficulty on this one for you hardcore players our there. Even If you choose English and a US server 9 times out of 10 your teamates will be speaking Spanish, Portuguese, or even Russian! So if you don't need to communicate with your teamates in a game then dota 2 is for you. REGION LOCK DOTA 2 VOLVO.
game-hours: 154.5
review: NICEEEEEEEEEE GAMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
game-hours: 619.6
review: Dope
game-hours: 909.2
review: Game ny hay lm ae nn chi :3 chi xong solo vi anh
game-hours: 3570.6
review: One of the best "strategy" action combat games out there. There is a huge learning curve and its not for casual players - so if you're planning on playing it - plan for long hours dedicated to learning everything. But once you get over that huge hurdle it can be insanely rewarding.
game-hours: 283.8
review: hey valve i offer at almost 25 pages on my offerring why you give me only 1 25 compedium points this is so unfair my friends offered only 10pages all are cards zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz mine are rares how could this happened. NEED EXPLANATION FOR YOU
game-hours: 2122.8
review: Best language teacher, learned russian and spanish by just playing this game. Currently learning chinese, best language teaching game ( better than that  rossetta stone, this one is free).
game-hours: 1397.5
review: Best game of all time! 900h+ oh my god!
game-hours: 719.3
review: its so funny
game-hours: 1041.0
review: this game is so god damn fun try it out you can stuck in elo hell thank to poormr system
game-hours: 2.2
review: This Game You Should Consider This Game Because Its Free And Fun
game-hours: 686.2
review: This will be a new age for me and for Dota 2. The Legendary Troll is back
game-hours: 407.8
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1548.3
review: Don't worry, Be Happy & Play Dota2!
game-hours: 689.4
review: Highly recommended for Strategy game lovers...awesome gameplay animations and spells from over 100 heroes with different roles for each....makes you addicted to virtual gaming for hours..start as a Noob then improve your skills with good teamplay and spell timings...have fun playing this :)
game-hours: 0.3
review: ....
game-hours: 908.9
review: ._. nice game
game-hours: 3260.9
review: OMG SO ING GOOD 10/10 WOULD PLAY
game-hours: 609.1
review: great game
game-hours: 1020.2
review: great game, very captivating :D
game-hours: 860.9
review: Dota 2 is one of the best strategy game..
game-hours: 662.2
review: awawaw
game-hours: 1324.7
review: I thought The Rosetta Stone was going to be the best way to learn Russian, but boy was a wrong! Learn Russian in under thirty days with this free software from Valve! Great works like "" and "Courier Noob" among others taught. This is the kind of edutainment games I can get behind. Thanks, Valve. I hear the Spanish/Peruvian expansion pack is in the works.
game-hours: 855.6
review: This is in awesome!!
game-hours: 3016.5
review: good, better, best
game-hours: 4462.8
review: coool dota
game-hours: 1292.1
review: GGWP
game-hours: 2330.6
review: good game.
game-hours: 899.5
review: gJ
game-hours: 1598.8
review: it's ok, r8 8/8 m8 - ign
game-hours: 3.6
review: Played one match, got told to delete the game.
game-hours: 230.8
review: Very addictive game, if you know what Warcraft 3 Dota, LoL, HoN is you know what this is.
game-hours: 458.7
review: Dota 2 is awesome. You dont wanna miss it.
game-hours: 708.5
review: Best MOBA game ever
game-hours: 562.8
review: Nice
game-hours: 3.9
review: ayou no now now its now a layy kits
game-hours: 14.3
review: Made a 10 year old Russian kid cry 10/10
game-hours: 925.8
review: Best Moba game
game-hours: 6063.6
review: Dota 2 is a game with insane replayability there are only a few game with such level of replayability, the matchmaking system is fine(even if ur matched with noobs ur supposed to make them win the game). the balance is fine even if it have flaws sometimes,most of the heroes have different gameplay and some of the have very fun abilities like hook,pounce,lighting ball.the art style of the game is good and the hero design is pretty good aswell, the graphics too. the game itself is just very fun and replayable but there are some flaws like server downtimes,your favorite hero getting nerfed to oblvion,@ssholes and crashes even tho they're super super rare and they're even rarer ingame tho the real main feature of dota 2 is that it makes you rage at your friends!!!! lis  . I  d i svi ussi. lease sed l,     .      si ui fi.
game-hours: 1049.5
review: dota is one of the best games on steam and its free!
game-hours: 2164.4
review: Yeah
game-hours: 207.9
review: <3
game-hours: 9.5
review: Jogo lixoso cheio de bonequinho escroto n  q nem LOL q tem boneco bonito e charmoso
game-hours: 5052.4
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 953.3
review: i wish this game will exist until my grandchild also plays it
game-hours: 612.1
review: Bestest Game In The Whole Wide World!
game-hours: 1554.6
review: So fun!
game-hours: 870.0
review: Can't stop playing, ruined life 10/10 would not play again
game-hours: 1558.7
review: awesome
game-hours: 534.1
review: :D
game-hours: 283.1
review: Thanks to this amazing game, i can now fluently speak russian. /10 would reccomend
game-hours: 601.3
review: can be lots of fun... or as equally frustrating. lots of time to play this game, as it builds over the length of time you invest into it. it all depends on how good your team plays together and how bad the other team does the same. no matter how good you are or your team... there could be just the perfect group of characters and teamwork on the other team and they just stomp you. or other maps where your whole team randoms their characters... and you win without really trying. argh. but i am still drawn towards this game like a moth to the flame. much to the moth's demise. and mine.
game-hours: 2416.6
review: My friends tell me Dota 2 is hard to play just judging from watching me or other people play and yet they're playing WC3 Dota. After some time they decided to try it and to their surprise it was not as hard as they first thought. So, try playing Dota 2 instead of just watching other people play. Good luck and have fun!
game-hours: 1537.8
review: nicegame
game-hours: 1061.5
review: China doto, best doto
game-hours: 821.2
review: good game !! EVER!!
game-hours: 913.1
review: good game & exciting :D better play with fr dude!
game-hours: 1951.5
review: game soo good
game-hours: 1808.7
review: nice
game-hours: 9.5
review: I played for bit, it looked beutiful and everyting. This game just wasn't my style but would definely play if I gotten into it before I got into LoL
game-hours: 11371.8
review: Great MOBA, much better than any others out there, just need to dedicate some time and learn the basics! Feel free to ask me any questions or for tips!
game-hours: 1043.3
review: This game is awesome. Enjoy more by playing it with your friends.
game-hours: 308.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 541.2
review: beutifulll game
game-hours: 2599.1
review: awesome game
game-hours: 1314.5
review: like
game-hours: 1575.0
review: good game
game-hours: 1440.4
review: This game will simultaneously improve and ruin your life, don't get but actually do get it
game-hours: 979.2
review: what i like about this game is we have multiple options in building items and the graphics are so real. i also recommend others to try and play
game-hours: 462.4
review: epic :3
game-hours: 1428.5
review: its alright i guess.
game-hours: 1324.9
review: this is my game , i love it
game-hours: 5313.6
review: fun game!!!!!!
game-hours: 822.5
review: nice dota2
game-hours: 1397.1
review: This game is good
game-hours: 1187.4
review: best game ever
game-hours: 882.8
review: good job
game-hours: 1460.0
review: This game is probebly one of the best games I have ever played. It takes some time to get to know it, but after you do, its a ton of fun. I've spent hundereds of hourers in it, and it has a lot of replay ability. One of the best thing to do in this game, is to get together with youre friends and have a good round of dota. I give this game a 10/10
game-hours: 255.4
review: goodlike
game-hours: 1187.0
review: recommended game
game-hours: 1003.3
review: Superb game
game-hours: 340.1
review: where is pitloard ?
game-hours: 426.2
review: AOS
game-hours: 21.1
review: $$$$$
game-hours: 1370.2
review: that greet game ever i see in
game-hours: 777.5
review: SO ING FUN! NEVER GET BORED OF THIS, NOT IN IT FOR THE MONEY GAME. Thx Valve
game-hours: 812.5
review: review :)
game-hours: 1130.4
review: This an awesome game!!!
game-hours: 2257.0
review: not bad
game-hours: 1937.8
review: nc game!
game-hours: 1326.8
review: GG
game-hours: 132.3
review: best game ever
game-hours: 838.7
review: Dota 1 but BETTER. GET IT NOW.
game-hours: 609.5
review: This is the best MOBA game i've knwon.
game-hours: 1640.7
review: Nice game!!!
game-hours: 2603.4
review: Chen!! Chen! And Chen
game-hours: 451.0
review: Best free to play game i have ever played. A free game that doesn't shove micro transactions down your throat? Yes please. This game gives a giant amount of characters to play , all for free ; all well detailed and with balanced special abilities that players will enjoy trying out. Oh and by the way say goodbye to outside life
game-hours: 1397.2
review: incredible
game-hours: 53.1
review: who
game-hours: 200.5
review: Putin Vodka Putin 10/10
game-hours: 284.5
review: i like this game
game-hours: 1314.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 2867.4
review: This Game is awesome! \m/
game-hours: 3232.8
review: Fun , Time killer , Anything that you can think of is here
game-hours: 213.3
review: ,  , ? !  Dota2!
game-hours: 5994.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 74.2
review: You must play this game
game-hours: 2317.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 17.6
review: it's terrible
game-hours: 791.6
review: lot of fun..but some people in game like to insult each others and lot of racism..
game-hours: 1660.8
review: Very Addictive game... Literally changed my life :D DOTA for LIFE...
game-hours: 248.0
review: I now have a b-12 deficiency. 10/10
game-hours: 874.7
review: One of my favorite games, have played this since the original back in the days of WC3
game-hours: 2147.7
review: nicce
game-hours: 1793.3
review: THIS GAME
game-hours: 958.1
review: Everything that ever existed/10 One of the best games ever made. Cannot recomend more.
game-hours: 6159.2
review: AAA
game-hours: 3413.0
review: NICE !!
game-hours: 1064.4
review: cool
game-hours: 896.7
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 2986.1
review: ........
game-hours: 461.7
review: ok lah bgt
game-hours: 575.6
review: If you dream of one day actully doing something in your live productive. This game will kill that dream. Have fun.
game-hours: 281.5
review: good game
game-hours: 1290.5
review: love it
game-hours: 586.0
review: :D
game-hours: 678.2
review: i like the game because its in a 3D mode
game-hours: 1124.8
review: Dota 2 is the best RTS Games. This game can help you increase your teamwork ability not just in-game, but your teamwork ability on real life, will increasing too.
game-hours: 20.4
review: It's a great game. I highly recommend it because of the amount of variety. It gives you over 50.. no.. over 100 combinations of characters and items to use in battle. In Dota 2 you rely both on strategy and strength, and in some cases, even teamwork. But there are some few drawbacks, for example, there's only 1 map and finding an online game in some regions takes several minutes. ( Or at least, that is my case ). But still, the design of characters, effects and models, compared to the ones from Dota 1, are fascinating. I really like the new heroes' look. Plus, it's not like you really have to pay for useful weapons and items. You can buy things in-game, in map shops to strengthen your hero, and even your team. I really give this game a HIGH ranking!
game-hours: 2083.4
review: Best game ever. I just want to thanks. Thanks Valve. Thanks Icefrog. YOU ARE AWESOME.
game-hours: 1028.2
review: great game.
game-hours: 300.1
review: Free to play :)
game-hours: 1101.8
review: This is effective killer your time, career, school, future .... DOTA 2 - the killer of your life!  , , , .... DOTA 2 -   !
game-hours: 166.0
review: i PLAT DOTA and when i win my blood pumps hard and i breathe its like im breathing frot the1rst tim E ever adn i need to kill again i m gonna smash u U LOSERS
game-hours: 4783.6
review: Man... the best MOBA in the world
game-hours: 1039.3
review: This game is in the verge of ruining my life, and it totally worth it.
game-hours: 1234.1
review: this game is awsome despite of boring performance or play of the last TI4, but over all, im only 1 of many player who loves DOTA2 than other things.
game-hours: 34.2
review: Awesome
game-hours: 2170.1
review: glhf=D
game-hours: 393.4
review: yes
game-hours: 1614.8
review: really sentimental games !
game-hours: 229.3
review: Greatest game EVER! :D
game-hours: 2256.2
review: This is the Best MOBA game is this world. Nuff Said.
game-hours: 2725.3
review: Best gamer ever.
game-hours: 1.2
review: It was nice i liked it. The graphics were awesome and so was the music and all. The beginning part explains it all. like how you can get items. Also enjoyed being that sniper guy. I like the Dragon Knight the best though to be honest. however, I do not feel like just sitting here on my computer for hours trying to defeat someone or the computer. They had that dota 2 international championship for 3 days for a reason people. I also rage quit. No I was just getting angry at how long the battle was taking and how annoying it was to keep on dying with the healing potion or tree healer items just healed me for a little bit like maybe just 5 hp at a time. It was still a good game to play.
game-hours: 4186.2
review: awesome
game-hours: 463.1
review: Dota 2 - best game steam has
game-hours: 281.1
review: great game, lots of replay value. easy to learn but tough to master
game-hours: 2307.1
review: This game man This game is totally awesome. Firstly its free. And its total fun. Also its not a pay to win game. Ive been a fan of dota during warcraft itself but dota 2 is more amazing. This game requires you to have alot of patience and determination. Yes there is customization in this games and yes you have to buy the items. But u also get items each time when level( this is a for sure getting) and u also might get an item by chance after each game. U can also sell the items u get. In total this game is spectacular.
game-hours: 1128.0
review: dota 2 are the best
game-hours: 287.9
review: The best game ever on steam trust me
game-hours: 1094.7
review: GGWP
game-hours: 101.1
review: Dota2 is something more than a game. It is a test. But that let my comment put you off. What lays under this very intricate, complex game is and experience you won't get anywhere else. It raises the bar on teamwork in multiplayer games. Because without teamwork you'll surely fail. And that is something a lot of multiplayer games try and fail with the self appointed hero player trying to show off. Each member, including the NPC are important. The controls, the interface will be daunting and put most people off, like me for instance. Because the game itself is 'INSTENSE' from the get go! But once you get use to the heroes you can play as, the lingo and system, that instensity that put you off, will drive you. Dota2 is more than just a game, it's a sport. And with all sports, you can make a great hobby out of it. You can have great fun. Or you can go pro. Oh! And it's FREE!!! Give it a go and don't be put off.
game-hours: 2659.4
review: Super Super :*
game-hours: 450.2
review: 6966
game-hours: 1822.2
review: very addictive game
game-hours: 2113.1
review: WellPlay !
game-hours: 276.6
review: awesome!!
game-hours: 1103.1
review: Dota is an awsome game which any aged person can play it.I love dota 2
game-hours: 240.0
review: If you liked warcraft 1, 2 or 3 then you will love this!
game-hours: 131.4
review: The Best Games ! (Y) nice.. but have daily update so why ?
game-hours: 1517.0
review: I avoided MOBAs for so long, you know. I really did. Barring a short and entirely disagreeable experience with the original Defense of the Ancients map for Warcraft 3, and a brief stint playing Demigod (which I thoroughly enjoyed, all the while failing to notice it pretty much was Defense of the Ancients) I hadnt touched this genre at all. Heroes of Newerth? Nope. League of Legends? Nah. Dota 2? Good grief, no. There were plenty of reasons for this. First, my initial experience with Warcraft 3s Dota map really was that bad. Second, MOBA communities have a rather strong reputation for being full of complete cockhandles, and I dont deal well with destructive criticism. Third, Im not a huge fan of most pure multiplayer games; I tend to prefer playing solo where I can. It did not appear to be the game for me...
game-hours: 1093.9
review: this game is so addictive because of its graphics <3
game-hours: 207.6
review: very good game
game-hours: 824.2
review: awesome game ;DDD
game-hours: 935.7
review: This game always make me fun and release all my stress. I love playing this game.
game-hours: 212.0
review: Sus ve oyna..
game-hours: 356.7
review: It's like heroin for people who are afraid of needles
game-hours: 301.1
review: play this
game-hours: 2260.0
review: TEST
game-hours: 2103.8
review: Here love even your parents
game-hours: 4149.5
review: i think, DOTA 2 is best strategy and teamwork game in the world.. yes, after DOTA 1 :p
game-hours: 1221.4
review: Really awesome game! Would recommend learning this instead of learning League of Legends. Dota 2 is worth its time.
game-hours: 1496.5
review: such team play, strategy, mind games. 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 3950.3
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1203.6
review: Greatest game in valve atm.
game-hours: 809.1
review: BEST GAME EVAH
game-hours: 375.7
review: its a very intresting game about the match betweeen dire and the radiant !!!!! the is intresting bcause of the various abilities and powers of the vaious heroes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 124.3
review: It's Awesome And Like LOL. i don't judge:P
game-hours: 654.7
review: It is not just a game.
game-hours: 1224.1
review: =D
game-hours: 3183.6
review: Best free to play Moba in my opinion.
game-hours: 329.8
review: an outworld devourer told me to gank as dazzler 10/10 would fail agian
game-hours: 5132.4
review: best game
game-hours: 1911.8
review: superb !
game-hours: 4458.1
review: one of the best games i ever played....
game-hours: 422.9
review: Good Game
game-hours: 3167.2
review: better than League of Legends
game-hours: 193.1
review: very nice
game-hours: 114.2
review: ckckckck
game-hours: 86.2
review: Games great for scrubs
game-hours: 486.0
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 146.7
review: preper fer teh scery men to tern arond when da gem startz, itz a troll gem.
game-hours: 1990.2
review: A
game-hours: 845.9
review: Wew, it's an good game if you wan't to try hard, try it if you can!
game-hours: 747.2
review: best doto
game-hours: 1953.1
review: qeqweqwe
game-hours: 516.1
review: Want a friendly community who accepts mistakes? Want a team that speaks your language? Go play an inferior game. Want a game that is as rewarding as it is frustrating that is more in-depth and strategic than anything in the genre. This is your game. 10/10 Would recommend to the serious gamers, not those who want a chill/laid back game. Also you can kill donkeys.
game-hours: 3422.2
review: Ok boleh la game ni
game-hours: 771.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 590.9
review: Best game in the world
game-hours: 49.4
review: Fun game, once you find your Hero. Experimenting with each type is good, and just playing an AI battle with a few friends is a good way to pass the time.
game-hours: 1845.2
review: highly recommended for gamers
game-hours: 546.2
review: Complcated game that makes me angry countless times a day, and yet i still keep playing. Someone find me a good rehab center
game-hours: 837.2
review: great game!
game-hours: 1512.9
review: gg
game-hours: 1161.4
review: very reccomended :))
game-hours: 83.1
review: cool
game-hours: 1368.8
review: odlicna igra samo masu rusa koji su nabine :D
game-hours: 25.3
review: Meh.
game-hours: 926.1
review: best moba type game ever played
game-hours: 16.8
review: I'm the best.Period.
game-hours: 2835.4
review: Este game  simplesmente fantstico, o melhor que j joguei, uma mistura de raciocinio rpido , foco e pacincia. Um jogo que no existe idade nem cultura para se jogar, recomendo a todos.
game-hours: 1349.3
review: 2ez
game-hours: 3005.4
review: Game OWNS. Glados announcer is god tier, best thing ever in a game. Praise Valve. Thank you based Gaben. Amen.
game-hours: 69.7
review: I learned how to speak spanish in 2 weeks 11/10 would love to learn russian
game-hours: 1336.8
review: good game . without well played
game-hours: 583.5
review: Fun.
game-hours: 498.2
review: i love this game, its so fun to play ( provided there are polite ppl around ) lol
game-hours: 674.6
review: The best MOBA ever. Paws down.
game-hours: 636.1
review: This game is really nice. If you wanna win this game, it's not just your skill but it's about team.
game-hours: 2606.2
review: PERFECTO !!!
game-hours: 43.5
review: It's a hard lovely game
game-hours: 1325.4
review: Probably my favorite MOBA. Was heavy into League and struggled getting used to this. Once you get used to it though, it's tons more fun than League.
game-hours: 632.9
review: my low priority are not stop.. please fix it steam.. i try hard to complete and finish all the low priority... but i keep get low priority... please fix my account...
game-hours: 619.0
review: addictive game amazing competition with amazing price very recommended
game-hours: 384.1
review: cool.
game-hours: 2191.3
review: >Buy treasure for $2.49 >Want unusual couriers >Gaben give  that cost $0.20 on the steam market 10/10 would buy Treasure again.
game-hours: 3186.6
review: top
game-hours: 779.6
review: you can try
game-hours: 870.1
review: i want the game graphics and game it self
game-hours: 899.6
review: n1n1n1
game-hours: 617.8
review: Fantastic game
game-hours: 441.8
review: ohsem game
game-hours: 26.7
review: big black sack
game-hours: 2651.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 990.4
review: yhaay nice dota2
game-hours: 337.0
review: Dota is only a game but by this game you can learn a lot of lessons
game-hours: 1594.5
review: very recommended
game-hours: 1990.7
review: cool
game-hours: 978.9
review: Learning a new Russian word every match. 10/10 would study Russian again.
game-hours: 873.7
review: lovely game :D <3
game-hours: 1014.2
review: BEST GAME!!! NAVI NAVI NAVI!!!!!
game-hours: 3879.4
review: AWESOME !!!!!
game-hours: 1476.4
review: AaA
game-hours: 2302.7
review: awsome
game-hours: 1505.5
review: i like this game because i enjoy.
game-hours: 712.6
review: This Game Is Awesome! Totally Awesome! Great Job Valve :D
game-hours: 1973.0
review: thumbs up
game-hours: 1584.4
review: GG!!!
game-hours: 881.0
review: Awesome Game I've Ever Played In My entire Life !
game-hours: 1470.1
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 1434.6
review: very good game but why use so much bandwidth??? T_T
game-hours: 361.0
review: This is a nice game
game-hours: 711.4
review: GG
game-hours: 99.9
review: Great game, love it!
game-hours: 435.2
review: Amazing gameeeee
game-hours: 576.0
review: THE only game that your team is english and your enemys are russains (always) and mepo is the best!
game-hours: 1072.8
review: cool
game-hours: 893.7
review: greatest game
game-hours: 2276.3
review: Dota 2 is a fantastic MOBA styled game. I have really built up my friends list while playing Dota 2. There are a few draw backs with the community sometimes being "not so welcoming." Also the language barrier is a big deal when playing with people out of your region. The game has a bit of a learnning curve, but once you are hooked, you can't log off. For more Dota 2 reviews visit my blog at
game-hours: 1149.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 573.4
review: :-bd
game-hours: 916.1
review: Epic And you never get bored of it
game-hours: 992.8
review: xbest gamex
game-hours: 1714.8
review: Recommended one
game-hours: 3806.2
review: Great Game !
game-hours: 2629.0
review: Best MOBA everrr :D
game-hours: 1824.9
review: i lv dota 2
game-hours: 2197.9
review: I had a life
game-hours: 376.4
review: :)
game-hours: 1019.4
review: dope
game-hours: 857.8
review: intertaining at the same time learning
game-hours: 1271.4
review: Russian! Russian everywhere! But God damn really freaking so good game. If anyone want's to say something about League of Lesbians versus DotA 2, go play in sand first.
game-hours: 4349.7
review: Well played Ping Ping Ping Well played Game is hard
game-hours: 669.3
review: ai like
game-hours: 578.3
review: :)
game-hours: 268.7
review: Great way to meet South Americans and Eastern Europeans.
game-hours: 3984.1
review: loko demais
game-hours: 1160.2
review: Fantastic! a must try for anyone who enjoys RPG and/or strategy!
game-hours: 674.3
review: Nice game
game-hours: 4016.0
review: this is an extraordinarially awesome game cant express in words just beautifull job guyz
game-hours: 1193.4
review: wew
game-hours: 543.1
review: dota 2 is the best game that you guys need to play!
game-hours: 5329.9
review: recomended game -_-
game-hours: 815.0
review: This game is usally fun but sometimes you run into "That Guy", He is the guy who no one wants to run into
game-hours: 1499.2
review: this game is mind blowing + awesome + unstopable + beyond stoable = dota 2
game-hours: 1105.6
review: THIS ING  IS A  WHICH POOPS THAT I PLAY THIS  GAME  IT.
game-hours: 1440.5
review: :D
game-hours: 511.1
review: Thanks volvo! I had a test coming up in my Russian II class this semester and your product has brushed me up on the finer points of  BLYAT PIZDET IDDI NAHUI  CYKA
game-hours: 263.3
review: it good
game-hours: 3695.6
review: epic
game-hours: 363.3
review: 0/10 you can't quik scope
game-hours: 242.4
review: Thor baek
game-hours: 691.8
review: The best game......the graphics are good , gameplay are good too!!!! highly recommended!!!!MUST PLAY GAME IF YOU INSTALL STEAM!!!!
game-hours: 1980.1
review: I'd rather shoot meth in my eye than play dota 2, but yet I can't stop.
game-hours: 458.9
review: nice game ^^
game-hours: 2396.8
review: Helt ok
game-hours: 1021.5
review: I like this games
game-hours: 184.5
review: Bombiges Gangstah Game !
game-hours: 487.2
review: Trolling never felt any beter than in here
game-hours: 971.2
review: what I like most is the graphics and the effects which made the game more interesting to play. what I dislike is the items that they are selling that are only limited to selected countries which is quiet unfair to other countries. However over all I would recommend others to play the game since it is a great game and very entertaining
game-hours: 477.2
review: "Makes your mind insane"
game-hours: 405.3
review: great game!!!
game-hours: 1294.4
review: id r8 8/8 m8
game-hours: 1140.5
review: nice
game-hours: 1597.2
review: dota 2 is awesome <3
game-hours: 485.7
review: Dota 2-     . Dota        Warcraft 3.   Blizzard         .       Warcraft 3    Dota.   .            Dota. Dota       Blizzard.       Dota 2.           . Valve.   Dota 2  Valve      . 2011  16   BetaTest Dota 2.  .  .       Dota.        .   2013    Dota 2(      2013 ). Dota 2         .           .    .
game-hours: 1837.1
review: bbbesssttt game ever !!!!
game-hours: 456.2
review: This game is addicting.
game-hours: 33.1
review: good graphics and nice special effects
game-hours: 1550.2
review: I am very happy to play this game because it can help me feel good, making fun everyday with friends. And also i can earn money with the items I sell. Thank you :)
game-hours: 1852.6
review: Awesome game , only trouble with the server's lags
game-hours: 591.1
review: maen dota bisa diibaratin kyk nafas, kita gk bisa idup tanpanya
game-hours: 353.0
review: nice
game-hours: 1557.6
review: Good Games
game-hours: 239.0
review: I really Love this game.^^,
game-hours: 325.3
review: Fantastic game. Much longer more intense games, better skill cap and actually requires teamwork and mana control. Oh and you don't get shitlords that scrap their way to 6 build because you actually lose gold if you are bad. Secondly, there aren't runes so everyone is equal at the start and you don't get shafted by picking the wrong runes or not owning some, Hereos are all free, items are cheaper and you can mix and match items from different sers as they go into slots and are cheaper. Finally you don't get summoner spells so people if they get caught, die. They don't flash away and you cant just run up and hit a tower without creeps due to backdoor protection, so rat dota takes skills.
game-hours: 940.9
review: g
game-hours: 2170.3
review: gg
game-hours: 60.8
review: good game, well played.
game-hours: 1230.5
review: fun
game-hours: 2093.8
review: the best game i have played
game-hours: 1082.3
review: Really fun game
game-hours: 1649.1
review: Awesome
game-hours: 1580.0
review: Find me in dota 2 and play with me
game-hours: 1.1
review: LOVE IT
game-hours: 3606.0
review: Best!!!
game-hours: 2991.3
review: ...
game-hours: 784.2
review: Father of all MOBAS
game-hours: 1776.2
review: great game
game-hours: 144.5
review: This game is good and fun to play very competitive
game-hours: 3609.1
review: this game will make you a ing racist
game-hours: 4499.7
review: Amazing Game, easy to play but the most difficult is to play in team, If you decide to play, you won't regret!! GL HF
game-hours: 2040.4
review: Interesting game
game-hours: 2578.1
review: god damn' brilliant
game-hours: 2886.4
review: sometime need find 2 time server why also server down
game-hours: 1323.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 897.0
review: this is an awesome game
game-hours: 1370.1
review: Amazing Game!
game-hours: 157.5
review: Sweet-
game-hours: 1533.7
review: nice gameplay, our strategy decides how the game will be ended, win or lose. every single move affects the whole game.
game-hours: 1857.5
review: Roshan cheese is huge 10/10 whoud  again
game-hours: 1113.0
review: dota 2 is nice game i love to play it
game-hours: 498.4
review: LOL
game-hours: 1771.0
review: Best Moba Game
game-hours: 247.4
review: ef
game-hours: 1975.5
review: GG
game-hours: 890.9
review: yolo
game-hours: 808.9
review: If this game had turnbased combat it would be a Pokmon rip-off.
game-hours: 1810.6
review: Great game!
game-hours: 468.4
review: best of all game
game-hours: 293.0
review: definitely recomend :)
game-hours: 1409.3
review: LET THE FUN BEGIN!
game-hours: 1617.8
review: Definitely the best F2P game ever made. You must try it!
game-hours: 1288.4
review: the mother of all mobas - go for it
game-hours: 266.9
review: I'm new to the moba genre. I once tried Heroes of Newerth, but my first match I got rediculed and ejected from the match for not knowing what was going on, haha. That was a few years ago. My friend recently got me to download League of Legends and give that a try with him. I've mostly been against the moba genre probably from my experience with HoN, but LoL was decent. I had fun. I decided to give Dota 2 a shot since it's a similar game but, in my opinion, better graphics and has Linux support so maybe I could get my brother to play it with me (he has now). I got to say, Dota 2 has sucked me in. The tutorial was very helpful for getting me to understand the genre as a whole better. I'm playing human vs human matches now and do decently well, sometimes being the carry for a team win. It feels to have a faster pace than LoL, which I like, and the learning curve while present, is not overwhelming. The heroes are very distinct and offer seemingly limitless playstyle opportunities.. I've been looking for a game to get "addicted" to for a long time, and although I never thought it would be a moba, Dota 2 has got me hooked. Update: Try to avoid mid-day play times. Lots of bad playing Russians on the U.S. servers during our day, and since they don't speak english, there's no communicating. They don't generally use in game forms of quick communicating either, such as pinging a location on a map. Also most seem to not grasp how to play a MOBA in general. Not sure why they don't stay on easy bot matches because they'll never help win a real match or higher difficulty bot match.
game-hours: 1467.9
review: This game is epic.Im starting to play more dota 2 then team fortress 2.
game-hours: 636.1
review: Like lol but better
game-hours: 418.5
review: Excellent game to play :)
game-hours: 1516.9
review: Amazing game! :D
game-hours: 1139.5
review: this game is freaking awesome !!! 100/10 Made me rage all day !!!
game-hours: 6820.0
review: really a nice game
game-hours: 533.8
review: Nice Game!:)
game-hours: 1337.0
review: Good game for good players. Strategy is mostly needed and teamwork is the key to win in dota 2
game-hours: 1307.1
review: asdasd
game-hours: 1458.3
review: Good Game
game-hours: 581.6
review: Great game :D very entertaining
game-hours: 3163.6
review: nice one
game-hours: 539.3
review: installed and playing ! i think ill never stop !
game-hours: 1293.9
review: i like it :v
game-hours: 1521.2
review: :)
game-hours: 764.8
review: Dota 2 not much to say other than  YES
game-hours: 3955.0
review: Great game. Very absorbing and competitive with limitless replayability.
game-hours: 119.8
review: Very Nice Game
game-hours: 1767.8
review: Its so fun.Play this game to experience fun things :D
game-hours: 1123.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 2231.0
review: Really great game I recommend you try it out.However, there are quite a few rude people,other then that it's a very fun game.
game-hours: 2135.8
review: this game is too good!!
game-hours: 1671.1
review: Amazing! ^^
game-hours: 3737.8
review: :))))
game-hours: 1999.6
review: Fun team game, when I got bored I sold most of my items on the Community Market and got around 20 Dollars ^_^
game-hours: 899.5
review: 10/10 you can learn many languages for example russian, , blyat. Ez game ez rares ez life
game-hours: 513.4
review: good game
game-hours: 677.7
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 223.5
review: gg
game-hours: 1012.9
review: i like this
game-hours: 778.0
review: good game ever on this world
game-hours: 5945.4
review: This is the ultimate get-away from reality.
game-hours: 473.8
review: Very nice game. I like
game-hours: 970.5
review: addictivily fun
game-hours: 957.1
review: this is my life <3
game-hours: 1843.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 1220.6
review: 10/10 would doto forever again and again
game-hours: 3550.4
review: The best game I've ever played.
game-hours: 764.4
review: very nice game :))
game-hours: 3422.2
review: Been 10 Years! I feel like the play style and the heroes are the really enjoyable. Dota is never ending fixing balancing etc. However this is not a downside. As it is a growing game. Dota 2 is the best at his class. If you are a new player here is what you should know though; - Make sure you ignore flamers - Try to watch couple twitch streams in order to understand how pro's do it - Be polite in games, if someone is rude to you just ignore him - If you dont want to ignore make sure you do NOT respond them. Because talkin back to them in order to explain your thoughts will just make them insult you more. THEY WILL NOT UNDERSTAND %100 Guarenteed. If you mute everyone at start of the game you should have a wonderful experience! =)
game-hours: 4.1
review: Good Game!
game-hours: 584.2
review: exactly, must play this game but too much update in this game
game-hours: 4012.5
review: I can't say anything about this game but only one thing: BEST GAME EVER!!!
game-hours: 729.5
review: Dota2 is the first reason for me to register Steam. A perfect standalone software of the famous TFT map <3 I told my friends to play this game too. If you are a fan of dota , you will be amaze by Dota2's features. But you need times to level up and item drops are a little something(maybe i'm greedy). However, this is a must-play.
game-hours: 2213.2
review: ez mmr ez rares
game-hours: 1610.7
review: Addicting as hell. It's too good of a game. Play it and you won't stop.
game-hours: 16.1
review: This game is a LOT of fun. You will probably start off terrible, but the trick is to watch videos and play a lot. I'm still not that good at it, but its fun.
game-hours: 1368.7
review: Its good to play, the graphic is more interesting, but some times u maybe meet someone who ruining the game, its relly sucks, but i like the game :v
game-hours: 1501.6
review: yayay
game-hours: 637.4
review: Amazing
game-hours: 2108.9
review: Very interesting and fun game. thanks Valve
game-hours: 707.4
review: Ez
game-hours: 52.5
review: This is a great game for those who really like to work as a TEAM to defeat the enemy. Easy controls, easy to learn gameplay. However slightly similar to such games as League of Legends, warcraft etc.
game-hours: 755.0
review: Epic 5v5 PvP action
game-hours: 87.9
review: Im going to league.
game-hours: 1401.9
review: wew
game-hours: 1923.0
review: BEST GAME !
game-hours: 2392.5
review: This is my favorite game. Learn to play hard or go home.
game-hours: 2555.3
review: A well deserved Sequel to the original DotA! 9/10
game-hours: 1467.1
review: abc
game-hours: 1530.3
review: Nothing better than this
game-hours: 1892.7
review: wow i love this game
game-hours: 442.8
review: Dope Game !! Recommended
game-hours: 579.3
review: this game is lot of fun :) i like it!
game-hours: 2733.5
review: It's Doto 2! Why not?
game-hours: 1617.3
review: great Game ever played
game-hours: 853.2
review: !!
game-hours: 1386.5
review: "Very Nice Games Ever" ^_^
game-hours: 1385.6
review: rate 9/10 (players ready)
game-hours: 641.2
review: Do not call yourself as a "gamer" if you never play this game !
game-hours: 2564.8
review: It's fantastic to play Dota2. The Best Arena-Mode 5vs5 RTS Game ever.
game-hours: 1498.5
review: A very nice game from dota 1!!!
game-hours: 208.3
review: i LOVE this game Ever
game-hours: 3087.7
review: kewl gaim
game-hours: 4196.3
review: i had 4200rating, now i have 3600 0_o
game-hours: 247.3
review: Fun
game-hours: 655.4
review: amazing
game-hours: 656.4
review: I recommend this game to so many cool kids I really enjoyed this game I currently have .1 hours in it I am really hrny when i ple dis gem Rate 13 dertas out of 10
game-hours: 347.1
review: Dota2 is good game and nice I aslo like it and i suggest you join the game Thank You All!
game-hours: 661.1
review: Got meme'd 10/10
game-hours: 3746.2
review: Nice Game~
game-hours: 1016.4
review: best game.
game-hours: 1730.3
review: I need sleep...
game-hours: 2032.3
review: DotA is the best game e ever every single gamers knows dotA
game-hours: 114.7
review: GOOD GAME !
game-hours: 2403.3
review: Best Game on Steam :)
game-hours: 143.7
review: awesome game
game-hours: 2197.7
review: the best game
game-hours: 1284.4
review: very nice strategy game :)
game-hours: 1693.3
review: i like all specialy when they give free items
game-hours: 1001.4
review: The 5v5 description of this game is indeed false. There are only two scenarios: 1v9 OR you vs the russian language. In fact, most games are probably both scenarios at once 322/4 would throw again ^looking at you z
game-hours: 1418.9
review: i love Dota2..man!
game-hours: 2398.0
review: good for ur life
game-hours: 2026.3
review: Ez win Ez Life
game-hours: 2965.8
review: Good games all the time!
game-hours: 3944.2
review: best game ever
game-hours: 3.7
review: DOWNLOAD THIS GAME AT YOUR OWN RISK! A few of my best friends ditched me and moved on with Dota! It gets them good! :D It's a good game though :3
game-hours: 62.1
review: elow ako budoy !!
game-hours: 723.2
review: !
game-hours: 1852.2
review: An incredible amount of heroes and items combine to form some of the most versatile gameplay I've ever seen. The game is completely free-to-play, with cosmetics, which you'll receive randomly by simply playing, costing very little money. In fact, there are no pay-to-win features. The learning curve is pretty steep, so if you don't persevere through your first few hours, you might just write it off as boring or too hard.
game-hours: 219.8
review: cZXX
game-hours: 898.9
review: i dislike the low priorty punishmeent pool,, y 6 games make it 2 or 3,, we dont abandon purposely i mean not all players,, bcoz our net connection is not good pls reduce low prioirty no, of matches
game-hours: 3255.1
review: awesome game best game in steam keep calm ar playing dota :)
game-hours: 2013.5
review: Gem sro
game-hours: 1332.3
review: Well Played
game-hours: 2351.9
review: YAHOOO
game-hours: 682.0
review: DOTA 2 rule!
game-hours: 4083.9
review: I recommend Dota 2
game-hours: 1489.7
review: ITS NICE HAHAHAHAHA ! THAT GAME WAS SO AWESOME :D
game-hours: 1103.2
review: Best game 5eva
game-hours: 52.6
review: great!
game-hours: 1055.8
review: good
game-hours: 239.7
review: iG vs New Bee
game-hours: 1284.4
review: This game is E-P-I-C
game-hours: 1690.2
review: They mostly come at night, mostly.....
game-hours: 164.0
review: in hay vcl
game-hours: 606.3
review: One of the best competitive gaming expirences I ever had. Play if you like MOBAS or competitive online games. One of the best ones out there. 10/10
game-hours: 569.5
review: I like this game. I don't care about losing or winning. Well, winning give me happiness LOL, but you can learn from your loses and point out your weaknesses in the game . Just remain calm , and remember, It's Only a Game .
game-hours: 338.1
review: so cool
game-hours: 2403.7
review: it's Amazing :D
game-hours: 337.2
review: good
game-hours: 900.4
review: Full of Pinoys
game-hours: 1258.2
review: It's a really good game, with good mechanics and good graphics. At first, it is boring, but when you practice and start understanding the game, it becomes a pleasure every time. All the matches seem like they're the same but they're not. It's a different game every match, with tactics and fun. 10/10. PS: There are Russians.
game-hours: 85.9
review: A nice refreshment away from sandbox, rpg, fps games. Also a great comeback from the old DOTA mod on world of warcraft 3. Great game, fun gameplay, new modes kept it more interesting.
game-hours: 636.4
review: rip in peace skeleton king i thot youd live forever
game-hours: 350.2
review: Its a real free to play game! No purchasable content in the game. Its not pay to win. Its competitive. Just take a look at the fastest growing game in e-sports.
game-hours: 746.0
review: amazing
game-hours: 808.5
review: nice
game-hours: 724.6
review: nice...
game-hours: 2024.6
review: Awesome and immersive gameplay! well ported from dota ! Hats off to valve
game-hours: 1528.6
review: like this game
game-hours: 1325.7
review: good
game-hours: 646.0
review: Great game :)
game-hours: 14.8
review: this game is similar to the super smash bros, but it diverges from that mold as it has a certain touch of sorrow and a solid connection with the concept of the human condition. These two factors truely make it a great game. Plus these as put in some flying- donkeys 9/10
game-hours: 1722.9
review: Best way to create conflicts with your parents/girl/friends
game-hours: 18.5
review: An update every 3 seconds. 10/10.
game-hours: 780.3
review: a in awesome game
game-hours: 898.0
review: I'm not good cuz i'm a Devil
game-hours: 2719.1
review: its ok
game-hours: 719.9
review: Hii !
game-hours: 15.8
review: First of all, there appears to be no need to ever buy this game. Someone with 10 copies of this will gift one to one of your friends, who will find his copy multiplied by 10, who can then give one to you. Now, should you actually play it? Sure - it's got unusuals and crates and all that jazz, so it's basically Team Fortress 2 for boring people. Be prepared for a steep learning curve, lots of abuse and a vocabulary full of words that will make your friends cringe. YOU GOT GANKED SON. Enjoy your 10 copies of this game.
game-hours: 68.5
review: League of Legends is very innovative and better than League of Legends. Def download bb
game-hours: 1331.2
review: very cool
game-hours: 407.3
review: yes really good game
game-hours: 1513.7
review: so nice game!
game-hours: 605.2
review: highly addictive
game-hours: 107.9
review: mantep nih gan ....
game-hours: 6976.2
review: Rly good wp valve
game-hours: 238.7
review: The first 10 hours you wanna kill yourself. You will be yelled at, cursed out, and be reported because you suck. But afterwards, its kinda fun.
game-hours: 2060.9
review: Epic battles that never stop.
game-hours: 1084.7
review: love this game <3
game-hours: 2659.8
review: is good
game-hours: 491.6
review: Unique.More exciting than LoL..1 mil x
game-hours: 3.3
review: I FOUND ME SOME POT -longkillington 2014 8/10 game wish it was swaggier with more glocks
game-hours: 524.1
review: this is a game with a fully teamwork
game-hours: 2590.1
review: 3k games since dota1 still not board maybe a little bit more r.etarded BUT not board Doto best Dota Thank you Volvo
game-hours: 2054.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 858.7
review: The game is great, but the sea server gots laggy sometimes and it also needs more heroes, new ones that would be so awesome, the graphics are legit. all in all great game !! 1
game-hours: 1509.7
review: :D
game-hours: 1015.2
review: sdasdadsadsaasdsad
game-hours: 782.1
review: Nguantuk dari tadi betting kalah tros
game-hours: 1048.8
review: Nice
game-hours: 1632.2
review: Can't get enough of it.
game-hours: 951.3
review: da best
game-hours: 3552.4
review: +rep
game-hours: 750.8
review: this is a game the people of all ages cant be bored :) gr8 game
game-hours: 792.3
review: helps burn time :3
game-hours: 1406.0
review: Pretty fun
game-hours: 508.9
review: ysoso
game-hours: 792.4
review: good
game-hours: 1345.5
review: This is game is amazing not one of the game is seen like this but now have to leave this game need to focus on studies ;) :D
game-hours: 1678.3
review: wp wp
game-hours: 224.7
review: its a godd game
game-hours: 1065.8
review: Absoluted brilliant, ruined my school grades, social life and personal hygeine. Would recommend everytime.
game-hours: 1163.8
review: pls dun play this game, it sucks your very soul
game-hours: 716.5
review: Io is such a pimp, he is by far thee best character on dota. This game is really fun and has a lot of playablility.
game-hours: 2365.6
review: nice
game-hours: 2296.6
review: Dota 2 is the best game forever
game-hours: 1704.4
review: just 1 word , AMAZING !!
game-hours: 778.0
review: Good Game
game-hours: 1260.8
review: Best MOBA game so far :)
game-hours: 674.9
review: in great game!!
game-hours: 790.8
review: DOTA 2 is a genius game by Valve that I would recommend.It has a great community if you're new to the game where players can help you at times.
game-hours: 580.3
review: What am I even doing
game-hours: 10.9
review: had trouble to get download proply but once done found it a game have to return to
game-hours: 598.9
review: sdasda
game-hours: 1919.4
review: this game is awesome. Sometimes it makes you want to rage in a literal sense, but, that is only due to the trolls and noobs in MMR. If you can convince yourself not to care about that number then you will love this game. Oh, smoke weed everyday!
game-hours: 1321.6
review: Top!!
game-hours: 187.8
review: amazing game ruined by PEOPLE ABANDONING EVRY SINGLE BLOODY MATCH
game-hours: 2532.9
review: best game everr)
game-hours: 1639.6
review: :p Dota
game-hours: 1371.1
review: Best game.........
game-hours: 791.2
review: awesome game
game-hours: 2060.0
review: love it
game-hours: 293.9
review: GG Most game
game-hours: 4859.0
review: asd
game-hours: 1276.9
review: best game ever :)
game-hours: 200.3
review: dope as
game-hours: 1081.7
review: 5/5 Russians. Hearing them rage makes it fun
game-hours: 2134.9
review: Good !
game-hours: 34.8
review: hi to all gamers
game-hours: 1889.7
review: Azaza gaming
game-hours: 1903.1
review: This game is better than League of Lesbians 10/10 rekting russians and peruvians is so fun would play again
game-hours: 5389.2
review: dota (:
game-hours: 509.1
review: epic
game-hours: 589.6
review: Best Game Ever :P
game-hours: 636.4
review: The best game for me :">
game-hours: 289.4
review: qwqwe
game-hours: 467.0
review: Good Game
game-hours: 277.4
review: great MOBA game
game-hours: 43.5
review: GG Dota
game-hours: 798.5
review: (y)
game-hours: 1399.6
review: This game a very interesting ang a my favourite game !!!:D
game-hours: 1930.3
review: very nice game!
game-hours: 599.4
review: this game is  awesome xD love it <3
game-hours: 173.3
review: good
game-hours: 811.9
review: 123
game-hours: 1927.6
review: RAMPAGE!!!
game-hours: 1507.5
review: Like Dota 2 From High School.... This Game Is no Booring....
game-hours: 278.9
review: so worth getting the game
game-hours: 10.0
review: its like league of legends but on 200 ping
game-hours: 1790.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 1087.7
review: good
game-hours: 830.8
review: i like you
game-hours: 836.9
review: this game is awesome
game-hours: 1689.6
review: ???????????
game-hours: 2928.6
review: Fahmi kot
game-hours: 1028.0
review: the best moba
game-hours: 1349.4
review: Nice game ever!!
game-hours: 1376.2
review: gg
game-hours: 3.2
review: Once upon a time i really love RTS type of game.... but now got less time for that.... Dota 2 pretty much improve the aging of the old game..... quite nice if you like this MOBA genre...
game-hours: 1267.7
review: the most frustrating game ever
game-hours: 274.5
review: this is a game
game-hours: 939.6
review: Really great game if you have a team of 5 guys who work well together the matchmaking system is fairly good, people are sometimes matched with poor players but overall its a great game .
game-hours: 2248.8
review: !
game-hours: 1932.5
review: This game is my second life..
game-hours: 1288.3
review: After u play all kinds of games, u will find out that dota is the best
game-hours: 1540.7
review: Keep calm and play dota 2 ! !
game-hours: 544.7
review: this is a good game and i very love to play :).. one problem is the supply is so fast the other items get lower prices now all crying cause they buy and when it sale it goes lower prices .. i hope the supply will slow down.. thanks any way! GOOD VALVE THUMBS UP ... thanks for FREE GAME :) <3
game-hours: 1244.6
review: Good game
game-hours: 488.0
review: .
game-hours: 219.0
review: Great game!
game-hours: 1594.9
review: Awesome
game-hours: 53.0
review: I'm going to be very honest with you, I used to the hate Dota 2, I wanted to spilt it in half with my bair hands. But then I asked a friend recently, "I'm going to give this Dota 2 a try again, can you help me out" because I was getting really bored with the games I already played, over and over again. Then he taught me all the things that I didn't know about Dota 2. Back then before my friend helped me, I used to play as Draw Ranger or whatever her name is, and buy only a healing salve because I didn't know anything about the items. but then my friend started explaining what everything does, and to be honest, It started getting fun, I really enjoyed it. Dota 2 is one of those games where once you really know what you're doing, it gets fun. It has great Co-Op, muiltplayer, you can train with bots, there's basic training which I highly recommend doing, has competetive (ranked) matchs just like CS:GO, there's items that you can put on your Heroes to make them look cool. In conclustion, I highly recommend this game. Don't worry if you're sucking pretty hard at the start, trust me everyone does. But once you start learning the heroes, and pick your best hero, you start to get really good at it, and survive longer. Good luck finding local servers, there's lots of Russians out there playing this.
game-hours: 1638.5
review: "Team Noob" Simulator, 10/10, would definitely recommend
game-hours: 1408.9
review: ultra nice game...!!!
game-hours: 210.8
review: Good Addicive game.
game-hours: 1354.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 2800.2
review: hahahah
game-hours: 1282.2
review: Great Game ever ~
game-hours: 1705.2
review: Simply said BEST MOBA :-)
game-hours: 1032.1
review: The best of the best of the best
game-hours: 2179.5
review: I've spent more money on this "Free" game than anything else ever. 10/10 would spend again
game-hours: 65.1
review: nice game guys
game-hours: 1285.5
review: it's a really good game and i like very match but its community make it a worse place for people who want to enjoy ,its fun at first and very addictive and you will spend alot of time and maybe it will be your top priority to finish a match and not get abandon from the matches, i suggest it and best way to play dota is it for fun and be careful not to make it consume you
game-hours: 1305.1
review: Hats were so last year! Instead, experience Valve's new Beard Simulator, the new tomorrow!
game-hours: 841.6
review: Fun times
game-hours: 298.4
review: The best online game!!
game-hours: 2.8
review: It's a very good game, strategy and multiplayer, i love it, but i have problems with the cam, because i can't play well with that .
game-hours: 2117.0
review: Game that never ends...
game-hours: 529.9
review: New to the game? It's fine! Just prepare for a  ton of russian flame!
game-hours: 1226.5
review: Best MOBA period.
game-hours: 1289.2
review: DOTA 2 is easily the best MOBA out there. The technical aspec.... blah, blah, blah. 10/10
game-hours: 497.7
review: good game
game-hours: 5954.2
review: this game is awesome.
game-hours: 1132.2
review: great game, makes you mad sometimes tho
game-hours: 380.1
review: good game
game-hours: 21.8
review: I've only played a few hours and I'm already more racist than I was before. 10/10
game-hours: 2788.2
review: Basically the best game ever.. just look at my hours played.
game-hours: 432.2
review: Best MOBA ever better then Dota 1 and others MOBAS ... Love it and the grapich is insane .. Thx for Dota 2 ..
game-hours: 910.8
review: Esse jogo  Muito bom Recomendado Pra quem Gosta de uma Estratgia..
game-hours: 638.3
review: Nice
game-hours: 1113.0
review: Nothing to say This is my review.
game-hours: 1082.2
review: My favourite game
game-hours: 2492.9
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 3.2
review: dota
game-hours: 1998.2
review: Great game Try it
game-hours: 26.5
review: Great game, really good to play with friends.
game-hours: 2778.4
review: ??????
game-hours: 3823.6
review: Cant Live without this game :D
game-hours: 8858.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 1136.6
review: Its free and fun, so why not??
game-hours: 2650.9
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 901.1
review: If youre looking for a reason to commit time to Dota 2  if youre actually reading this review for advice and a critical opinion, rather than to see what score Im going to give the most popular game on Steam  then, first up, thanks for being here. Second, I want you to consider what it means when two grown men accidentally lather each other in regenerative goop. Its gamings equivalent of holding a door open for somebody who is already reaching to hold the door open for you: a synchronicity of kindness that speaks to a deeper shared understanding of the situation both people are in. Dota is a game where you can say the words are you thinking what Im thinking? and be reliably assured that the person on the other end of your VoIP connection actually is. It might have the systems and bearing of a videogame, but Dota shares the social impetus of a sport. Its single environment isnt a map, its a pitch.
game-hours: 2529.0
review: ^ Just look at my recorded time, it says everything. :)
game-hours: 2362.3
review: SUCH A GOOD GAAMMEEE!!!!!!
game-hours: 1646.0
review: Good Game.
game-hours: 0.5
review: Lots of fun!
game-hours: 2460.6
review: i love this game .. as much as i love anything else .. you will enjoy it only if you play with your teammates
game-hours: 1760.6
review: This game is awsome
game-hours: 1326.4
review: i have fallen inlove with this gamee.. lol
game-hours: 587.2
review: Must get all 100 characters are unlocked and the game is ing amazing look at the hours that people have played this game for must get
game-hours: 16.9
review: Cool
game-hours: 175.6
review: Best thing you can do on your pc. Best game out there on the Free to Play Market <3
game-hours: 1080.3
review: Chopped a flying donkey, instantly killed it. There was blood everywhere. 10/10.
game-hours: 382.4
review: Latest version for OSX crashes.
game-hours: 12.3
review: Enjoyable, but its not LoL
game-hours: 1142.6
review: The best on-line game i ever played!
game-hours: 1040.0
review: Very interesting game..
game-hours: 882.1
review: I liked the graphics and effect.
game-hours: 486.3
review: VERY COOL
game-hours: 1846.3
review: Nice and Worth to play the dota 2
game-hours: 1026.6
review: great game
game-hours: 1080.0
review: BEST MOBA 3VER
game-hours: 378.5
review: MOBA
game-hours: 1443.0
review: if you dont like this game at first dont worry that is normal but you will come back to it like i did and then be addicted
game-hours: 565.5
review: Great game ever
game-hours: 850.0
review: DOTA.
game-hours: 2728.7
review: I love this world <3
game-hours: 2446.0
review: :D
game-hours: 1236.0
review: this is the best game i ever played
game-hours: 226.4
review: One Of The Best MMO Games Ever !
game-hours: 222.8
review: like it!
game-hours: 1264.0
review: i love the game :3
game-hours: 2252.9
review: good game
game-hours: 4595.4
review: just don't play it
game-hours: 2035.6
review: It's so pretty!
game-hours: 526.3
review: This game takes so much time out of my life. I love it.
game-hours: 1695.4
review: Alright, well I lied. After I actually did take the time to learn the game, I find it incredibly addicting and extraordinarily enjoyable. This is significantly harder than League is so if you're coming from that background, be warned. I highly recommend this game to ANYONE and EVERYONE.
game-hours: 1764.9
review: 2 months ago: "I need more games for my new PC, i am going to try this game called DOTA 2." now: 561 hours in, still loving it.
game-hours: 1150.1
review: Survival game.
game-hours: 1881.0
review: 10
game-hours: 1046.8
review: I play this way too much! Because, its the best.
game-hours: 1114.0
review: recommended
game-hours: 3.1
review: Dota is a competitive game of action and strategy, played both professionally and casually by millions of passionate fans worldwide. Players pick from a pool of over a hundred heroes, forming two teams of five players.
game-hours: 4831.4
review: BEST
game-hours: 1706.4
review: very nice game, helps to learn english, russian and some other languages fast. The victory in the match requires very good teamplay
game-hours: 1824.2
review: This game is not for people who have less than average control over keyboard and mouse. You would need prior experience with relatively complex games, strategic thinking and perseverence. The learning curve is steep and this game is very demanding for the new players, the community at large is unforgiving and brutal if you are making mistakes as the mistakes you make would affect everybody in your team causing your team to lose. You cannot quit mid-game and the game can go for a long time and the result may not be known till the very end. All this can easily put off many people, but those who pass this rite of passage would enjoy the same things that you hated as a newbie.
game-hours: 19.6
review: As the MOBA genre began to rise to the spotlight of the gaming community. I decided to give it a try. I first tried League of Legends, but was yelled at for being a noob and rage quitted. I thought this kind of behavior was counter-productive, because a gaming commmunity should be supportive of noobs....because even the gaming legends start as noobs as some point in their career. So I got frustrated, and didn't touch MOBA's for a while. However, I'm in deep love in Valve and everything they do, so when I heard about Dota, I got interested. When I completed the tutorial, and finally joined a game, everyone was helpful and willing to assist a noob to a very complicated and intricate genre. I still suck, as I play off a kind of beginner's intinct and not off of a knowledge of the game. However, Dota, with its compelling art style, helpful community, and a touch of Gaben, blew LoL out of the water for me.
game-hours: 2632.9
review: game is good when you have an organized team.
game-hours: 498.6
review: Yes, the best game EVER! <3
game-hours: 605.0
review: The BEST game that you and your friends can spend the dayoff with.
game-hours: 4494.1
review: Got some free invites, anyone willing to play this game? :)
game-hours: 292.5
review: +rep
game-hours: 3817.3
review: no, games 2hard
game-hours: 110.4
review: good.
game-hours: 1286.9
review: wonderful
game-hours: 843.2
review: Great game to play with friends.
game-hours: 3044.1
review: This game far more better than HON and LOL. Everyone really should play this games!
game-hours: 1415.9
review: Very addicting!!!!!! Best Game Ever!!!!!! Must Play!!!!!
game-hours: 1618.9
review: great strategic game
game-hours: 1746.4
review: It is the best game I ever play in my life. =)
game-hours: 799.4
review: nc
game-hours: 2675.1
review: best game ever
game-hours: 2315.3
review: This is by far the best and most intensive game I have ever played. 10/10 and would recommend this to anyone.
game-hours: 768.8
review: The best game I ever played !
game-hours: 613.7
review: hi ..
game-hours: 513.0
review: One and only, DOTA!!
game-hours: 1800.4
review: 1. Go on YouTube 2. Watch motivational Dota videos. 3. Open Dota. 4. Pick hero. 5. Lose. 6. Quit. 7. Profit.
game-hours: 481.7
review: :)
game-hours: 1249.9
review: good game.. i like it
game-hours: 351.4
review: ....
game-hours: 604.0
review: such an amazing game team co-operation is important and again amazing and addictive game
game-hours: 2039.6
review: This is one of my best game, because the essence of dota 2 is how you play with other players and how your mind works as a team. the game works is that five man team versus another five man team you gonna cooperate with your teammate's the five of you will assume role team that will help making the team win, there is ten role and one of those will be your role then all of you finish the most important thing is..... HAD FUN! :D
game-hours: 749.2
review: Destroyed a tree with a leaf 11/10
game-hours: 1601.1
review: Team up with a bunch of friends or solo queue if you're forever alone. Play against bots or go pubbing with people in your region or people from all around the world! Whichever you choose, the game will be filled with fun, stress and a lot of giggles. Overall an addictive game that you will keep on playing...
game-hours: 1941.7
review: BEST GAME EVAH!
game-hours: 894.2
review: gud game
game-hours: 1119.3
review: just simply awwwsommeeeee :)))
game-hours: 6.3
review: Taken over all of my other games, i hope they don't get jealous! : 0 10/10 Brilliant game, Would not of guessed it was free, Great addition and improvement over Dota 1.
game-hours: 1638.0
review: cool
game-hours: 1444.7
review: this good
game-hours: 1767.3
review: uhmn
game-hours: 2627.9
review: !
game-hours: 381.1
review: I love to read Dota2 in-game walk through...
game-hours: 709.1
review: Play it and you will never regret for it
game-hours: 392.8
review: Damn awesome game!
game-hours: 348.5
review: Amazing Game!
game-hours: 2018.7
review: )
game-hours: 2105.3
review: Awesome GAME!
game-hours: 11.5
review: i cant launch it
game-hours: 757.5
review: Ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 158.6
review: best language learning system :D u learn the meaning of  kontol and many more
game-hours: 3230.0
review: Meh
game-hours: 391.6
review: Better graphics but it's still the oldschool one.Just awesome!
game-hours: 2701.6
review: Good game, 2k hours of my life so far, doesn't look like I'll stop any time soon
game-hours: 3130.5
review: hernya) ne igrayte
game-hours: 879.3
review: Nice Played for suuport team. not 1 kill, just skill im play
game-hours: 3105.8
review: .............
game-hours: 603.4
review: Great way to lose your turst in humanity. Get yelled at in languages you did not even know was possible, and learn some Russian. 10/10
game-hours: 49.8
review: Great game from great developers!Brilliant for meetig new people and making new freinds.
game-hours: 2399.4
review: Best RTS EVER!!!
game-hours: 171.9
review: NiC3 Game :)
game-hours: 1562.0
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 2661.2
review: There is only one word what describes this game...EPIC!
game-hours: 3233.0
review: Easy for play. U need 4 button on keyboard for communicate with team on any region (C,Y,K,A.)
game-hours: 3100.0
review: YOU WILL NOT ESCAPE THIS PERPETUAL SHITFLINGING FEST OF A GAME ONCE YOU ENTER IT. SEND HELP.
game-hours: 832.5
review: 0/10 game used to be good but stake fries took to long. Streak fries have been in oven for 10 years.
game-hours: 1918.3
review: It Good
game-hours: 160.4
review: Nice Game :)
game-hours: 1121.2
review: 2good4u
game-hours: 5.5
review: Host to the worst community ever.
game-hours: 1576.0
review: i liked this game a lot coz we met a lot of new friends that conquer the wold of dota
game-hours: 697.1
review: its ok i guess...
game-hours: 11.0
review: I am really bad at this game but i see why people like it.
game-hours: 2677.5
review: good
game-hours: 1554.2
review: The best of the best. "If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants." ~ Isaac Newton This game stands on the shoulders of the titan DotA, and it has exceeded all expectation.
game-hours: 1033.0
review: Having fun :)
game-hours: 267.8
review: awesome
game-hours: 895.2
review: mantap
game-hours: 2376.3
review: you is gonna get rrraaapppeeedddd
game-hours: 3963.1
review: Dota for all
game-hours: 1625.2
review: Adicting as hell
game-hours: 2332.9
review: Classis as a classic is. One of the best games of my childhood now in HD. Too much lag though
game-hours: 2579.3
review: GG dota 2 10 months into it! <3
game-hours: 765.2
review: I love Dota 2 is has a steep learning cruve I feel but is way more fun than a lot of Moba style games.
game-hours: 2237.7
review: dota 2 is a new born Defense of The Ancient Blizzard publisher but the dota2 is owned by Valve and its a great game! the gameplay of dota 2 just same as dota1. we play in team, war in team, win in team!
game-hours: 615.6
review: I reccomend this game cuz it's awesome!
game-hours: 2620.5
review: im still waiting map editor
game-hours: 1007.1
review: everybody loves that game
game-hours: 691.0
review: Nice game, wit a better strategy and a good team work, your team can win a battle.
game-hours: 35.0
review: Awesome game. Great tutorial. If you played LoL can't go wrong in Dota 2.
game-hours: 308.8
review: recomended game
game-hours: 35.1
review: best moba ever
game-hours: 4526.2
review: gOOD
game-hours: 1672.7
review: DOnt play this game only russians on EU servers . When VOLVO will uninstal russian mod u can play this game.
game-hours: 427.2
review: Best
game-hours: 99.3
review: The best online stratergy, co-op, multiplayer game around.
game-hours: 266.7
review: Addictive :3
game-hours: 28.4
review: awesome
game-hours: 527.2
review: great
game-hours: 1566.8
review: Nice game
game-hours: 57.3
review: Dota 2 is a masterpiece online Real Time Strategy MOBA game published by Valve. The official remake of the original Dota mod, Dota 2 brings over 100 original heroes from the original one. In DOTA 2, players are split into two teams (Radiant and Dire) in head to head PvP action, each consisting of up to five players. Players can choose participate in practice matches versus bots, engage in friendly matches with friends, or form a clan and compete against other teams. Dota 2 has almost all basics of the MOBA genre. Two teams of five players spawn on corners of a map, with several lanes connecting two bases. Two teams should cooperate with each other by the same goal of destroying opponents base which is named Ancient in Dota 2. Players should choose a hero to enter battle with. The AI creeps spawn every 30 second. Heroes will level up by kill enemys creeps and heroes. If players make the last hit of the enemy, they will get gold which players can then use to purchase items in main shop at home or secret shop. Each team has three powerful defensive towers on each lane. When you hero become more and more powerful, you can destroy all defensive towers and finally smash into other teams base to end the game easily.
game-hours: 702.4
review: govno
game-hours: 1099.4
review: pudge is a fat  who can walk fast when he wears zara boots 12/10 commended
game-hours: 2000.1
review: k
game-hours: 1415.8
review: 10/10 , Best games everrrrrr
game-hours: 1255.3
review: nc game really nc
game-hours: 240.0
review: If you liked warcraft 1, 2 or 3 then you will love this!
game-hours: 131.4
review: The Best Games ! (Y) nice.. but have daily update so why ?
game-hours: 1517.0
review: I avoided MOBAs for so long, you know. I really did. Barring a short and entirely disagreeable experience with the original Defense of the Ancients map for Warcraft 3, and a brief stint playing Demigod (which I thoroughly enjoyed, all the while failing to notice it pretty much was Defense of the Ancients) I hadnt touched this genre at all. Heroes of Newerth? Nope. League of Legends? Nah. Dota 2? Good grief, no. There were plenty of reasons for this. First, my initial experience with Warcraft 3s Dota map really was that bad. Second, MOBA communities have a rather strong reputation for being full of complete cockhandles, and I dont deal well with destructive criticism. Third, Im not a huge fan of most pure multiplayer games; I tend to prefer playing solo where I can. It did not appear to be the game for me...
game-hours: 1093.9
review: this game is so addictive because of its graphics <3
game-hours: 207.6
review: very good game
game-hours: 824.2
review: awesome game ;DDD
game-hours: 786.9
review: awesome game in the world
game-hours: 1054.8
review: Dota 2 is the !
game-hours: 1650.3
review: I just killed Lucifer with a rock 10/10
game-hours: 1104.8
review: Dota 2 is by far the best MOBA I have played to date!
game-hours: 398.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 118.7
review: There are many reasons why Dota 2 is an excellent game. For starters, it is a free-to-play game where you may play friends, random, or bots online. There are so many items to use as you head into the game, and just as many custom armors and extensions for your hero(s). I recommend this game for it's excellent updates and imagination. I love this game. You will get hooked when you start playing.
game-hours: 56.9
review: Really addicted to this game
game-hours: 1965.3
review: ...
game-hours: 3470.1
review: Doobadoobadoo. Cool game.
game-hours: 508.2
review: Dota 2 is chess for people with a strategic and impatient disposition. It focuses on strategy, if you rush into it without proper thought and planning there is a very slim chance of success. But that does not make it slow paced, quite the opposite. Even if are mindlessly whacking away on some neutral creeps in the jungle you can feel the energy in the air. The only problem I have with it is the community. Entering you're first match is the quickest and most effective way of destroying your soul. The chat is almost always filled with the words "stupid noob" whenever you check it, and I'm not going to get in to the low-priority matches *makes gaging sound*. Apart from that, it is one of the best MOABS I have ever had the fortune to come across. Check Mate.
game-hours: 1455.2
review: DOTA 2 is all about intensity and team work. You master this game you master professional life.
game-hours: 4013.6
review: good Game, thx Valve
game-hours: 432.4
review: very good :)))))))))
game-hours: 2683.7
review: DOTA 2 IS THE BEST FOR EVERY PEOPLE IN THE WORLD
game-hours: 5.6
review: This game ing sucks
game-hours: 3884.4
review: ^-^
game-hours: 1888.7
review: The best of game. I Love Dota2 :X
game-hours: 0.2
review: sucks
game-hours: 830.4
review: best game vere
game-hours: 2527.5
review: the best game everrrrrr
game-hours: 1203.0
review: game for teamates
game-hours: 1875.2
review: good
game-hours: 5602.2
review: It's so fun to play
game-hours: 592.8
review: nice
game-hours: 5116.4
review: Coba ayo ayo di coba :D manstabh ha ha ha
game-hours: 1537.9
review: It's fun. Just mute all the trolls and complainers rather than fight with them... makes it much more enjoyable.
game-hours: 1299.3
review: Yes i Recommend This Game :)
game-hours: 1259.6
review: BEST GAME EVER!!! Much Better than dota 1 in graphic, animatic, and item. not an easy game because we must Thinking the strategy with the team, but this is the best game way.. "Buy Ward Save a Life"
game-hours: 841.7
review: Good game
game-hours: 175.1
review: i like
game-hours: 1265.8
review: addicting! too many russians tho :\
game-hours: 929.8
review: Great game. It has over 100 different heros to play and brilliant f2p business model.
game-hours: 0.4
review: i like dota 2
game-hours: 1414.8
review: I highly recommend DotA 2, and for good reason. I've played a stupid amount of the game, to be honest, so I thought I might as well write about my opinions of it. Great Points: 1. Great replayability 2. Really fun with friends 3. Great joys when you pull off that amazing move 4. Really, really high skill ceiling 5. Over 105 heroes to play, most with a unique style of play accompanied with them 6. Huge amount of items to select from 7. The casual player has a spot in this, too, thanks to the new system! 8. Ranked Matchmaking vs. Non-Ranked matchmaking, and a punishment for abandoning Some down-points 1. The entry barrier: a. Its similar to a C b. Once you pass the bubble, its easy to get better, but passing the outer shell is the hard part. 2. Community a. A lot of the community is really annoying, mean, and sometimes downright cruel. I find that this is about 10-20% of the community, and I find one in every 3 games or so. b. These people usually try to play low-skill heroes and blame you for making mistakes even if the mistake is theirs, regardless of their status in the relationship. c. Sometimes language barriers make the game far less entertaining, with the majority of minority languages not being on the list for language preferences 3. The lopsided nature of the game a. Unless you find yourself being amazing, most games tip in the first five minutes and the team that tipped it either turns it around immediately or they lose, with only a few exceptions that lead to fantastic games. Now then, Ive gushed and ranted about the game enough, Ill go explain the basic concepts of Dota 2, if you plan to get in on the action but arent sure if it's worth your time yet. A. There are three lanes, considered either hardlane/offlane, mid, or safelane, and these differ where they are depending upon your faction. B. There are two factions in DotA  one is based in the upper right hand corner of the map, known as the Dire, and the other team is in the lower left hand corner of the map, known as the Radiant. C. After initial hero selection is finished, with one of the many gamemodes a. Random Draft (20 heroes, cycles between teams to pick heroes in groups of two/one at a time) b. All Pick (Everyone picks any hero they wish all at once) c. Captains Mode - A Captain selects heroes and bans heroes, taking turns with the opposing team) d. Captains Draft - 24 heroes, see Captains Mode for rest) e. All Random - Everyone gets a random hero, my personal favorite, especially for learning all the heroes all over again) f. Least Played - Every person picks from all the heroes, minus their 40 most played. Also good for learning, but not the best.) g. Limited Heroes  Everyone picks from a pool of heroes chosen by Valve which generally have a lower skill ceiling and are easier to play than regular heroes. Some people say this is best for learning, but I find that these heroes leave a bad impression of DotA, due to the cheap nature of some of the heroes. h. Single Draft  Everyone picks from three random heroes, one with an agility specialty, one with a strength specialty, and one with an intelligence specialty. i. Occasionally, special events happen from time to time during holidays, but those are ignored for the purpose of this review. D. After loading the game, you normally will either select a build you made yourself, or using the book icon in the top left hand corner of the screen, you can select a build someone else made that was reviewed by the community as either good or bad, and they can help eliminate the initial difficulty if youre new to this hero. E. Once the first minute or so is finished, creep waves begin to spawn. They consist of three melee creeps, and one ranged creep, which slowly increase in power throughout the game, until they hit a cap. Creeps run at normal speed in the hard-lane and the mid-lane, but faster in the safe-lane so that creeps end up towards the middle of the lane, as opposed to being lopsided. F. Towers defend major points in the waves, and award money for being killed. You can also earn money by being the person to get the last hit on creeps. G. Different people talk about different phases of the game, but essentially there are two different phases, with sub-phases in between, or inside. a. Laning Phase  A distribution of heroes goes to the different lanes to kill creeps, gain experience, and earn money. b. Team fight Phase  All the heroes go together to throw spells and attacks at each other. After that, its just a combination of a bunch of the events previously described  thats DotA in a nutshell. Now, why would you want to play a game that resets all your progress after you finish a match? Well, in my opinion, it means that nobody ever has a major advantage over another player, such as PvP in other online games with loot-driven systems. You can meet new people, make friends, and have a new experience every single game. With 106 heroes as of this patch, theres somewhere around 1.1e20s worth of possible matchups. Theres many roles to be played, and much fun to be had. Now, if Ive convinced you  Go play dota! And if I somehow didnt convince you, then go enjoy whatever game it is you play. And apologies for the formatting, steam review's lack of HTML formatting made it a little harder!
game-hours: 153.4
review: My 2nd Life.
game-hours: 669.5
review: +1
game-hours: 311.3
review: oooh kill em
game-hours: 2823.9
review: Nice
game-hours: 2300.6
review: game is ok.
game-hours: 388.9
review: jmnkjasd
game-hours: 915.3
review: Awesome moba
game-hours: 393.0
review: Killed Roshan and stole his cheese ! Commend me pls..
game-hours: 1398.3
review: d2 forever
game-hours: 5104.3
review: The best Game ever made !
game-hours: 2708.3
review: The hardest game of all time, its just like poker "One minute to learn, one life to master". Vicious game with some fun will never let you out off the pc.
game-hours: 609.0
review: nice
game-hours: 277.8
review: i recommend this game
game-hours: 1032.2
review: come on play dota 2
game-hours: 144.6
review: Good
game-hours: 639.9
review: nice gameee
game-hours: 674.6
review: An amazing game
game-hours: 1323.2
review: Tastes like salami 5/5
game-hours: 463.2
review: Great game~ Graphics are great enjoying different items for heroes~ COMMUNITY isn't so bad tho some keeps on the foul-mouth side. DOTA2 the best ^_^
game-hours: 1116.1
review: very good game, enjoyable and satisfying entertainment problem is with the random scammers and with the abandonment
game-hours: 1595.0
review: 10/10 Ruined my life.
game-hours: 261.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 664.2
review: this is verry good game
game-hours: 824.6
review: nice game for team
game-hours: 535.4
review: I'm Legendary player
game-hours: 1514.4
review: This game is the reason my parents kicked me out onto the street, why all of my friends abandoned me, and why my girlfriend cheated on me. 10/10 would recommend, great game.
game-hours: 1541.0
review: This ing game
game-hours: 599.0
review: Best. Game. Ever.
game-hours: 116.1
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 529.5
review: <3
game-hours: 1331.1
review: KEEPS CRASHING
game-hours: 331.6
review: Sohai!
game-hours: 1634.1
review: Nice game!
game-hours: 6166.2
review: Best game and worst game.
game-hours: 2691.3
review: So good
game-hours: 729.3
review: Played a week and a half ago, 85 hours already logged. If i didn't have college or work - I would have no life. 10/10 would waste my life on Dota 2.
game-hours: 1004.0
review: <3
game-hours: 1520.2
review: good game
game-hours: 817.9
review: i like its team play and cooperation among the teammates.. win or lose a team sticks till the end of the game
game-hours: 207.1
review: Come on guys, play DOTA now and stop Drug Abuse, it's fun to play and you earn a lot of money in here!
game-hours: 1851.7
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 327.1
review: It is awesome.
game-hours: 601.4
review: Just way better than LoL
game-hours: 1026.8
review: harima shok :3
game-hours: 54.2
review: 123
game-hours: 2743.9
review: Nicely done!
game-hours: 388.4
review: Such a nice game love it <3
game-hours: 731.6
review: Nice game and awesome playersss!
game-hours: 3340.6
review: you should not expect to have fun your first day playing...but theres method to this madness. In short, Dota 2 is a deeply layered construct of systems, and to survive you need to understand every single one and how they interact with one another.Dota 2 becomes one of the most rewarding and tense team-based multiplayer experiences anywhere in gaming. It's an achievement owed to uncompromising depth, a ridiculously generous free-to-play model, and the great features developer Valve has built up around it.
game-hours: 2427.1
review: dota
game-hours: 408.9
review: lol........
game-hours: 1103.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 2671.8
review: good game
game-hours: 1994.5
review: wp
game-hours: 1277.9
review: this game is awesome!
game-hours: 1302.4
review: One of the best free to play,MOBA games ever made!
game-hours: 1499.2
review: Awesum game..!!!
game-hours: 2960.5
review: <3
game-hours: 502.8
review: One of the funnest games i have ever played becasue there are so many different ways to play each game.
game-hours: 701.9
review: Best game ever! , never bored to play this game!
game-hours: 1380.4
review: This game is awesome.
game-hours: 2267.8
review: Nice game
game-hours: 1226.2
review: very nice game any one can try this game
game-hours: 327.4
review: This is funny game. So much fun to play.
game-hours: 341.9
review: Good game but not realy your type if you like funny goofy games.
game-hours: 3823.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 104.7
review: After I started playing this game my life turned for the better, my hair grew out, my clothes started fitting, I got a girlfriend, I stopped failing my classes. It was pretty great. Although this game's impact on people's lives can vary.
game-hours: 788.6
review: Such awesome, many game, wow !!!
game-hours: 6.1
review: Amazing.
game-hours: 925.0
review: Dota 2...it's like crack, except worse for your health and sanity.
game-hours: 3501.9
review: Best Game Ever!!!
game-hours: 2646.7
review: awesome
game-hours: 3558.2
review: Awesome game, Very addictive though. Say goodbye to your social life.
game-hours: 872.7
review: <3 <3
game-hours: 645.6
review: This game gets better and better.Keep up the good work Valve.We will always support your games because it's all good and fantastic.
game-hours: 1197.2
review: Nice game and enjoyable.It's good to share this game to my friends :)
game-hours: 921.8
review: GG
game-hours: 720.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1.8
review: poop
game-hours: 2087.0
review: Good Game = GG
game-hours: 1685.0
review: A very nice game.
game-hours: 286.2
review: Best
game-hours: 318.3
review: this game is so good .
game-hours: 1651.6
review: Best Game
game-hours: 463.0
review: zawmyooo321
game-hours: 500.0
review: Good Game PLAYER!!
game-hours: 549.5
review: i love dota , i even teach my girlfriend to play it , i love the inteference , the gameplay and olso meet other`s great player despite some of them still lack of manner but still , i love this game , never ending love without a glitch of boredom . keep updating the hero , pull somemore char or make a new one to keep ppl attached to this game DOTA 2 IS THE BEST . thank you steam , thank you Valve . and lastly thank you Icefrog !~
game-hours: 1777.6
review: Started out playing DotA on the old WC3 engine and I played that for 7+ years before I shifted into Dota 2 with the beta. Dota 2 offers much more than the original WC3 version in terms of graphics and gameplay, as the old engine's hero and skill interactions were hampered by limitations (DotA Allstars was just a custom map). Cosmetics, tournaments, and streaming are all seamlessly integrated; and are constantly being improved at the behest of the community. The game is a bit hard to get into at first, but after you have the basics down, you'll play for an innumerable amount of time. Adding friends into the mix for crazy strategies and plays increases the replayability and enjoyment of the game to another level. One of the best games. EVER.
game-hours: 1773.1
review: getting mad simulator
game-hours: 617.5
review: NICE GAME VERY
game-hours: 238.0
review: Cool Game
game-hours: 222.3
review: Best MOBA game ever
game-hours: 1357.3
review: dit con ba` m vavle dit me xep rank nhu cai con cac dit con me xoa me tro` dota 2 di dit con ba` m````````````
game-hours: 3007.4
review: The best game ever, so much fun to play this.
game-hours: 1562.7
review: I LOVE TO PLAY THIS GAME IM ADDICTED
game-hours: 555.3
review: Good :D
game-hours: 65.7
review: Some people are toxic and . Ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 845.5
review: nice game!!
game-hours: 1940.6
review: Dota 2 is funny game. :D
game-hours: 636.0
review: this game is freaking awesome so if u like strategy games i recommend u play this
game-hours: 828.5
review: in good
game-hours: 1730.3
review: the best MOBA game.
game-hours: 0.2
review: ITS A MOBA 5/10
game-hours: 1055.1
review: ......
game-hours: 1443.9
review: ending 0/10
game-hours: 1457.3
review: Very nice, game gave me reason to live.
game-hours: 641.9
review: Good game
game-hours: 3053.2
review: So good.
game-hours: 40.0
review: Leavers every game, unbalanced items and unexplaned bursts of damage, denial of creeps and heroes, and a terrible announcer from the first counter-strike. Not to mention the sluggish and floating feel this game has to offer. 10/10
game-hours: 3116.4
review: Everytime something is about to happen in real life, I always say to myself, GLHF (Good Luck, Have Fun). This game's community has helped me motivate myself in real life. If it wasn't for that acronym, I would be having more worries and stress over simple things. Two dota 2 games (not necessarily every day) a day is a good dosage of having fun and keeping up with your social life. I've been playing this game since it came out 2011 and that's where the 2000+hrs came. I won't say I didn't get hooked. I did, 'cause I had nothing to do in summers when I was still schooling, but now I'm a busy man and this is like where I vent my frustrations. 9/10. GL HF!
game-hours: 751.9
review: You still cant noscope in this game 0/10
game-hours: 0.8
review: LoL is still better
game-hours: 1698.3
review: The game is very addictive, sometimes nadoedaet.No yet very interesting :)
game-hours: 2201.5
review: Its like Dota 1 if it had new graphics and were a name game and titled the same but with a 2 on it
game-hours: 488.3
review: Addictive, competitive, challenging. Need i say more?
game-hours: 187.4
review: Dota 2  um jogo muito fixe para quem gosta de jogar LOL, exprimentem este.
game-hours: 2059.8
review: BEST GAME EVER !
game-hours: 1370.6
review: Best game ever! Thanks Valve!
game-hours: 871.4
review: One life removed please
game-hours: 585.0
review: Recommended for new users to play. Best. Game. Ever. Never got bored by playing this game.
game-hours: 1374.6
review: yes yes yes
game-hours: 3242.1
review: There are 9/10 people that like and play this game 10/10 -ign
game-hours: 2371.8
review: The best way to learn Spanish and Russian. 11/10
game-hours: 1453.9
review: wwwwwaaaaaaaaaaaaa
game-hours: 1782.8
review: good game
game-hours: 12.5
review: This is AWESOME game.
game-hours: 495.2
review: I've spent 435 hours in this game at the time of this review. That equates to roughly 18 days, or just over half a month. It is far and away my most played game on Steam (my next most played game is TF2 with 150-some hours), which doesn't even compare. This game is hard. Possibly the most complicated thing I've ever done in these 18 days is walking in front of NPC units as they walk across the map and stopping periodically so that they have to stop to - thereby allowing me to attack the enemy's units at a safer area relative to my side of the map. This game is more than just a game I play - I can also watch games from within the client, both from my friends and from professional DotA 2 teams. The International, a Valve-created tournament held in Seattle, will this year have a prizepool of over TEN MILLION dollars (mostly funded by the community). The hats and other accessories in this game are also spectacular - I sometimes wonder whether I'm playing a game where I viciously kill different creatures on a battlefield, or one where I play dress-up with oddly disfigured digital dolls. Although if you don't want to spend your days getting flamed you should probably pick up this game at the same time as four other friends. tl;dr - Community (at least in the metagame) is good. Valve is good. Game is great. Play with friends.
game-hours: 1830.6
review: nice and sweet
game-hours: 257.3
review: nice :)
game-hours: 231.3
review: :))
game-hours: 1553.0
review: ANDREW IS BAD AND RUINED MY LIFE
game-hours: 8.1
review: Doto > LoL
game-hours: 3825.3
review: 10/10 u can learn free languages like russian and pinoy etc best language learning tools and it's free
game-hours: 118.2
review: like
game-hours: 2605.5
review: As my friend eskrider sayd...:"its a great game) and volvo made him break on his economy ^^
game-hours: 1830.1
review: weew bew kaayo hahaha
game-hours: 1478.9
review: The lows in this game are covered in feces and lit on fire but the highs, oh the mutha f***ing highs! When you slam jam the enemy team and provide the opening for a win it's like Brazilian Soccor annoucer screaming in your a**!!!
game-hours: 1522.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 2083.4
review: love it
game-hours: 5085.8
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 566.7
review: One of the dominant game as of the moment in the human history.
game-hours: 2401.8
review: Its nice to play all should play dota :D
game-hours: 1755.7
review: The only moba game that I've have played since dota 1
game-hours: 877.1
review: Valve   Add This   Please!   And Give   Me One!
game-hours: 24.4
review: I appreciate this game for its insightful political commentary.
game-hours: 619.8
review: Tes
game-hours: 508.9
review: awsed
game-hours: 1624.5
review: dota 2 has destroyed me as a person, has destroyes my social life, and has destroyed any chance of me ever getting laid 10/10 best game
game-hours: 48.6
review: i love this game :))
game-hours: 252.6
review: hi to all :D
game-hours: 1050.6
review: -
game-hours: 531.3
review: A very absorbing game. No wonder the developers put their mind,body and soul into it. it's a sentimental war. Best ever franchise!!
game-hours: 601.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 443.8
review: aaa
game-hours: 3645.6
review: Hey there! Want to experience russian society, but dont have money to go to russia :( ? Well now we got solution! And its completely free! All you have to do is press play game! Do not worry about selecting servers all of them are in Russia!
game-hours: 373.8
review: good
game-hours: 727.4
review: I like axaxaxa
game-hours: 446.7
review: awful game, full of russian garbage
game-hours: 4481.3
review: 100% LIFE STEAL. AND REALLY HARD TO PLAY. COPY OF LOL.
game-hours: 1581.7
review: a
game-hours: 1533.8
review: Uh best free to play game ever
game-hours: 4195.8
review: 10/10
game-hours: 1300.0
review: No Game No Life
game-hours: 0.5
review: cool
game-hours: 227.1
review: Good game!
game-hours: 631.4
review: good game to lose your social life.
game-hours: 1496.4
review: Super Game
game-hours: 955.1
review: amazingggggggg
game-hours: 2786.8
review: Simply the best! <3
game-hours: 750.8
review: This game is simply amazing. ^^ Strategy and HOTS are developed intensively in this game. I would recommend this game to everyone who likes to compete and plan strategies. Kudos to steam and valve for creating a game such as this.
game-hours: 1137.1
review: Best ftp game I have played to be honest.
game-hours: 1063.0
review: go go go go dota2 is the best
game-hours: 2364.3
review: Same map, same heroes, same objective since day one but each and every game is always different!
game-hours: 1789.6
review: I need something in dota 2 Racist matchmaking: Separate standard between noob and pro No other region and country that can join e.g. no pinoy or Russian allowed. Language limitation e.g. only English enable After thousand hours of gaming, I become steady of those player who , make me cancer and keep complain. This game told me don't mad on those noob and  player
game-hours: 477.1
review: good game and i like this game
game-hours: 2157.1
review: i liked to play dota 2
game-hours: 667.8
review: good game
game-hours: 2721.3
review: yes
game-hours: 168.0
review: yes
game-hours: 2960.1
review: games hard
game-hours: 3578.8
review: osum
game-hours: 609.0
review: A game for player like tactical and teamwork
game-hours: 530.6
review: the most awesome game ever
game-hours: 7.4
review: I woke up today and that  dota 2 just started to randomly update without my permission. Phreak if u see this please fix ur good damn cheap  game
game-hours: 27.5
review: i totally recommend this game to anyone it is a great game and very addictive what i found was it was easy to learn and understand how to work the controls so any newcomer can play but also is very hard to keep you on the edge of your seat. i would change 2 things and many people will agree so if you are looking at this dota 2 makers ;) we would love for you to be able to let us zoom out so we can see more as it is a pain and really hard to keep eyes on your character without dying and also please make it so you can choose for the camera to follow your player so we dont have to do that but overall amazing game but they are the only cons. GREAT GAME
game-hours: 1556.2
review: ez game ez life just say mid or feed and you can play mid every game. ggwp!
game-hours: 40.0
review: IT AWESOME DIGGY DIGGY HOLE
game-hours: 812.2
review: doto > league of ladies
game-hours: 438.8
review: i love this game its freaking addicting as hell!!
game-hours: 1529.8
review: best mmo game better then LOL
game-hours: 2704.6
review: dota good
game-hours: 1315.3
review: good game
game-hours: 3252.5
review: this awesome games that can change my live, great dota2 :D
game-hours: 2212.3
review: Best game in the universe
game-hours: 615.3
review: Greatest moba in the history of mobas
game-hours: 905.0
review: report/10
game-hours: 368.8
review: Best MOBA avaleable at the moment
game-hours: 426.9
review: russia/10 original joke/10
game-hours: 2390.6
review: i like awesome graphics & heroes skills so awesome
game-hours: 80.7
review: Good game , good player , a xot9 net 9 pizhy , igroki pidori!
game-hours: 2403.1
review: itss ok
game-hours: 744.2
review: Great game if you want to learn russian, and become a ing racist against them! 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 895.3
review: Very interesting for playing with friends
game-hours: 1581.4
review: nice nice nice (NERD!!!)
game-hours: 1748.9
review: :))
game-hours: 407.3
review: This game is really good
game-hours: 555.7
review: this game is fun!
game-hours: 1884.7
review: Nice game ... GG
game-hours: 1718.7
review: Nice Game I Really like it xD
game-hours: 920.5
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 776.2
review: Best part :)
game-hours: 3953.7
review: its a very fun game addictive
game-hours: 2505.2
review: This game is gonna suck out the life in you. It's like you're selling your soul to the devil, except you're selling it to dota. It's not like you need a soul anyway.
game-hours: 1179.5
review: Awww
game-hours: 675.5
review: This is a game that you will not get bored even you grew old
game-hours: 818.8
review: The best alternative to Rosetta Stone for learning Russian, Czech and other western bloc European languages. Intimidating in the beginning but you will quickly be calling everyone noobs and asking for everyone to report them for some random reason or another. Be prepared to beg for commendments to make you feel better at night, otherwise your flawless 1-27 run as Dark Seer will make you wish your parents never shacked up during that Greatful Dead concert.
game-hours: 1675.6
review: nice
game-hours: 3062.3
review: bring dota to a whole new level
game-hours: 2284.7
review: AThumbs Up To a great Online Game but there are highs and lows Highs: In Game Items which makes your heroes look cool Fun and addictive game Lows: Too many racists Unfriendly People Prevention System that takes out the fun from people Many Bugs But Overall A great GAME
game-hours: 688.1
review: One time I sold an item worth $40 in order to afford the Xcom expansion. Biggest mistake I've ever made.
game-hours: 1260.3
review: excellent game.....liked it more than any other games........very addictive
game-hours: 503.2
review: lots of leavers in low level games and 3k mmr. wtf. still, i love to play
game-hours: 586.5
review: awesome
game-hours: 2053.8
review: defending towers with strategies, fun to be played with friends, 5v5,, once all of your 9 towers down the only thing to defend is the ancient, oh btw the enemy can destroy your ancient just by destroying 4 towers straight, so don't play it if you think defending towers and ancient sucks
game-hours: 1251.9
review: Playing it for years, still get joy and never get bored!
game-hours: 872.4
review: i love this game!!!!
game-hours: 2199.0
review: Its an awesome game. Just Awesome..
game-hours: 849.7
review: This Game Make Me Have A Lot Of Positive Thinking About All People And Be Teamwork With Them All
game-hours: 8.4
review: Nice game.... come play
game-hours: 167.7
review: fun
game-hours: 1355.2
review: wow nice
game-hours: 1012.0
review: Amazing Game
game-hours: 650.2
review: ok
game-hours: 784.2
review: good game
game-hours: 1386.4
review: GG
game-hours: 50.8
review: A good game always,and verry diversificated,you better try it and you wont regret
game-hours: 1096.9
review: BEST DOTO, VALVE DOTO
game-hours: 2041.2
review: tang ina bobo
game-hours: 3251.2
review: i like this game
game-hours: 3219.2
review: nice
game-hours: 1043.0
review: KAPP
game-hours: 10.1
review: Very simple and Very complicated at the same time. This game gives you opportunity to play special hero-character selected from huge list of heroes. Simple side of the game: - 2 opposite bases. To win you need to capture one. - 5 players Vs 5 players. Empty slot(s) to be played by GameBot. - Pick a hero, push Battle. Thats it. Complicated side of the game. - You need to know Hero you playing and how level him in details. - You need to have at least 1 nonBot friend playing with you to get Win or to resist at random games. - You need to know what duo of heroes is a good hero-combo and what duo is suck hero-combo. - You need to know when/where and what to buy. - You need to know how to read tha map, where to push, where to defend. How and when to do it right. - You need to know how to farm coins and exp fast to get advantage and buy things for yourself at later stage of round. You need to know all above for 100% to get good Win/Loose statictic. And yeah,,,be ready to read a lot of crap from "zombie" players, who lives in Dota 2 for years. For example, i've tryed to play normal match at my very first time and I've read a lot of new thigs abt myself. Even after passing through all training matches/tests and its your first Player vs Player match. Ignore all chat crap & Have fun!
game-hours: 1849.6
review: Dota2 is a best game for me.
game-hours: 2398.7
review: Was called a noob and fed mid lane 11/10 will get called a noob again
game-hours: 1068.0
review: best game ever
game-hours: 12.4
review: Dota 2 is a great game of strategy, personal skill and above all TEAMWORK.
game-hours: 43.2
review: has the same transition noise from day to night as the one in Warcraft 3 10/10.
game-hours: 1083.9
review: give back my 2 keys
game-hours: 2674.7
review: ....
game-hours: 2384.7
review: Melhor jogo do mundo! xD
game-hours: 2091.9
review: The game is awesome :D except the russian players ruin the game sometimes and cant cumunicate. Other than that the game is ing awesome :) 10/10 Valve good job and keep making awesome games.
game-hours: 1.3
review: giddy ho
game-hours: 430.4
review: the best!!!
game-hours: 780.5
review: this is my life
game-hours: 345.1
review: the best game ever!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 243.1
review: I have three words fun cool amazing
game-hours: 2009.0
review: BEST MOBA GAME EVER PLAYED!
game-hours: 2949.0
review: Its an epic game
game-hours: 1362.7
review: Best of da Best E-sport game
game-hours: 223.6
review: u can eat trees
game-hours: 297.7
review: gg game gg
game-hours: 1066.6
review: Great game when played with a minimum of teamplay, otherwise it becomes a bit annoying...
game-hours: 55.3
review: just copying league of legends, do not buy unless you suck eggs, like squidward. still recommend tho
game-hours: 1643.5
review: ++
game-hours: 1502.8
review: very nice game, helps gamers do what they love...
game-hours: 2278.0
review: Never play dota pls
game-hours: 1336.3
review: I personly think that dota 2 is the best stratagy game to play with friends or groups.... a fun way to meat other people aswell to show off your gamer skills
game-hours: 1393.0
review: owsume
game-hours: 692.4
review: Awesome best ing epic game yo!
game-hours: 13.7
review: I've just recently started playing Dota 2. My friends always said that it was addicting and I always thought otherwise. I mean, what can be so addicting about a game. I thought that killing and dying is never really that fun. Then I just kind of got bored and after 2 games I got hooked! I now understand how fun it is. Addicting even. The graphics are nice. The response of heroes are great. The skills are appropriate for each hero. I'm just glad that I opened up to Dota 2
game-hours: 6403.7
review: Get out before you can, this is too adictive!
game-hours: 1980.2
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 506.0
review: .Cool.
game-hours: 2169.0
review: best strategic and fun to play games....
game-hours: 763.5
review: best of the best
game-hours: 249.4
review: 10/10
game-hours: 1315.3
review: ggwp
game-hours: 873.3
review: best game ever :3
game-hours: 355.5
review: good game :D
game-hours: 2057.1
review: Why the hell is this game so hard
game-hours: 1833.2
review: it's very good
game-hours: 1608.6
review: thos game awesome.. i like this
game-hours: 283.3
review: All the noobs who come from LoL rate this game as pointless and confusing. However DoTA2 is a great MOBA full of strategy and an ever evolving metagame which is part of why it is fun, it also has reat tutorials for newer players to get used to last-hittings and denys.
game-hours: 1637.3
review: Made me get held back 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 680.0
review: nice wan !
game-hours: 2261.5
review: Ko chi ph c tui chi
game-hours: 343.1
review: Awsome online game for guys/gals out there... Just have fun!!! =D
game-hours: 2444.5
review: good
game-hours: 802.3
review: this is an awesome game, and it's > LoL
game-hours: 2782.3
review: Literally, a bad game. 2/10. 4 years since first released? Still beta, 2014. You selected english? Better learn 3 new languages. Team game? Farm it out. Updates? Only to release more hats. New heroes? Half-life 2 Ep 3. Metascore 90? Money, Cash. 18+? Children only. Free to play? Average IQ drops below 100. Gave first blood? Leave game. MMR? Clearly Balanced. Suggest legitimate opinion that would result in a win? Muted. Play better than most? Reported. Reported the person that fed on purpose? Have them on your team next game. Low Priority? For life. Only game to get legitimate reviews. You think the reviews are a joking? Play the game.
game-hours: 1391.7
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 4247.9
review: Good games but too many scammer
game-hours: 2325.3
review: :) hell yeah
game-hours: 123.5
review: this game is really hard to play with a erection
game-hours: 771.8
review: good game
game-hours: 386.4
review: Dota 2 , one of the best free games out there on the net. It's really fun once you get to play it better. It's also really fustrating when you're the worst player of your team, oh the pressure they put on you is unfathomable. Really good game + it's free, so why not try it right? Ruined my life , so why not ruin yours ? Makes perfect sense !
game-hours: 1234.2
review: This is a great game, the graphics are good, the sound atmospheric, the game play is clean and fun, and the heros are enjoyable and at some moments funny. However the game lacks in some area, some heros are far better then others when you play on a public server, i.e. (Sniper, Riki, and Bloodseeker) just to name a few, all these heros can be countered easily, but with an incompetant team they'll become gods on the battlefield, also the tutorial teaches bad habits i.e. (Only teaching you how to fight in the middle lane, poor hero selection, and no team building tutorial). Altogether this game is great, it is outstanding how open ended the battles can be, every game is different, and you're never left unsatisfied. I give this game a 9/10
game-hours: 397.2
review: nc
game-hours: 192.8
review: 11/10 LOL :D This game is so great! Thumbs up!
game-hours: 1194.2
review: I used to be a solitary soul, but now this game has truely opened up many doors for the future! I now know the basics for the russian langauge and plan to expand my future career as a russian interpretatator, aswell as continuing my online course of russian languages and culture, I would like to thank valve for their contribution in my life and would just like to say: ""
game-hours: 1176.9
review: sdsd
game-hours: 1476.3
review: BEST GAME EVER. MUST PLAY!!!!
game-hours: 1307.6
review: Great
game-hours: 1111.7
review: I DO LOVE THIS GAME! :D Without this , my life would be boring anyways. THANKS!
game-hours: 194.9
review: niceeee gameeeeeeeeeee
game-hours: 422.3
review: there is a voice chat 10/10 :D
game-hours: 323.6
review: Dota 2 is probly one of the games of all time but if your don't have a team this game can really be frustrating because you might need have a comeback but with pubes everone will just fight with each other or people will speak a different language and you can not work together. if you can deal with these probles you will find a very compex moba and fun game. (don,t play meepo)
game-hours: 842.0
review: best game ever.....
game-hours: 7508.4
review: Best game ever but the hardest to get started at. Requires months to even be decent... Ive lost years to DotA...
game-hours: 1042.8
review: good game
game-hours: 1359.2
review: Play Until you DIE ## DIE Or TAKE Accept ! ( DOTA )
game-hours: 1606.1
review: aawawaw
game-hours: 179.2
review: yeah!
game-hours: 998.4
review: awesome game
game-hours: 153.3
review: just like dota 1 and other MOBA
game-hours: 2571.1
review: gg
game-hours: 1061.0
review: GG
game-hours: 193.9
review: !
game-hours: 2215.3
review: best game ever
game-hours: 290.6
review: Tunnel Snakes Rule
game-hours: 994.7
review: I think the Dota 2 is very good game. Nice design and a lot of heroes to play.
game-hours: 1246.9
review: D2
game-hours: 2583.0
review: 1000% life steal
game-hours: 1676.0
review: Awesome, but very addicting
game-hours: 801.9
review: ADDICTING GAME.
game-hours: 2571.5
review: BEST GAME EVAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
game-hours: 1425.0
review: PLS NERF DAT  JUGGERNAUT.only with aganim can kill easy 2 person.
game-hours: 563.7
review: My FRV Game
game-hours: 676.1
review: ABSOLUTELY GREAT
game-hours: 155.3
review: REVIEWS FOR DOTA 2:ROSETTA STONE FOR GAMERS - "If you hate Russia, think League of Legends is too mainstream, and have a lot of time to waste, this is THE GAME for you." - "Best language learning tool EVER especially for the following languages: Portugese, Russian, and every language in the entire EU!" - "I didn't know Valve made language games...." - "Before DotA 2, my friends called me a wannabe hipster, but now I'm a genuine hipster, unlike all of those LoL playing imbeciles"
game-hours: 2631.2
review: leage of legend was first but dota is better game
game-hours: 1528.2
review: commended!!
game-hours: 1548.2
review: DotA 2 best game ever... If you can get past the fact that all the servers are Russian.
game-hours: 598.6
review: Verry good game spent 4000 hours of my life for this
game-hours: 1052.7
review: Hmmmm .....
game-hours: 2072.6
review: The perfect bundle of fun and frustration.
game-hours: 10.0
review: i love dota
game-hours: 1424.9
review: Nice game. I like it.!!!
game-hours: 1382.8
review: Rato Doto !! best games
game-hours: 3006.5
review: Good Game Ever,and Never Die
game-hours: 799.5
review: Addicted and forever in love. Trumps LoL anyday.
game-hours: 2089.3
review: It's like trying to stick to a work routine except people keep yelling at you and messing up your desk.
game-hours: 250.7
review: Great game all around Takes time to understand the game fully and almost impossible to master. However because of this fact it keeps your attention nonstop. team work is a heavy factor in this game but most people are totaly cool and will even help you out if your a newer player. All things considered it is a great game! And a special thanks to Valve for keeping this game free!
game-hours: 1235.4
review: russian game 10/10
game-hours: 915.2
review: Awesome
game-hours: 2361.9
review: People asking for Mana only in this game.
game-hours: 790.0
review: Play and feel the fun :)
game-hours: 1142.9
review: Nice GAME!
game-hours: 1746.2
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 1293.5
review: This game is the reason I own steam :)
game-hours: 1612.6
review: Awsome game
game-hours: 140.9
review: dotarino, best game 10/10
game-hours: 543.2
review: awesome
game-hours: 1365.7
review: really a nice game to play with ......
game-hours: 1816.5
review: ++++++++++1
game-hours: 2856.0
review: fun to play
game-hours: 679.2
review: Dota is a competitive game of action and strategy, played both ... This is one of the reasons that the Dota phenomenon has continued to grow.
game-hours: 1340.4
review: best game ever made
game-hours: 1065.4
review: bljat Great game 10/10 Tangina sohai cibai la huehuehue
game-hours: 716.6
review: Dota is a teamwork game, and you must support each other. Throw your ego, discard your stupidity, put up some courage and concentrate. You must read a situation when playing this game, so don't be an airhead. Every minutes is counted, so you must thing smart to overcame all situations. Overall, this is fantastic game ever I played in my life
game-hours: 2149.2
review: Dota 2 is an awesome game,, play with your friend and get more fun :)
game-hours: 565.8
review: great game. just don't mind the rude players
game-hours: 1369.5
review: -Great game Great variety of characters that you do not get bored Try it only at the beginning Strive to understand the mechanics of the game -Grandioso juego Gran variedad de personajes que no te aburriran pruebenlo solo al principio esfuerzate para entender la mecanica del juego
game-hours: 52.9
review: I pulled someone through a tree and the whole team came with him and i got the penta...10/10
game-hours: 1419.9
review: recommend! :)
game-hours: 816.5
review: you can meet mother russian
game-hours: 1555.0
review: nice game :x
game-hours: 497.5
review: You may be strong but you not 5 ..
game-hours: 978.1
review: best game ever!
game-hours: 896.8
review: Let's Play This Game, Be A Pro
game-hours: 1969.6
review: 2000 hours of sex with teammate's moms. The best way to waste my useless time like in garena's W3. T Y valve 4 saving of endangered species of frogs (Ice frog i mean) .
game-hours: 1281.3
review: You will hate this game. You will love this game. You will become an  to your friends (if you have any). Your bonds with them will strengthen. May make you racist. These are facts.
game-hours: 256.1
review: I love it!
game-hours: 2154.7
review: :)
game-hours: 1543.5
review: Recommended for Russians. Best game ever, could destroy your life and LoL players.
game-hours: 890.3
review: Cool game!
game-hours: 2400.4
review: I can sucessfully make a living off selling my nude photos for pudge hooks!
game-hours: 42.1
review: If there is a F2P that I would encourage people to play pick up on steam, it would have to be Dota 2. The amount of time that you have to into this game is 100% worth. You might think that League of Legends would be a better option because it's easier to pick up and it's true. But, if you really want to be tested a MOBA game this would be it.
game-hours: 4539.8
review: good
game-hours: 724.7
review: aaaa
game-hours: 677.5
review: The best things in life are free.
game-hours: 2284.2
review: It was great
game-hours: 1137.1
review: I LIKE BECAUSE IT WILL HELP YOU TO CARRY OUT YOUR PROBLEMS . SOMETIMES ALWAYS UPDATE .
game-hours: 477.4
review: This game is good.
game-hours: 1169.8
review: pls play
game-hours: 1312.1
review: aa
game-hours: 1268.4
review: i love this game \m/
game-hours: 2654.2
review: superb game
game-hours: 1369.5
review: The most addictive game I've ever played... Cheers!!!
game-hours: 306.3
review: I Like This Games
game-hours: 1438.1
review: Dota 2 is great team game but not for the rakals. Please nevr pick Pudge Riki Sniper Phantom Asassin.
game-hours: 930.7
review: good game
game-hours: 2149.9
review: post review
game-hours: 364.4
review: i like this game because when i have a problem i'm going to play this game and my problem will granted.
game-hours: 1309.7
review: Any hero can equip/change items and skills and etc...! <3
game-hours: 2575.4
review: Fast paced, really gets you into the game. If you're looking for a challenge this is your MOBA :p
game-hours: 1226.7
review: best game
game-hours: 1589.4
review: if your reading this, pls go to my profile and there you will see a steam offer link,. pls steam offer me some items :D
game-hours: 143.3
review: This is a very good game!
game-hours: 1481.3
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 2537.5
review: Jogo muito sensual e envolvente my amigos.
game-hours: 1690.4
review: Well Played
game-hours: 524.7
review: Ruins my college life, steals all my savings to buy some fancy pixels, and a great protection from losing my virginity, Recommended game 11/10
game-hours: 938.5
review: I recommend this game
game-hours: 1770.4
review: yo o yo oyoyoyo yes
game-hours: 903.2
review: One of the most fantastic games.. so can you give us a chance to get a free items ?? :D
game-hours: 1167.8
review: A great game to play with or without your friends, depending on how much you tolerate the "randoms". You will eventually lose your cool and go bananas. 10/10 Have fun :D
game-hours: 739.9
review: Nice game to kill 1 hour of free time per game
game-hours: 952.9
review: DOTA 2 *--*
game-hours: 7.2
review: it's like skyrim, with guns.
game-hours: 1989.1
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 379.3
review: This game unites humanity in a way I have never seen before. I you have ever wanted to hate South America, Central America Russia, and Europe. This is the game for you 12/10.
game-hours: 1404.9
review: Very good
game-hours: 1013.5
review: addicted with this game lol
game-hours: 301.7
review: THis is awsome game i ever played
game-hours: 2307.6
review: Excellent game, especially considering it's free.This game is Complex, competitive, fun and loads of teamwork.I have never seen aesthetics like those in Dota 2. Something about the graphics is very visually appealing and unique. It's the best free to play game I've ever experienced. Though it may take dozens of hours to learn, players that grasp Dota 2s ideas will find a game thats almost endlessly enjoyable.Youll need knowledge, skill, and a smidge of spider-sense. Friends to learn with are a must, and dont be deceived by the lack of a pricetag: Dota 2 will cost you hundreds of hours.  Try it out now.., its free.. and badass!
game-hours: 1387.8
review: good
game-hours: 501.2
review: 10/10 I love this game. I would recommend completing the tutorials first before going into the public match making, so that you would know a lot of tricks while playing.
game-hours: 89.9
review: Drink Vodka and Win Dotka
game-hours: 15.2
review: This is great :)
game-hours: 573.7
review: Really steep learning curve, but once you get into it, it's brilliant!
game-hours: 3561.8
review: Pointless and monotonous game that makes me a little bit happier.-.
game-hours: 2067.5
review: Highly recommended!
game-hours: 2353.5
review: this game ruin my life!
game-hours: 245.9
review: best game
game-hours: 1436.3
review: Iv'e just tried this game and it was awesome. Though Dota1 is cool this game is way more cooler. Hope you'll have a chance to experience this game too.
game-hours: 500.9
review: Yeah this game is so awesome! I can't stop playing this game, It is so very addictive. :D
game-hours: 42.4
review: Dota 2 is an outstanding game full of action, strategy and fun! I reccommend this to any gamer who likes a sh*t ton of fun ! 10/10
game-hours: 481.1
review: i like dota2 too much because it challenges me so much with pro players :)
game-hours: 2921.3
review: Badass.
game-hours: 4021.3
review: nice
game-hours: 1740.7
review: good game
game-hours: 1410.3
review: good
game-hours: 758.1
review: You will cry, you will scream, you might break your computer from frustration. But you will play it anyway. Because once you've gone, you can never go back. Stay away while you can, which will be for at least ten seconds more. You have been warned.
game-hours: 1711.6
review: Mute toxic players and you will enjoy hard to learn, but fun to play game.
game-hours: 1523.7
review: -REVEW- +awsome graphics +awsome gameplay +good balance between heroes +very nice item and inventory system (HATS !! ) +ruined my life +updatin so good -no legion lock ( welcome to soviet europe) - -mid or feed 10/11 awsome game
game-hours: 1452.1
review: This game is about teamwork :3
game-hours: 542.7
review: vry vry gooooodddddd
game-hours: 1891.5
review: noob pL no craft radiance first player join ranked
game-hours: 346.1
review: DOTA NA xD
game-hours: 3309.9
review: Very addicting and entertaining game.
game-hours: 979.3
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 1560.2
review: ^ ^
game-hours: 5133.9
review: the battle begin XD
game-hours: 816.4
review: Just Hang on Tight.
game-hours: 2822.1
review: BEST DOTO DRUNK DOTO!
game-hours: 2119.0
review: best game ever
game-hours: 509.7
review: 8/8 +rep, would bang
game-hours: 3516.6
review: 1.) play nature's prophet, buy dagon. 2.) kill steal and courier snipe. 3.) managed to distress the enemy players. 4.) ???? 5.) Nature PROFIT!
game-hours: 6.8
review: This game will destroy your social life. If you don't have a social life, it'll destroy your life. 10/10
game-hours: 849.5
review: Gandalf the White Wizard is in it! Wow! #
game-hours: 864.1
review: yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
game-hours: 791.4
review: its a funny game with good action
game-hours: 86.2
review: gg
game-hours: 383.2
review: Very Nice :D
game-hours: 948.9
review: best game ever
game-hours: 2673.9
review: y is good
game-hours: 2153.5
review: One of the best game ever.,
game-hours: 3027.4
review: Good game
game-hours: 1328.7
review: awesome game
game-hours: 1997.7
review: very good game
game-hours: 211.4
review: This is a finely crafted game of a war between two sides, me vs everyone else. From the start of the game I am introduced to people from all around the world, who think that I am a "ing noob" and do not know another word of english beyond that. Even when playing with friends, they are immersed into the lore, and also call me a ing . The depth and immensity of the roleplaying experience is one for the ages. I would recommend this game to everyone who likes fantasy, roleplaying, action, and being yelled at in Russian.
game-hours: 1.2
review: Anyone must play
game-hours: 649.0
review: :)
game-hours: 900.5
review: RECOMENDED!!!
game-hours: 222.9
review: good
game-hours: 3509.8
review: this is cool.
game-hours: 2427.6
review: very addictive HOHO
game-hours: 634.3
review: DotA 2, A game where teamwork is key. this game is a MOBA where you work together with 4 others to destroy the other team's ancient, all while defending your own. When first getting in to this game, do the tutorial, it may be boring (REALLY boring), but it teaches all the baisics. After 200 hours, i can say that this is one of the best games i've played and i hasn't gotten old yet
game-hours: 12.3
review: League is better, hands down.
game-hours: 7.9
review: good
game-hours: 2200.4
review: Good game, lot of people play this game. lot of fun, thanks valve..
game-hours: 758.4
review: :)
game-hours: 1622.8
review: kalo ada server pinoy sendiri, mmg perfect game ni
game-hours: 2336.5
review: it was one of the best game i've ever played.
game-hours: 2356.0
review: Great Game
game-hours: 489.0
review: It is an amazing game to play, I've had a lot of fun playing it
game-hours: 806.6
review: wp
game-hours: 2243.8
review: DOTA 2, the most recommended multiplayer online battle arena in this world. Gamers who don't know DOTA 2 is not 100% gamer. Just try it, and you will addict!
game-hours: 2419.1
review: very nice game
game-hours: 2419.4
review: yes
game-hours: 846.6
review: a  childer :3
game-hours: 2279.4
review: Best online strategy game ever!
game-hours: 1378.3
review: None stop action brings back alot of good memories and is more beutiful compar eto dota 1
game-hours: 1397.3
review: PLEASE GIVE DRAGONCLAW HOOK :(
game-hours: 1569.2
review: this  is the flame
game-hours: 1006.1
review: Sexy
game-hours: 373.4
review: it's inside my blood
game-hours: 5.3
review: Beautiful visuals and stunning gameplay mechanics whith each hero having a complete separate function whilst having many hero customization options as well as being able to customize your game announcer and HUD, this game is a perfect example of the MOBA genre and will keep you occupied for hours on end.
game-hours: 70.5
review: i love this game guys)
game-hours: 2480.4
review: never been bored
game-hours: 1200.1
review: this game is....uhhhh i got nothing to say about this game.. all i know this game is ROCKIN!
game-hours: 250.0
review: imo best moba atm
game-hours: 3681.9
review: Graphics: 10/10 Story: - Gameplay: 10/10 I dont know where to begin, I am near to 3k hours played, and intended to move on.. You must already saw how the game is played through videos or read it from somewhere, its MOBA. But, why 8 million people play same map, over and over, and never bored. Here comes the epic truth; yes, we play same map every game, but never played same game once in my life. The choices you made, the hero picks and item builds made it a whole different game. It also enables communication with different cultures, (very minor but it does) and improves your sense of team play. Its graphics are good and supported by poor graphic cards also. There is no story behind it, however there are character bio's in learn section of game. This game is highly recommended, but beware, once you are in, you are in. There is no exit! GL & HF
game-hours: 388.2
review: dota 2 best game
game-hours: 792.0
review: awesome game
game-hours: 1225.7
review: SO F*****G GOOD
game-hours: 1007.4
review: nice
game-hours: 1389.6
review: :)))
game-hours: 2458.5
review: Zupper!! Its Very Nice Game Ever!!
game-hours: 1765.1
review: nice
game-hours: 1278.3
review: Prepare to lose your social life!
game-hours: 1310.5
review: im addicted to this game
game-hours: 3334.8
review: So Funny play dota 2 .. haha
game-hours: 1365.3
review: The voices are telling me to kill my friends after 12 games. 10/10
game-hours: 1857.5
review: :::::::::::>
game-hours: 889.0
review: good game
game-hours: 588.4
review: :P
game-hours: 1193.7
review: Good
game-hours: 1227.5
review: good
game-hours: 3040.8
review: this games has the worst system of matching you can ever see, even if you are good at this doesn't matter if your teammates are a bunch of idiots or antigamers . the upgrading system is annoying indeed , if you compare with others moba . dota has the most slow developers in adding heroes
game-hours: 1279.0
review: good game to play alone and have fun agenst or with frinds, recommneded for people with large groups of people to play with
game-hours: 139.5
review: Very nice game. :D
game-hours: 1510.2
review: best game of world
game-hours: 1255.0
review: Good game!
game-hours: 407.5
review: Better than LoL and always will be.
game-hours: 622.1
review: Very Addictive ^_^
game-hours: 1806.1
review: want to learn russian in just half an hour? play dota 2 and select any server to begin your wonderful journey of russian players! 11/10
game-hours: 1254.0
review: GooD gAmE
game-hours: 807.4
review: LET US THROOOW LET US THROOOW~ WE PROBABLY DESERVED IT ANYWAY!
game-hours: 1320.6
review: Enjoyment, Awesome cosmetics and in-game items, Fabulous community ... what more can I say? You just have to experience it first hand.
game-hours: 1516.0
review: Great game Would recommend its a great moba it can be toxic to start but its nice once you get into it... if you need training at the start msg me and i will help you out
game-hours: 292.3
review: Game is really fun when played with friends.
game-hours: 605.2
review: i lOve dOta 2 forEver
game-hours: 534.2
review: +rep good game
game-hours: 1869.5
review: amazing game
game-hours: 1308.3
review: This a game make feelling want kill
game-hours: 42.4
review: epic game, i'm always play...
game-hours: 2024.0
review: Lots of Fun, you need to be ready for some verbal aggressiveness though... ;)
game-hours: 2673.0
review: Once you truly understand the mechanics of this game, Dota2 becomes a part of your life. It's highly immersive gameplay and the small nuances every hero possess like the conversations that the heroes have once they interact with each other fills me with happiness and awe and I can't even begin to imagine the amount of effort that must have been put into Dota2 to make it what it is today. All in all, it is truly a brilliant game.
game-hours: 142.0
review: @_@
game-hours: 2901.2
review: I warn you once. Start playing this game and you will get addicted. The synergy between smooth gameplay, competivity and the ability to costumize your hero's appearance is a dangerous swirl of digital pixels that keep you behind the screen of your computer. Every game is diffrent, and you need to adjust. Also, this game is great for beginners and proffesional players. Valve is adding multiple gamemodes as we speak, and keeps improving the balance, adding new heroes and so on. Don't forget to feed your cat. Dota will take over your life.
game-hours: 2088.6
review: Do not download this game or you'll lose your friends, family and girlfriends.
game-hours: 1846.3
review: yup to eveyone...... all should try this game... fun ^^
game-hours: 479.4
review: Nice game.Personally I don't like this kind of games but still I would rate this game with:good....
game-hours: 623.5
review: aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
game-hours: 1972.5
review: ILU dotooo
game-hours: 2764.8
review: Free and super interactive. Have been a fan of dota for years.
game-hours: 6717.8
review: 10/10
game-hours: 1178.2
review: Vety Good and Nice Game!!!!!!
game-hours: 593.8
review: Ez Game
game-hours: 417.4
review: thats a good game and visuality
game-hours: 985.4
review: Stalins plan has finally been put in motion, its only a matter of time....
game-hours: 829.6
review: :)
game-hours: 1246.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 1463.7
review: Dota2 is the best game in the world...... :)
game-hours: 882.1
review: nice
game-hours: 627.0
review: good game
game-hours: 1619.1
review: Nice :D
game-hours: 514.6
review: Very good game, lot's of fun :)
game-hours: 509.8
review: Good Game
game-hours: 3379.7
review: APK
game-hours: 3277.0
review: nice game!!!!!
game-hours: 265.0
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 1900.3
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1355.7
review: Great game. Better than LoL. Addicting.
game-hours: 827.7
review: Why aren't you playing this game already? it's free and it's the best  I've ever played for free. heck, just ask me one and I'll get you one. tho' I think everyone has this game already :I Also you will learn cool languages like russia, in a bad way.
game-hours: 3490.9
review: Wanna learn some Spanish, Russian, English, or Portuguese words or even the entire language? Then this game is made for you.
game-hours: 651.4
review: GG
game-hours: 3101.7
review: follow u
game-hours: 3839.4
review: Best game EVER!
game-hours: 733.7
review: , !!!!)
game-hours: 553.7
review: Back in '05, this game always reminds my friends and I when choosing between dota vs. woman (good times). Good alternative for RTS gaming. exhibit-a:
game-hours: 2036.7
review: This ..game is so . . very amazing . .aside for . .that .. 3D graphics..!
game-hours: 290.5
review: Nice game. Nice graphics. Nice gameplay.
game-hours: 0.5
review: j
game-hours: 1496.7
review: This is probably the best Action RTS (ARTS) game I've ever played ! Thanks Dota 2 for making my day :D
game-hours: 826.8
review: nice
game-hours: 1600.8
review: 1. You'll learn to play as a team 2. You'll learn how to not give up till the throne is down! 3. Encounter people with different language in 1 game 4. Sacrifice for others 5. Get used to be blamed by others 6. Discover that not all of DotA 2 players are kind, so deal with it :)
game-hours: 1598.8
review: Good game, the heroes don't cost in game currency to unlock, and there IS no in game currency. There are also over 100 heroes with unique abilities and skills, etc... 9.23578/10.
game-hours: 823.2
review: I like this game so much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 3416.2
review: dota the best
game-hours: 765.2
review: The best teamgame/strategy game.
game-hours: 713.6
review: good strategy game.
game-hours: 1508.4
review: I used to suffer from chronic low blood pressure, until I started playing Dota 2. Nowadays... well, let me just say that 'low blood pressure' is the least of my various concerns. An amazing game, and an amazing cure - all for the low, low price of $0, and possibly your sanity. Yes, that's right - you don't have to pay a single cent to play! So, what are you waiting for? Give this game a go, and change yourself today - both physiologically and psychologically.
game-hours: 2267.2
review: +good games for everyone :) must play!
game-hours: 684.4
review: I like this game very much because it is very challenging in anyone. I dont like when the game is super revile the foreigner in the pinoy player.
game-hours: 95.8
review: liked the gameplay and the animation. what i didn't like about is the rules on steam guard.
game-hours: 1151.9
review: Unique and addictive game.... (y)
game-hours: 262.2
review: dota is a piece of . every  that plays this ing piece of  game is a ed up nerd . the game is flawed as . and every  is a .  yourselves .  you to hell and  your parents for being
game-hours: 1425.9
review: good game
game-hours: 3081.3
review: cool
game-hours: 1707.8
review: good game everyone love it.
game-hours: 2189.5
review: Best MOBA game ever..!!
game-hours: 2433.1
review: game is ing awesome
game-hours: 494.4
review: THIS IS AMAZING!!!!
game-hours: 1694.3
review: best game ever!!
game-hours: 3800.5
review: I like this game but too many error like searching network
game-hours: 1346.9
review: lol
game-hours: 292.8
review: good awesome
game-hours: 127.2
review: Smooth Ui, great gameplay and new innovative ideas, like couriers and player specific markets place this game a head above the rest in the MOBA genre
game-hours: 783.9
review: this is a good game wkkwkw
game-hours: 226.9
review: Nice
game-hours: 889.9
review: H i !!
game-hours: 3493.0
review: dota is good
game-hours: 1388.4
review: My friend told me it is good but he completely lied to me. What a total scrublord. God. I hate this game with every part of my being. It is like a total sausage fest. Call of Duty and Beyond Two Souls is better. Now I am going to go meme and troll on the internet. 10/10 Could have been better.
game-hours: 1951.3
review: if you like being screamed at by people in languages you don't understand, dota 2 is the game for you
game-hours: 291.7
review: Long live the king of all the mobas!
game-hours: 3480.5
review: hahaha
game-hours: 702.5
review: One of the best games played as a multiplayer online. Very fun Would definetly recommend this games to my friends
game-hours: 3356.1
review: zatyanyla
game-hours: 643.5
review: Like this
game-hours: 1064.7
review: This game is legen... wait for it. dary !
game-hours: 4357.5
review: (Y)
game-hours: 1036.2
review: Dota2 nice world game
game-hours: 1309.4
review: This game is awesome! But prepare your russian skills ^^. They are everywhere!
game-hours: 3141.3
review: Tess
game-hours: 2654.5
review: nice game its the best strategic game i have ever played every gamer should try it it has a goog map itf a full time fun game loved it>>>!!!!
game-hours: 1825.1
review: good game
game-hours: 1852.1
review: SO GOOD GAME
game-hours: 4321.7
review: Get mad at all of your friends in one of the newest installments of the A.S.S.F.A.G genre.
game-hours: 1977.9
review: yo this game real easy i pck the new guy (eart spirit) and i just win every gaem??? wow valve make your games hard at least sheesh
game-hours: 1058.3
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 1392.5
review: love this game
game-hours: 2909.0
review: This game just ruined my life. So far i spent 1000 hours playing this game. 10/10 Love it or leave it.
game-hours: 151.5
review: Awesome game ever! Teamwork is a must! if no teamwork, your team lose.
game-hours: 788.7
review: really2 nice game. i'm so having fun play this game
game-hours: 857.1
review: Good game. Helped me meet new people and make some friends.
game-hours: 918.2
review: most awesome game i play.. thanks for this game
game-hours: 750.1
review: FRESH MEAT
game-hours: 1793.5
review: Best ever!
game-hours: 544.9
review: nice
game-hours: 374.4
review: ss
game-hours: 673.7
review: Great game, really fun and i love it style of doing MOBAs, with 4 friends this game is a blast.
game-hours: 678.1
review: This game is a cancerous demon spawn that grips onto you like an overly excited male dog, once its got hold of you you are never going to want to leave your house again, say goodbye to any sort of social life, and if you're a virgin, goodluck. You'll slowly become be a narcissistic , with a passion for racism towards any sort of non english speaking person. Other then that it serves as a wonderful way to learn several different languages, including Russian, russian, russian.. 10/10 recommend for everyone and their nan.
game-hours: 2476.2
review: Good Game~~
game-hours: 2247.9
review: Good Game
game-hours: 3108.9
review: a
game-hours: 274.0
review: SOO COOL GAME
game-hours: 1176.1
review: Nice stratergy Game
game-hours: 3097.5
review: A game can make u addicted XD
game-hours: 172.1
review: This game is really fun once you get decent at it. Although unforgiving at times, it had me hooked and playing for hours!
game-hours: 534.7
review: I havent seen my family or friends in 2 years. 10/10
game-hours: 10.2
review: I LOVE DOTA 2
game-hours: 1747.7
review: Please fix the community by eliminating the noobs :)
game-hours: 813.1
review: y i update no move,i cant update
game-hours: 385.1
review: hmm gud luck guys
game-hours: 2117.0
review: My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through." I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway.
game-hours: 2137.6
review: I LOVE THIS GAME !
game-hours: 2648.3
review: The game itself is something wonderful. I who have only started by playing Dota 2 and not any of the other forebears such as LoL, HoN or the original Dota, must say that i love this type of strategy game. The heroes are rather amazing to play with the vast variety and the dynamic gameplay is brilliant. Granted there are some problems with the amount of updates required that do screw up the gameplay at times, Dota 2 is by far one of the best games in my opinion.
game-hours: 1494.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 878.7
review: .   !
game-hours: 860.7
review: This MOBA game is really good to play with friends
game-hours: 44.5
review: 10/10 game
game-hours: 26.9
review: Sem duvidas o melhor MOBA do Mundo !!!
game-hours: 959.5
review: good game
game-hours: 2091.2
review: Good game! Need techies
game-hours: 1875.1
review: Now i believe in love from the first sight!. This game blows your mind, it's really fun, competetive and a time spending solution. I really recommend such games, a jaw dropping MOBA to satisfy you. DOTA 2 is the god of MOBA, 100% Free: Everything is unlocked (Not like LoL) , you get drop and you can make money from it. I give it a 10/10 ^^ GET IT! :D
game-hours: 388.1
review: Dota 2 is a stragady game where you kill, earn money, and helps you think better. Dota 2 helps you on lots of things as well as thinking fast, ganking the right time, and doing a ability at the right time too.Dota will make you think faster and help you on your keyborad typeings like the abilitys, the moving camara, the mouse, and the speed and timeing of the abilitys. Dota 2 is a really competive game where you try to win with random people you might not know which is good so you can be with other people to do teamwork stuff. Trying dota will do lots of things to you so try it you might like it.
game-hours: 698.1
review: Funny and mechanically great
game-hours: 5528.8
review: Incredible
game-hours: 468.1
review: Good free game, a must try at minimuim
game-hours: 2237.4
review: GG pars
game-hours: 1743.4
review: dota 4eva
game-hours: 2449.6
review: 10/10
game-hours: 475.1
review: My name is angel
game-hours: 286.2
review: ^^,
game-hours: 1010.8
review: "When I first started DOTA2 I was a little overwhelmed, as my first ARTS/MOBA game it was pretty complicated. I soon started to pick up the mechanics like last hitting and denying. Before I knew it, I was performing  and better. I stopped making silly  and  got vastly better at not  the enemy . For the  part, everyone I've met was very helpful and , there  the   however. As  - play DOTA2    ,  ,     .      !" Not my words, but still relevant. You tend to learn some Spanish and Russian due to the amount of people who speak those languages in the English queues. Good game, fast paced and intuitive, loads of fun. Valve makes sure that this game continues to grow within it's boundaries, by adding season-specific events and new cosmetics as often as possible.
game-hours: 1875.3
review: i like this game :D
game-hours: 1164.4
review: Good!
game-hours: 1461.8
review: This game may have its ups and downs but in all its an amazing game that has made my life easier. One way is that I learned the new wonderful language of Russian, although the only word I know so far is , I'm sure it will help me get a job later in life. Just calling my would be boss a  in Russian would deffinatly increase my chances of getting said job.
game-hours: 583.7
review: Good Game :v
game-hours: 288.8
review: i like the team cooperation in this game
game-hours: 228.0
review: Awesome moba, 10/10. I would play this alot more if I weren't already playing League Of Legends, but anyway it is a great game and greatly recommended.
game-hours: 964.6
review: play this game please
game-hours: 1241.5
review: :)
game-hours: 2560.6
review: DOTA 2!
game-hours: 1123.6
review: I like this cos i enjoyed and socialized with new friends
game-hours: 437.3
review: best game ever.. so tactical..
game-hours: 1965.8
review: game is hard
game-hours: 922.6
review: GG!
game-hours: 327.9
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 459.1
review: nice
game-hours: 1217.9
review: Best MOBA Fun to play with any friends
game-hours: 1664.5
review: Very balanced moba no doubt, very flexible with multiple mechanics. Community isnt 5 stars but could be much worse for my moba's experience, atleast low priority system works well. Easy and Hard Heros for all types of players, you will learn to all with time. Huge price Pools for serious tournaments, very competitive, each year we found out new tactics from the world top teams/ players. Adapt your item build to the situation (enemy and friendly teams) and to the time of the game, not a base build that everyone uses all the time in that hero. Try to abuse mechanics like force staff and BS ulti. "Skin" system is amazing because you can create custom sets and you can trade or itens with other players to avoid money wastes, but i recommend to go to trade life only if you know the market and how to deal with scammers. Overall if you this game is to much for you, go play LoL, simple as that plastic kid cup with a straw that cant use a f***ing glass, because they can "cut" then selfs with a "complex" glass. Riot you make me sick.
game-hours: 319.9
review: wew
game-hours: 692.5
review: Nice
game-hours: 2066.4
review: Strategy gaming!
game-hours: 1706.2
review: No russians
game-hours: 741.1
review: Swear dis best game. Each time i play this game i get so turnt str8 burnt tbh
game-hours: 1070.4
review: This game sux. We need dota 3. Valvo giff dota 3.
game-hours: 490.0
review: Sequel to the game that started it all. It's a must play.
game-hours: 363.9
review: This Recomended game :)
game-hours: 1377.3
review: One of the best game to spend the rest of your life with..
game-hours: 1235.1
review: GG!
game-hours: 352.3
review: yeay! so fun :)
game-hours: 364.1
review: Its fun u know just beating poeple kinda like the dota 1 but with better graphics and the clashing looks Cool wiht it to,Haha
game-hours: 426.7
review: OK, I think I am officially addicted to this game. I love the great variety of gameplay options. It's also cool to learn to work together as a team with my friends. This game has somewhat of a steep learning curve, but it's great fun to play and the metagame has a fair amount of depth. It doesn't hurt at all that this game is free to play. I wish all my friends played DOTA 2.
game-hours: 402.1
review: good
game-hours: 469.3
review: Awesome game ever. Who play earlier dota will get confuse at beginning, but if u get used to it, will be easier to play. More animated, more hotkeys and more awesome!
game-hours: 1096.3
review: Recomended
game-hours: 41.1
review: nice
game-hours: 817.2
review: nice game but remember your time
game-hours: 1491.2
review: Tugas Akhir gw kagak kelar-kelar karena ini game
game-hours: 56.2
review: If you play League of Legends then play this game. It's better. All I have to say about this masterpiece.
game-hours: 1278.3
review: I had fun, but that was mostly with friends and goofing off. Avoid if you take games seriously.
game-hours: 239.6
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 3776.8
review: Hello
game-hours: 1435.5
review: So fun you'll never leave home!.................. Never...
game-hours: 597.0
review: Dota 2 is not going to be for everyone due to the skill level needed as well as the tactics needed to play the game. People coming from League of Legends may have a hard time playing this game because of the different mechanics, so expect to do well just because your level 15 in LoL. This game is the original Dota in a more up to date form. Dota 2 is rising in the competitive arena as MLG is just taking it under its wing in the recent MLG Columbus Championship, as well as Dota 2 being played at Dreamhack Winter 2013 for the first time. If you want to play a competitive MOBA with a better community (imo) than LoL, then shoot for this game. It is the next step in terms of skills needed.
game-hours: 4397.2
review: ^_^
game-hours: 353.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 2475.5
review: game is so nice with stratgy n it is free to play..
game-hours: 159.6
review: Nice game.
game-hours: 3185.3
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 10.9
review: best game ever
game-hours: 836.5
review: I like the game! It sure needed to be recommended but They are making the latest hero like The three spirts, they are not making the old heroes like Terrorblade, etc. I really wanted Terrorblade. But terrorblade is still not out yet :(. BUT COOL GAME!
game-hours: 613.2
review: i WAS a good player this DAY.
game-hours: 991.4
review: :P
game-hours: 4793.8
review: cool game keep it free for ever valve :)
game-hours: 637.7
review: Awesome game! Really gets the original DOTA feel, tactics, and awesomeness! Hoping for more active users and Updates!
game-hours: 1685.1
review: likeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
game-hours: 1.1
review: It is the meaning of poo :) Stinky and keeps it's shape
game-hours: 1358.7
review: this game is so bad that only a stupid noob would want to play it
game-hours: 2925.4
review: asd
game-hours: 1302.6
review: Loving it!
game-hours: 8.9
review: I don't much care for MOBAs. But I'm a sucker for nostalgia. 9/8
game-hours: 181.7
review: DotA is a black hole
game-hours: 1054.6
review: yes
game-hours: 1861.0
review: veri gud gaim paly pls
game-hours: 17.2
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 4007.1
review: qwe
game-hours: 307.4
review: N/A
game-hours: 34.3
review: good
game-hours: 4099.4
review: It's an amazing game - technically outstanding, showing all of Valve's usual polish and attention to detail, especially in the all-important multiplayer aspects. The continual balance tweaks and new heroes combined with the vast amount of content in the game offer countless hours of enjoyment. It's hard to master but good wins with your teammates are incredibly satisfying. It took me a long time to warm up to, but I'm helplessly addicted and every day look forward to getting home to fire this up with my friends. If you can spare the time - play it.
game-hours: 2810.7
review: SUPER LIKE DOTA 2 GAME !!!
game-hours: 459.5
review: Awesome
game-hours: 1458.8
review: It's okay.
game-hours: 1373.7
review: i like
game-hours: 1469.3
review: Awwsome
game-hours: 1598.4
review: very good
game-hours: 926.7
review: it's a perfect game to relax after work
game-hours: 1210.7
review: Pertamax
game-hours: 2833.2
review: Everyone who ever tried it will understand. It's a game u always come back to, for killing your time and ofc for fun. Skill is required. :))
game-hours: 25.3
review: Toxic community
game-hours: 79.8
review: This game runs at one frame every sixty seconds. It is also too hard and the campaign was limited.
game-hours: 1488.6
review: Nothing to tell
game-hours: 219.7
review: can dota 2 be played on the mac osx without crashing and the right click problem?
game-hours: 15.7
review: Consumed the forest to empower my hero then summoned an army of donkeys to charge the enemies front line, whilst teleporting teammates back to spawn and infinitely spinning until I turned into a black hole and finally absorbing the game. 10/10
game-hours: 41.8
review: I love the strategy and crazy amount of customization. Very fun alone or with friends.
game-hours: 422.4
review: Addictive! :D
game-hours: 1587.4
review: best game ever 10 out of 10
game-hours: 679.9
review: Dette er for drlig spill mer
game-hours: 2.1
review: Terrible game. The tutorial was so boring that I didn't even bother finishing it. Though, I wasn't too excited at what await me after the tutorial either, as i've heard this is one of the most unforgiving and anti-noob communities out there. I don't understand how that yields people 1000s of hours.
game-hours: 2200.9
review: qwerty
game-hours: 1789.5
review: Ruined my life please dont play this game.
game-hours: 1493.9
review: ggh
game-hours: 25.4
review: iz awesome but I suck!!
game-hours: 257.2
review: this is awesome...
game-hours: 915.2
review: Awesome
game-hours: 2361.9
review: People asking for Mana only in this game.
game-hours: 790.0
review: Play and feel the fun :)
game-hours: 1142.9
review: Nice GAME!
game-hours: 1746.2
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 2227.1
review: DK vs LGD
game-hours: 2661.8
review: best
game-hours: 608.9
review: I like this game because of the graphics. It so fun i love playing dota because when im playing dota im so happy =)
game-hours: 2256.5
review: awesome
game-hours: 2526.2
review: top2 gamza, no sistema matchmakinga polnoe govno
game-hours: 1333.9
review: BECOME A GREAT !!!
game-hours: 407.5
review: yeyyy
game-hours: 2509.1
review: Dota 2 is like an abusive relationship You invest hours of your life into it even though you know you're gonna get ed at, you feel like nobody ever considers your opinion, and you get really really depressed sometimes after while. It's still sorta worth it, kinda... Speaking of relationships dont' ask me about any and how I can compare this game and an abusive relationship, because I've been spending all my time on this stupid game with my stupid friends. I mean you stil get some pleasure out of it, right?
game-hours: 564.1
review: yep
game-hours: 2439.4
review: its fine i guess..
game-hours: 2350.8
review: thiss will make u addicted..
game-hours: 2040.4
review: DotA, It is THAT awesome!
game-hours: 1606.8
review: You can beat russians, mexicans and north americans... then "be friends" with them. there isn't anything more rewarded
game-hours: 1067.6
review: EAT SLEEP DOTA!!
game-hours: 396.9
review: GOOOOOD
game-hours: 50.3
review: da
game-hours: 606.8
review: gg
game-hours: 2273.7
review: GG!!!
game-hours: 750.4
review: nicely done
game-hours: 672.3
review: BEST GAME EVER!
game-hours: 1554.9
review: i like dota 2
game-hours: 1228.7
review: Don't play this game. It will take over your life. AMAZING
game-hours: 299.3
review: Great MOBA, much fun such awesomeness. Jokes aside, Dota2 is probably the best free to play game with friends, both competetively and casualy. It is fun, it is addictive.
game-hours: 1612.3
review: ,,,,
game-hours: 5380.9
review: Love<3
game-hours: 1832.7
review: really good games
game-hours: 2142.4
review: This game is
game-hours: 1015.2
review: YEs dota
game-hours: 930.5
review: This is my second life.
game-hours: 2421.9
review: great game!
game-hours: 3799.7
review: Best game EVER!! S2
game-hours: 257.2
review: I have never felt so weak and helpless in a game. 11/10 would recommend to everyone.
game-hours: 2580.7
review: Dota is my life
game-hours: 17.3
review: This is an Amazing Game I Recommend that you Play it!
game-hours: 2209.7
review: This is simply the best game I have ever played. It's not a pay-to-dominate type of game so its really good!
game-hours: 2052.8
review: there is no MOBA can beat this BEAST ( DOTA 2 )
game-hours: 246.4
review: Dota 2 promises to take the unique blend of online RTS and RPG action that has made Dota popular with tens of millions of gamers and expand upon it in every way. This is a competitive MOBA game of action and strategy, played both professionally and casually by millions of passionate fans worldwide. Players pick from a pool of over a hundred heroes, forming two teams of five characters. Radiant heroes then battle their Dire counterparts to control a fantasy landscape, waging campaigns of cunning, stealth, and outright warfare.
game-hours: 117.0
review: awsome game played by billions of people around the world, yes. its the best game evaaaaa
game-hours: 2659.3
review: :)))
game-hours: 83.6
review: best strategy game
game-hours: 3414.9
review: if you're new to this game : NEVER PLAY ON PUB or RATING GAMES!!!! because you will only became a burden to your teamates. go spend 4 years playin with bot then play with the pub
game-hours: 1567.6
review: Game Recommended for me! :3 gotta have it soon! :) :)
game-hours: 2095.3
review: Nice game
game-hours: 228.7
review: amazing
game-hours: 1936.7
review: great game... thumbs up!
game-hours: 191.4
review: best game ever but the trailer is a bit exagerated
game-hours: 3506.9
review: ruined my  10/10
game-hours: 1783.7
review: Good game
game-hours: 823.9
review: seru main dota 2 bnyak cabe2an nya
game-hours: 1574.2
review: DOTA 2 is the BEST...
game-hours: 14.1
review: League of legends is better
game-hours: 141.4
review: lost almost all my faith in humanity after my team lost against easy bots 10/10 would recommend
game-hours: 1184.7
review: Just comment
game-hours: 1362.8
review: Make it Better!!
game-hours: 2013.9
review: :)
game-hours: 509.6
review: ZERG! ZERG ZERG!
game-hours: 784.4
review: cool game
game-hours: 10.1
review: Better than ronit
game-hours: 2705.3
review: I highly recommend this game :D
game-hours: 3933.0
review: Play and compete worldwide.
game-hours: 1510.1
review: perfect
game-hours: 1334.7
review: This game is dope :P
game-hours: 827.5
review: laLala
game-hours: 1890.8
review: Nice game
game-hours: 1166.9
review: In the dota I started playing at age 7 it was a dota 1 is a very interesting and a team game then came the second dota and I did not leave the computer played almost without a break, I want to say a big thank Library Developer!
game-hours: 1317.4
review: I recommend it for all ages best when your studying foreign languages XD
game-hours: 1056.4
review: cool game
game-hours: 502.0
review: recommended and it's free
game-hours: 843.9
review: I like it. I almost lose my gf, but we are ok now... my gf and me too.
game-hours: 1648.5
review: you know this game is good without me saying that it's good
game-hours: 5.5
review: play this game for mechanics,  ui, and russians. better than league? i dont think this   genre could have a game that doesn't drain your soul. qopsslark/pudgehookupyourass i r8 it 8/8 m9
game-hours: 59.9
review: NICE GAME AND GO RAMPAGE !!
game-hours: 747.7
review: Awsome game
game-hours: 2612.5
review: report if enemies in your lane is missing!
game-hours: 172.2
review: 10/10 Waste my life.
game-hours: 1223.2
review: This game is free and super addictive!
game-hours: 262.0
review: best game ever, pure addicition
game-hours: 1462.7
review: :)
game-hours: 3075.3
review: awesome game
game-hours: 1158.1
review: GG :3
game-hours: 2.0
review: Excellent Game Love it
game-hours: 3.1
review: gay
game-hours: 1863.4
review: Blyat!
game-hours: 3942.4
review: DotA 2, the real RTS team scenario. If you're looking for "Real Time Strategy" game where a sharp mind, high timing and multi task ability make the difference, then this is your best choice. If you've been playing those new games marked as MOBA type and you get bored of playing because you don't need a high skill, then you need to try DotA 2
game-hours: 2379.7
review: This game is worth the money.
game-hours: 1600.9
review: Like
game-hours: 2.1
review: Apparently, there is a hot spider lady in it 10/10
game-hours: 3.1
review: Definitely reccomend playing this game even if you dont like games like League of Legends etc. I dont like those games but this is awesome. Play the turtorial as it is very helpful, it may take up 30 mins of your time before an actual game but its definitiely worth it
game-hours: 199.3
review: Nice
game-hours: 293.6
review: This game ruined my life... Literally
game-hours: 1162.8
review: DOTA 2
game-hours: 1220.7
review: on word ........Adictive
game-hours: 2585.1
review: me.  YEA!
game-hours: 1143.5
review: My opinion this game so very powerful and interesting to the people whos like play strategy game. I hope new gamers can try this games and enjoy it.
game-hours: 1092.2
review: Cool game :))
game-hours: 748.3
review: Such a nice game!
game-hours: 1719.6
review: lame game
game-hours: 613.3
review: every match have different story even if you want to try to replay the match still it's different
game-hours: 494.2
review: cool
game-hours: 488.3
review: Top Game
game-hours: 2485.6
review: good game
game-hours: 1859.1
review: +     ,     . -   .
game-hours: 1243.6
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 976.6
review: I Love it so much
game-hours: 2169.1
review: Awesome 9/10 game Needs some work on Game play
game-hours: 1925.9
review: good game, played dota for years and never get bored xD if the items and treasures price are decreased that would be very good
game-hours: 960.7
review: Best game ever. Thanks you Valve thanks you Ice Frog
game-hours: 442.7
review: This game absolutly make a have fun.
game-hours: 2755.0
review: compete then make friends :D
game-hours: 1052.4
review: :D lol
game-hours: 1234.7
review: Great game. :>
game-hours: 3616.8
review: forever dota...
game-hours: 1939.8
review: play and play
game-hours: 2067.3
review: fun but many bugs. game usually closes randomly
game-hours: 1591.7
review: n1
game-hours: 610.9
review: Very imba game!
game-hours: 153.0
review: the best!
game-hours: 1302.7
review: aa
game-hours: 1363.3
review: The Best Game Ever... Far more Better than League of Legends (Lesbians)
game-hours: 2591.0
review: ez game ez life
game-hours: 1417.0
review: really best game ever
game-hours: 55.6
review: Much better than league of legends!
game-hours: 2964.3
review: Very Interesting Game.
game-hours: 290.2
review: gg
game-hours: 1041.2
review: asdasdasdadasdsadasdadasdadasdadasadasdadasdasdasdasda
game-hours: 2940.9
review: 1 of the best action RPG games in the world
game-hours: 1700.3
review: nice game hahaha
game-hours: 1943.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 3452.7
review: greattttttttttttttt
game-hours: 286.3
review: Good game, Good for health
game-hours: 6351.9
review: Best game ever created. thanks valve
game-hours: 4324.0
review: The Best Game Ever! (GOTY 2012)
game-hours: 680.2
review: matches are cancer-inducing ragefests filled with foreign expletives from both sides. 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 239.4
review: ayos
game-hours: 2448.9
review: It's a good game and you do stuff and it's nice and you have a good time but people are sometimes mean and call you noob and stuff so you can't have a light heart it wil get squished
game-hours: 402.0
review: Nice game !
game-hours: 1168.0
review: very nice game. comfort with nice graphic. GGWP
game-hours: 2264.2
review: best part
game-hours: 191.7
review: Dota 2 does many things right. With Free-2-play attitude, a vast selection of over 100 playable heroes and a massive fanbase, it's easy to see why Dota 2 is one of the fastest growing communities in gaming. However, not all is fine and dandy. The game punishes the slightest mistake with characters becoming unkillable and downright overpowered. Take for example Bloodseeker, if he gets even one kill he can dominate a game. New players are funneled into playing these easy or overpowered heroes making the game unenjoyable for the other players. While *t does happen, the game is still an enjoyable experience provided that the super-strong characters (that definently need a nerf) are kept under wraps by repeatedly killing them or the aren't selected in the game you're playing. I would recommend it just don't expect it to a breeze.
game-hours: 1538.4
review: <3 <3 <3
game-hours: 1374.4
review: amazing game
game-hours: 364.6
review: cool cool cool
game-hours: 275.5
review: The learning curve is pretty steep. I'm pretty awful at this game, like lower than garbage. However, once you learn to ignore, the foul-mothed, often racist, and child-like flamers, good times are somewhat possible. I do actually enjoy this game though. Its probably stockholm syndrome or something now that I think about it.
game-hours: 3978.0
review: buenaso
game-hours: 1242.8
review: This game is absolutely awesome!!!
game-hours: 207.6
review: I have return.
game-hours: 401.2
review: Amazing game if you have the skills to pay the bills. No but for real, the game is great fun with friends,but not the greatest game for people unfamiliar with the MOBA genre.
game-hours: 943.8
review: this game is beautyful
game-hours: 2069.6
review: nice game for real men
game-hours: 680.2
review: Amazing :v
game-hours: 175.4
review: First and foremost, this is a "Team" game, if you come in expecting to be the "star" maybe you should rethink your expectations about this game. One thing to take in account is that everyone has a role, and sometimes the ones that you less expect can be the most important ones. As an example, a game can be decided by who has the most map control, and in general support roles are the ones in charge of this. Supports play a very important, yet silent part in this game. Remember, it's a "Team" effort, if one fails, all the team fails. This game is awfully comptetitive, I would suggest you watch videos, and do research on all heroes before even starting a match. Know when to fight, when to flee, what role your heroe can take. Much of this game is learning what to do and when, after that, is practice, don;t expect to win them all. TL;DR version: This is a "TEAM" game, learn your spot on the team and stick together, awfully competitive experience yet very rewarding.
game-hours: 2177.0
review: Would not recommend this to people who has anger issues. This broke 3 of my keyboards.
game-hours: 794.1
review: :')
game-hours: 2429.3
review: nice
game-hours: 1890.7
review: great game, any fan of moba style games will enjoy it
game-hours: 37.3
review: :D
game-hours: 1185.3
review: AWESOME!!
game-hours: 2383.0
review: Best game on steam.
game-hours: 1910.0
review: No reason to play any other game now. 10/10
game-hours: 17.0
review: i like this dota , its kind little bit hard , but its good for team-work!
game-hours: 154.7
review: Opposite of Loser Legends 2gud game
game-hours: 64.9
review: good game !!!
game-hours: 1047.5
review: The best MOBA game out there. LoL will never be as good as Dota 2. Only the EuEast and EuWest community isn't the best.
game-hours: 380.4
review: This game is AWESOME ....
game-hours: 0.4
review: bad
game-hours: 1675.2
review: Great game but needs a better way to enforce teamwork.
game-hours: 380.5
review: Over 300 Hours logged into this MOBA. Thats all the review you need
game-hours: 754.7
review: Alot of fun and strategy
game-hours: 321.6
review: (y)
game-hours: 740.9
review: good
game-hours: 2992.3
review: ...
game-hours: 0.9
review: games are way too long
game-hours: 695.5
review: Addicted. very nice game. can't wait for Arc Warden to launch
game-hours: 2948.2
review: HUINYA POLNAYA
game-hours: 472.6
review: its my favorite game ever!
game-hours: 71.8
review: dota 2 have good graphic and much feature like can speak with other ally using mic, and easy to buy item. but dota 2 just have little bit game mode not like dota 1 that we can set our own game mode like deathmatch with all random etc. overall dota 2 good enough.
game-hours: 63.3
review: Best Game Ever !
game-hours: 691.1
review: Excellent in all ways
game-hours: 1114.1
review: pizdec
game-hours: 472.9
review: ggwp
game-hours: 266.4
review: lol
game-hours: 1171.7
review: Great community game. Can be played on a relaxing situation with all ur friends hanging out on ur house.
game-hours: 889.3
review: up to dota2
game-hours: 2487.5
review: nnice
game-hours: 2992.1
review: A brilliant game of strategy! Strive for victory with four other allied heroes and down the opposition throne!
game-hours: 232.2
review: 5 stars ... Its free Fun competitive
game-hours: 2285.3
review: i just like to play no other
game-hours: 1033.2
review: very nice game
game-hours: 2415.7
review: Involves a lot of muscle-usage from the right index and middle finger for some reason. And a lot of "A" and "S" keyboard pressing. Sometimes the occasional QWER. Also, sometimes the game requires a fluent Brazilian and/or Russian interpreter to get a full grasp of the game via communication. Ocasionally, people's ovens still catch on fire, forcing them to quit the game mid-way.
game-hours: 1512.7
review: A faithfull adaptation of dota
game-hours: 2685.7
review: good game
game-hours: 284.0
review: I LOVE THIS GAME
game-hours: 1635.8
review: Awesome
game-hours: 1498.6
review: This is a good game, it is not dumbed down and it sticks to its core more then any other in the genre. The meta may change a bit every now and then and heroes rise and fall but it never feels too bad, play it.
game-hours: 2069.6
review: this game is very great and teach u many things like teamwork, emotion and try to help others need your help so I recommend this game to all people
game-hours: 1725.2
review: This game is Awsome...
game-hours: 458.1
review: Im so ADDICTED to this game ! :))
game-hours: 4857.6
review: ??
game-hours: 382.2
review: Its nice, a must try.
game-hours: 1503.0
review: BATAK!
game-hours: 2700.0
review: this game is awesome
game-hours: 397.1
review: I recommend this game !
game-hours: 3498.1
review: it a game for all
game-hours: 148.5
review: #Good Trader #Man #Addme #:)
game-hours: 2723.1
review: bezt game
game-hours: 3051.5
review: So damn addictive . It actually takes a lot of time to learn all the heroes and their gameplay , once you are done mastering a few heroes and start slaying your enimes , thats kinda the best feeling out there . Its a lot of fun to play the game along with a couple of buddies . Executing the wombo combos and walking all over your enemy , ah whats better to ask for , its got everything . The Ranked matchmaking is kinda dog  but you wil get used to it after gettin stompped a million times . Finally , i would like to say its one of the best games i have played so far and after playin the game for more than 2000 hrs , there is yet a lot more to learn . Thanks valve for making such an awesome game and spoiling gamers lives . :D peace .
game-hours: 227.3
review: Great fun when you get a well matched game, although that might be only 1 in 5 games due to the matchmaking system! Despite this DOTA2 is a hihly polished game and I would highly recommend it, and of course it's completely FREE! Thank you Valve! :-)
game-hours: 1664.1
review: Its a challenging game, 100% recommended
game-hours: 627.8
review: 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 1442.2
review: To anyone actually bothering to read the review section for the most played game on Steam I would like to say this is a wonderful game with tons of replay and the possiblity to be both the best and worst game you have ever played. Now while the game is fun and (despite what many say) mostly balanced, as in any hero can be beaten through some means that aren't throwing you're entire team at them it also houses some of the worst interactions between players in any game period. Constant hate from anyone who has the ability (or lack there of) to type is common for many games when you commit even the slightest mistake in a game with a notorious learning curve. This will not stop you from playing if you can survive the horrible learning process as when you finally win a game after getting a double rampage you will never be able to stop regardless of how many slurs and racist comments are throw your way when you miss one stun. Overall this is a wonderful game provided you have the self confidence to survive your first few weeks but, remeber learn from the horrible comments you hear don't repeat them some may acutally have some good advice... emphasis on some.
game-hours: 641.3
review: all my friends play this game. it has taken from me money, time and effort. in return i have lost my faith in humanity and i doubt everyone i meet and their ability to ward. my life is ruined and i have never been happier.
game-hours: 1104.8
review: Awesome!!!
game-hours: 3058.2
review: Playing this game is like Rihanna and Chris Brown. It's gonna beat you senseless but youre always gonna come back.
game-hours: 38.7
review: highly recommended (y)
game-hours: 727.3
review: yeah !!!!
game-hours: 1700.9
review: i love to p[lay games
game-hours: 1239.9
review: A fun but tactical team game. Please add more items from the workshop Valve! ;)
game-hours: 682.0
review: ''I spent all game ganking lanes, stacking camps, buying wards, buying tp's and gems for the team, secured runes, let carry take kills. The game was good. Then I accidently misclicked and right clicked a creep... Got 9 reports and got called a 'noob' 'idiot' ' blyt' 'you shouldn't be allowed in dota'' -The life of every support EU 10/10 Would get called a  again
game-hours: 179.5
review: Cool and awesome
game-hours: 1759.6
review: Masterpiece.
game-hours: 566.7
review: One of the dominant game as of the moment in the human history.
game-hours: 2403.7
review: Its nice to play all should play dota :D
game-hours: 1755.7
review: The only moba game that I've have played since dota 1
game-hours: 877.1
review: Valve   Add This   Please!   And Give   Me One!
game-hours: 24.4
review: I appreciate this game for its insightful political commentary.
game-hours: 619.8
review: Tes
game-hours: 508.9
review: awsed
game-hours: 1624.5
review: dota 2 has destroyed me as a person, has destroyes my social life, and has destroyed any chance of me ever getting laid 10/10 best game
game-hours: 48.6
review: i love this game :))
game-hours: 252.6
review: hi to all :D
game-hours: 1050.6
review: -
game-hours: 531.3
review: A very absorbing game. No wonder the developers put their mind,body and soul into it. it's a sentimental war. Best ever franchise!!
game-hours: 601.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 443.8
review: aaa
game-hours: 3645.6
review: Hey there! Want to experience russian society, but dont have money to go to russia :( ? Well now we got solution! And its completely free! All you have to do is press play game! Do not worry about selecting servers all of them are in Russia!
game-hours: 373.8
review: good
game-hours: 727.4
review: I like axaxaxa
game-hours: 446.7
review: awful game, full of russian garbage
game-hours: 4484.4
review: 100% LIFE STEAL. AND REALLY HARD TO PLAY. COPY OF LOL.
game-hours: 1581.7
review: a
game-hours: 1533.8
review: Uh best free to play game ever
game-hours: 4195.8
review: 10/10
game-hours: 1300.0
review: No Game No Life
game-hours: 0.5
review: cool
game-hours: 227.1
review: Good game!
game-hours: 631.4
review: good game to lose your social life.
game-hours: 1496.4
review: Super Game
game-hours: 955.1
review: amazingggggggg
game-hours: 2786.8
review: Simply the best! <3
game-hours: 750.8
review: This game is simply amazing. ^^ Strategy and HOTS are developed intensively in this game. I would recommend this game to everyone who likes to compete and plan strategies. Kudos to steam and valve for creating a game such as this.
game-hours: 907.7
review: awesome game!!!
game-hours: 2226.6
review: Defence of the Ancients(dota) is a strategy game, foot ball basketball and chess in 1 multiplayer online game. its a mind game not only for showing off sets and items.
game-hours: 608.2
review: best game
game-hours: 2269.1
review: this is worst abandon paneltys for dota 2 because of some my computer problem i was facing i got didconnected from game and other team dushbags resumed constantly by the time i got back in the game its was around 4 mins 30 secs and while i was in game it showed safe to leave on my name and i was charged 6 match low priority for that  its so ing annoying pls change that panelty
game-hours: 89.8
review: Dota 2 features the characters and factions from the original Defense of the Ancients title with new features.
game-hours: 1668.0
review: Perfect free-to-play game without imbalance item cash in it. Pure skill. Pure teamwork.
game-hours: 52.3
review: so *ng funny
game-hours: 1209.0
review: best game ever :D
game-hours: 763.7
review: Good Game.
game-hours: 1312.1
review: i like this game coz it makes me happy ever
game-hours: 175.4
review: Mostly everything is good except for the matchmaking system. It is quite broken. Valve need more effort to revamp matchmaking system to ensure everyone has a more decent and more enjoyable gaming experience in Dota 2. Overall rating is 8/10.
game-hours: 1474.5
review: Very good very good.
game-hours: 2071.5
review: the game
game-hours: 545.8
review: very good game. good tatical and strategy.
game-hours: 1759.2
review: Simply as that: great fun and relax (ok, sometimes not that relaxing)
game-hours: 0.6
review: 7
game-hours: 1154.0
review: best game ever
game-hours: 719.4
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 869.6
review: i really like this game :)
game-hours: 2704.9
review: its a life time WAR
game-hours: 185.5
review: This is name
game-hours: 1835.6
review: good
game-hours: 733.5
review: Recommend this game for fun
game-hours: 410.2
review: yah
game-hours: 595.9
review: Addicting. Funny. Interesting.
game-hours: 643.7
review: If you want to have play a game that makes you pump your fist and or punch a whole in your wall while you play dota 2 is for you. In this game that connets people from all over the world and teachs them to hate russains you will make some of the greatest friends ever.
game-hours: 829.0
review: ...
game-hours: 852.2
review: People with anger management should avoid this game!
game-hours: 781.9
review: This game is the just the perfect mix of repetetiveness mixed with excitement and unique gameplay, I LOVE IT
game-hours: 1188.6
review: The Russians make this game chalenging. Awesome.
game-hours: 319.8
review: this game is awesome
game-hours: 2555.5
review: Dota 2 is a great example on how to take a tired and true formula and update just enough of it to feel fresh while still retaining everything that made it fun,frustrating,choatic,absurd, and just insanely fun. I absoulutely recommend this game I havent stop playing since it's original iteration as a warcraft 3 frozen throne map mod to the juggernaut it has become. Without this game we would never have HoN, LoL, Infinite Crisis, and other Arts games that have come into existence. The game can be incredibly unforgiving, confusing and unbearingly difficult in the beggining, but patience and perserverance will pay off in huge dividends. Do yourself a favor and play because this is free to play Arts games done right!
game-hours: 1653.7
review: Amazing game.
game-hours: 1096.3
review: so exciting
game-hours: 28.0
review: this game is by far the best free to play game i have got its an amzing game of strategy and teamwork i love it thumbs up
game-hours: 2039.4
review: Nice game. Really like it
game-hours: 950.0
review: Dota 2 is hands down one of the greatest games of all time . It has a wonderful selection of heroes, the best map in any MOBA , and an incredible team that deilvers awesome updates and content on consistent basis. This games requires dedication and alot of hard work to become good at, but it is well worth it . This is the most rewarding game I have ever played , even more than most MMO's can offer right now !
game-hours: 9064.5
review: nice
game-hours: 2916.8
review: simply put : dota is life
game-hours: 2783.0
review: terobsesi
game-hours: 642.7
review: best game in the world
game-hours: 811.2
review: Osum...!!!
game-hours: 401.1
review: good game
game-hours: 829.0
review: NICE
game-hours: 675.5
review: This is a game that you will not get bored even you grew old
game-hours: 818.8
review: The best alternative to Rosetta Stone for learning Russian, Czech and other western bloc European languages. Intimidating in the beginning but you will quickly be calling everyone noobs and asking for everyone to report them for some random reason or another. Be prepared to beg for commendments to make you feel better at night, otherwise your flawless 1-27 run as Dark Seer will make you wish your parents never shacked up during that Greatful Dead concert.
game-hours: 1678.3
review: nice
game-hours: 3065.2
review: bring dota to a whole new level
game-hours: 2284.7
review: AThumbs Up To a great Online Game but there are highs and lows Highs: In Game Items which makes your heroes look cool Fun and addictive game Lows: Too many racists Unfriendly People Prevention System that takes out the fun from people Many Bugs But Overall A great GAME
game-hours: 688.1
review: One time I sold an item worth $40 in order to afford the Xcom expansion. Biggest mistake I've ever made.
game-hours: 977.4
review: nice
game-hours: 155.3
review: If you enjoy Adolf Hitler, and support the Nazi Party... Well with is the right moba for you.
game-hours: 617.6
review: Nice game Keep this up and make sure bugs will be fixed
game-hours: 1121.3
review: THIS IS SO AWESOME I CAN LVL UP AND GETTING ITEM WHILE CUSTOMIZING MY HERO VERY VERY COOL!
game-hours: 1707.6
review: dota 2 is awesome to play and i love it... tnx for making it more power valve..
game-hours: 1928.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 664.3
review: .
game-hours: 541.9
review: good
game-hours: 1018.1
review: The Bestest game ! :P
game-hours: 430.8
review: damn goooood
game-hours: 749.0
review: Nice game... :)
game-hours: 1138.0
review: nice
game-hours: 224.6
review: LIKES The Grafic's, effect of skills wow it's great. The system gives me a good way of comparing my skill level. DISLIKES In some games there are real noobs :D
game-hours: 2345.0
review: This is just EPIC !!!
game-hours: 1963.0
review: keep calm and love dota2!
game-hours: 1569.0
review: !!!
game-hours: 244.5
review: consle
game-hours: 1021.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 1168.7
review: I like playing Dota2 with other people from other nations. But I just dont like those who throws the game bc of you know, blah blah blah . But I still want and like to play Dota2 :D
game-hours: 576.3
review: Good game to play with friends and increase teamwork! :D
game-hours: 1923.8
review: This is the best multiplayer game that I have ever played.The developers of the game always keep in touch with the players and ask for feedback on the game and also make improvements based on that suggestions. I recommend to play this game.
game-hours: 1601.9
review: enjoyable!
game-hours: 1519.7
review: chuy ni nga duwa.. di mo magmahay
game-hours: 2358.3
review: Nice Dota 2
game-hours: 1068.0
review: best game ever
game-hours: 12.4
review: Dota 2 is a great game of strategy, personal skill and above all TEAMWORK.
game-hours: 43.2
review: has the same transition noise from day to night as the one in Warcraft 3 10/10.
game-hours: 1083.9
review: give back my 2 keys
game-hours: 2675.6
review: ....
game-hours: 2384.7
review: Melhor jogo do mundo! xD
game-hours: 1343.7
review: AWSOME GAME
game-hours: 312.9
review: Dota 2 is awesome! I like it, I very very like it! But can you add more heroes like in Dota 1? Beacause I like the Heroes of Dota 1 ^_^
game-hours: 1305.5
review: SO NICE
game-hours: 2524.8
review: I used to hate strategy games. Dota 2 was a hard game to get in to but I stuck with it and now it has clearly taken over my life. I love this game so much. The community isn't fantastic to start with - but as you gain more skill and you get put into games with people that are more experienced it becomes more enjoyable.
game-hours: 813.9
review: Hahahah Whewwwwwww
game-hours: 1912.4
review: It seems like just a few days back, we started playing this game but now when i look back, time had been chasing us for years. Kalimpong, our small cyber, that group, those moments and now when i try to remember at what point it all began i realise it had started a long time ago.
game-hours: 327.5
review: Absolutely incredible game. No other game will give you so much excitement, and at the same time cause you so much pain.
game-hours: 568.6
review: Awesome time killer. Can't stop playing. I'm havin' a giggle m8
game-hours: 56.0
review: error
game-hours: 1078.1
review: dis is a nice game, u sould try mates
game-hours: 699.9
review: this is a good game :)
game-hours: 1451.7
review: Fun game
game-hours: 2319.2
review: The best Game for me ever
game-hours: 475.1
review: very very very good game.
game-hours: 691.1
review: My first MOBA game... at first i was like mehh... And now i just love it ! It's awesome , the competition in this game is amazing.. The only thing bad it's those russians that sometimes will make u racist :(
game-hours: 318.4
review: your not ready
game-hours: 1111.7
review: Tons of fun
game-hours: 345.5
review: DA BEST
game-hours: 4.0
review: I quickly got bored of playing this, it was interesting to begin with but lost its appeal. You either like it or you don't, and sadly i did not like it
game-hours: 2275.8
review: Ruined my life since Dota 1 in 2010.
game-hours: 529.7
review: From 7 to 77!!!
game-hours: 2255.8
review: Best Game Ever.Just be wary of how this can eat up ALL OF YOUR TIME!!
game-hours: 1342.0
review: Best game ever in the world.
game-hours: 135.0
review: GO DOTO)
game-hours: 763.5
review: best of the best
game-hours: 249.4
review: 10/10
game-hours: 1316.2
review: ggwp
game-hours: 876.0
review: best game ever :3
game-hours: 355.5
review: good game :D
game-hours: 2057.1
review: Why the hell is this game so hard
game-hours: 1058.7
review: imba
game-hours: 1093.1
review: Amazing game. Got addicted to this one real fast. Give it a try, you will like it. :D
game-hours: 1292.6
review: Really good game!
game-hours: 2030.9
review: gg now
game-hours: 786.9
review: PLAY IT...!!!
game-hours: 1406.0
review: Welcome to the U.S.S.R. Comrade!
game-hours: 1131.7
review: Playing everyday
game-hours: 3148.0
review: Russians the cancer of the game.
game-hours: 970.6
review: Give me dragonclaw hook plz...
game-hours: 1900.3
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1355.7
review: Great game. Better than LoL. Addicting.
game-hours: 827.7
review: Why aren't you playing this game already? it's free and it's the best  I've ever played for free. heck, just ask me one and I'll get you one. tho' I think everyone has this game already :I Also you will learn cool languages like russia, in a bad way.
game-hours: 3490.9
review: Wanna learn some Spanish, Russian, English, or Portuguese words or even the entire language? Then this game is made for you.
game-hours: 651.4
review: GG
game-hours: 3101.7
review: follow u
game-hours: 3841.6
review: Best game EVER!
game-hours: 733.7
review: , !!!!)
game-hours: 553.7
review: Back in '05, this game always reminds my friends and I when choosing between dota vs. woman (good times). Good alternative for RTS gaming. exhibit-a:
game-hours: 2036.7
review: This ..game is so . . very amazing . .aside for . .that .. 3D graphics..!
game-hours: 0.2
review: Its Laggy And Gay So Screw It
game-hours: 1176.9
review: sdsd
game-hours: 1477.9
review: BEST GAME EVER. MUST PLAY!!!!
game-hours: 1307.6
review: Great
game-hours: 1111.7
review: I DO LOVE THIS GAME! :D Without this , my life would be boring anyways. THANKS!
game-hours: 194.9
review: niceeee gameeeeeeeeeee
game-hours: 423.2
review: there is a voice chat 10/10 :D
game-hours: 323.6
review: Dota 2 is probly one of the games of all time but if your don't have a team this game can really be frustrating because you might need have a comeback but with pubes everone will just fight with each other or people will speak a different language and you can not work together. if you can deal with these probles you will find a very compex moba and fun game. (don,t play meepo)
game-hours: 842.0
review: best game ever.....
game-hours: 7511.5
review: Best game ever but the hardest to get started at. Requires months to even be decent... Ive lost years to DotA...
game-hours: 1042.8
review: good game
game-hours: 0.5
review: j
game-hours: 1496.7
review: This is probably the best Action RTS (ARTS) game I've ever played ! Thanks Dota 2 for making my day :D
game-hours: 826.8
review: nice
game-hours: 1600.8
review: 1. You'll learn to play as a team 2. You'll learn how to not give up till the throne is down! 3. Encounter people with different language in 1 game 4. Sacrifice for others 5. Get used to be blamed by others 6. Discover that not all of DotA 2 players are kind, so deal with it :)
game-hours: 1600.5
review: Good game, the heroes don't cost in game currency to unlock, and there IS no in game currency. There are also over 100 heroes with unique abilities and skills, etc... 9.23578/10.
game-hours: 823.2
review: I like this game so much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 3416.2
review: dota the best
game-hours: 765.2
review: The best teamgame/strategy game.
game-hours: 713.6
review: good strategy game.
game-hours: 1508.4
review: I used to suffer from chronic low blood pressure, until I started playing Dota 2. Nowadays... well, let me just say that 'low blood pressure' is the least of my various concerns. An amazing game, and an amazing cure - all for the low, low price of $0, and possibly your sanity. Yes, that's right - you don't have to pay a single cent to play! So, what are you waiting for? Give this game a go, and change yourself today - both physiologically and psychologically.
game-hours: 2267.2
review: +good games for everyone :) must play!
game-hours: 684.4
review: I like this game very much because it is very challenging in anyone. I dont like when the game is super revile the foreigner in the pinoy player.
game-hours: 95.8
review: liked the gameplay and the animation. what i didn't like about is the rules on steam guard.
game-hours: 1151.9
review: Unique and addictive game.... (y)
game-hours: 262.2
review: dota is a piece of . every  that plays this ing piece of  game is a ed up nerd . the game is flawed as . and every  is a .  yourselves .  you to hell and  your parents for being
game-hours: 1427.5
review: good game
game-hours: 3083.3
review: cool
game-hours: 1707.8
review: good game everyone love it.
game-hours: 2189.5
review: Best MOBA game ever..!!
game-hours: 1140.6
review: Learn Russian in 2 simple steps: 1. Aquire DotA 2 2. Shout at Russians DotA 2 is the #1 Leading Russian Learning Software, learn Russian in only 4 DAYS! Great results from free software! You can learn many popular phrases such as "" and "Blyat" which are used in daily circumstances such as greetings, hope you enjoy your path to learning russian!
game-hours: 110.8
review: nice game.
game-hours: 1913.1
review: i love this game, so many new feature compared to LOL and other RPG games out there
game-hours: 4886.9
review: recommended game
game-hours: 1128.2
review: This is one of those games that will consume your life. No matter what you do once you start playing you will always see things that remind you of this game. It is a curse. You have been warned. 11/10
game-hours: 867.1
review: A game where teamwork is nonexistant and everyone is Russian. 10/Crimea
game-hours: 2094.6
review: It totally ruined my life.
game-hours: 892.6
review: very fun game
game-hours: 1795.4
review: Best MOBA ever.
game-hours: 1370.8
review: Best Game
game-hours: 615.5
review: Thanks Russians for good gameplay!
game-hours: 1500.7
review: Too much fun. Bat Rider the movie. Coming to a theater near you.
game-hours: 1778.4
review: Tough and unforgiving. Oceans of knowledge must be acquired to "master" this game. You need thick skin to survive the community but if you play with friends or find a good group of ppl its all worth it! I highly recommend this game (!) but it is not for the feint hearted.
game-hours: 2702.9
review: EBANOE GOVNO LOL LYTWE
game-hours: 1146.5
review: Kappa
game-hours: 7.8
review: this game sucks
game-hours: 3023.8
review: Keep calm and play Dota
game-hours: 7866.7
review: yo
game-hours: 290.3
review: Great game
game-hours: 839.5
review: ING AWESOME DAMN
game-hours: 1448.5
review: HARK, MINE NAME IS BROOKLYN KURTZ SEE MINE FACE, THY EYE AVERTZ LIFE CURSED OF FIRE, IN' HURTZ
game-hours: 2138.8
review: DotA is like a game of Chess, but better.
game-hours: 448.5
review: Check this out ! :D
game-hours: 1693.6
review: Best game ever on the world never being replaced. Furthermore, this next version has a lot of better features! I'm ready to spent my life playing this game!
game-hours: 1084.6
review: Best game ever <3 Gogogo Dota 2 bring it on.
game-hours: 373.7
review: Nice game for losing your social life.
game-hours: 1246.9
review: I have tried Rosetta Stone, I have tried RocketLanguages, I have even tried Tell Me More, but all have been proven to be naught but a midsummer nightmare. None of those programs have helped my progression like Dota 2. Dota 2 has proven time and time again to have by far the most powder in it's shot when it comes to russian language proficiency. With it's massive array of russian tutors, who have taught me many useful words such as '' and 'xaxaxaxaxax', I can not comprehend how anyone would find anything better. I have a face now. 10/10 would gg ez again.
game-hours: 499.6
review: Awesome game,will never stop playing!!!
game-hours: 502.5
review: best game ever !!
game-hours: 2911.3
review: This game just ruined my life. So far i spent 1000 hours playing this game. 10/10 Love it or leave it.
game-hours: 151.5
review: Awesome game ever! Teamwork is a must! if no teamwork, your team lose.
game-hours: 788.7
review: really2 nice game. i'm so having fun play this game
game-hours: 857.1
review: Good game. Helped me meet new people and make some friends.
game-hours: 918.2
review: most awesome game i play.. thanks for this game
game-hours: 750.1
review: FRESH MEAT
game-hours: 1793.5
review: Best ever!
game-hours: 544.9
review: nice
game-hours: 374.4
review: ss
game-hours: 673.7
review: Great game, really fun and i love it style of doing MOBAs, with 4 friends this game is a blast.
game-hours: 2381.5
review: The best MOBA game in the century!
game-hours: 551.2
review: Best E-sports ever. It literally never gets boring.
game-hours: 967.0
review: Like
game-hours: 41.9
review: sdasdasd asdasdasd
game-hours: 933.2
review: LOLOLOL
game-hours: 864.7
review: This game will kick your pansy .
game-hours: 16.3
review: good game
game-hours: 1145.1
review: I like friendly players especially those who helps out and play good. I hate trashtalkers and I always report every player who trashtalks.
game-hours: 1624.5
review: This game has fish boobs. 10/10.
game-hours: 15.1
review: awsome
game-hours: 1747.7
review: Please fix the community by eliminating the noobs :)
game-hours: 813.1
review: y i update no move,i cant update
game-hours: 385.1
review: hmm gud luck guys
game-hours: 2117.0
review: My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through." I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway.
game-hours: 2139.8
review: I LOVE THIS GAME !
game-hours: 2648.6
review: The game itself is something wonderful. I who have only started by playing Dota 2 and not any of the other forebears such as LoL, HoN or the original Dota, must say that i love this type of strategy game. The heroes are rather amazing to play with the vast variety and the dynamic gameplay is brilliant. Granted there are some problems with the amount of updates required that do screw up the gameplay at times, Dota 2 is by far one of the best games in my opinion.
game-hours: 1494.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 878.7
review: .   !
game-hours: 860.7
review: This MOBA game is really good to play with friends
game-hours: 44.5
review: 10/10 game
game-hours: 756.3
review: yes
game-hours: 358.4
review: I've played Dota for years now and it keeps getting nice. It is also Free To Play.
game-hours: 203.8
review: Dota 2 is my life
game-hours: 1643.4
review: Have nearly 1400 hours of game play time for Dota 2 and to be quite honest i'd tripple it if i could! Amazing game, one of the best of all time!
game-hours: 385.7
review: ahmp
game-hours: 135.9
review: dffff
game-hours: 1370.8
review: Haven't really played enough to make up my mind on it...
game-hours: 4.2
review: The community is .
game-hours: 2980.4
review: what are friends, family, school, sport or hobbies? all is doto now. good luck have fun report mid.
game-hours: 4443.3
review: nice
game-hours: 1431.7
review: hmmm
game-hours: 1785.6
review: Awesome ^_^
game-hours: 2971.5
review: best  game ever made in the planet called Earth
game-hours: 3228.0
review: Good game Good game :P
game-hours: 57.2
review: PLAY DOTA
game-hours: 3782.8
review: AWWWSOMMEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 277.6
review: :D
game-hours: 1673.6
review: ggwp
game-hours: 1668.1
review: Awesome game hard at first but amazingly fun once you get the hang of it.
game-hours: 30.6
review: Good
game-hours: 329.4
review: rereeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
game-hours: 1581.2
review: Winter is coming.. but DotA 2 is already here.
game-hours: 2366.8
review: perfect game ! xD
game-hours: 139.9
review: One of the best free games ever created.
game-hours: 1937.8
review: Regular content updates, game fixes and everyone plays it what is there not to love, when you play dota you marry dota, prepare to commit to a long term relationship 10/10
game-hours: 107.7
review: I feel myself stupid because I didn't downloaded this game earlier. I. CAN. PLAY. THIS. ALL. DAY without getting bored, really addicted. Hardly recommend.
game-hours: 737.2
review: This is a game you will spend many hours hating then loving then hating again.
game-hours: 1329.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 55.0
review: After playing many games I have concluded that this game can be very enjoyable as long as you know how to press the mute button.
game-hours: 1326.7
review: YOU KNOW WHAT?! DOTA WILL MAKE YOU ING QUIT EVERY GAME YOU PLAY. DOTA WILL RUIN YOUR  LIFE. IF YOU HAVE A LOVER OR EVEN AD A LIFE, DOTA WILL TAKE IT AWAY. DOTA WILL BE ALL YOU DO. ALL YOU LIVE. ITS A LIFE RUINER AND WILL ONLY GET REALLY... REALLLYYY ING MAD. 10/10 I Love It <3
game-hours: 649.6
review: this game is one of the most addictive strategy games, also one of my favorite
game-hours: 462.8
review: becouse of this game i have no freinds, am failing in school, my family hates me and i have no money. thank you dota
game-hours: 8759.1
review: best
game-hours: 1884.3
review: bisa mengisi waktu luang haha
game-hours: 685.5
review: i like it
game-hours: 0.7
review: NIce RPG game
game-hours: 1.6
review: great game
game-hours: 14.7
review: Pretty cool game, takes a bit of getting used to but once you get there its really enjoyable. Kind of like League Of Legends just more mystical and a much more epic jungle :O
game-hours: 2235.2
review: Best MOBA Ever
game-hours: 433.0
review: like it
game-hours: 260.7
review: cool
game-hours: 597.7
review: I get up in the morning, start dota, and it is already night. xD
game-hours: 1035.9
review: Best multiplayer game :D
game-hours: 42.4
review: i like this game
game-hours: 2257.2
review: GOOD
game-hours: 1342.5
review: If you aren't playing, i don't know what you are doing with your life!
game-hours: 1678.7
review: :)
game-hours: 93.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 862.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 385.3
review: Awesome game. :)
game-hours: 351.1
review: very good game <3
game-hours: 1260.4
review: Do i need to say more to Dota2? Dota2 has brough a new level on the competitive gaming, it has redefined esports and made the biggest prizepool ever in competitive gaming. Its a 10/10 from me
game-hours: 2374.7
review: Stratergy based game .. Good ..
game-hours: 312.5
review: great game bad sport players. i love everything about dota 2 except the people who boss you around and say suck a  every game. wouldnt reccomend because so many bad sports everywhere. the person said that because i coudnt protect ancient because creeps everywhere i did my best and what i get is suck a  how about you duck a .
game-hours: 1298.5
review: This game makes me MADDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
game-hours: 3284.1
review: good
game-hours: 1255.6
review: Exotic, beautiful, amazing, and wonderful. <3
game-hours: 1397.5
review: 123
game-hours: 1422.0
review: good game,nice and really playable
game-hours: 517.3
review: Good game :D
game-hours: 446.2
review: ..Rampage!! :D
game-hours: 3.4
review: Blah blah blah.,
game-hours: 1975.0
review: Nice
game-hours: 278.5
review: this is an amasing game anyone coming fron lol would love it also
game-hours: 173.7
review: Pretty darn good game and I would gladly suck Gaben's petite nipples.
game-hours: 869.5
review: It's ok
game-hours: 1184.2
review: Bam!
game-hours: 409.1
review: this is a great game :)
game-hours: 1792.7
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 1198.3
review: My Favorite Game . . . GGWP . . .
game-hours: 4880.9
review: FOREVER DOTA
game-hours: 1882.8
review: Brilliant... teamwork, strategy, leadership, agility, intelligence all come into play...
game-hours: 8360.9
review: Who haz it,he knows how this game is :D
game-hours: 3869.9
review: SUDDENLY NOT A HUGE AMOUNT OF A GOOD GUYS AND SOME RANDOMS AQUIRED DIS GAME AFTER INTERNATIONAL, THERE WERE NEAR 100 PEOPLE ONLINE AND EVERY GAME WAS RAPEST, WE PLAYED HARD WITH MIGHTY HONOR, DIS GAME IS AWESOME AND NO1 COULD ARGUE DAT. TY FROG FOR GIVING ME AND MY GUYS FREE DOTO KEYS TO PLAY WITH, U FINE!
game-hours: 953.0
review: Good
game-hours: 1068.8
review: I want to play dota 2 in my house help
game-hours: 495.4
review: this game is amazing! :)
game-hours: 748.3
review: ayok dota 2
game-hours: 2474.0
review: Its never the same game twice and you will never really be great at it. 10/10
game-hours: 3022.2
review: DOOOOOOTAAAAAAAAAAAAA
game-hours: 625.7
review: If u want free candy, play this game :)
game-hours: 721.6
review: Pretty fun and interesting if you play with the right people. Some people are trashtalkers and rude but overall you can just kill them haha totally recommend you guys playing.
game-hours: 2382.2
review: Play this game if you want to hate all your friends
game-hours: 2754.1
review: Excellente!
game-hours: 1362.0
review: Oh hell no, dat Eddie tho
game-hours: 1050.1
review: This game is amazing and I sunk hours and hours into it. You play on the same map everytime with the same possible items and 10 out of 100+ heros, but it is so different every single time.
game-hours: 2138.8
review: nc game
game-hours: 7666.3
review: RIVER CAMPEON
game-hours: 4266.5
review: Dota 2 kai ksero pswmi
game-hours: 2266.3
review: Such a strategic game filled with a lot of mysterious beauty from the four corners of the map, which indeed made it phenomenal and remarkable. You get to learn and experience a lot of things with friends and random strangers all over the continent you are situtuated, thus, enhancing your social development. The game requires a strategy to accomplish the goal and wise decision-makings for the welfare of your team which enhances your intellectual development and psychological development. The game could also possibly develop your emotional development as an axiom once said, "The more you get stronger, the more you get kinder." It only has one common goal and that is to destroy all defending towers of the opponents to possibly destroy their throne, but the beauty of it doesn't merely lie on accomplishing those, but also the clashes of your heroes in between small fights and the bond you had with the players that is. Its uniquely created and highly upgraded from its prerequisite, Defense of the Ancients (DotA) which made it a lot more catchy and addicting! From the doodads and props of the map, its terrains, its features, all of it is absolutely fascinating and intriguing! Makes you crave for more games every each other game. I just loved the game just as much as every DotA player do, so I made this review even though it's kinda nonsense just to test my knowledge of the game as well.
game-hours: 1172.9
review: Life.
game-hours: 233.5
review: A Racist game, i like it.
game-hours: 2900.8
review: :)
game-hours: 1014.0
review: Nice Game , Have Fun
game-hours: 4421.0
review: awesome game
game-hours: 12.8
review: It's an awesome multiplayer game, which requires pretty good practice and skills. Graphics are impressive too, and on top of that it's free. It has a vast set of heroes and abilities which are to be thought of before being used against a specific hero. The gameplay is fantastic, I must admit.
game-hours: 1796.2
review: Dota 2 will add inches to your e-peen. True story.
game-hours: 351.8
review: nice game,, thank you..
game-hours: 1980.6
review: great game!
game-hours: 2224.3
review: Good game. Testing out metacritic 2.0: steam edition.
game-hours: 3181.3
review: It's dota. 10/10
game-hours: 637.4
review: Perfect Game Love it <3
game-hours: 1806.6
review: awesome game weldone valve
game-hours: 1091.5
review: ruin my life 10/10 would play
game-hours: 1281.8
review: :)
game-hours: 1315.0
review: yeah
game-hours: 523.4
review: nice game.:) remylife
game-hours: 266.6
review: Doya 2 is an awesome strategy game. This is the one of the best games i have ever played.
game-hours: 2034.7
review: This game is totally awesome...Love this game so much
game-hours: 1034.8
review: I got immortal treasures
game-hours: 1724.2
review: Weee good game.xD
game-hours: 1001.9
review: ....
game-hours: 1384.4
review: Perfect MOBA game. better than LoL without a doubt
game-hours: 2208.7
review: as the first moba i played and introduced me into the genre i have found since then other mobas (lol and hon) to pale in comparison in the difficulty level this is the hardest moba out there but is still very rewarding once you have mastered certain aspects of the game and does what many other game designers should be doing punish gamers for making the wrong decision you lose gold if you die and the enemy team might snowball and guess what that is your fualt but if you can blast through this punishing gameplay you can start the do the punishing yourself although i will say the community can be very bad and that there are some broken characters (e.g. huskar,templar assassin,spirit breaker and many more) and the russains are everywhere and they will not speak english unless they want something (vavle/ice frog please give the russains more servers or have a language lock) and since this game is unwinnable without teamplay and communication you should be able to speak to your teammates.
game-hours: 1688.5
review: Awesome game :) Good graphics
game-hours: 1503.0
review: good!
game-hours: 925.9
review: its an amazing game
game-hours: 94.5
review: Wooo It's fun :D
game-hours: 648.5
review: !
game-hours: 14.3
review: kutyafasz
game-hours: 1542.2
review: I am trying to learn better in dota2 , dota2 is my life
game-hours: 739.8
review: Awesome
game-hours: 1508.3
review: yes!!!!!!!!! but no russians pls
game-hours: 218.8
review: test
game-hours: 1822.9
review: Not bad ! Keep it up
game-hours: 1115.3
review: the ONLY MOBA game to play!
game-hours: 1182.2
review: good game moba
game-hours: 987.3
review: strategy team game.. what a nice game..
game-hours: 355.4
review: Dota 2 is one of my favourite games to date. Why? Im not sure. Is it the compelling nature to work as a team, the thrill of a victory of the satisfaction of a great gank? Either way, if my play time is to go by anything (And its only around a modest 200 hours) Dota 2 is an engaging and addictive game for anyone that likes teamwork and a tactical MOBA. The graphics are quite decent, the sound and character design are solid and the gameplay mechanics fluid. Best of all, its 100% free /w the addition of microtransactions to bling out your hero! However, it can be rage inducing when things arent going your way, which can be quite common. This usually takes form of players disconnecting or generally being a little stupid (Ie, running into pinch zones). But never fear, sometimes its all about getting the most enjoyable experience out of a loss you can get (That moment the most stupid death becomes the funniest thing youve seen all day!). To some, it might not be a comical death, and that is expected when (younger) players arent quite sure on whats happening, but they will soon learn (Hopefully). In addition, dota 2 is a free Russian speaking class... Overall, Dota 2 is a solid MOBA with great mechanics, a wonderful player base and glorious moments! 9/10 Would bang
game-hours: 2050.6
review: BEST GAME FOREVER
game-hours: 643.1
review: This game is amazing, although this is a free game, I have supported it with $30 to the international tournament. 5/5
game-hours: 4211.2
review: Nice Games, too fckin nice
game-hours: 16.0
review: So you decide you have no money and you come down to the Free2Play games and you see the game "DOTA 2". My first thought is where's "DOTA 1", but thats just me. Second thought being "why are 500k or more always on this game all the time" . So it must be the best game on the store, right? Well kinda, see it's one of the best F2P games but has some minor bugs in it. Alot of people play this game as I mentioned, meaning the servers sometime have lag due to overload. Also when you log into Dota 2 the volume in the music will jolt and lag to the point you cut the music off. By the way, League of Legends is for you if you hate learning complex controls and have no skill (sry), and Dota 2 is a very complex game that professionals make lots on winning matches and have high high skill. Don't get me wrong LoL has competitions but not the $ prize compared to Dota. When I play Dota 2 I fail to get above 5 kills in a 45min-1hr match, yes I'm a noob :/. My friend he gets over 30 kills on average cause he is epic at this game something I lack xD. (epicness) I DO like the game though but I'm not head-over-heels for it 8/10 (lag problems)
game-hours: 310.1
review: good game
game-hours: 2722.3
review: Cheaper and better than russian rosetta stone. 10/10 would  again.
game-hours: 3382.1
review: Ruined my life/10
game-hours: 1064.5
review: +
game-hours: 636.1
review: This game has changed my life in ways only Zeus can understand.
game-hours: 692.6
review: If you want to play Dota 2 you shouldn't learn how to play the game. You should instead learn how to speak russian. This will make the game a lot easier since 80% of the players only speak russian. This said i highly recommend Dota 2, it is addictive and satisfying and will enduce rage and possibly cost you your life. One last thing, always start the game with solo mid or feed this wil enduce respect among the russians population
game-hours: 2226.1
review: ok
game-hours: 1874.5
review: awesome game ever
game-hours: 2335.7
review: asdasd dota2 :)
game-hours: 1303.5
review: Literally the worst game I have ever spent more then 10,000 hours playing.
game-hours: 628.7
review: While I don't play many games anymore, I always find mysef coming back to play this one! I love it! Super dynamic and very very difficult to master and play well!
game-hours: 436.6
review: best game for me
game-hours: 743.6
review: awesome
game-hours: 2033.5
review: cool game
game-hours: 935.2
review: The best game ever :D
game-hours: 2295.7
review: Mid or feed
game-hours: 6886.0
review: With the right attitude you can do anything!
game-hours: 889.2
review: nicee
game-hours: 345.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 3243.2
review: Game is full of mental losses, even when winning it causes depression, anguish, hatred towards team members and friends and general disarry of any sence of humanity. Yet it brings me back everytime, like a fly to . I guess i would give this game a 8/10. Minus 2 points because i am unable to read the keyboard through my tears.
game-hours: 814.7
review: yeah
game-hours: 2163.5
review: Awesomeness
game-hours: 1106.1
review: nice game very addictive
game-hours: 1549.0
review: its a best game i've ever played
game-hours: 571.8
review: Good game
game-hours: 336.1
review: relly good game
game-hours: 0.6
review: fckng nice game luv <3 it
game-hours: 1681.0
review: This is the best multiplayer game that I have ever played.The developers of the game always keep in touch with the players and ask for feedback on the game and also make improvements based on that suggestions. I recommend to play this game.
game-hours: 801.0
review: best game in the world
game-hours: 27.4
review: Awesome game great especially with friends. One note make sure you do all the tutorials before starting to play online, they are very helpful and will help you assimilate into the teamwork of the online gaming.
game-hours: 4027.0
review: very good game pls play
game-hours: 629.5
review: This game will slowly suck the joy and life out of you, corroding your body and spirit so absolutely that all that remains is a husk with a vocabulary limited to the words "noob" and "feeder". 10/10
game-hours: 555.0
review: Join game. Get wrecked. Cry self to sleep. And then try to do it again. I don't get it. This game definitely isn't bad, but oh god am I terrible.
game-hours: 763.4
review: it good
game-hours: 1639.4
review: a wonderful experience people are looking for..especially the Game freaks and the hungry :)
game-hours: 950.2
review: Never gets old, with more than 100 heroes you can choose. Think about the possiblities of the outcame game result
game-hours: 2265.4
review: DOTA 2 Rocckkzz \../
game-hours: 1153.8
review: 10/10 would bang but srsly its pretty gewd
game-hours: 1342.6
review: Awesome game for me..since dota 1 on warcraft III.
game-hours: 1430.0
review: nice
game-hours: 2296.1
review: Good game..
game-hours: 2541.0
review: Amazing
game-hours: 2245.1
review: Are you being tired of being good at any onlinegame you start playing? Are you feeling that after a few hours of playing you could join in a professional clan and take up against the world in that game? Are you looking for a challenge but you don't wanna play darksouls since its mostly singleplayer? Then dota 2 is just for you. Ask around your friends if they have a free key for this game. Every player gets over then dota 2- keys after playing for a certain time. Don't waste money on getting this if your friends inventories are flooded with free gamekeys with no additional value. If you're new to this moba genre, then get ready to open a can of whoop- I mean embarassment and shame. For the first 100 games you get to be a big noob who screws up your own teams strategies. At the start of the match you feel like your even with your teammates but in the endgame you're being blamed for failing your other teammates' possibilities to get better in this game a.k.a. rising up to the higher brackets matches. After them 100 matches you get to be just like the ones who blamed and reported you for playing bad. Soon you'll find yourself reporting every single gamer and writing long novels on the forums how "everyone in my teams sucks every time". The lesson, this game gives to you after all is, we are all the same. Bad gamers are only new to this game and good gamers have played every character over 20 times each. If you're interested in using good strategies and winning matches overpowered, you should be making a team with your friends and start playing together. Communication is the main key in dominating this game.
game-hours: 2782.7
review: Best game eva.
game-hours: 755.9
review: This game sucks. 10/10
game-hours: 2549.4
review: GOOD GAME EVER
game-hours: 996.3
review: 10/10 would rage again
game-hours: 2239.7
review: call me GG
game-hours: 562.0
review: Great game if you want to learn some russian swears. The gameplay isn't bad, too.
game-hours: 4585.9
review: the best game
game-hours: 643.1
review: Huskar and Ursa are an a ing heroes that only stay to disturb the other players game. But Dota 2 is a good game.
game-hours: 3754.7
review: best game , hope in the future release dota 3 :}
game-hours: 1292.9
review: Nice
game-hours: 3674.2
review: This game will be everything to you
game-hours: 1532.6
review: Will drain all of your money and teach you to curse at teammates in over 30 different languages. 10/10 would play.
game-hours: 2301.9
review: nice game :)
game-hours: 1338.4
review: Najbolja igra na steam-u :D
game-hours: 3567.5
review: Best game.
game-hours: 117.5
review: Addictive
game-hours: 749.7
review: Spend so much money on this game, This game changed my life completely!
game-hours: 1098.7
review: Learn how to speak russian before playing
game-hours: 774.3
review: How exactly do you play this game?
game-hours: 3271.4
review: good
game-hours: 56.7
review: This game is totally gay. I would recommend this game. 10/10
game-hours: 757.7
review: perfect game !! i love it
game-hours: 419.9
review: yeah good game for me
game-hours: 2193.8
review: Great skill derived game, lots of different scenarios and variety, horrible community, so find some friends and strap in.
game-hours: 390.1
review: I love this game. It is much easier to use than League of Legends, and it is so much better, because all of the Heroes are OP, so it all balancesa out in the end.
game-hours: 2065.7
review: Causes depression, rage, hostile personality disorder, anxiety problems, low self esteem, Tourette's syndrome, mood swings, bipolar disorder, breakdown of relationships, racism. Four thumbs up!
game-hours: 1526.9
review: The Best Game Ever!
game-hours: 1478.2
review: awsome game that u play to death!
game-hours: 2201.6
review: ggwp
game-hours: 321.7
review: very good game................................
game-hours: 724.8
review: HEHE
game-hours: 341.3
review: This game is the best MOBA GAME that anyone can pick all heroes.
game-hours: 342.3
review: The Best!!
game-hours: 1012.7
review: (y)
game-hours: 2189.6
review: nice
game-hours: 1843.7
review: I have never put more time into a game than this one. That being said, this is the best game i have ever played. A free game that completely takes over hours of my life every day.
game-hours: 3017.0
review: Best game on Steam.
game-hours: 1776.5
review: Sold my soul to Valve 10/10 would sell again
game-hours: 1433.0
review: You will start of fresh , not knowing what to do and then constantly being yelled at by someone for reason you do not why. Then you will slowy catching up to know more and more and the feeling of winning a game will become very fun and then very addicted. Then, after seeing so many others not knowing what you know...you will slowly change into a horrid creature.... the very soul-sucking creature that once slander you when you were just a young dota 2 player..... great game 5/5
game-hours: 1540.5
review: this game ruined my life 11/10
game-hours: 1506.5
review: It's alright I guess.
game-hours: 683.4
review: Do you like having a life? Not as much as you'll like playing this game, which is good because the two are mutually exclusive.
game-hours: 2168.0
review: Played a bit. HAD fun
game-hours: 1313.1
review: love this game.. but its getting lag if the server is populated...
game-hours: 2221.9
review: It's okay.
game-hours: 1208.3
review: its like a cat
game-hours: 2262.4
review: Well for starters, take a look at my total hours played. That should tell you how much I like this game. I honestly find the idea of a MOBA very appealing. Although there might be other games out there in the genre that (dare I say it) are better than DOTA 2, I still find DOTA 2 to be the one game I always go back too. The game mechanics are solid, the character balancing is always changing, adding new depths to the gameplay, and many of the players in DOTA are relatively laid back. Is DOTA 2 the best game in the world? Probably not. Is DOTA 2 the game I have spent 1000+ hours on and will probably spend another thousand on? Absolutely.
game-hours: 690.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 427.8
review: You dont play dota?You're a gay?
game-hours: 1848.2
review: This game will take your soul..you'll be friendless,lifeless,money-less and above all else loveless if you start playing this game..you'll be matched with toxic people of the community..trash talkers,ragers,people who won't turn off their f**king mics even when they have nothing to say..SEA dota?Pure toxic boys..SEA dota MMR?Pudge first pick..you're better off playing another game..for this game will grab you,chew you up and spit you back.. if you want to even dream of becoming one of the pros,good focken luck mate..it ain't easy survivin' this toxic game.. 10/10 keeps me wanting for more.. 1/10 no item drops since  patch came..
game-hours: 4413.3
review: VERY BALANCE AND ADDICTING GAME.. PALYED THIS SINCE DOTA 1 ALMOST 10 YEARS
game-hours: 566.7
review: Went through 5 keyboards, 20 viruses from trading and have lost money from the market and sleep from playing. 10/10 :^)
game-hours: 434.3
review: this game is so ing good.
game-hours: 1536.3
review: A game that challenge your mental, patience and teamwork. It can be addictive game and satisfying game.
game-hours: 130.6
review: Hook Simulator 10/10
game-hours: 1618.6
review: No words of explanation needed. Just play it and you'll know. Rating: 9.8/10
game-hours: 4568.3
review: Really love this game! Even though the map is the same all the time, with tons of heroes available, the possibility is endless! And it's FREE TO PLAY!
game-hours: 2233.9
review: Epic ... Just epic ! 10/10 ! :D
game-hours: 724.5
review: simply a great game !! Really addictive
game-hours: 1012.2
review: :)
game-hours: 1842.7
review: good game
game-hours: 1690.4
review: love my game :3
game-hours: 1570.5
review: NIce
game-hours: 272.1
review: volvo pls
game-hours: 2352.7
review: TRY DOTO EZ KATKA
game-hours: 424.1
review: Good !
game-hours: 1029.3
review: RTS GAME OF THE GENERATION A MUST PLAY STATEGIC GAME. :) VERY ADDICTIVE
game-hours: 1725.3
review: This the biggest and the best game I ever play
game-hours: 499.1
review: Noob or not its all up to you. Find a hero that suits your playing stlye. play well as a team and hit your enemies hard!
game-hours: 1162.9
review: ^^ well played
game-hours: 115.5
review: good
game-hours: 2350.6
review: a good mix of good graphics and a fun community
game-hours: 2572.1
review: this is great!
game-hours: 2222.4
review: oh yeah!
game-hours: 1298.1
review: Boost my day!!
game-hours: 309.8
review: Good game !!!!
game-hours: 193.4
review: i wish the drop rate was increase so that many player will play to my shop and i like to make a tournament in our place would you help us to established
game-hours: 1341.0
review: Good Game
game-hours: 2527.8
review: aaa
game-hours: 884.1
review: Taught me how to speak spanish and russian. very good game
game-hours: 736.2
review: qwertyuiop[]
game-hours: 2520.9
review: The best game :)
game-hours: 435.2
review: its good
game-hours: 862.3
review: !   !
game-hours: 747.9
review: +++
game-hours: 2416.3
review: 0/10
game-hours: 396.8
review: Really now who gives a  about other games when Dota 2 exists? There won't ever be a remotely as hardcore game as Dota 2. I don't understand why you people bother arguing or having discussions about any other game when there won't be a game as comparably good as Dota 2 for another 10-20 years. I'll put my credibility on the line here, and say that Dota 2 is the best game of all time. By "best game of all time", I refer to artistic and technical production, and gameplay design iteration (since Dota is arguably one of the most iterated upon computer game). From a technological rendering standpoint, it's visuals may not be king, but the art assets, overall art direction, and particle effects are the best that I have ever seen. The most excellently, tastefully produced art that I have ever seen in a game. The voice cast is the best I have ever heard, Dota 2 has Duke Nukem (Jon St. John), Cortana (Jen Taylor), Nathan Drake (Nolan North), the entire L4D cast, the entire Half-Life 2 cast, the entire Team Fortress 2 cast, and GlaDOS from Portal. Let's actually get down to the gameplay. No two games I have ever played have felt similar to the point of feeling rote. Each and every hero in Dota 2 is distinctly different from another, offering a uniquely encapsulated experience with well-defined goals for every single playable character in Dota. Because every hero feels so profoundly unique, every game that I play of Dota 2 feels fundamentally different in a way that League of Legends is not able to reproduce. I could go on, and on, but at this point I might as well just make a video essay. My only regret is that I never played Dota on Warcraft 3, because I wasn't really into gaming when I was younger. Now, I have some Dota 2 to play. Dota 2 is seriously a game I could play ad-inifnitum, and never get tired of. Why bother with any other game?
game-hours: 4062.9
review: Pretty Swaggy
game-hours: 989.1
review: Good Game
game-hours: 394.1
review: Highly addictive and awesome!
game-hours: 2994.6
review: The game is very popular and will become even more popular throughout years. I have played it since 2005, and still by this day I still enjoy playing it, it is very addicting (probably in a good way)
game-hours: 935.4
review: Official middle finger trainer, supported by team yka.
game-hours: 538.3
review: good
game-hours: 3653.5
review: although the pvp can be challenging at first, this game will hook u like no other.. gotta be one of the best games ive ever played
game-hours: 106.4
review: bo demais
game-hours: 646.4
review: #soloMidIO
game-hours: 800.4
review: i Like
game-hours: 1331.5
review: good game
game-hours: 1212.8
review: D O T A 2 I S M Y G A M E ! ! !
game-hours: 866.2
review: best game ever!
game-hours: 1682.9
review: nice game!
game-hours: 497.4
review: This game litterally ruined my life. I started playing dota awhile ago, thaught it was hard, but fun, so kept playing.... But now, Dota has taken everything away from me. Dota is my new life. I now don't get to go outside with my friends in the glorious sunlight. I no longer worry about grades at school. My dream is now to be Dendi. This game a has also brought out the dark side in me. Out of the over 800 hours i've been playing this game, at least 20% of me playing has been me screaming at my FREAKING TEAMATES BECAUSE ALL THEY DO IS FEED. This game has also made me extremely rasict to all non english speakers, especially: Peru, Brazil, every spanish speaking country, and Russia. Do I reccomend this game? HELL YEAH 100/10
game-hours: 3487.3
review: Pra mim  o melhor game de estrategia e Team work atualmente. Muitoooo  e viciante cuidado
game-hours: 1412.6
review: Feed more, scrubs
game-hours: 575.8
review: Melhor M.O.B.A atual!
game-hours: 1889.7
review: Best of MOBA Game
game-hours: 1234.4
review: good game
game-hours: 1245.5
review: THIS GAME IS SO AWESOME PLAY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW BETTER THAN LEAGUE OF LEGENDS
game-hours: 1237.9
review: Great game
game-hours: 1915.9
review: It was fun
game-hours: 193.9
review: Like League but good.
game-hours: 3080.9
review: woops!
game-hours: 1630.5
review: Recommended Game
game-hours: 1419.9
review: Gametime says it all. great game.
game-hours: 1726.6
review: epi game.,hahahaha commend
game-hours: 426.3
review: Best MOBA ive ever played! it has great graphics, great mechanisc, great everything!
game-hours: 452.9
review: if no delay,no lag,no spike is a good game ever
game-hours: 3034.7
review: dota2 is one of the best game that i ever played :)
game-hours: 1786.0
review: DOTA2 its quite amazing strategy game!
game-hours: 2238.2
review: Good game!
game-hours: 169.9
review: awesome game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1114.3
review: This game isnt like call of duty
game-hours: 410.1
review: HAHA
game-hours: 2193.7
review: Es un excelente juego de estratega
game-hours: 185.2
review: , ,  ?   ,       Navy Seals ,          -  ,      300   .      ,         .     ,      .      ,          ,     .  ,      ,      ?   ,  .              IP      ,        ,  .  ,           .    ,  .      ,    ,          ,      .         ,             ,         ,        ,    .       ,      "  "      ,  ,      .     ,   ,     ,   .        ,       .    , .
game-hours: 574.7
review: ood GAme
game-hours: 1886.3
review: 11/10. Would play again.
game-hours: 1.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 866.3
review: !
game-hours: 2647.9
review: this game seirously, the worst
game-hours: 306.8
review: wtf
game-hours: 1678.9
review: Downloaded, played, and learned fluent Filipinos and Chinese at the same time. 10/10
game-hours: 683.9
review: Have you always wanted to learn another language but could never stick with it? If yes then vavle has the perfect product for you! Learn spanish and russian in under a month for free!
game-hours: 7.6
review: Amazing game a hrad learning curve but its fun when you finally learn how to play!!
game-hours: 622.8
review: recommended to play!
game-hours: 1778.9
review: Good
game-hours: 2511.9
review: I HOPE YOU ENJOY HAVING TERRIBLE TEAMMATES
game-hours: 1982.0
review: ..wp
game-hours: 1635.1
review: Zousck Approved.
game-hours: 557.4
review: This game is pretty badass!
game-hours: 2518.4
review: nice
game-hours: 1175.3
review: this game is nice
game-hours: 439.1
review: LOL PLAYERS ARE GAY BEST MOBA = DOTA
game-hours: 1425.6
review: ammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmazing
game-hours: 3132.2
review: Its full of scrubs. .
game-hours: 1829.2
review: Game of the Year. All Years.
game-hours: 2603.3
review: Excelent Game with stunning grpahics and a highly in depth item and skill system 10/10 Keep 'em coming
game-hours: 721.4
review: free game, such complex, much competitive than the other moba games noob friendly lvl 999, right click left click, micro skillz wanna learn some russian and pinoy language ? this is the best place to go!
game-hours: 1397.4
review: Dopest game ever
game-hours: 1190.2
review: Best game ever. Period.
game-hours: 87.1
review: Good Game
game-hours: 2340.9
review: love it!
game-hours: 1636.0
review: good
game-hours: 546.6
review: :)
game-hours: 2404.7
review: nice
game-hours: 440.7
review: I really want to review the game Gone Home but I don't own Gone Home. I own this. I have nothing to say about this. Gone Home is an incredibly misleading game. I went to that chick's house expecting to have to battle some 90's ghosts or like a serial killer living in this weirdly partitioned house. Instead I had to fight the most dangerous threat of all. Lesbians. I was not prepared to have the nightmare situations of your own daughter transforming into a lesbian under your roof and you being powerless to stop it. Truly a horrifying situation. After my third straight hour of pure terror hand delivered to me by the LBGT community I finally had to accept that this could happen to me as well. I too could be turned into a Lesbian as easily as this girl was. Lesbian ghosts can haunt and posses your family at any time. Thank you Gone Home for that new constant terror to be aware of. Also Dota is alright or whatever sometimes. I like BroodMother
game-hours: 899.0
review: dota2
game-hours: 1617.0
review: gj
game-hours: 1662.9
review: Addictive, awesome, changes every game, just try not to blow all your money on cosmetics. Love it
game-hours: 1786.1
review: Muito bom e vc nem precisa gasta grana com esse game :D
game-hours: 1081.1
review: One of the best games there could be.
game-hours: 3458.7
review: Nice game
game-hours: 1717.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 130.7
review: this is all about
game-hours: 1148.3
review: Nice
game-hours: 3053.2
review: Just the best, better then lol !!!!
game-hours: 1107.0
review: Great Multiplayer Arena game with strategies going deeper and deeper the more you play. No penalty for not paying/not playing etc. only your own skills and decisions matter when determining the outcome of any single game (which usually last around 30-50 minutes).
game-hours: 2741.9
review: Great fast game, quick learning curve for many of the characters, and many differnt modes of play.
game-hours: 702.0
review: Rat Doto Is best Doto
game-hours: 2744.0
review: GG
game-hours: 555.5
review: It's a really good game... I'm playing from the very beginings with Warcaft3 map to, but it keeps getting better and better... and with friends is even better ... I reccomend it for everybody...
game-hours: 639.9
review: good
game-hours: 8.6
review: doporucuji
game-hours: 61.5
review: Apparently i should buy a mac.
game-hours: 3935.7
review: Good game.
game-hours: 53.9
review: Fun
game-hours: 1037.1
review: The best game ever, takes some time to get used to and it will be hard at first, but after you will love it for sure
game-hours: 4.9
review: Still not as good as LoL.
game-hours: 1316.5
review: Awesome Game!
game-hours: 2032.6
review: Absolutly ruined my life , i love it
game-hours: 55.5
review: Started a game, queue time took over 5 minutes without any sign of finding match. 10/10 Would waste my time again.
game-hours: 2634.2
review: Dota too good, can't stop the signal.
game-hours: 2676.8
review: dota 2
game-hours: 727.8
review: AWESOME game I recomend to all stratagy players
game-hours: 1756.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 576.2
review: This is why i'm awesome <3
game-hours: 7916.6
review: amazing game from Valve
game-hours: 954.1
review: game .
game-hours: 825.6
review: Great Game, lots of fun.
game-hours: 1901.2
review: great game for a team play
game-hours: 1303.2
review: I have played for about 120 hours and im still at the bottom of the learning curve. probably the best way to learn Russian, Brazilian, Thai, and Chinese. 69/10 Would always play again
game-hours: 73.9
review: 2 good!
game-hours: 205.2
review: 10/10 game started to ruin my life
game-hours: 3183.3
review: The BEST game ever played!!!
game-hours: 1021.6
review: It's a pretty fun game, you should try it.
game-hours: 556.6
review: This game is where good. I recommend this game to everyone.
game-hours: 2504.3
review: maek lelz
game-hours: 756.2
review: Meh, alright.
game-hours: 1113.6
review: Woo! Dota
game-hours: 14.5
review: Not League of Legends 10/10
game-hours: 1805.6
review: dota 2 is best game ever
game-hours: 2248.8
review: go go power rangers
game-hours: 2378.2
review: amazing lifetaking game, would recommend what so ever , just be aware of dem russians
game-hours: 941.2
review: Nice game. :)
game-hours: 33.6
review: best game!!!!!
game-hours: 2430.5
review: this a game that i have play religiously for over 1600 hours, a game that i have litterally spent years playing. i have a love hae relationship with doto. if you can manage to get to a less toxic mmr lvl and play with competent team oriented players then you will abosolutely lover everything about it. everything is a learning experience and no matter how much you think you have mastered the game, you havent. it is definately worth your time aslong as you are willing to dedicate the rest of your life to it. its something it is hard to play casually and its hard to stop after one match.
game-hours: 1352.0
review: Miner hamsters and 3 bears!? SIGN ME THE  UP 10/10 would
game-hours: 1479.7
review: Good
game-hours: 1044.8
review: Dota was most unique and most addictive game I've ever played since 2003. Dota2 is even better game with update grapics.. i highly recommend this game! :)
game-hours: 180.4
review: This is Cool !
game-hours: 26.3
review: greatest game
game-hours: 28.0
review: I love this game. kinda annoying when my team talking an alien language. XD
game-hours: 305.3
review: The Truth. Period.
game-hours: 1165.7
review: If you want a game that makes you want to get friends so you can playing with people you can communicate with, this is your game!
game-hours: 1535.8
review: ^^
game-hours: 606.4
review: Do good, win.
game-hours: 1671.4
review: the best moba
game-hours: 1371.3
review: ..
game-hours: 1268.9
review: GOOD GAME WELL PLAYED
game-hours: 706.1
review: At first, There is Warcraft 3: Frozen Throne released long time ago. The creator was Blizzard Entertainment, one day they got an idea to make simple-strategy-game-without-story-mode. They make a custom map called Defense of the Ancients, and then they rename it into DotA. The guy who created Dota is a legend, he was IceFrog, Blizzard Entertainment Video Game Designer and now he working for Valve and create Dota 2! And from there DOTA 2 WAS BORN! Dota 2 is a good MOBA game, the graphics was good and detailed, very different from Dota 1. They DO NOT copying it, some heroes Valve change the race, but the heroes is not different. BEST VALVE GAME!!! SECOND WAS TF2, AND THEN CS GO! I salute Valve for making this. Difference: Warlock: In Dota 1 he was an Orc, but now a human Storm Spirit: In Dota 1 he was a Panda, now a human or a spirit. And there are severals other heroes THE SPECIALITIES OF DOTA IS IT'S VERY FUN TO PLAY WITH YOUR FRIENDSS!!! And then heroes are fun to play with. I RECOMMEND THIS FOR THOSE WHO PLAY DOTA 1 or STRATEGY GAMESS! But, I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS FOR THOSE WHO LIKE FPS AND TPS-LIKE GAMESS! 8.9/10 GOOD GAME VALVE!      Y
game-hours: 544.6
review: This game is great no pay to play or gimmicks. Based purely on skill. Easily worth a full retail price but its free!! Teamwork and cooperation is vital.
game-hours: 443.2
review: Very good game ! enjoy
game-hours: 1202.4
review: (Y)
game-hours: 1468.2
review: This is a very interesting game if you are a competitive person. There are so many possibilities that can happen in a match. Once you get to play this game, you won't ever can stop it. You will want to play another match, try new tricks, beat new people, and many things. This is a very recommended game. U can play alone, or much fun play with your friends.
game-hours: 1205.6
review: a game where i can learn Philippine for free...thx
game-hours: 4189.1
review: Ill Recommend this to all pro gamers. Pls STOP playing all newbie you don't have future on this game mostly in SEA server
game-hours: 1795.6
review: awesome game ! i spent so much of my time in this game and im going broke ! LOVELY!!
game-hours: 671.8
review: 10/10 Great Game Hours of fun and rage
game-hours: 2062.5
review: this game really good teamwork
game-hours: 0.2
review: ...it's just League of Legends with PLaneswalkers...
game-hours: 497.9
review: Fun
game-hours: 1116.3
review: like
game-hours: 2000.5
review: Hard to get used to the basics, but if you persevere you will be rewarded with the best team game. You'll even think this is better than sex. Although the community could be annoying sometimes.
game-hours: 183.5
review: I can eat trees even when im not hungry 10/10
game-hours: 2272.5
review: Very nice game, it's good.... :D d wewe wewewe we e w ewewewew e we we we wewe
game-hours: 19.8
review: no pls halp
game-hours: 1177.4
review: after played this game i almost forgot to walk my dog to the park every afternoon, now my dog is sitting next to me barking everytime lycan summon his wolf.
game-hours: 2180.9
review: heyyyyyyyyyy
game-hours: 1484.6
review: hi
game-hours: 1733.3
review: You can be a massive vegetable Poitato and panic while using Rearm or you can fail your Rearm-Blink and even after all that you can still have the mind to turn to your team and find an excuse to blame them for something they didn't even do
game-hours: 47.2
review: nice :)
game-hours: 4.1
review: I hate it but, you know, GabeN.
game-hours: 865.2
review: Challanging, Competitive, Millions of players.... A very neat game for people who strive for competition in a very team-based game.
game-hours: 2862.0
review: ;)
game-hours: 511.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 3096.4
review: Exciting game, i like it
game-hours: 2450.1
review: no thing to lose
game-hours: 3944.5
review: Best game of my life.Addictive and 100% Lifesteal.
game-hours: 1547.3
review: i love this game soooo much
game-hours: 1586.7
review: nice
game-hours: 2735.5
review: If you want to see how far your patience could go, it's a definite must to play DotA2. 10/10
game-hours: 1542.5
review: Mhmmm
game-hours: 1037.0
review: worth to play
game-hours: 1728.8
review: BEST GAME EVER!
game-hours: 1800.1
review: The many reviews speak for themselves. Anyone who is into ARTS's should play this masterrace of a game.
game-hours: 1003.0
review: so cool
game-hours: 1879.6
review: Very nice game, must play for MMO fans and others as well.Superb collection of heroes and great graphics as well.
game-hours: 665.1
review: 228
game-hours: 714.5
review: awesome
game-hours: 2246.9
review: Best game
game-hours: 655.2
review: It's a really great game, and although one may suck at it like i do, it's always fun to play with your friends (and throw the game sometimes just to make them mad :D)
game-hours: 1147.6
review: better than LOL
game-hours: 1504.1
review: the only true moba game.
game-hours: 395.6
review: one of the best games ever.
game-hours: 1864.7
review: good game
game-hours: 3788.5
review: this is nice game .. i love dota 2 :*
game-hours: 1653.9
review: Great game if you want to ruin friendships and get really mad at Russians.
game-hours: 2365.8
review: DOTOOOOO
game-hours: 914.5
review: goof game awesome features
game-hours: 2407.1
review: Great game, free to play.... addictive and can be flooded with mixed gameplay as its 5v5 if you play pvp but there is also the option to play against Bots if you dont want to get into those hair ripping anger moments when you get matched with a terrible team! but i have also made some great friends through this game and for that alone makes it a 9/10 for me because thats what gaming is about not just winning.
game-hours: 382.5
review: free its the one of the best
game-hours: 450.5
review: When you start playing Dota 2, you soon begin to realize that it's a black hole. The money in your steam wallet will slowly dwindle away, and you'll suddenly have 20 of the same item in your inventory and a receipt for hundreds of chests. Not even light can escape the black hole of Dota 2. Dota 2 is love, Dota 2 is life. 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 2136.5
review: Best Game Ever!!!
game-hours: 982.4
review: Good Work
game-hours: 1156.9
review: It's a nice game. I like it. :D
game-hours: 2714.2
review: One of the best games in existance, but also one of the hardest. It isn't all about reaction timing or how many kills you get, but whether you can use your mind to outplay your opponent and kill the throne. If you persevere, you will get through the raging moments and be rewarded with a sense of accomplishment. But, there is always more to learn. The ability to work as a team is needed (obviously), but people underestimate what a team that supports eachother can really do. If you are up for the challenge then I strongly recommend this game. It isn't too much micro, depending on your hero, which there are 107 different ones to choose from.
game-hours: 498.4
review: NIce game, i think
game-hours: 666.6
review: Dota 2 does not need review, it is epic if you are a moba fan :)
game-hours: 701.5
review: if you play this kind of game you cannot standup from your chair. its a very nice game to play.
game-hours: 1887.4
review: keeps getting better
game-hours: 2293.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 1115.5
review: a
game-hours: 3.2
review: THIS GAME GOOD FOR US !!!
game-hours: 800.5
review: fgdfghdfhdfgh
game-hours: 1448.0
review: good
game-hours: 514.2
review: Looking at the origins of this game and the fact that it's free, this is one of the most awesome games there is! Words are not enough to describe the true value of such a piece of art. Only bad side is what at least used to be in Left 4 Dead community as well: our Eastern neighbours. If they can't talk English, then their preferred language shouldn't be English! Am i right? Ooh, the echoes of agreement... They fill the air. Whatever the case, 5/5 purily, cause salami is strong in this one!
game-hours: 313.0
review: Awesome
game-hours: 700.1
review: ASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXC
game-hours: 938.1
review: Dota 2 is a sick game and everyone should play it, its easy to learn and so fun to play.
game-hours: 1055.1
review: It is a really competitive game and a really fun game as well if you were to play with your friends. I would recommand playing this game.
game-hours: 3721.0
review: dota is my favorite games ever, this dota 2 game is make me so addicted :) thanks steam
game-hours: 583.0
review: yes
game-hours: 375.9
review: best game ever
game-hours: 2050.4
review: free plus you can get money out of it :)
game-hours: 760.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 2368.3
review: play it and fun with it
game-hours: 760.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 2368.3
review: play it and fun with it
game-hours: 1690.2
review: song a
game-hours: 1433.5
review: 11/11
game-hours: 25.1
review: ACHEI MTO SHOW DE BOLA + EU TENHO 01 DUVIDA COMOESTALA
game-hours: 29.5
review: It's better than League of Legends
game-hours: 3611.8
review: Vry Nyc Game.. :P
game-hours: 525.1
review: basically 2 a sides fightin all a gurl we're fightan for n so couriers are in chillaxing and the heros are like superman not here SURPRISE  IMA  YO COUCH and then u use spells and  i dont even in know the plot rlly just ing QWER that  and go to the pinged spot no a you think itd be a gurl game considering all you in do is go shopping n' sass each other but nooOOooo
game-hours: 16.0
review: best!!
game-hours: 2592.0
review: Causes psychological and emotional disturbance , excessive verbal violence , self over-estimation , ignorance and most of all ethnical-oriented assaults. DEFINETELY A MUST HAVE!!!!
game-hours: 1586.1
review: Dota 2 has taught me the difference between being a man and being a filthy savage who can't speak english or have a decent ping. Life lesson learned. Would recommend.
game-hours: 1.5
review: Game is so hardcore, it crashes to the desktop when I try to play the first tutorial.
game-hours: 2593.4
review: !
game-hours: 957.4
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 2651.5
review: Best META game ever made up to this day!
game-hours: 2581.0
review: 1500 hours in and my friends still suck
game-hours: 1389.0
review: Stop before it's too late...
game-hours: 86.5
review: It wont start :(
game-hours: 513.5
review: Great game, can play it all day everyday
game-hours: 1753.3
review: 1
game-hours: 0.3
review: This game is some hot .
game-hours: 350.7
review: I don't know how to play.
game-hours: 4691.6
review: Try hard everywhere =)
game-hours: 1656.4
review: I am an old dota player i was playing dota since w3 but all these new hero modifications and noob players and matchmaking system is so bad i just can't describe my feelings about this game. One of the biggest mistake of my life is the time i spent playing this game I made a mistake, make sure you don't
game-hours: 1429.9
review: afaaaaaaaaaa
game-hours: 1020.3
review: Why are you wasting your time reading the reviews!? Start playing the game!!!
game-hours: 2070.6
review: idi nahui davai blyat kongor
game-hours: 1.3
review: i like dis
game-hours: 1403.7
review: This IS Doto !!
game-hours: 260.7
review: very good games bros
game-hours: 3388.2
review: nicee
game-hours: 973.8
review: I tried rosetta stone, duolingo and school courses but nothing has helped learn foreign faster than dota 2. learn russian, portuguese, and spanish with easy for the low low price of free.
game-hours: 1997.0
review: yaa this game very impressive
game-hours: 889.2
review: cool game
game-hours: 71.7
review: Yo yo yo, what is up as. This DOTA 2  rocks, highly rec. Don't get too mad when you play like  though.
game-hours: 1.0
review: Best game ever. Free and one of the top prize pools in the e-gaming world.
game-hours: 2308.6
review: Es de la csm
game-hours: 1254.7
review: this game is very intersting only if you understand it...
game-hours: 1937.4
review: awesome game
game-hours: 2847.0
review: Best game to play with the bros.
game-hours: 194.1
review: If you liked DotA 1, this is pretty  good.
game-hours: 3139.2
review: Amazing game. Dunno what I would do without Dota 2 in my free time.
game-hours: 2801.2
review: THIS GAME IS GOOD MMOBA
game-hours: 22.3
review: I am an avid league of legends player that has switched to dota, and I have to say I couldn't be happier. I like the client tons better, the items that you can find, prices are reasonable (instead of the $25 skins). I would definately recommend this game.
game-hours: 939.3
review: Dota2 is literally the best!
game-hours: 1525.0
review: <3
game-hours: 1698.8
review: Very Addictive. :3 I'm not sure whether to recommend or not :3 Try out at your own risk :3
game-hours: 1559.0
review: Nice game
game-hours: 1840.5
review: "The more I play this game the more I can't tell if it is a mess or brilliant." "It's both."
game-hours: 2710.0
review: EVERYTHING IS AWESOME!
game-hours: 932.3
review: Awesome game :3
game-hours: 5556.1
review: DON'T , JUST DON'T
game-hours: 191.2
review: I learnt the pinoy language and could effectively converse with them after just 12 matches in the SEA servers. 10/10.
game-hours: 98.0
review: .
game-hours: 739.6
review: Nothing
game-hours: 3191.0
review: Nice
game-hours: 2682.4
review: Nice game
game-hours: 1186.8
review: Drink vodka,win Dotka.
game-hours: 2798.0
review: Best FPS in Mother Russia.. TY Valve & Ice Frog.... Would buy again.
game-hours: 1324.2
review: its very good game aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
game-hours: 8716.2
review: I played this game only couple of times, looks pretty good.
game-hours: 1319.7
review: Learned to speak\write in russian. 10\10
game-hours: 4.5
review: ASDSfzghgjjk
game-hours: 29.4
review: omg i deserve challenjour thse bronze holdin me back elo hell ap lee song mechanics, gg
game-hours: 2226.7
review: simply amazing
game-hours: 1696.6
review: really nice game i love it so much!!!!!!
game-hours: 82.3
review: Human Revolution is a bit slow to start but gets really good after a few hours of play I'm a big fan of the futuristic theme, and the music is really good.
game-hours: 1007.9
review: AWESOMEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 827.8
review: This is a nice game that's action packed. Very fun and their is strategy involved. Alot of characters to choose from and learn each with their own individual powers.
game-hours: 2603.4
review: Much More Possibilities to Explore
game-hours: 418.2
review: Dota 2 is a great MOBA game, and certainly did not fail to impress me with its traditional game style, and bounty of Heroes (playable characters) to choose from! Absolutely 100% recommend!
game-hours: 1672.9
review: Epic time eater :D
game-hours: 978.2
review: INSANELY GOOD!!! For the people that doesnt have this game you SHOULD have it. It takes skills to play this game for the ones that like a challenge i recommend this game so much. I love it so much. PLAY IT NOW!!!!!!!!!! 1000/1
game-hours: 1596.8
review: Just another  moba to be honest, games so boring and dull i spent over half my hours afk or alt tabbed or when the computer is on. I wouldnt bother with it.
game-hours: 896.2
review: BEST GAME EVER CREATED IN THE WORLD :D
game-hours: 800.4
review: the best game i ever play, meet other player from worldwide, different team, different skills. Very good !
game-hours: 2018.6
review: Simply awesome game ! :D
game-hours: 3.0
review: dota is so free it's funny (RUSSIAN PEOPLE EVERYWHERE)
game-hours: 1094.1
review: It'll ruin your day. 10/10
game-hours: 641.3
review: Gameplay: 10/10 Community: 1/10 Strong mental is required otherwise you're broken
game-hours: 1965.6
review: Wow
game-hours: 322.5
review: While it can take awhile to get the hang of this game, as it has a steep learning curve, it is extremely rewarding when it starts to click. It's a challenging game that is fun to play with friends. It's not always going to be sunshine and roses, but it will keep you playing due to the variety of heroes and people that you will meet. Also, what impresses me the most about this game is how balanced it is. There is absolutely no way for someone to purchase an item with real money that will gain them an advantage in the game. All of the items you can buy are purely cosmetic. And the heroes are all quite balanced, and can all be countered. Highly recommend this fun game! Don't be discouraged if it doesn't click right away, it'll get better. :)
game-hours: 2600.6
review: Fantastic. For the times where life isn't sad enough already, and you feel a brief sliver of positivity or joy enter your mind...there will always be dota to fix that. Must play.
game-hours: 1168.5
review: this is gooooooooooooooooooood tha gemas
game-hours: 1529.9
review: A MUST TRY GAME FOR ALL.
game-hours: 766.5
review: Epicness Unlimited
game-hours: 2687.3
review: 10/10 better than Rosetta Stone
game-hours: 1159.9
review: Ruined My Life, 10/10 would recommend!
game-hours: 750.9
review: Just have patience for the brutal learning curve. Once you get past that, it's very rewarding and fun! Just find people to play with who are your skill level, dont ALWAYS play solo queue. You need to win sometimes!
game-hours: 991.8
review: I don't always play pubs but when I do, I prefer a five man. Please play with your friends responibly. Stay salty my friends.
game-hours: 1067.9
review: This game :DDDDDDDDDDD made my day <3
game-hours: 2982.1
review: .
game-hours: 111.8
review: good and the best
game-hours: 3478.7
review: It will consume your life entirely, setting you back at least one year, condition you to feel anger towards other cultures when you hear someone speaking a different language, and, cause you to spend a lot of money on making your heroes fancier. It won't let you have a relaxing game when you have down time, let you enjoy any other game ever again, nor let you feel good about yourself. You'll have dreams of going pro, you'll claim mmr doesn't matter, and then you'll realize you're a terrible 3k scrub. But you'll be okay with that, go mid and feed. 10/10, would fall into addiction and be consumed again.
game-hours: 569.8
review: Although the new meta and 6.83 patches seem to be catching up as features from Heroes of Newerth, DotA2, is still the MOBA king.
game-hours: 786.4
review: Totally Awesome game.
game-hours: 98.1
review: Aweseom Game!
game-hours: 1426.6
review: THIS GAME IS AWESOME !!!!!!!
game-hours: 2.6
review: Just play League of Legions instead...
game-hours: 152.4
review: Great gameplay!
game-hours: 1453.6
review: nice
game-hours: 1231.2
review: best game ever!!
game-hours: 9.0
review: Asked my friends to play with me. They were to busy. Cried. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 1314.9
review: brilliant
game-hours: 2619.0
review: This game destroyed a piece of my life . But still i love it <3
game-hours: 433.5
review: Dota is a game which helps to improve ur hand-eye coordination n ur concentration. I like very much dota then any oyher games!!!!!
game-hours: 458.2
review: Play this game \m/
game-hours: 1557.8
review: +++
game-hours: 969.7
review: nice game . . .
game-hours: 852.8
review: -  ...)
game-hours: 1956.7
review: mokkkk besnyeeee
game-hours: 183.3
review: very good, ive been playing since 2011
game-hours: 1153.1
review: lots of fun
game-hours: 671.5
review: Incredibly addicting. The gameplay itself is fun and engaging. It is played with a team of 5 characters with unique sets of skills and abilities versus another group. It is definitely a team effort to win the game. A single match would take about 40 to 60 minutes. Customization of some aspects of the game adds another spice to the in-game play. Characters costume sets, items, screensvers and skins and other DLC's which can be bought or traded at the Steam Market would keep the avid player own the characters. Over all the game is exciting and fun. I give it 10 out of 10.
game-hours: 1255.6
review: <3
game-hours: 0.2
review: best gamne
game-hours: 1579.4
review: This game is kinda 8/8 but I don't know much I'm only 6k... So here is a ham sandwich recipe; Spread homemade mayonnaise on a thick slice of crusty white or rye bread. Top with Bibb lettuce, sliced tomato, thick slices of leftover ham, a few dill pickle slices and sliced cheddar cheese. Spread whole-grain mustard on another slice of bread, then close the sandwich.
game-hours: 1131.4
review: blyat nahui phuy
game-hours: 1508.1
review: It's pain in the . But its good.
game-hours: 1896.6
review: good game the best i known and the longest i played ^_^
game-hours: 2092.9
review: ubugadaduda
game-hours: 980.5
review: Played this game so much it started ruining my life. I had to pry my video card out of my computer and smash it with a hammer so I would stop playing it. Do not play this game if you value your personal life.
game-hours: 457.7
review: Good game for good people
game-hours: 1421.1
review: Very good game a few bad things, terrible teams sometimes and so many updates, but best game ever
game-hours: 1966.5
review: A good way to waste half of your life.
game-hours: 1133.9
review: Good
game-hours: 576.3
review: Dota 2 is a great game, at least for the FIRST COUPLE HOURS (yes in caps). The most terrible thing in this game is the community. They swear at you for no reason or for just some small mistakes that will not have a big effect on the entire match (i.e not denying a creep when playing a support. And that was only one creep). Or sometimes you get cussed by a person because of the person's own mistake (i.e A lvl 2 Faceless void rush to the enemy tower to chase an enemy hero with 40 HP left, and then the void dies while the chased doesn't. The void curse at Rubick, his/her laning partner for not giving a heal) it's like messed up. Or sometimes you can also find people being racist. I personally stop playing public matches for like 4 month and I only play againts bots (because they don't curse at you). In a month period (perhaps), maybe i'll just stop playing Dota. Unless some miracle or something unexpected happen. And the chance for those event to happen is like 0.01% I definitely don't recommend this game (I myself actually regret dowloading this)
game-hours: 147.1
review: It's Dota...come on, it's good.
game-hours: 1671.9
review: valve I don't want noobs in team
game-hours: 131.8
review: good game
game-hours: 3495.0
review: really nice
game-hours: 202.2
review: 7/10 Dota 2. A bit over-rated, and extremely over-hyped during it's release. If you've never had the privilege of getting sucked into a MOBA game for an over-extended period of time. Take your chances with this free-to-play, Valve-owned, cash-cow giant. And if I may recommend the best MOBA...it's Heroes of Newerth.
game-hours: 1677.2
review: !
game-hours: 6.4
review: Brilliant Game To Play With Friends ONLY IF YOU KNOW WHAT YOU ARE DOING
game-hours: 996.6
review: This is a good strategy game and it has many set costumes. Different than dota 1.
game-hours: 1169.0
review: one of the best free games out there
game-hours: 1.3
review: Besst game ever!.. not really but its free woohoo steam achievment for posting a review
game-hours: 2186.4
review: Excellent game. A real free to play where no one has any advantages over another. The learning curve is steep as there are many heroes to choose from and knowledge of them is essential to perform well, but the in-game tutorial and matchmaking allows for a gradual progression based on your performance. The online resources are amazing: guides for build and strategy, stream of pro player almost every day on various website (joindota, twitch, etc.) and looking at them play helps improve your own gameplay. It's an intricate game full of detaisl which you discover game after game. It might be easier to learn the game with friends!
game-hours: 1147.2
review: So Good
game-hours: 1739.5
review: This game is addicting :/
game-hours: 439.3
review: Very nice f2p game. I never thought I'd like a game like this but after trying it I love it!!! One advice: If your team isn't good don't get mad (you'll understand one day). 8/10
game-hours: 1248.8
review: its ok
game-hours: 2006.3
review: Dota is a competitive game of action and strategy, played both professionally and passionate fans like me. Players pick from a pool of over a hundred heroes, forming two teams of five players.
game-hours: 1432.5
review: get it noa, i dun care if you dun want to, just get it
game-hours: 84.5
review: yes
game-hours: 511.6
review: Good game if you're into the MOBA type 'o games. Good fun if you have nothing to do for an extended period of time!
game-hours: 1873.0
review: This game. This game is evil. Not like a normal 'Going to murder you family evil', but an evil along the lines of, 'Your entire library is now pointless because everything else seems less entertaining that Dota 2.' Avoid at all costs if you wish to enjoy the entirety of your steam library.
game-hours: 17.1
review: You already play this anyway, YOU DO DON'T YOU!
game-hours: 1451.5
review: 8/10 Does have it's problems like having people from other countries every other game! I would say good game but i still like Dota 1 patch a lot better than this one. Play it have fun GG
game-hours: 3281.8
review: This game is the reason why we can't have nice things
game-hours: 93.7
review: Very fantastic game ever !
game-hours: 861.1
review: Best online game ever. Very secure. Very good system against leavers and game ruiners.
game-hours: 781.2
review: is very very good game
game-hours: 337.7
review: awww yeah baby bling bling biggity boop boop boom!
game-hours: 2179.6
review: Very Recommended Strategy game (y)
game-hours: 3598.2
review: good game, especially if you have friend to play together
game-hours: 584.5
review: a very iteresting and nice game
game-hours: 1930.2
review: Nice game :) i love it :D
game-hours: 1883.1
review: BLACKHOLE
game-hours: 825.4
review: Taking over my life
game-hours: 1632.9
review: I've put over 1000 hours into this game and I still don't know what it's about.
game-hours: 2016.6
review: Best game. pula mea!
game-hours: 515.2
review: A MUST-PLAY for RTS (MOBA) fans.
game-hours: 11.2
review: Addicted to this game now :)
game-hours: 313.0
review: You will get many emotional and breaking experience and you will see a lot of harsh comment, but the game is fun
game-hours: 39.5
review: Valve   Add This   Please!  And Give Us Fast! '
game-hours: 1222.4
review: The BEST strategy game I had ever played in my life!!!
game-hours: 1334.1
review: Highly addictive, not recommended for people who has a life ;)
game-hours: 635.8
review: this game is so good
game-hours: 2206.4
review: Combo Ogre Pugna
game-hours: 523.5
review: Jesus likes it
game-hours: 1731.3
review: MOBA.     ,      ""          ,     .       ,     .
game-hours: 1927.0
review: ..
game-hours: 276.3
review: thumbs up! :)
game-hours: 991.7
review: Good Game
game-hours: 101.0
review: Action RTS with many heros and items, beautiful graphics(requires high spec computers), is available for free... now I just recommend playing this flourishing!
game-hours: 1543.0
review: best game ever :D
game-hours: 1008.5
review: Epic game
game-hours: 1047.5
review: Oh, i like this, i play 3-10 games everyday
game-hours: 4.2
review: Pretty cool game! :) 9/10
game-hours: 1183.5
review: This is very good game.
game-hours: 2095.0
review: That I should've bought you bracers And held your hand (of midas) Should've gave you all my last hits When I had the chance Take you to every teamfight 'Cause all you wanted to do was gank Now my baby roshan's dying But she's dying with aegis cheese
game-hours: 0.1
review: Wow! Much Racism! Such Russian! 10/10 would buy again!
game-hours: 1760.9
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 3263.4
review: Best Game
game-hours: 1528.2
review: Good game, just need more professional players :)
game-hours: 69.0
review: Elitism and Brazilians; An Interactive Adventure
game-hours: 1494.0
review: Most entertaining, competitive MOBA there is. Valve has gone above and beyond anyone's expections of what Dota could ever be. Thanks Gaben
game-hours: 1307.3
review: NICE GAME
game-hours: 1139.0
review: Need knowledge and skills in this game. And a lot of experience. But you get really good time in game and outside. There is also dark commercial side, but world live on this. Big plus for 1x1 games.
game-hours: 1556.0
review: like the game
game-hours: 155.5
review: nice game xD
game-hours: 1435.2
review: i love this game,the only reason i hate it is because all the noob Pinoys -,-
game-hours: 2380.1
review: Approaching 2100 hours played...wow. While I do completely agree with the reviews that talk about how bad the community is, I have to say my experience of Dota on the whole has been very enjoyable. The mute option is great, I insta-mute anyone talking crap. Admittedly Dota has an incredibly high learning curve, and you will often find high level players playing on "noob" accounts so even the early matches for new players can be brutal. If you can push through the first couple of hundred hours of games ;) and ignore the torrent of expletives thrown your way when you let the team down!; you will find Dota 2 to be a: competitive, intense, challenging, and completely engaging experience.
game-hours: 486.0
review: The most challenging and interesting MOBA game ever.
game-hours: 3094.3
review: good game!
game-hours: 1723.6
review: fun and interesting game where it test your mentality, co-operation and awareness.
game-hours: 1022.5
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 1327.0
review: Best moba ever!! A little difficult to learn for newcomers, but it's tutorial is pretty good!!
game-hours: 611.7
review: ..
game-hours: 955.9
review: Worst game ever . Can't deny creeps. Free tp. No buyback. Riot fix this pls. 0/10
game-hours: 374.8
review: ss
game-hours: 2194.1
review: Totally worth it 10/10 !!!
game-hours: 483.6
review: play dota, be happy
game-hours: 6424.1
review: ...  bule
game-hours: 2887.7
review: Best game ever if u have samething against this then ur wrong + its free!!!
game-hours: 2728.5
review: ^^
game-hours: 443.3
review: ........................................................................................
game-hours: 1075.2
review: Nice game
game-hours: 991.4
review: Good Game
game-hours: 484.5
review: A true time-sink, but the best one there is.
game-hours: 2575.6
review: The game that destroys friendship... That's why I love it.
game-hours: 4298.1
review: Dota 2 encore of the famous dota map of world of warcraft, is a very fun online multiplayer fun to play with frnds in a group.
game-hours: 1170.7
review: The single greatest human accomplishment in the history of the world.
game-hours: 520.9
review: game yang sangat epic
game-hours: 2107.4
review: It is a rather good game that you can play for hours but in my opinion after a few days you get bored of it and leave it for a day or two it is a strategy game that i would say is the best one out there.(that i have played)
game-hours: 1248.5
review: Awesome game, 10/10 ;)
game-hours: 2603.8
review: Logical, strategic and team work needed! Awesome game!
game-hours: 3358.5
review: recommend :)
game-hours: 1313.6
review: Jugglike <3 !
game-hours: 729.5
review: played this game for 6 years right know and never get boring on it
game-hours: 943.8
review: nice
game-hours: 714.2
review: Excellent game which is easy to learn and fun to play with friends. Has loads of customisable content and the base game is free to play. A lan wouldnt be complete without playing DoTA2
game-hours: 1965.6
review: love it
game-hours: 965.2
review: Awesome game, just try it
game-hours: 1321.5
review: BEST MOBA EVER
game-hours: 3935.4
review: . . " ". ....
game-hours: 1698.5
review: Good game Well player!
game-hours: 1523.4
review: Dota 2 is a game that puts your skills and patience to the test; if that's your type of thing I recommend this game because it's possibly the best in the business.
game-hours: 3294.9
review: Oh yea ,dota 2 is nice ,but is full of possers that name their selves dendi , but the original one is epic, are you really readying this lol?
game-hours: 1668.3
review: Best compatative game ever
game-hours: 4426.4
review: d2
game-hours: 1610.9
review: blablabla
game-hours: 3635.5
review: Dota2 IS THE BOMB
game-hours: 1815.1
review: This game is awesome minus the Russians and Mexicans in your preferred language of english. People always hate on some heroes and items but the game is well balanced and all the heroes can counter eachother. I recommend this game and ou'll spend hours playing it.
game-hours: 2618.7
review: One of the Top Competitive Games around with a Dedicated fan base that numbers in the Millions. Once your hooked It's not something you can easily put down. Sure the game may have a steep learning Curve with a somewhat unforgiving community but once your winning team fights, thats when the game truly takes off. And the items and cosmetics are just a extra perk to keep you playing, and best of all, its free!
game-hours: 1369.5
review: This game is simply amazing! Never get bored no matter how many times I play.
game-hours: 1423.5
review: Epic! Never gets boring. What you waiting for!?!?
game-hours: 1821.4
review: relax to play......
game-hours: 2542.7
review: It made me start eating babies . Do not . Ever . Download this game .
game-hours: 244.8
review: nice dota2 go go go
game-hours: 898.2
review: nice
game-hours: 340.7
review: free to play more like free to stay and tickle my
game-hours: 335.9
review: nice game!
game-hours: 1505.8
review: :D
game-hours: 609.1
review: Changed my whole perception of MOBA games, great game, great creators, great community. And for free... What are you waiting for?
game-hours: 830.8
review: Great game! It has a better community than the first one did
game-hours: 856.8
review: naix the lifestealer ? no, dota the lifestealer
game-hours: 2496.7
review: This is the first ARTS game i've tried on steam,ITS WAY BETTER THEN LEAGUE OF LEGENDS
game-hours: 1097.9
review: good
game-hours: 947.2
review: Dota: Only game where you can fight with good guys as the villain and with the bad guys as the good guys. Most confusing  Ive ever played, contains a free "learn Russian-Software" and you can learn how to deal with toxic people in real life! 10/10 recommend it for everyone who wants to learn russian. Better then Cod+League of Lesbians.
game-hours: 1833.6
review: game that is hard, fast, unforgiving, and amazing to both watch and play.
game-hours: 1622.6
review: Good Game Strategy
game-hours: 1377.9
review: Good game <3
game-hours: 19.3
review: FunWun
game-hours: 241.4
review: A game that becomes really fun when you know how it works and you know what to do!
game-hours: 740.7
review: Nice game :D awsome
game-hours: 789.7
review: Recomend to ryt this game 4 every one.;)
game-hours: 1408.1
review: This game really exiting...
game-hours: 1638.5
review: Very good game... Awesome changes with DotA 1
game-hours: 2195.9
review: Nothing further to say. A great game and free to play. Many funny moments as well as the competitiveness in dota 2
game-hours: 2352.6
review: strongly recomended
game-hours: 153.1
review: Damn Pudge, Bloodseeker, and Drow Ranger.
game-hours: 1397.9
review: cool
game-hours: 1568.9
review: Ultra competitive Game, you played Demon-. Dark Souls 1,2..... and you thought you died that much... then you never played Dota to become a Bratwurst 10/10
game-hours: 2034.0
review: good job
game-hours: 712.3
review: Awsome almost better than the original
game-hours: 92.9
review: Nice game
game-hours: 1084.6
review: Great game. Basically, a port of DotA1 into independent platform with an addition of raging CYKAs.
game-hours: 237.2
review: Better than league of legends.
game-hours: 2543.6
review: Great game. Its not easy to be good at. You have to play it for awhile to even get use to all the heros and items.. and thats just the start
game-hours: 1.9
review: Nice game, Needs updates to make it run smoother.
game-hours: 4462.4
review: Dota 1 is better but this will do
game-hours: 2085.6
review: This game makes me want to kill myself.
game-hours: 4349.5
review: ez
game-hours: 394.7
review: After playing at least 50 games of Dota, grasping the basic mechanics and understanding the ablities of about 75% of the over 100 heroes I came to an stunning revelation. The one map isn't just a map, it's a playing field. Dota 2 is more of a sport then any other video game I've played. Each heroe is unique and has a unique playstyle with varying abilities. The graphics look great and the stylized champions each have their own unique lines and looks, some even talk to each other as you play. In Dota 2 each team of 5 starts on either the Radiant (bottom left) or Dire (top right) bases, each base has a giant structure called an ancient with the goal being to destroy the opposing teams ancient. The base splits off into three lanes that converge with their opposing counterparts. Each lane is guarded by three towers divided along the lane. Little units called creeps spawn at the bases and move along the lane to fight each other to the death. Between each lane is a jungle populated by neutral creeps. Killing creeps gives you gold and experience, experience is used to level up your character and gold is used to purchase items. The goal is to use a combination of your hero's abilities, the abilities of your teammates as well as your items to acheive victory. Now what turns a lot of people off from this game is that it has one of the hardest difficulty curves of any game I've played (save for dark souls). You will lose, a lot, when you first start playing. The valve tutorials help you grasp some of the basic concepts and playing vs bots can also help with that, but it's nothing compared to fighting other players on the field. My advice is to get out there and play some games, and if you get stuck there are tons of guides out there to help you find strategies to deal with some of the harded aspects of the game. Most importantly don't worry if you don't understand it at first, after a while the game clicks and it all makes sense. Find a group of friends to play and learn together. It may be intimidating but if you give it a chance Dota 2 is one of the most fulfilling and fun games I've ever played.
game-hours: 617.5
review: A little bit hard for newbie. Need moroe practice. Good game, keep the good work to all.
game-hours: 1180.7
review: good play dota 2
game-hours: 5345.5
review: good game
game-hours: 1583.2
review: I need to stop playing this game *still playing* fuuuuu
game-hours: 643.5
review: Thisbgame is really freat im glad i play this game
game-hours: 1845.6
review: The Best Game Ever !!!
game-hours: 277.8
review: nice game...
game-hours: 1180.0
review: 10 : 10 :D love the original these is better ( make a server without russian)
game-hours: 910.7
review: Epic gameplay with various mode and events. The graphic and sound are good too.
game-hours: 62.5
review: the best gmae in te world and its free!!!
game-hours: 3090.7
review: The only reason why my dad should be proud of me!! No time for , criminal activities! :3
game-hours: 2143.7
review: AMAZING GAME
game-hours: 1021.7
review: It's a awesome MOBA game
game-hours: 698.4
review: nice game :D
game-hours: 555.3
review: nce game guys
game-hours: 853.4
review: Dota 2 is so addicting! i recomend this game if you love online games this is the one! you can play with other plaers from around the world. show your skills in battle and teamwork!
game-hours: 2044.6
review: gg
game-hours: 1089.6
review: cool game
game-hours: 1658.2
review: An Awesome MMORPG
game-hours: 1112.7
review: Best game
game-hours: 686.7
review: Dota 2 is the best game I've played and also its Strategic
game-hours: 219.8
review: wow~
game-hours: 309.0
review: Fitza
game-hours: 385.9
review: Piola
game-hours: 176.4
review: epic!!!
game-hours: 1662.3
review: Best Foreign Language Simulator Evah
game-hours: 1366.0
review: nice game and i like thiss game
game-hours: 1122.2
review: Hook into this
game-hours: 149.5
review: Broke up with my girlfriend..... 10/10 SAVED MY LIFE!!!
game-hours: 772.3
review: I like the part where you beat the other team.
game-hours: 1425.6
review: I waste time for this in game and I can't stop it zzzzzzzz......
game-hours: 994.0
review: Great game!
game-hours: 2375.0
review: Very fun to play :)
game-hours: 2501.4
review: Best game !
game-hours: 263.4
review: Dota 2 is the best game that you can play.  League of Legends play Dota 2 ! I LOVE YOU VALVE !
game-hours: 1399.3
review: SO much FUN!
game-hours: 1610.2
review: Bawls. Better then LoL as far as Sophistication and Maturity of the Community.
game-hours: 3340.8
review: ing rules
game-hours: 3450.2
review: It's competitive, frustating and rewarding. Train the  out of with bots first, win them easily then come to online gameplay. People will scream at you, don`t listen to them. Just keep playing to get better.
game-hours: 1248.5
review: so ing awesome ! must play !
game-hours: 932.6
review: Game is hard!
game-hours: 985.5
review: insanely fantastic!
game-hours: 1585.9
review: The toxicity and animosity of the players in this game is horrible. People who kill you on sight in Rust are nicer. People will be  even if you are winning. Everything you do will be wrong. You will see an exclamation mark ping a million times and have no idea what is going on because even though you are playing on US server no one else speaks English. You will be called names, you will hear mariachi music, and see jajajajaja every other game. But you will never stop playing... Dota is Life.
game-hours: 39.1
review: Nice game xD
game-hours: 2238.1
review: great game, best game I have ever played.
game-hours: 564.7
review: 100%
game-hours: 1985.7
review: asd
game-hours: 1420.4
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 1951.4
review: awesome game.. once you go play you can never stop playing
game-hours: 904.9
review: Dota 2 is the Best game ever created :)
game-hours: 4778.9
review: Most bang for the buck fun I've ever had
game-hours: 1411.1
review: sure
game-hours: 829.3
review: good game, just play
game-hours: 3149.6
review: it is a best game ever
game-hours: 3339.6
review: Ruined my life, I hate this game so much 10/10
game-hours: 105.4
review: GG
game-hours: 1729.7
review: the best game ever
game-hours: 4300.5
review: The most true "Free" to play game I know. As far as moba's are concerned none match Dota 2 in terms of how deep a game it is. The drawbacks however are it's terrible community and trust me, it only gets worse when you meet more experienced players. I'd even go as far to say it's worse than the xbox live community and thats saying something.
game-hours: 0.1
review: To be honest i can see why people would enjoy this game but i'm just not loving the whole LOL vibe! (I'm probably going to get so much  for camparing Dota to LOL!) But I'm not going to  all over the game, its just not my cup of tea!
game-hours: 101.6
review: This game is Awesome !
game-hours: 1276.2
review: the best game i've ever played everyone shold give it a try u won't regret
game-hours: 2725.2
review: Literally a nightmare
game-hours: 1811.2
review: good
game-hours: 492.6
review: almhcicf;nre55vllon5;phjkl;i'\
game-hours: 2135.5
review: Just play it. Lord knows I do.
game-hours: 2054.1
review: !!!
game-hours: 264.2
review: 90% of your team mates will be brazillian, or russian, and will ruin the game for you. enjoy yourself. Wax chests and other .
game-hours: 0.3
review: Since I am the master of Dota 2 and embody the very essence of a gaming god, I feel I am qualified, if not overly adequate to take up the position of rating a game as highly acclaimed as Dota 2, Defense of the Aliens 2. Although many gam3r nerds think that Dota 2 isn't the best game, that's just simply not true. I strongly disagree with the sentiments of these subpar gamers and I advise that you convert them to Dota 2 as quickly as possible. So, many of your friends might be playing tf2, cod of duty, battlefield, WoW, or some other weeaboo garbage, and they may be thinking that those are the best games the world has to offer. "LOL, WRONG!", you should exclaim with great, pompous disbelief. As your friends look at you, confused as to why you are making a scene in the middle of a chinese restaurant, you will know, oh yes you will know that Dota 2 is the best game in the world.
game-hours: 949.2
review: Have fun, don't get mad when your teammates make mistakes.
game-hours: 2830.6
review: b4 dis gaem was release i was a virgin my friend (only 1, from north africa) always tease me. after i play dis gaem i am still virgin thank you gaben i can now go to kindergarten skool and be bullied by the white folk
game-hours: 198.8
review: tester
game-hours: 0.6
review: The day I started playing Dota was the day I ruined my life! -Dendi
game-hours: 1749.3
review: Dota 2, a game full of russian, pinoy, indo that doesn't communicate with English even if they have selected English as their language. They only speak english when "Up courier", "Ward", " noob" 100% best game ever. Train your patience and self-esteem. 20/10 ruined my life too.
game-hours: 783.3
review: Awesome and i love it :)
game-hours: 1160.2
review: Its the latest best game ever
game-hours: 754.6
review: GOOD STRATEGIC GAME EVER AND HAS A BETTER GRAPHICS THAN LoL :P
game-hours: 1302.1
review: i like this
game-hours: 2277.2
review: good game i love it
game-hours: 1451.3
review: Nice game ;) I Love that
game-hours: 95.9
review: :v
game-hours: 2487.7
review: Awesome strategic game,
game-hours: 2633.2
review: what my girlfriend said about Dotka: HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE But i continue love her ( Dotka )
game-hours: 80.4
review: hai
game-hours: 1892.8
review: Awesome Game
game-hours: 638.7
review: this game r jesus.
game-hours: 1049.3
review: New update is great! I've never been able to get less credit for matches than ever. Go D/Cing!!! 420/10
game-hours: 117.6
review: Gotta be better than LOL. I think.
game-hours: 3072.2
review: awesome
game-hours: 881.2
review: bEsT gAmE OuT TheRe. pERioD.
game-hours: 2796.7
review: gr8 game almost as good at Strife
game-hours: 733.7
review: My LoVe <3 .. xD
game-hours: 412.5
review: this game is very good man :)
game-hours: 1236.5
review: good game
game-hours: 2706.1
review: let's get it on
game-hours: 2619.8
review: For those who have played a MOBA game, I recommend Dota 2. However its not fully perfect yet. Language wise it is a mess. Even if you pick English as your choice. You will get games with Russians, Brazilians, Mexicans, and etc from time to time and there is really nothing you can do about until it is fixed. Game play wise its a bit slower pace then Heroes of Newerth, but much faster then League of Legends and equally as competitive.
game-hours: 1326.6
review: nice
game-hours: 23.3
review: DOTA 2 awesome game online !
game-hours: 446.1
review: DotA
game-hours: 731.2
review: THE MOST AWESOME STEAM GAME !!! ITS A WORLD WITHIN A WORLD !!
game-hours: 1644.2
review: This is about TEAM !!
game-hours: 350.7
review: @_@
game-hours: 739.5
review: wow very hard much nice
game-hours: 1513.5
review: The game!
game-hours: 4054.8
review: got shadowblade on riki 11/10
game-hours: 520.1
review: I died a lot, and the other team said I was really good at feeding.
game-hours: 1993.2
review: good game
game-hours: 1223.8
review: 50% salt, 50% dunks
game-hours: 587.0
review: Dota is cool game. I love killing creeps!
game-hours: 1637.3
review: Best!
game-hours: 3478.7
review: good good
game-hours: 2340.1
review: stay humble and play dota2
game-hours: 103.1
review: :) soo nice !
game-hours: 648.4
review: great game
game-hours: 1424.7
review: cool game,amazing
game-hours: 1593.7
review: agalar renciyseniz uzak durun okul hayatnnz haber etmeden ziker.
game-hours: 48.4
review: awesome game
game-hours: 2019.7
review: If you'd like to spend the rest of your life sitting at a computer and losing all interest from your family; then this is the game for you! 10/10
game-hours: 2288.7
review: Great rts game.Really good job with the new modes
game-hours: 1227.0
review: good and fair trader
game-hours: 1803.8
review: good
game-hours: 463.7
review: The most fun in a game i ever had in a long time! Amazing to play with friends or even alone. Really well balanced game has a couple of flaw's but not too bad. Best Strategic, Action game on steam in my oppinion! try it out trust me you wont regret it! (russians keep connecting to EU servers)
game-hours: 260.9
review: wew
game-hours: 528.9
review: THE BEStttttttttttttttttt STRATEGY GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 2381.6
review: best game a gamer can play .
game-hours: 12.7
review: If I was to rate this I would rate it a 5/10 due to the mean players. And if you want to test out how hard ppl are if you are a noob. They say go back to bots. Your bad. And some characters are all over powered and take no skill to use them. They give you no demonstration on attacks and it takes forever to use all the characters. I would say if you wanna play this go play League of Legends. I would rate that a 9/10. The people are more friendly and you use teamwork in it.
game-hours: 1695.9
review: I like this game
game-hours: 810.6
review: Dota nice Game :)
game-hours: 243.9
review: I've played a lot starcraft like games and I really enjoy dota 2. It is by far one of the best developed mods that has a great community, and it's FREE!
game-hours: 2234.6
review: Feeding is socially unacceptable
game-hours: 96.1
review: good game
game-hours: 851.6
review: good.
game-hours: 1498.0
review: This game may have a steep learning curve but it never gets old.Get past this steep learning curve period and you will enjoy every second of it.I'm still learning and fortunately i have passed this period of time.Lol is the basics of DoTa2,if you like challenges,DoTa2 is for you:)
game-hours: 3061.6
review: :D
game-hours: 2937.9
review: this is game the best ever i have ever played! train your teamwork with your friends while having fun
game-hours: 2035.1
review: This is one of the best games you will ever play. It has a lot of heros to try out and it weill have you playing all day long ;)
game-hours: 1266.1
review: Best language tutor out at the moment. 10/10
game-hours: 247.5
review: i
game-hours: 1551.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 1729.2
review: This is a great game to suck up time and enjoy with your friends in this game you make tons of friends across the game :)
game-hours: 2185.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 562.9
review: Dota 2 the best
game-hours: 950.1
review: This game is So nice!! -must be played
game-hours: 1652.8
review: Good Game
game-hours: 1264.2
review: dont trade he is spammer
game-hours: 3509.3
review: Really good game, very competitive
game-hours: 15.7
review: no
game-hours: 1220.2
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 300.1
review: wew
game-hours: 1749.5
review: Addictive game but love it :P
game-hours: 2303.3
review: best game ever invented...and still updating everyday...Its a legand. The 1st game that been re-invented as LOL (league of loser) and HON (heroes of nothingness)...
game-hours: 1438.7
review: I cant say anything for this game, but this is best game ever !
game-hours: 99.5
review: ING GREAT GAME. 10/12. LEAGUE OF LESBIANS IS NO MATCH FOR THIS SUPERIOR GR8 B8 of A GAME.
game-hours: 726.0
review: Chat less, Skill more .
game-hours: 592.1
review: Difficult to learn but a great game with an awesome professional scene to follow.
game-hours: 1831.8
review: Amazing game. Really impressed with Vavle on what they've done with Dota. Incredibly steep learning curve, but very rewarding when you start to really figure out what you're doing. Note: I played Dota 1 for several years, and I struggled for a long time ramping up.
game-hours: 232.7
review: pretty good game and its not easy
game-hours: 2582.2
review: It ruined my life. Over 1.2k hours I can't get back. Definitely recommend.
game-hours: 210.1
review: league of rayman: legends was better than this game. Leeg Of LOL was freee, yeti had to by this game for 2 of my team fortress 2 legendary limited edition ellis caps priced at 20 dollars. I would rather eat my skin of and suck it down like noodles starting from my feet and then jump into a pit of salt, lemon juice and my own eyeballs and roll in pain then play this game, everyone is russian and everyone is kill me. I dont understand why i cant use flash and why my support keeps taking my kill. I played as the courier hero and he didnt do any damage, I got so mad I got up from my computer, turned it off and then proceeded to drop out of school and quit my job as a tradie and go back to artschool to follow my dream of sucking so much  i wouldn't have to think of dota in my life ever again. 10/10
game-hours: 492.1
review: A very love and hate relationship.
game-hours: 2061.7
review: The game is good. Tightens something it was too much, like in every new game you have to download the knitted character and achieve new successes in PvP, but it does not worsen the feeling of contentment game :)
game-hours: 2087.1
review: I recommend this game.
game-hours: 700.3
review: Best game ever :3
game-hours: 3678.9
review: .....
game-hours: 1107.3
review: ahwts
game-hours: 2256.6
review: Defense of The Ancients : 2 A game you once start playing, will clobber you into the fantasical game world. Quick hands, wits matter and this game once begun will make you continue. A game to download... a game to support.. GJ IceFrog
game-hours: 884.3
review: amazing
game-hours: 2850.8
review: ...
game-hours: 2316.3
review: Dota 2 is many things to many people: it's a great way to kill an afternoon with friends; it's a spectator sport platform with its own item-betting scene; it's a hobby; it's a profession, and a way to make a living. It isn't perfect and likely never will be, as each update tends to fix bugs and introduce new ones, and the tutorial could certainly use some work. However, with zero cost to play and one of the highest skill ceilings of any game I've ever encountered, Dota 2 is a modern multiplayer masterpiece.
game-hours: 393.0
review: KAL
game-hours: 94.5
review: I recommend this game it very fun to play and you can choose between many different heroes which is fun
game-hours: 70.6
review: I underestimated this game. I thought it would be just run and kill stuff... well it is kinda exactly what it is, but it is just a thing about the game... it is just... alot of fun
game-hours: 946.2
review: cool
game-hours: 4332.1
review: the best game ever!
game-hours: 2207.6
review: +
game-hours: 383.8
review: Dota for lives!
game-hours: 72.4
review: I dig it. 8/10
game-hours: 3218.0
review: blyat idi nahui
game-hours: 2.0
review: Remember that game where those horrible people pretend not to be Russians and then go into an airport and shoot everyone? Same deal, except the horrible people here are pretty bad at disgusing their Russian-ness.
game-hours: 427.6
review: After long time playing DoTA 1(Warcraft III) this DoTA 2 really makes me crazy. Because you know, the graphic, animation and all the things here are completely advanced. When I try to play DoTA 1 again it feels like "Am I play this game before? How ugly is it(sorry)".
game-hours: 2547.8
review: /10.
game-hours: 2149.7
review: Trial by fire. Straight up. You're going to learn exceptions to the rule by being killed by them, and it's going to happen a lot. Dota is the most brutal learning curve of any game I've ever played. Sometimes in a well-done fashion, sometimes not. There are few games where I can honestly say that at 300 hours you have barely any true idea what you're doing. Amazingly complex game! Tons of fun, especially with friends. Not a casually oriented game at all, but enormously entertaining to play and watch. No grind, no microtransactions that affect gameplay in any way. No outside advantages, no premade skills. Everything happens in game and you need to be quick on your feet. Try it out! Just be warned that properly trying it out will take hundreds of hours. Relax, you're doing fine.
game-hours: 1658.8
review: it so fun!
game-hours: 2126.2
review: League of Legends is a great game.
game-hours: 502.9
review: DOTA2 is <3
game-hours: 1717.5
review: wanna keep playing again and again
game-hours: 1853.9
review: <3
game-hours: 3128.7
review: I've been playing this game for 11yrs+ this game will probably give you the things you are missing in life: 1.Cancer 2.downsyndrome 3.No Joy 4.Excited to play just after quitting the game 5.Learning how to speak Russian/Filipino 6.Autism 7.Blow your pride some day 8.Get really sick both ways 9.Slowly becoming a racist 10.Your brain will give you signals to commit suicide. best moba 10/10 recommended to ruin your life!
game-hours: 3142.3
review: buen lider
game-hours: 3722.3
review: Stole my soul
game-hours: 1262.8
review: BEST GAME EVER!!!
game-hours: 13.7
review: This game is awesome.. very beautiful game with "Free To Play" feature :D
game-hours: 742.5
review: good game
game-hours: 1083.3
review: THe Best Game That I Played!!
game-hours: 4093.0
review: 7/10 best new game. Highly recommend.
game-hours: 1248.1
review: It may be the most addictive and fun game I've ever played. It has a really deep gameplay, which takes some time to learn and practice, but it's enjoyable from the very beginning.
game-hours: 2375.4
review: Annoying ...frustrating game .. u loose .. u win .. u meet russians in `Eng` lang. and west region .. u flame .. u rage u get muted .. than u win some more and it`s s till fun :)
game-hours: 77.4
review: A long time ago somewhere in Dallas, Texas: A man by the name of Henk Holl had this idea about men wearing masks and beating the  out of each other and having even bigger men wrasslin' on top of these smaller men to see who could push down their towers first. Well Gabe Newell swooped in on his Gabearang and quickly crushed (both figuratively and literally) Henk's deep-rooted desire for a good ol' fashion woopin'. And three quarters of his spine. So what we're left with is a game called DOTA 2, which many believe started as the name of DONUT 2, as Gabe was hungry that day and wanted 2 extra donuts, but many misheard him and thought he said DOTA 2.
game-hours: 871.6
review: nice game, amazingxzxz
game-hours: 2773.3
review: <3 Dota 2
game-hours: 768.5
review: If you can get past all the Russians inhabiting every single server, ever, then this is as close to perfect as you can possibly get! It's a great game to play with friends, and it's free, to boot! Such a simple idea but with so many strategies, heroes and gameplay styles, it never gets boring. 10/10.
game-hours: 199.0
review: Coolest game ever
game-hours: 2803.5
review: !
game-hours: 882.1
review: If you havent played this game already, or been bombed to death with free keys from valve, what the hell are you waiting for? Prepare to fume from frustration from the russians, or just n00bs from every single country imaginable. No seriously though this game is ing awesome.
game-hours: 274.7
review: Dota 2 Is a great game that people tend to over look. Over all it's fun if you can find a good team that isn't full of people that don't know how to play. I would recommend this game.
game-hours: 1032.5
review: Play For Fun :D
game-hours: 2880.6
review: My friend once told me: Cmon man you are playing that  whole day, i answerd:  byat idi naxyi
game-hours: 1074.1
review: I Love dota 2 :D Love the graphics and the effects :)
game-hours: 1235.9
review: Very nice!!
game-hours: 629.7
review: League of Lesbians is nothing compared to this.
game-hours: 528.0
review: Great game, it might be hard to get in to for non MOBA players but the game depth is great and it will bring hours of enjoment especially if you play with friends.
game-hours: 72.4
review: dota/10 would get copied by riot games
game-hours: 1225.6
review: very good game
game-hours: 137.5
review: wood recomend
game-hours: 874.8
review: Best Game, LoL isn't even close to Dota 2's level. If you havent tried this game, well your missing out.
game-hours: 1160.0
review: 90% if not more of the games you will end up with russian team on english server ...
game-hours: 1320.5
review: everybody i recommned this game
game-hours: 1205.7
review: Cvv
game-hours: 2053.3
review: (Y)
game-hours: 1800.9
review: Best team-fight game I've ever played !!! :D
game-hours: 193.0
review: Dota is a great cooperation game that has the goal to destroy the opposing team's ancient to win. However it has many game modes that are fun to play. It may be the same map all the time but it never gets boring. This game also has many systems so new players can get used to it quite fast. However this game has disadvantages as well like bad lobbys because of communication shortages ( european guys who can't speak english, guys who are selfish and just care to win so they just don't care about communication or they may even play with friends in the lobby but they are using the Skype exuse all the time and they are so bored to press a single button so everyone in the team can communicate). Basically the only negative is that there is quite often communication problems among the teams and that some players do care about victory but just play one-man army style , picking their tank character and just do kills and show off.) One big advantage is that the game has no cheats in any lobby. It may have huge disadvantages but the correct lobby and the gameplay can cover the disadvantages often , so i would say that it is a very good game to play that can never get boring even if it's free.
game-hours: 1675.5
review: gud game
game-hours: 1338.6
review: Awesome game to play with friends
game-hours: 1167.5
review: Fain
game-hours: 102.6
review: wow
game-hours: 353.4
review: as
game-hours: 2477.6
review: Say goodbye to your life.
game-hours: 584.6
review: <----------------DENDI ?
game-hours: 1.3
review: Great Game
game-hours: 1058.5
review: nice game.. i love this game so much
game-hours: 5.3
review: Best game
game-hours: 425.3
review: i liked Dota 2 cause any kind of hack wasn't allowed and i dislike the rank of player we played in.
game-hours: 396.9
review: zzzz
game-hours: 122.0
review: (,'')
game-hours: 2108.8
review: "Dota 2" is the spiritual sequel to the Warcraft III custom map, Defense of the Ancients. I would describe it as a modern 5v5 version of chess that requires fast thinking and twitch reflexes. The game has a steep learning curve which may scare away casual players who are looking for a more "mainstream" experience (LoL) but the learning is part of the fun because it never stops, the are more than a hundred heroes to choose from and the experience evolves with every patch. The game is completely free to play but you may purchase cosmetic items for your favorite heroes from the Dota store or the community market.
game-hours: 1565.7
review: The MOBA genre is slowly becoming vast and many not so good games are being published, but I assure you this is a great game. However if you are new to the game you must struggle because there are many people transitioning into MOBA's and you may be paired with people who disconnect, like to verbally harrass, but once you get pass level 10 the community slowly turns better. The community is similar to many other MOBA communities, meaning it can be very toxic at times (use the mute button). The game itself is very fun and entertaining especially with friends, grasping items, heros, and skills can be challenging but it is just a proccess of time. If you are patient and willing to play the game it will get funner and funner (till you try to climb ladder and paired with non english speakers). I would give this game a solid 9/10. I like the game so much I wasted 100+ dollars on chest, take it as a lesson don't buy chest, the only winner in that is lord gabe.
game-hours: 1379.4
review: I had a life. It's gone now. Thanks volvo. 10/10. Best game.
game-hours: 869.7
review: Pushes you to racism, hate, various emotional disorders and borderline suicidal state. Would definitely recommend.
game-hours: 576.4
review: Best in the world!I dont have any words for this game,this is perfect!
game-hours: 1675.3
review: "Game is hard" This game has a steep learning curve but rewards players with a truly outstanding multiplayer experience. There's a reason it's got the biggest population on steam. F2P and not P2W. Like a cross between hitting the level cap in WOW in 30 minutes and playing chess in real-time using 10 out over 100 difference pieces.
game-hours: 320.6
review: nice game,who love play strategy game this is one for you!))
game-hours: 2704.9
review: ++ game
game-hours: 1906.7
review: NC GAME !!!
game-hours: 981.5
review: Better Graphics Improvement compare with old DotA and Better UI & Tradeable item
game-hours: 3185.0
review: Amazing RTS game !! most better than LOL and primal world etc :))
game-hours: 3062.7
review: 10/10 - who needs to spend all that money on rosetta stone software to learn russian when you can just play dota.
game-hours: 0.1
review: Too much like league of legends. Even if it came first, its bad.
game-hours: 1561.1
review: fun team game!
game-hours: 738.6
review: Makes you loathe every Spanish speaking country under the sun, and don't forget the Russians, those  Russians. Will test you and any of your friends you are playing with, the worst of you will most likely kill themselves after how much you would get mad at them for feeding. 10/10 would lose everything I have again.
game-hours: 586.1
review: yes
game-hours: 957.4
review: :3
game-hours: 1191.0
review: I want to be pro!!
game-hours: 3971.9
review: Tara Rak na
game-hours: 1053.0
review: Best FreeToPlay game on STEAM !
game-hours: 925.2
review: It's an amazing game - technically outstanding, showing all of Valve's usual polish and attention to detail, especially in the all-important multiplayer aspects. The continual balance tweaks and new heroes combined with the vast amount of content in the game offer countless hours of enjoyment. It's hard to master but good wins with your teammates are incredibly satisfying. It took me a long time to warm up to, but I'm helplessly addicted and every day look forward to getting home to fire this up with my friends. If you can spare the time - play it.
game-hours: 2448.6
review: i like
game-hours: 122.3
review: 1/5 I want my money back
game-hours: 1044.7
review: Game is hard. Report volvo. Buff servers. Ban scrubs. I immediately regret my decision. Roshan. Push. Roshan. Nerf servers.
game-hours: 1827.2
review: Dota 2 has only one hero and thats Spectre who can only build one item, Eye of Skadi. I don't really know anything else about Dota 2 pretty thats all the game includes so far, game lack any diversty and is really boring to play after 5 minutes also for some reason my support is never ranged and some random  dude picks an hard carry and calls solo hard lane because he read some half  guide on some crappy website. For short this game is 10/10.
game-hours: 509.1
review: it's uber pearfect
game-hours: 1965.5
review: This game is amazing to play :D LOLOL
game-hours: 2636.4
review: yesss
game-hours: 2079.2
review: love to play :)
game-hours: 530.8
review: This is very good game. Addicting and challenging.
game-hours: 11.5
review: WHY STOP NOW, JUST WHEN I'M HATING IT. 10/10 GOTY
game-hours: 68.7
review: Yeahhhh!! Awesooooomeee!!! hellyeah!
game-hours: 0.6
review: Even if you eat oranges, it won't be K.
game-hours: 1355.2
review: RAT DOTO IS BEST DOTO
game-hours: 1772.9
review: Really Good Game
game-hours: 801.3
review: Dota 2 can sometimes piss you off more than any game out there but also reward you with a sence of pride when you do something good
game-hours: 2683.5
review: Doto rulez!
game-hours: 1615.7
review: Best MOBA game out there!
game-hours: 2093.0
review: Best game :D
game-hours: 818.8
review: build a ing bkb or everyone will ride your
game-hours: 1774.9
review: awesome game
game-hours: 1287.8
review: fight for my desire :)
game-hours: 729.5
review: very good reboot from the first DotA game. constant improvements and update from the dev makes it better. better graphics is a plus. do play them if you played DotA before. and did i mention that it is FREE?
game-hours: 1357.3
review: man do you want to sit at your computer and play this for 10 hours a day? just play this. want to make friends? or yell at your friends? this. 10/10
game-hours: 1566.5
review: A very good game. Recommend to anyone. Try it, it's free. Game model is COMPLETELY free to play, only vanity items are payed. Can't hurt to try, can it?
game-hours: 2.2
review: No
game-hours: 18.0
review: I havn't even played against real people yet and I'm addicted...
game-hours: 56.0
review: so cool
game-hours: 1932.2
review: Play it and be cool!
game-hours: 342.7
review: l
game-hours: 777.0
review: aw
game-hours: 446.3
review: recommend to play
game-hours: 416.8
review: Currently my favourite steam game. It may take a while to get used to, but once you know what to do it is extremely fun.
game-hours: 978.4
review: very addicting
game-hours: 921.5
review: The only thing good that can come from this life consuming game is you learn fluent Russian.
game-hours: 778.5
review: best strategy game ever
game-hours: 887.3
review: 123
game-hours: 1077.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 855.8
review: best moba ever
game-hours: 30.8
review: good
game-hours: 582.3
review: Dota 2 is a an amazing game adorned by millions of players worldwide. I hereby recommend this game to everybody by not not abiding the rules stated by Valve. Just play, and you'll surely 100% love it :)
game-hours: 1912.6
review: Good game ever
game-hours: 2448.5
review: Fun, adictive and just all amazing.
game-hours: 2637.0
review: Recommended
game-hours: 2409.9
review: my favourite !
game-hours: 1922.0
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 431.2
review: like
game-hours: 2094.6
review: My favourite game of all time!
game-hours: 1219.4
review: Game Is Hard 5 Man Mid
game-hours: 966.5
review: Killed a panda as a bat while a man with no eyes watched. 5/5.
game-hours: 1223.2
review: Cool game that has captured a lot of people over the years. It's not just a shooter where you shoot and ubivat.Zdes need to understand the game, enemies, their tactics. Afflicts one thing. As people seems to new people in dote.Mozhet is only in Russian pub, but still do not like to play with them. Since they do not know-- And lately people play for Exodus, and not fun. 10 put the game out of 10) Since the game attracts -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ,     .        .   ,, .   .        .     ,       .     -,-        ,  .  10   10)
game-hours: 2247.8
review: 5 minutes in game, get called a "" for no reason. 12/9
game-hours: 1371.7
review: very addictive game good.
game-hours: 103.2
review: This in game make my life miserable.. Play this game if you want to ruin your life.
game-hours: 2251.2
review: This is my humble opinion on the game Dota 2, not something you have to agree or argue with! I am playing Dota 2 since 2012/13 and it's still an awesome game. Valve always brings fresh air in the game by patching new heroes and such. For me it's one of the best made games ever because of the big community it's influence on the developers (helping them to fix/add/change things), the gameplay and the teamworkmechanics. You can play how and with whom you want. It's a great game for young and old which always be there without getting boring. I want to list the pros and cons which may help making ones opinion about Dota 2. Pros: - always Patched (fixes/changes/heroes/items, etc.) - not monotonous (always room for creativity) - free (may be the biggest point) - teamplayorientated - large active community - fun (that's what a game is all about) Cons: - difficult to get pretty good/decent player - always glitches, bugs (doesn't affect gamingexperience though) - broken mmr system - high chance of getting addicted (i know what i am talking about :D)
game-hours: 469.7
review: Pretty Good so far!
game-hours: 852.8
review: Game is well done, but still a lot to upgrade and finish keep up the good work
game-hours: 1015.7
review: Uh Not too sure what to write here so heres a recipe for Pancakes instead Ingredients: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour 3 tablespoons sugar 1 tablespoon baking powder 1/4 teaspoon salt 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg 2 large eggs, at room temperature 1 1/4 cups milk, at room temperature 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more as needed Now to make it 1. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and nutmeg. 2. In another bowl, beat the eggs and then whisk in the milk and vanilla. 3. Melt the butter in a large cast iron skillet or griddle over medium heat. 4. Whisk the butter into the milk mixture. Add the wet ingredients to the flour mixture, and whisk until a thick batter is just formed 5. Keeping the skillet at medium heat, ladle about 1/4 cup of the batter onto the skillet, to make a pancake. Make 1 or 2 more pancakes, taking care to keep them evenly spaced apart. Cook, until bubbles break the surface of the pancakes, and the undersides are golden brown, about 2 minutes. Flip with a spatula and cook about 1 minute more on the second side. Serve immediately or transfer to a platter and cover loosely with foil to keep warm. Repeat with the remaining batter, adding more butter to the skillet as needed. 6. Procedure for adding fruit to pancakes: Once the bubbles break the surface of the pancakes, scatter the surface with sliced or diced fruit, or chocolate chips, nuts, etc. Flip with a spatula and cook for 1 minute more, being careful not to burn toppings. Nah great game, highly recomended
game-hours: 456.9
review: Best Game Ever!
game-hours: 880.9
review: best game 0/10
game-hours: 1881.1
review: Best Game Ever in my whole ing Life
game-hours: 1262.9
review: the best competitive real time strategy game ever
game-hours: 807.8
review: All I learned from this beautiful game is that you can never trust people who call you: ...., ....., ......., ....., ......, ..., ......, ....,... If you can read this without looking into a dictionary I assume that you are an a.s.s.h.o.l.e (which is the translation of all this 'words' up there). But we all love Mother Russia, so see you next game!
game-hours: 619.5
review: Best MOBA in my opinion. Although the game is not fully done yet, but it is alive due to great updates almost every day. The balance between heroes is very good, skill matters also. But the game vs real players, not bots, is very hard on my opinion and needs to be balanced, so professional players will not play with newbies. I recommend it to everyone, who like MOBA games and good graphics, friendly interface and cooperating.
game-hours: 2078.4
review: Great game! The learning curve is however very steep, and you will probably end up losing a lot of your first games (as you get flamed by your teammates). But as you get better, you'll quite enjoy it. By far the best MOBA experience you can have.
game-hours: 1260.8
review: dotaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
game-hours: 2809.8
review: Gege ez game. Best russian learning software eu.
game-hours: 1174.4
review: well..600++ hours of play....still boring?nope...
game-hours: 1901.1
review: very nice game
game-hours: 1258.3
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 1668.5
review: Mttooo  e viciante!!!!!
game-hours: 56.2
review: I find Dota 2 is a tale of 2 completely different stories. The gameplay is extremely fun, challenging and each game is fresh. However, the community, like almost all MOBAs, is can be terrible, especially for newer players. This is largely due to the fact that the Dota 2 community, as a whole, has an insatiable desire to win. This desire far outweighs common sense, and therefore temper tantrums can flare regularly. The solution? Play with friends. If one does not have friends, I find playing bot games can be fairly enjoyable, as a win is almost guaranteed. Both of these solutions are not perfect, but can allow new players a way to learn and enjoy the game a lot more. I would recommend this to gamers interested in a new type of challenge, and those with friends. You will likely find that you will sink a ton of hours into the game. +Polished gameplay +Blend of strategy and action +Each game is fresh and exciting +Fun with friends -Terrible teammates, trolls or otherwise (the struggle can be real)
game-hours: 1669.6
review: What can I say about Dota 2... Great, hard, addictive game. It will blow you away when you start playing it with your friends, but you will need a lot of time understanding the hole thing and playing it good. If you played dota before you must try Dota 2.
game-hours: 274.4
review: this is a great game, love the mechanics and champion selection
game-hours: 990.6
review: Everything is OP. . . Meaning nothing it OP. . . 10/10
game-hours: 1416.3
review: Amazing
game-hours: 1.2
review: Hard
game-hours: 677.7
review: Great game! Especially if you got buddies to play with.
game-hours: 2860.4
review: dont play in dota2 please!!!
game-hours: 3183.2
review: badge
game-hours: 359.5
review: One of the best games ever. Better than LOL by a landslide! A Dota player and a League player walk in a bar. The Dota player says LOL sucks. The League player couldn't deny it. Sorta like tower defense but the training is pretty long. Overall it's a really great game!
game-hours: 1939.2
review: Ballerific
game-hours: 818.2
review: ;)
game-hours: 640.2
review: This game sucks, everyone gets mad at me and I get mad at them. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 278.2
review: yyyyy
game-hours: 402.3
review: itis a good game play it
game-hours: 980.9
review: This game is AWESOME!
game-hours: 915.8
review: The adventure from the WC3 DOTA 1 to Heroes of Newerth to DOTA 2 was an interesting trek. I stopped playing DOTA 1 around the time Batrider was added, stopped playing HoN when Midas was added, and am still playing DOTA 2 to this day. I recall in DOTA 1 when everyone used wc3banlist with auto refreshing slots and autobanning over 100ms players. People never warded, sentries were hardly used and everyone was pretty bad overall. It was a  load of fun however, particularily because so many people I knew were engrossed in DOTA and played nothing else. (Except CS 1.6) Techies remote mining Roshan, feeding your carries with gold (WC3 share gold feature), Phantom Assassin's evasion made her basically invisible minus her shadow... the list goes on. Heroes of Newerth was a title that I hadn't heard of until my friend mentioned it and I got to use his BETA account, shortly after it was launched for $20. Amazing, all the DOTA heroes and items, but with a few new additions every so often. The graphics were much better than DOTA 1 and everything sounded badass. (Portal Key sound is still engrained in my mind.) The problem was that it eventually went F2P with "freemium" features like paid heroes to compete with League of Legends and the DOTA 2 official "open beta" launch. Now we have DOTA 2. Crisp graphics, Valve supremacy, Gaben. Cosmetic only purchasables, very functional UI, solid framerates on any mid-range gaming PC, Valve supremacy, Gaben. I'm just listing the stuff I like. Mirana, smoothness of heroes turning (Suck it, League), Active Items (Suck it again, League), and Valve supremacy. Gaben. Gabe up writing this review because I'm at work and a bunch of customers are here.
game-hours: 283.4
review: Great Game! You'll take a long time to learn the basics, and each character takes a few hour of gameplay to master them. But, even playing training sessions, it's very fun to play this game!
game-hours: 4701.3
review: GG = Gita Gutawa
game-hours: 593.5
review: This game...... so hard to describe. Do not recommend.
game-hours: 978.6
review: good game
game-hours: 1.6
review: AMAZING!
game-hours: 3290.6
review: Good game
game-hours: 26.8
review: (y)
game-hours: 2714.3
review: excellent game
game-hours: 1590.9
review: Tough learning curve, but a great game. If you love learning new languages such as Portugese and Russian, this is the game for you!
game-hours: 205.8
review: Can you describe the pure war? You can find out from this game.. Best game eva!!
game-hours: 3017.2
review: Very nice game 24/7hrs playing
game-hours: 635.1
review: Over 500 hrs and still not bored
game-hours: 1651.1
review: fun
game-hours: 2755.2
review: nice a
game-hours: 687.1
review: awesome
game-hours: 212.5
review: love love love
game-hours: 506.6
review: Hello Guys! Just a short review of this game: There are literally 3 main facts to describe this game: it is amazing, exciting and supplies you with lot of fun! I never played a game that requires more skill, teamplay, and strategy at once than Dota 2. Playing Dota is accompanied by a non-stopable learning curve; that means you get better over the whole time. Bit by bit you gain experience, how to play your hero effectively, how to communicate with your team mates to defeat the enemies! And that it is! Teamwork is the main proceeding in that game! And for this reasons it makes such a big fun! In the average a battle is 45 minutes long. One battle demands your full attention, as well as concentration: Choose the right character, fight well and cooparate with your mates! Try it out, i totally recommend that amazing game!
game-hours: 1356.3
review: this game so good
game-hours: 441.2
review: very good
game-hours: 13.4
review: The game is just brilliant, but the community is awful. For example im playing Ursa and 1 other guy Sniper, the other 3 guys are just standing in base and waiting for the game to end. And they are calling me noob because the enemy team is jumping on me 4vs1 so I can't defeat them all. And at the end of the game (we lost) these guys are calling gg and easy.. for nothing, they didn't do anything but to just feed and staying in base. I really like the game but the trollers/kids is making it really tough...
game-hours: 2929.9
review: I cannot convey how enticingly addictive this game is, and so I will not try. Play it for your own damn self.
game-hours: 360.1
review: Best Language Learning course since the Rosetta Stone. 7.8/10 too much water
game-hours: 3420.2
review: plasy this
game-hours: 5401.0
review: good
game-hours: 2573.8
review: The game is great.
game-hours: 404.7
review: zxc
game-hours: 1577.9
review: Dota is not a game, it is a way of life. Chosen by millions of players and enjoyed every day of their lives...
game-hours: 361.5
review: Dota 2 is incredibly fun, although it may not seem so when you're sitting through that awfully slow paced tutorial, and your first few games may seem overwhelming. Tough it out, it's worth it. Once you learn to play a hero or two and you know a couple items to go with those heroes, you'll do fine. Dota will show you that the only thing you were missing in your life is being screamed at by people in russian/porteguese despite you already make it clear that you only speak english. Pro Tip: No, playing on US servers does not solve this problem, apparently every russian/portuguese speaking person decided to play on US servers despite the awful ping and they don't know the mainstream language here.
game-hours: 40.5
review: awesome game
game-hours: 563.4
review: <3
game-hours: 0.9
review: Way better than origonal Dota and HoN
game-hours: 1.6
review: For me Dota 1.0 wil be always better, don't know why, Dota 2.0 is not the same.. But it still pretty good :)
game-hours: 180.1
review: good game
game-hours: 22.5
review: gr8 b8 m8 i r8 8/8
game-hours: 1143.2
review: good game
game-hours: 80.6
review: DOTA 2 adds a great deal of complexity to the MOBA genre. Its balance tenet is: "Everything goes." There is no character that is underpowered; in fact, they're all overpowered in their own way. The game places a great burden of knowledge over whoever tries it out. Be sure to stick to Co-op games for starters. The tutorial may prepare you slightly, but the game as a whole is a lot more complex than other MOBAs on the market. Oh, and the saying "It ain't over till it's over" applies here. You can't be sure you're winning until the Radiant/Dire goes down. Lots of rooms for comebacks in here, but the game is far more snowbally than other MOBAs.
game-hours: 258.3
review: veri gud
game-hours: 3810.4
review: dniwe ebanoe
game-hours: 965.8
review: hmmm
game-hours: 1491.9
review: !
game-hours: 314.2
review: great game to play with :D
game-hours: 330.6
review: If you don't have this game. You're really missing out. Not only is it free but it's a very good game! It's currently my favorite and it's very popular. Give it a try and learn it. It took some time for me to learn it and now I love it!
game-hours: 2122.3
review: a good game to play
game-hours: 2454.2
review: JAJAJJAJAJJA
game-hours: 75.8
review: About this game this game is really awesome Free2play game,when you starts play this game you feel veteran :D, Hey there U will play this game
game-hours: 849.4
review: Its really amusing
game-hours: 759.0
review: Dota 2 deserves its intimidating reputation, and it probably wont suit you if youre looking to play casually. Theres a huge time investment before you can even enjoy a game, let alone feel competent at it. But once you start to learn its secrets, theres a wild and exciting variety of play here thats unmatched, even by its peers. Its a challenge of knowledge as well as reflexes, and success is a rush. The fact that its completely and totally free to play in the way we wish all free-to-play games could be isnt just one of the most generous propositions anywhere in gaming, it creates a level playing field where skill and cooperation is paramount. May the best team win.
game-hours: 3507.3
review: 9/10..... returning to matchmaking with high priority
game-hours: 340.2
review: gg
game-hours: 566.6
review: its an awesome game ..
game-hours: 3198.4
review: ..............
game-hours: 1282.4
review: AWSOME SAUCEM GAME
game-hours: 2094.1
review: good game (y)
game-hours: 1344.8
review: nice
game-hours: 1581.5
review: A game that should be played for fun and worth your time
game-hours: 387.3
review: Good Game Sir And I like This Game :)
game-hours: 1633.8
review: The only game I never get bored of playing over and over again
game-hours: 1283.2
review: Nice game ever, addicted game ever, epic game ever, play for spending free time ...... like DOTA 2 and remember it's just a game .......
game-hours: 1150.0
review: Really polished experience, good and regular patches, strong pro scene and a very large playerbase (who are mostly toxic and are bad). Lots of different and fun modes and interesting heroes. Needs some adjustment to the MMR system and the way the drops work. Solid game. 8/10.
game-hours: 383.2
review: Dota 2 is an awesome game But its need something new from a time to time to make it more challenging... Like increasing the health and mana for the heroes or creating more than just one map Any way it's a great game
game-hours: 2313.7
review: GGWP
game-hours: 394.1
review: Awesome game! It keeps me from getting bored and playing with RUSSIANS IS AWESOME!!! Heavily breathing to mic, DJ mic, Raging, Feeding, AFK. Capabilities of playing with russians
game-hours: 2505.0
review: Best game ever :)
game-hours: 0.2
review: The only thing I know about the game is that it is good to press q.
game-hours: 9.1
review: n1
game-hours: 2495.9
review: GET DIS GAME
game-hours: 546.8
review: Perfect game , i love it
game-hours: 966.7
review: Very good game Playerbase is a bit... "Tough" Very addciting yet rage inducing.
game-hours: 986.3
review: Good game
game-hours: 210.3
review: +++
game-hours: 35.1
review: Addictive!!!
game-hours: 428.4
review: Great game, but a hard learning curve. Once you get past learning the game, you will have a great time.
game-hours: 686.8
review: This game was awesome i like playing this game :)
game-hours: 1725.2
review: IceFrog, you brilliant human being! <3
game-hours: 1755.8
review: Love Dota 2
game-hours: 1456.7
review: I Cant Live Without You xD
game-hours: 3562.7
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 2254.6
review: additive game ever. xoxo
game-hours: 12.1
review: Awesome game, good for anyone has played dota 1, but ping problem is happen usually with asian player like me.
game-hours: 1953.0
review: Fun GAME :)
game-hours: 79.0
review: game xd
game-hours: 4730.2
review: Excellent game if you're looking for tension,anger,and trashtalking.10/10 would spend more hours
game-hours: 2536.5
review: better than LOL
game-hours: 1320.4
review: nice game :*
game-hours: 3390.0
review: Best game ever. Try it, you wont be dissapointed
game-hours: 1602.8
review: this is an awesome game that takes long to be skilled at and gives lots of fun. Its a must download game ^_^ also its the worlds most played pc game
game-hours: 21.5
review: Dont normally play on steamm but this game is one of the best i've played
game-hours: 328.9
review: Nice MOBA
game-hours: 6319.5
review: good game and hard to quit after u started :)
game-hours: 1611.7
review: I would reccomend this game, but be aware that once you get into this game, you won't see the way out for quite some time. Very addictive. Be sure to mid & feed.
game-hours: 1856.7
review: Yes
game-hours: 1987.2
review: It makes League of Legends look like a little lame cat.
game-hours: 1184.0
review: it is the game ever
game-hours: 1651.4
review: Do it! Feel the pain of not sharing the common language of english even though you put the language setting to english. glhf they said. joking aside, you should try this game.
game-hours: 768.0
review: Awesome game.
game-hours: 1678.6
review: Dota 2 is amazing play it..a lot.
game-hours: 5677.4
review: PROSTO OGON
game-hours: 1909.9
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1420.9
review: beats all other mobas out there.. all heroes available and its free!! best moba ever.
game-hours: 157.6
review: 10/10 you can play just to listen the voice actress of Queen of Pain
game-hours: 77.7
review: This game is a great game. It sometimes can be a bit hectic, mainly because you play with other people who can make mistakes, but is you just want to be a casual player, than it won't be a problem. I tottally recommend this game!
game-hours: 668.9
review: Nice
game-hours: 183.6
review: Great game. Major upgrade from the original Dota. Graphics are much better, gameplay is also better.
game-hours: 2992.3
review: Best game in my life
game-hours: 444.6
review: I like to play because it have item . it change appearance of an hero .
game-hours: 20.9
review: Just a ripoff of DOTA 1. 0/10.
game-hours: 1289.9
review: nice game :D
game-hours: 3909.2
review: Best game ever made! hands down
game-hours: 1615.0
review: Simply cool!
game-hours: 1322.1
review: Nice game but a volatile community
game-hours: 1822.8
review: The biggest source of adrenaline and frustration, anger and  BLYAT.
game-hours: 2045.6
review: I'm just doing this to get the steam achievement. Game's good, though.
game-hours: 6688.4
review: This game seriously ruined my life! Game is 10/10, would play again.
game-hours: 1018.9
review: I got fingered by a lion and died.  was so cash 10/10 would get fingered again.
game-hours: 1012.5
review: Muito bom!
game-hours: 281.6
review: Really fun game and I favour it over League of Legends.
game-hours: 382.0
review: This game is Awesome...You can battle through out other countries with epic Hero Items and Gears....
game-hours: 1248.2
review: great game
game-hours: 4862.8
review: best game ever. cant get enough
game-hours: 1680.6
review: best game evaaa!! =0
game-hours: 3492.6
review: AMAZING!!!
game-hours: 1540.6
review: A great game, the heroes offer a variety of ways to play and with the constant update a more equal matches
game-hours: 2542.1
review: good
game-hours: 3805.0
review: It's DOTA. What's not to like?
game-hours: 2156.1
review: _  give techies   _
game-hours: 1113.4
review: well
game-hours: 906.2
review: This game is ruining my life. On the bright side I learned some Russian and Spanish. 9/10
game-hours: 2779.0
review: This game will soon become extremely predictable. Let's say you have all the necessary components to make a team and then you have one rando on your team that hasn't picked yet. All you need is a support to make it complete, well guess what?! He is going to pick Pudge and win you the game. Don't worry jajajaja is a good sign. If you don't know what that means you will soon know. Good luck out there kid.
game-hours: 881.2
review: Stay in the trees.
game-hours: 705.0
review: I had a life, money, friends.. before dota.
game-hours: 2285.5
review: dota zaebis`
game-hours: 6792.3
review: aaa
game-hours: 9.5
review: Dota 2 is a really addictive MOBA. While I still love playing League of Legends, I also love playing Dota 2. Dota 2 is more of a challenge then League of Legends, which makes Dota a really fun game to experiment with and have fun on.
game-hours: 9.5
review: Dota 2 is a really addictive MOBA. While I still love playing League of Legends, I also love playing Dota 2. Dota 2 is more of a challenge then League of Legends, which makes Dota a really fun game to experiment with and have fun on.
game-hours: 160.3
review: play4rampage
game-hours: 839.3
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 1078.4
review: A great PvP game that offers some of the most intriguing and nuanced team combat around.
game-hours: 872.1
review: ad
game-hours: 2808.2
review: jadi game ini tuh saiap sih yang gatau game paling populer sedunia game yang mikir. ber strategi. dan paling jantan ini mah gausah ditanya reviewnya
game-hours: 1701.7
review: ^^
game-hours: 2217.4
review: I so happy play this game !
game-hours: 837.6
review: awsum~
game-hours: 4012.9
review: Insanely addictive! Also a good language teaching tool, especially Russian and Brazilian!
game-hours: 2180.9
review: DOTA2
game-hours: 545.4
review: O Ato de "feedar"  muito chato. O Sujeito, aquele que "feeda", transmite ondas ruim a tudo e a todos que dividem o chamado Time Radiant ou Time Dire. Ondas as quais, somente jogadores de Dota 2 / Moba / Multiplayer / Qualquer.fezes.q.envolva.outra.pessoa.alm.de.tu sabem explicar. Ao pblico, basta aprender o real significado do verbo "Feedar" e assim entender o que  ser, o que esto em questo, at ento. Miau,  isso ai! By Tino Marcos em sua reportagem especial ao Jornal BRHUE 2014.
game-hours: 2427.0
review: Half the time you will own someone and feel like a boss, the other half you will fed and get boned. Both times you will be called  by everyone ever.
game-hours: 172.8
review: Dopa3 maks mi fel gud becoz u get gunz an u go pee pee wid tem n u get 2 sey n vice chat tat tey stank bcoz ter kda is no gud. I norman go 3-55-1 with bludsikker, I now I gud but pleis dunt b meen. I relly tri in dis gam to du gud butt ol the russans be mean or brazalans say I am a mercada n teech mi to be meen to my freends so now they dunt play dopa3 with mi bcoz they now my kda too strung.
game-hours: 1926.3
review: Very nice game
game-hours: 923.3
review: The best strategical game I ever played, I like how the game works and how it uses the player's cleverness and skill in the game
game-hours: 750.8
review: Its the Macdaddy of Games
game-hours: 605.5
review: So Awesome!!!!
game-hours: 860.1
review: Realistic Russian Simulatoru
game-hours: 1084.3
review: awesome game!!!
game-hours: 718.8
review: Multiple strategy w/ hundred heroes and many combination. Terrible game for lone-wolf
game-hours: 1516.1
review: BEST GAME -  YOU LEAGUE OF LESBIANS :D
game-hours: 1185.4
review: Before I played this game I only had 2 balls. After playing for a total of 500 hours I had a million.
game-hours: 1984.4
review: awt x !
game-hours: 1567.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 968.1
review: Absolutely love this game!
game-hours: 1683.7
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 161.9
review: F E A R
game-hours: 3249.9
review: best
game-hours: 770.6
review: Very nice League of Lesbians copy!
game-hours: 99.2
review: .
game-hours: 3845.7
review: Amazing real time strategy game I've ever played. I'm addicted to it.
game-hours: 2337.6
review: i like dota 2
game-hours: 3139.9
review: zzz
game-hours: 3989.1
review: I like this.
game-hours: 848.6
review: Simply Amazing
game-hours: 3248.8
review: wold best game
game-hours: 341.1
review: good game...
game-hours: 76.7
review: The support for the game is , but the game is fun.
game-hours: 2108.6
review: gg
game-hours: 16.4
review: nice
game-hours: 2458.3
review: the best game that ever been made
game-hours: 1981.2
review: Sick game, teaches you tolerance of dealing with wits for an hour straight. Also I now know a bit of Chineses as people don't understand a regional search function. 10/10 ragemode would recommend
game-hours: 1391.6
review: Well, if i liked Dota 1, u will love Dota 2, simple.
game-hours: 3724.6
review: Best MOBA
game-hours: 917.3
review: This game is so good, it ripped out my heart and shoved it back in and the sheer amazingness of this game healed me instantly. - jacob
game-hours: 2028.5
review: try lng
game-hours: 113.9
review: Not bad, everything is great scept the jungler, kinda boring, and the fact that you need to spend almost half of your live playing just to be an "ok" player. Worth every cent I paid for it.
game-hours: 2911.4
review: Must to play :v
game-hours: 1.0
review: Fun to play with, not to eat!
game-hours: 542.3
review: BEST GAME EVER!!
game-hours: 102.1
review: Awesome game! I suggest you give it a shot if you are into the moba genre.
game-hours: 3755.5
review: best game on steam
game-hours: 1236.8
review: best game ever
game-hours: 66.0
review: wonderful!!!
game-hours: 16.6
review: League of Legends Simulator. 10/10
game-hours: 3581.2
review: not bad
game-hours: 75.0
review: Can't stop playing it.
game-hours: 1045.9
review: This is by far the best game to come from the original DoTA on Warcraft 3. I was disappointed by both LON and HON and after a hiatus of refusing to try anything else I saw this on the free games section and not expecting much installed it. First of all the graphics are wonderful, amazing considering the games free. The game play is almost identical that of DoTA on Warcraft 3 but everything is much smoother and not held back the game platform limition of the original DoTA. The online problems associated with the original game (people leaving etc) is much less as you are rewarded to stay and finish games, but allowed to leave if you have someone who rage quits. The best part in my opinion is how there are the same heroes that I grew to love and hate and learned to play with. There's a ton more to say but honestly in my opinion. This is how DoTA was meant to be and I need never search for another DoTA WC3 Alternative. I thank the developers for this game full heartedly and hope the best for their careers.
game-hours: 123.1
review: no comment
game-hours: 1171.0
review: GG
game-hours: 574.1
review: I played a few games. Everyone told me I was a noob and should kill myself. Our teams lost and everyone blamed me. This is my favorite game. 10/10
game-hours: 1359.9
review: nice game very nice
game-hours: 847.3
review: hi
game-hours: 876.8
review: Good game hueheuheuheeuhe
game-hours: 2246.7
review: Waddle around and meet new friends!
game-hours: 637.5
review: good
game-hours: 1004.5
review: :)
game-hours: 234.6
review: a nice game to play with friends
game-hours: 3197.7
review: best giler
game-hours: 2513.4
review: good game
game-hours: 2361.4
review: 1,587 hours on record for a reason. This game is more competitive and less childish than my previous game and train wreck of a dota-like accectable choice League of Legends. Yes the Dota 2 community is rough but that is how it has been since DotA on WC3. Harder than usual to walk into and get going at first because of the vast knowledge of the game but replays can easily fix that in a day. Overall great game and once again,  league of legends.
game-hours: 3043.5
review: just awesome
game-hours: 885.3
review: Great game! A boost in graphics from DoTA!
game-hours: 1071.8
review: DOTA 2
game-hours: 13.3
review: aaaa
game-hours: 1192.1
review: afguisafda
game-hours: 290.5
review: 10/10
game-hours: 2373.4
review: asdfghjkl;
game-hours: 1725.4
review: Good Game.
game-hours: 1699.6
review: best game
game-hours: 2975.8
review: Five Enemies - Five Bounties
game-hours: 548.5
review: DOta 2 is one of coolest games ever,esspecialy if you played dota 1,its big upgrade I reccomend it :)
game-hours: 15.9
review: Great Game GGWP
game-hours: 703.4
review: simple, best moba ever but needs russiancleaner.
game-hours: 844.6
review: good game
game-hours: 1186.0
review: Experiance make perfect
game-hours: 435.6
review: There is so much to improve your learning curve. Best strategy game ever.
game-hours: 61.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 2598.2
review: Gadable Game
game-hours: 716.2
review: soo adictive :3
game-hours: 1139.6
review: GAME WAS GOOT
game-hours: 1414.8
review: good game
game-hours: 773.0
review: THE BEST
game-hours: 1525.8
review: nice game very intertain
game-hours: 1196.7
review: This game is like Hard Meth. It'll ruin your ing life. But it's pretty fun while you're doing it.
game-hours: 781.9
review: God..... I mean there is nothing to say to a great game like this. Everything this game has I have wanted. And to any of my friends thinking of getting this you should!
game-hours: 1095.7
review: If you look past all of the occasional angry Russians/Brazilians, you'll learn to love it and eventually become a mindless tool whos purpose is to buy sets for heroes you never play and craft your inventory to death. 10/10 like Skyrim with an overhead view
game-hours: 2293.3
review: This game will turn you into a racist, antisocial and angry person. 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 564.2
review: Good game, but if all the heroes will be here, this game will be really good.
game-hours: 72.1
review: One of my most enjoyed games of all time ! A great strategy game for the ones willing to learn. No matter, on what level you are, you'll be learning something new everytime you play this. It's my first strategy game, but I still like this alot. There are a variety of heroes available, each having his own strengths and weaknesses. I'd suggest Sniper for the beginners but never forget to
game-hours: 947.7
review: Woww
game-hours: 657.9
review: Best game. If you are into MOBA's then this is the game for you. Even if you aren't directly into games of the type you will probably enjoy playing this. Not to mention the fact that it is free. Free. FREE. No cost. $0. Seriously. No joke. Buy it today. Or, don't buy it, because it's free.
game-hours: 1489.7
review: awesome nuff said
game-hours: 1062.9
review: very nice!
game-hours: 3014.0
review: i love this game :) this game is my life <3
game-hours: 1459.8
review: awesome :)
game-hours: 402.9
review: The game is great, except that the game rapidly snowballs into an unwinnable position if you get off to a bad start, and they brutally punish you if you leave before the game is over. Even if it's the 20 minute mark, your team has died 40 times, and your opponents are all untouched, you just have to pretend you're still playing until your opponents decide to end it. Which they'll often hesitate to do, opting instead to spend 30+ more minutes taunting and toying with you.
game-hours: 651.5
review: game, bad community, please God play it with me I'm so lonely
game-hours: 1877.2
review: good :)
game-hours: 2366.0
review: Dota 2 is an exeedingly deep and complicated game, you must delve deep into the lore and truly become the hero you are playing. Only then will you be ready to defeat the magic lord.
game-hours: 555.0
review: Very Good Game
game-hours: 777.4
review: Most amazing game!
game-hours: 1800.9
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 537.2
review: i lUv it
game-hours: 2549.2
review: This is DOTA 2 =3
game-hours: 1178.3
review: I like the full fun in it <3
game-hours: 1280.3
review: this. best. game. EVER.
game-hours: 752.0
review: Good
game-hours: 1799.9
review: nc
game-hours: 1070.4
review: As you begin to play this game,you're given a tutorial on how the gameplay works. As you finish completing the tutorial you would have options to either play with bots or with online players. There is a wide variety of modes to choose from. All of the heroes are unlocked from the start so you don't have to unlock them one by one like any other MOBA game. Each heroes have their own specific roles so choose wisely and don't anyhow go whatever you feel like. There is no in-game money in this game and you earned different rewards as you play many matches. There is a lore for you to read for each character if you're interested. However these game have a steep leaning curve and those who are new to MOBA genre will struggle how the gameplay system work. It require a lot of tactics & teamwork in order to win a match........that is if your partner will listen to you cause a lot of player i found will quickly rage at you if you make a minor issue while some other just rage quit because they felt like they cannot make a comeback. A lot of heroes are memorable mainly because sometimes you would see those heroes interact with one another depending if they are rival or allied.
game-hours: 2009.2
review: Awesome game. Too much time and money was dumped into this :)
game-hours: 1015.6
review: DotA2 gets more and more interesting. Now that the overall game-speed has been increased, its equally good as League of Legends. Lets see how the beta develops itself. I assume that something big is going to be released...!
game-hours: 1262.7
review: this game very addicted
game-hours: 1413.7
review: i like it try it
game-hours: 1463.9
review: blyat axaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxa! 10/10
game-hours: 3993.7
review: HOT !!!!!!
game-hours: 480.6
review: GG
game-hours: 1012.3
review: Great game to play with a group of friends
game-hours: 506.2
review: Decent game with lots of potential, but also lots of room for improvement.
game-hours: 1064.8
review: ..
game-hours: 52.6
review: Forward only time travel device. 10/10
game-hours: 1451.1
review: dota 2
game-hours: 220.9
review: Best MOBA I've tried so far! Very good balance between heroes
game-hours: 1620.2
review: epic !
game-hours: 1520.5
review: very cool and good game uses all senses and helps to improve analytical decisions
game-hours: 1749.7
review: There is only one word that can describe this game: Amazing! DoTA is the ultimate MOBA experience offering a large variety of well balanced heroes, suitable for any kind of player. Every match has different teams that require different tactics to defeat. I like it how Valve isn't greedy, as every cosmetic item in the game can be obtained by simply playing it. Actually, the best items in the game can be obtained like this, considering that the shop offerst mostly Uncommon items, that are available for a limited period. The only thing I dislike about this game is that sometimes people take it too seriously and forget to enjoy it. If you liked this review then feel free to give me free stuff.
game-hours: 611.6
review: What a not pay-to-win game!
game-hours: 1895.3
review: If you are gay, you will enjoy this game and its wonderful community. DOTAfag for life.
game-hours: 886.2
review: WELL DUDE THIS GAEM SOMETIMES KINDA ANNOYING AS HELL BUT ANYWAY I LUV COOLIN' W/ MY HOMIES FROM MY HOODIE SO U KNOW
game-hours: 280.1
review: Its a nice game , Keep it up
game-hours: 3475.3
review: Expect no less from this game, you will find that this game extremely fun.
game-hours: 3701.4
review: EASY GAME FOR LYCAN
game-hours: 531.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 343.3
review: Great game, but it has the biggest learning curve of any game I've played. If you have some friends who know how to play it, have them teach you. If you don't like it, it was free anyway :0
game-hours: 984.3
review: yes
game-hours: 867.6
review: Jebanje majki
game-hours: 1695.3
review: VERY ADDICTIVE, BEWARE!!!
game-hours: 4118.1
review: 2500+ hours... simply the best MOBA on the market today.
game-hours: 1036.4
review: ed my life for shoure
game-hours: 927.0
review: :D
game-hours: 325.3
review: yes
game-hours: 2284.8
review: gg
game-hours: 832.6
review: very bad
game-hours: 605.9
review: yes i like it
game-hours: 2194.0
review: Gotta Play This Man! All DAY!
game-hours: 1066.2
review: Made from hands of GOD
game-hours: 422.3
review: amazing!!!!!!
game-hours: 2675.8
review: I Love This Game.
game-hours: 140.7
review: I want To Trade
game-hours: 375.6
review: I LOVE DOTA 2 <3
game-hours: 2633.5
review: Best MOBA Game Ever and League Of Legends Players Certainly can't deny this fact :D If u know what I mean
game-hours: 266.8
review: hahahahaha
game-hours: 702.9
review: my liFe
game-hours: 803.7
review: best
game-hours: 1568.0
review: good game for time pass but i cant play because it is tough
game-hours: 992.0
review: Love This Game So Much
game-hours: 685.7
review: dis game good, ye
game-hours: 6067.2
review: is an upgrade from the first series .. improvement in terms of graphics, features and performance. 8.5 / 10
game-hours: 581.3
review: nice game,,,
game-hours: 1585.3
review: <3
game-hours: 730.9
review: nice rts game,it requires good tteamwork and strategy in order to win the match
game-hours: 478.1
review: Awesome!!!!! 99/10 would play...
game-hours: 1526.1
review: DIRE TIDE 2014 if u dont do this ice frog i realy leave this game *********************************************************************************************************
game-hours: 84.7
review: From an avid League player, it's a bit hard to get into and understand at first. But once you get your main role going and start to learn the hero's you can play it can get pretty fun. Until you meet Viper... /rage about one of his passives is a slow every auto attack Compared to League it has a lot less skill shots and more lock on's. However there is still a lot of skill to be had at this game, not runes or masteries, denying, and losing some gold upon death. Just make sure you don't spam your spells. Your mana pool is very low and mana regen is little to nothing early game. A very different game with not a lot to compare to, but they're both equally fun in their own way.
game-hours: 2117.6
review: If you like to have , low self esteem ,getting shouted on, crying , and right clicking than this is game is for YOU
game-hours: 590.8
review: my favourite game
game-hours: 136.0
review: a very good way to spend extra time to relax
game-hours: 1577.7
review: please fix it,,, its hard to loggin with another computer,, why that?
game-hours: 470.2
review: Just Play It!
game-hours: 635.3
review: the ABLITY DRAFT mode is sucks ! why must pick with a LINE??
game-hours: 4022.7
review: You won't enjoy this game. Ever.
game-hours: 1217.0
review: Awesome
game-hours: 37.9
review: Vborn hra o hodn lep ne prvn dl je to pln asn a jsem velice rd e jsem pozvn do bety a hra vyjde vem doporuuji koupit!!
game-hours: 957.4
review: Looking to cut yourself off from the real world? Life getting too boring for you? Or are you just simply finding for a way to throw your dull life away? Look no further, this game is the game for you. This game promises you hours of fun on end. You fight in a team to claim victory over the enemy team's Ancient, hence the title "Defence of the Ancients". Some heroes are easily grasped, making it easy for beginners to learn the basics. Once you start getting the hang of things and master the basics, there are a hundred other heroes to learn and master. Personally, this game has ruined my life. With about 400 hours of gameplay, my grades have dropped, I have no time to hang out with friends anymore, my family hates me because I'm always in my room, you name it, I'm probably there right now. But I've never been happier in my life. Girlfriend? Sorry, I don't know what that is.
game-hours: 1512.0
review: if u have not played DOTA2 then u have played nothing till now :D
game-hours: 1472.8
review: love dota
game-hours: 1367.5
review: nice game btw
game-hours: 1005.9
review: its awesome.,!!! .,it is my favorite game in online
game-hours: 896.2
review: Nice
game-hours: 2571.0
review: Very good game, untill you meet russian players, then its all down hill from there, only communication is being called a  what ever that is and feeding on purpose... otherwise very fun game.
game-hours: 133.2
review: i will recommend this game because this is so nice !!
game-hours: 1255.8
review: Super Game ! GG
game-hours: 261.0
review: keep cannot sign in what happen ?
game-hours: 274.4
review: Nice Game...........
game-hours: 1729.8
review: great game to play
game-hours: 1863.5
review: Help.
game-hours: 130.8
review: WARNING: Game contains content that will Over-excite, Enrage, Cause loss of friendship, Make you develop mental health problems, Turn the most mild-mannered of people into obscenity spewing racists and make you doubt your abilities as a gamer in general. Ruin your life today at the low low price of nothing! Would definitly recommend.
game-hours: 69.5
review: THIS GAME WILL RUIN YOUR LIFE. 10/10
game-hours: 1150.9
review: a good strategy game..... (y)
game-hours: 79.2
review: easily the best MOBA out there
game-hours: 437.6
review: good feed pa more
game-hours: 1764.6
review: You start playing this game you will never regret
game-hours: 1363.7
review: MOBA . League of Legends    .  : 10/10
game-hours: 777.7
review: Best Game
game-hours: 10.6
review: Fun, Free and even more Fun
game-hours: 1792.7
review: amazing game
game-hours: 1106.3
review: Everyone yells at you !
game-hours: 173.3
review: I like this game!
game-hours: 1117.9
review: This game is amazing and it's way better than LoL. IT IS AWEOSME SFGETEGSGF GET IT
game-hours: 3257.0
review: Spent all my free time on this game. EZ GAME EZ LIFE! Highly Recommended
game-hours: 1171.8
review: best games
game-hours: 33.9
review: doto  2
game-hours: 464.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 755.2
review: Greatest game I have ever played. It helps build teamwork and cooperation while at the same time playing with friends or random people you have never seen or heard of. You get lag spikes every now and then and the common trolls and new players.
game-hours: 876.4
review: Highly recommend playing it!
game-hours: 720.7
review: The most frustrating game of all time. This game will give you the feeling success, failure and regret. While at the same time, it will fuel the furious need to take another game, in hope that the teammates that you will play with, will have a higher intelligence quotient than the average programmed bots. In all, you will end up with doubt, begin to play as bad as the newbeginners, and end up in matchmaking unfairness. I recommend this game highly, if you have BDSM fetish or if you would like to play a multiplayer game in order to experience in-game injustice. And remember, no matter how bad a game was, always write a "gg wp", because it is really that great.
game-hours: 1127.7
review: I've been playing dota for 7 years!! I really love this game .. I will marry dota someday lol
game-hours: 688.5
review: Idea for next update: Nerf Rikki Nerf Rikki Nerf Rikki Nerf Rikki Nerf Rikki Nerf Rikki Nerf Rikki Nerf Rikki Nerf Rikki Nerf Rikki Nerf Rikki Nerf Rikki Anyways, I freakin' love this game. P.S. But seriously nerf Rikki
game-hours: 297.5
review: Like
game-hours: 377.1
review: NC
game-hours: 3671.2
review: Aweomse
game-hours: 2419.3
review: (y)
game-hours: 54.1
review: Awesome Game =))
game-hours: 160.3
review: I suck at this game but it's a lot of fun to play with your friends. Unless you don't have friends, then send me an invite and I will play with you. League Of Legends sucks too btw.
game-hours: 2254.0
review: a fastest way to learn russian and philipinoy lenguage
game-hours: 828.3
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 34.5
review: fun game i like it a lot
game-hours: 651.1
review: (y)
game-hours: 3142.7
review: I learned russian, legit game, nice feed !
game-hours: 1105.5
review: Best game after HoN
game-hours: 2729.9
review: i like this game
game-hours: 219.1
review: love this game
game-hours: 1372.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 1186.8
review: please ban scammer please his useing dota 2 lounge to scam people just check please ban him steam help he scam 2 people me and the other guy please dont ignore me ban him or give my hakama and wardog back he scammed me and help the guy with the pudge item his useing steam money to scam sir / mam bab him please
game-hours: 642.9
review: It's just DotA with better graphics and hats... JUST AWESOME !
game-hours: 1541.9
review: One of the best multiplayer game :)
game-hours: 50.7
review: awesome
game-hours: 606.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 2512.1
review: Good Game
game-hours: 472.9
review: Free game comes with many life lessons, 10/10.
game-hours: 666.4
review: good game
game-hours: 43.4
review: I'm so ing lonely dude. 10/10
game-hours: 1.6
review: Hard to get into, and elves and fire rock men and magic axes aren't my thing. But there's something about it I can't stop playing.
game-hours: 781.2
review: This game is the definitive MOBA. Competitive but fun, you will want to spend more and more of your time learning and playing Dota 2.
game-hours: 1003.3
review: addictive... there is no turning back
game-hours: 3.8
review: Its currently my favourite game and although i have no time to play it myself, i would definetely recommend it myself. thumbs up, 5 stars, 10/10. and its free. if u dont have it, get it NOW!!!!!
game-hours: 721.8
review: Best ARTS ever
game-hours: 1931.4
review: good game
game-hours: 3004.8
review: The most interesting game that i ever seen, only 1 map but a lot of things to do.
game-hours: 241.1
review: Best Game in STEAM !!
game-hours: 862.6
review: :) GGWP (:
game-hours: 1862.0
review: Not suitable for kids and pinoys.
game-hours: 1071.1
review: yay
game-hours: 1441.5
review: Best game ever. Try it.
game-hours: 1127.5
review: DOTA2 is a very good game,Recommended for you who like game with RTS,MOBA genre !
game-hours: 85.0
review: lol
game-hours: 1409.3
review: Been playing it for 1 year already
game-hours: 2133.9
review: I've lost control of my life
game-hours: 1191.9
review: i love it
game-hours: 1304.2
review: Good
game-hours: 197.6
review: nice
game-hours: 1486.8
review: hats
game-hours: 426.9
review: This was awsome! It seemed we were on a weaker balance but with nice tactics and good timing of pushing and defending we were able to take out the game. Players are somehow a bit too extravagant on using this sensitive word "Noob" when they believe the other player failed to comply of what he had wished. However, blaming comes naturally in a game for winning and losing. At least no other bad words came out. It was a good one generally. Cheers,
game-hours: 1503.2
review: ITS NICE!
game-hours: 1.9
review: xaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxa
game-hours: 827.3
review: DO NOT MISS THIS ONE OUT!
game-hours: 988.4
review: BEST GAME
game-hours: 5076.9
review: !!!
game-hours: 154.5
review: Awesome :D
game-hours: 183.8
review: The same  over and over again but very addictive and "fun".
game-hours: 751.1
review: ...
game-hours: 738.1
review: Its Awesome!! SERUISLY-_-
game-hours: 2106.4
review: Great game, a lot of fun to play with your friends. Has a steep learning curve. Would recommend 10/10
game-hours: 1117.6
review: Good game
game-hours: 3748.9
review: Before playing this game I was black and ripped. Now, after 2,000+ hours of gameplay, I'm a fat and proud white dude. 322/10 still no michael skills
game-hours: 603.6
review: Good Game
game-hours: 626.8
review: this is the most fun game i have been playing since w3 first map and i will grow old still playing this and learn my kids how to play this game and they wil learn thre kids how to play! :D
game-hours: 210.6
review: Awesomness...
game-hours: 441.9
review: The BDSM of gaming. Keep away from kids.
game-hours: 1131.8
review: This game is one of the best i have ever played
game-hours: 660.4
review: if you are ready to lose your social life for tons of fun kill donkeys with sticks and play with russians then this game is for you but really dont be a riki player T_T
game-hours: 120.5
review: GG HL WP. Good game with good players. t's like old times with new graphics. And item system is very brilliant idea. You can play wit friends all time. GG HL WP. Good game with good players. t's like old times with new graphics. And item system is very brilliant idea. You can play wit friends all time.
game-hours: 2857.5
review: HELP IM ADDICTED ITS JUST TOO FUN
game-hours: 1171.3
review: yes
game-hours: 59.2
review: it is a supe nice game to play i love it
game-hours: 1290.9
review: THIS GAME WAS VERY GOOD COZ AT THE START I ALREADY PLAYING DOTA 1 BUT THIS GAME GIVE ME NEW FEELS WITH NE RESOLUTION OF HEROES AND TOWER AND TO BE MORE PRECIES THIS IS FREE!
game-hours: 2959.8
review: The best GAME ever
game-hours: 1086.4
review: it very cool!
game-hours: 1390.4
review: @@
game-hours: 3661.6
review: 12 of 10 donkeyhorses. This game is the bomb. Would play again. Side effects of this game include: sleep deprivation, self mutilation, depression, racism and syphilis.
game-hours: 1311.5
review: Great evolution of dota.
game-hours: 260.6
review: good
game-hours: 979.9
review: cool..
game-hours: 953.5
review: yes
game-hours: 1952.9
review: Me gusta
game-hours: 2957.6
review: +  "Orz
game-hours: 407.1
review: A good game
game-hours: 124.5
review: Dota 2 is a game that is made due to the amount of  flooding League of Legends. It is an autistic turn based game where the main goal is to run out of cards fastest. There are many "Champs" or as Dota 2 likes to call them "Heroes." Other than the fact that it is pay to win it is run on the Half-Life engine which is really amazing seems though the game developers were monkeys. There are some side quests you can do like stealing children and selling drugs my main "Hero" is a Ork Warrior I am lvl 69. Do i reccomend this game you may ask well it depends whether or not you want HIV/AIDS
game-hours: 848.4
review: Dota 2 - A game of strategic chess like moves, an all encompassing battle for momentum between two teams. Who's Ancient will be left standing?
game-hours: 1233.3
review: That's the best game what i have played ever. (i have played BF 3, BF 4, every Dead island, a lot of strategic games and WOW etc... I also played LOL, but dota ... Dota 2 is more difficult than LOL, LOL is for kids who want kill everything and destroy everything, but dota is more strategic and just it is more about how can you plan assaults, how you can farming...) Dota is about cooperate, but LOL is also about that, than why play dota? Play it if you want challenge and a lots of hour of fun. It's amyzing guys play it! :-)
game-hours: 171.6
review: nice
game-hours: 727.1
review: good game (Y)
game-hours: 1252.4
review: yes
game-hours: 1167.1
review: yes
game-hours: 1338.1
review: good
game-hours: 1523.8
review: Dota 2 is a life-breaking game with everything a MOBA needs. Thats all I really need to say. Spend 5 hours on the game and i can almost guarantee you will be hooked ;) 9.8/10 <------- Only downside is that the community is probably the worst you will ever see in your life.
game-hours: 795.6
review: I'm supposed to wake up at 7:00 for school. Not anymore. I wake up at 6:00 to play one game of Dota before school. I'm thinking of waking up at 5:00 because I want to play another game. I go to bed around 11:30 because I play Dota. Dota 2 ruins lives! Stop playing this game.
game-hours: 2974.8
review: awesome game
game-hours: 3199.7
review: Idk, but this is a revolutionary!!!
game-hours: 1734.3
review: awesome game for people with a nice teamwork strategy with their friends and teammates
game-hours: 1992.2
review: this amazing game !!!!! damnnnn ing
game-hours: 1172.3
review: Best game ever created man
game-hours: 637.3
review: Yayy :D (community points ^^) But this really is a great game - especially with friends!
game-hours: 1858.5
review: the dmgs has been done
game-hours: 1764.4
review: dont play this! you wont have a social life after this game...
game-hours: 709.9
review: super game ....... no time to waste play this game :D
game-hours: 2697.9
review: Best game available on steam.
game-hours: 2646.5
review: Good game.
game-hours: 1096.5
review: Causes anxiety problems, low self esteem, Tourette's syndrome, mood swings, Bipolar disorder, breakdown of relationships, raging erections, racism. Would definitely recommend. THE BEST LANGUAGE LEARNING TOOL ON THE INTERNET. LEARN TO SPEAK SPANISH, RUSSIAN, AND PORTUGUESE FOR THE LOW LOW PRICE OF YOUR SELF-ESTEEM AND FAITH IN OTHERS GET THIS FREE AS HECK GAME
game-hours: 1659.4
review: CAN'T STOP PLAYING EVEN THOUGH I'M GETTING MY BUTT KICKED REALLY HARD PLZ SEND HELP
game-hours: 23.9
review: good game ;)
game-hours: 1032.8
review: I'm meat hooked to this game its amazing in other words fuq league
game-hours: 1343.3
review: ssss
game-hours: 2164.1
review: Dota 2 - Je to sraka ktor furt dodrbe jeden alebo dvaja idioti v teame,ale aj tak to hram. +Je to zadarmo hodina rutiny,nauite sa tam slova ako napr.putin,vodka, a plno alch uitonch slov ako napr.ebal som mamku a podobn.
game-hours: 1228.2
review: THE BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
game-hours: 365.5
review: Nice for competitive play. Need some patience, matches are long.
game-hours: 1893.5
review: good...
game-hours: 1104.4
review: GG
game-hours: 748.6
review: The remake of a popular mod that Valve eventually bought.... like CS or TF2. But that doesn't matter. What matters is that it's a full game of that map that you loved to play on WC3. Better graphics, smoother gameplay, easier matchmaking and items that customize your hero appearance, potrait even spell animations(that actually require money but you can get it by playing). As for gameplay it's much smoother that WC3 and has gorgeos graphics because it runs on a modified source engine. Easier to play, even easier to pick up for new players. And you'll play with people of your skill level. Items are easier to build. Heroes are very well balanced. There is no hero that excells in every area. And no single match is the same. Every match different strategy different heroes and different enemies. Only downside that i really care about is the community. People does not know how to put their language preferences on their native language or the language that they actually speak. Every game you have that 1 or 2 guys that doesn't understand anything you say. Or a bunch of russians that'll rage over every single small mistake you make. SEA NA EUwest EUeast servers are all full of Russians. Russians are everywhere except for the Russian server. And while i'll admit that there are some good Russians who speak english and actually communicates with their team and not yell  BLYAT through their mic, but they're not that common. Overall good game, very well balanced. I give Dota 2 9/10. Recommended game but beware of the russians..........or pinoys.........or brazillians(or so i've heard).
game-hours: 2025.2
review: Way beyond other games
game-hours: 158.6
review: .
game-hours: 3599.6
review: Awesome!!!!
game-hours: 3.6
review: Right. Firstly this game is a piece of . THERE'S ONLY ONE MAP!!!!???????? WHAT THE ?? its sooooooo stupid! urrr i hate it :( secondly THE GRAPHICS ARE TERRIBLE!!!! IT LOOKS LIKE ITS A REALLY  RIPOFF OF A MUCH OLDER AND BETTER (PROBABLY) GAME!!!! whats that about valve??? hmmmmm?????? also! the constant updates???!?!? LIKE SERIOUSLY,  OFF!! THIS GAME IS STEALING MY MONEY CAUSE ITS FREE TO PLAY SO YEA!!!  YOU STUPID FREE TO PLAY GAMES RUINIGNG THE GAMIUNG INDUSTRY!!! nahhh man dont play this piece of !! ALSOOOOO THE PEOPLE THAT PLAY THIS GAME ARE ABSOLUTE !!! theres this one guy known as 'ethildir!!!' HES A ING !!!! KILL ON SIGHT!! some ppl are even soooo stuuuuupid that they bloody well watch it instead of playing !!! what the  Gabe thats all your fault!!! C'mon people lets just play a really good MOBA like call of duty black ops two!!! it even has spy planes! that game is so in fun!!! ITS SO GOOD AND ITS ONLY 30 QUID!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 529.5
review: Let's not beat abut the bush, this has o story line, it's just random crap. I mean there's only one map? like what the  is up with that :O I mean some people are so stupid they don't even play it, they watch other people play it. And the graphics...let's just say the N64 has games with better graphics! All inall in it's a waste of your pc memory, and it has so many bloody update all the ing time! it's  just don't do it! IF YOU PLAY THIS GAME YOU ARE AN OXYGEN THIEF AND RUINING THE MEANING OF GAMING NOW GTFO WILST YOU STILL CAN!
game-hours: 1187.4
review: nice
game-hours: 3.1
review: really good game
game-hours: 3048.5
review: hype! 420 blaze the dote
game-hours: 604.1
review: dont be noob. dont play riki,viper,sniper,or drow if youre a little
game-hours: 1185.8
review: nice game!
game-hours: 12.9
review: There are absolutely not the amount of cats, I hoped for, but whatever, the game is alright, but it's no League Of Legends, so I'll give it 11/10, bout only 11, because it's not LoL D: Easy life, easy rares
game-hours: 4336.7
review: Good game
game-hours: 827.2
review: superb
game-hours: 1734.1
review: this game is great. A lot of variety in types of characters, and lots of gamemodes. the only down side is that there is only one map.
game-hours: 26.1
review: endless hours of fun online !
game-hours: 1593.3
review: Dota <3
game-hours: 1573.3
review: Giant spiders who will feast on your dead corpse? Check. Old baby Butterfly shooting bubbles? Affirmitive. Rats thwacking you with shovels, old spiky grandpa who beats you in sports, walking clock that interrups you in every conversation (not an actual clock) and <type in name> spirits? Why are you waiting? Srsly. 8/10 because  MM!!!
game-hours: 378.8
review: Dota is a great game with aspects of teamwork. Some people suck and not being able to play ranked matches forever sucks but the game is still great.
game-hours: 1278.5
review: My life disappeared into a beautiful abyss that is Dota 2. I look to the beautiful waifu, Windrunner, and I am happy.
game-hours: 859.9
review: GOOD GAME !
game-hours: 896.6
review: I play this game. It is fun.
game-hours: 1124.3
review: 10/10
game-hours: 910.9
review: asd asd asd
game-hours: 1452.7
review: good game for free time... except when losing... LOL...
game-hours: 1943.7
review: The best MOBA and RTS currently available.
game-hours: 577.3
review: this game sux
game-hours: 453.4
review: cool!
game-hours: 4494.9
review: nice to play
game-hours: 3211.7
review: This damn game, man. I swear... The voices in my head make me want to burn down my ISP's HQ building, and never let anyone experience the horrors of the DotA2 community. But damnit - addiction is addiction. 11/10 would ward again.
game-hours: 1371.7
review: simply materpiece game :O
game-hours: 1593.6
review: best game ever
game-hours: 200.7
review: Nice
game-hours: 2085.9
review: I'ts Dota2 *Plenk* !!!!!
game-hours: 788.0
review: it's a nice kind of strategy game
game-hours: 537.3
review: Best Game eu
game-hours: 947.5
review: This is ing Awesome!
game-hours: 3975.9
review: X e,
game-hours: 610.9
review: asas
game-hours: 3.0
review: Smite is better
game-hours: 2398.9
review: This game is awesome !!
game-hours: 1011.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 1993.3
review: If u want to compete in a fair battle with pure skill and no cash shop items interfering with your gameplay, then Dota 2 is the game you'er looking for.
game-hours: 926.4
review: The most fun you can have on a free game, bar none. The community is great (most of the time) and replayablity is endless. Just download it already!
game-hours: 343.0
review: I like that every game is different and challenging; however, people tend to take pub games too seriously.
game-hours: 2101.7
review: asd
game-hours: 1183.1
review: give my life back srsly !
game-hours: 71.7
review: Yea
game-hours: 731.5
review: i like heroes in this game. it's amazing, especially women heroes, so beautifull. But i dislike most is met with troll player make the game lose
game-hours: 2814.4
review: En iyisi!
game-hours: 5548.1
review: best game ever
game-hours: 2.2
review: It's ok. I prefer League of Legends though.
game-hours: 1096.7
review: Fun game, but people are super and unnecessarily rage-y... Beware the trolls. I will say, watching pro games is amazingly fun and interesting though!
game-hours: 1630.6
review: I have no idea what's goin' on right now.
game-hours: 1756.3
review: time killer achievement (y)
game-hours: 4048.1
review: One the best game created. A unique game which it is always under evolution, the the vast different styles you can approach the game makes it the best of its kind.I play this game for over 10 years and i still see the extreme possibilities.
game-hours: 3741.3
review: Interesting Game
game-hours: 5.9
review: I really found this game enjoyable, the thing I liked about this game is that its very easy to play but on the other hand, its challenging.
game-hours: 614.4
review: It's Dota, get it, play it, love it, live it.
game-hours: 2517.4
review: I began playing Dota in early WC3 days. Ever since starting the Dota 2 Beta, Steam and Valve have been making Dota 2 more exciting, challenging and innovative. Watching and playing Dota are better than ever. This should definitely be the flagship for playing a MOBA or any real computer game.
game-hours: 778.0
review: Addicting Game
game-hours: 2627.2
review: i say only stop feed game is best ! 100/100 rate
game-hours: 1605.2
review: Most addictive competivite strategy game out there. Love what they've done in terms of updating DOTA to a more modern, smoother feeling game.
game-hours: 1600.3
review: Good game for community
game-hours: 790.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 1323.9
review: Game is great. Highly recommend it.
game-hours: 955.2
review: 700+ Hours on this game and going strong!
game-hours: 277.5
review: Originally a Warcraft 3 mod, this highly influential arena style game has inspired many spin offs including the acclaimed League of Legends. Unlike League of Legends however, you can control all 112 heroes when you buy the game, and there is no "pay to win" features at all; all bonus items are purely cosmetic and for fun. The community can even create content that can be acquired in game! The only shortcoming to DotA is that it will be a little more difficult to pick up compared to League of Legends. Given the chance however, DotA2 will prove to be a much more balanced and skill-oriented experience, with meaningful item and ability selection and a more dynamic gold farming game which both provide superior short and long term strategic gameplay. Try the one that started it all, you won't be disappointed!
game-hours: 622.5
review: Love and hate. Rewarding to see the sum of your actions result in a win. Crushing when they don't matter or aren't good enough. Only played WoW for more hours than this game. Has enough variety, depth, and room to improve your skill that it goes on forever.
game-hours: 3311.4
review: Best 'How I Met Your Russia' simulator. 11/10 would play again.
game-hours: 739.1
review: Still better than League of Legends.
game-hours: 669.0
review: Great game for being free. Extremely addicting. You have been warned
game-hours: 2.6
review: I love this game..^^..
game-hours: 1448.6
review: good good good game, my favorite game
game-hours: 1.3
review: Fun game
game-hours: 2269.0
review: game is beatyful. A lot of funny moment when u and ur friends can
game-hours: 2579.4
review: Best game ever. If you liked dota, you will like this too.
game-hours: 1564.1
review: dondo
game-hours: 1163.4
review: Best MOBA ever :D
game-hours: 2035.5
review: this is the most exciting game ever!
game-hours: 1243.1
review: Do you want to get so angry you'll storm out of your house and swear you'll never play video games again, but develop an addiction so powerful you won't be able to resist coming back in 5 minutes to keep on chasing the high a win gives you? Do you want to develop an irrational hatred of Russians, and Peruvians so strong that if you ever encountered one on the street you would punch them in the face without another thought? Then this game is for you.
game-hours: 1817.0
review: Very good game !! you can meet pro gamer around world. so interesting game.
game-hours: 1895.8
review: Nice game everything is great, i enjoy this game but the communication between team really so bad, still love it
game-hours: 1246.8
review: Not enough dragon shouting 10/01
game-hours: 3292.3
review: review review review for a badge u didst think i wouldnst
game-hours: 388.3
review: Game of the Year, All Years.
game-hours: 1249.8
review: Awesome!!!
game-hours: 3077.0
review: aaa
game-hours: 1896.5
review: good game
game-hours: 427.2
review: Fun game to play based on the original WC3 "Mod". Community can be a bit tough, though. Depending on who you play with you either play your char wrong (there is no such thing as different play styles in some peoples opinion) or you suck. Compliments are pretty scarce in the community but nethertheless its a blast to play it with friends
game-hours: 2576.7
review: aaaa
game-hours: 408.3
review: Ahhhhhhhmm oonga
game-hours: 3304.6
review: Youll need knowledge, skill, and a smidge of spider-sense. Friends to learn with are a must, and dont be deceived by the lack of a pricetag: Dota 2 will cost you hundreds of hours.
game-hours: 3.8
review: If you play League Of Legends u suck If you play Dota you are a MLG gamer
game-hours: 1060.3
review: Nice Game (y) i love it
game-hours: 2560.9
review: Best game. Get it. Leads to no life, don't worry singsing will carry you.
game-hours: 467.0
review: DOTA II has clearer and better graphics and game features such as hotkeys which we can edit by ourselves in the options. DOTA II has become even better, every hero has been modified and drawn according to their side perfectly and in 3D like movements and animations. I recommend this game to all old DOTA players so that they may improve much more and get the chance to enter tournaments and leagues.
game-hours: 1077.0
review: epic game
game-hours: 632.5
review: :)
game-hours: 2173.6
review: brety gud
game-hours: 244.1
review: very nice game! . .
game-hours: 1919.9
review: The greatest multiplayer game ever created gets a visual and mechanical overhaul by the greatest game developer on earth. The result is obvious.
game-hours: 133.4
review: Easy to understand MOBA with (some) easy to learn controls. Great gameplay with cool graphics. Online gameplay tends to lag sometimes but despite that its a cool and fun game to play with friends. 8.75/10 2 out of every 10 cats prefer dog food.
game-hours: 2282.6
review: What does a hero truly need?! Hah, good game! :D
game-hours: 737.1
review: great game
game-hours: 1290.4
review: DotA is Life, DotA is love
game-hours: 85.5
review: awsome
game-hours: 363.1
review: addictive game me noob in it :(
game-hours: 676.8
review: play
game-hours: 591.4
review: fantastic game ever.
game-hours: 474.3
review: good game
game-hours: 546.5
review: i remember this game that change my life
game-hours: 539.2
review: Fun addictive game, make sure you learn russian before you start.
game-hours: 118.0
review: Hahahahahahaha
game-hours: 852.8
review: Awesome game, great gameplay with friends and a lot of fun.
game-hours: 306.4
review: Play this to lead a good health...
game-hours: 4149.4
review: :D
game-hours: 2232.4
review: Just play and get addicted! A little hard to learn at start but when you get used to it, this game rocks your life.
game-hours: 4325.9
review: Dota Is good .. akan menjadi game seumur hidup w .. join me :D
game-hours: 2075.5
review: this game very interesting, many shortcut to help and control skill or item.
game-hours: 843.1
review: BEST GAME EVER!!!!!
game-hours: 3651.1
review: Good!
game-hours: 1076.2
review: dota is love <3
game-hours: 1024.1
review: Good Game Well Played.
game-hours: 2075.4
review: Easy to play hard to master. That's the fun part.
game-hours: 1598.7
review: A very nice game
game-hours: 104.7
review: This game was so awesome! Better play it with Friends
game-hours: 1468.9
review: DOTA 2 IS AWESOME!
game-hours: 3076.5
review: yes
game-hours: 285.7
review: can you teach how to play this DOta2?
game-hours: 423.3
review: I play this game with my PC and Mouse and Keyboard and it's working
game-hours: 2268.1
review: good game
game-hours: 995.5
review: No other games matter.
game-hours: 234.8
review: good
game-hours: 3280.2
review: best game ever!
game-hours: 18.7
review: Coolio!
game-hours: 950.3
review: i like this game
game-hours: 1359.0
review: govno ebanoye
game-hours: 1521.6
review: A single word. Amazing!
game-hours: 3429.3
review: More of a lifestyle than a game.
game-hours: 1638.5
review: If you're not used to playing MOBA games this will be a difficult game to get into and if you try playing it you most likely will have no ing clue what you're doing. Dota 2 is by far the best MOBA game in my opinion and will always be a whole league above LoL and others. You can get bored of this game but trust me in time you will be back. 10/10 best time consumer out there, would waste time again.
game-hours: 1225.2
review: nice
game-hours: 1839.5
review: Best RTS game out there IMO. Simply fantastic.
game-hours: 1740.9
review: the only game i play,,, the best game ever in the world
game-hours: 0.9
review: very good much cheap WOW
game-hours: 2869.1
review: THE ROLLER COASTER OF EMOTIONS
game-hours: 89.0
review: Super addicting while still being fun!
game-hours: 1663.1
review: One love!
game-hours: 358.2
review: aso wejy neice
game-hours: 759.7
review: This is an amazing game frequently updated with good graphics and new heroes every month
game-hours: 798.6
review: this game is number 1
game-hours: 1550.8
review: MUST PLAY!!!!!
game-hours: 2557.3
review: NICE GAME
game-hours: 2664.6
review: utterly awesome. this game is my relaxation, period. ^^,
game-hours: 3.6
review: I joined an english server and got kicked. 10/10
game-hours: 1010.8
review: opo iki
game-hours: 1613.6
review: Amazing game that I have been playiong for more then 10 years. Hard to learn, but great to play 9/10
game-hours: 1350.3
review: a nice game...totally nailed it volvo
game-hours: 686.0
review: You can just give up on society and play this game througout your lifetime. Not literally :) Nice Game
game-hours: 63.8
review: If you don't have this, then you aren't using Steam correctly.
game-hours: 96.5
review: Always fun and action packed. Best played with atleast 1 friend, preferrably with a full 5man team
game-hours: 2178.4
review: Good multiplayer game Kill ur time!!
game-hours: 190.4
review: Its gud
game-hours: 441.5
review: One of the best games for free short-term strategy games. Every game will be different, because every person, character, strategy will be different. Highly recommended. ENJOY!
game-hours: 318.8
review: sweet game
game-hours: 882.8
review: Like complicated MOBAs? Need a game to make you ragequit on life? Want people yelling at you constantly teaching you Russian, Spanish, or various Asian languages? Just kick back with friends and destroy the competition or utterly fail and laugh your asses off~ Here's the game that packs it all together and completely ruins your life! 11/10
game-hours: 2450.9
review: Good game if you want to have something to hate.
game-hours: 3858.8
review: better than lol .
game-hours: 2003.5
review: Addicting game! D:
game-hours: 2049.3
review: Some Russian Reported me for being Estonian. 10 vodka /10
game-hours: 2165.6
review: definitely a better game than 'League of Legends'. Requires a lot more skill that 'League of legends' and is not as noob friendly as LoL!
game-hours: 217.9
review: Not enough Draven. Needs more Draven. Officer Booty is not Reporting for Duty on Dota 2 because NO DRAVEN. -9000/10 would play
game-hours: 1722.8
review: Its amazing <3
game-hours: 2901.1
review: its the best game ever.
game-hours: 833.3
review: i like this game
game-hours: 89.0
review: Its just Awsome...!!!!!!!
game-hours: 917.3
review: Just Game is Awsome !!
game-hours: 90.5
review: Dota 2 yeahh!!
game-hours: 2117.6
review: Yes
game-hours: 3390.7
review: I have been playing this game for at least 4 years now and it always is still fun to play! In other words, BEST GAME EVA!
game-hours: 1175.3
review: SO GOOOD
game-hours: 526.9
review: NICE!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1546.7
review: Simply irresistible and addictive as hell.
game-hours: 1031.4
review: best game
game-hours: 1598.8
review: Best way to learn Russian ever. Very fun game to play with friends except when you play against OP heros which is always.
game-hours: 517.2
review: nice game and cool graphics =DD more power vavle
game-hours: 939.4
review: nice game with hundred strategy :D
game-hours: 519.0
review: like
game-hours: 581.8
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 965.1
review: The best game ever
game-hours: 3055.1
review: Best game since icefrog join with valve
game-hours: 9.2
review: dota was very good game
game-hours: 23.9
review: This game will take a while for newbies to learn, but when you do learn it's an awesome strategy game.
game-hours: 4516.6
review: This game is very fun! It helps me forget my problems.. Playing this game let you gain friends...
game-hours: 707.9
review: ok
game-hours: 1590.3
review: best game ever.
game-hours: 754.7
review: yeah
game-hours: 1868.8
review: massive MOB gone full of  lately..matching making sucks a bit in Ranked matches..BUT THE GAME IS TOO OP TO CONCERN ABOUT IT..
game-hours: 1450.2
review: asdf
game-hours: 804.6
review: Good GAMES :)
game-hours: 1657.2
review: ggwp
game-hours: 4488.7
review: Dota 2 , where teamwork is laughable and everyone is Pinoys . 10/10
game-hours: 847.7
review: Fantastic Moba, my favourite, and perfect F2P model, you have full access to the game, the cash shop is only for cosmetic items. It has frequent meaningful updates and it's the most balanced MOBA I've played, not to mention the graphics are good and it's engine is very tweak-able, meaning you're going to be able to play the game on older systems, it runs on Linux too.
game-hours: 1463.7
review: ;)
game-hours: 987.7
review: ADDICTIVE
game-hours: 369.6
review: sometime i die a lot :P....btw its fun
game-hours: 759.4
review: Better graphics than DOTA1, I highly recommend this game to everyone!
game-hours: 270.4
review: Peoples But cool Lives LoL!! -_- :D
game-hours: 1243.0
review: This game is really enjoyable. Please read some guides on the web and understand the concept of the game. If you can do that and walk in with an open mind, this game will suck you in. All the different available characters make it interesting. This game requires communication and team-play. Enjoy!
game-hours: 248.1
review: Best MOBA evah
game-hours: 1103.2
review: nice dota
game-hours: 2033.5
review: cool game
game-hours: 935.2
review: The best game ever :D
game-hours: 2296.3
review: Mid or feed
game-hours: 6886.0
review: With the right attitude you can do anything!
game-hours: 889.2
review: nicee
game-hours: 345.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 354.9
review: A nice game to play with friends
game-hours: 1004.3
review: IF THIS GAME COMES NEAR ME ONE MORE TIME I AM GONNA SCREAM. TIME? ... EATEN. MONEY? ... EATEN. COMPASSION TOWARDS NOOBS? ... DEMOLISHED. GG, REPORT MID, EZ, .I.
game-hours: 1785.4
review: nice
game-hours: 1209.5
review: This game taught me Russian and Spanish! Highly recommended, best language learning software around!
game-hours: 3312.1
review: Countless hours of rage, exhilaration, and fun. Ruins friendships and relationships. But worth every minute and dollar.
game-hours: 1679.1
review: best game ever,never got boring when i played this game
game-hours: 784.0
review: Dota2 is love, Dota2 is life. 10/10, would recommend.
game-hours: 273.8
review: very goood game
game-hours: 250.0
review: More addicting than cocaine
game-hours: 16.7
review: i love this game
game-hours: 1320.6
review: (y)
game-hours: 3613.6
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 980.9
review: ITS A NICE GAME TO IMPROVE YOUR SKILLS IN STRATEGY, DECISSION MAKING AND QUICK MIND SET
game-hours: 439.6
review: I rip my  off every time I play this game. 10/10
game-hours: 1942.1
review: :D
game-hours: 765.0
review: good
game-hours: 887.6
review: good
game-hours: 1919.4
review: DOTA for life
game-hours: 3456.7
review: This game sucks 'cause it'll steal all your time. 10/10 would always play. Forever.
game-hours: 3396.0
review: too many pro gamers, such hs :C exactly im too low
game-hours: 1841.2
review: Simply the best game ever created on planet earth.
game-hours: 600.3
review: The best, worst game ever. You will hate yourself for playing it, and hate yourself for not playing it.
game-hours: 843.8
review: Destroyed my life. 10/10
game-hours: 1225.4
review: shoot arrow hit arrow. holla holla get dolla.
game-hours: 2391.2
review: Best Game :)
game-hours: 1707.9
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 1885.2
review: it's free...
game-hours: 1559.0
review: best gane i've ever played
game-hours: 910.0
review: Great game with bad finding match!
game-hours: 1911.1
review: NICE
game-hours: 3542.3
review: Close to a 1000 hours in, and still having a awesome time!
game-hours: 2344.9
review: .....
game-hours: 2420.0
review: Great game. F++k phantom lancer.-
game-hours: 2553.4
review: omg like so freakin fun! minus the mexicans and russians
game-hours: 1210.6
review: dota2is
game-hours: 2036.3
review: What is Dota 2?
game-hours: 505.5
review: Its Very Fun to Play
game-hours: 485.6
review: super game
game-hours: 432.5
review: Dota 2 is incredible, amazing, and interesting games. I love this game.
game-hours: 1029.3
review: hello my name is mutant hi
game-hours: 558.7
review: this is a awesome game!!.. i love to play it all day =)
game-hours: 959.7
review: best game in my life
game-hours: 104.2
review: like this game
game-hours: 2463.9
review: If you'll play this gaem, you will never find daylight again. Except if you go out but, i doubt it.
game-hours: 218.0
review: This game is very ,very good DOTA 2 FOREVER !!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 813.7
review: Mi juego favorito, aunque estresante a veces xD
game-hours: 3397.5
review: The new UI is nice and DOTA 2 is just well DOTA 2 can't complain about it , still missing a few heroes but hey wth, ITS DOTA GET ON WITH IT :D
game-hours: 26.7
review: Don't play this! Never! It's the worst kind of drug. You won't be able to stop. Just stay away from this game and save your live.
game-hours: 990.5
review: I played it.
game-hours: 126.9
review: This game is awsome. Definatley the hardest MoBa I have ever played. The champian abilities are very unforgiving. A lage perk for this game is complete access to all the champians. winning in this game is very satisfying. All and all I give it a solid 9/10 for mobas.
game-hours: 1007.8
review: best game
game-hours: 1341.4
review: Rosheda pvt!!1
game-hours: 1119.8
review: great mp game, but first, learn HOW to play if u dont want everybody to jump on you
game-hours: 1157.6
review: GG
game-hours: 765.4
review: its very good game
game-hours: 1215.7
review: It's a nice game which need skills and community.
game-hours: 2402.6
review: Beaners goodnight. 10/10 Would Genocide
game-hours: 171.4
review: Russians
game-hours: 305.2
review: one of my favourite
game-hours: 2980.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 2938.2
review: 1/11/2012 Accepted to DOTA 2 Beta. *Poops pants with happy*
game-hours: 2069.1
review: I can't feel my legs.
game-hours: 45.5
review: I guess......
game-hours: 1002.0
review: Dota 2 is a masterpiece of competitive gaming. Endlessly replayable due to its incredible depth, the game truly never gets old. Continuous support ensures that the game never gets stale, with a constantly changing meta. Dota 2 has a steep learning curve, but once you find your way, there is no other game like it. Few games are as painful to lose, but inversely, as satisfying to win, as Dota 2. Unparalled strategic and mechanical depth ensure that no player will ever be as good as they can be in any one game, yet it is incredibly satisfying to strive for perfection through continued play. Strategy is deeply involved before you even "begin" the game, with hero selection, all the way through to the end of the match. Certain heroes work particularly well against others, are weak to others, and coordinate exceptionally with others. This is due to the array of unique abilities that each hero possesses, and the role they fill on their team. Once the game begins, players must coordinate with their team members in order to play most effectively. This is done in combat, as well as in what item purchases players decide to make. Strategy is extensively involved in item purchases, combat, and positioning. Players must constantly react to the game in order to play effectively, and since no game is ever the same, the experience is always different, making each game a fresh experience, and one that I will continue to enjoy for as long as I can foresee.
game-hours: 1313.1
review: gg Fagooots
game-hours: 1091.1
review: DotA 2 in a nutshell Russian Teammates = Instant lose Russian Enemy = Instant win
game-hours: 1192.3
review: smells good
game-hours: 81.9
review: Brilliant but very addictive game. Be warned!
game-hours: 2892.8
review: PRO GAME
game-hours: 4726.9
review: Eat, Sleep, Dota, Repeat.
game-hours: 7.7
review: no
game-hours: 1757.6
review: It's like DoTA 1 but ... better and more valve.
game-hours: 2809.5
review: 2 fun 4 you
game-hours: 5329.1
review: trash
game-hours: 2773.8
review: ....
game-hours: 1367.8
review: Very recommended game
game-hours: 354.6
review: Want to have a pumped muscles specifically at your index finger? Or do you want to sometimes get cancer from your teammates? Or do you want to rage on mis-clicking? THIS GAME IS FOR YOU!!
game-hours: 871.3
review: nice 2
game-hours: 3102.1
review: I love this game.Its really nice.
game-hours: 625.3
review: Better than League
game-hours: 553.1
review: good
game-hours: 954.6
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 902.2
review: goodgame
game-hours: 1641.8
review: good !
game-hours: 13.5
review: great game, classic type.
game-hours: 4522.0
review: BEST GAME!!!
game-hours: 376.1
review: teh best game hands down!
game-hours: 1918.8
review: Dota 2 is a nice game full of nice people...
game-hours: 1863.0
review: wonderful
game-hours: 379.0
review: this is a very good, challenging game, that need a team of 5 specialists to play, really amazing game
game-hours: 405.0
review: THis the best game i ever played
game-hours: 1205.4
review: Do you like Russians? GREAT NEWS! This game is PRIMARILY RUSSIANS! Do you enjoy being called "" and "blyad" by angry Russians? PERFECT! Do you like losing the game because of said Russians who subsequently blame you? THIS GAME IS FOR YOU! but rele is life
game-hours: 1160.1
review: May cause mental as well as physiological addiction. Play at your own risk. 10/10 would recommend
game-hours: 1064.8
review: Great game, awful community mightbe even worse.
game-hours: 64.4
review: The best moba I have ever played.
game-hours: 237.9
review: meh
game-hours: 1745.5
review: the best ever !!!
game-hours: 1132.5
review: This game taught me to hate myself. Brilliant 9/5.
game-hours: 3006.8
review: (Y)
game-hours: 1935.7
review: best game ever!
game-hours: 1406.7
review: Ahhh DotA, the community where Russians are , anyone who speaks another language is abused and if you die a couple of times you get abused and reported. 10/10 great game. Ruined my life and friendships.
game-hours: 745.5
review: Unstopable !!
game-hours: 2637.6
review: Best Russian language developer
game-hours: 80.2
review: Doto like dondo such game!
game-hours: 1481.5
review: Fun game.
game-hours: 815.9
review: hmmmm
game-hours: 731.0
review: Best MOBA Game Ever... I'm addicted to this... HFGL all
game-hours: 150.7
review: I love this game...
game-hours: 1941.4
review: Dota is life.
game-hours: 1708.0
review: This game will make you use all the words in the world. Aka - Abuse, Swearing and Racism
game-hours: 1071.5
review: Great game! 10/10
game-hours: 802.9
review: NICE GAME>> EVER
game-hours: 1889.1
review: adjusting to the game
game-hours: 418.3
review: i like this game but many players are bullying!
game-hours: 651.5
review: Excellent game
game-hours: 2492.7
review: 1 of the best games played soo far...damn popular,addictive & arguably the best multiplayer online game of our time...kudos
game-hours: 679.6
review: I've tried out every MOBA, but I always come back to this one. It is hard at first but usually if you stay away from matchmaking and stick with co-op bots people will generally help you. Once you start learning how to farm effectively and deny the game starts getting a lot more fun, but like most people say no matter what you do there will always be Russians in a few of your games. Sometimes they will be nice and friendly but usually I wind up muting them. Won't change my love for this game though.
game-hours: 1562.2
review: Come and play with me !
game-hours: 577.7
review: this game holy  its so hard and IMBA
game-hours: 3196.8
review: DONT PLAY THIS GAME
game-hours: 1947.0
review: nice
game-hours: 1882.8
review: ^_^
game-hours: 404.0
review: Best game ever...
game-hours: 1455.2
review: DONT PLAY, ADDICTING
game-hours: 821.5
review: It is a game you can play it. YAY!
game-hours: 556.6
review: Oo0o0o Yea!
game-hours: 154.0
review: Awesome moba
game-hours: 1183.7
review: Had a blast in this game
game-hours: 1673.2
review: Fun
game-hours: 205.4
review: awww yisss. :D
game-hours: 1162.4
review: Great
game-hours: 39.7
review: rly good
game-hours: 3032.0
review: 11/10 if you want to waste time! Good game
game-hours: 1787.5
review: Will never surpass Warcraft 3
game-hours: 1627.8
review: this game is a good and friendly game thanks for free to play
game-hours: 2173.6
review: werwerwer
game-hours: 2802.6
review: aw yea. good game indeed.
game-hours: 2095.4
review: :)
game-hours: 1850.2
review: Play it all time
game-hours: 1617.2
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1573.3
review: DotA2 Best Game In The World , thx Valve
game-hours: 1685.9
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1994.4
review: My all time favorite game in steam and having fun collecting items in dota 2 wishing i can have those expensive items
game-hours: 596.3
review: Great game which teaches you patience
game-hours: 989.9
review: 10/10
game-hours: 747.4
review: I now speak fluent Russian 11/10 would recommend to people wanting to learn Russian.
game-hours: 1119.4
review: brill
game-hours: 1910.8
review: It is a game played on a single map, but it somehow never ends. Dota 2 is the game.
game-hours: 3043.5
review: MEEEEEEEATJKE
game-hours: 23.6
review: Nice game
game-hours: 169.5
review: nice
game-hours: 2002.3
review: wohaha
game-hours: 1055.7
review: Great Game
game-hours: 8964.2
review: Nearly 8,000 hours played...the game is a must have.
game-hours: 2612.3
review: this is in' awesome game!
game-hours: 1518.3
review: best game ever there always pinoy and russian ruin the game party with your friends or you gonna get report from them with no reasons 100/10
game-hours: 28.5
review: this game ing sucks
game-hours: 2030.0
review: Cool game!!
game-hours: 1008.5
review: seems legit, addicted
game-hours: 2017.8
review: I love digital sports.
game-hours: 2012.8
review: good
game-hours: 0.8
review: This  is so addictive ... DOTA rulez
game-hours: 4947.3
review: !
game-hours: 426.8
review: Dota > lol > others :)
game-hours: 337.1
review: Defense of the Ancients 2 - known more colloquially as DotA 2 - is a masterpiece of modern video game design. Harkening back to the age-old StarCraft 1 custom map Aeon of Strife, DotA 2 nearly perfects the elements introduce in that original mod. The mechanics and gameplay are ageless, simple in their implementation and flawless in their execution. Everything about Dota 2 is a triumph of engineering - the individual Heroes have fantastic character designs, both thematically and mechanically, and the game is perfectly balanced around its seemingly lack of scaling and at times stagnant nature. It is a game where Levels and Planning take precedent over Gold Advantage and Items, and teamwork is a union - a celebration, even - of independent player skill. This variety of complex mechanics, themes, and interactions that coalesce into a truly unique experience. I recall the time I forgot to Ward bot rune, and when mid lost Illusion to a Pudge from top lane, I was only blamed four times, as opposed to dozens in other, similar competing games. This unparalelled level of community benevolence and powerful inclination towards skillful play make DotA 2 the best game on the market, if not all of Human History. Four hundred years from now, when the Paragon Hyperscholars are uploading DigiEdu to the modbrains of the Neo Bourgeoisie, Dota 2 will forever be imbedded in the SiliconCortex as the zenith of PreHuman ingenuity. 0/10 it sucks
game-hours: 659.7
review: i gasmed
game-hours: 301.9
review: wow
game-hours: 97.6
review: I LOVE DOTA 2 because the unique blend of online RTS and RPG action that has made Dota popular with tens of millions of gamers and expand upon it in every way.
game-hours: 406.3
review: (y)
game-hours: 1136.9
review: Roughest community and steepest learning curve, other then that it's a great game that is constantly evolving.
game-hours: 1967.1
review: The best game i ever played ;-)
game-hours: 2264.7
review: good and nice game
game-hours: 996.3
review: Better then League Of Legend. (If you understanding rules).
game-hours: 436.7
review: Dota 2 has been the best game of my life.Its gameplay and graphics are spectacular.I've played many games in my life.But DOTA 2 has been the best of all.Its addictive and fun to play and once u start playing this game u will not stop!:).Well for me DOTA 2 rocks and playing this game is very awesome.I will never stop playing this game.Its creative and u have to do anything to get in the line.:)
game-hours: 1770.3
review: Addicted one. Drug
game-hours: 1510.6
review: A really addictive game. Playing with bots will easily bore you but when you start playing with other players on different parts of the world, the game starts to shine.
game-hours: 2471.0
review: I can safely say that the more I play the game and more I , I get more and more axaxax as invoker the more love it. Comment me     .
game-hours: 1380.3
review: I met my Russian mail-order bride while playing this game. 10/10 would buy again.
game-hours: 1625.0
review: bel gioco da provare
game-hours: 0.7
review: game ever
game-hours: 76.3
review: ^^
game-hours: 1882.4
review: nice
game-hours: 65.7
review: nice!
game-hours: 1347.8
review: best game
game-hours: 3784.1
review: It's like live action 3'rd person multiplayer chess with wizards.
game-hours: 33.5
review: NICE
game-hours: 3444.8
review: One of the best games you can play, if you like it competitive, online, challenging and complex, it is the right game for you. 2k hours and I still learn new things and it doesn't get boring.
game-hours: 772.8
review: A really good game if you're a good teamplayer.
game-hours: 230.5
review: nice
game-hours: 1299.4
review: Great game, nuh said!
game-hours: 2265.5
review: Best game ever, challenging and demands time to handle
game-hours: 2529.6
review: This Game Just Ruined My Life....... I <3 it !!! :D
game-hours: 674.2
review: disco disco good good
game-hours: 960.9
review: basically life ruining. 10/10
game-hours: 1123.9
review: i love this game ^_^
game-hours: 548.3
review: I love dota2 so much
game-hours: 1763.8
review: Supper Addicted to this game.. prepare your money to get the best appereance in this "in game play"
game-hours: 1052.9
review: Great brawler game with exceptional depth to it. Would recommend new players to start against bots or with friends though! Gather 4 friends of yours and you'll have an interresting teamplay unlike any game I've played so far!
game-hours: 300.8
review: Vicio demais, apenas uma partida e j era sua vida inteira..
game-hours: 34.4
review: League of Legends is hella better, dawg. 10/10
game-hours: 505.8
review: Definitely worth the time to learn the game, they don't say good things come easy. Bigger reward means bigger pay off!
game-hours: 761.3
review: great game, terrible matchmaking 9/10 not bad
game-hours: 369.2
review: dasasjkfslghdulfs vkasygdbvagy?
game-hours: 444.7
review: Good Game :)
game-hours: 0.1
review: Love it or Hate it. Pick a side.
game-hours: 2437.5
review: Play it.
game-hours: 2699.5
review: VERY GOOD GAME. IM ADDICTED ON THIS GAME
game-hours: 1251.7
review: Dank as foook
game-hours: 335.1
review: Definitely a good old game made brand new with style. Try it!
game-hours: 924.6
review: Current players: 703,422. The most played game in Steam, with the peak record of 824,827 players today. Awesome graphics. Free access. Frequent updates to solve any issue found on the game and bring new features to its players. Surprising in-game events during festival. Inspiring game who brings player all around the world together for an international tournament. Many even make it as a career by playing it. What more can I say about it? This is the most ideal 5v5-multiplayer and strategy game you'll ever need in Steam. Join Dota 2 now and you'll know.
game-hours: 2784.3
review: In DotA 2, You got only 2 choices: Win as a hero or Lose as a coward.
game-hours: 1101.9
review: +1000000 nice game
game-hours: 5.7
review: Currently the one and only, the best of the best, the greatest since we discovered Dota, ladies and gentlemen, I present to you, DOTA 2! Best Moba game up to date.
game-hours: 148.7
review: nice game=)
game-hours: 2853.4
review: Best Game ever!
game-hours: 3455.9
review: there is a learning cliff to this game like no other
game-hours: 1347.2
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 1310.7
review: Never play it
game-hours: 1861.6
review: Bawzz game
game-hours: 972.5
review: this is the best game of the world
game-hours: 1562.2
review: love the game
game-hours: 2235.3
review: avsdfgsdkgfsdhvsha;nlfv
game-hours: 2825.0
review: ;)
game-hours: 883.3
review: Gaben made me do it.
game-hours: 1316.0
review: ^^
game-hours: 274.8
review: 777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777
game-hours: 1342.0
review: Form dota to dota 2 a very nice game enjoy with frenz
game-hours: 2771.9
review: Be prepared to lose all your time and only talk about the game 10/10
game-hours: 1429.5
review: Great!
game-hours: 2948.0
review: give it a try
game-hours: 1282.3
review: very interesting game, expecially when you play it with ur friend, well done valve, you guys dota game more wonderful
game-hours: 1706.2
review: great game never know you can play so much intense game
game-hours: 2919.7
review: Nice!
game-hours: 2767.6
review: wow very game much nice such heroes
game-hours: 2982.6
review: I could have a girlfriend or a job, but instead I can curse in Russian.
game-hours: 551.6
review: GOOD Games Of The Every year!!!!
game-hours: 3231.4
review: !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 388.4
review: I really like how Dota 2 is getting the "Free to Play" Model right.
game-hours: 2815.9
review: Good game, it will make you addicted
game-hours: 1846.3
review: Toxic ranked match making. 10/10 would queue again.
game-hours: 2379.7
review: good
game-hours: 1759.2
review: I don't want to play this game anymore ;-;
game-hours: 1238.9
review: .
game-hours: 2283.6
review: it is okee
game-hours: 2270.2
review: This is the !
game-hours: 2660.0
review: . 10/10 would report u for feed again. I think this game has made me partially more russian. I can understand a lot of russian as well as spanish and i can read chinese like no other. I call this path in dota... The  Blyat technique. You gather as much knowledge of the three languages then proceed to say 4 things. "omg mid  blyat" I have 100% win rate with this technique. If you liked political simulator ur going to love this game
game-hours: 4116.8
review: Awesome + Free to play ;)
game-hours: 1660.4
review: Dota Dota Dota
game-hours: 3652.7
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 1415.2
review: ResidentSleeper
game-hours: 7.8
review: great game to play :)))
game-hours: 1300.1
review: This game is just like league of legends! Great!
game-hours: 1689.4
review: best game ever!! thumbs up ^^
game-hours: 1071.1
review: Awsome
game-hours: 1212.6
review: Ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 2598.8
review: ez katka
game-hours: 2147.6
review: This game stole my life. 10/10
game-hours: 1078.1
review: Initially, I really dont know about this moba game even in the previous form (dota 1), but when my friend played this game in my house, I became interested with this game so I download it my self and started to play it. You know what? Now I got addicted in this game. Lol *BTW I wrote this review in order to complete my badges LOL
game-hours: 3740.1
review: Nice game ever
game-hours: 266.7
review: great game but its lag in my country lol
game-hours: 937.1
review: Come and Try :D
game-hours: 1032.5
review: It connects people all over the world...
game-hours: 547.7
review: Nice games i like it
game-hours: 2317.6
review: GGWP
game-hours: 1748.9
review: Never go wrong.
game-hours: 2171.3
review: gg
game-hours: 3314.9
review: Lots of fun, one of the best games for making and breaking friendships
game-hours: 307.9
review: Excellent game, but full of novelist who only type on chat and acting like a pro's
game-hours: 2151.3
review: great game , love it
game-hours: 1906.2
review: The true Dota game. What else?
game-hours: 574.4
review: My first time playing this kind of game. It's really fun. If you don't think you would like it, just give it a try.
game-hours: 127.2
review: ..         .. ,  .. #
game-hours: 15.5
review: Stick to League.
game-hours: 4640.6
review: Dota 2 is love, Dota 2 is life. If you want a mans game, this one is it.
game-hours: 33.9
review: Better than LoL
game-hours: 412.7
review: 9/10 would rage again
game-hours: 581.1
review: Moved over from LoL and couldn't be happier! Best MOBA to date! HIGHLY RECOMENDED!
game-hours: 240.3
review: good game
game-hours: 2917.0
review: #1
game-hours: 214.6
review: asdawdqweqwe
game-hours: 976.6
review: It's a pure pvp game (MOBA). Great to be played with friends. Strategy and teamwork is essential to winning. Huge amount of heroes for choosing, each with their own skills. I think it's more complex than lol, so more fun.
game-hours: 1037.1
review: Much Better than LOL
game-hours: 156.8
review: coor gaem
game-hours: 3533.2
review: You'll get hooked
game-hours: 986.3
review: 10/10 Would dota again
game-hours: 1181.8
review: russia
game-hours: 1492.0
review: Does this even need a review?
game-hours: 622.0
review: Recommended if you like raging at Peruvians
game-hours: 674.9
review: I love you, Dota
game-hours: 2221.9
review: Need to learn Spanish? Well here you go, even better than rosetta stone.
game-hours: 5932.6
review: cool story bro
game-hours: 692.6
review: Soul sapping game. Would play again.
game-hours: 897.2
review: A very fun game with a ridiculously good f2p model. (Basically, you can get any item you want through random drops, or from trading with other players.) It is a very complicated game however, much harder than it's counterpart League of Legends. Pros -Many heroes -All heroes are unlocked at the start -Very precise balancing -A lot of different strategies and ideas -Very large community (most popular game on Steam) -Very little issues, even on my barely-gaming rig Cons -complicated, and it takes a while to learn all the mechanics -tutorial can be a little vague or dense -One player can ruin a whole game (Inherent of all games in this genre) -Extremely hostile or crude community -Lacks any form on region lock, and the report system is barely functional This game functions very well, and truly deserves it's crown of the most popular game on steam. Long live Dota! 4.5/5 9/10
game-hours: 117.2
review: cosmetics
game-hours: 1896.6
review: nice
game-hours: 840.6
review: This game hurt me on the inside
game-hours: 1375.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 1784.5
review: good game to play with friend.
game-hours: 1.1
review: GOOD GAME!
game-hours: 1547.5
review: !
game-hours: 703.5
review: Big Fan, play too much, but I can't stop!
game-hours: 863.5
review: Hey it's fun! Coming from the guy who never played a MOBA before. Watch out for the community though, they'll gut you alive. Out of love.
game-hours: 1697.1
review: A fun and diverse game where the only drawback the high learning curve.
game-hours: 1582.9
review: I like it ,but sometimes i feel, it can cause an addicted to children. So for their parent must be guiding their children to more aware about a time to play a game.
game-hours: 295.4
review: Es una
game-hours: 790.1
review: This game is takeing over my life. 10/10
game-hours: 1014.6
review: This game is awsome, really people the trading and the updates and everything ever happened in this game is so fuuuuuun and amazingly cool! ENJOY!
game-hours: 14.7
review: Played so many Moba, this is still the best
game-hours: 1922.9
review: add some theme for dota plz
game-hours: 833.6
review: this game sucks, but is the best at the same time
game-hours: 723.7
review: Do Not Play. You will get addicted. :DDDDD
game-hours: 73.8
review: Best russian war simulator.
game-hours: 623.2
review: great game
game-hours: 106.8
review: This game will waste precious hours of your life while you never get better, only more bitter.
game-hours: 106.8
review: This game will waste precious hours of your life while you never get better, only more bitter.
game-hours: 1586.7
review: O_O
game-hours: 3142.3
review: try it, like it , and love it.
game-hours: 32.5
review: NOOB
game-hours: 6.3
review: After years of waiting, fans of the League of Legends franchise have finally gotten what they've been waiting for: League of Legends 3: The Fall of Demacia. In this thrilling conclusion to the loved League of Legends trilogy, Riot Games have yet again shaken the MOBA genre to its core. In this game, the player returns to playing in three dimensions, rather than two like in League of Legends 2. Throughout the game, Riot has expertly woven in FPS and RPG segments that add a change of pace to the player's adventure. As League of Legends 3: The fall of Demacia has simply too many new features to be covered in my lowly review, I highly recommend that the reader purchases this game. I give this game a 11.5/12.
game-hours: 267.1
review: yes! amazing
game-hours: 475.8
review: This is the game u'll never stop playing if u just try 1 time.
game-hours: 54.3
review: nice
game-hours: 29.8
review: go dota
game-hours: 1396.3
review: Play it!
game-hours: 23.8
review: MOBA....like my heart....
game-hours: 4368.5
review: I need lvl 3 steam profile, so I desided to make this review. Dota is compeletely competitive game, it builds on fun of playing with other players. Valve tried hard to make this game easy to learn, and they suceeded in many ways, but it's still hard to master. It is really nice experience to play it with your friends, but you should think twice, does it worth to spent all your spare time to one game, just to learn its basics? And later on, it will consume you compeltely.
game-hours: 332.7
review: bom
game-hours: 153.9
review: You should play this game if you are interested in Russian culture, hate teamwork and have grown bored with all your other interests and need one to replace them all. I cry myself to ash every night because of this game, I don't think I'll ever be able to love again
game-hours: 1105.1
review: This game is gamey
game-hours: 15.3
review: HUEHUEHUEHUE
game-hours: 2232.2
review: It's sucking away my life 10/10
game-hours: 2292.1
review: ruined my life 11\10
game-hours: 48.2
review: How to pull through
game-hours: 50.9
review: nice game :D
game-hours: 125.8
review: Holla Holla get Dolla
game-hours: 2015.5
review: good game, giff steam xp
game-hours: 1262.5
review: EL MAS TRUE!!!!
game-hours: 871.2
review: melhor moba inb4 haters
game-hours: 443.0
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 17.5
review: Thanks Obama. 0/10 cries for help
game-hours: 1702.6
review: goooddd
game-hours: 722.5
review: GOGO
game-hours: 378.5
review: Whats not to love
game-hours: 5353.8
review: The best game of its kind :3
game-hours: 664.7
review: <3
game-hours: 540.1
review: BOOM THIS GAME!
game-hours: 2231.9
review: Defense of the Ancients... 'Nuff said.
game-hours: 507.2
review: BEST GAME IN WORLD
game-hours: 542.9
review: This game is very well made and I love all the new characters, if valve would like some character ideas I would lik ethem to contact me. I am very creative and would like to help produce items in this game.
game-hours: 111.7
review: After playing many MOBAs, DOTA 2 continues to be the most polished option out there yet.
game-hours: 1110.8
review: Liked
game-hours: 265.1
review: its a fun and addictive game
game-hours: 1901.8
review: k.
game-hours: 454.8
review: Dota 2, or Defense of the Ancients 2 is a great free to play game, keeping real to the original mod of warcraft 3. Many people don't know the origins but this title began as a game-mod for warcraft 3. It was so intuitive and successful that it spawned an entire multiplayer online battle arena (or MOBA) genre. Basically, it is a game created, maintained, funded, promoted and played solely by gamers. To know that this formula has lead it into a limelight of success is a warm feeling to anyone involved. The support this game has received has been phenomenal, though the concept is fairly simple. Dota 2 is a professional game experience, much like a game of baseball or football. The stage is set in an online computer regulated fantasy battlefield arena which makes the action more interesting and the gameplay more fair. Players join together in groups of five to take on opponents casually with public matchmaking or by forming professional competitive teams. Each player picks from a rooster of 100+ heroes each with unique abilities and statistics. Players then battle on a field of war, where the two npc armies release waves of troops to engage each other. This is where the game refines itself, though the stage does not change each battle is unique and requires great concentration and mastery to defeat your enemy. To become successful does require a certain level of prowess, so it is recommended new players begin by trying out a couple hundred public matchmaking games. You might think I'm joking, but that is just the start of the journey. As you become more successful your rankings will increase, making you more attractive for recruiters. Unless you already have a team formed and have had previous competitive experience, you might not be immediately ready for high level gameplay. Do not be discouraged, however! The game is great about teaming you up with players of your own skill level. Because the game is team based by nature, it is natural to meet new friends online to play with. It is important to be courteous and not overly rude, because your reputation spreads. If you are friendly and assist your team-mates, they may grant you after battle accolades or want to become your friend. If you are rude and flaming, your team-mates will work against you or sometimes quit altogether. In your early stages it is important to be open and respectful. If you're not sure what to do don't be afraid to ask. The game features an awesome built in microphone system, so if you own the hardware talking to your opponents is as easy as a click. As you complete more battles you earn more rewards, experience, accolades and friends. Rewards include special items and equipment for your heroes. Special effects and modifications to the user interface and stage design. Custom load screens, custom courier graphics, custom animations and plenty of exclusives which can be bought and sold on the steam market! Probably the only downfall here is the high intensity and length these games operate on. It is not unusual for a good game to take hours to complete. Sometimes it can be really heart pounding when you have a close game and both teams are equally matched. The minions flood the screen and team battles clash on, eventually leading a single team to victory. Though the game lacks a lot of what a traditional game is expected to have it is still a full experience. Dota 2 has come a long way and its ambition as a flagship for competitive gamers is something to respect. Its an awesome experience to be part of. Having the full support of steam and by having content designed by the player base, we see a role for anyone who is not successful with the sometimes overly competitive aspect. Much of the reason the original defense of the ancients was successful was because the community had such a large input into the designs of the game. Often the developers recruited within the games player base or other well known modders to help design their masterpiece. Today's Dota 2 sees even larger support, having systems in place to collect almost all 3d model submissions. When new heroes are designed players are both testers and developers of expansion content. This experience makes you feel in touch with the game. Ultimately however, this game is for the players. Battles are tough and the more experienced you become the more difficult opponents you will become matched with. There comes a point where being matched against a fully microphoned team is going to become common. Because I have played this game for so long and know a lot about it, I am not immediately put off by this. However, be warned prolonged exposure to Dota 2 is definitely not a casual experience. Though I always recommend one conduct themselves in the best manor for an optimum experience, you will encounter those who do not agree with these principles. Dota 2 has become a source of income for some, so it is important to those individuals to never lose. If you dont really care if you win or lose and are just looking for a quick way to pass the time, this game can provide you and a group of friend tons of fun. If you are looking to follow the road of success, prepare for a difficult journey. I definitely recommend Dota 2 for all gamers that would call themselves competitive. It is simple, sleek and sexy. Highly appealing and easy to pick up. Best of all, free and highly compatible and supported. Link directly up to your steam account and find out which of your friends play already. You might be surprised! Spending money in this game almost always results in only ascetic changes. This game is definitely not a pay to win game! In fact, one might even generate your own steam dollars by selling the items won from this game! Download it today!
game-hours: 845.4
review: Great game, free to play, have a good time with ya mates and meet all kinds of people lol what more could ya ask for.
game-hours: 801.6
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 1159.0
review: Play this in game
game-hours: 3052.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 21.0
review: the best game ever
game-hours: 796.0
review: Best language learning tool ever, and its free!
game-hours: 3004.0
review: When you launch this game the first time, you'll be overwhelmed. You have to play at least 100 hours to be able to tell if you even really like the game or not, and the whole time you'll be ragged on and put down by a harsh, unforgiving community. But, if you pull through, you'll find yourself immersed in a rich, complex contest of strategy and skill. 10/10 will consume your life.
game-hours: 2547.8
review: So Good this dota 2 game.. I LIKE IT !!!
game-hours: 171.8
review: s
game-hours: 7.7
review: love
game-hours: 49.6
review: #love this game
game-hours: 1563.1
review: Best Game Ever...! ;)
game-hours: 875.8
review: gooddddd
game-hours: 2207.9
review: nice
game-hours: 1241.2
review: I started playing dota long ago and my life became progressively worse. I gained weight rapidly, I began isolating myself from social interactions and the little interactions I did participate in - I was very rude and racist towards anyone who even looked at me. Then I quit because reasons. Then my life started improving. I lost most of the weight I gained, I was dating, I got a nice job and I excelled in all my university classes. Then Dota2 came out. I was given a beta key and it sat in my steam inventory for many months taunting me. It's red glow symbolizing some deep-seated temptation that made me think of nefarious djinns of stories long forgotten. So inviting and so beautiful. But I knew it's secrets and I knew what those secrets did to me. But sadly even the strongest and tallest mountain will eventually fall and crumble to the gentle peppering of rain. After the five-hundreth (im lying, it was like 3 probs) demand that I start playing, my willpower gave in and fell into the blackness once again. I could feel some etheral blackness grasp its fingers around my still-recovering mind. As the game finished installed and I pressed that 'Play Now' button, I realized that I just jumped off the bridge that I was so very carefully constructing ever since quitting the first DOTA. Everything came rushing back to me. One game became ten and ten games became one-thousand. My girlfriend when I began again has left me already and I feel nothing but pity for her because she only wants me to leave the one I trulty love. I'm gaining weight again but whatever, I dont even care . i remember liek when my friend was like, "wanna come party after exams?" and i was like no  that lol i have an ih to do i skipped some exams tho cuz i didnt rly have much time to study cuz ti3 was hapepning and i wanted to watch enough games so i wuldnt be mad that i msised it. but i had to quit cuz im failing university and its gettin 2 expensive 2 live in campus. otherwise 10/10 good game i have 700 hours logged into dota2 and im still casual as
game-hours: 1872.6
review: doto
game-hours: 238.8
review: TIMBERSAW NUFF SAID(!)
game-hours: 341.2
review: dota 2 is so awesome can i have a dragonclaw hook!
game-hours: 161.3
review: Very Nice
game-hours: 1707.7
review: Good game
game-hours: 1037.7
review: meh, worth spending a couple hours.
game-hours: 171.9
review: useless
game-hours: 441.7
review: A supremely long, tedious, but enjoyable ride to glory
game-hours: 610.5
review: good
game-hours: 1443.9
review: Nice game. Addicted to it. LoL. :D
game-hours: 212.6
review: GG!!
game-hours: 4.6
review: .....
game-hours: 343.3
review: ggwp
game-hours: 2786.7
review: Not a bad game.
game-hours: 25.1
review: Is a good game if you're Russian.
game-hours: 368.3
review: nce one
game-hours: 1446.9
review: Good Game
game-hours: 402.4
review: Makes you hate russians 10/10
game-hours: 3819.4
review: love
game-hours: 4654.6
review: ostavili na vtoroy god :(
game-hours: 514.6
review: 10/10 would reccomend
game-hours: 780.1
review: It's a best game i ever play .. i recommend other gamer to play it , you will find it very cool and very Exciting game try it
game-hours: 1647.2
review: It used to be a nice game before it became popular...
game-hours: 1627.4
review: lose my girlfirend.but gave is very cool!
game-hours: 468.3
review: ^_^
game-hours: 3098.5
review: What a game
game-hours: 2216.8
review: the reason why you download steam is to play this game :D
game-hours: 214.2
review: Very fun game, meepo is best.
game-hours: 1838.9
review: Suitable for any ages especially youth
game-hours: 1679.6
review: Hours of fun, made majority of people rascist towards others who doesn't speak english, and causes alot of stress looking at your team.
game-hours: 2145.5
review: This is the most addictive games I have ever played. I do not recommend it to anyone who does not want to ruin their lives in this game. But if you do, this is the best possible way out there.
game-hours: 50.2
review: coisa de
game-hours: 1662.4
review: very fun if you like little children screaming at you while you lose and defeating people in super fun ways. all in all its a 10/10. pretty ok
game-hours: 3616.2
review: goood game :DDD
game-hours: 679.3
review: rak!
game-hours: 3447.5
review: Don't play this game. It's a BIG waste of time.
game-hours: 496.1
review: Greatest MOBA game ever made!
game-hours: 1068.8
review: Dota 2 best game ever.. disliked the new meta
game-hours: 2157.0
review: Very well done gameplay and graphics.
game-hours: 3885.5
review: this game is awesome
game-hours: 427.4
review: i like getting people mad and dota 2 is a good game for it
game-hours: 43.4
review: I'm Russian now ;_;
game-hours: 632.8
review: :))
game-hours: 1210.2
review: The game is easy. All you do is load up and select which server you want to play on, Brazil or Russia. WARNING This game makes you incredibly racist against any person who has any connection whatsoever to Russia, The Phillipines, or Brazil. Other than that it's a great way to ruin your life forever. But once you start playing you won't care anymore. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 556.1
review: :)
game-hours: 466.2
review: YES this game awesome DOTA 2
game-hours: 401.6
review: Best
game-hours: 354.3
review: The best game on Steam !
game-hours: 2857.1
review: Best rage simulator 2006-2014. Comes with many side effects :D
game-hours: 1052.8
review: MOBA
game-hours: 936.0
review: hi
game-hours: 688.1
review: its a very good game
game-hours: 1129.7
review: ggwp
game-hours: 1168.0
review: my fav game
game-hours: 710.9
review: Happy
game-hours: 710.9
review: Happy
game-hours: 415.3
review: Gamer of the Season
game-hours: 1795.3
review: Fun ... strategic.
game-hours: 466.8
review: Good game :)
game-hours: 1617.6
review: good
game-hours: 888.8
review: DOTO 2 = smoking weed
game-hours: 799.8
review: like
game-hours: 1345.9
review: Hmm
game-hours: 89.8
review: I originally got this game because my friends wanted me to play it. I sucked at it really bad, and I never saw the fun. But after spending a little more time on it, and acutally being able to kill people, I got myself addicted. If you get this game, it may be confusing at first, but will get really fun.
game-hours: 2017.5
review: GG gaming
game-hours: 2884.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 934.8
review: absolutely the best game ever!!!
game-hours: 2194.3
review: No life
game-hours: 2977.7
review: the best game ever
game-hours: 1944.2
review: For non-stop heart pounding, finger spaming, team raging, boner enducing action. Look no further than this faithful addition to the dota series by valve.
game-hours: 281.1
review: nc game
game-hours: 1051.0
review: This game awesome
game-hours: 658.7
review: nice :)
game-hours: 885.9
review: great game
game-hours: 1015.8
review: .
game-hours: 1965.8
review: Good strategy game to play. It has evolved well from the previous WC 3 mod game.
game-hours: 1262.2
review: Oh really THis game :D
game-hours: 642.6
review: nice
game-hours: 1528.8
review: great game, dont feed
game-hours: 1288.7
review: Haven't really played much of this game so can't really say anything about it, sorry.
game-hours: 260.1
review: NICE!
game-hours: 623.7
review: This game is too hardcore for me, I'll stick to LoL.
game-hours: 2.5
review: I recently downloaded Dota 2 and it have been very enjoyable so far. I also injoy the game pace and tactics.
game-hours: 1233.5
review: An excellent game. It has a very steep learning curve for new players but with patience and practice the new player will reap many rewards. Victories are as gratifying as defeats are frustrating. Beware of the community, they can get bitter very quickly when a mistake is made. On the other hand, when you do well they may congratulate you. All the best of luck. You'll need it against me.
game-hours: 771.5
review: LIKE THIS !!
game-hours: 2828.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 1222.2
review: preparing you for life
game-hours: 870.6
review: Killed a red guy with bad teeth and chicken legs who was "out for blood" then got stabbed in the back by an invisible goat man. 10/10 would get stabbed again.
game-hours: 48.5
review: Ebin
game-hours: 865.5
review: This Game is Wicked!
game-hours: 989.4
review: DotA 2 is special, it is a great team game especially fun when playing with friends! There have not been many games lately where I put as much time in it and keep coming back to as with DotA 2. I can recommend this game to anyone wanting to try out the Moba genre!
game-hours: 0.1
review: gabe dep trai
game-hours: 654.7
review: ing russians
game-hours: 645.8
review: nice
game-hours: 3363.6
review: DotA is the only reason why i don't have a GF :) Let's q0 play :)
game-hours: 622.7
review: Best online game ever!
game-hours: 407.7
review: 2 Words, 2 syllables ............ A MUST! 0 price, 2 Words, 2 syllables............ FOR FREE! 1 game + your time = lots of hours Nuff said!
game-hours: 1531.7
review: Dota 2 so muchhhhh better than LOL :D
game-hours: 1554.0
review: 10/10
game-hours: 1155.6
review: tried searching for a game online 9/10
game-hours: 3603.5
review: ing awesome
game-hours: 2690.6
review: Fantastic game, I'm waiting for Pit-Lord ^_^
game-hours: 75.6
review: the best game among the best
game-hours: 335.8
review: This game will make you cry! :D
game-hours: 2385.9
review: really good game and addicting game
game-hours: 863.3
review: Best Moba games ever ! Daebak!
game-hours: 402.3
review: Steam should be 'Paradise' for Gamer....
game-hours: 1774.9
review: Best game ever!!!
game-hours: 502.0
review: Best way to waste your time and your life. Could made even the nicest person to become the biggest As*hole in the universe. 10/10
game-hours: 4900.5
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 1953.4
review: The father of and the best of the genre ! DOTA 2 is the best !
game-hours: 15.2
review: Best free to play game iMO - nice graphics - good controls - amazing game modes not the best community but thats pretty normal with MOBA's these days...
game-hours: 1547.1
review: This game is awesome! Action RTS [ARTS]
game-hours: 287.3
review: Excellent game.
game-hours: 2784.0
review: If you want to learn how to become racist this is the game for you
game-hours: 1848.3
review: Doto all day, don't reep
game-hours: 262.8
review: dsadasdwq
game-hours: 1194.5
review: I love this game so much. I had tried LoL before, and I didn't like it because you had to either pay, or unlock all of the heroes through play. Dota gives me all of the heroes right off of the bat. Plus it's super fun :)
game-hours: 2259.3
review: nice
game-hours: 3709.7
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 111.7
review: so good
game-hours: 82.8
review: Mepo is the best
game-hours: 2448.7
review: pa to je sjajno
game-hours: 1299.2
review: Nice game. I love it
game-hours: 1513.6
review: This is like the best game ever!
game-hours: 26.1
review: money free
game-hours: 1380.8
review: Russian language simulator 2014 ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 272.9
review: tsk
game-hours: 109.8
review: Its all the dota you love or hate
game-hours: 754.8
review: awesome game!
game-hours: 486.7
review: Love thisd game, great to play with friends, interesting charecters in game as well as tons of items to customize your heroes the way you see fit.
game-hours: 3154.8
review: This game is just Perfect and balances out everything with Valve working so hard on it
game-hours: 850.5
review: If you're a fan of Dota and looking for an improved version of it, this is your game! And it even has a fair f2p model: You can play the game completely free, no game-changing stuff needs to be bought with real money.
game-hours: 0.3
review: Good MOBA! Nice champs!
game-hours: 934.3
review: Game is good
game-hours: 1251.3
review: good
game-hours: 2406.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 227.5
review: its my life .yeah
game-hours: 1961.8
review: Dota bad game dont play so mad such wow
game-hours: 1350.1
review: Language professors HATE this game! Game designers have discovered a revolutionary new way to teach Russian. Learn how to speak Russian in one day with this one weird trick!
game-hours: 2228.2
review: gg
game-hours: 13.3
review: luar biasa
game-hours: 1939.8
review: loads of fun, lot to learn; Dota 2 offer you an addiction you cannot find in other games. from denying enemy's farm to split pushing lanes in order to take down enemy's tower, the amount of elements to learn in this game is so many that you cannot help yourself to get hooked (pun intended) and never get tired by the fascinating world of Dota 2. this game offers various gameplay strategy which makes you hardly getting bored of playing Dota 2; you can play as a carry(hitter) to farm fancy weapons and wreck the enemy to their core or you can also play as a support to assist the progress of your team mate's carry(s) and protect them from dying or you can also be a pusher to easily take down enemy's tower and path your way to win with fast paced fashion. the possibility seems to be limitless with Dota 2.
game-hours: 465.5
review: awesome!!!
game-hours: 2575.3
review: I can't find the word that can describe this game. it's just fun. i love this game. i started to play dota (dota allstars) since 2006.
game-hours: 1737.5
review: Destroyed Lives Ruined friendships Making me fail school Made me racist 10/10
game-hours: 2200.3
review: It's a great game to enjoy with friends or to play alone. You will always learn something from it.
game-hours: 1664.8
review: If you want to play a game of the MOBA. I recommend this because it was the first game I've ever played for a long time. Since I played, I like the skill balance of it. It's not over too much like another game of the MOBA. It actually is original of those games.
game-hours: 2436.1
review: TO`P
game-hours: 1678.7
review: One of the best games ever gud job volvo :)
game-hours: 1575.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 700.4
review: Don't get me wrong Dota 2 is a great game, however when you start playing this game you will be beaten with cludgels the size of The empire state. As you play somewhat 20 hours of it you start to figure out how ot actually play. It is heavily rewarding and enables you to enjoy yourself alot more. It takes skill and intelligence to play well and you always learn new things. There are so many phases of skill you go through, this being said as you get constantly better you change in the way you play, you think faster and your reaction time decreases. Its one of those things you do not realise unless you review how you have played. Also i recommend not playing this list of heroes as they require no skill to play and are exceptionally over powered: Sniper ..... his ult is op aswell as his range. Ursa ..... applies fury swipes to target (increases damage done to target after every consecutive hit) Drow ranger ..... Slows you like seriously 50% slow on hit of a maxed out frost arrow. Riki ..... Permenant invis, you get used to being safe while invis but beware if someone actually knows how to play dota they will buy wards or a gem of true sight and then you will be useless Viper .... slows you even more than drow axe .... just is generally op Don't play them as you feel amazing when you do well with them then again they take no skill to play, should be nerfed. League of Losers is easier than dota but less rewarding! One of the best games on steam.
game-hours: 624.7
review: Great experience...
game-hours: 2088.0
review: I Love DOTA2.....
game-hours: 911.5
review: This Game Is Really Perfect
game-hours: 1719.5
review: It's dota.
game-hours: 2870.3
review: Simply the best AROUND! On second note. This game is great, you'll hardly get bored of it. The graphics are ok and the artstyle is intresting. Gameplay and mechanics are great. The balance is really good for a competitive game. The workshop system is genius. Easily one of my favorite games. Oh? Did I forget something? Yes, I belive I did. The community! The most imortant thing? Maby. I like the community, or atleast I have almost no issues with it. There are mixed feelings about it. I do have one issue though and it is that there are some (a whole lot of them) russians that play in all regions and refuse to speak the language that is suited for the region they are playing on. For example they join the EU West region and refuse to speak english. They only speak russian! Despite the fact that there is a russian region! I could     about this but that      cyk. No one likes a  . Feels      .  ,    ,     .  ? ?  ?!
game-hours: 1458.3
review: Awesome...
game-hours: 637.3
review: This game was a russian social experiment that went so badly wrong they sold it to steam Now it is a breeding ground of inter-racial abuse and hilariosly badly thought up insults, some of the lovable characters include an old  in the woods and a tree this game has soaked up far to many hours of my life and i recommend it highly 8/8 m8
game-hours: 1855.7
review: such a good game. best for teamwork / teamplay. two thumbs up for this game
game-hours: 453.2
review: Great game!
game-hours: 162.6
review: hahaha best game ever
game-hours: 1478.4
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1166.6
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 1722.6
review: BEST GAME EVER!
game-hours: 1032.2
review: Virginity Protector
game-hours: 395.2
review: This game will teach u evetything! How to  moms, sisters and whole ing family of your enemy. lol
game-hours: 1212.5
review: Okay...the best game in the whold world !!!! period
game-hours: 1698.1
review: One of the best games ever made! Online gaming doesnt get better than this!
game-hours: 703.7
review: Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello
game-hours: 2270.7
review: now lot of new thing to learn.....new map and hero .....rely enjoing
game-hours: 494.8
review: Playing wif Russian/Pinnoy/ any stereotype race simulator, best game ever if u ever dream to feel mad and depress every  day!!! 12/10 babeh
game-hours: 2229.0
review: Awesome ...
game-hours: 4992.4
review: in sohai we trust
game-hours: 1424.5
review: Nice game
game-hours: 163.0
review: VERY VERY NICE GAME RILY TELLING U
game-hours: 2666.2
review: very good
game-hours: 568.2
review: This game is Good I play a year but i enjoy this #peaceplay all
game-hours: 1171.5
review: DOta 2 is a great game, it really test your team skills.
game-hours: 1144.6
review: An amazing game. Play it for free today.
game-hours: 967.1
review: Love this game been playing it for years, never gets old.
game-hours: 758.2
review: -      !
game-hours: 153.6
review: awesome game
game-hours: 2065.5
review: Best game ever get it
game-hours: 1235.3
review: good game. beginners beware: takes more than the tutorial and a few games to be good
game-hours: 779.8
review: awesome :D
game-hours: 200.9
review: Excellent.
game-hours: 644.0
review: To this day, when I first get started on playing DOTO, I'd never imagine how wonderful life experience that could be. Seriously. I was just an avarage guy doing avarage life activities, but something changed, thanks to our beloved and handsome Gabe and his company, Volvo, these guys had no ideia when they decided to get into contact with Icefraud in order to make this marvelous sequel of League of Lesbians called EL GRANDE DOTO 2, even though I'm just getting started, this is not a talk to praise the game itself, instead, I want to thanks the community (especially Russians, these s, without them I would never have learnt how to squat <3) you guys are wonderful, always being cheerful and positive, in fact, it makes my mind blow when I acknowledge there are still hope left in this world. Even though I don't play this vidya game for months now, I want to tell you  to keep it up and never ever change your behave. Regards, your most frustrated dota player.
game-hours: 1632.1
review: Awsome
game-hours: 731.9
review: Nice game
game-hours: 2351.6
review: I hate this game
game-hours: 1850.9
review: Absolutely Amazing, simple (kinda). Evidence in my hours played!!
game-hours: 3336.9
review: THE BEST !
game-hours: 1240.7
review: Remover de vidas. (10/10)
game-hours: 449.8
review: Donkey Genocide Simulator 2014 10/10
game-hours: 1278.8
review: Dota 2 - very friendly game
game-hours: 2063.0
review: ruined my life. would recommend 10/10
game-hours: 1993.5
review: whenever youwant to feel like dying, dota is there for you :o)
game-hours: 2232.0
review: nice game but here have many noob idiot
game-hours: 2250.2
review: Good game
game-hours: 1503.6
review: thank you gaben. 10/10
game-hours: 1440.5
review: This the game! Its free to play and its way better than League Of Legends
game-hours: 853.0
review: Literally unplayble. 11/10
game-hours: 1036.6
review: realy recommend this game.
game-hours: 3083.8
review: ....
game-hours: 1806.0
review: Dota 2 is complicated, exhausting and sometimes cruel, but its many complexities form an incredibly satisfying and exciting multiplayer game.
game-hours: 767.5
review: Dota 2 is good
game-hours: 723.9
review: 100% lifestealer
game-hours: 504.2
review: Great Game :D
game-hours: 1066.6
review: A real free to play game. Insanly fun to play. A little intimidating when you first start playing it, but quickly becomes a game you play for hours on end every day. 10/10 would recommend
game-hours: 1694.2
review: BEST GAME EVER!!!!!! ^_^
game-hours: 1300.2
review: (y)
game-hours: 36.1
review: You all should come and try it! Filled with amazing graphics
game-hours: 2844.5
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 204.6
review: eadad
game-hours: 2373.0
review: I want my life back. Who am i kidding it wasn't as fun as this game
game-hours: 325.6
review: Rat doto best doto
game-hours: 937.5
review: teamwork are very needed in this game.
game-hours: 892.6
review: Great
game-hours: 841.3
review: 10/10 would feed again
game-hours: 2076.6
review: Better than Lol, yup
game-hours: 399.6
review: Too unbalanced,Great game though
game-hours: 1477.1
review: Fun Game
game-hours: 232.7
review: dabest
game-hours: 1374.3
review: Best MOBA Ever!!
game-hours: 818.9
review: best
game-hours: 308.2
review: play dora
game-hours: 1679.7
review: i like it this game
game-hours: 155.3
review: very nice game this is
game-hours: 859.5
review: gg izi mid
game-hours: 2679.1
review: clever game to test your gaming skills
game-hours: 45.7
review: My favorite game ever.
game-hours: 4630.3
review: Great game..
game-hours: 2803.3
review: Buen juego :D
game-hours: 105.5
review: cool game
game-hours: 271.0
review: FREE THING IS THE BEST!
game-hours: 1263.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 213.0
review: Best game
game-hours: 625.8
review: 10/10 would get chain stunned by bots endlessly again
game-hours: 574.4
review: Best game.
game-hours: 2697.3
review: effing pinoys = russians of sea alot of ragers and flamers. troll heaven. 10/10 will play again
game-hours: 599.0
review: good game
game-hours: 227.5
review: nice
game-hours: 2223.1
review: wardward :D
game-hours: 870.7
review: The greatest free game I ever played.
game-hours: 170.9
review: giid
game-hours: 3307.6
review: So so cheap at the measly cost of your soul. 10/10
game-hours: 230.5
review: Recomended
game-hours: 1644.1
review: Great Game :D
game-hours: 2125.4
review: Is a game where myself and four of my friends spoil our life together with so much flare.. Recommended..
game-hours: 1378.5
review: nice all of www
game-hours: 1292.5
review: I'm happy with this game ^_^
game-hours: 1711.5
review: Hard to learn at first, but if you can stick to it, it's addicting.
game-hours: 3077.7
review: Best game in the world
game-hours: 1486.8
review: good game if you don't suck, foreigners ruin games tho :(
game-hours: 1362.6
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 633.3
review: Awesome time sink. High learning curve but worth the effort.
game-hours: 1023.4
review: good game, brown ppl ftw
game-hours: 752.6
review: A fantastic, intricate game of strategy, cooperation, and frustration. A must have!
game-hours: 65.0
review: This game is great if your 15 and you think you're a MLG bag. This game is cancer and so are the people that invest their  lives in it. SO MANY BETTER GAMES TO PLAY THAN THIS!! Seriously. Duke Nukem Forever is better than this. ing Big Rigs has a higher level of entertainment value than this overrated pile of garbage. I honestly don't want to invest any part of my life to learning how to play better because I hate it so much. If you like to troll people this is a great game to do it. People will get on your  and trash talk you the INSTANT you do anything that they don't like. Best thing is to just lone wolf it and troll a team if they dog you, and they will. Terrible game, terrible people. Vile existence of software. Humanity lost with 9 million people that log into this. Please skip this and play something better in your life. There is so many other games out there that are cheap and just make life better. May Jesus have mercy on your souls.
game-hours: 577.3
review: Test
game-hours: 2174.0
review: Great game for having fun with your friends and killing time
game-hours: 730.2
review: ing try hard
game-hours: 1540.4
review: A++
game-hours: 22.9
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 1061.3
review: very love this game!!! awesome!!!!
game-hours: 18.3
review: How do I even play this?
game-hours: 1186.5
review: This game is fantastic for player vs. player combat and strategic tactical action.
game-hours: 1224.0
review: First review.. So Dota2, where to begin. Firstly, it is a fantastic game, which community is growing rapidly. With the up coming TI4, there really isn't a greater time to join the game. The range of heros is a good amount, not too many that it would be impossible for someone from the team of 5 for there to be an unused hero. The one thing that lets the game down is new players. Now im not saying new players are all bad and should stop playing the game. I think we (experienced players) need to help them, maybe have an academy option of some sort meaning new players are able to be coached by experienced players before they enter match making. This is what I did when I began playing the game a few years ago and something I have done in turn teaching new players. That would be my only advice to new players learn from experienced team mates. If your friendly and dont ignore what they tell you they wont get angry.
game-hours: 926.1
review: TISSS SO GUD GAME . DENDI HOOKS WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO , Dota 2 rocks :D
game-hours: 1325.0
review: Destroys your life. 10/10.
game-hours: 4783.4
review: best moba game ever... balanced game play...
game-hours: 1344.1
review: Very Hard
game-hours: 3682.7
review: legit
game-hours: 510.2
review: 8/8
game-hours: 154.4
review: From Peru to Russia everthing is so toxic you get cancer. 69/420
game-hours: 1017.6
review: WARNING: This game may cause great amounts of rage when played This can be due to multiple things -Jerk Teammates/Friends -Russians -Bad MM system -Overpowered Characters - People on the internet
game-hours: 3782.0
review: fun game
game-hours: 1083.5
review: Love it!
game-hours: 918.9
review: This is the most awesome game ever. With he right combination of team work, you battle other players or bots using different abilities to destroy the heart of their base.
game-hours: 1348.3
review: At first I didn't think I would like this style of game. I was mostly into FPS and MMO's for the last few years. Basically I had a bunch of friends that played Dota 2, and they begged me to play. Needless to say, after a few weeks, I was hooked. After learning the ropes and getting to know the charaters and items better, I grew more and more into the game. I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a fierce PVP experience. Valve has done a great job with Dota 2 and I look forward to playing it for a long time to come.
game-hours: 3535.0
review: This game is absolutely best. I have never played a game like this. JUST PLAY IT.
game-hours: 733.5
review: it's alright
game-hours: 2031.1
review: Dota 2, where teamwork is laughable and everyone is Pinoy. 99/10
game-hours: 400.0
review: Makes you Professional.
game-hours: 558.1
review: This game is addicting.
game-hours: 933.6
review: F**ked up matchmaking yet very addictive, piece of  game ruining your lief
game-hours: 960.6
review: it is fun and i enjoy it :)
game-hours: 1842.9
review: NEVER SAY NOOB !!!!
game-hours: 43.9
review: Its like Dota 1 but better!
game-hours: 2219.3
review: Best Thing since powdered milk.
game-hours: 1144.2
review: Best MOBA for this decade
game-hours: 864.4
review: Dota is good fun.
game-hours: 411.7
review: What makes this game awesome is that each game is never the same. With such a large selection of heroes, items and straregies, it continues to keep you on your toes. Dota 2 is all about team work and finding combinations that will work well together and there is nothing like that feeling you get when your team pulls of an amazing combo move that wipes out all your enemies. Don't take the game to likely either as the scales may turn at anytime which makes for even more fun.
game-hours: 1319.2
review: gwapo
game-hours: 2166.4
review: good!!
game-hours: 1701.0
review: Awesome game. try it out boys
game-hours: 1158.6
review: Goodbye life, hello dota. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 1772.6
review: Dota 2 is very nice, Go download it and play.
game-hours: 1592.5
review: Great game with consistent updates =)
game-hours: 4370.5
review: Awesome strategy game created by Valve & Icefrog..
game-hours: 2662.3
review: GOOOD GAMEEEEE
game-hours: 2997.6
review: horrible
game-hours: 3723.1
review: The Best Game of 20th Century and best contendenter for 21st. And it is Free To Play
game-hours: 38.2
review: best game ever
game-hours: 22.3
review: if your into multiplayer games ( MOBA , MMORPG ) . Then this game is mostly suited for you . Enjoy your time with the game :) /* Not a real expert just another commentater */
game-hours: 1409.0
review: The Best of the Bests
game-hours: 310.2
review: A very good game with good graphics. It is also very tactical and fun. I enjoy playing this game and I would recommend it to any gamer in the world.
game-hours: 350.7
review: one of the best GAMES ever Played !!!!
game-hours: 411.5
review: yes, its awesome
game-hours: 1681.2
review: Good Game, Nice Game , Amazing Game , and always support game
game-hours: 1086.9
review: ITS GOOD
game-hours: 2441.0
review: 100% like it
game-hours: 221.8
review: Good community
game-hours: 196.1
review: cool
game-hours: 1319.5
review: Fantastic game
game-hours: 376.3
review: Me:Hey team im support. Teammate:Shut ye  up noob. Kiss my . Another teammate:bobo 11/10 Very friendly community
game-hours: 2660.4
review: gg wp
game-hours: 3271.5
review: ultra epic... .XD volvo is the best
game-hours: 2545.6
review: Best game forver
game-hours: 3.4
review: I AM SO BAD AT THIS GAME.
game-hours: 250.6
review: Best DotA since DotA 1
game-hours: 619.7
review: never have I formed such violent/racist opinions toward foreigners. 10/10
game-hours: 1135.4
review: if you wanna meet hot single babes from kazikstan you should play this game.
game-hours: 1877.4
review: wasd
game-hours: 556.0
review: Dota, not much more needs to be said.
game-hours: 1760.8
review: 96 hours a month. would not recommend.
game-hours: 4893.4
review: ING LOVE THIS GAME ! AWESOME
game-hours: 2297.8
review: Very good game, bunch of heroes to play with, but a very bad community.
game-hours: 131.4
review: you should be playing
game-hours: 833.6
review: Perfect !!!
game-hours: 1867.4
review: This game is a , always in  teams, would rage again 10/10
game-hours: 601.7
review: Have u ever dream? It's a dream itself. Full of despair and regret. But its all for u. U can earn respect by ur teammates, moreover an envy form the other team. You can be GOD. Do ur best NOW. U're the ONE who CAN make this. U MUST SHOUT "YOLO" and DO EVERYTHING. As I always say 'Hit or Miss'.
game-hours: 2256.2
review: Mid and feed
game-hours: 2269.9
review: Nikogda ne igraite V ETU IGRU
game-hours: 862.9
review: sucks
game-hours: 17.6
review: I get wet playing it
game-hours: 59.0
review: Leagues is better
game-hours: 3718.5
review: _
game-hours: 1559.1
review: Traumatising game
game-hours: 2555.2
review: ADICTIVE, each matchup is unique , this never gets old !
game-hours: 966.7
review: Ruins your life in 1 game flat. I was very impressed by how quickly it made me lose all faith in humanity and make me wish that some people would take a nine foot  up the anal cavity. 8/8 Would recommend to people of all ages, fun for the whole family.
game-hours: 643.2
review: A very good game
game-hours: 499.3
review: NICE GAME!!
game-hours: 70.2
review: I Love This Game
game-hours: 615.0
review: aa
game-hours: 1333.9
review: Well, I used not to enjoy MOBA's at all, the first MOBA I tried it was Dota 2 because (Valve games are always awesome, every single one of them) but because also, I heard good things about it, so for beginers in this kind of game it's really hard to learn the basics, but once you learn you just want to play more and more and always try different heroes, tatics and such. So all the time I spent on it, it was well worth it. The only problem is that begginers tend to have a really bad matchmaking stats, and you find leavers, etc etc. But for people who are on the same level as me or better, it's great. So why not give it a try?:)
game-hours: 377.6
review: dota 2 is amazing game with strategy and thinking and if you wont top play free game take dota 2 without thinking its great game
game-hours: 920.4
review: This game ruined my life. 20/10
game-hours: 9.8
review: . .
game-hours: 937.0
review: can you FIX your error problem by not keep punishing people without doing anything worng??!! this is stupid rule you make! disconnected problem lot of reason and you should able to investigate it before taking any action for player! I have ing enough with your stupid rule! I done nothing wrong just because DC problem I got punishment! I did come back to game until played till finished and WOn the game BUT you still punished me and give abandon matches! WTF!!??
game-hours: 81.5
review: Hi Belka, I love you!
game-hours: 3138.3
review: best game ever!! addictive and immersive gameplay great community
game-hours: 0.1
review: I love this game
game-hours: 2418.5
review: gut
game-hours: 1232.6
review: awesome
game-hours: 1874.4
review: The best
game-hours: 743.9
review: dota2 is a good game, nice hero character and many more. wkwkwk...
game-hours: 1573.7
review: Game is so intense my anoose puckered up. 10/10
game-hours: 747.6
review: With this, you can enjoy the game and play with other people's emotions aswell...
game-hours: 1412.8
review: strategy game i like
game-hours: 322.6
review: Aside from random hating and the odd slap  it's not too shabby. "no you..."
game-hours: 1557.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 239.6
review: very wonderful game!
game-hours: 311.6
review: I was playing on the US east coast servers and got an entire team of Brazillian players. They wouldn't let me go mid. 10/10.
game-hours: 392.3
review: One Of the best move ever :D
game-hours: 581.6
review: :)
game-hours: 775.8
review: this is good
game-hours: 286.1
review: making money out of it
game-hours: 501.9
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 1888.3
review: well player
game-hours: 2136.9
review: Good game Well Played!! I'm enjoy with it!
game-hours: 2805.1
review: TOTALLY FUN!!! WARNING: NOT SUITABLE FOR CHILDREN
game-hours: 359.3
review: This is the best strategy games
game-hours: 194.9
review: This game improved so much since it was released on the beta. There are over 90 heroes to choose from currently and the gamplay is as intence and as rewarding as DOTA 1. I know alot of people will be hesitant to try it at first but there has been a new tutorial system implemented in DOTA 2 and I think it will help new comers. I know some people who play LOL might bash in this game, but both games are compleatly different. Its like comparing COD and Battlefield, they are so different that connot be compared. (no preference on either game, I think bot of them are good) Give this game a try, the learning curve is very steep but it is rewarding when you learn. I think this is the best gave valve has ever developed and has been the most played game on steam ever since the second year of beta development. Try it out, its free and badass!
game-hours: 1591.3
review: challenging and exciting game!
game-hours: 177.9
review: Very good rpg game, lots of fun for hours on end
game-hours: 2043.3
review: .          !
game-hours: 924.5
review: Bessssst game ever! worth playing! XD
game-hours: 6552.0
review: So amazing, best MOBA game :)
game-hours: 757.8
review: It's like DotA with better graphics.
game-hours: 2153.1
review: Dota 2 is one of the biggest moba on market, so when it comes to a big player it has some pros and cons. First of all i've played many "Free to play" games but this one must say is a real FREE TO PLAY. In many others games u can spend some real cash on boosters which are giving u advantage on the battlefield but in Dota you "wasting" all your money only on a hero's appearance. Of course u can buy a boost here which will give u more experience from the match BUT THIS ONLY INCREASES your cosmetic items loot. Also forgot to mention that every item from the shop can be looted via match rewards. Second of all Dota 2 was my first moba type game, i was never interested in mobas, never played mobas until i decided to try dota when it was in beta. Even in beta game was "newbie-friendly". First i've played matches vs bots (all diff) then moved to matches vs bots in coop with other players. And then i was ready for the BIG ONE. Later Valve added a nice tutorial for new players to moba games. But anyway most of new people dont care about this, i've checked this on playin on new steam account which queded me with low level of dota 2 (not low level of skill) players and i've met some pretty interesting people right there like carry wisp etc. FInally i must get to the biggest con of Dota 2. For me European player the biggest CON of dota 2 are russians (no im not a racist). Ok to get things smooth i not saying Russia country is all made of bunch of morons but this game really makes me think like this. Russians are the biggest and worst plague of DOTA 2 community. In my all match history which i've played something around 2.5k matches russians were active in like 75% of this number. In 1% of this matches i have met russians who can speak english and can even teamplay the rest of them are non speaking english, selfish players who will always play solo and when you gonna lost game then "its raining ". Dota 2 forum is filled with posts that russians are crashin this game but Valve dont even bother to do something with this. Ending i must say Dota 2 is a solid, newbie-friendly game with some comunnity problems. I absolutely commend this game to all moba fans and not only them.
game-hours: 255.0
review: nice game!
game-hours: 284.0
review: Great game! 10/10
game-hours: 710.7
review: i like the whole game itself (dota 2) because we all know that we started as noobs on dota 1. here, we can practice and learn much faster than the previous game. the game will guide you throughout it's contents. but the only problem in this game is that there are thousands of players from around the world that do not know how to respect other people.
game-hours: 1973.9
review: jogasso
game-hours: 2364.5
review: good ah
game-hours: 119.8
review: Game nya tempat sampah kalau mau kill malah dikill Ooh now -_-
game-hours: 9.7
review: that is good game
game-hours: 286.7
review: ammm .. no command
game-hours: 1025.3
review: Just loving it...:-)
game-hours: 2665.4
review: The most addicting thing in the world. I dont know what sort of masochistical urge is making us play this game over and over again. Overall 10/10!
game-hours: 5112.3
review: Gg
game-hours: 1983.5
review: A good game to play and have fun(also really stressfull, so be carefull)
game-hours: 1867.6
review: 420/10.00000000000001
game-hours: 1142.4
review: I liked this Game because it has a good graphics and its a stratigy game.
game-hours: 524.9
review: Best game to ever grace the MOBArena, just thinking about it throws my throbbing erection to farther, inhuman heights
game-hours: 640.4
review: Amazing game. Truly, I mean it. So pure is it's reflection of it's players and their teamwork that it reminds you every game just how  most of the world is on a fundamental level. Dota could make even Saint Teresa a racist after just a couple hours.
game-hours: 1273.7
review: best moba ever :D
game-hours: 344.4
review: GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
game-hours: 628.3
review: low
game-hours: 1877.0
review: Best MOBA game!!
game-hours: 1251.8
review: Player Reporting Smulator 2014. 10/10
game-hours: 497.8
review: An awesome game and the battles are always different, its just awesome, the more they add then the more it is awesome
game-hours: 430.5
review: great game
game-hours: 430.5
review: great game
game-hours: 103.0
review: Awesome game....addicted!
game-hours: 1279.7
review: <3
game-hours: 19.0
review: dsadsa
game-hours: 1899.7
review: Liam is Gay and he is gay
game-hours: 440.7
review: I LIKE DOTA 2 <3
game-hours: 501.0
review: Cool
game-hours: 1124.4
review: Well dota2 is fun, it's about teamwork and not to mention you get to bond with your friends!
game-hours: 69.7
review: pogi !~ :)
game-hours: 857.7
review: A game known for almost a decade
game-hours: 376.5
review: i love it
game-hours: 517.7
review: One of the best multiplayer online battle arena game; its gameplay focuses on combat in a three-dimensional environment, presented from an oblique high-angle perspective. What I liked on this game is that this is played in discrete matches involving two five-player teams, each of which occupies a stronghold at a corner of the map. Each stronghold contains a building called the "Ancient", which the opposite team must destroy to win the match. Each player controls a "Hero" character and focuses on leveling up, collecting gold, acquiring items and fighting against the other team to achieve victory.
game-hours: 795.2
review: halo
game-hours: 804.3
review: In homeland Dota 2 recommends you!
game-hours: 2669.2
review: My life!
game-hours: 3088.0
review: Recomend...
game-hours: 2404.3
review: Nice Game !
game-hours: 564.9
review: It's vey fun to play. It takes away all my problems.
game-hours: 393.4
review: Its A very NICE Game
game-hours: 1587.2
review: i like this game it because you can play with your friend on other places and it so fun!
game-hours: 1443.8
review: This game is awesome, because I played Dota 1 5 years, and I started to play Dota 2, amazing game to me!!
game-hours: 1017.6
review: Looking fo a never ending game? Play this. Looking for a good investment and gain profit? Play this. Looking for new friends and enemy? Play this. Looking for high level of stress or fun? Play this.
game-hours: 1261.1
review: i love dota2!
game-hours: 1621.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 4698.1
review: I am an omnivorous gamer (or was), that not only includes pc games but also most indoor games. I dont miss any computer game that passes through my way. And one day Dota came in front of me. I started playing Dota with sky high expectations because of its review and recommendation from my friends who play Dota, and I was surprised, because there is no review no depiction and absolutely no trailer or game play clip that can actually show u the true face, the real picture of brilliance and the utterly satisfying awesomeness of Dota, U have to play it to know it. This is the ultimate gaming experience. I felt like all the games I played through my life were actually meant to lead me to Dota. Now I play no game but Dota, and I am pretty sure that I am going to spend a considerably unbelievable amount of my time with it. In the free to play documentary someone said that Dota is a combination of chess and soccer. I liked the phrase but I want to redesign the phrase: Dota is the combination of chess, monopoly, football, martial arts, poker etc and all the computer games u have ever played. And these things in a form of an ultimate team sport. Playing Dota is mostly about knowledge, skill, economy, team spirit, synchronization of your brain with your hands, judgment, anticipation and many many things that I dont know yet. Go Dota if u think of yourself as a true and passionate gamer.
game-hours: 1750.4
review: That d2 is nice for me!!
game-hours: 2181.5
review: worst game, play league of legends
game-hours: 2082.5
review: Continuing in the footsteps of dota. This game will beat (if not already) all other MOBA games for sure.And the idea of keeping it completly free while getting a lot of profit with cosmetic items is brilliant. Constant updates and balance changes keep the higher ranked players from getting borred. Keep up the good work.
game-hours: 876.4
review: The awesome one~~
game-hours: 978.9
review: I love this game <3
game-hours: 773.5
review: Get 4 friends to plya with you or you could go the solo route and start the path to swearing in russian and spanish.
game-hours: 598.3
review: come play this
game-hours: 717.7
review: This game ruined my life. 12/10
game-hours: 1591.8
review: I like dota 2
game-hours: 141.4
review: This game is one of the most awesome games I've ever played :D
game-hours: 70.2
review: Number 1 game!
game-hours: 1565.4
review: Fun to play with your friends even if they always make you lose ;D
game-hours: 865.6
review: Cool game
game-hours: 1211.0
review: awesome
game-hours: 477.1
review: good game and i like this game
game-hours: 2159.9
review: i liked to play dota 2
game-hours: 667.8
review: good game
game-hours: 2728.0
review: yes
game-hours: 168.0
review: yes
game-hours: 2960.1
review: games hard
game-hours: 3579.9
review: osum
game-hours: 609.8
review: A game for player like tactical and teamwork
game-hours: 532.3
review: the most awesome game ever
game-hours: 7.4
review: I woke up today and that  dota 2 just started to randomly update without my permission. Phreak if u see this please fix ur good damn cheap  game
game-hours: 27.5
review: i totally recommend this game to anyone it is a great game and very addictive what i found was it was easy to learn and understand how to work the controls so any newcomer can play but also is very hard to keep you on the edge of your seat. i would change 2 things and many people will agree so if you are looking at this dota 2 makers ;) we would love for you to be able to let us zoom out so we can see more as it is a pain and really hard to keep eyes on your character without dying and also please make it so you can choose for the camera to follow your player so we dont have to do that but overall amazing game but they are the only cons. GREAT GAME
game-hours: 1565.7
review: ez game ez life just say mid or feed and you can play mid every game. ggwp!
game-hours: 40.0
review: IT AWESOME DIGGY DIGGY HOLE
game-hours: 812.2
review: doto > league of ladies
game-hours: 438.8
review: i love this game its freaking addicting as hell!!
game-hours: 1529.8
review: best mmo game better then LOL
game-hours: 2710.8
review: dota good
game-hours: 1315.3
review: good game
game-hours: 3253.3
review: this awesome games that can change my live, great dota2 :D
game-hours: 2220.1
review: Best game in the universe
game-hours: 388.1
review: very addictive cool game !
game-hours: 2415.7
review: this game is super duper
game-hours: 1087.8
review: Best of the game forever
game-hours: 346.1
review: this game is too good for noobs guys
game-hours: 338.3
review: its a good game guys!!!
game-hours: 554.1
review: This game is one of the best MOBA and its free!!! All hero's are playable you don't have to buy anything its all the same playing field. The updates have made the game better and better, thus MOAR FUN!!! Try it out its free and you can practise with the modes with other people, it takes lots of skills to play. HAVE FUN!!!
game-hours: 669.0
review: lovely game
game-hours: 5768.6
review: dota ini membunuhku
game-hours: 1546.3
review: This game improved so much since it was released on the beta. There are over 90 heroes to choose from currently and the gamplay is as intence and as rewarding as DOTA 1. I know alot of people will be hesitant to try it at first but there has been a new tutorial system implemented in DOTA 2 and I think it will help new comers. I know some people who play LOL might bash in this game, but both games are compleatly different. Its like comparing COD and Battlefield, they are so different that connot be compared. (no preference on either game, I think bot of them are good) Give this game a try, the learning curve is very steep but it is rewarding when you learn. I think this is the best gave valve has ever developed and has been the most played game on steam ever since the second year of beta development. Try it out, its free and badass!
game-hours: 1079.1
review: Epic game!! Nc community!! :))
game-hours: 648.1
review: There's too much to say about DOTA2. All i can say is i love playing the game.
game-hours: 612.5
review: it's realy cool game)))
game-hours: 1508.0
review: GREAAAAAAAT GAME EVEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRR
game-hours: 1596.2
review: THIS IS THE BEST STEAM GAME BY FAR HANDS DOWN. A MUST PLAY. PERIOD, END OF DISCUSSION.
game-hours: 1921.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 1329.2
review: best game of the my life
game-hours: 706.2
review: Best game ever ! It's really addictive and fun to play , can't get bored of it . It demands both team play and individual skills , which make the game very unique and enjoyable ! I really recommend playing this game , but beware because you'll need to have an organised team structure to thrive .
game-hours: 677.5
review: I LIKE DOTA 2
game-hours: 3610.3
review: When I hear the match found sound I get a boner. This game has shown me things no other game or human being has before. This game is essential to my thrice-daily spank sessions; the female heroes (Windranger, Drow Ranger, Crystal Maiden, etc.) all wear very sultry clothing which adds to my erotic fantasy. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED I CANT GO A DAY WITHOUT THIS
game-hours: 5671.9
review: epic
game-hours: 1748.9
review: :))
game-hours: 407.3
review: This game is really good
game-hours: 555.7
review: this game is fun!
game-hours: 1884.7
review: Nice game ... GG
game-hours: 1718.7
review: Nice Game I Really like it xD
game-hours: 923.4
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 776.2
review: Best part :)
game-hours: 3954.2
review: its a very fun game addictive
game-hours: 2505.2
review: This game is gonna suck out the life in you. It's like you're selling your soul to the devil, except you're selling it to dota. It's not like you need a soul anyway.
game-hours: 1181.7
review: Awww
game-hours: 6520.9
review: Craziest learning curve, but highly addictive...
game-hours: 1048.6
review: i like the Dota2
game-hours: 1993.6
review: ,    ,
game-hours: 275.7
review: good game
game-hours: 1.6
review: so far its a really good game love the animation and the similarty to wow
game-hours: 449.5
review: nice game ever
game-hours: 480.7
review: You should try this excitng game :D
game-hours: 529.1
review: This Game ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 824.1
review: Took half of my life... still can't let it go. :)
game-hours: 534.3
review: ok
game-hours: 3117.6
review: niceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
game-hours: 1497.8
review: 6.80 fixed this games issues.
game-hours: 1031.1
review: AWESOME GAME
game-hours: 271.0
review: in stupid UPDATE
game-hours: 3123.8
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 3859.7
review: Awesome
game-hours: 15.5
review: This game is aswome :D
game-hours: 590.5
review: I LOVE THIS GAME
game-hours: 93.6
review: Never gave this type of a game a chance because of the harsh learning curve. Dont make my mistake... jump in and deal with a few games of other players yelling at you. It is worth it once you figure it out.
game-hours: 202.9
review: nice
game-hours: 1878.3
review: One of the greatest games of our time. It is simply epic!!
game-hours: 1739.3
review: Completely removed any respect i had for any country that doesn't speak english, 10/10 would buy again
game-hours: 3390.5
review: brilliant game
game-hours: 1576.0
review: awesome game
game-hours: 1492.9
review: oh yeah
game-hours: 5162.4
review: this game is amazing
game-hours: 3170.4
review: A real game. (compared to LoL and HoN or whatever is going to be made next.)
game-hours: 1656.8
review: RUN YOU FOOLS!
game-hours: 1389.3
review: Playing this for ages and still loving it. Rock on.:)
game-hours: 526.8
review: I LIKE THIS GAME
game-hours: 925.8
review: god
game-hours: 3270.2
review: nice traxe, i will play her
game-hours: 1596.4
review: It's a truly amazing game, best with a couple of friends. Get it and I'd be glad to play it with you.
game-hours: 588.5
review: The reason why the Philippines is still not in chaos. great game!
game-hours: 386.5
review: lifestealer... no regrets
game-hours: 1656.1
review: very good game
game-hours: 6.1
review: Best Game after League of Legends!
game-hours: 2660.0
review: good
game-hours: 116.3
review: One of the Best games! very addictive! But with  hard disk like mine with 40 gb space this game is overload with updates! But Never mind! This game is addictive as hell!
game-hours: 459.3
review: Better Than Dota 1! ! ! LOL
game-hours: 1110.9
review: dota2 ix owsum
game-hours: 454.8
review: mantappp
game-hours: 242.2
review: Exciting game great for players who like adventure games and other sutffs. :D
game-hours: 13.4
review: This Dota Forever Alone
game-hours: 699.4
review: LOVE LOVE THIS GAME A LOT!!!
game-hours: 875.5
review: it is quite awesome.
game-hours: 1100.4
review: Great for Asians
game-hours: 412.2
review: Dota2 newb. <3
game-hours: 152.2
review: please
game-hours: 148.9
review: addicting game...must play by gamers
game-hours: 2101.1
review: nice gmae
game-hours: 1789.6
review: dota 2 is my real wife!
game-hours: 1159.5
review: Best Game Ever :D
game-hours: 1654.8
review: Nic3
game-hours: 1576.9
review: play this game for fun
game-hours: 579.4
review: o.O
game-hours: 1615.5
review: good game
game-hours: 961.7
review: Great game it's the greatest MOBA game I've ever played!!
game-hours: 1943.7
review: HI, I'M FROM MALAYSIA, AND I'M DOTA 2 PLAYER. I'M NOT TO PRO, AND I'M NOT TOO BAD. WHAT I GET FROM THIS DOTA 2 GAME IS, FRIENDSHIP, PASSION, ANGRY, SADNESS, HAPPY, ETC DOTA 2 GIVE ME GOOD TIME. NICE EVENT, NICE SET, NICE HERO, AND I'M FROM LEAGUE OF LEGEND PLAYER. DOTA 2 : IN TERM OF GAME STRATEGY AND STABILITY = VERY GOOD DOTA 2 : IN TERM OF GRAPHIC , SOUND AND VIDEO = PERFECTOO DOTA 2 : MORE LOGIC STRATEGY THAN LEAGUE OF LEGEND I HOPE SOMEDAY, DOTA 2 WILL BE THE BEST BEST BEST BEST BEST GAME EVER ~! PLEASE, CAN I HAVE 1 DC HOOK ??????? PLEASEEEEEE PLEASEEEE PLEASEEEEEE. . . . HEHE. . . JUST KIDDING(ACTUALLY I'M NOT) ANYWAY, GOODLUCK AND PLEASE MAKE THIS GAME MORE MORE MORE MORE AND MROE FUN ! LOVE U DOTA 2 !
game-hours: 2471.1
review: Valve and icefrog are made the high quality game
game-hours: 5263.7
review: The best MOBA game!
game-hours: 663.7
review: this is good game
game-hours: 668.3
review: Nice
game-hours: 20.0
review: Well This Game is Fun as Long as you like to be shouted at and you know how to speak russian
game-hours: 2803.4
review: Best game of my life
game-hours: 10.9
review: good
game-hours: 955.7
review: Take your time and learn Russian, now that Putin is on the move and 80% of all dota2 players speaks Russian you almost have to
game-hours: 392.8
review: gl hf
game-hours: 1439.2
review: Giff me Dota 2
game-hours: 3091.3
review: it is the most awesome thing ever
game-hours: 568.9
review: good
game-hours: 39.7
review: Awesome !
game-hours: 2606.1
review: would recommend
game-hours: 898.3
review: I think this game have perspective future
game-hours: 70.9
review: i recommend this game if 1. you are not good at skill-based videogames and 2. are of a non-american nationality
game-hours: 3402.0
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1667.0
review: This game is so fun. This is a must have game :P
game-hours: 2712.1
review: Best racist simulator ever. And it's free to play
game-hours: 427.7
review: You will have hours of fun with this game as long as you are ready to geif your life to it.
game-hours: 907.8
review: Very Good Game!!! Must try!
game-hours: 635.7
review: Dota in My Life because of the adrenaline and the strategy to merge into one. where the weak will always be eaten by the strong. That chain massacre
game-hours: 2199.6
review: THIS GAME SUCKED THE LIFE OUT OF ME.. I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 867.1
review: nc gaem
game-hours: 3901.4
review: No doubt the best game i played in my life <3
game-hours: 542.9
review: i like it
game-hours: 1113.4
review: I love this game
game-hours: 0.2
review: two words N-O
game-hours: 427.6
review: addicting
game-hours: 1278.8
review: Way way WAY more depth than League Of legend (LoL), steeper learning curve, higher skill cap and alot more balancing / fair play. Has some similarities to HoN but overall feels like a really different game. I love both but Dota 2 feels more competitive and has a bit more interesting heroes + the balancing is better (except Riki). I would recommend this game if youre into something that requires you to actually think and use your brain unlike LoL. I personally prefer HoN out of all the Moba's but that might just be cause I started with it, Dota 2 comes close as second. 9/10
game-hours: 1783.4
review: PErfect game 10/10 just ruined my life lol ..
game-hours: 890.7
review: I love this game..
game-hours: 865.1
review: !
game-hours: 1889.1
review: Very good in terms of gameplay. The graphics are on moderate scale which I think is a good thing sisnce not everyone could have high-end specs... The games in costant development and new patches come out quite often. However, the patching and issue solving problems still exist with Valve. I would rate the game as 8.7/10
game-hours: 1701.4
review: nice
game-hours: 862.5
review: Sweet
game-hours: 907.2
review: Cool game I guess...
game-hours: 1280.5
review: nice game... have many heros.. every time new experience to play this game (Y)
game-hours: 267.1
review: :X
game-hours: 2488.0
review: yes
game-hours: 1988.1
review: like like like
game-hours: 2730.1
review: This is a very nice game!! I love this game!! ^^
game-hours: 115.8
review: Best game in years...
game-hours: 1859.2
review: 10/10
game-hours: 1233.9
review: dota is the !!
game-hours: 1226.6
review: Good game!
game-hours: 1396.1
review: Free way of learning Russian!
game-hours: 1582.0
review: Awesome strategy game. 10/10 would play
game-hours: 721.5
review: better than LoL.
game-hours: 1489.3
review: I REALY LOVE TO PLAY DOTA....SO I HOPE THAT THIS 2ND CHANCE IS GONA BRING ME THERE!
game-hours: 1370.2
review: What to say about Dota 2? Great, intense game that grows on you if you let it! Huge variety of different heros with different skills! Worst Community I ever expirienced in my whole life... (and Ive seen a lot) Matchmaking more than questionable...
game-hours: 767.4
review: (Y)
game-hours: 533.4
review: best geim eva
game-hours: 849.7
review: this game is awsome
game-hours: 2263.5
review: Come play Whit me
game-hours: 1979.9
review: AmazinG Game You just need a good team and Go a Head and F**k the team haha play for fun not for winS
game-hours: 335.5
review: This is the real deal
game-hours: 930.7
review: Best Game!
game-hours: 368.6
review: awesome!
game-hours: 30.8
review: Awwwww
game-hours: 853.4
review: Takes a little time to master a hero.But once you do its great.
game-hours: 617.6
review: Never had a dull moment playing dota 2. AWESOME!
game-hours: 685.1
review: raith king is fatt
game-hours: 525.3
review: OH LAWD THIS GAME IS FABULOUS IN ALL THE RIGHT WAYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11111!!!11!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!111!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1111111111111!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1111!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1111!!!!!!
game-hours: 1678.7
review: awesome
game-hours: 1300.1
review: git gud scrubs
game-hours: 833.2
review: Epic Strategy Multiplayer Online ,This game teach you how to be a good at team work and this game is very recommended for you to be Epic Gamer !
game-hours: 1125.2
review: yes
game-hours: 195.1
review: Yes. It is just as good as you'd think it would be.
game-hours: 2061.4
review: zz
game-hours: 223.0
review: A great game of strategies and combat. It is fun and enjoyable to play and more and more to learn as you progress through the levels. There are even great prizes to be won and fought for as you battle through your games.
game-hours: 609.0
review: best game and fun game
game-hours: 332.8
review: Surprisingly great game for only having one map! It doesn't seem to get boring because depending on the players in your particular game the game experience changes everytime. There are lots of unique characters to choose from and items galore. I don't normally play games like this but it has become my number one game on the linux platform and have over 100 hours logged in the past two months. It's a must have game period. Enjoy!
game-hours: 1773.8
review: like
game-hours: 795.1
review: why Ive been place to low priority, I didnt leave my recent dota 2 game
game-hours: 1896.6
review: For a lonely guy this is a great game to learn how to hate rest of the world even more! Highly recommended. Best game for ruining you sosial relationships.
game-hours: 1349.1
review: You get to meet and be cursed at by people from exotic lands!
game-hours: 18.3
review: only girls own this game. ur all girls
game-hours: 1145.5
review: best game !!
game-hours: 2335.1
review: the beast game ever :D
game-hours: 1.4
review: The game itself, is fun, graphics are interesting gameplay mechanics are simple and easy to understand at low skill levels, but complicated and take a lot of time to figure out at harder ones, the game was overaly enjoyable, but the complexivity of items and the gery of players make it.... meh. I don't know a lot about dota 2 ,but this is the imppresion I got from all the time I have played. If a friend of mine hadn't told me the real name I would think DoTA would stand for Den of Tryhard hats. Of course, I haven't played much, but this is the imppresion I got when I started: Overaly enjoyable, but unless you have enough friends for a full team avalble at all times, don't bother.
game-hours: 1102.9
review: Hours of fun, all you have to do is select in which Russia you want to play today!
game-hours: 1325.8
review: if you arent a  and you like these kind of agames then this is perfect for you because it is free all the time theres no pay to win its pay to look different. thats why i love this game. :)
game-hours: 3657.4
review: Best
game-hours: 1950.3
review: Good
game-hours: 539.6
review: garfield eats this game out daily, 10/10 would eat again
game-hours: 38.7
review: not as lame as i thought
game-hours: 1130.2
review: Dota 2 is amazing it is fun with friends, competetive, and never gets boring. I could play it for hours
game-hours: 572.6
review: Fun MOBA
game-hours: 616.9
review: Sniper has an OP unblock-able Kaitlin ult 0/10.
game-hours: 887.0
review: Awesome Game! Very Addicting and cool once you learn new heroes. Different game types also keep you on your feet and Random Hero mode will allow you to try new people and have more fun! Overall, awesome game and its a good choice as the #2 steam game behing TF2
game-hours: 1245.8
review: yes...
game-hours: 2520.1
review: its ok
game-hours: 305.9
review: Its really interesting game...a gamer must give it a try.....
game-hours: 2297.5
review: great game
game-hours: 3102.5
review: Command and very dynamic game
game-hours: 870.7
review: wow
game-hours: 668.2
review: Bzzzzz Gasky!
game-hours: 1070.8
review: Good
game-hours: 846.2
review: the best!!
game-hours: 2897.7
review: dota is awsme addictive game
game-hours: 458.8
review: A nu chiki briki i v damki
game-hours: 1572.8
review: good
game-hours: 1500.1
review: why are you not playing this game
game-hours: 164.9
review: :yay:
game-hours: 6173.2
review: Great game if you want to meet foreign people on accident. Also useful for getting insults thrown at you from strangers who have less of an idea how to play then you do. Would recommend this rage simulator to anyone.
game-hours: 1665.4
review: SUPER AWESOME GAME. FULL OF RUSSIANS :D
game-hours: 2326.5
review: :)
game-hours: 1584.6
review: I'm loving it :D
game-hours: 4673.9
review: pest online ever just try it
game-hours: 929.0
review: :P NICE GAME
game-hours: 1930.0
review: Dont Play This If You Care Bout Your Girlfriend.. Go Home Dude.. U Are Drunk..
game-hours: 188.1
review: got diretide 10/10
game-hours: 532.1
review: ...
game-hours: 900.6
review: this is a very nice game. two thumbs up!! Earthshaker
game-hours: 1789.2
review: i really love to play dota !
game-hours: 3132.8
review: This game is ing Awesome
game-hours: 328.7
review: This game is the best!
game-hours: 316.8
review: DotA 2 is a MOBA game which is the so called sequel to the Warcraft III mod DotA. Surprising both old and new players alike as to how good it is compared to others or to it's predecessor. DotA 2 is a game which is utterly repetitive, who am I kidding? Same map, same items, same heroes every single time but I never got bored or got sick of it, more like this is the reason I play it so much, to be better at the same map, using the same items and heroes at every other fight. (I play it weekly for about 8 hours, yeah 8 is my favorite #) All in all a great MOBA game, maybe the best. Better graphics than its competitors and definitely more balanced in terms of both heroes and items.
game-hours: 126.9
review: I lOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH!
game-hours: 1134.9
review: How can I delete this forever from my Steam library? Please, send help.
game-hours: 1416.2
review: STRATEGY AND TEAM WORK :D
game-hours: 1341.6
review: This game is best for people. Skill still same even we wear good costum. :D
game-hours: 206.4
review: \mm/
game-hours: 1832.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 509.2
review: This is a amazing game. i played this game first in dota frozen trone
game-hours: 1520.4
review: Tolles Spiel, aber mit Suchtgefahr ^^
game-hours: 19.2
review: Oraiotato paignion
game-hours: 728.2
review: the best game i ever seen....haha
game-hours: 278.5
review: BLYAT
game-hours: 1382.9
review: good good
game-hours: 218.8
review: QQQQQQQQQQQQ
game-hours: 4072.4
review: Amazing game! It's the same map, but every game is different. What heroes you choose change entirely what type of play style will effectively win. The items you build will make a world of difference. It's a game about learning... dota for life! xD
game-hours: 65.6
review: :)
game-hours: 1815.1
review: You either die a noob, or you live long enough to see yourself get called a hacker.
game-hours: 2087.1
review: Awesome and epic game. My favorite, 4 years ago until now :)
game-hours: 109.0
review: hello
game-hours: 1173.9
review: Dota 2 is a very extensive and deep game but this depth and complexity in my opinion means a great ceiling of fun. I really enjoy this game. You can play as an oblivious person with your oblivious friends and derp around the game and have lots of fun trying to bash each others heads in while trying to break that coveted ancient, but be warned; if you enjoy this game you might want to try playing online. Playing online is a different experience ENTIRELY. Team work becomes so much much oh ever so much much so muchly much much more crucial than before (Dr.Suess reference XD) If you are still playing with your group of friends though at this point that should help a lot. But like many people (myself included) you will be in games where you are alone amongst 4 strangers All of whom have their own agenda seemingly (it is not ALWAYS like this.) you will try your best to help your team win but it will inevitably end in a couple of your teammates being head-strong idiots who fed the other team (let the other team kill them to many times) then the fed team is big bad and bulky, then you lose. There are games where you and your team will work together and you will DESTROY!!! that will not always be the case so enjoy it when it happens and get over it when it doesn't. If you plan on being great at this game be prepared to spend hours researching what the items do; all of the recipes, heroe's skills (especially ultimates), and watch games of people who are good (I reccomend Purge he's on YouTube.) If all this seems overwhelming it's because this game can be CRAZY overwhelming however it has potential to be CRAZY fun! The bottom line is what you put into this game is what you will get out of it; at the time of this review i have 270+ hours in-game and I still feel relatively noobish; I have been having fun this whole time however. So if you don't feel like putting away crazy amounts of time into a game then i suggest you get 1-9 friends who also don't know how DOTA works to get this game and just play private games together and have a BLAST because it is quite a lot of fun. A little about me. I played DOTA 1 the Warcraft III mod as a late-comer with 1 other friend game after game and we derped PLENTY But through those games I learned about the stats and recipes of about 90% of the items in the game, giving me a pretty sizable advantage. I could have made this review about ten times longer but then it would have been a guide... (it already kind of is) 10/10 by the way this game is great!
game-hours: 975.8
review: Very fun competitive game
game-hours: 508.5
review: Drink vodka.. Win dotka.
game-hours: 307.1
review: ing  makes me ragequit all the time! One mistake and you are anally  by the other team AND your teammates.  THIS GAME! 10/10.
game-hours: 1257.5
review: <3
game-hours: 708.6
review: loooooooooool
game-hours: 6214.2
review: very complex and nice game. Takes a while to learn but is worth the time.
game-hours: 2477.1
review: ,
game-hours: 1795.4
review: This Game is for sure gonna keep you occupied.....
game-hours: 2412.3
review: Makes you a racist against Brazilians and Russians, takes over your life, but is satisfying about 50% of the time.
game-hours: 1811.2
review: Hi guys, as an avid player of Dota ( yea I started from Dota 1) I would like to recommend this game to each and every single person who has ever had a liking to either stragey (RTS) and/or MMORPG games. Although Dota has a steep learning curve but its still enjoyable.
game-hours: 1542.0
review: aw
game-hours: 1928.4
review: lovedota ..
game-hours: 1579.7
review: this game and is  and the only reason I play it is because Im homeless and homeless people trashcanmen play this game dont ing be like that its terrible no one likes this garbage game except the chinese who are literally subhuman due to their natural ability to play this game look at iG.Chuan hes fat used to be a baller now hes fat what the  man look at him he played dota now hes literally subhuman how does one deal with such a thing people these days jeez
game-hours: 70.0
review: Is the ! :)
game-hours: 557.6
review: 100 Character Select via 400 Ability Toggle I recommended
game-hours: 1623.1
review: good game
game-hours: 567.5
review: Good Game
game-hours: 84.0
review: very good game <3
game-hours: 879.5
review: good game <3
game-hours: 3011.6
review: nice and strategic game
game-hours: 2523.5
review: Good Game !
game-hours: 956.7
review: I love to play dota and this is the nice version of it
game-hours: 486.9
review: dota 2 is the bast
game-hours: 641.7
review: This game has sucked a lot of hours out of my life and I've loved every second, it has a steep learning curve but over time you will get better. A complete blast with friends.
game-hours: 905.8
review: Terbaek la....
game-hours: 546.6
review: this is exelent game :v
game-hours: 2088.4
review: In DOTA 2 you will meet people from all over the world, learn from their cultures and their languages! Prepare for an exhilarating experience with this game, figthing side to side with your allies and formulating elaborate strategies together with them to win battles! Communication is key, the players know it and you will be ever sorrounded by words of ecouragement, leadership and forgiveness every step of the way. If you're looking for an enjoyable and friendly multiplayer experience look no more! DOTA 2 is for you!
game-hours: 1040.7
review: Nice and wonderful game ever~
game-hours: 674.1
review: Awesome Game!..
game-hours: 1965.2
review: Nice game
game-hours: 2034.3
review: Good fun game.
game-hours: 1938.3
review: great game !!!
game-hours: 57.2
review: If BassHunter made a song about this then you know it ROCKS!!
game-hours: 49.5
review: A great PvP game that offers some of the most intriguing and nuanced team combat around.
game-hours: 2285.6
review: Too many OP HEROES
game-hours: 299.5
review: wonderful game
game-hours: 2282.9
review: This game has destroyed my faith in other human beings. 10/10 Side note:
game-hours: 2202.5
review: El warcraft of the ancients me gusta , pero no lo puedo jugar porque no es free to play , nadie es libre para jugar en esta vida Sin embargo poder recorrer diferentes lugares en el juego como Venecia , o las islas de bolivia , no tiene precio! Aunque de nuevo como dije anteriormente , para jugarlo tenes que pagarlo primero pero los puzzles en el juego hacen que valga la pena el precio ! Tenemos mucha suerte de que el juego sea gratis . Saludos a los que siguen mis revius de cerca PD: besos PDD: chau PDDDDDDD :
game-hours: 917.8
review: awsoome
game-hours: 2902.7
review: Cool!
game-hours: 4942.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 2369.9
review: pretty crazy owkeo1k2oej1d12
game-hours: 1364.5
review: A great, free reliable language learner for all !!
game-hours: 535.2
review: Definately, this game is great especially with friends. It has a great community.
game-hours: 1283.4
review: yes
game-hours: 355.0
review: !!!!!!!
game-hours: 446.8
review: AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME :D
game-hours: 2590.9
review: Best Game Ever!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 5.7
review: It's sort of like League of Legends but different.
game-hours: 1972.9
review: Gives you a reason to use the spanish you learned in highschool.
game-hours: 2245.1
review: Good graphic, nice system using matchmaking gameplay.. Flexible name change and harmless stats record..
game-hours: 3176.9
review: DIS IS DA BAST GAEM EVAR!!?!??!?!?! GAO AWHEAD AND PALY DIS GAEM!!!!
game-hours: 2211.8
review: good game
game-hours: 938.8
review: great strategy game ever!!
game-hours: 187.3
review: Seriously, I've gone from paying Heroes of Newrth to League of Legends to Dota and the only game I've stuck to playing constantly out of the three is Dota. I find it easier than HoN but more challenging than League. I have no major glitches like I did when I played League and I love all the heroes that can be played. I've gotten quite a few of my friends to either pick Dota 2 back up or to start playing it. Like any other game you run into a few rude players but otherwise the community is great. I highy recommend this to anyone looking for a game to play like League or HoN!
game-hours: 2010.2
review: i want more keys to invite my friends :P
game-hours: 2273.7
review: as
game-hours: 1130.5
review: This is tons of fun and very challenging
game-hours: 147.3
review: Nice Game I had ever played> WEW WEW Ahehe
game-hours: 1473.8
review: Nice game
game-hours: 327.8
review: Well made game. Do you have 4 other friends to consistantly play with? no? dont bother with this one then.
game-hours: 1225.6
review: like (Y)
game-hours: 741.7
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 1140.3
review: DOTA this some nasty  MOBA i hate u so much but the  game ridiculous
game-hours: 46.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 137.3
review: very good game
game-hours: 2242.7
review: SAD GAME!!!!
game-hours: 1055.2
review: this is nice game
game-hours: 1150.6
review: "leroy sucks at this"
game-hours: 326.4
review: This is AWESOMEEE :D
game-hours: 1074.9
review: i love dota2
game-hours: 957.6
review: Nice
game-hours: 1983.6
review: ^_^Nice
game-hours: 926.5
review: best strategy game ever, try this n u will never regret it. this game is free to play,
game-hours: 2836.2
review: Favourite game
game-hours: 3193.5
review: 10/10 would rage again
game-hours: 312.7
review: I Like This Game This Is Cool XD
game-hours: 533.0
review: =) <3
game-hours: 1140.3
review: Very addicting game that has a lot of exciting different characters with special abilities tobatlle with. Lots of items to buy aswell. :)
game-hours: 1575.6
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 2546.5
review: nice game!!
game-hours: 1565.8
review: its good you should play sometimes :)
game-hours: 1380.5
review: wow , it's a amazing game, love it 4ever
game-hours: 1570.1
review: Make dota,dont love
game-hours: 629.1
review: it's fun to play
game-hours: 569.9
review: Awesome game, very fun (BETTER THAN LOL)
game-hours: 186.4
review: lets play
game-hours: 1842.3
review: Never before have I hated people who don't have a mic so much. This game has made vocal communication the only way to communicate during a game. Also, I am now racist against anyone who doesn't speak english. 10 of 10
game-hours: 1582.9
review: good
game-hours: 1018.6
review: dont play dota 2 , why ?????????
game-hours: 1593.8
review: commend me nice plz.. ^_^
game-hours: 187.4
review: why is it not opening the game dota 2 plz help plz fix it :(
game-hours: 976.9
review: keeewl
game-hours: 3262.7
review: niceeeee
game-hours: 133.9
review: ftw
game-hours: 956.2
review: dis game cray
game-hours: 134.6
review: :)
game-hours: 1712.3
review: aaa
game-hours: 1113.0
review: Nothing to say This is my review.
game-hours: 1082.2
review: My favourite game
game-hours: 2492.9
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 3.2
review: dota
game-hours: 1999.3
review: Great game Try it
game-hours: 26.5
review: Great game, really good to play with friends.
game-hours: 2778.4
review: ??????
game-hours: 3824.9
review: Cant Live without this game :D
game-hours: 8860.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 1137.8
review: Its free and fun, so why not??
game-hours: 2599.8
review: Best game i have played in my life
game-hours: 787.8
review: Love this game..
game-hours: 868.0
review: Once you get past the vertical wall of a difficulty spike, this game becomes one of the funnest things you can play for free.
game-hours: 1539.5
review: Classic.
game-hours: 2758.4
review: more interesting than real life.
game-hours: 2708.2
review: so gewd <3
game-hours: 3379.3
review: yeah!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 4520.9
review: XD
game-hours: 1801.4
review: good growing game
game-hours: 971.7
review: Loads of  in-game, but after you get past your noob phase, YOU BECOME THE .
game-hours: 879.5
review: nice
game-hours: 1865.1
review: Most epic
game-hours: 7.4
review: gjghjhjhhjghjg
game-hours: 923.4
review: Very Good Game. A Must Try ^_^
game-hours: 36.4
review: Awesome Game. Takes some learning though.
game-hours: 324.8
review: I can't recall a game that is more addictive than this son of a .
game-hours: 454.0
review: This games good do stuff with it have kids, no one cares
game-hours: 194.1
review: LE BEST GAME EUW COS THE SERVERS ACTUALLY WORK!
game-hours: 2033.8
review: Great game and addictive.
game-hours: 1029.3
review: Igraj dotu brateu!
game-hours: 493.6
review: The learning curve on this game is immense, but after a lot of practice, I've formed myself into a decent player, learning the rules on how to survive, when to attack, and what to buy/save takes a little bit of experience, but it's all worth it in the end. It's a free multiplayer game, what's the harm in downloading?
game-hours: 493.5
review: I advise, if you want to really have fun, go Nyx and Sven :D
game-hours: 159.7
review: Can't stop playing it
game-hours: 773.1
review: wow good so amaze
game-hours: 929.8
review: amazing game...best moba
game-hours: 8.6
review: FUN for those who like teamwork and turret defense games!
game-hours: 91.3
review: (Y)
game-hours: 2755.6
review: Wow, much hero, such dota, so feed wow
game-hours: 2976.0
review: good game
game-hours: 362.1
review: Awesome !!
game-hours: 750.7
review: :D
game-hours: 1346.0
review: ahhhh did u just ask me to a review a game?Oh yeah dota is too gooodd!
game-hours: 1265.5
review: Steep learning curve, but tons of fun while playing with friends!
game-hours: 87.7
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 1157.3
review: awesome
game-hours: 560.9
review: Love this game!
game-hours: 201.5
review: yes its a good game
game-hours: 1414.2
review: the best game
game-hours: 174.9
review: When u involve theres no outside world
game-hours: 1123.3
review: yes this is a fun to play game :) and i love it DOTA 2 FOREVER
game-hours: 1222.5
review: good game if you want to learn 5 different languages
game-hours: 316.0
review: Best Doto
game-hours: 22.7
review: really fun if you like league of legends you`ll love this
game-hours: 695.7
review: The game is great
game-hours: 37.2
review: I died. A lot. 10/10 would die again.
game-hours: 43.8
review: This is an excellent game. For Warcraft 3 lovers, who have played the original DOTA, this will blow you away. There have been a lot of improvements to the overall gameplay, balancing, item modification, hero selection, and overall purpose to the game. For players new to DOTA, not only is this game free to play, (with some purchasable items in game that have no effect on the outcome of the game, just cosmetics), but it is very easily learned, a lot of fun, and it is a game that can be played in about 45 minute intervals. The DOTA Profile is also a great feature, leveling you up as you gain experience so you can be matched with players that are relatively the same skill level you are. It also includes some fun information, like who your most successful heroes were, your win/loss record, and items that you want to feature. Coaching/Spectating is a great new feature from the original DOTA Warcraft 3 Map, because you can have experienced players come in and watch you play, coaching you. You can set it to where you can only listen to that person and no one else, providing personalized instruction. Hero Build/ Item Build is awesome, you can literally create customized builds for your heroes that can be used through the entire steam community. If you're learning a hero you've never played, selecting a community build is a great way to learn. There are many other features, and many other reasons to give the game a try. Whether your an old hat at DOTA, or looking for a change of pace, this game is for you.
game-hours: 307.7
review: This game is awsome!
game-hours: 1260.3
review: thumbs up
game-hours: 1631.4
review: Good and Funtastic Game ever ... I Love this game , I spent all of my time for this game ..
game-hours: 424.1
review: best game in the world.
game-hours: 671.8
review: good
game-hours: 146.8
review: Super Fun and Stratigic Based
game-hours: 875.9
review: straight cash homie
game-hours: 1475.1
review: g...
game-hours: 951.4
review: gooooooooooood
game-hours: 2070.6
review: nice
game-hours: 1186.1
review: this game really awesome!
game-hours: 2445.7
review: :(
game-hours: 185.3
review: Yeah.. because it is full of enjoyment and ecitement.. :)
game-hours: 517.2
review: Is nice, addictive as hell!
game-hours: 2759.1
review: This is the most awesome strategy, team, social, self-learning, kick-, and 'whatever you can think of' game of all times!! Making friends or foes in the entire world. Happy trolling! ROFL
game-hours: 1213.2
review: FANTASTIC!NEVER GETS BORED
game-hours: 1645.6
review: Great game with alot of choices tough i recomend finding friends to play it with as the community can be quite aggressive and also there seems to be quite a large number of players that do not care in language search preference seeing despite having it set to only english i see russian, german and all sort of languages in chat but if you can come over the two points i mentioned before and manage to learn game mechanics and also other things such as what roles and heroes you like this is a really nice game to put your time into
game-hours: 2659.5
review: Awesome Game, very very addictive <3
game-hours: 4589.2
review: The Best Games
game-hours: 2392.2
review: Better than LoL
game-hours: 2734.4
review: ken
game-hours: 2750.0
review: Really nice game! Strategic, Team, and allot of fun!
game-hours: 850.1
review: Ez
game-hours: 1525.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 374.8
review: (Y)
game-hours: 1027.7
review: J> Key 23k
game-hours: 1466.5
review: great
game-hours: 2776.3
review: why SEA asia sever keep got problem i keep cant ply with my friends
game-hours: 1137.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 2120.3
review: GGWP!
game-hours: 2430.9
review: -karma
game-hours: 2383.8
review: gg
game-hours: 1461.1
review: Mid or Feed. :>
game-hours: 25.4
review: U should get this game
game-hours: 1070.1
review: MAKE BATRIDER NORMAL VOLVO, FIX HIM
game-hours: 751.5
review: Its the dotes. Get dotes in your life.
game-hours: 45.0
review: Very fun game and great to play with friends
game-hours: 4808.5
review: DotA is an awesome highly competitive game, those who like being better than others will enjoy it a lot
game-hours: 885.4
review: Nice game indeed :D
game-hours: 4870.9
review: good game
game-hours: 1390.1
review: haha dota 2 like
game-hours: 3320.1
review: good game
game-hours: 702.8
review: play and enjoy
game-hours: 366.1
review: Dota 2 is fun, cool & addictive. I highly recommend this masterpiece.  Ce jeu est une tuerie, essayer c'est l'adopter !
game-hours: 1726.8
review: So, it's good team game.
game-hours: 635.0
review: Currently the best Moba out there! Played hundreds of hours on League of legends.. but they have destroyed it with so many patches and server crashes..! Dota2!! GO!
game-hours: 1068.3
review: Russians.
game-hours: 1496.1
review: Good game :D
game-hours: 924.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 516.8
review: Play it, play it now! 6.80 will blow!!!! Best game since WOW, nothing got me hooked so much...
game-hours: 4231.5
review: Best game on Steam, requires alot of skill and tactics, best with friends. Most popular game on steam definetly recomend.
game-hours: 2694.9
review: Game for gods.
game-hours: 2441.9
review: best game sofar
game-hours: 666.0
review: Sometimes a headache, always training noobs, getting ganked when it's least expected, those cheap characters (you know which ones I am talking about,) and half of your team quiting most of the time when they get pwned for acting crazy. 10/10 game. Would recommend to anyone... Welcome to the end of your life, and say goodbye to the sun.
game-hours: 80.1
review: Best Game For make a newfriend make a laugh and Make me happy everytime i playing this game
game-hours: 553.8
review: after 6 years of DotA, here are my thoughts on Dota 2 mmr is broken as  skill gap between players is as big as valve's profits made from TF2 hats matchmaking is horrible even in rankeds. (got matched up with someone with ~100 hours, fed 3/17 as riki) at least two russians guaranteed on your team on EUW. "eu" pubs are even worse, don't get me started on them. uninstalled. also 6.82. ew. ew. ew. ewwww.
game-hours: 38.2
review: full of s
game-hours: 1125.6
review: The original, now with hats.
game-hours: 130.4
review: ggwp
game-hours: 1521.6
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 456.1
review: 10/10 this game has taken 220 social life hours away from me
game-hours: 718.7
review: Good game!
game-hours: 2549.1
review: (Y)
game-hours: 3852.2
review: nc game
game-hours: 281.7
review: A good MOBA but the community is a let down from time to time. I found the learning curve quite steep so beginners will find this painful to play until they have played at least 10 games+
game-hours: 766.1
review: fun game for me
game-hours: 323.2
review: uuuuu
game-hours: 2149.6
review: este jogo  fantstico !
game-hours: 1620.8
review: hehehehe
game-hours: 1588.1
review: Nice game, worth to play :)
game-hours: 521.3
review: asdas
game-hours: 1257.1
review: ruined my life cant stop play
game-hours: 2124.6
review: 1 word to say awesome
game-hours: 350.0
review: Hehe
game-hours: 1095.7
review: i really like this game ive been playing dota since when i was on year 4 and im really look forward using more new characters
game-hours: 1723.0
review: +
game-hours: 2820.9
review: nice game tactic and strategy !
game-hours: 594.7
review: GG game :)
game-hours: 2.4
review: 2 gud 4 quikskop l2 l1 2 gud
game-hours: 1206.8
review: gOOD GaME.. :)
game-hours: 475.7
review: THIS NICE GAME
game-hours: 1882.1
review: I hope this game have produce many set of the character in Dota 2.The graphic nice and the weather fx are awesome.
game-hours: 3752.1
review: Simplesmente o melhor Jogo!
game-hours: 791.2
review: Good game and . Don't pick riki. pls
game-hours: 2148.7
review: what a unbelieveable game
game-hours: 790.8
review: noob go die
game-hours: 1849.6
review: VERY ADDICTIVE! you cant just play 1 game in a day haha and because of my love to this GAME and because i dont want to be separated from it "DOTA 2" I decided to open my own internet cafe for Gaming, now lots my customers are playing 24hours, haha addicting but i am using it for some profit in return! so instead of being called a useless  i am now called a business owner! haha keep it up makers of dota 2, i salute you! c'', )
game-hours: 2045.5
review: This game is the reason why mmorpg's are not that much of a hit anymore.
game-hours: 1096.4
review: Most awesome game
game-hours: 2460.7
review: As someone who had never played the original Dota for Warcraft 3 and had only played League of Legends prior to the release of Dota 2, I can safely say it's worth the switch. The game was a little daunting at first to get learn but Valve offer plenty of ways to learn, such as their tutorial system or bot match, even better now they added the in-game user guide menu which makes everything so much easier. There is a huge selection of heroes to pick from, each unique and fun to play including roles I wouldn't normally touch such as support, I honestly don't mind it in this game because it's fun. Every aspect of this game seems to be done really well, and it doesn't seem like Valve is stopping on the updates anytime soon. The only negative thing I can say about this game is the community, but theses days if you play online you can expect that in any game.
game-hours: 298.5
review: awesome
game-hours: 1779.6
review: the game is good but the servers are very bad
game-hours: 637.1
review: A must play for anyone. From a large pool of unique heroes you play as one who possesses unique abilities to be used in tandem with the rest of your team in order to out-maneuver the opposing team. My first MOBA was LoL, and I have permanently made the switch to Dota 2 after weighing the pros and cons, and have never looked back. With the talented people at Valve continuing to produce and develop this game, I am absolutely certain this will be a revered classic for many years to come.
game-hours: 1731.3
review: Amazing! Best game ever next to Elder Scrolls! Get it now!
game-hours: 724.5
review: Very GooD Game ! I Love Steam <3... !
game-hours: 2155.0
review: Recommend commend
game-hours: 1050.6
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 1352.5
review: Save yourself while you still have a life. Run for it.
game-hours: 1204.9
review: cant get enough!
game-hours: 2453.9
review: Biggest waste of my time. 5 stars :D
game-hours: 197.7
review: This game is play much by myself, but I feel it lacks in abillites and champion roles in the sense that it really doesn't have much varity in how you build your champ/hero as a build can work in just about every situtation. This my seem like a major nark on the game, but I'd say its rather good besides that one part. It has good graphics and a fairly good champ/hero pool. I would say try this out if you're content on not play LoL and games like this, but if you're open to the Moba lifestyle try LoL first honestly. 3.5 out of 5 stars for gameplay. 4.5 out of 5 stars for Pc controls
game-hours: 0.7
review: I 'like' this game.
game-hours: 22.2
review: A truly free to play game with a learning cliff. Hard as hell, but equally rewarding. Definetly prefer over League of Legends.
game-hours: 4049.1
review: very good game for trading and playing :) all thanks to steam ^^
game-hours: 27.0
review: Best MOBA.
game-hours: 1333.8
review: AWE
game-hours: 66.1
review: GO PLAY THIS GAME! <3
game-hours: 1973.1
review: DOTAAAAAAAAAAAAA
game-hours: 284.3
review: racism simulator 2014
game-hours: 2749.0
review: The only strategy game for me! Lots of fun and nerves (sometimes). It will kill all of your time and you won`t regret. :)
game-hours: 35.4
review: wowowow good game
game-hours: 2412.0
review: nice game :D
game-hours: 874.8
review: yea
game-hours: 1005.7
review: Sickest game evah !
game-hours: 1427.0
review: awesome ... just awesome
game-hours: 7328.5
review: this game made my life
game-hours: 102.5
review: One of the best games on Steam. 10/10
game-hours: 54.9
review: The best MOBA for experienced players. This game delivers the basics of "Multiplayer Online Battle Arena - Games" while being well balanced in difficulty and complexity.
game-hours: 1367.0
review: Game is hard
game-hours: 2197.3
review: Very good game. So Pround ABout this game. Feel the imagination. Creative
game-hours: 2661.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 1455.2
review: great russian dating service
game-hours: 1016.1
review: Syndrome of "Only one more match please", and "I HATE THIS GAME SO MUCH" is present. A must play for every MOBA player, just to check how bad you are in this game.
game-hours: 1051.2
review: You can click the bad man and make him die
game-hours: 234.0
review: Best Game in the world
game-hours: 1435.4
review: Please play this game.You'll have fun.
game-hours: 561.4
review: Two teams of five fight across three lanes. Three specific types of shop sell sixty different magical items. There are more than a hundred characters to play, and an unknown quantity still to come. Eight types of specific role that you can play as part of your team. Its safe to say that Dota 2 is a game of numbers. Despite Valves best efforts to ease players in gently, Dota 2 is an inherently overwhelming game. The first few hours of this MOBA are relentlessly bemusing, but after that the difficulty curve becomes smoother - giving you a tangible sense of how youll get better. Each match tends to last somewhere between 30 minutes and an hour, offering vast amounts of entertainment if youve got the time. Lengthy games can cause frustration when things arent going well, however, which is the main source of Dota 2s rep for breeding a virulent strain of internet . Losing isnt frustrating if youre learning something new, and getting to know every character will take roughly 100 hours. Its also worth mentioning that you really get to know them - the vocal work and animations are superb, giving Dota 2 some of the best character design in gaming. Over the next 50 hours it becomes clear that Dota 2s complexity isnt pointless PC-RPG-posturing. Every character, skill, and item serves a purpose. Its a pleasant surprise to find that its depth doesnt damage the clarity of the design. Gold buys you items and XP levels characters up, but in contrast to the messy fashion in which the RPG genre has incrementally evolved, Dota 2s purity shines. Whilst too impenetrable to entice non-savvy spectators, theres no doubting the games quality as an E-sport. Youll need knowledge, skill, and a smidge of spider-sense. Friends to learn with are a must, and dont be deceived by the lack of a pricetag: Dota 2 will cost you hundreds of hours.
game-hours: 14.3
review: best
game-hours: 1988.5
review: Geras geimas,ibandyk ir --->tu!<---
game-hours: 4393.0
review: It's Just Ecstasy.Once You Get The Hold Of It You Will Never Let Go...
game-hours: 2039.3
review: weeew
game-hours: 753.5
review: Get wrecked Turbonerds!
game-hours: 1800.9
review: Learn Russian in no time! !
game-hours: 1331.6
review: decent at times, awfully frustrating at others. The life of Dota 2
game-hours: 1845.5
review: ,
game-hours: 541.3
review: Try not to suck at this like I do.
game-hours: 3230.9
review: trashcan
game-hours: 963.4
review: Lemayan nih
game-hours: 1212.3
review: Free...........Fun
game-hours: 527.4
review: Take the time to learn how to play, and you will be richly rewarded. No hats, unfortunately.
game-hours: 2750.9
review: awsome game..
game-hours: 909.4
review: awweqw
game-hours: 3635.9
review: GG WP!
game-hours: 2681.4
review: the best game i have ever come across.!:D
game-hours: 247.3
review: dota
game-hours: 1374.5
review: This game iz so good!
game-hours: 2356.8
review: Dota 2 has easily become the best MOBA out at the moment, fast paced action with a mixture of easy to learn characters and hard to master ones aswell, constant updates with great game modes. If your looking for a MOBA thats easy to get into this is the game for you.
game-hours: 2328.2
review: best game ever !!..haha
game-hours: 810.7
review: Hoo !
game-hours: 3185.4
review: Causes anxiety problems, low self esteem, Tourette's syndrome, mood swings, Bipolar disorder, breakdown of relationships, raging erections, racism. Would definitely recommend.
game-hours: 841.5
review: ATPL zamani oynamayin tehlikeli
game-hours: 2150.8
review: u should play dota 2
game-hours: 839.2
review: Nice Game Ever Played !
game-hours: 2772.2
review: can't stop playing this :3
game-hours: 133.4
review: Wery good game for people who likes team work and meeting new people every match.
game-hours: 817.4
review: Fun and Awesome, would recommend playing this game! Full of things to discover and got to have strategies to play this game.
game-hours: 1447.1
review: :)
game-hours: 2335.9
review: epic game
game-hours: 1799.4
review: TOO MUCH ADDICTING GAME! I CAN'T STOP PLAYING!!!!
game-hours: 1378.5
review: bloddy awsome most addictive game i have come across
game-hours: 640.2
review: it is sooo addictive ^^
game-hours: 3187.1
review: 9.5/10 Very nice game but make sure to enable the "Mute All Chat" option ingame.
game-hours: 977.9
review: i love dota2 <3
game-hours: 1837.3
review: Challenging game with great art. Requires mass strategy. I love it. Highly addictive.
game-hours: 1084.3
review: good game
game-hours: 4274.8
review: So much dota ... so little time
game-hours: 1053.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 1375.1
review: nice strategy game ever :)
game-hours: 1531.3
review: I think this is good. Eventually ......
game-hours: 469.4
review: interesting game!
game-hours: 6073.2
review: lalalalala
game-hours: 1981.8
review: 10/10 I learned russian
game-hours: 1144.4
review: :P
game-hours: 3672.7
review: My backpack is worth hundreds of dollars and yet i still can't bring myself to cash out, i want my life back :(
game-hours: 1540.7
review: Pretty nice game and this is one of the main reasons why i created my steam account, best part of this game is that you could kill a donkey and your enemy team would probably report you for doing that.
game-hours: 531.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 796.9
review: yxcasd
game-hours: 208.8
review: I Love Dota 2.
game-hours: 458.4
review: Perfect for learning russian
game-hours: 1158.2
review: It is the best of games, it is the worst of games. There hasn't be a game in recent years that is equally likely to make you swear at the screen and idiotic teammates, as it is to make you smile and laugh when stuff goes well. I guarantee every game will produce emotion, even if some of those are better left unfelt. Just don't punish the hardware you're playing on, it's not to blame. And the first couple dozen games you play, you will hate it. And your team will hate you. And you'll be told to delete dota and kill yourself. And because you're persistent and don't take crap from random morons on the internet, you will ignore them and get better at the game purely out of spite. It's a great game. Let the other player's hatered fuel your desire to improve, and you will get better.
game-hours: 1158.2
review: It is the best of games, it is the worst of games. There hasn't be a game in recent years that is equally likely to make you swear at the screen and idiotic teammates, as it is to make you smile and laugh when stuff goes well. I guarantee every game will produce emotion, even if some of those are better left unfelt. Just don't punish the hardware you're playing on, it's not to blame. And the first couple dozen games you play, you will hate it. And your team will hate you. And you'll be told to delete dota and kill yourself. And because you're persistent and don't take crap from random morons on the internet, you will ignore them and get better at the game purely out of spite. It's a great game. Let the other player's hatered fuel your desire to improve, and you will get better.
game-hours: 3192.7
review: One of the biggest addictions there are, moba games, this one is nostalgic, good old wc3 with new engine makes it playable to the next level and + you will probably start talking russian fluidly trust me :)
game-hours: 3000.6
review: If youre looking for a reason to commit time to Dota 2  if youre actually reading this review for advice and a critical opinion, rather than to see what score Im going to give the most popular game on Steam  then, first up, thanks for being here. Second, I want you to consider what it means when two grown men accidentally lather each other in regenerative goop. Its gamings equivalent of holding a door open for somebody who is already reaching to hold the door open for you: a synchronicity of kindness that speaks to a deeper shared understanding of the situation both people are in. Dota is a game where you can say the words are you thinking what Im thinking? and be reliably assured that the person on the other end of your VoIP connection actually is. It might have the systems and bearing of a videogame, but Dota shares the social impetus of a sport. Its single environment isnt a map, its a pitch.
game-hours: 2650.6
review: Super Time Killer of Justice
game-hours: 2880.4
review: nice
game-hours: 731.3
review: great game
game-hours: 875.8
review: 100% life stealer
game-hours: 1516.8
review: this is an amazing game
game-hours: 1924.9
review: hi allll
game-hours: 580.3
review: Yeah!
game-hours: 1648.8
review: I played league of legends for 2 years before finally switching to Dota 2. It is better in basically every way. Huge learning curve (I'm still a total noob after 250+ games) but almost always fun. The amount of possible plays you can make with various heroes/items is basically infinite. The best PvP game in many years.
game-hours: 3465.1
review: Good Game
game-hours: 448.4
review: Just try it
game-hours: 1314.3
review: new player =)
game-hours: 2501.3
review: OMG YOU DONT PLAY DOTA 2 GO FIND YOURSELF A KEY QUICKLY !
game-hours: 988.5
review: o yeah
game-hours: 1258.0
review: Yes.
game-hours: 1904.2
review: .
game-hours: 1446.5
review: oooo
game-hours: 954.8
review: !!      !!
game-hours: 3030.6
review: cant stop playing dota 2
game-hours: 2127.9
review: New meta: Armlet CM, Bloodstone Axe, Dagon ALL HEROES !!
game-hours: 1085.8
review: This game.... where do i even start. this game has consumed, no, devoured into its abyss more than a thousand hours of my life. That's like watching you're favorite tv show (without ads) for close to 3000 episodes. I would rather kill myself rather than watch 3000 episodes of tv. After all these countless hours exploring the gaping void of what seems to be, as some would call, fun, in dota 2, i have learned a few things: 1. if someone picks void, lycan or naga, leave immidiately. Do not pass go, do not collect 200 gold. 2. Do not attempt to understand russia, russian people, culture, or anything associated with the words , blyat, id inahui, etc. 3. This game will destroy your ing life Still better than LoL dan outa dan - John wins
game-hours: 1298.3
review: NC game
game-hours: 768.7
review: I made a recommendation for DotA 2 a while back, but that was when I was awful at the game. Now, that I am not awful, I can accurately explain why this is one of the greatest games I have ever played. (Good = +, Neutral = o, Bad = -) + Over 100 Unique Heroes, and, the roster is still growing! + Thousands of items to fully customize your Heroes + So many Heroes, that there is a great chance you will find your favorite one. + Hilarious announcers. o Some people of the community are asshats + So many ways to make your playstyle unique with in-game items. + Many online modes that will keep you busy + Extremely time consuming to level up, so, a level 30 isn't something you see often. Until recently of course, they had an update which make's it extremely easy to level up from 1-10. Which I dislike, I feel as if we earlier players deserve compensation, but it's not that big of a deal. + Everytime you level up, you have the chance to unlock rarer items. + Everytime you level up, you get awarded an item. + Items can be found just by playing ranked/pub matches. + Portal Pack/Stanley Parable Pack + Game is updated constantly, fixing bugs, and adding new content. + ABSOLUTELY FREE! o Addicting, which in turn will make you spend your money on in-game content. Which is of course your fault and in no way the game's fault, but it's still like a hypnotic spell. + Absolutely beautiful visuals. + Very strategic gameplay. + Great soundtrack. o Getting started can be a pain, unless you have the time, or a friend to help you. + Doesn't publish your losses, which can occassionally ruin troll's. + Even if you win or lose a match, Battle Points are handed out equally, and drop rate is the same for everybody, so, losing really isn't too much of a big deal. But, as of recent, big Battle Point Booster's are around, I have a friend who is level 7 but only has 10 game's played, I remember when I was level 7, I had around 100 game's played... it's quite annoying. + Valve allows users to create items for the game, and if your item is picked, you will get payed by Valve, and your item will be put in the game. + Matches you with people your level, so you won't be fighting a level 55. + Even if you don't notice, after playing this game, you will gradually get much better, sadly, you won't be able to notice in ranked/pub matches, since you get matched with people your level. Play this for a while, and fight one of your new friends, you will surprise yourself. + Warcraft inspired Heroes, which is incredible, since I was a big fan of Warcraft. If you don't like games that involve competing, or you easily rage quit, this isn't the game for you. But, if you're fine with rage quits, and difficult opponents, you will love this game, it's fun, and, even after 600+ hours of playing, I am still doing things I have never done before... DotA 2 Deserves 10 Kats all over it's pretty little Ancient... out of 10
game-hours: 142.1
review: One of the best free games i've played.Part(not all) of the community is perty toxic but then again each game has its own bad players. Overall it's a sweet moba game to play and I do recommend giving it a try.
game-hours: 511.6
review: The best MOBA of all the MOBAS.
game-hours: 36.7
review: like league of legends, but harder
game-hours: 1273.0
review: like
game-hours: 1678.2
review: very good game
game-hours: 1223.2
review: Dota is life.
game-hours: 1210.9
review: Its in the bag.
game-hours: 486.9
review: :D
game-hours: 1764.2
review: Release pudge war please, i love it.
game-hours: 354.2
review: hours of totally fun
game-hours: 1321.9
review: hahahahahahahaah
game-hours: 53.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 1060.3
review: love it
game-hours: 73.9
review: nice game,but expensive cosmetics
game-hours: 2331.4
review: challenging and stragetic
game-hours: 1253.0
review: excelente juego! Recomendado.
game-hours: 1383.6
review: a tha khawp a lawm...wahaha
game-hours: 2125.7
review: :)
game-hours: 479.9
review: Dota 2, a free to play strategy game wherein players team up and battle with other teams. This is so great, they improve so much the old DOTA in warcraft frozen throne, and they also add items that can freely customize your favorite heroes. Great marketing strategy, live long dota 2!
game-hours: 2479.4
review: You start out as a newcomer, trying something new. Then you get to know more people. Soon, you'll find yourself  with people. , Dota 2 becomes a  game. The game becomes  ,  . Then, a new  comes up and opens a   . More friends  , .           .    ,          .
game-hours: 119.4
review: It's a good game everybody should play it :D
game-hours: 274.2
review: i like dota 2
game-hours: 1187.4
review: alus bray
game-hours: 4387.6
review: - -
game-hours: 1546.7
review: 10 ducks/9
game-hours: 130.3
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 2758.9
review: This game improved so much since it was released on the beta. There are over 90 heroes to choose from currently and the gamplay is as intence and as rewarding as DOTA 1. I know alot of people will be hesitant to try it at first but there has been a new tutorial system implemented in DOTA 2 and I think it will help new comers. I know some people who play LOL might bash in this game, but both games are compleatly different. Its like comparing COD and Battlefield, they are so different that connot be compared. (no preference on either game, I think bot of them are good) Give this game a try, the learning curve is very steep but it is rewarding when you learn. I think this is the best gave valve has ever developed and has been the most played game on steam ever since the second year of beta development. Try it out, its free and badass!
game-hours: 51.7
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 2113.6
review: Would hat again. 10/10
game-hours: 3425.4
review: nice!
game-hours: 2364.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 953.6
review: aaaa
game-hours: 1096.3
review: Addictive game
game-hours: 1068.2
review: Good MOBA in the world.~
game-hours: 136.8
review: y i cant in the account steam
game-hours: 485.1
review: The number of Russians is TOO DAMN HIGH 10/10
game-hours: 1519.7
review: Good
game-hours: 5.8
review: BEsT GaMe EVEr Mark faGgo ShouLD PlaY iT
game-hours: 2994.4
review: Dota 2 is not a game, it is a sport and should be played a such.
game-hours: 191.0
review: Hot!!!!
game-hours: 1378.3
review: Best Game in my LIFE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 273.5
review: DOTA 2 is a great game. It's very tactical. You've the choice of over dozens of heroes. Everybody will find his own special one, for every different playstyle. It's free to play and the ingame shop is absolutly fair and you need no items from this shop. All items are pure cosmetic. If you want to play this game for free, you have to know a person with free copies of this game. The alternative is to buy this game in the steam store. If you buy this game, you'll get some special items for the game. But join a steam group for dota to find guys with free copies.
game-hours: 580.3
review: EOE
game-hours: 32.3
review: Great game, very strategic. I like that you can play bots, and they did a really good job with the A.I. on the bots. Lots of custimization. A real free game but is worth buying.
game-hours: 2578.6
review: GOOD
game-hours: 131.9
review: The difficulty spike is INSANELY high, but if you overcome it this game is very rewarding :D
game-hours: 842.2
review: rfdsf
game-hours: 269.4
review: This is a game that requires lots of team work, perfect timing and a pinch of luck, overall this is an amazing game that tests your skill in coordination and judgement along with reflexes
game-hours: 1980.5
review: Yeah, this is an awesome game! You probably won't get it at first, BUT YOU WILL. It'll just get more fun over time. I do recommend this game! :D
game-hours: 49.0
review: hahaha
game-hours: 660.7
review: good game.
game-hours: 651.9
review: This game maps is similar like lol since patch 6.82 6.82A changing the gameplay significantly, from farming to win became to kill the streak to win. but i think its ok now since 6.82B patch released changing the game plays to normal, the composition of formula exp and gold is stable now.
game-hours: 296.8
review: cool
game-hours: 52.2
review: Nice game...
game-hours: 330.7
review: good game MOBA
game-hours: 1147.0
review: Excellent gaming strategy. One of the best RPG's available.
game-hours: 1682.4
review: one awsome stratergy game to play
game-hours: 3124.6
review: this game the best and never dull to play it
game-hours: 1686.2
review: best  simulator! okay i recommended doto, now where are my rarez?
game-hours: 2218.8
review: addictive !!!
game-hours: 186.0
review: DotA2 GoodGame WellPlayed :like:
game-hours: 2678.6
review: Dota 2 is, in my eyes, the best game ever made. If it weren't for the overbearing ignorance of the people that play this game, that thrive only on making others angry with said ignorance. This game could have been so much more. That being said, I recommend you get a few of your friends together to play with you. If you can get a group of 3-5 people to play this with. There is no better game. Win or lose, my friends and I have a blast every game. Showing off our skilled plays and laughing at each others blunders. Unfortunately if you are a lone gamer, you will end up with that same type of person in your group often. That one guy that can't play to have fun. His idea of fun is to have the whole team verbally abusing someone for a single mistake for an entire hour long game. That being said, I would give this game a 9/10. The one point deduction due to the MOBA community being a bunch of *ssholes.
game-hours: 3822.1
review: yep
game-hours: 1213.6
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 4071.0
review: I hate that I love it.
game-hours: 779.4
review: I forgot what the sun looked like after discovering this game.
game-hours: 392.7
review: my best game ever !!!
game-hours: 2652.9
review: this game teach you how to survive a tough world
game-hours: 1652.6
review: You can eat trees and drink river water while you learn to hate your friends, 10/10.
game-hours: 566.2
review: Its Fun ! More Fun and I Enjoy this Game ! GLHF !
game-hours: 1220.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 852.1
review: i hope i graduate junior high school....
game-hours: 796.5
review: nice
game-hours: 1705.0
review: This game made me 72% more racist
game-hours: 1895.8
review: Had a girlfriend.10/10 would get dump again
game-hours: 348.5
review: Amazing Game!
game-hours: 2018.7
review: )
game-hours: 2106.2
review: Awesome GAME!
game-hours: 11.5
review: i cant launch it
game-hours: 757.5
review: Ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 158.6
review: best language learning system :D u learn the meaning of  kontol and many more
game-hours: 3230.0
review: Meh
game-hours: 391.6
review: Better graphics but it's still the oldschool one.Just awesome!
game-hours: 2701.6
review: Good game, 2k hours of my life so far, doesn't look like I'll stop any time soon
game-hours: 3130.7
review: hernya) ne igrayte
game-hours: 1765.5
review: yimiti
game-hours: 0.2
review: liked
game-hours: 1346.4
review: Really enjoyable..!!
game-hours: 1034.8
review: Best of the best..... Love it.. everyday i play around 8-12 hours. to addicted to this game. Amazing..Brilliant, Awesome and Epic! you must play it
game-hours: 3296.2
review: !
game-hours: 1669.2
review: Best MOBA ever
game-hours: 941.1
review: one of the best online game
game-hours: 17.0
review: Many of my hardcore gamer friends who plays lots of different games throughout their life have been turned to a gamer who plays only this game and none other like they used to. Lord Gabe, I need my hardcore gamer friends back and I promise that I will always stop my present hardcore friends from trying out this game. WARNING: This game will take over your entire gaming life. 10/10.
game-hours: 2213.3
review: yeah
game-hours: 492.0
review: Welcome to Dota 2, you suck. (Remember to brush up on the  skills you filthy  :P)
game-hours: 2247.8
review: its good :)
game-hours: 754.1
review: Big learning curve, but worth it.
game-hours: 361.6
review: Better than sex
game-hours: 590.6
review: potato
game-hours: 626.2
review: The Good: Fun, Addicting, Strategic, Teamwork, Dominating, Pub Stomping, Competitive Play, Daily Tournaments and Non Advantage giving item shop (Cosmetic Only). The Bad: Match Making in the skill level bracket can seem to be a bit broken at times. One bad player can ruin the match. Players that disconnect and abandon in 5 minutes. occaisonal 3-5 Minute wait on a match. Other Thoughts: I love DOTA 2 in the strategic gameplay. After all it is a MOBA and a strategy game at best so it requires A LOT of patience and A LOT of good timing, skill, and also great efficient teamwork. Thank you Valve for bringing us such an amazing game!
game-hours: 933.8
review: zxczxcxzc
game-hours: 3319.9
review: will teach you to curse, put down, trash talk, troll and palpitate in at least four different languages (yes, I said palpitate). all while ruining friendships and destroying your faith in humanity. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 2693.7
review: good game
game-hours: 518.5
review: 10/10 doctors recommend playing a dota 2 match before hitting the gym
game-hours: 811.4
review: Nice game
game-hours: 247.4
review: smart gamers:)
game-hours: 1012.8
review: Do not try if you have a life, family or friends. Especially girlfriend.
game-hours: 1161.3
review: good game
game-hours: 129.8
review: Only reason you aren't playing this is because you're bad
game-hours: 233.1
review: Love this game 100%
game-hours: 1098.0
review: GG. Game for you to rage quit.
game-hours: 418.1
review: addictive game ... ;)
game-hours: 860.7
review: Set language preferance to english? S.
game-hours: 712.4
review: awesome game
game-hours: 208.6
review: this game is amazing. this is my life. so you have to play this game
game-hours: 1471.2
review: FVKCING Nice Game
game-hours: 1410.5
review: a pretty bad game
game-hours: 27.9
review: aw
game-hours: 819.3
review: Game hay lm chi i
game-hours: 37.1
review: yea its a nice game but that's the worst part......once addicted u will fail in life....as simple as that.
game-hours: 1535.1
review: this f***ing game ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 1652.5
review: <3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3v
game-hours: 2628.0
review: Wasted 4k hours of my life 10\10 would buy again
game-hours: 1668.1
review: THIS IS MY FAVORITE :)
game-hours: 540.0
review: I like this game. It makes my day awesome :)
game-hours: 925.1
review: commend
game-hours: 877.8
review: Game is hard.
game-hours: 4.6
review: Im Not A Fan Of League Of Legends or SteamPunk Legends. But Dota 2 (i dont know why) Has A diffrent Feeling When I Play This Game
game-hours: 388.3
review: noob
game-hours: 1812.0
review: hello! :)
game-hours: 2550.9
review: DOTA is <3
game-hours: 1430.2
review: best game forever !
game-hours: 2268.2
review: Man, what do you say about this game. Is it hard? Sure. Is it easy? Sure. Does it take time and investment to get good at? Sure. Can you pick it up pretty quickly? Sure. Is it better than League? Sure. Is league better than it? No. No it isn't.
game-hours: 238.3
review: russian commend and report hat simulator 10/100
game-hours: 3207.3
review: Epic... Just EPIC
game-hours: 1074.7
review: 10/10. I'm so addicted to this game that I don't have enough time to run for president of the United States again in 2016. It was totally worth it. #RandPaul2016
game-hours: 402.1
review: i believe dota 2 can make my tactic skill increase and can make me more smarty and can stop smoking. so thx dota 2 :)
game-hours: 1035.3
review: nice game for trading business
game-hours: 2510.6
review: well play well game
game-hours: 1590.0
review: epic
game-hours: 1092.0
review: Very good
game-hours: 1670.8
review: amazing game to play with friends and over the world.
game-hours: 275.5
review: good
game-hours: 2135.1
review: This game make my life very awesome.
game-hours: 65.5
review: DAAAAMN
game-hours: 2037.3
review: .
game-hours: 2822.4
review: I want to see the results of my previous matches till now how to do it.???
game-hours: 756.9
review: BEST GAME EVER!!!!
game-hours: 1048.5
review: Addictive <3
game-hours: 2270.2
review: ~~~
game-hours: 1155.3
review: This game is a very nice game for people who want to play a game with some friends.
game-hours: 2356.9
review: dota make u game addict
game-hours: 1649.6
review: What to say about this game.. If u start to learn the game you will definately fall in love and then time will come you will see all the heroes in your dream also. Very technically balanced need lot of skill to play the game. However concept is very easy. Thats why it have the best prized competition in the world,....
game-hours: 764.3
review: good
game-hours: 1647.9
review: hade
game-hours: 1105.5
review: Very fun game :) but since it became free alot of s have joined and alot of players are s
game-hours: 501.9
review: It is a niche game...for millions. Just cos you like LoL doesnt mean you will like this, BUT give it a shot. Good chance you will fall in love with it
game-hours: 7.6
review: this game is so good for all players
game-hours: 2175.1
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 1014.1
review: Whatever =)
game-hours: 2184.6
review: Good game
game-hours: 3499.0
review: If you have anger problems or social problems this may not be the game for you
game-hours: 1403.3
review: awesome game
game-hours: 2242.0
review: 10/10 ruined my whole life, no time for studying or real lyf, really I should just kill myself.
game-hours: 2111.3
review: Addicting game, I learned a lot about myself and my family playing it. It's funny how small the world is, everyone know my mom and some people even had relationships with her! I hope it was before my father married them. Anyway, that does not matter anymore, after I found out I was gay ( to be precise), my father kicked me out of the house. It's ok, apparently I was adopted when I was younger so I will take this time to move to Russia and find my family. Hope to play again when I get back, who knows what else can I learn!
game-hours: 2125.9
review: In Volvo we trust.
game-hours: 1689.3
review: gg
game-hours: 121.0
review: Got my virginity back Thanks
game-hours: 1700.1
review: Fun.
game-hours: 797.2
review: Excellent although a black hole that sucks in all of your free time. Great game though. Get it.
game-hours: 2978.4
review: Probably my most played game ever and surely 1 of the best (if not THE best). Very addicting, great gameplay, competitive game too (with ranking), hard to learn and hard to master :), and...FREE. If you're not looking to play over 100 hours don't even start playing it because by then you'll probably not even know half of the heroes and items. would give it 98/100 ( why not 100? Often long queuing)
game-hours: 612.4
review: MORE ADDICTIVE THAN HEROINE.
game-hours: 92.1
review: DOTA > LOL
game-hours: 268.0
review: Dota 2 can be tough to get into depending on personal play style, which heroes you start off trying -- took me about a week to find my primary due to the boatloads of heroes available -- and the skill of those you get paired with when you're not playing with friends. It is so very worth it, though. When you're playing a hero you're comfortable with alongside a few good allies even a loss can be exhilaratingly fun as you force your enemy to earn their victory. And of course winning certainly isn't half bad, either. While the nuances of the heroes and whom plays best against whom and where may take a while to sort out, however, the base game is simple to learn. --Runs great even on a laptop. --All heroes playable from the start with new ones added all the time. --Multiple game types provide variety. Tired of the standard "all pick"? Try randomly assigned heroes. Or give "least played" mode a whirl and watch the mayhem play out as you and nine other people all try to play heroes that you don't have the first clue how to use. Prepare to see lots of "oops" and "oh, so THAT's what that does". And "sorry". So, so much "sorry". --Great graphics (especially for the genre). --Music, sound effects and voices get high marks. --Paid items have no effect on gameplay beyond the purely cosmetic. --Pretty much anything that you can buy can be earned for free (at random) from simply playing the game or can be trade for with other players. --Custom huds and announcers can be bought, randomly received after games or traded for to tailor the look and sound of your game to your tastes. What's more, they're shared during matches; If one person in the match owns a given hud or announcer then EVERY person in the match will have access to it for that game. It's not unusual to see nearly a dozen available during a game. --Special holiday game types are always a lot of fun and the developers aren't afraid to really shake things up for them, even adding new ingame items and altering hero abilities. Of course standard matches are still available during these times. --Updates, while very frequent, are usually so small that they rarely take longer than five minutes at most to complete.
game-hours: 1212.8
review: Fun game to play
game-hours: 1496.6
review: Recommended if you like LoL, or if you like MOBA. Great game by Valve. 80% good community (south americans are the worst). Nice trade system, where you can customize your hero AS YOU WANT for free (trade items for items) or you can always buy with real money your favorite sets (though they are expensive usually)
game-hours: 368.2
review: One of the most widely played games worldwide. Awesome improvement on DotA 1
game-hours: 0.8
review: Nice Game Very Nice Game :D
game-hours: 723.6
review: very nice game ever played :)
game-hours: 3289.9
review: imba ayam
game-hours: 6251.2
review: Play it becuase it is awesome :D You get all heroes for free = bonus (not like rubbish League of Legends) You can find all cosmetics in game = bonus (not like rubbish League of Legends) Good graphics = bonus (not like rubbish League of Legends) Easy to pick up (besides items) = bonus (not like rubbish League of Legends) Will be F2P = bonus (not like rubbish League of Legends... wait a minute) So get it, when it comes out
game-hours: 777.7
review: cool
game-hours: 3627.7
review: If you ever liked dota you'll love this.
game-hours: 1921.1
review: nice game :)))
game-hours: 945.9
review: Good Game, BEAUTIFUL Ggraphic, recommended to play.
game-hours: 732.7
review: I'm da mouse, in charge of mouse operations.
game-hours: 1883.2
review: I hate this game, I am constantly mad when I play it. I am hopelessly addicted. The community is awful and I can't stand interacting with the vast majority of them. 10/10
game-hours: 2927.8
review: epic game
game-hours: 1742.9
review: Nice game. :)
game-hours: 499.5
review: Dota 2 is a game that takes patience and love to succeed once you have done that then you get a great game. +++++
game-hours: 2797.8
review: nuff said
game-hours: 1149.9
review: Don't play this, it gaves you perma
game-hours: 49.5
review: nice
game-hours: 2247.3
review: Might be the game of the century. thumbs up.
game-hours: 1713.4
review: i love this game very much
game-hours: 1108.9
review: Good game
game-hours: 3.1
review: Review.
game-hours: 2119.2
review: great game , must play
game-hours: 808.4
review: Good graphics :D
game-hours: 53.6
review: This is where i began my journey on the steam community
game-hours: 2209.3
review: dafinitely awesome game. my one and only favorite!
game-hours: 2022.9
review: Russian meet n' greet.
game-hours: 1937.3
review: I recommend this game for my kid! ^^
game-hours: 17.8
review: got bored one day so i decided to download this free game and fell in love with it
game-hours: 610.0
review: this is a awesome game !
game-hours: 711.9
review: Yep dota 2 best game ever ( . Y . ) !!!
game-hours: 924.0
review: Amazing!!
game-hours: 977.8
review: is good game
game-hours: 1418.3
review: Dota 2 is teamplay game you have to be with your team it has good graphics gameplay and alot of things i play this game like 5 times in a day still i cant get bored of it :) Thanks ..
game-hours: 5877.1
review: Most epic game i have ever played
game-hours: 1245.7
review: hello
game-hours: 614.8
review: This game is my life!!!!!
game-hours: 1763.6
review: nice game, entertaining and best way to be unstress..
game-hours: 708.8
review: good game..
game-hours: 2131.2
review: love bout this game
game-hours: 2458.2
review: Tes
game-hours: 1703.8
review: good
game-hours: 737.4
review: love this game <3 <3 <3
game-hours: 129.7
review: gg
game-hours: 87.5
review: First, you will suck and your teammates will let you know. Then, after a few levels, your teammates will suck, and you will let them know. But somehow you manage to keep having fun and play another 30 hours of the game. Then, nobody on your team speaks English. If they do, they report you. 10/10
game-hours: 1414.1
review: I recommend this game because you really need some skills like Teamplay / Lasthitting / Denying etc. It's a very enjoyable game which you can play with friends. The trading system can also be very nice there. This game often calls out many updates, so if you're wondering if this game has events then well ofcourse! For those who haven't played it yet and really need a new game, try this one. (Games usually take 30+ minutes.)
game-hours: 3333.3
review: nice :) GG
game-hours: 2601.1
review: Dotally addictive! You either love it, or hate it, there is no midway really.
game-hours: 381.9
review: i really want this game
game-hours: 323.1
review: this is a really good game but it takes so long to be a professional on this game ! but im telling to play this game. its awesome
game-hours: 3078.4
review: lalala
game-hours: 1791.5
review: great game
game-hours: 108.4
review: Very fun. If you like strategy games then this is for you.
game-hours: 595.9
review: Arguably the best MOBA available and horribly addictive. I've spent more money on this game than I'd care to admit, but it is incredibly fun.
game-hours: 2660.0
review: good game
game-hours: 663.6
review: it ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 402.4
review: hi me name es paulinho i from brazil sorry me bad englondo i play 23 hours per day so i become the best player like dendi and fart AKA n0tail i don't go out of the basement because i no need to eat or drink because i play dota all day i also walk 2 hours a day for search internet so i can play dota i am very good please trust me please no copy pasterino is just my story
game-hours: 62.8
review: nice
game-hours: 238.9
review: One Of the best Moba games in the world. And LoL ist for noobs !!
game-hours: 1070.9
review: dota 2 is great game
game-hours: 2114.4
review: Nice game
game-hours: 444.7
review: if u faec me.. u die
game-hours: 1486.4
review: Great game, definitely recommend it to people that enjoyed playing dota 1. The transition is quite easy and the ability to customize in the market makes it very worth while.
game-hours: 1219.4
review: gg.
game-hours: 1178.7
review: pro
game-hours: 264.7
review: Love the game
game-hours: 995.7
review: freakin awesome!
game-hours: 1625.4
review: asdasd
game-hours: 2.7
review: Cool.
game-hours: 3949.7
review: this game nice to play together with friend
game-hours: 2601.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 2084.5
review: Best courier simulator ever .
game-hours: 990.8
review: this game is madness,its happening so start downloading it for new users.
game-hours: 271.8
review: nice :D
game-hours: 691.5
review: what?
game-hours: 263.2
review: Such battle, very feed. plz get Doetah 2.
game-hours: 936.8
review: Good game and i love it :D
game-hours: 4056.1
review: I like it
game-hours: 4404.1
review: GG
game-hours: 5.4
review: Why I can't seem to play Dota 2? I downloaded it, it starts with a black screen then it immediately closes the programme. How do look into this problem? (Pardon my spelling errors)
game-hours: 2698.6
review: 9/10 May the pause wars begin.
game-hours: 1859.0
review: bom pra , quem  lol perto do Dota
game-hours: 2395.0
review: I realy like Dota 2 :)
game-hours: 1627.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 89.3
review: The best MOBA <33333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333
game-hours: 495.6
review: TEST 1 2 3 4 5
game-hours: 1892.9
review: verry good
game-hours: 1785.7
review: best game ever !
game-hours: 1354.8
review: coooooooooooooool
game-hours: 2180.7
review: i jus ingt love this game now rly:) never thought i would play this kind of game but when i did try, there is no stop dota all daay erry day 24/7 :) <3
game-hours: 1990.3
review: hello
game-hours: 2014.3
review: Much win. Such awesome. WoW
game-hours: 1473.0
review: amazing game please play. no more league of lesbians
game-hours: 1935.5
review: DOTA IS KING! PERIOD! BEST GAME IN THE WORLD RIGHT HERE GUYS.
game-hours: 424.4
review: The game becomes more addictive especially when getting special items for your favorite heroes.
game-hours: 1491.6
review: DOTA
game-hours: 756.8
review: If you love dota. Well you're in for a treat for Dota 2. The graphics are great, the items, the community. You can play for a few hours and instantly get hooked.
game-hours: 795.2
review: D2 > LOL IceFrog > Riot Pele > Maradona
game-hours: 1916.3
review: This game is incredibly fun to play once you've mastered some of it's heroes, don't let your failures as a noob discourage you.
game-hours: 1108.3
review: Nice game
game-hours: 2380.8
review: 18+ :D for brainless people access denied :D this game is not casual :D if u were average in LoL, go away from this :D there is no harder competitive game than this = means good :D
game-hours: 745.3
review: All around a really good game. It places you on a team of 5v5 heros to fight for your so called ancients. Last team with their ancients alive, after 30-40 mins (average game) wins. And the trophy you get for winning is saying ''SUCK IT'' to the other team. To say it short and simple Dota is a must ''try'' alot of people do not like these kind of games beacause of their diffeculties. Which is ing true, this game can be unforgiving and one can go on what feels like the biggest loosing streak since ever. If I where to copmplain about anything then it would be the russians. I know that russians are 70% of the Dota community, but for gads sake and name. Have their regions locked to their own servers. 1. They dont know english (vey welll or not at all) which pissses me off when they delibretly chose the West EU servers. 2. They are greeedy as . Other than that I will say good luck if you want to try this game out. PS. Dont rage its just a stupid game ^^
game-hours: 1875.2
review: I recomend that game to everyone
game-hours: 576.9
review: Great!!!
game-hours: 1529.5
review: After hours and hours of torture you will finally wake up and realize you were wasting your time. You will never be a pro, never be a star, so give up now. Don't play this soul sucking game. Get out while you still can. Just go buy destiny or something. Please save yourself you go damn feeding .
game-hours: 123.2
review: i like this game very much.. disliked about this is everyday updatinng^_^
game-hours: 1012.5
review: It's free. What the hell are you doing?
game-hours: 3391.2
review: Very punishing yet very rewarding. Not for the faint hearted LOL
game-hours: 1330.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 1100.6
review: strong
game-hours: 2397.4
review: the best game !
game-hours: 518.4
review: its a good game
game-hours: 1450.8
review: Although an unforgiving game , each time you win gives you a sense of fulfillment and the joy to keep playing again and again and again
game-hours: 9.3
review: NICE GAME
game-hours: 45.4
review: IM NOOB!! IM NOOB!!IM NOOB!!IM NOOB!!IM NOOB!!IM NOOB!!IM NOOB!!IM NOOB!!IMNOOB!!IM NOOB!!IM NOOB!!IM NOOB!!IM NOOB!!IM NOOB!!IM NOOB!!IM NOOB!!IM NOOB!!IM NOOB!!IM NOOB!!IM NOOB!!IM NOOB!! (T.T ) (T.T) I give up in this game~ somehow its a very3 nice game...and u can makemomey in this game$$$ ...like to watch people fighting.no need to explain more abt this game~ u already know... 93% this is drug
game-hours: 2358.2
review: Come to Play Together..
game-hours: 687.4
review: Is Nice
game-hours: 1960.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 1264.0
review: Fantastic example of all that is wrong with humanity. 10/10 would play again. and again. and again.
game-hours: 1201.0
review: ..............................................
game-hours: 740.5
review: Awesome game. Thanks to halflife valve. Ps: This game can change you life.
game-hours: 984.7
review: excellent
game-hours: 1838.0
review: waaaaaaaaw
game-hours: 2293.8
review: Words actually don't describe the adrenaline I get when I drive by 5 people and 4 I hit in-game.
game-hours: 37.9
review: I love this game!
game-hours: 453.4
review: Nice game . I Love Dota2
game-hours: 18.3
review: Thank you for those who managed this game... It gaves a lot of fun to the people who is busy in working like me ^^
game-hours: 1734.2
review: Real good. Like REAL good.
game-hours: 1776.4
review: if you love people screaming at you for not co-operating first and making your strartegy,playing against competitive people next then this is the game for you. hope you people wouldn't mind getting addicted to a game and all
game-hours: 1504.5
review: Destroyed all semblance of a social life for me. Highly recommended, 10/10.
game-hours: 1775.5
review: One thing I like about this game is that it can relieve your stress. I will definitely recommend it to others.
game-hours: 1.8
review: BEST GAME EVER!!!!! :) 1000000/10
game-hours: 1759.1
review: Love this game hope you download it and have fun like i have.
game-hours: 172.7
review: This is the game that made me start playing strategy games. Totally worth the time. The community is just great! At first i didn't get it, failed at everything but gradually i learned and now this game is one of my favorites. Also it's free so it's worth the try.
game-hours: 2126.1
review: This Is So Good Better Than Anything
game-hours: 543.6
review: It'll kill your life take up all your time and ruin all family relations. 10/10
game-hours: 122.7
review: this game is for all who want thrill and action.
game-hours: 427.1
review: this is so fun
game-hours: 519.6
review: ..........
game-hours: 914.2
review: aw
game-hours: 5105.7
review: The extent of the game is just enormous! Every game even with exactly same 10 heroes is different every time. Ofcourse community judging by in-game experience of 4000h is quite discouraging and offensive but which games' isn't? Over the years of evolution and growth of players in Dota 2 i've noticed that even people from all around a world can work together as a team, sometimes even without any marks, pings or words. Ofcourse there will be dissagreenment with players cause it's competetivity that keeps hatred directing to anyone alse but yourself. I can say that people should pay ABIT more attention to people in your team or at least watch a replay of your own game when you lost or won with quite a bad score. Examine your mistakes rather then blame others and you'll find the interest and pleasure that i found n this game. Best regards to Valve, don't promise something you're planing to make on exact date. Better notify us with a word AROUND on updates' and changes' dates ;) 9/10
game-hours: 332.3
review: As you might know DOTA 2 is a MOBA game, but despite the others games I think DOTA is better. You may ask ''why ?'' , the answer is simple : you can customise Heroes for free and as you want, you can choose your favourite HUD and Announcer.Now about graphics,they are really good even in low quality and imagine if in low quality are that good think how good they can be at high quality.Dota has a darker concept for the Heroes.And at last the gameplay,well,most of MOBA players are saying that is harder.I found it really easy once you learn the items and how that Hero is supposed to go.Maybe I found it easier because is a more strategic game than the other games.I can say only this except Dota 2 I've played 4 other Mobas and the most I've enjoyed is Dota 2. I don't force you to play and like this game ,but I hope you will try at least to play a while and enjoy your play. Good luck & have fun !
game-hours: 403.3
review: good
game-hours: 538.2
review: this game is really something lots of adventures and tactics it was superb awesome
game-hours: 1014.7
review: :)
game-hours: 458.4
review: Perfect Game
game-hours: 68.9
review: This game has not got much to it on paper; 2 teams with a base each with 3 ways in defended by evenly placed towers. However, it is still playable and addictive with loads of characters and item combinations across teams each game is different and lasts about 30-40 mins. It started as a Warcraft 3 mod so expect some familiar concepts. It is going to be free to play at some point so when it is I would at least give it a go You can also buy cosmetic items but nothing to give an advantage over the moaning cheapskates ;-)
game-hours: 1197.1
review: awesome
game-hours: 561.7
review: One of the best games ever - good graphics and wide hero selection.
game-hours: 285.3
review: doTA
game-hours: 285.3
review: doTA
game-hours: 3889.4
review: Very importan, when you playing dota 2 must play only with food =)
game-hours: 1811.7
review: nice
game-hours: 533.7
review: Who needs rosetta stone when you have this?
game-hours: 342.8
review: this is the best online games ever:)
game-hours: 681.1
review: this a really good game for us
game-hours: 1656.2
review: good game
game-hours: 361.6
review: A fun game that never gets old even on the same map 9/10
game-hours: 1261.6
review: vqfwgegteht
game-hours: 77.7
review: it's the best game ever. JUST KIDDING
game-hours: 1354.9
review: Best MOBA game ever
game-hours: 1570.4
review: awesome
game-hours: 1377.4
review: Cool Games :)
game-hours: 1719.6
review: dota forever
game-hours: 1110.5
review: This is a great game for me. =)
game-hours: 945.7
review: :)
game-hours: 1070.1
review: ward ward ward. :V
game-hours: 1139.9
review: Dope.
game-hours: 1833.9
review: If you liked the original DOTA then you'll like this. Play nice with others!
game-hours: 1737.3
review: Dota 2 is <3
game-hours: 2404.2
review: Reviewing Dota 2
game-hours: 1371.6
review: !
game-hours: 2716.1
review: nice
game-hours: 8.1
review: I love this game, so much! Raging is something I did a little too much at first, but would not go back! Would happily pay for this game, so it being free is amazing! I can spend most nights playing this. Definitely recommend.
game-hours: 67.5
review: I am a fan of dota on wc3. Dota2 should build a classic skin or something to make a new player like me to familiar all the old time good sake.
game-hours: 1766.8
review: Nice game
game-hours: 2777.5
review: dota 2 \m/
game-hours: 3023.7
review: this is a best game i've ever played..
game-hours: 0.6
review: aaaaaa
game-hours: 754.4
review: (Y)
game-hours: 1513.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 2205.2
review: Ruined my life. 10/10 stars :D
game-hours: 1339.0
review: It's a very fun team based game, in fact one of the best in the world.
game-hours: 1735.4
review: khdkhg
game-hours: 3201.1
review: Mo funn
game-hours: 2090.8
review: the best game ever.... i played many many games like cod cs nfs gta crysis max payne and what not nothing matches this game
game-hours: 623.1
review: nice :) DOTA2 is Great Game (y)
game-hours: 1374.5
review: asd
game-hours: 1424.2
review: yes
game-hours: 1120.0
review: Vwery Gurd Gome 10/12323343 would recomondo + bangde Elso plox add moi on stemo erma gerd fernd ;3
game-hours: 1259.2
review: Worst FPS ever.
game-hours: 1067.7
review: Valve Corporation is a nice corporation and All rights reserved. I enjoy playing your games
game-hours: 446.3
review: I cannot tell you how much I love this game. one of the best thing s about it is its versitility: wanna play a casual game for 5 mins? sure play 1v1 mid lane practice, or a limited heros match. wanna play and extreamly complicated and intense game with 9 other players for 30-60 mins? go play a 5v5 all pick ranked match, or a random death match. If you are willing to study the inerworkings of the game it can be even more fun. you'll also meet lots of new freinds! ^_^ and on top of ALL THAT it's FREE. F-R-E-E, how could you turn such a great game down?
game-hours: 1601.4
review: One of the most in depth and fun games to hit the web, a daunting character pool with new additions keeps the game alive and fresh. It has a steep learning curve that you never can escape, but that keeps the fun flowing!
game-hours: 1377.9
review: dota2 , my favorite MOBA game
game-hours: 1830.7
review: dota b7bha o heik, post
game-hours: 3164.9
review: Dota 2 is one of the best games i've ever played. I played warcraft 3 a bunch and dota 1 from that. I fell in love with the game mechanics and the amazing humor of it all.
game-hours: 552.6
review: Dota 2 in a Nutshell: Quits game cause of personal buisness (put in low tier matchmaking) Team is reporting you for no reason (put in low tier matchmaking) Doesnt want to commend player for doing nothing (put in low tier matchmaking) So in Conclusion 10/10 would dota again,24/7 low tier matchmaking #420W33dEVVVRRYDuy
game-hours: 2516.8
review: Great game, very addicting. So many hours.
game-hours: 2457.0
review: One of the best, if most complicated games i have ever played.
game-hours: 1453.9
review: It's a'ight.
game-hours: 1282.4
review: GREAT GAME TO PASS TIME SPECIALY WITH FRIENDS
game-hours: 2248.9
review: nice
game-hours: 524.1
review: :)
game-hours: 89.2
review: play dis game em very best, i no lie
game-hours: 1426.9
review: yeah
game-hours: 970.4
review: its awesome
game-hours: 1179.2
review: ALAY NIH STEAM, KALAU SERVER BELUM JADI JANGAN DI LAUNCING DULU LAH, MASIH PADA ERROR NIH!!! KALAU NGGA SANGGUP BUBARIN AJA BIAR ADA GAME NEW DOTA 2 !!!
game-hours: 450.2
review: Best MOBA game in the world!
game-hours: 494.2
review: THIS GAME SUX LEAGUE IS BETTER >:C
game-hours: 1527.6
review: An awesome game for people who are tired of games that rely mostly on grinding and farming for hours to become the best player. This game introduces you to a new perspective where skill and team play is what the game needs to win matches. It never gets boring and alot of heroes to choose from. 10/10
game-hours: 671.1
review: <3
game-hours: 101.7
review: best game~~
game-hours: 925.0
review: prpo
game-hours: 23.5
review: Good as ghee. ing sick. Thumbs up. 10/10 would do gen.
game-hours: 3324.2
review: Won this game with 4 russians in my team... Im pretty sure i can nail Dark Souls, though i never played it before.
game-hours: 13.5
review: 9/10. I got sick of playing it too much! It's very addicting, even though it's almost exactly like LOL. :3
game-hours: 1927.8
review: This game is a drug
game-hours: 1465.3
review: very nice game
game-hours: 1290.5
review: One of the games that don't need to be reviewed.
game-hours: 1860.8
review: The best. Just simply the best 'moba' Great job from DotA 1 thanks to Warcraft! Specially the makers Blizzard. Play. Be nice to others and you'll gain friends! Share knowledge. Love the team! :)
game-hours: 2305.0
review: good game
game-hours: 531.0
review: awesome game !
game-hours: 2148.1
review: )
game-hours: 440.7
review: Awesome Free 2 Play game... love how steam supports it.
game-hours: 181.2
review: forever DotA ! :)
game-hours: 2454.8
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 1761.7
review: best game evar
game-hours: 113.1
review: cool
game-hours: 14.4
review: Wasn't sure what to think about this game when alex introduced it to me. I found it hard to believe that there were league and championships dedicated to play this let alone the hype behind it, though that could be my doupts due to it's link with blizzard. It's very fun and here Valve are just laughing at the bank with the game as people loved the origonal so much. In this case, you might as well just give your money to valve, it's making that much. Very fun RPG, yet hard to explain. You get to pick a character, level him/her/it up and the objective is to destroy the enemy base. Each base creates small creatures called "creeps" and you gain gold for xp by killing creeps and destroying towers. In this case the creeps are red-shirts, running into battle and no real loss when they die. You can download it for free, spectator a match and see what you think. what do you have to lose?
game-hours: 1930.1
review: good games i've ever play
game-hours: 1528.4
review: NICE GAME!
game-hours: 621.8
review: Superior graphics compared to other ARTS games. Gameplay almost the same as in DotA with improved comunication between players, key configurations, disconnect protection, etc.. Always fun to play!
game-hours: 1050.4
review: I downloaded this game for the kicks. I thought it would make me cool. Everyone said it was dangorus. I keep telling myself i would only do it once. Now all my money goes to dota 2. I must have all the hats. All the swords. all the ing immortals. I keep saying i need help. But i just buy more curiers.....and........All the time in my brain I hear........... cyka report noob.
game-hours: 611.3
review: 10/10 in my book. Great gameplay, very competitive, and hugely populated. Understanding heros can be harder than other games, but the victories feel more rewarding. Plus the game is free!
game-hours: 297.1
review: awesome....
game-hours: 397.5
review: igenj, csak az oroszok feedelnek
game-hours: 1997.3
review: Awesome game got addicted <3
game-hours: 1928.3
review: good game i like dota2
game-hours: 54.8
review: My Dota 2 lvl >>> 3 :)
game-hours: 2197.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 1242.0
review: For me dota 2 is one the most greatest game out there... especially its engine and gameplays are diff. from other MOBA's...and it also has its unique features...
game-hours: 2064.0
review: Dota 2. Just too awesome
game-hours: 2930.7
review: yes i recommend this game for u all to play this game
game-hours: 2669.5
review: amazing game! amazing experience!
game-hours: 771.2
review: ING ADDICT
game-hours: 1164.3
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 943.5
review: :)
game-hours: 843.0
review: pra mim o Melhor MOBA de todos os tempos, recomendo a todos!!! XD
game-hours: 2709.2
review: What a bad and boring game! :D
game-hours: 1174.5
review: GOOD GAME AND THE BEST FOR EVER !!
game-hours: 102.5
review: Kannattaa ladata
game-hours: 905.5
review: BEST GAME EVER!!!
game-hours: 873.8
review: good game :)
game-hours: 147.5
review: Great Game!
game-hours: 1033.7
review: Everyone ever should play dota 2. Strategy and action WIN
game-hours: 1033.0
review: asd
game-hours: 6.2
review: BETTER THAN SMITE
game-hours: 1113.2
review: qwerty
game-hours: 204.7
review: Dota 2 is one of the single most genius games I have ever played. It might not be as adrenaline-fuelling as a top FPS, or as popular as other games on the market at the moment, but it is simply brilliant. Dota 2 uses all of your tactical mind, and takes huge amount of skill to outwit your opponents. Best free game on the market.
game-hours: 1982.0
review: its my life
game-hours: 245.6
review: A fun, free, and challenging game.
game-hours: 25.5
review: After playing quite a bit of League of Legends, I decided to finally give DOTA 2 a fair shake, and... well, I think I like it. There are some frustrations in transitioning from LoL's mechanics, especially when it comes to Tower/creep aggro (very different strategy than LoL) and overall champion strength, but the more I stick with it, the easier it is to avoid blindly falling prey to these things. I like that all the champions are free, with the ability to pay for non-effective, aesthetic customizations, not to mention the integration with Steam Workshop, to potentially get your own mods in the game. I still favor LoL, but there is a lot to like here, and I look forward to spending more time learning the depths of this game.
game-hours: 1460.0
review: Great game for wasting hours of you life
game-hours: 2000.8
review: Kickass game. Tops all other of its type. Sticks close to its roots. Pass time, or make a living!
game-hours: 1500.2
review: what a great game :D EVER !!!
game-hours: 1685.8
review: Good game
game-hours: 4735.7
review: Let's play DOTA 2!
game-hours: 1759.4
review: Melhor jogo que ja joguei hahahaha MOBA perfeito, equilibrado, jogabilidade tima e grficos ainda melhores.
game-hours: 1304.7
review: If you want really bad qualifactions (unless of course you're studying Russian), this is the game for you! It ceratinly worked for me
game-hours: 145.7
review: Very fun game even though it might make you jump out of your chair and want to strangle a guy. Other then those rage enducing moments it is very fun along with friends unless they are wimps and run at the sight of a almost dead chicken.
game-hours: 469.6
review: Dota is a nice game, i luv this game !
game-hours: 1086.4
review: Only fun to play with friends if you win and/or don't care about your match numbers being at a good ratio of win to loss. *Obligitory Russia Mention*
game-hours: 3693.9
review: the best game ever
game-hours: 50.0
review: All the cool kids are playing it
game-hours: 354.4
review: I play LoL and DotA 2. It's like being in two different relationships. LoL takes me to all the nice resturants, gets me all the expensive jewelry, and even vaction weekends with her parents. DotA lures me over at 3 am telling me 'you're the only one for me honey,' only to be the same old bi**hy s**t who whips me around. But i still let DotA f*** me anyways, because in a sort of twisted way i secretly like it. She's wild in bed, and i like it when she pegs me with her high heel and drops a digit.
game-hours: 1070.1
review: A game that helps you to get laid
game-hours: 1231.8
review: Awsome Game :)
game-hours: 6231.2
review: Good game
game-hours: 263.2
review: ggwp commend me ty :)
game-hours: 2438.8
review: good game
game-hours: 34.9
review: I played this character called "Io" and realized taht diz game design was meant to not actually fight teh enemy teem but instad to go and "wisp" round them pretending to ult and moba stuff, but its k cuz we one cuz pudge made a play and then killed some team guy but then the tower killed him, i tried to save him but moba . then i went to moba then i got a play and saved him from tower. wrong i died cuzz i was a wisp that aprarently thnks its a light source for the games shifty graphics look and feelz. When the game was over i got some item called "Chest of the Gaben Item of Monetary Value" but turns out i needed teh keys of teh dota moba hat party 2 and then i cried, 10/10 -Game Informrrrr 9/10 - Gaim St0p wow/10 - Doge Review
game-hours: 1704.9
review: good game
game-hours: 2134.1
review: like this game!
game-hours: 4974.5
review: Nobody cares that no matter what server and language you select there will always be a Russian in your team that speaks his own language and fails hard. Just give them hates and they will be happy with their game loses.... Also, apart from this bad matchmaking that makes you lose 10 games in a row while playing good, the game features an unitard mute system that helps the Russians mute you for an entire week, just because you speak English in an English preference game. There is not a single game without at least one Russian talking sh!t in his f#cked-up language, no matter which server are you playing on. The percentage of deserved punishments of all the players getting punished by the auto punish report system must be less than 10%. How reports are planned to be used in Dota2: -This guy intentionally ruins the game for the other players, REPORT. -This guy flames and insults other players and is very unpleasant to play with, REPORT. How reports are ACTUALLY used in Dota2: -This guy doesn't play this hero the way i do, lol, he is noob, REPORT. -This guy doesn't know russian language, REPORT  BLYAD. -This guy told me what to do, i dont like him, REPORT. -This guy died for first blood, what a feeder, REPORT. -This guy just killed me, i dont like him, REPORT. A while ago developers added "ranked" matchmaking to Dota 2. I've been waiting 2 years for this moment, hoping that when ranked is here it would separate bad players from good players and i would finally get to play with some players that are on my level. COMPLETE OPPOSITE! That so called "ranked" matchmaking is so much worse than the regular bad matchmaking. First of all, this is not even a real ranked system. It has no ranks. Skill is "measured" in numbers. Second - i don't even know why they add a ranked system anyway when it matches people that are rank 4000+ with people that are rank 3500. They couldnt even get it to match ranks close to one another. They even removed the solo que option, so basically you go solo, you play with other solos vs a stacked party enemy, and if thats not enough - the solo teammates you get are 10 times worse than the ones you used to get in normal matchmaking. Getting matched with all kinds of noobs, trolls and sh!t. Playing this game solo is worse than aids and cancer combined! The community is so good that when you disconnect in a game, where you play very good and your team is winning, the enemy team starts unpausing the game for you to get the abandon just that so they can increase their chance of winning or leave the game.
game-hours: 1839.8
review: good game, and u will never bored to play this game
game-hours: 1337.8
review: NICE GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 6540.7
review: Hello, il mio nome is GIROLAMO SAVONAROLA I my italiano. I want be profesionali playeretti of defense of the Agnolotti. Then I sold all my spaghetti so I can bought a branderini new coputterini and farma all gaems. Per favore no coperinato pasterinato caramel macchiato.
game-hours: 1864.3
review: whats on ur mind ?
game-hours: 82.5
review: Nice Game ! :3
game-hours: 2656.3
review: good game
game-hours: 1592.6
review: all about kill...xixixixi
game-hours: 3160.2
review: Addictive game! Just play moderately
game-hours: 1655.8
review: Best game for gamers
game-hours: 1173.3
review: Quite possibly the best game I have ever played. Definitely a must. Also, so much better than League of Legeds.This is for the OG's. Original Gamers. ;D
game-hours: 696.8
review: awesome
game-hours: 1488.0
review: this game is so cool ^_______^
game-hours: 314.4
review: NICEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE@
game-hours: 649.6
review: The Best Game In world . i can only say it . Dota 2 Is Best Game :X
game-hours: 257.2
review: cool
game-hours: 1394.1
review: There's DotA in your eye!
game-hours: 469.4
review: this game is awesome multiplayer game
game-hours: 517.9
review: Great Remake OF the Original version Dota. love this game have wasted to much of my life playing.
game-hours: 2206.1
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 18.6
review: Dota 2 is a natural feeling action,stragety game. Although hard to master as a beginner, you soon get the feel of how easy it becomes. Just beware the heroes on the opposite team as they will surely kill you before you kill them. Wether you love it or hate it, in all cases this is a game that deserves attention.
game-hours: 4167.7
review: love it =)
game-hours: 910.6
review: oyeahhhh
game-hours: 1311.2
review: The best game ever, which you'll never get over, regardless of your age.
game-hours: 151.1
review: better than league of legends by a lot
game-hours: 1268.9
review: Good Game /gg
game-hours: 2527.2
review: Will ruin your life while making you miserable at the same time. But inbetween that, you won't find a game better than this.
game-hours: 5197.2
review: doto top game!
game-hours: 1179.7
review: Russians.......
game-hours: 2074.7
review: buenisimo :)
game-hours: 522.5
review: realy fun game to pass the time with firends
game-hours: 397.6
review: gg
game-hours: 95.1
review: very interesting and strategic game, i like it :)
game-hours: 1337.4
review: 99% of players - 14 yo dumb fuqs 1% - divinely pleasant people. Should play at least for them.
game-hours: 1075.2
review: Just play Dota 2 , Damn it.
game-hours: 54.0
review: PLAY this game!
game-hours: 1007.0
review: GG
game-hours: 165.1
review: the best game i ever had
game-hours: 932.9
review: really good game to spend time with. Addictive gameplay, frequent updates, massive player count
game-hours: 2131.6
review: so good game, thanks valve bring it for us, thanks
game-hours: 5771.2
review: GOod game
game-hours: 3793.2
review: Better UI than DotA, better graphics, better than LoL and HoN combined sorry folks this is the original. You dont have to spend money or points to obtain all the heroes and such, every gameplay aspect is available to you 1 second into game. Very comptetitive game that gets you hooked hours on end. ITS FREE. Though DotA 2 is in itself new and though the game is not the first of its kind. It is the original that all other major of its kind are based off of. With testing and balancing going back as far as WC3: RoC days. a must have game for any player. If you haven't tried it yet now is the time
game-hours: 324.5
review: internationally world best of best game dota dota dota !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <-.->
game-hours: 1.4
review: fun
game-hours: 3252.4
review: very recommended
game-hours: 2613.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 2437.1
review: Do i recommend this game ? Hell yes.
game-hours: 1676.4
review: COME JOIN PLAY
game-hours: 954.2
review: Awesome. A game you don't have to commit hours of your life to while having unlimited replay value. The only other game I can compare it to are Diablo and Age of Empires. But it's match based, and unique. 5 out of 5 stars!
game-hours: 128.5
review: AWESOME GAME
game-hours: 909.9
review: Ruined my life, made me spend over 400 hours staring at a computer screen screaming at fat dudes over the internet. Would definitely recomend, 10/10
game-hours: 584.6
review: really fun zero rage
game-hours: 1092.0
review: This game is very fun to play but only if you like a challenging game, if you think it is to challenging then you should play league of legands.
game-hours: 344.2
review: Addicting
game-hours: 0.8
review: difficult to get the controls but other than that good game
game-hours: 1171.4
review: No Dota No Life!
game-hours: 521.0
review: 1
game-hours: 1970.7
review: :)
game-hours: 318.7
review: When you first start to play Dota 2, it becomes kind of annoying to figure out how to play and what to do. After a few matches, you get frustrated and stop, mostly because of the long game times. You come back to it after 2 or 3 days, and you know what the game is about and have a brief idea on how to play it. After some games, its not as frustrating than when you first started. You continue to play for some weeks afterwards, and decide to abandon a match, due to whatever may be the reason - lag, bad hero, didn't win, etc. You realise that there is a low-priority pool, and have to play in it for 2-4 matches. You get annoyed again when you see that you don't receive points to level up due to low-priority. Nevertheless, you finish your matches and continue. In one match, you get abused for doing a wrong move, or just playing badly, and get annoyed once again from the other player. This continues for some time. By 1 -2 months, you start playing a lot better and aren't as afraid to chat to your team - and if necessary, the other team. After more time, you seem to be great at it, but then you lose the nest 10 games. Anger hits you, from the losses of game after game after game, and suddenly you win. You are now a great Dota player, with all the skills required to play perfectly - well at least almost perfectly, apart from the mishaps every now and then. One of the best games I've played.
game-hours: 4774.5
review: i like this game :)
game-hours: 1726.5
review: ruin my life
game-hours: 902.2
review: Good Game (y)
game-hours: 508.6
review: I recommend this game all the way. There's quite the learning curve and some players aren't very nice but once you get into it's a very injoyable strategic experience.
game-hours: 346.0
review: I like It its a good game when you have friends and noobs as your friends like TAKITO
game-hours: 2426.8
review: nice game,
game-hours: 878.0
review: get angry sim 2013
game-hours: 2882.0
review: I've never tried crack but it must be like this
game-hours: 819.8
review: Very good, many servers worldwide, Russians on every server. Learn russian today and and have fun!
game-hours: 1908.0
review: If you want to play a moba game other then League of Legends, then you should wait no longer. Dota 2 is an excellent moba game with alot of exciting events. Unlike League of Legends you can play every hero in Dota 2 without paying for it. You don't have to buy any hero. You can collect cosmetic items for your hero in Dota 2. You are eligible to find items after you finished a game. You can find items like chests, couriers, hero gear/weapons and much more. There is also a ingame shop where you can buy cosmetic items, but this is optional.
game-hours: 335.1
review: 100% Dotah
game-hours: 1073.7
review: Made me forget about my life, left me with no time for anything else, no room to do anything else, or the will to do anything else. Almost completely ed up my life. Also taught me some Russian curse words. 10/10.
game-hours: 1673.5
review: DotA will ruin your life, but it's worth it.
game-hours: 1923.4
review: Amazing game! If you like co op multiplayer games, get this one!
game-hours: 1573.7
review: Game paling GG yg ga ada matinya bagi gue Dota itu hidup gue
game-hours: 642.0
review: I have sex while playing this game... And yes i want to build a snowman.
game-hours: 1196.5
review: Terrific for all my PvP loving friends, very simply yet versitle take on a classic format.
game-hours: 470.3
review: Let's fun
game-hours: 1417.9
review: awesome gamer
game-hours: 1781.1
review: I started playing Heroes of Newerth and i enjoyed it very much! Alot of my competitive friends left and went to play Dota. i eventually ended up doing so too. I cant describe how happy I am with the move. Dota 2 is by far the best of it's kind. Scratch League, Scratch Hon, Scratch and of them other copy cat wannabes and make the switch today. Updates all the time, new models all the time, the orginal FroG who created this presents is in lead with valve. There's no reason not to switch. Stop being a follower and become a leader!
game-hours: 17.7
review: Russian Language Simulator 2014
game-hours: 631.3
review: 8/8 m8
game-hours: 818.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 2452.7
review: a nice game
game-hours: 2760.5
review: Addictive
game-hours: 1864.5
review: Hearing about this back when I was still in highschool playing DotA made me very excited. Immediately signing up for the beta. It took longer than one may expect to get a beta key. I got in around the time Invoker was released which is actually perfect timing since I was still honing my skills with him. For a gamer who spent a lot of time in the first game, It wasn't too hard getting into this game. The feeling is there, the looks of the heroes are very similar which is good since going too far from the original concept might be a bad idea. I have invested a lot of time in this since the day I got my beta key. There are two things that worries me first being that the cosmetics shop might get too fancy for a game like this. I fear the day that we get to see them selling a panda outfit for Pudge or a candy cane for Rylai. The last thing is Valve implementing game changing items like a +STR hat or an outfit that makes you invisible to the enemy team for a short amount of time. We'll see.
game-hours: 3101.0
review: Best Online game ever
game-hours: 176.8
review: love this game
game-hours: 789.8
review: Legs fell asleep while playing. Tried to walk, broke my collarbone 10/10
game-hours: 1683.7
review: If you have at least 4 other friends on Steam, make a 5-man team and play! Even if you don't have any friends, its a great way to meet people who need help.
game-hours: 699.2
review: geme good
game-hours: 774.2
review: SIMPLY THE BEST MOBA GAME OF ALL TIME
game-hours: 39.9
review: quitting school for blaming penoy and russian, great game!
game-hours: 1620.4
review: game is awful
game-hours: 763.2
review: good game :D
game-hours: 941.4
review: this game is a very addicting game no problems
game-hours: 3092.4
review: BEST GAME!!!
game-hours: 2841.8
review: Most of my friends always give me a ing stressful day everytime i play this game pls learn
game-hours: 526.0
review: It is good and stuff. Play this game and let it absorb your life.
game-hours: 2519.7
review: VOLVO GAME BEST DOTO
game-hours: 219.0
review: i grew up with dota so i full on support the growth.. thee best strategic game out there and we all enjoy a fun tough challenge.. beware - ADICTIVE
game-hours: 1598.7
review: :yay:
game-hours: 225.7
review: best game ever!!
game-hours: 3072.9
review: =D
game-hours: 2333.7
review: very gut game
game-hours: 846.0
review: :
game-hours: 888.4
review: Never have I been forced to hate such a large sample of humankind so quickly. Already have urges to import a  of explosives to rid the world of the cancerous tumor that is russia.
game-hours: 1520.6
review: Awesome Game!!!!!
game-hours: 24.3
review: nice
game-hours: 161.6
review: One Of the best games i've ever played
game-hours: 1060.7
review: Good game !!
game-hours: 1172.4
review: It was when I got rejected when I started playing DotA Allstars in Warcraft III, I was hooked to it. I spent 12 - 14 hours playing it every day. I started to get bored by it and day after day, I didn't feel like playing anymore. When Dota 2 was announced, I wanted to get the beta key... but I didn't, and since I didn't feel like playing the original, I spent maybe a year without it. A friend gave me a key to Dota 2, I installed it and played it once, it was my first time getting wrecked so bad that I didn't have the urge to play another game It was then someone broke my heart, I have never been so down in my life. I took so many antidepressants and peer to peer meetings, but nothing works. One day, that same friend who gave me the key, invited me to play. We won and suddenly I felt better. I played and I played a lot. And every game made me feel better about myself and my perspective in life. Dota 2 was there for me when life was too twisted, when reality was too painful to bear. No matter how much I got rejected and how many times I felt alone, Dota was there, to make me happy and make me feel better. Good things has to come to an end so that better things can start, that was when I met her. She fixed the hole in my heart and stitched up the wreckage of the past. For weeks, I played Dota less and less. Right now, I gave all my stuff to my friend that gave me the beta key, a gift of gratitude if you will. So long Dota and thanks for being there for me when I was down and when I want to escape reality 10/10
game-hours: 1547.9
review: GGWP
game-hours: 16.2
review: Dota is a competitive game of action and strategy, played both professionally and casually by millions of passionate fans worldwide.
game-hours: 2886.1
review: Nice multiPlayer game ,fun to play love to earn more levels and items xD
game-hours: 78.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 1260.5
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 237.6
review: one of the best online multiplayer game. An Addictive Game. Must play
game-hours: 8431.1
review: HON > LOL
game-hours: 660.7
review: Leaugue of Legends? better than Dota? Naaaw you have to be kidding. This be tha !
game-hours: 2403.7
review: game is a face rolling, masterpeice. game is point and click, but the best point and click game available.
game-hours: 2150.1
review: aaaa
game-hours: 938.5
review: i love dota2
game-hours: 1165.9
review: Best game i ever played !!
game-hours: 450.1
review: Jocul este super tare, iti ia cateva ore sa te obisnuesti cu jocul si dupa faci kill-uri pe banda rulanta .
game-hours: 2204.8
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 155.1
review: The only thing that I wish there was more of are just two more maps .. other than that, DOTA2 is (currently) the #1 MOBA out there: 90/100.
game-hours: 872.0
review: This game right, you got trees in it and all that and it's just so much fun. There's a hero, I think he's called the spell creator, and he can do a create a spell! Oooo oh oh and theres a hero called "Tiny" but let me assure you, he's actually quite large :3
game-hours: 923.2
review: veryx1 000 000 good game'
game-hours: 4684.4
review: This game changed me, more than other games ever did. 10/10
game-hours: 4981.6
review: definitely one of the best games ever created
game-hours: 909.8
review: i started play dota 2 because i wanted to try out a moba and at the time, i was a happy guy who loved pc games like hearthstone and sc2. i then started getting better and better playing with teamates THAT ARE COMPLETE TRASH REPORT THHESE FOOLS WTF DOES CYK A MEAN STOP FEEDING WHEN I HAVE SOME FRIENDS OVER FOR A DRINK THEY THINK I HAVE PROBLEMS WHY DOTA HAVE TO DO THIS TO ME. I NOW SPEAK RUSSIAN AND I COMMUNICATE WELL WITH MY PERUVIANS BRETHREN JAJAJAJAJAJA 10/10 would cy ka
game-hours: 3223.9
review: It's just amazing, that's really all there is to say. And if you really want proof, just look at all the players, GLOBALLY. And don't even get me started on the level of competition in this GEM OF A ING FREE TO PLAY GAME, does a grand prize pool of a little over 2 MILLION* MEAN ANYTHING TO ANYONE? Thanks a lot Valve for making me feel guilty, I ain't worthy to play this. Oh and thanks Blizzard! You'll always be top tier. *And now with the International 4 the prize pool is over 9 million. Go ing figure.
game-hours: 1666.9
review: best
game-hours: 554.0
review: Great game
game-hours: 189.4
review: Simply Awesome!!!!
game-hours: 183.1
review: I liked the game very nice
game-hours: 333.9
review: This game was there for me when I needed to waste time and vent out. Definitely worth wasting your life on.
game-hours: 1660.9
review: nice game more fun
game-hours: 474.3
review: dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2
game-hours: 1445.3
review: Best game !!!
game-hours: 495.7
review: bad
game-hours: 1134.4
review: I hate Doom !
game-hours: 1119.7
review: it hurts to play ive wasted alot of hours trying to play and still  game
game-hours: 799.2
review: Fun and free to play with your friends
game-hours: 2121.9
review: The best game ever.
game-hours: 351.6
review: nice
game-hours: 351.8
review: This game is one of the best of all time :D i can put hundreds of hours into this game. You can buy items to customize your character or you can play against people around the world or with your friends.
game-hours: 2751.7
review: Love this game :D
game-hours: 225.5
review: hahahaha
game-hours: 799.2
review: dota 2 is <3
game-hours: 2578.0
review: The best game no doubt about it :D
game-hours: 1913.5
review: This is an amazing game - Brilliant for strategy and teamwork, or even to just mess around on with some friends, i Highly recommend this game to anyone with a sense for a good ftp online game
game-hours: 1029.2
review: great game
game-hours: 1080.0
review: BEST MOBA 3VER
game-hours: 378.5
review: MOBA
game-hours: 1443.0
review: if you dont like this game at first dont worry that is normal but you will come back to it like i did and then be addicted
game-hours: 566.6
review: Great game ever
game-hours: 850.0
review: DOTA.
game-hours: 2735.4
review: I love this world <3
game-hours: 2446.0
review: :D
game-hours: 1236.0
review: this is the best game i ever played
game-hours: 226.4
review: One Of The Best MMO Games Ever !
game-hours: 7232.8
review: one of the best games
game-hours: 1.5
review: Nie umiem gra ! :/ ;_;
game-hours: 1104.6
review: Mid or feed #motherland
game-hours: 660.1
review: This game is really great, and has one of the best ways to use the free-to-play structure, only purchasing items that are purely cosmetic is fantastic and makes the game fair, unless someone chooses drow or riki
game-hours: 3183.4
review: DON'T PLAY THIS GAME.
game-hours: 338.9
review: Great tactical game, makes me think what item would suit my situation best.
game-hours: 3.7
review: Best Game Ever 100 000 000 peoples play that game :D
game-hours: 2100.6
review: xD
game-hours: 147.0
review: deuta teu is a game made by volvo softwaree. vry good cntrls if you know russian. no ruski=bad day. 8/8 gr8 m8
game-hours: 832.3
review: Nice game
game-hours: 73.4
review: L.O.L has nothing against this uprising in Dota 2 not hating on League but Dota has this feel mobas just wont be able to improve on or make similar to. I stopped playing this game recently but my interests to it have drwan me back. With the game becoming bigger and bigger its setting a new margain for the guys behind dota 2 but i feel what the community wants incorporated in the game willl be seen even though i feel the game is spot on for a moba( even though i havent played hero of the storms yet :p), but in other words nothing is better then F2P so go and try this game you will not regret it!
game-hours: 1732.4
review: Don't play this game if you want to have a life. 500% recommended
game-hours: 2736.9
review: Best game!
game-hours: 1627.9
review: it's like the first Dota, but it's TWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
game-hours: 1709.5
review: very nice game, helps to learn english, russian and some other languages fast. The victory in the match requires very good teamplay
game-hours: 1829.6
review: This game is not for people who have less than average control over keyboard and mouse. You would need prior experience with relatively complex games, strategic thinking and perseverence. The learning curve is steep and this game is very demanding for the new players, the community at large is unforgiving and brutal if you are making mistakes as the mistakes you make would affect everybody in your team causing your team to lose. You cannot quit mid-game and the game can go for a long time and the result may not be known till the very end. All this can easily put off many people, but those who pass this rite of passage would enjoy the same things that you hated as a newbie.
game-hours: 19.6
review: As the MOBA genre began to rise to the spotlight of the gaming community. I decided to give it a try. I first tried League of Legends, but was yelled at for being a noob and rage quitted. I thought this kind of behavior was counter-productive, because a gaming commmunity should be supportive of noobs....because even the gaming legends start as noobs as some point in their career. So I got frustrated, and didn't touch MOBA's for a while. However, I'm in deep love in Valve and everything they do, so when I heard about Dota, I got interested. When I completed the tutorial, and finally joined a game, everyone was helpful and willing to assist a noob to a very complicated and intricate genre. I still suck, as I play off a kind of beginner's intinct and not off of a knowledge of the game. However, Dota, with its compelling art style, helpful community, and a touch of Gaben, blew LoL out of the water for me.
game-hours: 2632.9
review: game is good when you have an organized team.
game-hours: 5.2
review: the best game
game-hours: 1189.1
review: ......
game-hours: 534.8
review: No. 1
game-hours: 1099.0
review: Great game
game-hours: 2153.1
review: a
game-hours: 2194.3
review: Muy entretenido......si vas ganando XD
game-hours: 2536.2
review: Play it!
game-hours: 795.6
review: Very good overall, needs a lot of work on the servers though.
game-hours: 420.3
review: best game ever!!!
game-hours: 2524.8
review: nice
game-hours: 1115.8
review: No matter how many times I play this game, I wont get bored :D
game-hours: 580.0
review: IF YOU HAVE TIME PLAY THIS IF YOU DONT HAVE TIME FIND SOME AND PLAY THIS
game-hours: 829.7
review: tis good
game-hours: 3392.3
review: Youll need knowledge, skill, and a smidge of spider-sense. Friends to learn with are a must, and dont be deceived by the lack of a pricetag: Dota 2 will cost you hundreds of hours.
game-hours: 2749.8
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 8.2
review: Awesome game..........
game-hours: 584.6
review: good
game-hours: 1583.1
review: i liked this game
game-hours: 66.7
review: Such skill, very hard, much teamwork, amaze.
game-hours: 1421.2
review: wp
game-hours: 589.5
review: xD Gaming !
game-hours: 587.6
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 744.5
review: ing game
game-hours: 781.9
review: Awesome game. One will be addicted so easily. Love to play it :D If size of the update will reduced it will be more fun. Enjoy it.
game-hours: 1312.4
review: Worst FPS game I've ever played. 11/10 Fedora = 0 Swag = 0 I recommend it over Skyrim, but Stickman RPG is still better.
game-hours: 1583.0
review: Awesome game, but has a very huge learning curve. Which means you have to play a lot of games just to learn the ropes. If you are looking for campaigns or binge campaign mode gaming, this game is not for you. If you are looking for FPS games that end in 10 mins, this game is also not for you. If you are looking for 30 mins - 1 hour real time strategy game, this game is for you.
game-hours: 262.1
review: perfectly made for hardcore players
game-hours: 2292.4
review: best game to enjoy !
game-hours: 936.6
review: THIS TOTALLY ROCKS~! THIS GAME IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
game-hours: 750.0
review: DotA 2: murder an ancient dragon who was just chillin in his lair, and steal his cheese! Kill russians on every server, from US West to Australia! Feel good about yourself for five seconds when you win, before raging just half an hour later! Free to play now! (with only the added cost of your life and sanity) Rated all ages for: Friendly Fire. A really, really bad community Animal cruelty
game-hours: 6.1
review: I am a professional dota 2 player with 6000 MMR. I am the best Brewmaster in NA. In season 3 I was ranked as the best Teemo player in Brazil. I highly reccommend Dota 2 however do not play unless you main Brewmaster or Invoker. All the other heros suck! I dont even know why they are in the game! If you happen to main Urgot please uninstall.
game-hours: 954.3
review: Nice game !
game-hours: 2457.7
review: Feeders, feeders everywhere...
game-hours: 1260.2
review: its so goooooooood! i want keys :3
game-hours: 1098.4
review: cool
game-hours: 3448.4
review: It's like DotA but 2
game-hours: 1769.0
review: better than lol
game-hours: 740.5
review: One of the best since dota 1 iwth gameplay that let you show your skills and abilities. also find more friends online. and/or play online with family, friends, relatives and others. Dota 2 has a very good, competitive gameplay and can be so addictive. play DotA 2 as I recommend the game for all ages :)
game-hours: 783.0
review: Dota 2 not be a MoBa game, that is good game :D
game-hours: 1176.4
review: Highly addictive xD
game-hours: 5485.4
review: axyennaya gama
game-hours: 2858.4
review: Recommended by Dentist
game-hours: 5860.4
review: Yes
game-hours: 1011.6
review: Can't get enough
game-hours: 1939.1
review: awesome
game-hours: 3309.1
review: good game
game-hours: 3379.6
review: GOOD DOTA 2
game-hours: 1283.3
review: epic fun time with friends (thumbs up)
game-hours: 1748.0
review: nice
game-hours: 1939.3
review: Best game ever !
game-hours: 1334.3
review: THE BEST ING GAME EVER
game-hours: 1919.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 1665.2
review: Dota 2 is a great game and i think it surpasses League of Legends, There is a huge variety of heroes and items, plus different skills. I recommend this game, even though it pisses you off when you crash, or when your internet crashes or just when you geta noob team. SHOULD GET
game-hours: 1069.8
review: zzzz
game-hours: 2268.3
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1355.2
review: wow
game-hours: 1989.0
review: More than a game.
game-hours: 1810.7
review: good
game-hours: 372.0
review: this game is f@#king fun
game-hours: 7.8
review: Good Game
game-hours: 183.2
review: :D
game-hours: 2769.0
review: goooooooooooooooodddddddd~~!!!
game-hours: 1029.6
review: I absolutely love Dota 2 and would reccoment it to any serious gamer espedcially fans of warcraft three dota and other multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) games like League of Legends or Heroes of Newerth (blatent ripoff of dota). Of course valve and steam make the game easy to run and the community is fantastic. 5 out of 5 stars.
game-hours: 2188.8
review: i'm glad play this game
game-hours: 1128.8
review: Game is difficult. Everyone is mean, Games last too long. Servers are always down, everyone cheats. I cant pay to win. This game sucks.
game-hours: 706.4
review: good
game-hours: 1467.0
review: Enjoy the joy
game-hours: 2850.6
review: It's A good game, xD
game-hours: 819.6
review: An amazing game. This is in my opinion the best, most hardcore and competative MOBA game out. if you are looking for hours of fun than pick this game up, but i have to admit, the beginnings might be rough but in the end it will be worth the strugle. in other words this game is 100% worth it, don't hesitate to pick this up!
game-hours: 2444.1
review: Best game ever, 11/10.
game-hours: 1041.3
review: Great game.
game-hours: 2437.1
review: The Best!!!
game-hours: 1293.7
review: LOVE IT! Playing since the original DOTA.
game-hours: 1418.6
review: Best Moba game EVVURRR, way better than LoL. Dota 2 fer liffeee!!!
game-hours: 1015.0
review: Dota 2 is awsome
game-hours: 3258.8
review: sup!
game-hours: 2751.4
review: everyday becomes e-sports due to this
game-hours: 1729.6
review: only PRO - only HardCore! (  )
game-hours: 689.8
review: best game
game-hours: 3323.2
review: Like it..
game-hours: 1903.5
review: . ,,.     :D  . .
game-hours: 426.3
review: i love dota2
game-hours: 151.4
review: when i play dota 2 im like "mmm jums" so i guess that sums up my feelings.
game-hours: 2374.1
review: Very awesome game!!!
game-hours: 545.9
review: Awesome
game-hours: 3011.9
review: Greatest MOBA in the world right now! Must play!
game-hours: 2949.6
review: good game
game-hours: 2194.7
review: Dota every day~
game-hours: 11.6
review: One of the best MOBA'S out there.. besides LoL, but DotA is from a "different league"
game-hours: 2133.6
review: Searching for dota 2 network
game-hours: 2140.7
review: Stop playing LoL and play this....
game-hours: 2129.0
review: the best game i ever played
game-hours: 2018.5
review: Awesome fun, definitely the best choice for any AoS (MOBA) gamers out there in my personal opinion.
game-hours: 2274.3
review: EPic!
game-hours: 3146.5
review: Game of the Year!
game-hours: 963.4
review: Nice.
game-hours: 1169.7
review: You can use the guide on suggested items list as your item build on your selected hero for you to master the skills and strategy of your hero's gameplay in dota2.
game-hours: 1258.4
review: <3
game-hours: 1028.0
review: Come n Play with all people in the world...
game-hours: 917.3
review: It's a cool game ya' know!
game-hours: 1766.7
review: game is fun
game-hours: 3916.0
review: very vey nice game . i luv u vavle
game-hours: 1619.9
review: thank u :)
game-hours: 3041.0
review: DOTA2 is a beacon of knowledge blazing out across a black sea of ignorance 10/10
game-hours: 2381.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 2.0
review: Good game!
game-hours: 1682.5
review: Best Game Ever!!
game-hours: 4218.4
review: Great game for grate players !!
game-hours: 644.4
review: MOST epiC game Everi like everY tHing in It i wiLl never sTop plAying it
game-hours: 776.2
review: It is better than leage of legeds!
game-hours: 288.0
review: very nice with es
game-hours: 2030.3
review: good game
game-hours: 1361.2
review: I like this game
game-hours: 3222.9
review: hats are great!
game-hours: 1783.4
review: When I first looked at this game I thought that it wasen't my type of game. Oh how wrong I was. this game is incridible, if you are thanking of playing it but not sure just try it out. I'm glad I did.
game-hours: 1368.3
review: i like this game,
game-hours: 680.7
review: go my little ladies
game-hours: 1708.7
review: legendary haunted game...^^
game-hours: 2364.1
review: get it. now.
game-hours: 1404.7
review: Totally addicting, maybe too addicting....
game-hours: 2121.2
review: Good game fo experienced and begginers.
game-hours: 42.0
review: dota
game-hours: 1584.3
review: 10/10. Never the same game twice!
game-hours: 1834.7
review: really fun!
game-hours: 1360.6
review: Much trade Such win Very Good Wow
game-hours: 2916.6
review: the best game ever...
game-hours: 2773.8
review: ,  !)
game-hours: 4727.2
review: Most fun and good looking moba ever! :..
game-hours: 687.4
review: love this game
game-hours: 12033.0
review: Totally hooked!
game-hours: 2197.1
review: Report a guy for being better than you, get mailed by Valve saying " Weve recently taken action against one or more players youve previously reported for bad conduct. You have received an additional report submission to use. Thanks for your help in making the Dota 2 community a friendlier " 11/10
game-hours: 4748.0
review: ngyon jo
game-hours: 357.2
review: good game
game-hours: 1415.9
review: good game
game-hours: 1132.5
review: Amazing game !!!
game-hours: 37.9
review: Mid or I feed
game-hours: 1189.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 481.3
review: goood
game-hours: 6307.6
review: GG NO RE only play if u can handle the RAGE
game-hours: 1109.6
review: CoolGame~!
game-hours: 3971.8
review: i love this game
game-hours: 853.1
review: (y)
game-hours: 516.0
review: A challenging blend of cunning, reflexes, counter-picking, and obsessive arguments over roles, this game will require every inch of anger-management and intelligence you have to succeed. Don't be fooled by the price tag: this game is only free when it comes to material currency. The true cost of this game is your pride, self-esteem, desire to actually go outside, and your respect for foreigners. A nice bonus though is that at least you can use this game to practice speaking Russian or Spanish (and occasionally Portuguese) if you play in the US servers. Now for the good points. This game has an absurdly steep difficulty curve, but that's half the fun of the game; playing different heroes and finding out which playstyle suits you reveals a lot about who you are as a person and can make you realize that you're either a complete  who only ever picks  heroes that only require a single right-click to kill someone or heroes that actually require some skill and strategy to play. If you fit into the latter category, then you earn my full respect. If you fit into the former category, then you'll probably have even more fun than I do at this game because you will give zero  when you insta-pick Sniper (I suffer from severe guilt whenever I choose a carry (except Anti Mage. Anti Mage gives zero s). So overall this game has ruined my life, turned me into an insociable recluse, removed my will to do any kind of work whatsoever, and sapped up every hour of my free time. 12/10 would  es with.
game-hours: 222.5
review: mad
game-hours: 1060.8
review: PEENOY DOTO BEST DOTO.
game-hours: 1750.1
review: not for you i guess
game-hours: 2061.3
review: good game
game-hours: 190.4
review: A really good game with good visuals and amazing gameplay, which is really easy to get into and has infinite replayability.
game-hours: 1077.7
review: excellent strategic game to play...
game-hours: 2220.8
review: It is amazing.
game-hours: 3606.4
review: Epic game
game-hours: 1261.9
review: Epic Game
game-hours: 2434.0
review: Good And Best Game
game-hours: 2241.1
review: Schwer und geil...nix fr Pfosten!
game-hours: 1578.3
review: Aeon of Strife Style Fortress Assault Game Going On Two Sides or simply, ASSS!
game-hours: 8.0
review: I recomend this game to everyone.
game-hours: 780.4
review: nice
game-hours: 2329.8
review: 2         ,          !
game-hours: 2421.9
review: Already play it since i go to college around 2000. And now 14 year later, i still a noob player.. Very addictive and really test ur emotion control.. Play with ur friend, and see whats his true color haha xD
game-hours: 896.7
review: Dota is a competitive game of action and strategy, played both professionally and casually by millions of passionate fans worldwide. Players pick from a pool of over a hundred heroes, forming two teams of five players.
game-hours: 269.3
review: i like it
game-hours: 358.3
review: nice
game-hours: 1444.2
review: Best game I have played in the last 5 years!
game-hours: 1272.3
review: aku cute thx
game-hours: 905.8
review: Best Game!
game-hours: 1338.5
review: this is a great and the most fun game i have ever played...the main thing you need is skills to play this game
game-hours: 329.7
review: DotA2 is the only MOBO game indaworld!!!!!!
game-hours: 501.0
review: Nice Game.Needed Inteligence
game-hours: 1472.0
review: ban feeders or racist player
game-hours: 312.8
review: Don't ever download and play this game. It'll ruin your life!
game-hours: 590.0
review: Play this  and u can never leae this!
game-hours: 1719.1
review: Review
game-hours: 120.2
review: so good.. very cool dota 2. ^_^
game-hours: 830.2
review: AWESOME game!!
game-hours: 1627.6
review: DOTA 2 :)
game-hours: 588.7
review: Nice game. :)
game-hours: 383.6
review: the best there is. highly recommended!
game-hours: 2947.8
review: Nice game,Still choose new heroo thanks
game-hours: 784.2
review: Great Game ! Recommended To Everyone Who Wants To Have A Good Time !
game-hours: 1569.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 582.3
review: Best MOBA game ever created!
game-hours: 4508.0
review: EPIC GAME OF ALL TIME!
game-hours: 749.8
review: I have problem about the game graphics sir ! The whole map becames blue i cant see anything , this happens after the latest update this august 16 , 2014 . But the game runs well before the update i can still play but now its all  blue like heaven pleaseeeeeeeee fix on the next update sir
game-hours: 482.5
review: So nc to play w/ my friends or other players :)) 10/10
game-hours: 1325.9
review: Nice game. It's really fun and interesting. Just made my day or everyday.
game-hours: 513.2
review: \m/
game-hours: 305.5
review: DA BEST GAMEEVER!
game-hours: 1594.6
review: always failing in subjects because of this >,<
game-hours: 2846.3
review: GGWP
game-hours: 35.5
review: Fun Game :D
game-hours: 2583.8
review: Never go into a Dota 2 match with the mindset that you're going to win. Still a fun game though.
game-hours: 33.4
review: This kind of games is not my cup of tea, in spite of that i like DOTA more and more. Why? Game is not about stupid clicking, how i thought, but if you want to win, you have to strategize and combine special abilities of 5 unique heroes. So if you are not a team player, the game is not for you. The graphics is really nice, but there are some negatives too. The tutorial is very tacky and discourages players from playing more than helps them. The game is very hard and chaotic for newbies. But if you understand to the game a bit, you'll have a great fun. Mainly with a couple of friends. Moreover the game is free to play, so the conclusion is that I recommend DOTA 2.
game-hours: 192.0
review: fun
game-hours: 2099.7
review: yes
game-hours: 2153.4
review: great game
game-hours: 1727.7
review: awesome!
game-hours: 1788.5
review: Dota is the true way to meet ppl from other countrys and it will make u become an over-night Raceist in no time soon. Peru,Brazzil, and ruskies team-mates on Ranked have made me more patriotic than 9/11 did. USA USA USA
game-hours: 623.5
review: GGWP <3
game-hours: 1437.8
review: good game
game-hours: 43.0
review: very good game i really like it
game-hours: 967.1
review: I accidentally dota 2 when we were playing dota 2 the game. I laughed and then we after later.
game-hours: 1350.7
review: s
game-hours: 2491.3
review: Ruined my life. Recommended
game-hours: 1063.1
review: GOOD!
game-hours: 1702.0
review: !
game-hours: 1720.9
review: i want rampage
game-hours: 12.3
review: <3 it :)
game-hours: 1373.4
review: I like this game
game-hours: 2287.2
review: i like it
game-hours: 10.2
review: much game such amaze wow
game-hours: 5.0
review: cool game
game-hours: 2798.2
review: best game :)
game-hours: 1271.7
review: nice
game-hours: 1.7
review: Great gameplay mixed with a sweet art style, whats not to love.
game-hours: 600.3
review: Alot of depth to this game, but once you get a few hours of experiance and put forth an effort to learn some of the finer details it offers a very fun and rewarding multiplayer experience.
game-hours: 2139.3
review: this game is so awesome XD
game-hours: 1191.7
review: GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD <3
game-hours: 773.7
review: very beutiful game
game-hours: 12.8
review: Two asian guys decided to stop playing and bought 20 animal couriers which they then sent into battle to die. 10/10
game-hours: 1209.8
review: Dota is one of the few games that makes you a complete racist. The amount of people preventing legitamate communication beyond pings and the chat wheel will make you hate russians beyond your imagination. Looking past language differences, the game is beautiful, there is ulimited replay value, it's great to play with friends, and will take many hours of your life.
game-hours: 1896.5
review: Ive lost control of my life
game-hours: 1102.2
review: Very well designed game. Great maps, community, heroes, items, and more. If you're new to MOBA's, put at least 100 hours in before you give this game any kind of bad review. The learning curve is more like a learning cliff, it's very difficult to be good at this game.
game-hours: 1713.9
review: i like!
game-hours: 134.8
review: Very cool game! You must play Dota 2!
game-hours: 26.8
review: very smooth running, great graphics, same good ole fun! a must play!
game-hours: 320.0
review: DOTA 2!
game-hours: 1296.9
review: dota 2 seru !
game-hours: 2957.9
review: THROWWW
game-hours: 1507.6
review: FTW xD
game-hours: 331.8
review: Hi all kkk
game-hours: 602.0
review: for pros
game-hours: 1256.5
review: yeah
game-hours: 1825.8
review: nice
game-hours: 770.6
review: :)
game-hours: 376.1
review: Dota 2 is the official sequel to the highly popular mod for Blizzard's Warcraft III, Defense of the Ancients. A mod that has been worked on by many, and therefore it was hard to determind where the rights belong. A lot of legal hocus pocus were going on between Blizzard and Valve last year, and it ended to valve's favor. The Dota name and franchise is now legally a part of Valve, probably thanks to the sneaky acquisition of IceFrog the year before.
game-hours: 755.1
review: Dota 2 is the best RPG game i ever play. Try it out you won't regret =P
game-hours: 1736.5
review: i love dota2 since i play at first XD
game-hours: 568.1
review: ok na lang kahit hindi mabig yan..!
game-hours: 1701.6
review: very nice gane
game-hours: 964.5
review: s
game-hours: 2460.8
review: One of the Best Game Evah!
game-hours: 1473.5
review: Recomand
game-hours: 2211.8
review: DotA 2 uber alles
game-hours: 474.3
review: If you want to hatw your friends this is the game for you!!!
game-hours: 290.8
review: focking play it mate you'll love it!
game-hours: 1848.5
review: dead game that can never be fixed without the use of an extended eugenics programme 10/10
game-hours: 2158.2
review: ^ ^
game-hours: 951.9
review: Yes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YESYes YES
game-hours: 138.9
review: Much like dota, but more awesome graphics, and more fun. I like the hero customization, the hero speeches. 5/5
game-hours: 99.4
review: So much better and faster paced than boring League of Legends.
game-hours: 2248.2
review: DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME. At first it will seem fun, then you realize you suck at it, but you keep going anyway. "I'll get better" you'll say. "The more I play the more I learn" you tell yourself as you buy boots as your first item. Before you know it, you are playing this game everyday, every free hour you have, it'll be all you can think about. As you look into your iventory, Steam has sent you yet another 6 invites, they are like a cancer, ever growing, each invite you send away generates another 4. Your life has become Dota2 now, and there's no turning back. Great for improving your Russian swearing skills though.
game-hours: 3676.4
review: This game sucks. The graphics are freaking terrible. Compared to League of Legends, this game is for children. Seriously, don't even waste a penny on this game. Everyone is so damn friendly in this game I can't even focus on destroying the opponent and talk . In fact, everyone is so friendly that they pass out ggs like candy. Disgusting.
game-hours: 400.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 2594.6
review: um Jogo de estrategia de equipa, em que a equipa tem que destruir o ancient para ganhar o jogo
game-hours: 1385.9
review: good game 1-10 i give 10 for this game
game-hours: 1874.5
review: Very awesome game, addicting as well!
game-hours: 1741.4
review: Awsome Game in my Life
game-hours: 227.4
review: awsome game !!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1544.1
review: Just dont install this game... gonna be pain in the
game-hours: 1112.8
review: This game is quite fun, indeed. Yet the time it waists is impecable to any other game you will play. I tell everyone who plays this game to take moderatly long breaks (10-15 minute) in between games. For what this game has in store will make you a slave to it's raw glory. It is fun, I will admit that, but nothing more. On the weekends I sit at my computer endlessly until about 2am then I go to sleep, the entire weekend please have a life don't play dota. -themail AKA the mail man
game-hours: 744.9
review: +1
game-hours: 356.1
review: Bom jogo! Bem complexo e p. S falta costume ehheheh
game-hours: 2317.8
review: hi
game-hours: 1494.4
review: everything like that dota2 until end
game-hours: 2158.0
review: nice nice
game-hours: 6518.4
review: Excellent
game-hours: 64.6
review: Pretty nice when you learn how to play it..
game-hours: 16.3
review: Best MOBA played in my life! ()
game-hours: 2970.2
review: dota 2
game-hours: 0.7
review: looks fun
game-hours: 561.6
review: good game . .well crafted . . . well organize . . .keep up the good work . . .
game-hours: 256.9
review: I like Dota2 because it relieves my stress... it helps me relax from a hard day of work and study...
game-hours: 1665.8
review: GOOD
game-hours: 3178.3
review: it's okay
game-hours: 1205.2
review: On 2003 a mod for starcraft called "Aeon of Strife" was released. It didn't get the popularity dota had but we all started in something. Then on 2005 a mod by guinsoo in warcraft 3 came and it blew our minds away. Because of it's popularity it made a new genre called MOBA. After the success of this genre many made other titles to rip it off and make a money making game but none came close to "DOTA 2" it had the same mechanics, hero everything you loved from the DOTA franchise. Just be warned that when you play this game you might lose your soul. HAVE FUN !_! "Anyone can be good at DOTA but no one can ever Master it."
game-hours: 767.8
review: Rock "N" Roll
game-hours: 2277.4
review: The most fascinating and definitely one of the most complex games has ever been created in the whole human history. Each game, every moment are unique. It's all about cooperation between teammates and in the same time the important thing - someone's particular performance. BAD PERFORMANCE, FAILED COOPERATION. FAILED COOPERATION, NO WIN!
game-hours: 1569.5
review: i really do starting to love this game now..!
game-hours: 806.7
review: WOW,5 million unique users over a month!Dota 2 not only provides a really bashing updates but also unites gamers all around the world.A very cool game specially the graphics compared to other mmo's.Good job volvo keep the updates, items and the new heros coming. \ggwp/
game-hours: 430.5
review: ouch!
game-hours: 12.1
review: Game so bug
game-hours: 1341.3
review: Very good game)
game-hours: 1359.5
review: I like this game because it is super addictive, giving someone stranger to be a depedent teamwork and also with the first prize on tournament very worth it.
game-hours: 575.4
review: 10/10
game-hours: 787.8
review: verry good game ,everyone need this game recommended
game-hours: 296.9
review: its good
game-hours: 1289.9
review: Lighters
game-hours: 2221.0
review: Good Game
game-hours: 259.8
review: Good Game :)
game-hours: 260.5
review: The learning curve is steep, but the game is good. Really good. How good? How about... good enough to make you ask yourself questions like "How important is dating really?" or "Do I really need this job more than I need this win?" good.
game-hours: 237.6
review: ...
game-hours: 1717.8
review: Great Game ^.^
game-hours: 496.4
review: must play game!!
game-hours: 396.9
review: It is the long-awaited sequel to the best mod ever. It is scientifically proven that it makes your grades at university better and give you the ability to turn invisible. If you're in the beta, you should be playing this mind-blowing game instead of reading this poor attempt at conveying how brain-meltingly amazing this game is through the mortal medium of a text. If you aren't in the beta, go cry in a corner. DOTA2 IS AWESOME ^_^
game-hours: 504.3
review: Dota 2 is a very good strategy game that i recomend, it is better than other mobas like lol as you cant buy anything to give you an advantage, just vanity items like huds
game-hours: 4353.6
review: I cant stop playing!
game-hours: 397.8
review: PLAY THIS GAME OR ILL CUT UR D**K OF
game-hours: 724.8
review: yeah!!
game-hours: 819.5
review: Very interesting game with verious style about how to play. This game is about strategy and teamwork which allow you to make some method to kill enemy
game-hours: 1591.7
review: Fun, competitive and team work game if u like dota, LoL, HoN u should love this too
game-hours: 2685.5
review: !!!
game-hours: 8.4
review: Hats.
game-hours: 891.3
review: i like this game i dont know why?
game-hours: 1529.9
review: A great PvP game that offers some of the most intriguing and nuanced team combat around.
game-hours: 185.5
review: Better than League Of Legends. A game where you need to have pro skill to win.
game-hours: 1518.4
review: Best game ever played
game-hours: 2329.4
review: Must try this game...Its insane.
game-hours: 1125.3
review: try this out!
game-hours: 1168.8
review: A new player could find quick chat wheel usefull.... But someone who played this game long enough will know that everything he needs is >!
game-hours: 56.3
review: Much russia such huehuehue very languages wow
game-hours: 44.9
review: nao importa o quanto eu regue as flores aki de casa, elas sempre estragam, deve ser esse vaso, eu acho q ele  amaldessoada em peoau
game-hours: 80.7
review: It be like Leauge of Legends but for people who don't do passives.
game-hours: 120.0
review: better than lol
game-hours: 1100.4
review: Better than LoL!
game-hours: 2387.5
review: yes
game-hours: 12.1
review: noooo
game-hours: 2269.2
review: great game Warning: Prepetual spirals of madness, episodes of anxiety, and seas of dissapointment may occur.
game-hours: 1007.1
review: F2P zaten oynayn
game-hours: 3906.5
review: -, ,  IceFrog
game-hours: 1975.7
review: Great moba Time consuming yes but it is WELL worth all of it one of my top 3 games for sure
game-hours: 1013.1
review: Best Free Game so far
game-hours: 1875.2
review: This game will make you racist. Gameplay is great though!
game-hours: 1114.3
review: Tons of fun to play with friends or strangers. Easy enough to learn and someone can become fairly competetive with a little research into the mechanics.
game-hours: 80.3
review: IMMA PLAY IN IT
game-hours: 124.7
review: Best of MOBA !!!
game-hours: 656.6
review: what a game?
game-hours: 199.1
review: this game is the best
game-hours: 2499.2
review: ...
game-hours: 1276.8
review: This game is Totally AWESOME !!!
game-hours: 62.3
review: Waste 152 Min / Day
game-hours: 1211.5
review: Better Than DotA 1 And LoL And HoN
game-hours: 1390.2
review: Once apon a time......... in a soupy galaxy far far away, there was a soup who wanted to become the soup of all soup's, after much deliberations(and a bowl of soup, go figure*, cannabalism?*) our young soup warrior strod apon the dota2 battle grounds(rev.2.30.4321.1234) detemined to carve out him some destiny, like a boss. As soup warrior strutted onto the battlefield/map like a G and cast his eyes about, he came eye to eye, face to face and gaze to gaze with his long standing arch enemy: SOUP SPOON! (dun dun DUNNNN) soup became enraged saying: AWE HELL NO! and immediately casted his stun: noodles of slippery footing while screaming: GET REKT NERD!!! He then unleashed his ult:scalding burn of tounge with tremendous fury while screaming: CRY MORE  YOUR TEARS ARE SO DELICIOUS!!! and just as it seemed that soup would claim victory as his own, soup spoon countered with his salty crackers of dominance spell, allowing him to escape into the jungle where he proceeded to.......... jungle(go figure) all the while swearing to return to soup warrrior and sh!t in his cereal! even if he had to do it one-spoonful-at-a-time!!!!! and so began the epic battle.......who will you chose to fight with like a boss while screaming: GET REKT NERD? DOTA2: spanning oceans and bringing together countless amounts of forgin language speaking imbelciles for 30-50 minutes of stupidity and bickering , enjoy!
game-hours: 91.7
review: I'm only 7 but I love DOTA!
game-hours: 2023.8
review: Dota 2 will be your new or next girlfriend. Highly recommend.
game-hours: 1400.1
review: Dota Dota Dota Dota spirit breaker phantom assassin riki riki.
game-hours: 1507.3
review: ngon !
game-hours: 10.5
review: ,  ...
game-hours: 1002.5
review: Good !
game-hours: 317.9
review: It was K.
game-hours: 4425.6
review: Aweeeeeeeeeesomeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee Doto is da best
game-hours: 381.2
review: nice game ever i love this game so much
game-hours: 2106.2
review: Piece of  game! Full of Russian noobs that dont speak english and ruin EU West games
game-hours: 483.3
review: This game is very popular .Its most interesting .Goooo playing
game-hours: 40.6
review: (Y)
game-hours: 2403.9
review: =0
game-hours: 95.9
review: Best MOBA out there!
game-hours: 958.4
review: THE BEST GAME
game-hours: 1098.0
review: This game made me hate myself and everyone else on this planet. 10/10 it's pretty good
game-hours: 2510.2
review: !
game-hours: 1738.3
review: Better than League of Legends.
game-hours: 3002.7
review: "2 steps from hell" hf
game-hours: 2337.1
review: +rep
game-hours: 2128.8
review: Teaches you to be independent and not to trust anyone and also buy a courier, it is more useful than your teammates.
game-hours: 440.4
review: good
game-hours: 3106.7
review: good game
game-hours: 1599.3
review: hhhhh
game-hours: 936.5
review: awesome game much better than LoL and HoN.
game-hours: 259.8
review: RWERWEWESDFSDF
game-hours: 641.7
review: Fun & addictve. A good game for friends to gather online and have fun playing
game-hours: 2098.4
review: Not noob friendly if your coming from LoL or starting from scratch. BUT once you get the gist of things...It's hard to stop playing. I think 50-60 matches should get most people to know all the  and giggles.
game-hours: 1621.3
review: Very nice very good
game-hours: 1157.5
review: gg
game-hours: 841.9
review: GG
game-hours: 883.1
review: cool
game-hours: 333.0
review: Im addicted O_O
game-hours: 2418.6
review: I have been hooked on this drug for about 7 years now At first it was the asian overlords and dictators who bullied us plebians to submission then in 2011 our new peruvian and russian overlords came and conquered us unworthy ones .
game-hours: 1264.8
review: 11/10 Dota 2 is not just a game.
game-hours: 1034.3
review: very nice
game-hours: 1179.5
review: beautyfull game
game-hours: 723.2
review: This game is so AWESOME! I'd like to say: "Thank you VALVE so much for your great ideas to this game. You've make this game with so effort and love. Thx guys!!"
game-hours: 1748.0
review: Best game in the world :))
game-hours: 669.1
review: Very fun and competitive game that you'll never get bored from
game-hours: 345.4
review: hahahahah
game-hours: 130.7
review: Review
game-hours: 457.0
review: good game
game-hours: 343.2
review: best game in that world but you have to learn one thing it's russian language and be prepared to play with alot of russian noobs but what the hell it's a very fun to play game
game-hours: 161.3
review: a
game-hours: 2684.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 1935.2
review: I Love This Game
game-hours: 1704.6
review: better than anything
game-hours: 1263.4
review: Dota 2 Destroyer of friendships, devourer of wallet contents, harvester of hatred, decimator of sanity, breeding ground of stupidity and keen depressant. 10/10
game-hours: 1394.1
review: There is a reason everyone plays it
game-hours: 578.1
review: Is only MOBA game
game-hours: 648.2
review: Quite fun to play
game-hours: 1576.2
review: What can i say about Dota 2 that hasnt been said before, It is one of the most mechanically complex games you could possibly find around. It has a extremely high skill ceiling and takes a lot of effort from you to learn and not be a burden on your team. You will get hate from the community until you become capable and if you do decide to dive in prepare yourself for some harsh words until you settle in but compering this game to league of legends like most others do, It is more complex and fulfilling then league will ever be but its not for the faint of heart. But if you do stick with it and a few mates it will be hands down one of the best times you could ever have.
game-hours: 709.5
review: Tactic game
game-hours: 85.5
review: The Game Is so great i couldnt even fap
game-hours: 1321.5
review: Andrew says it 9/10. But not as good as Fallout New Vegas. RISK factions still number 1
game-hours: 1652.8
review: Russians everywhere
game-hours: 19.5
review: this game is a pile of horse shiopt
game-hours: 264.8
review: The most friendliest community I have been, great teamworks, great teammates giving advice on what you will build you're lost on what to make, gives free russian language lessons while in doing team fights. Better gameplay you can play like you don't lag even though your ping is already over 9000 and most of all thai players gaving you advice which thais are real girls I learn from them them as well that 5 is supposed to be written as "555555555555" great community 10/10 will recommend and play
game-hours: 1622.7
review: DOTA 2 oh what can i say , i had never played dota ever dota 2 was recommended to me by a friend of mine claming that its just like diablo but with PVP elements only. I always loved diablo and thought well why not. So i downloaded it the game got froze on loading screen and i was stuck. i never played it ever after that only when i saw a friend total playtime 4000 hours i was swept from feets. i reinstalled it looked for cure for that freezing bug. found it. applied it. they game ran trust me for starting 20 hours i had no clue what the  was happening. i was seeing a lot  and NOOB it was all disastrous then happened miracle. I started understaning terms like feed feeder last hit kill steal stuffs.. and from then on i have lost my job lost my gf didnt even went to my parents funeral my dog died in the same room i lived thank you DOTA 2 u have given me heavenly pleasures
game-hours: 989.1
review: Worst game ever. Of all time. 0/10 would play again.
game-hours: 2721.6
review: don't play this game, it will eat your soul!
game-hours: 479.8
review: Verz tacticaly game! I like it
game-hours: 934.2
review: Play Eat Repeat
game-hours: 1221.6
review: Dota2 is a very very very very best game ever
game-hours: 141.0
review: ..
game-hours: 3054.0
review: ?  !   - ! ,  .
game-hours: 775.5
review: The biggest and most frustrating game you'll ever see. Prepare for angry teammates, people who don't know what they're doing, as you would expect in an online game. THE number one choice to learn swear words in other languages and nothing more. Download this god damn game. 20/5 Kappas
game-hours: 380.2
review: Best game i ever played
game-hours: 2.0
review: Not bad but requires offline LAN support
game-hours: 882.9
review: BLYAT
game-hours: 767.1
review: Best Game Ever !
game-hours: 360.4
review: THIS IS AMAZING! Definitly my favourite game. Would recommend this to everyone. It's a must have. xD
game-hours: 809.2
review: This game is tight ya'll!! :)
game-hours: 2417.7
review: After just having spent my 1000th hour playing this game, I believe I can speak about this game from some experience. This is without a doubt the best MOBA style game available. It isn't pay to win like some competitors, and the options to spend money are only small personal taste enhancers. It's a fun game, although daunting at first. If you've never tried it, you should really give it a shot.
game-hours: 2949.5
review: Nice to play ^^
game-hours: 60.0
review: assome
game-hours: 23.1
review: <3
game-hours: 2951.0
review: NOobness.....
game-hours: 2.1
review: good game
game-hours: 152.1
review: mid or feed simulator 2013
game-hours: 3121.7
review: nc
game-hours: 2262.5
review: Yes.
game-hours: 657.1
review: Dota2 is my game and Team Blue is my name.
game-hours: 846.2
review: YOU CANT STOP THE ROCK...YOU CANT STOP THE ROCK!!!!!!!!! 10/10 WOULD RECOMEND RIKIxSPIRITBREAKER, OH AND BY THE WAY, BOUNTYHUNTER IS MISSING........
game-hours: 873.5
review: one of the best strategy games in the whole universe.
game-hours: 555.2
review: Still not better than naked apron
game-hours: 2349.2
review: cool game
game-hours: 1030.2
review: love this game very much <3
game-hours: 247.0
review: lan mode offline pls
game-hours: 744.5
review: nice game dota 2 . dota 2 can make me happy if i stress . but if i play i don received any item . soo sad :(
game-hours: 298.3
review: Nice game
game-hours: 1804.8
review: good game
game-hours: 3553.6
review: very addicting game, just try
game-hours: 3547.6
review: Dota 2 deserves its intimidating reputation, and it probably wont suit you if youre looking to play casually. Theres a huge time investment before you can even enjoy a game, let alone feel competent at it. But once you start to learn its secrets, theres a wild and exciting variety of play here thats unmatched, even by its peers. Its a challenge of knowledge as well as reflexes, and success is a rush. The fact that its completely and totally free to play in the way we wish all free-to-play games could be isnt just one of the most generous propositions anywhere in gaming, it creates a level playing field where skill and cooperation is paramount. May the best team win.
game-hours: 1443.2
review: amazing
game-hours: 1123.5
review: really good
game-hours: 1673.5
review: One of the best games ever :)
game-hours: 3575.7
review: best game ever played
game-hours: 302.9
review: The best of its genre, highly addictive, casual and competative
game-hours: 1873.9
review: Superb game after COD 4...........
game-hours: 1902.9
review: I like Dota 2 !
game-hours: 1047.9
review: super game.. best ever :D
game-hours: 2.1
review: Cruisers? Check. Help by friends? Check. Kicking  in this awesome game made by VALVe? Check.
game-hours: 3294.2
review: Nice Game :O
game-hours: 1647.3
review: asdfgh
game-hours: 5014.9
review: good game
game-hours: 2171.7
review: What a great game! 10/10, amazingly satisfying and fun all round.
game-hours: 3841.8
review: GAME GAME GAME ....!!!
game-hours: 1548.1
review: The worst thing to happen to me was getting this game. Would recommend.
game-hours: 1172.6
review: Dota 2 is a multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) video game and the stand-alone sequel to the Defense of the Ancients (DotA) mod. Developed by Valve Corporation, the game was officially released on July 9, 2013 as a free-to-play title for Microsoft Windows, concluding a beta testing phase that began in 2011. OS X and Linux versions of Dota 2 were released on July 18, 2013. In most regions, Dota 2 is exclusively available through Valve's content delivery platform, Steam. Each match of Dota 2 is independent and involves two teams, both containing five players and each occupying a stronghold at either end of the map. Located in each stronghold is a building called the "Ancient"; to win, a team must destroy the enemy's Ancient. Each player controls a "Hero" character and focuses on leveling up, collecting gold, acquiring items and fighting against the other team to achieve victory.
game-hours: 1755.8
review: stressful!!
game-hours: 587.9
review: GG
game-hours: 289.8
review: Best Game ever
game-hours: 1882.0
review: no support=no victory!
game-hours: 512.4
review: gg wp
game-hours: 362.6
review: A great MOBA type game
game-hours: 2551.8
review: the best game ever
game-hours: 2366.3
review: The best game ever. 10/10, see me after class.
game-hours: 1345.7
review: Good , play bots and make sure you know what your doing before joining pubs because people will get grumpy if you don't...
game-hours: 2032.3
review: avsom
game-hours: 596.4
review: Alot of fancy stuff happens here, I like stuff. Stuff is cool
game-hours: 472.8
review: DoTA is <3
game-hours: 745.5
review: i like this
game-hours: 753.8
review: Seriously cannot stop playing
game-hours: 106.7
review: Awesome Game kept me playing it for hours........
game-hours: 879.4
review: good
game-hours: 23.6
review: Racial purity must be achieved by Valve through a regional lock. The impure scum will be cleansed.
game-hours: 1360.1
review: If you dont want to study and just have fun instead, i recommend getting this game! Its cheaper than education xD
game-hours: 1136.5
review: Best  simulator ever made. 10/10
game-hours: 1619.9
review: Thanks for standing still, ! Definately a must buy!
game-hours: 3191.0
review: New interface hero, HD graph, and So Many Event and Item that make this game not so bored
game-hours: 317.8
review: A very good game! :))))))))
game-hours: 4117.2
review: One of the best RTS i ve ever played ,full of action , and increase creative game playing through all it is mod. The game is updated and enhnced with resolving every problem found regarding hero and map ,bug and adding new stuff. 4/5
game-hours: 6.3
review: Cool
game-hours: 851.3
review: People I suggest you to play Dota 2 instead of League of Legends or other MOBA games. Enjoy it, it has great community.
game-hours: 1533.9
review: Broccoli Power
game-hours: 119.2
review: windrunninforthewin
game-hours: 2959.9
review: Love it)
game-hours: 1434.3
review: Violently beat the  out of everything you see.... I mean, what's better than that? The answer you're seeking is nothing, nothing is better than that. So get this game now.
game-hours: 1049.0
review: Fun to play and free to play !
game-hours: 945.6
review: DOTA 2 IS SUPER NICE
game-hours: 2114.3
review: Best game ever. Smart move for IceFrog to be with the Valve team. Good Job!
game-hours: 772.5
review: better than dota 1
game-hours: 586.5
review: Interesting Game(+)
game-hours: 1503.5
review: Dota 2 is <3
game-hours: 1017.9
review: It Has A Tough Learning Curve But When You Overcome It, It Offers One Of The Best Experience Out There
game-hours: 3720.1
review: good game kbye
game-hours: 1469.5
review: great game :D
game-hours: 2517.7
review: ITS AWESOMEEE!!!
game-hours: 937.4
review: Dota 2 is the best team strategy game. you need a well coordination and understanding to win every match.
game-hours: 1177.4
review: If we play together we must play at our best. . . .
game-hours: 2639.6
review: nice game ever!!!
game-hours: 20.7
review: Rat Doto, best Doto
game-hours: 1195.8
review: best game ever..hahaha
game-hours: 804.8
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 398.3
review: i really recommend this game cause its very nice
game-hours: 1238.0
review: ^^
game-hours: 637.1
review: Nice game for my "Tension Release". Hahaha
game-hours: 444.8
review: MAlakas ako
game-hours: 625.7
review: SS
game-hours: 840.5
review: This is A very awsome game must be tried once in life time. this game is also addictive and moralfull.
game-hours: 80.9
review: Nice game and FUN
game-hours: 511.2
review: This game just shows that anything is possible if you work hard alone because russians keep you down all the time
game-hours: 813.2
review: well played
game-hours: 1751.0
review: good game
game-hours: 1646.8
review: I'm learning lots from this game: How to  How to speak Russian How to giff mana How to solo mid AND feed How to lose your social life in <1000 hours
game-hours: 2130.1
review: cool
game-hours: 584.9
review: An awesome game. And im into racing and cars. A bit of a learning curve, but highly rewarding once you get into even the average skilled matches. I suggest to read Guides and practice last hitting and denying for a while in passive difficulty in a custom game. You can't get too good at last hitting.
game-hours: 763.3
review: awesome game
game-hours: 693.7
review: cha very nice
game-hours: 347.4
review: such hard game. very worth it. much pleasure. can be any caharacter you want on your side. regular moba game. but very in depth. play bots! then friedns! then make enemies >:) hehehe.
game-hours: 2060.0
review: 123
game-hours: 1716.4
review: Nice game i've ever played :-)
game-hours: 1313.3
review: Very amazing i could cry.
game-hours: 1639.1
review: cool game!
game-hours: 1768.3
review: so nice game
game-hours: 1422.0
review: its a gg game
game-hours: 1539.4
review: support and happy fun :)
game-hours: 516.0
review: NICE GAME
game-hours: 3414.1
review: It's like having an abusive girlfriend. You'll get yelled at, stomped on, and smacked around so much you'll cry yourself to sleep every night. But every once in a great while, she'll give you a peck on the cheek and a tiny little tickle. You'll feel the greatest sense of worth and acomplishment you've ever experienced, until the beatings continue a few moments later. You know you're being beaten and bloodied every minute you spend with her, but you can't bring yourself to leave her. And you never will. 10/10
game-hours: 998.7
review: REally Awesome game Dota 2, and you can make money from this game....
game-hours: 973.0
review: awesome game
game-hours: 1399.1
review: Dota 2 <3
game-hours: 317.4
review: awesome
game-hours: 1792.5
review: Good
game-hours: 1252.4
review: (y)
game-hours: 34.9
review: HoN is so much better then this game I mean like HoN is like a 10/10 and DOTA 2 is like a -10/10. I wish this game didn't suck so much and try to copy HoN. HoN is so ing good tho. Idk why people even play this knock off.
game-hours: 1137.9
review: aaaaaaa
game-hours: 452.8
review: Good Game Well Played !
game-hours: 571.6
review: feed or mid!
game-hours: 2694.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 94.8
review: i recommend this game gg kids
game-hours: 1959.0
review: Buen juego
game-hours: 368.3
review: This game teaches us that weak hero with great teamwork can beat lone strong hero
game-hours: 129.5
review: Dota 2 is 2nd of my list best MOBA games.I love Dota 2 because is dont need to unlock her or maps.Is very funny to play.
game-hours: 73.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 1898.1
review: Nice Game Ever
game-hours: 1560.7
review: Yesh. Doto > lolo, hono, and the rest of moba crap.
game-hours: 6193.2
review: Probably the best game ever.
game-hours: 2058.8
review: 9/10 Would feed again.
game-hours: 250.2
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 2135.2
review: Dota 2, the sequel of a game that created a new genre: the MOBA. If you like RTS and competition you MUST try it. NB: you may also see this game as a Russian Teaching Software
game-hours: 2613.7
review: very good.
game-hours: 3423.5
review: always try to be a perfect player !!
game-hours: 1517.7
review: 11/10 Better than Octodad.
game-hours: 1064.0
review: nice game ever
game-hours: 1.6
review: This is the greatest tree cutting simulator ever.
game-hours: 4334.8
review: Very addictive game I should say :)
game-hours: 219.1
review: dota2
game-hours: 1811.9
review: <3 <3 <3
game-hours: 160.2
review: Perfect Game
game-hours: 3797.8
review: Good game!
game-hours: 2520.6
review: Best Game!
game-hours: 1650.2
review: Great game! Only problem is the russians on the SA servers
game-hours: 1289.1
review: i like to eat nasik lemak okay!!tysm
game-hours: 580.2
review: Best game ever !!
game-hours: 1448.3
review: jiii
game-hours: 2015.4
review: What can you commend ,it's too good!
game-hours: 1161.1
review: LOL
game-hours: 423.8
review: highly recommended!!!! addicting!!!
game-hours: 4553.3
review: Dota2 is a great game but it has a long learning curve. So if you whant to learn about DotA2 i suggest you talk to me and i help you :)
game-hours: 891.5
review: love this game <3
game-hours: 1966.2
review: o
game-hours: 2.2
review: awesome game....(Y)
game-hours: 3243.5
review: Fantastic game, Highly recommended! <3
game-hours: 776.7
review: this game simply...... the best strategy game ever made....
game-hours: 1979.3
review: Best GAME EVER.
game-hours: 1087.7
review: the best strategic team fight game in the world ! :D .you must play this game to experience the fun and excitement it offers :) DOTA 2 ! \m/
game-hours: 76.3
review: good game
game-hours: 807.9
review: Feeders, epic.
game-hours: 278.8
review: Much fun. Like a garage full of boners
game-hours: 3121.5
review: The whole world gotta crazy with this things!Need to spend whole life to play it!
game-hours: 1292.5
review: well.... best game ever made
game-hours: 1410.5
review: This game is one of the BEST MOBA i ever played - I recommend it strongly to anyone who likes team play and strategy.
game-hours: 120.2
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 19.1
review: greate game get it
game-hours: 142.0
review: great
game-hours: 4288.8
review: mato :D
game-hours: 190.7
review: Russian simulator 2011-present
game-hours: 1603.7
review: nc game
game-hours: 1648.4
review: best game ever!!! recommended to all gamers and non gamers!!! my advice get addicted!!!
game-hours: 1805.3
review: The first 100 games are a hellish learning curve.... the next 100 you are figuring out what you're doing... after that? Well you already put in 200 and you can't stop....
game-hours: 1521.0
review: Rock On
game-hours: 25.2
review: It gud
game-hours: 1686.9
review: Best game eveeer !!!
game-hours: 11.3
review: I LOVE IT FROM THE FIRST TIME <3 The Best of F2P Games
game-hours: 2361.2
review: Awesome game i ever played.. you guys aloso try this game ..really cool game
game-hours: 538.6
review: i love it
game-hours: 854.1
review: only 23hours in game and i love dota 2 . i cant believe i waste time on other games :D
game-hours: 1975.2
review: is the most challenging game I've ever played. The game will prove to you that "Teamwork and Strategies" are very important. No Limitations of Ideas and improvements,
game-hours: 27.8
review: vry gud fr kewl dudz
game-hours: 2429.4
review: Top notch game. Painful learning curve - worth the time and the pain
game-hours: 131.4
review: This game is so awesome, But please put techies on
game-hours: 275.4
review: Uhmmm.
game-hours: 689.4
review: Good Game!
game-hours: 41.5
review: Nice game
game-hours: 1129.1
review: yeah this game (dota 2) is change your life
game-hours: 3047.7
review: Dota 2 > HoN > Dota 1 > LoL
game-hours: 908.6
review: Nice game!
game-hours: 1268.4
review: ..
game-hours: 2082.4
review: Very nice game.
game-hours: 3512.6
review: best game ever <3
game-hours: 1097.5
review: awesome!
game-hours: 510.5
review: Nice Game..
game-hours: 1274.6
review: I Love This Game, always create new skill for make a good hero to fight in battle! GGWP DOTA 2
game-hours: 670.5
review: VERY NICE GAME.
game-hours: 1072.0
review: GG game buddy
game-hours: 2290.0
review: SO COOL!!!!!..
game-hours: 1631.9
review: Dota 2 is one of the best game i have ever played :) Its an addiction once you start playing it you cant stop. Its all about teamwork , your reflexes and the strategies you make to counter your enemies.
game-hours: 2046.1
review: Dota is one of my most played game. If you are familiar to MOBA (Multiplayer online battle arena) Dota is a game for you , it is difficult compare to LoL (League of Legends) no doubt on that . Its a true "play to win" game , purchasable items have no affect in gameplay they are only cosmetic for appearance only . All hero are unlocked unlike LoL you got to pay to unlock or play for hours or days to unlock a single champion . Dota matchmaking "Ranked Match Making" is quite broken. People gets quite frustrated if someone feed's or does some kind of mistake . I know it is quite a reasonable reason , as i did too . You wasted your life 40 min and some random people destroyed the match for you and other's . As goes for gameplay Dota is hard and takes time to learn it is a game for people who are patients . Heroes are quite balanced there are some cool events too like Diretide . its a fun game to play with friends and gets quite annoying too when people does stupid mistakes . There are people who likes to teach noob's like Purge one of my idol in dota 2 scene . New players should check out his guide "Welcome to dota you suck" . My overall rating for dota2 gonna be 9/10 . there are some problem with match making or just my bad luck ? .
game-hours: 787.8
review: This games was amazing. No Pro gamers that dont know about this game. Besides showing off your skills, this games also train your teamwork with your friends. VERY RECOMMENDED!
game-hours: 2049.6
review: I LOVE DOTA 2 <3
game-hours: 1947.2
review: have you ever wondered how you could finally learn more about russia and its interesting culture? Well wonder no longer, with this great game you can learn everything there is to know about the russians, they will happily teach you their language, culture and differences compared to western culture. So what are you waiting for? DAVAY DAVAY DAVAY
game-hours: 1599.1
review: yrah
game-hours: 2160.3
review: nice
game-hours: 12.9
review: realy good game
game-hours: 961.7
review: i like dota2
game-hours: 1004.3
review: Funny
game-hours: 190.7
review: hi yas dota2 me noo ietms leez ietms pleez oo pleez me ostrnem zaher
game-hours: 2012.9
review: bestes moba
game-hours: 2349.7
review: asdfg
game-hours: 1691.7
review: this game is really good and its' complexity is exciting! Learn to play using training feature before you go find match with other players unless you to get scholded! :D
game-hours: 1797.6
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 2356.1
review: epic
game-hours: 184.0
review: I HIGHLY reccomend this VERY popular game. It is a 5 v 5 battle game where you try to destroy the enemies base while waves of creatures from your team and the other team come. You have to do destroy buildings that attack you along the way to their base, the whole time leveling up your character with new skills and buying items from the shop, each one having a different abillity. With thousands, maybe millions of ways for you to make your character, and with over 100 different characters to choose from, no two games are ever the same. And that's the best part; you do everything you did all over again, while trying to improve your strategy. Unless you want to try a new character. The only downfall of this game is the learning curve. The tutorials that are in the game are okay at teaching you the basic mechanics of the game, there are tons of guides online that help you get a true understanding of the game. There are also reccomended builds for each character, helping you get a better understanding of each character. Once you have that, you are set to go. Hop in a normal game, and pick any of the limited characters selection, and enjoy! After all, while a game can be serious it's still a game, so have fun! I hope to see you sometime soon in a match!
game-hours: 1463.9
review: Play Dota 2 and have fun glhf
game-hours: 1866.8
review: This is the best game ever..more fun to play with ur friends
game-hours: 1232.4
review: good game
game-hours: 0.6
review: Vi sitter hr i venten och spelar lite dota  pushar p  smeker, med motstndet vi leker.
game-hours: 1680.5
review: nice
game-hours: 146.8
review: play this game guys
game-hours: 171.5
review: THIS IS OWNING MY LIFE PLEASE PLAY WITH ME OR HELP ME BUT PREFERABLY PLAY WITH ME SO I DON'T HAVE TO STOP PLAYING EVEN THOUGH I KNOW ITS OWNING MY LIFE. Hi.
game-hours: 2240.7
review: cool games bro!
game-hours: 13.2
review: Great and fun! 11/10
game-hours: 941.0
review: Better then any other moba game
game-hours: 60.8
review: This game is cool because of you can play with your friends .. ^_^
game-hours: 824.7
review: this is it
game-hours: 3498.6
review: dota 2
game-hours: 2953.3
review: White people shouldn't play the game. Only asians with skill can play.
game-hours: 599.7
review: Game used to be fun but is full of 11 year olds and russians. they need to fix the game also just play lol.
game-hours: 2654.0
review: best game ever. so addictive. GG
game-hours: 134.5
review: Newly absorbed into the cultivated mass of Dota 2 fanatics, I played League of Legends prior to my switch and found many of the differences appealed to the things I loved about Mobas. Def recommend anyone and everyone who enjoys Mobas to give it a try.
game-hours: 323.4
review: Probably the most addicting game i have ever played. Better than HON and LOL! Cheers! :D
game-hours: 1290.2
review: good game
game-hours: 1506.4
review: Mazing
game-hours: 177.1
review: JOGO D+++ ZENTI, MUITOS AMIGUINHUS VIRTUAIS PRA VOC, MUITA SAPECARIA, MUITA CALMEZA E AMOR A DENTRO. UM JOGO FEITO PARA PESSOAS LEGAIS (QUE NAO JOGAM LOL, ZUERA, SEM PRECONCEITOS GALERI)
game-hours: 1484.0
review: you must try
game-hours: 1223.6
review: .
game-hours: 919.1
review: best game :)))
game-hours: 802.7
review: This may be one of the best games I ever played. If you are new too the Moba genre you will bennifit from some tutorials for nubs. You can find them on YouTube. I say that because the learning curve is steep and unforgiving. But the payoff is huge. I hated the first 20 hours of my time on this game. But now I can honestly say it belongs in the Pantheon of great games of all time.
game-hours: 52.3
review: Nais
game-hours: 2353.6
review: Amazing team based game. Most fun with your friends and family, but can also be fun solo. Take the players with a grain of salt, people on the internet are trolls.
game-hours: 161.1
review: good game
game-hours: 57.6
review: LoL began with WC3:Dota....it got better
game-hours: 424.0
review: Fast and addictive game of tactic, teamwork and knowing your enemies.
game-hours: 319.7
review: Probably one of the best free games out there. I can't think of a good reason not to play it. The learning curve is steep, but once you get the hang of the items, skills, and characters there's a lot to enjoy here. It may be frustrating at times, but when you get a good team together and start pulling off some awesome game-saving maneuvers, it's hard NOT to love it.
game-hours: 1367.8
review: Its thats kinda game you have to love cant hate it
game-hours: 2911.3
review: One of the best games ever.
game-hours: 338.1
review: :)
game-hours: 867.2
review: This game is a great strategy game and its also good to teamworking! Addictive and alot game modes! Recommended. 5/5
game-hours: 172.4
review: I have learned some cool language in Dota 2 , such as  and bobo . Kappa .
game-hours: 571.4
review: its good
game-hours: 1028.5
review: The best MOBA just got a better sequel. Recommended for everyone who has ever tried and liked MOBA's.
game-hours: 783.4
review: .  ,    .
game-hours: 3901.6
review: <3 dota
game-hours: 1030.8
review: s
game-hours: 2250.7
review: best game ever .
game-hours: 48.2
review: Good dame so far, seems promising.. Way better than League of Legends, nice interface. Although the game should have its own ingame money so we can buy skins/items. I'm a newb so far. I'll keep it posted. :)
game-hours: 1065.9
review: Awesome! ;)
game-hours: 3968.2
review: wooh
game-hours: 575.7
review: fun except the freakin' bugs >..<
game-hours: 890.2
review: Feel like committing suicide some time soon?, Speak a strong russian accent?, Like to be very bad at games and then blame it on other people?, Or perhaps you just like to play games and troll people untill they commit suicide themselves. Well if so, this is your game.
game-hours: 109.8
review: If you like dota you will like this
game-hours: 1427.4
review: awesome game . lot of fun
game-hours: 2146.4
review: Best MODA/RTS you will ever play.
game-hours: 1999.3
review: asses on fire
game-hours: 4777.2
review: Best Game EVER!!
game-hours: 0.3
review: its whatevs
game-hours: 21.3
review: it's like CRACK!
game-hours: 768.0
review: I cant stop playing it!
game-hours: 626.2
review: Pretty solid game, makes league look like complete monkey . The only problem with this game is that the russians and hispanics dont know how to pick there own server so nine times out of ten you get that one dumb  who doesnt speak english on your team.
game-hours: 619.1
review: Russian Friend Simulator 2014
game-hours: 1153.8
review: nice to play the dota.. hope can add some new graphic. ty
game-hours: 132.3
review: Like being yelled at? Like yelling at people? This game is perfect, 10/10.
game-hours: 57.5
review: -,
game-hours: 3151.5
review: Amazing games guys!
game-hours: 1619.3
review: nice game~
game-hours: 2858.6
review: best game ever
game-hours: 8165.8
review: this is verry good game since i play dota
game-hours: 1229.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 1768.4
review: Ever wanted to be shouted at in a language you don't know? get Dota 2.
game-hours: 127.2
review: As a Dota 2 fan and an avid player of LoL, I can say that the debate between which is better is moot. They are completely different playstyles and both have their own merits that make each game extremely addictive and enjoyable. Dota 2 is exactly what us Dota fans wanted it to be since back in the WC3 days. The community and the developers have made gameplay near perfection and the rest of the game system just keeps getting better as it evolves. I highlly recommend this game and there's no reason not to try it out, it's free!
game-hours: 123.2
review: yes
game-hours: 165.8
review: its amizing to play...im dota gamers
game-hours: 2164.8
review: Best game that will make your eyes explode
game-hours: 1091.5
review: this game very very good :D
game-hours: 1231.9
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 1249.3
review: !
game-hours: 2502.9
review: i love dota.... but dota dont love me.... lol
game-hours: 1786.1
review: It's pretty good i guess
game-hours: 833.0
review: meepoo. Volvo i love u :*
game-hours: 731.9
review: Amazing
game-hours: 17.9
review: This game is my life. My life is this game. Friends and family dont matter, Dota 2 comes first. This is not just a review but also a story of my entire life as life is complete with this game.
game-hours: 70.9
review: This is Dota2 True Stories  !
game-hours: 458.6
review: This game is my hobby, my passion, my love and this is Awesome Game... <3 DotA2
game-hours: 1728.6
review: this game is the best. you will enjoy playing this game. i love this sow much.
game-hours: 2493.6
review: BEST LAUNGUAGE LEARNING TOOL ON THE INTERNET.
game-hours: 2611.7
review: Hands down best game i ever played.It is so much fun,specially if you are playing with friends and it never gets old.
game-hours: 316.0
review: Much better than LOL in so many ways for example the item system in DOTA is way better than the skin system in LOL because you don't have to play in order to get some nice items and in LOL u will have to invest money in order to get skins, so that's a big reason why i love this game more than LOL. Another reason is that i love graphics and since the graphics in dota are really sexy i find this a better game already (xD). But without comparing i really love the game because its so strategic and fun in many ways and i'm addicted to it. I think this game will atleast give me a couple 100 to maybe a 1000 hours of fun! So if you're thinking about downloading the game.. just click that green button already C;
game-hours: 2407.2
review: better than the others...:D
game-hours: 1530.6
review: Dota 2 is an official sequel to the mega-popular Warcraft 3 mod: Defense of the Ancients. For those of you who don't know what that is, it's an extremely competitive Action RTS where you control a single hero unit. You and your team of 4 other players must destroy your enemies' towers, eventually leading to the ultimate objective: a massive building called the Ancient, while also defending your own (That's why it's called DEFENSE of the ANCIENTS). Before you can expect to be strong enough to knock down enemy towers, you need to level up and aquire gold, which you get by killing these AI controlled soldiers, called creeps, that spawn at regular intervals. You need to land the killing blow (last hit) on the creep in order to get any gold from it, which is much harder than it sounds. You need precise timing and knowledge of your hero's unique attack animation in order to be able to get any gold. If you get no gold, then you can't get any items to make your hero stronger. Each hero has their own unique look, unique personality, unique skill set (ranging from super simple to super complicated), unique strengths and weaknesses, and their own unique playstle. It's the player's job to know how to best itemize and control their hero in order to best serve their team. Your hero can be a mage that has powerful spells, a disabler that is great at stunning or otherwise locking down the enemy team, a support that is best at helping other team members, a carry that is great at putting out high damage-per-second with their powerful right clicks, or any combination of the 4. I'm gonna level with you right here. This game is deep. This game is complicated. This game is HARD. It doesn't have a steep learning curve; it has a learning CLIFF. You will likely have next to no idea what you're doing when you first start. You will lose games, but the more you play, the more you will learn, and the more fun you will have. If you don't enjoy games that harshly punish mistakes, you won't get far in this. However, if you like games that reward smart strategy and skillfull play, or if you like deep and super-competitive games with a lot of personality, then Dota 2 could be exactly what you're looking for. Play it (Unless you suck...)
game-hours: 2594.4
review: perfect
game-hours: 222.2
review: Is good, no?
game-hours: 3152.2
review: saas
game-hours: 1243.6
review: thumbs up!
game-hours: 347.0
review: very play
game-hours: 601.3
review: When I launched this game first time, I thought: "Wow, this game is pretty good!". You know, I've played shooters my whole life, and DotA was such a "breath of fresh air" for me. I liked it so mush first time. My friend tought me to play it, and everything was awesome, until i started to realize that i'm turning into crazy racist that hates every not-english-speaking-gamer, that hates each of nine players on the map, and it scared me. That's my story. So, let's see the review. Do not play this game! First time you may think, that DotA is awesome game which improve teamplay and etc, but this is wrong. It makes you turn into racist and children-hater. Each of nine players on the map always tell you that they ed your mom, if you play not that good. DotA has the worst game-community in the world. I don't recommend this game. Do not play it. It spends all your time, all your money and worsen your relations with people. Do you really want it?
game-hours: 1508.1
review: i like playing dota 2 that all thank you :P
game-hours: 2886.2
review: As a DOTA addict, I love/hate this game so much. I love it because I JAJAJajAJAJAJA CSM REPORT TEAM NOOB love the challenge it brings with every match. I hate it because it consumes so much of my  BLYAT time and the community is really horrible. If you just started to HIJO DE  NOOB  MADRE play DOTA then prepare yourself for a storm of insults coming your way, people will trashtalk you and be mean to you, ignore them, you will have so much JAJAJAJAJJAJA fun in this game you won't even care about the community, you'll find friends and  MADRE ESTE MEEPO ES UNA  enjoy the game eventually. Have NO WARDS NOOB TEAM JAJA REPORT OMG THIS TINY fun and good luck!
game-hours: 4697.6
review: awesome!!!
game-hours: 1961.5
review: Want to play videogame with your friends? Leave this game while you can. RECOMMEND.
game-hours: 504.8
review: I've fully switched over to Dota 2 from playing League of Legends for 6 years. I have to say I never spent a dime on League, and have only been playing Dota 2 for three weeks and spent roughly $50. Although it is quite different when compared to LoL, in terms of difficulty, I say it's much more fun playing Unfair bots with friends. The community is also great.
game-hours: 261.4
review: trade worlock set to 12pcs compedium
game-hours: 55.8
review: GLHF
game-hours: 13.3
review: Awesome game! and its freeee!!!!!
game-hours: 2852.7
review: Basically crack.
game-hours: 327.3
review: /10 would bang
game-hours: 556.0
review: Dota, not much more needs to be said.
game-hours: 1760.8
review: 96 hours a month. would not recommend.
game-hours: 4893.4
review: ING LOVE THIS GAME ! AWESOME
game-hours: 2297.9
review: Very good game, bunch of heroes to play with, but a very bad community.
game-hours: 131.4
review: you should be playing
game-hours: 833.6
review: Perfect !!!
game-hours: 1867.4
review: This game is a , always in  teams, would rage again 10/10
game-hours: 601.7
review: Have u ever dream? It's a dream itself. Full of despair and regret. But its all for u. U can earn respect by ur teammates, moreover an envy form the other team. You can be GOD. Do ur best NOW. U're the ONE who CAN make this. U MUST SHOUT "YOLO" and DO EVERYTHING. As I always say 'Hit or Miss'.
game-hours: 2256.2
review: Mid and feed
game-hours: 2269.9
review: Nikogda ne igraite V ETU IGRU
game-hours: 1272.5
review: It is good because of the graphics
game-hours: 1215.4
review: Well played valve, well played............
game-hours: 1301.9
review: Best Game But Set's are so expensive for some country
game-hours: 2458.9
review: Yes, this game is the most fun I've ever had!
game-hours: 62.1
review: Awsome game that needs brain to play this
game-hours: 414.7
review: :)
game-hours: 701.0
review: good!
game-hours: 1697.4
review: best game ever
game-hours: 395.3
review: Nice game for entertainment :x
game-hours: 1009.2
review: I'm a dog.
game-hours: 1379.7
review: Dont play dota unless you're prepared to be patient and bare the insults of angry teammates. get through that and its one of the best games you'll play
game-hours: 1972.1
review: i do hardcore trash talking when i play this >:D
game-hours: 885.5
review: cool
game-hours: 1644.0
review: Dota 2. Not very much to say . Just - THE BEST MOBA OUT THERE !!!!!!!!
game-hours: 765.8
review: best russian simulator i have played
game-hours: 1098.6
review: good game,,,,Sukses..GBU
game-hours: 790.7
review: Really fun game. It might take you awhile to get to a decent playing ability more so than most games, but when you do and get some good friends to play with it's amazing.
game-hours: 2281.3
review: A good game, better than LoL
game-hours: 830.9
review: love this game its hard to play at first then your addicted to it !!!
game-hours: 2661.9
review: Yo like this game is pretty chill ya feel?
game-hours: 258.9
review: I love it.
game-hours: 804.3
review: Amazing.
game-hours: 779.5
review: This game is incredibly fun and addictive my favorite MOBA 10/10
game-hours: 796.7
review: You know your ed when your teamate goes 0 and 4 in the first five minutes and keeps yelling ''brutos'' to which i had no understanding. Now instead of greating my teamates I look for spanish names and rage in the all chat saying ''ing Mexicans.'' Someonething that I could never understand was why they don't play on the Mexican or Latin American servers. This game has ruined friendships and created a community thats greets you with ''Go yourself.'' Overall this game is a hole in which you can waste countless hours of raging and yelling at my friends or getting yelled at. Avoid this game it's harder than squeezing that one dingleberry out your . Avoid all MOBAs because I have learned from experience. I played League of Legends and Latin American people or anyone who speaks Spanish gets matchmade with you and they ruin the game for you. You will become an anger person. If you want to become an angry unhappy person who comes home and plans to make spanish speaking people extinct from the planet. This ing game will make you ing  a dinosaur because you are still a virgin because you have sunk so many hours into it.
game-hours: 2356.6
review: Would definitely recommend this game to anyone who wants to learn Russian and/or Portuguese.
game-hours: 742.5
review: FANTASTIC
game-hours: 1023.3
review: Best free game on steam.
game-hours: 1268.1
review: Nice Moba Game steam
game-hours: 3332.3
review: This game amazing !
game-hours: 2408.7
review: I wanted to make a funny review but i think its time to mention this argument. If you checked this review to compare Dota to LoL or to HoN or to see which one is better, please staph. or not because that is the point of this review. i would like to make an honest review based on opinions and things on the game itself. Wow guys stop comparing this games and to see which one is better to play honestly they are all great MOBA games this games are all free to play ( im not sure in HoN but its free on garena) and have very competitive and cooperative game play and they all share the same goal to destroy that huge shiny thing in the enemy base. Now i would like to talk about the difference on all 3 of this games I will not side on any of this games i will just set aside the major differences but focusing more on Dota 2, this is a dota 2 review after all. Comparing this game to the other two, Dota lets you experience all of the heroes available unlike the other 2 you need to unlock heroes but they have a weekly rotation of heroes. All 3 games got micro transactions for cosmetics - etc. Being the newest to date, Dota 2 is also the best looking. Now, i talked to some of my pals and they said that Dota is rather "slow-phased" than the League, and its true. League of legends is a fast phased game but Dota 2 is a bit bigger so to say. and not just big because of the map, big because of various reasons like bringing stacks of TP or town portal scrolls with you, enabling teleportation to not just towers but friendly structures, unlike LoL you have a free trip back to base using this recall skill. and the fights or clashes are generally slower in dota 2. In my opinion LoL matches feel more faster than Dota 2 matches Now in HoN, or Heroes of Newerth is more common with Dota 2 than LoL HoN even features items and heroes aside from there names are pretty much the same. but the matches are relatively faster. And if you are comparing this games based on graphics.......really? are you playing the game because this game have much better graphics, quality than the other one? well it is true that graphics is a part of the game but it matters only which gameplay you wish to really enjoy. I hope this review helped you readers and Thank you. Now go feed or be fed.
game-hours: 9.5
review: O melhor !
game-hours: 470.9
review: LOVE IITT :D
game-hours: 223.8
review: Best game
game-hours: 378.8
review: very addicting game. very good in graphics also.
game-hours: 41.4
review: An RTS with a twist...... You control 1 Unit, who is that Unit? Your own Hero from a selection of 100+! The Creeps are autimated and the goal is simple..... Destroy the Ancient. The Ancient is the Teams Core, Destroy the Ancient and win! Pros: Fun once you get the hang of it TONES of Hero selections Every Hero no matter how insignifigant can make a difference Cons: Hard to learn 8/10
game-hours: 2081.9
review: Fun
game-hours: 600.1
review: I play this game so much that it's making me distant to my girlfriend, she hates this game, it's taking me away. Now we only talk when dota 2 is down, which is never :D this game never goes down. Help. Please.
game-hours: 1315.9
review: Best Game I Ever Played In My Life
game-hours: 2167.4
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 1056.7
review: go on!
game-hours: 877.7
review: gabe recommends.
game-hours: 2373.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 272.1
review: Great game!
game-hours: 2238.0
review: Super happy fun time.
game-hours: 1218.1
review: Nice game
game-hours: 728.2
review: best game seen <3
game-hours: 1654.9
review: kill time with ability draft
game-hours: 716.5
review: Awesome
game-hours: 2319.5
review: good
game-hours: 774.6
review: Wanna play this well say goodbye to reality, You will never leave the computer. ITS FREE SO WHY NOT PLAY THIS AWSOME GAME. GOODBYE GOTTA PLAY SOME MORE
game-hours: 766.4
review: Dota 2 is a MOBA that stays true to the original used map settings game from World Craft 3, but with a lot more polish. This game is very well produced with content that is constantly updating to keep the players entertained. No other MOBA game is worth your time.
game-hours: 1084.8
review: Good !
game-hours: 1418.1
review: Really Really good, I promise. please trust me :c
game-hours: 223.8
review: BEST GAME EVAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 106.9
review: Let's Play Along With Me!!
game-hours: 1892.2
review: Very good, absolutely perfect games, the real games who need teamwork, so?? dont miss it, grab ur friend and play with them together!!
game-hours: 2022.2
review: A GOOD PLAY
game-hours: 1463.3
review: Nice play
game-hours: 928.8
review: Oyun moba oyuncular iin zor ve gzel bir oyun. Ancak oyundaki herolar iin farkl farkl itemler gerekmesi oyunu zorlatran faktrlerden.
game-hours: 2416.5
review: Cool man
game-hours: 5245.6
review: BEST GAME EVOR
game-hours: 491.9
review: The Best RTS Game =D
game-hours: 1812.9
review: best game ever!!
game-hours: 1170.3
review: great!!!
game-hours: 1566.1
review: 232323
game-hours: 1881.5
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 108.3
review: the best game!
game-hours: 1160.1
review: nice this game
game-hours: 586.7
review: Play it now
game-hours: 1690.0
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1796.4
review: best pass time :)
game-hours: 888.6
review: okay !
game-hours: 318.5
review: DOTA is not just the game, Got it
game-hours: 3433.4
review: Nice game. Worth playing...
game-hours: 1415.9
review: Yes,yes very nice
game-hours: 829.2
review: this is amazing game in my life.. good luck valve
game-hours: 964.8
review: very helpful
game-hours: 903.6
review: Good Game! GG WP REPORT ()
game-hours: 5243.9
review: Let's play this game !!!
game-hours: 1105.9
review: this is a great game, nice to play.. many player play this game.. good job dota2
game-hours: 84.9
review: very nice game!
game-hours: 867.9
review: ilove DOTA 2 :)
game-hours: 392.8
review: Yup
game-hours: 692.5
review: nid frnd
game-hours: 3.3
review: very nice game
game-hours: 3494.1
review: a very nice game to play
game-hours: 1345.2
review: Play this  yo.
game-hours: 1382.7
review: Nice <3
game-hours: 2780.6
review: task
game-hours: 2829.2
review: Best game in the world, most people like it
game-hours: 2249.8
review: I great game, that makes you play on groups and incentive coopeartion beetween pals
game-hours: 199.2
review: endless suffering.
game-hours: 3199.2
review: LOOOOVE THIS GAME (soz for caps just needed to)
game-hours: 158.9
review: play
game-hours: 622.5
review: nice game ever
game-hours: 2015.7
review: nice
game-hours: 695.4
review: Love it.
game-hours: 792.5
review: sip
game-hours: 4841.8
review: Theres an adage that the Dota 2 community often quotes when someone identifies themselves as a new player. Welcome to Dota 2! They say, with open arms, before concluding with, You suck. They're not wrong: for the first dozen hours or so, you'll be bombarded with too much information and an often unforgiving community of extremely competitive players. But if you persevere, Dota 2 becomes one of the most rewarding and tense team-based multiplayer experiences anywhere in gaming. It's an achievement owed to uncompromising depth, a ridiculously generous free-to-play model, and the great features developer Valve has built up around it. Valve's artists deserve praise for a crisp and readable style that, after some practice, makes it possible to tell what's going on even in a massive brawl where both teams Dota 2 July 9. 2013 Dota 2 promises to take the unique blend of online RTS and RPG action that has made Dota popular with tens of millions of gamers and expand upon it in every way.  Much More Phill Cameron Says Easier-to-learn MOBAs Super Monday Night Combat Awesomenauts League of Legends of five colorful fantasy characters collide and cast spells at once. However, credit for the intimidatingly complex design of Dota 2 belongs to the original Defense of the Ancients mod (known as DOTA) for Warcraft III, which kicked off the MOBA genre. Valve (after hiring on DOTA's key developers) has copied that formula almost to the letter, and as a result Dota 2 has become notorious even among its MOBA peers for its difficulty  and thats totally justified. Its a double-edged sword that leads to both a terrifying introduction and a world-class competitive game at the highest levels. As such, you should not expect to have fun your first day playing... or even your first week. That sounds like a cardinal sin of gaming, but theres method to this madness. In short, Dota 2 is a deeply layered construct of systems, and to survive you need to understand every single one and how they interact with one another. Everything from learning to work as a member of a coordinated team to the counter-intuitive practice of killing your own AI units to deny the enemy experience points and gold theyd get from doing it themselves, and understanding the effects of hundreds of complex abilities like Bloodseekers Rupture (which deals huge damage with every step you take) is a big barrier to entry. Even figuring out which of the 102 heroes (and counting) fits you best is a time-consuming challenge. Initially, youre thrown into the deep end to flounder, trying out any hero that makes the slightest bit of sense. The selection is bewildering: playing as Riki with his permanent invisibility from level 6 on is an obvious choice, as it's hard to kill what you can't see. Drow Ranger, perhaps, with her obscene damage the instant she unlocks her "ultimate" ability at level 6, and her slowing Ice Arrows that enable both escapes and setting up a kill. On the more complex end of the spectrum you have choices like the armour-manipulating Templar Assassin, or the incredibly mobile Storm Spirit, who can dart around the battlefield and avoid damage by simply not being in the wrong place at the wrong time. On top of that there are well over 100 items to choose from within each game, each with their own ways of manipulating and enhancing your stats and suite of active abilities. Your learning has just begun when you've settled on what roles, heroes, and builds suit you best  you also have to adapt based on what other players choose. If the other team plays a Riki, you need to compensate with an emphasis on detection. Go up against Bloodseeker and his hideously powerful Rupture will force you to carry around a Town Portal Scroll to get home in a hurry. To grasp the subtleties of how heroes interact and fight you have to do more homework on the different kinds of damage and how theyre mitigated; how to prevent one type of spell from affecting you, and when you use that countermeasure; how the different kinds of aggro work, and when you need to manipulate them; the timers (which aren't made visible), and how to optimise your play around them. Even after all that, to avoid being caught at a disadvantage you must be taught the nuanced techniques that can make or break games, which Dota 2 seems to almost belligerently hide from new players. Tricks like pulling a group of neutral monsters out of their home so that a new group can spawn to effectively double the rewards are never hinted at. This forced me to read and educate my outside of Dota 2, which had the positive effect of introducing me to the player community and making me feel like a part of it. It's almost like an oral tradition that binds together a tribe. This is a balancing system that could only exist in a game where everybody has access to all heroes, and Valve wisely obliges. All of Dota 2, including its growing cast of 102 characters, is available from the moment you complete the all-too-brief tutorial. And that delicate system can only survive if the items for sale have zero effect on gameplay. Again, Valve has come through. Only cosmetic enhancements, almost all of which are created by the community and held to a very high standard, and tournament goodies (such as tickets for viewing live events) are for sale. Theres not a single paid advantage that could have the slightest impact on the in-game balance, and thats an amazing situation unrivalled among Dota 2s closest competition. Pretty much everything I've praised Dota 2 for, outside of being totally free, is taken directly from the outstanding original mod. Where Valve has taken initiative to make Dota 2 a significantly better experience is in everything surrounding it, including improving the pre-game matchmaking interface, supporting the community of professional and avid players, and even allowing artists to create and sell cosmetic items on the Dota 2 store. Perhaps most important are the steps Valve has taken toward taming the hyper-competitive community. Besides matchmaking, guilds, and a wide variety of different game modes, the things that Valve hasnt done are just as noticeable than the things it has. For example, theres no concede button to throw in the towel on a losing match, and though you earn a matchmaking rank to ensure you're placed competitively, it's not visible to other players. If withholding those features seems like a bad idea on the surface, their sacrifice was not in vain  it prevents irritable players from dropping out of a match at the first sign of defeat, or when they're teamed up with people whose stats don't meet their exacting standards  a real frustration in other MOBAs. LIkewise, Valve recognized that less is more when it comes to unlockables. Theres no progression outside of the game that will have the slightest mechanical effect inside of it. Without artificial goals to aim for, the matches are left with a strong and refreshing sense of fairness and purity, where everything that can influence success or failure is right there on the battlefield and in your head. In my personal experience, Valves ideas work. I've played for over 1,000 hours, and my encounters with people unwilling to act decently towards their fellow players have become increasingly rare over the course of Dota 2s development. It has never been more friendly than it is now  though thats a relative comparison. Even with these enhancements, the best way to play Dota 2 will always be with a team of four friends. IGN-
game-hours: 1263.8
review: A 6 or 7 line review just won't do this game justice. Dota 2's learning curve is pretty steep but once you learn the basics, which can take 5 to 15 matches, it's rewarding experience that's all about teamwork and playing your role correctly. Dota 2's social features are cutting edge and designed for great casual, hardcore and competitive play. The controls are tight and responsive while dedicated servers on multiple locations allow for almost no noticeable latency. It's free to play but people won't use their wallets for tactical advantage because all items are purely cosmetic. Really impressive game and my personal Game of the Year 2013.
game-hours: 1475.4
review: Best game over here in steam.. cool strategy game... and the best thing its still on updating,, widh to see a lot of more cool stufs in this game.
game-hours: 1855.4
review: I recommende this game for players like me who feeds everyday and calls teamates noob for blaming me gahahahahaa...
game-hours: 964.8
review: Best game eva. Neeed more game like this from Valve XD
game-hours: 412.1
review: Nice game for gamers. Nice graphics and overall quality= GREAT
game-hours: 1137.9
review: So so GOOD!
game-hours: 1460.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 1777.4
review: best game to kill time and hav fun with friends:)
game-hours: 987.2
review: zxc
game-hours: 187.1
review: Fun game, really enjoy it and the visual upgrades over original. Have some issues with OSX performance, but no issues at all, would really recommend.
game-hours: 2156.0
review: Nice
game-hours: 4040.0
review: awesome
game-hours: 2419.0
review: 9/10 Its ok
game-hours: 4.8
review: It is an amazing game but there are two very negative points about it. One of them, and the most prominant one, is the lack of optimization for the mac version. The mac version, simply put, sucks. It does not do justice that this version is so incredibly buggy on the OSX operating system. Plus, when moving the camera on the top part of the display when in full screen on OSX, the game glitches as it is invoking the status bar.
game-hours: 1812.9
review: Its DotA 2, what youll be expierencing: NOOB  FEEDER USUCK IPRODOTA NOWARDS
game-hours: 249.3
review: It is like stepping on a nail, getting Tetanus, dying, having a robot AI berate you, respawing again and instantly getting killed becuase you didn't have the right item or hero... or intellect to prevent the death. So basically league with more mechanics.
game-hours: 2148.8
review: pai foarte frumos Dota asta
game-hours: 1847.3
review: good
game-hours: 650.4
review: excellent game
game-hours: 1103.8
review: yes
game-hours: 1670.4
review: Best
game-hours: 1850.9
review: play t u will love it
game-hours: 833.9
review: Simply Brilliant
game-hours: 827.3
review: Very interactive game.
game-hours: 544.5
review: xtahu nak cakap ape
game-hours: 1339.7
review: very cool game...
game-hours: 573.5
review: very addictive
game-hours: 976.7
review: Awesomeeeee , wohooo. Though there is still non offline thing to play LAN
game-hours: 1072.2
review: Ruined my social life. Best free game available.
game-hours: 760.3
review: Its Amazing you should AT LEAST try it i garenty youll love it
game-hours: 48.7
review: Good game
game-hours: 3003.5
review: DOTAAAAA
game-hours: 2989.2
review: ~
game-hours: 1842.6
review: dota is awesome
game-hours: 726.9
review: Its Good Game. A good game with a great graphics. And is free to play
game-hours: 4016.5
review: Awesome game!!!!
game-hours: 1742.8
review: nice game .................................................................................................. .................................................................................... good game >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
game-hours: 2020.8
review: deiaummmmm
game-hours: 603.9
review: BEST GAMEEE EVER INDICTING =))
game-hours: 1283.2
review: Outstanding game ever.. :D
game-hours: 1449.9
review: nc game :))
game-hours: 670.9
review: dota is awesome
game-hours: 1363.0
review: dsa
game-hours: 0.5
review: It is . RIP in peace tf2. I love you forever TF2 dont play because tf2 is better
game-hours: 2786.2
review: ddddd
game-hours: 1405.0
review: the best game of steam that i ever played
game-hours: 474.0
review: rtttrtrtrt
game-hours: 896.4
review: dota 2... well this is a brilliant game and mmp with low needs fors  computers. its hard to fully understand the game and figure iout key tricks to dota 2 characters but if you hate stategy this game is not for you and it takes a while to be a good dota player as you can see from my playing time im quite good and still finding new characters
game-hours: 1481.1
review: Really good, fast paced game.
game-hours: 1486.8
review: Dota !!!!!
game-hours: 550.1
review: Dota 2 can be a fun experience with an easy to follow tutorial you can be playing with the pro's quite soon just make sure to grab some buddies as cultral and language distances can sometimes fualt teamwork but that is expected of any online team game with a huge veriaty of characters dota 2 has a play style for anyone form as simple as being a melee hero to a ranged hero to being the one who starts the fight or the one who runs away everyone is caterd for. but as any game it has issues some characters are ruined by others and sometimes not intentionaly antimage was made of getting rid of mana characters but some characters uttrely destroy others due to how unfiar they are forcing people to play something that they don't want to play in order to try and balance the game out this can make characters pointless despite you playing to the best of your ability some how riki will stab you in the corner before you have even realised what game you are playing so in short we NEED CHARACTER BALENCING and NERFING in order to be able to play this game on equal footing with everyone else so we all have a fighting chance and arent trying to sometimes compiete wit our own team for farm or kills but if you can look past this the game is enjoyable and is great with friends i strongly recommed captins mode as it ts the highest chance of getting in a balenced game with captins from each team banning 5 heros and picking 5 heros for your team allowing new exiting stratergies to be formed without the useual broken or game ruining characters jumping on your face. i hope you found this helpful .
game-hours: 402.0
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 1078.4
review: Kinda good game but if you are not playing in the US servers then you will have mostly worse games, well... depending on your matchmaking level Some community members dont know how to select languages that they accually speak, for example: I only choose english language, then some Russian people choose Russian language+English language> accept game> start arguing with people that say: please dont matchmake in english language if you can't accually speak English. Valve should fix this by making some language quiz that you have to do before you can even start queueing Anyways, i love this game, cheers!
game-hours: 1418.1
review: Nice
game-hours: 3253.8
review: I honestly didn't think I'd like this game, but it's so good that you should at least give it a try. And even if you suck at first (and you will) keep playing cause it's so fun.
game-hours: 810.8
review: I wish I had friends.
game-hours: 1055.0
review: why purchase nvr respond when i click it?
game-hours: 596.8
review: Dota 2 is most importantly a free game, so the only thing you lose by trying it is time and some bandwidth. Dota 2 not only is a game, but is the best language learning tool. I learned fluent Russian, Portugese, and Spanish in only a few games! It's better and cheaper than Rosetta Stone, and uses fun games to teach! I reccomend this to everyone. Edit: It's dangerous to go alone, take this.
game-hours: 1569.9
review: nice
game-hours: 2299.2
review: OK
game-hours: 46.5
review: I don't really like these kind of games mostly because I suck at them. I think if I were better at it I might like it. I've been told it's alot like League of Legends so if you like that you'll probably like this. Rating: 4/10
game-hours: 1446.3
review: Prostate Cancer/10
game-hours: 1984.7
review: Avoid this game at all costs holy  it's the biggest timesink in the world you will lose your life to it; and not even in a good way, in a WoW way, like that episode of South Park where they all get fat and sit in their basement playing WoW. Except with Dota. The game plays you man, the game plays you.
game-hours: 1155.8
review: this is a good game ^.^
game-hours: 4536.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 2706.3
review: c
game-hours: 683.7
review: great
game-hours: 1458.9
review: very nice mmo rpg game
game-hours: 1817.1
review: naice game
game-hours: 2340.6
review: Decorative Ornaments To Accessorize
game-hours: 3191.7
review: ;)
game-hours: 620.8
review: best game ever!
game-hours: 5570.7
review: Complicated and very nice game. Teamwork + skill
game-hours: 2680.3
review: what a game !!! thanks valve
game-hours: 37.9
review: I think it's Ok
game-hours: 18.0
review: This Was Awsome :3
game-hours: 3424.9
review: love dota2 !!
game-hours: 2381.9
review: not worth of playing JUST KIDDING!
game-hours: 552.1
review: a nice a very interesting game. Hope that there are more new updates in this game. Like it a lot.
game-hours: 1446.9
review: HELP ME!!! I was playing but then suddenly it Froze then it shuts down when i try to sign in to steam again all my game files are gone and it say's i need to install it again pls help me.
game-hours: 50.5
review: Best
game-hours: 0.3
review: This game is  , I willl squat on this game and
game-hours: 1690.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 3012.6
review: The best MOBA of all time. The history behind this game is, well, insane. Icefrog, the mysterious legend. League of Legends sprouting basically from the first version. The teams in the eSports scene. Dota 2 Lounge, for commited betters of eSports Dota 2 teams. Trading cards. Enjoying the hours upon hours spent with friends met just dominating every match that you can. The thrill of playing new heroes and somehow feeling as if the same map is always filled with new challenges. This is a game that you just can't debate about. This is probably the best game I have played besides Counter Strike. Another winner for Valve.
game-hours: 284.8
review: Hello there GUys I"m A Good Player
game-hours: 1379.3
review: Nice Game Ever :D
game-hours: 104.1
review: very fun
game-hours: 527.5
review: i really like playing dota 2 because of meeting nice players but sometimes have harsh players/trashtalkers
game-hours: 1451.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 1243.6
review: NICE. i wud give 4.9/5 to this game. really really awesome if you compare it to DOTA / Warcraft III :D
game-hours: 318.5
review: Very Nice. Great Success
game-hours: 2395.6
review: -   :3
game-hours: 2963.2
review: nice games
game-hours: 1716.6
review: love it!!
game-hours: 235.3
review: Dota2
game-hours: 515.9
review: excellent
game-hours: 361.9
review: :D
game-hours: 515.6
review: As i played this game its nice and wonderfull :D
game-hours: 1018.3
review: yeah!
game-hours: 2450.9
review: i DO i hav been playing since from 5 years :D
game-hours: 292.9
review: Awsome game :)
game-hours: 6122.8
review: Best MOBA out. A steep learning curve, and a tough community. But no other game I'd rather spend my time on.
game-hours: 817.3
review: Nice
game-hours: 336.4
review: Don't EVER play this game. Quit DOTA, ya' nub skrub!
game-hours: 1412.0
review: Addictable! Hard to play but interesting !
game-hours: 392.2
review: just play..
game-hours: 377.5
review: this is the best game ever
game-hours: 1686.5
review: +1 !!!!!
game-hours: 99.8
review: Best game
game-hours: 2663.4
review: If sex was a game.... you would have dota.
game-hours: 354.5
review: dota 2 is great. except for the russians
game-hours: 1223.2
review: Dota 2 is a place where I feel home.
game-hours: 1361.9
review: for fun
game-hours: 0.8
review: Kinda reminds me of League of legends. It is different from League of legends though. For example, there are many more classes / heroes to pick in this game and less waiting time too (or am I just lucky?)
game-hours: 44.7
review: GGWP
game-hours: 271.3
review: like it
game-hours: 679.8
review: Brings back times from the good ol days of DOTA 1
game-hours: 1326.4
review: Amazing game ever..long lasting and always be fun..
game-hours: 1992.8
review: Good game
game-hours: 1385.1
review: Dota 2 is cool, A game with a strategic mode it helps you to be strategized and think more about the game. A game that is always logic there no is no bad in this game this is game is more cooler because it is not just popular but this is the game which you can understand all the strategic and logical works of your life.
game-hours: 1119.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 786.9
review: Best strategy game ever
game-hours: 1453.3
review: This game is great.
game-hours: 1.5
review: Fun
game-hours: 1471.1
review: this is the best game ever :))
game-hours: 280.5
review: Nice
game-hours: 123.1
review: dota 2 is a very good game. dota 2 is the best of all games i ever played.
game-hours: 1232.7
review: Well Played!
game-hours: 824.7
review: good
game-hours: 577.6
review: :)
game-hours: 1988.0
review: always nice to plays with friends
game-hours: 3.1
review: Is dota what more do you need
game-hours: 476.5
review: This Following or Reviewing is nice for dota 2
game-hours: 752.6
review: Amazing
game-hours: 629.2
review: A Co-operative strategic game.
game-hours: 1349.9
review: Great Game One of the best game ever Thumbs-up and adddictive
game-hours: 1028.3
review: very nice adaptation of DotA from Warcraft, more heroes to be added soon please :)
game-hours: 3024.1
review: Dota 2 was the only legit Dota ever created.
game-hours: 1301.6
review: Beware of russians. Don't underestimate the power of Ancient Apparition. If you see 5 people approaching with Chilling Touch, RUN.
game-hours: 741.6
review: yeah
game-hours: 113.1
review: Bettter than Hon IT a greatest Moba game ever
game-hours: 2008.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 1507.3
review: Simply the first and the best Moba
game-hours: 6572.6
review: to bliyat or not to bliyat
game-hours: 1142.7
review: owesome game!
game-hours: 0.7
review: League of legend is Better
game-hours: 32.2
review: great
game-hours: 787.8
review: my favourite game
game-hours: 1483.0
review: DK vs LGD
game-hours: 1252.8
review: Mnogo gadna igra!
game-hours: 883.3
review: MOST EPIC GAME EVER
game-hours: 188.4
review: Keren
game-hours: 876.6
review: i love this game
game-hours: 14.5
review: I've spent over 9000 hours on the original DotA, and even though DotA 2 is very similar and extremely fun to play, the lack of heros is a turn off for me. Not only that, but the game is HIGHLY ADDICTIVE and can pretty much ruin your life if you can't controll your will to play this 24x7x365.
game-hours: 697.8
review: This game is not just a game, this game can be the way of life
game-hours: 34.2
review: so CooL!
game-hours: 67.2
review: good graphic and sound.
game-hours: 2143.0
review: nice
game-hours: 1174.2
review: A very Interesting and a strategyic game
game-hours: 58.8
review: Best MOBA game IMO
game-hours: 1551.0
review: nice game i love dota
game-hours: 2243.2
review: Its simple a great game, once you learn to play you will not stop ;D
game-hours: 405.0
review: Played the original Dota for WC3 and then got into Dota 2 since the beta, wicked game and endless paths of exploration into the many different heroes and item builds.
game-hours: 1456.5
review: Is good!     DIRETIDE GIVEN
game-hours: 2767.5
review: dota 2 is cool thanks for steam.. :)
game-hours: 1086.0
review: A dynamic system to entertain the mind, train your brain/memory, enjoy great pvp and develop leadership, teamwork, foresight, calculation and prediction skills. A varied cast of characters each with their own skill set and a wide range of items to help with customization of the way you want to play. An interesting community ranging from great, co-operative players and impressive enemies, to the lowest gamer quality which require you to develop patience and restraint. If you consider picking this game up, remember, there is a high learning curve, therefore you must be prepared to fall and rise again in the never-ending battle between the Dire and the Radiant. Good Luck, Have Fun
game-hours: 2171.5
review: couln't done it better
game-hours: 2198.6
review: Simply irresistible and addictive as hell.
game-hours: 1019.5
review: good game
game-hours: 152.4
review: If you like the MOBA genre, you'll love this game. Just remember kids, play with friends, or else it sucks.
game-hours: 428.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 1704.2
review: Really the best Moba all over the world
game-hours: 2187.7
review: Dota 2
game-hours: 46.8
review: almost perfect until they've launched all of the heroes 9/10 graphics 9/10 audio 9/10 gameplay 10/10 sheeps, frogs, flying chickens 11/10  and a hundred percent chance of ruining your life, and abs :V
game-hours: 9.3
review: Started getting into MOBA's and its a very fun game to check out
game-hours: 1606.6
review: I never liked games like league of legends or smite, but Dota 2 is a whole new story. It is absolutely a great and addictive game to play. The character selection is massive compare to LOL. It is more complicated than League of Legends, so it will take more time learning the game. Some differences between the two games are: 1) couriers that bring you items instead of walking to base to get it 2) you have to buy Town scrolls to teleport back to base. 3) you can "deny" creeps. ( killing your own creeps so your opponent gets less gold and exp) 4) if you die, you lose gold and is harder to comeback from 5) in game voice chat 6) "pause" key to halt the game if you need something. ( anybody can unpause regardless of who paused it) Based off my experience in this game, i haven't encounter much "ragers". I get the occasional one here and there, but not as often as League of legends. Update: Ever since i started doing ranked matches, there have been more "ragers" and non-english speakers. It was frustrating at times, but I got over it. If you don't like the bad side of this game's community, i suggest getting friends to queue up with you. Don't have friends that play dota? Make new friends during your games. You'd be surprise at how nice some people are in games. Don't worry too much about the Haters. Let them hate, while you enjoy a good time playing dota. Online games will always have some haters, especially games that involves a lot of teamwork. Based off my experience in this game, i haven't encounter much "ragers". I get the occasional one here and there, but not as often as League of legends.
game-hours: 105.0
review: Fun
game-hours: 283.4
review: Nice game, but the matchmaking is pretty bad like most games of this type. Still I enjoy playing it.
game-hours: 2611.1
review: The Best Game Ever After GTA5!!!!!!
game-hours: 545.5
review: I started to play DOTA 2 few months back. I couldn't play any other games! Its so addictive!
game-hours: 1957.4
review: ^^ cool game
game-hours: 104.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 991.8
review: gg dota
game-hours: 2048.6
review: Awesome !!
game-hours: 3960.7
review: GgWp
game-hours: 987.3
review: BEST ING GAME EVER!
game-hours: 2509.4
review: Addictive game that can be play with groups of friends.
game-hours: 1634.4
review: Good looking game
game-hours: 340.2
review: Good Game
game-hours: 206.2
review: I have played the first Dota for WC3 back in the day and love the way it has grown. The visual upgrades to the small changes in enviroment and the consistant rate at which the game is updated and talked about really makes me feel great, loving the game myself and wanting nothing more than this upward growth.
game-hours: 1034.5
review: Lots of fun.
game-hours: 1587.5
review: Love it
game-hours: 1661.6
review: Really Really Great game, But PLEASE PLEASE dont even bother to come if u dont have time & effort to put on thsi game. think about this game like a school class. u need to learn every aspect of it and it WILL take time to learn only the BASICS so please be aware of that. There will be rage moments now and there, because u will usually get matched with people under ur skil level, fortunatly, thats the only downside this game has.
game-hours: 384.8
review: good
game-hours: 3765.9
review: ss
game-hours: 136.9
review: If you like WC3 Dota you would like this too. It's a bit different but you'll learn it fast. :)
game-hours: 1896.8
review: hi hi
game-hours: 250.9
review: good game
game-hours: 330.7
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 839.0
review: dota2
game-hours: 429.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 2624.6
review: i like this game so much
game-hours: 2190.2
review: Best game 4ever <3<3<3
game-hours: 110.9
review: Good Game
game-hours: 2123.3
review: game do not play
game-hours: 509.3
review: i like this game
game-hours: 943.2
review: THIS GAME IS A MUST!
game-hours: 1770.5
review: Honestly there is a massive learning curve for the new players, but Valve is constantly adding features to make the game and its concepts as accessible to the public as possible. The fact that it is free leaves it all up to the player to decide whether the game is for them; nothing is stopping you from trying it out. But for those who are already into this genre of gaming, I'm not going to sugarcoat our community, there are positives and negatives to every aspect of social interaction in this game. You prefer what you prefer, but the game is stellar for me.
game-hours: 1919.1
review: BEST MOBA EVER!
game-hours: 1860.1
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 1283.8
review: The best game ever from the games i played
game-hours: 1984.6
review: like it.
game-hours: 1461.3
review: great game
game-hours: 1724.9
review: nice MOBA game you have to put alot of thoughts to it and the most important is your team you will also be building up your skills to teamwork i really reccomend this game if you want to play start playing with bots or get some help from someone who is playing it, else you can be called noob and all sorts of bad stuff just cause you are new and someone might also say "go delete dota", don't do that, just play with some friends and have a good time playing it :D good luck see you in the DotA 2 community
game-hours: 1456.7
review: Before March I didn't know much about Dota 2, I heard about it and that was all. And then that day came when in March I launched Dota 2 for the very first time. I was excited, didn't know much what to expect and was kinda looking forward to finally play it. Now at this point I must also say that a had a friend who usually plays MOBA and RPG games and was trying to persuade me to start playing Dota 2 with him and was always saying him maybe next time. Well fast forward 2-3 months I got an Invite to Dota 2 Beta. I said lets at least try it and we will see. Together with me was that friend( on skype) and then I accepted my first match. I was hyped, the screen showed simple but kinda cool logo of Dota2 and then the hero screen came, I didn't know much and hero list was big so I clicked on Random hero and I got Timber. Even though I had my friend with me I sucked bad... hehe I sucked really bad and feed for like 7 games straight. My friend who was my coach those first games really helped me and with the help of him and tutorial videos on youtube I started to familiarize myself to Dota and for those first games even though I was really bad I was starting to get to know the basics of the game. And yea even though I sucked those first game I was enjoying myself :D It didn't bother me if someone called me a noob as long I was enjoying myself. Games went I was starting to play more like the game wanted me. I played a lot of game since then and i'm still enjoying myself when I have with me people who actually knows we need a support and we can't always have 4 carries :D It's true game is a little bit hard and you need to have someone with you who knows dota or you need to at least watch those tutorials on youtube. but when you learn this things game really opens up and you're set to play :D I also really like cosmetic items and the way the dota allows people to create some great looking items and hopefully put them into the game. Pro scene is also great, I watched TI 2013 and I saw my favorite team win :D Games sometimes turn really crazy and that's the charm of dota. This game is really great when you get to know things. So new players don't lose hope, watch some tutorials, play safe and you should be set. I rate this game 9/10.
game-hours: 27.9
review: awesome
game-hours: 530.9
review: Best MOBA out there..
game-hours: 962.0
review: very nice
game-hours: 9.8
review: I was voted most valuable player in matchmaking by a european who left the game 10 minutes in with no punishment. Feed, trash talk your teammates while alive, dying, dead, and respawning. Be a bigger gangster than Pretty Boy Floyd with zero consequences! 10/10
game-hours: 1173.0
review: s
game-hours: 816.1
review: so much fun to play this game :)
game-hours: 888.4
review: Veri stronk game
game-hours: 1359.5
review: Yes
game-hours: 480.7
review: test
game-hours: 2743.8
review: this game
game-hours: 1015.6
review: best game ever !
game-hours: 427.8
review: Omg such a pay to win
game-hours: 2841.6
review: nice game :)
game-hours: 1056.0
review: SPOILER ALERT!!! ADDICTIVE GAME THAT WILL STEAL YOUR SOUL!!! PROCEED WITH CAUTION!!!
game-hours: 513.1
review: Better than LoL-- LoL is just like the worst. There is no kawaii desu~~in LoL. Just . Tons of . Large and bouncy, in every woman. And in every picture. Boobs. I mean,  are alright, but the gameplay is  as hell. But there are . Just sayin'...
game-hours: 730.6
review: So. Many. Heroes.... But the tutorial helps. Suggest you take Dragon Knight, Skeleton King or Drow Ranger and play vs bots a few times. Learn what items to buy. Learn to run away constantly. You should never die! You should rarely even get hit by the creeps (the army of monsters that endlessly comes out of the enemy base). Your job is to level up quickly and efficiently so you're ready to face the enemy heroes when they hit 6th or so and come to murder you. When you graduate to real players, everything you've learned about enemy hero behavior from the bots goes out the window but hopefully you've learned to play your heroes pretty well by now. This game is a blast with friends vs bots or real people if you and your friends are accomplished. The community used to be pretty nasty/unforgiving but they have improved and the developers have made such a beautiful interface/tutorial system it's very inviting now. Highly recommend for anyone.
game-hours: 1046.7
review: review
game-hours: 1521.5
review: good
game-hours: 1532.6
review: good
game-hours: 2096.9
review: i love dota 2
game-hours: 1710.1
review: love dota2
game-hours: 2160.7
review: dota me life
game-hours: 813.2
review: best game so far.
game-hours: 7.4
review: this game ing sucks moose
game-hours: 18.0
review: i playing some games
game-hours: 396.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 646.8
review: good
game-hours: 657.6
review: yea...
game-hours: 103.8
review: nanlmaz
game-hours: 716.6
review: cool game !!!!!!!!!!1111
game-hours: 302.5
review: great game ever
game-hours: 1822.4
review: GGWP
game-hours: 1055.9
review: It is pretty good, I guess.
game-hours: 2033.8
review: Good Game (GG)
game-hours: 2006.1
review: DOTA 2 The best game in the world!
game-hours: 252.2
review: Dota 2 Is Very Fun and Free, I Give You The Positive & Negative POSITIVE - Its Very Fun, You Have a Wide Selection of Characters, Tons of Items & Weapons, The Combinations to Create a Weapon or Item Is Outstanding, It Has Pratice Matches, You Also Gain Battle Points After You Win, It Makes You Think and Addicting.... NEGATIVE - There Is Only 1 Stage You Can Play, You Are Forced to Play Online With Ungrateful People, and You Have to Pay for Items & Weapons With Your Real Money When You Are at the Menu Screen...... Would I Recommend This Game, YES
game-hours: 1706.7
review: Great
game-hours: 1603.2
review: good
game-hours: 2060.3
review: Best MOBA game ever~ Dont play LoL, it sucks!!!
game-hours: 1476.7
review: KECE KAWAN . !!!
game-hours: 3321.0
review: It's very simple you see. You download this game immediately, and try it out! It has endless hours of enjoyment and even holds many intriguing elements ranging from inner techniques, diologue and even a very wide range of heroes that will almost gurantee a proper fit for each player that dwells in this amazing experience. It's very unique and very competitive, making the skill cap and challenge of the game endless. Download immediately.
game-hours: 888.2
review: So epic!
game-hours: 1163.6
review: AWESOOOME
game-hours: 2768.1
review: great game
game-hours: 3510.9
review: Only play this with 4 other competent friends
game-hours: 1935.1
review: Incredible and dinamic game, best of the world
game-hours: 653.3
review: ccccoooollll cool good game
game-hours: 1.1
review: really good game, i could never get into it but i can see the apeal and the updates are amazing, a well looked after game !
game-hours: 986.1
review: yeahhh
game-hours: 519.2
review: DotA is the game of the GODS!!!
game-hours: 828.0
review: MOBA can't get any better than this! Play it, you're missing on life's greatest moments if you don't XD
game-hours: 494.2
review: If your blood seeks wars, history, heroes and sacrifice, this is the game for you.
game-hours: 3292.3
review: raray
game-hours: 615.5
review: Love it somuchh..!!!
game-hours: 1475.9
review: :)
game-hours: 409.5
review: It's rally cool game :)
game-hours: 2009.8
review: love it
game-hours: 801.1
review: that was a great play!
game-hours: 1703.0
review: Get it... You might learn some russian while playing :)
game-hours: 217.7
review: good
game-hours: 5110.3
review: GG!
game-hours: 579.3
review: Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreaaat
game-hours: 280.3
review: i love this game..it free and can play with other people..
game-hours: 756.4
review: Nice game. I love the graphics, sistem. It have big diffrent from dota
game-hours: 1011.6
review: I love this game. But please fix the rank match making. A lot of noobies though.
game-hours: 4285.2
review: DOTA SAVE mY LIFE :D
game-hours: 15.2
review: Good game)
game-hours: 3887.5
review: One map, same heroes but the play.... is always different, always exciting. Good Game. Wish Valve could add the "Fitting Room".
game-hours: 315.1
review: Dota 2 is brought to us at a time when the dominating MOBA (League of Legends) thrives and beats it in numbers of users etc. But Dota 2 brings variety to the table as it is a very pretty game with different mechanics and gameplay, if you do play League of Legends this is probably the next best thing and shouldn't be left in the shadow, when released the game will be played maybe not as much a League of Legends but there is definatley a strong community which willl show on release. I am happy to be part of the beta as it refreshing to play but a can be hard to master!
game-hours: 1510.4
review: One of the best game I've ever played... U'll never get bored of playing even though it's the same map every time, u'll get different taste in every single match~
game-hours: 909.8
review: dota....
game-hours: 1556.9
review: Best game on steam!
game-hours: 3155.0
review: No matter how many times I quit this game, I always come back. Playing since DotA 1. Almost 8 years. Hard to learn, but still the best game ever.
game-hours: 944.8
review: the best game ever
game-hours: 3305.2
review: very awesome game. addicting and you can't get enough.
game-hours: 579.7
review: Good Game :D
game-hours: 2187.7
review: Love it
game-hours: 1549.2
review: recommended
game-hours: 492.6
review: addicted
game-hours: 2009.3
review: I like this game <3
game-hours: 239.5
review: Dota 2 is difficult at most but it is also a fun filled action. Totally recommended! :)
game-hours: 500.0
review: so nice gameing
game-hours: 273.2
review: yes
game-hours: 0.1
review: for gai koreans and filthy chinamen
game-hours: 3436.5
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 74.7
review: oh my god guys . best game ever . better play this  :))))
game-hours: 1560.3
review: ....
game-hours: 2417.1
review: i love this game!
game-hours: 975.5
review: I recommend this game 100%. The best of all steam.
game-hours: 3.5
review: nice very nice
game-hours: 140.7
review: Nice game ever
game-hours: 1041.8
review: Nice game
game-hours: 2137.1
review: <3
game-hours: 2594.3
review: play this game
game-hours: 2639.4
review: Best game ive ever played, you get hooked and dont want to quit, a bit of advise dont give up even if you lose the game, it only gets better. as you can see hours of gameplay and still going strong :D just dont feel intimadated by others yes the first few games you might lose and think to yourself why am i playing when i always lose. but the table will turn and when you start winning or have epic battles and your heart is pounding wether you are gunna win or not, thats when you realise that you love his game, truely awesome game. warning!!! highly addictive. have food and drink to hand and make sure you dont forget about people around you ( which you probably will ) :D
game-hours: 854.9
review: doto r good
game-hours: 116.5
review: mid or feed
game-hours: 1409.9
review: Such a good modified game from a an ancient one
game-hours: 27.5
review: very good :D
game-hours: 30.1
review: !
game-hours: 5.7
review: feed
game-hours: 1450.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 2712.6
review: i strongly recommend this game. Its freaking awesome. and ofcourse its FREE. you will not regret by playing this game.
game-hours: 727.7
review: best game what i ever seen
game-hours: 256.3
review: This is what howard calls a good game.
game-hours: 259.0
review: Great game!
game-hours: 91.9
review: Really fun game with really good replay value!
game-hours: 356.0
review: good
game-hours: 324.1
review: good enough :)
game-hours: 3205.2
review: Hard to Learn, but worth every second you're playing it. Free 2 Play has never catched you for such a long time.
game-hours: 718.4
review: Awesome
game-hours: 1913.1
review: Addictive.
game-hours: 5.0
review: This game is the greatest thing since sliced bread!
game-hours: 3200.3
review: ez game
game-hours: 91.4
review: Kik !
game-hours: 2374.4
review: What is Dota 2? Well, I've gone at length describing the title before, but I felt like doing something different this time considering the reviews are actually going public. Dota 2 is the ultimate soul of the AoS genre mixed with good old trial and error, along with down right sadistic requirements. DotA is by far and large the game I've spent the most time playing, clocking in thousands of hours over the years. Dota 2, while receiving less of my time, is also in the same boat, as it's basically the same game with an identity crisis, having problems deciding whether it wants to be a carbon port of the original or put into a septic tank and mixed with Barbie dress up mechanics. What is Dota 2? Well, it is a game of you and 9 (+) other poor sods being put into a world of relentless battles in order to defend that giant structure in your base like that's supposed to make sense. The game is entirely multiplayer driven, and there're those 4 other players on your team that you have to deal with on the regular basis, whose vocabulary consist mostly of "", "hue" and "sodding Russians". Team work, knowledge and strong mechanics are what you need to be successful at this game, and the game gives you bugger all but (in)expensive pixel hats as consolations prize for wasting the majority of your teenage years controlling video game characters. I don't mention any names because the game has sod all story and the lore is compiled of a twelve year old boy's power fantasy who has been reading too much of Lovecraft to mess the lore up but not enough to tie it all together. That said, the game is certainly worth your time, god forbid it being actually productive. Its very core concept builds up the true vision of the original: a straight forward walk towards frustration, filled with toxicity, lack of a sense of progression and any rewarding experiences except for playing the game itself. It is an absorbing, glorious and tight game tied into strategy and clutch decision makings, the qualities seriously lacking from the modern gaming industry. Furthermore, the game is completely free to play, and while its developer's release line ups resemble that of a clothing store, these frisks in no way interrupt the core game experiences nor do they hamper the fairness of the game in any way. The philosophy is clear and it is great: you come in the game the same as everyone else, the only winning point is your team's collective effort. Outside of the gameplay itself, the spectator and competitive aspects are built in and are great. I would even go as far as calling it the best in the business right now. Of course, as someone who cannot take a look at the 'professional' farce as anything but a cheap laugh on a cold winter night when I'm at home staring at my monitor screen hoping to stop procrastinating, it doesn't affect me a whole lot. Do not get me wrong, there are plenty of people in the scene that I like and respect, but the whole notion never seemed particularly interesting to me, especially for a game like this. Outside of this and the aforementioned clothing line, there's the giant learning curve that hits in the face of every player picking up this title for a quick bite. It is unforgiving in the sense of feeling like having a drill shoved down your throat while trying to juggle a pair of knives and a baseball bat. Have fun.
game-hours: 1922.9
review: Fact: Dota 2 ruins lives. I'm writing this in the hope that others can learn from my mistakes. I used to be a respectable human being like yourself, until I started on Dota. Now I play 4 hours+ a night and spend most of my income on capes for a night elf archer. It all started one afternoon when I was happily playing Skyrim. I was sent a message and an invite to the beta of Dota, or 'Defense of the Ancients (see? I don't even know where Sweeden is on the map yet I know what that stands for!) For anonymitys sake let's call this person 'Mark.' Now Mark seemed like the decent sort, well dressed and spoken with a healthy spring in his step, not the kind you would expect to pray on the weak. He told me that him and a group of others were gonna try it and that it was all perfectly safe. The first time seemed fun and before long I was playing every night. Now some people had warned me about the dangers of becoming addicted but well, you never really think it will happen to you do you? But it creeps up on you, slowly at first, maybe one HUD skin here, a courier there but it doesn't stop at that. Soon you need a full set to get the same thrill that a random drop would have previously given you. You start hanging around the dis-reputable parts of the internet trading in seedy back ally's with Russians just to complete the clothing set of a character you don't even play as. It's no way to live... Unfortunatly it's too late for me. But please, who ever you might be, Stay. Away. From. Dota! --- Above was a message from 'James' a recovering dota addict who works with young people to help them with their addiction. If you have been affected by Dota, feel free to call the anonymous MOBA addicts helpline: 0800 11 22 33.
game-hours: 2632.5
review: this game is the GAME of my life. This game is the best of the best.
game-hours: 683.2
review: Dota 2 is the best online game i have ever played. i will recommand it to my friends.
game-hours: 1618.1
review: Dota 2 is like no other game.
game-hours: 369.8
review: Play it and have fun :D
game-hours: 68.5
review: sweet
game-hours: 1039.3
review: Endless hours of fun with quite a learning curve in the beginning, luckily bots are available for new players
game-hours: 1124.4
review: F*cking Beautiful
game-hours: 239.7
review: best game ever.
game-hours: 1.1
review: Best ARTS ever!
game-hours: 2556.3
review: Imba game
game-hours: 790.1
review: Review'd for the badge. GGWP
game-hours: 1590.8
review: Pinnacle of MOBA masterpiece. The king of all MOBA's
game-hours: 649.1
review: Good Game to spend your free time ! :D
game-hours: 136.4
review: Good!
game-hours: 33.3
review: The Dota game is the best game.
game-hours: 435.2
review: is rly good
game-hours: 1271.8
review: You shoul try this GAME Guys!!
game-hours: 213.5
review: really fun u should get it so we can play together!!
game-hours: 1612.7
review: if you got the skillz, you can pay the billz
game-hours: 1370.0
review: hahahahahahaahahha .. this is fun hahahahahahahahaha ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok o ko ok ok ok ko
game-hours: 1092.9
review: OKOKOKOKOKOKOKOKOK
game-hours: 694.0
review: Beautyful game
game-hours: 3779.7
review: GG
game-hours: 1041.3
review: It's poop
game-hours: 3354.3
review: N1
game-hours: 240.6
review: awesome game definitely try it
game-hours: 65.0
review: It's fantastico!
game-hours: 3.2
review: cool
game-hours: 1828.3
review: reallllly good
game-hours: 14.1
review: i love it
game-hours: 2753.2
review: very good game. Enjoy with me guys
game-hours: 1194.1
review: The Best !
game-hours: 2768.6
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 271.9
review: Muito bom!
game-hours: 2602.1
review: dont buy this game, go play league of legends
game-hours: 1821.3
review: Dota 2 best game. Wretched Hag 2 stronk.
game-hours: 345.8
review: Dota 2 has awesome graphics and the gameplay is amazing. Highly recommended this game. Great job Valve.
game-hours: 210.4
review: #swag
game-hours: 1313.4
review: Well its a good MMORPG game. Best thing is heroes dont get nerf every now and then. Nice graphics and inventory items. Ty Blizzard for making this game.
game-hours: 2026.0
review: dope
game-hours: 1034.3
review: Best game for non-casuals. Deep gameplay. Good graphics. 10/10 best solo player game.
game-hours: 3740.8
review: utter
game-hours: 1056.4
review: Very polished game, good job valve
game-hours: 5758.5
review: I like it
game-hours: 7.3
review: badass
game-hours: 1257.6
review: This game is very time consuming but worth the time in every way. A great moba game for moba lovers.
game-hours: 3004.4
review: Nice community with gamer XD Super epic
game-hours: 1653.2
review: great game!!
game-hours: 918.5
review: surrender your soul
game-hours: 189.8
review: recommended game, already played since TI1 till now
game-hours: 507.5
review: Like This
game-hours: 955.0
review: wow. Such fun
game-hours: 693.9
review: godlike game
game-hours: 1020.4
review: it is good
game-hours: 3422.3
review: good
game-hours: 39.7
review: The Mother of MOBA's...
game-hours: 1444.5
review: ...
game-hours: 1453.9
review: it is awesome
game-hours: 2241.6
review: Great
game-hours: 714.0
review: gg
game-hours: 1817.4
review: come and join with me into dota 2 :)
game-hours: 308.2
review: Pros: Awesome game. You never get bored of it. Cons: It takes time to learn.
game-hours: 2321.3
review: (Y) Game
game-hours: 5793.9
review: Dota 2 allows for both virtuoso creativity and epic metagame strategy. It is both mechanically and psychologically complex in a way that brings personality to the fore, but it doesn't just create rockstars: it creates leaders, strategists, rivals and friends.
game-hours: 2178.9
review: nice 1
game-hours: 611.7
review: ....
game-hours: 999.3
review: Best gane
game-hours: 1181.2
review: everyone likes this game
game-hours: 863.5
review: .
game-hours: 943.3
review: 700+ hours logged. Game is really hard, some pople are jerks, etc but the game is so rewarding.
game-hours: 986.7
review: This game is awesome. Much heros. So rage...
game-hours: 1549.9
review: this gameis very awesome.. you can make money from this game by selling ur inventory items and trading
game-hours: 3742.8
review: best game ever :D
game-hours: 1411.4
review: All you can say about Dota is that it's genius game. It was, it is and it will always be the most balanced and interesting game in the world. It has all things that DotA Allstars lacked. No need to say more, just try it. And the core of your life gonna be put there.
game-hours: 2032.8
review: Highly addictive MOBA based off Warcraft 3 and massively updated by Valve. The game play is very well tuned with balance updates pretty regularly. The patches are worth looking forward and the free-to-play model is brilliant. That said, this game has one of the worst gaming communities I have ever been a part of. Utterly shocking behaviour almost every game by at least one player. This game painfully needs a ban list to avoid being with these people more than once. Bring friends for the best experience.
game-hours: 1851.3
review: exceptional game
game-hours: 1135.8
review: its good
game-hours: 2043.9
review: So far best MOBA game ive played, hardcore and not very newbie friendly
game-hours: 1271.1
review: Zaraza. :D
game-hours: 1257.6
review: Enjoy!
game-hours: 4323.0
review: its a good game
game-hours: 3186.9
review: for me it is like a daily routine to play and compete against players across the world. not just we share our views but also our intellects collide on the same battlefield to determine the wave of glory for teams playing each round. sometimes we win but we loose which really makes to see deep in our hearts where we need the fear to be controlled and our reflexes on time through the game any time any place. at last it made us a way better than we happen to be in our previous game. understanding and reasoning the events of game is the most key factor if u really need to make best out of your effort. this game really changed us more than just one way.
game-hours: 2114.3
review: good game
game-hours: 9073.0
review: 11/10
game-hours: 3068.3
review: im superman
game-hours: 803.1
review: my best time pass..
game-hours: 2412.4
review: not just a game for fun. but this game need teamwork, inovation, great instict and creativity
game-hours: 2950.3
review: Wow Dota 2
game-hours: 679.9
review: Best MOBA out there.
game-hours: 941.4
review: seaching for dota 2 network
game-hours: 225.8
review: gud geam
game-hours: 1422.1
review: Cool :)
game-hours: 103.6
review: Best game
game-hours: 2744.3
review: Such game, so amaze wow, much play.
game-hours: 301.8
review: World of noobs!
game-hours: 19.8
review: highly recommend
game-hours: 0.6
review: neat
game-hours: 1656.9
review: Worlds Best Game Ever :* :* my fav game dota2 :) i recommend my friends to play dota2 leave all other games this game never ever make you bor
game-hours: 775.0
review: simply perfect!!!
game-hours: 3172.3
review: Fckn awesome!
game-hours: 1983.3
review: <3
game-hours: 2370.3
review: Great game. Beware of your lives!
game-hours: 394.5
review: GoodGame
game-hours: 1295.2
review: :)
game-hours: 2559.5
review: Well Played! Well Played! Well Played! Well Played! Well Played! Well Played! Well Played! Well Played! Well Played! Well Played! Well Played! Well Played! Well Played! Well Played! Well Played! Well Played! Well Played! Well Played! Well Played! Well Played! Well Played! Well Played! Well Played! Well Played! Well Played!
game-hours: 1349.4
review: Very fun Much dota Such carry WOW
game-hours: 146.3
review: Coool,addictive Game 2Play,Luv it :))
game-hours: 2149.6
review: Has a giant learning curve which can be softened by watching professional games. Very fun with friends and 100% free to play. The only downside is losing a lot of time to it
game-hours: 1032.7
review: Highly RECOMMEND!!
game-hours: 1628.9
review: best game eva~!
game-hours: 572.6
review: 10/10. Created by Gaben. Has Gandalf. Animal friendly: contains bats, dragons, horses, bears. No CO2 emission. This game has been approved by me.
game-hours: 2843.7
review: Azaming
game-hours: 430.0
review: arf
game-hours: 3381.1
review: Not bad
game-hours: 1279.1
review: Best game i played in a long time! And its for free!!
game-hours: 1487.9
review: Balance hero and the item , best moba ever !!!
game-hours: 3168.6
review: alah game bagus
game-hours: 1277.8
review: Stop reading this summary, ya fool! PLAY SOME DOTA 2 KID!
game-hours: 82.5
review: Is Good of MOBA
game-hours: 550.4
review: Good game.
game-hours: 1559.5
review: good game to play with friends
game-hours: 1403.9
review: The Legend Game
game-hours: 18.7
review: MOBA'nn atas DotA'y oynamamak olmaz :D
game-hours: 259.3
review: very nice game u must play it
game-hours: 2837.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1532.0
review: If you love your life dont try to play it!
game-hours: 1320.9
review: hard to get yous to at first but laer becomes a very funny and addicting game
game-hours: 2008.9
review: Dota 2 is a very complex game, so if you want to play it you have to invest a lot of time, but dont give up. My experice with this game is pretty long (since Warcraft 3 TFT) and i think if you want to play a game like this play Dota 2 and not LoL (little sister of Dota) or similar games. One big disadvantage of the game is that its super hard to learn how to play. But i play this game often and i like how Icefrog maked a very very good sequel what he created as a "Funmap" of Warcraft 3 So if you want a game that require skill, team play and a good overview its the best game on the market.
game-hours: 2225.5
review: rockt
game-hours: 0.3
review: Its alright
game-hours: 373.9
review: recommended
game-hours: 1303.9
review: u can't get game as best as dota 2 (Y)
game-hours: 1350.9
review: .
game-hours: 882.8
review: this game is ing awesome
game-hours: 900.3
review: this game is my girlfriend
game-hours: 341.2
review: This game destroyed my hope in humanity!!! Must play!!!
game-hours: 3557.1
review: g
game-hours: 2666.0
review: Great Game
game-hours: 37.1
review: gud game
game-hours: 3946.7
review: Nice game ever
game-hours: 502.0
review: It's pretty awesome.
game-hours: 2028.1
review: This game is totally awesome! No doubt. The only problem is because of it's too awesomeness, unexpected number of new bloods come into this games which makes the game a bit laggy occassionally, nevertheless, they can come up with a solution. Kudos volvo and your partners in making this game. Not to mention the Dota 1 in blizzard ^^.
game-hours: 1274.9
review: Dota 2 is very much better than Legend of League in many ways. It was able to host tournament, associated with Steam, friends, etc. It's just that it's an unique game or even more special. It give me more efforts to continue playing because it's too fun. Able to practice with bots for private EVEN able to invite your friends to practice with bots. Have a team to create like guild or clan. Have different rules for the game or to create game. Always meet different players with different personality that might be interesting to know what different human made of. Build teamwork, communicate, and stuff like that. Oh and it have so many characters to use and it have different items for character like skins or others. Background changes. HUD skins. Everything it have. Ever if you need something, it's always there (; PLAY DOTA 2!
game-hours: 1010.2
review: riki ss gde wardi uebak?
game-hours: 1459.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1252.9
review: fabulous
game-hours: 1378.3
review: Worth Playing
game-hours: 2211.4
review: Great game
game-hours: 231.9
review: dsg
game-hours: 1603.6
review: GOOD TO PLAY
game-hours: 462.0
review: Nice
game-hours: 16.4
review: DOTTA 2 IS THE GAME FOR YOUI IF YOU ARE ONE OF THOS EGAMER POEPLES THAT GPLAY GAMES LILKE LOEAGY LEGENDS ITS A FUKN FUN Y GAME EREALLYL AND IF YOU EV ER PLAY TE GAME SLIKE SUPER MARIO BROS AND DDID THET SUPER MARIUO BROSS JUMP THEN YOU MIGHT BE FIT FOR THSI EXRTEWME GAMEING EXPERUIENCE. MARIO BTIOHER IOUYT
game-hours: 1271.6
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 559.4
review: Nice!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 686.3
review: yeah
game-hours: 4394.7
review: GG!
game-hours: 60.9
review: 10/10 would bang again!
game-hours: 554.1
review: Got rid of my cancer. 10/10 would bang.
game-hours: 1765.8
review: Cool Game ever!
game-hours: 3950.4
review: gg
game-hours: 373.0
review: I like THE GRAPICHS I REALYY LIKE THIS GAME
game-hours: 2.6
review: Great game
game-hours: 127.8
review: Best game I have played on steam so far i highly recommend u guys try it out and see for yourself & its FTP (Free To Play :D) & I Highly Think u Should choose (Lycan) ... <3 Valve
game-hours: 320.9
review: very addictive game...
game-hours: 1517.2
review: yahoooo!
game-hours: 88.1
review: ITS LIKE DOTA BUT 2
game-hours: 2110.0
review: stupid russians
game-hours: 2168.8
review: very awesome game, try this!!
game-hours: 474.4
review: awesome but a hard community to learn from. ((((((((:
game-hours: 437.1
review: Probably one of the best skill-focused team-based games around. You've got nothing to lose besides your sanity and self-respect.
game-hours: 2183.7
review: COOL GAME
game-hours: 2613.3
review: nice
game-hours: 2706.8
review: Good game. More like best game ever.
game-hours: 483.4
review: Good game
game-hours: 2320.5
review: EPIC GAME!
game-hours: 847.2
review: Good community good fun
game-hours: 3041.0
review: What is it a hero truly needs?
game-hours: 1350.5
review: NERF ANTIMAGE PLES STUPID W JUMP
game-hours: 3347.5
review: nyc
game-hours: 1232.8
review: INSTANTLY BECOME A MULTILINGUIST--LEARN CHINESE, RUSSIAN, AND PORTUGUESE WITH THE HELP OF THIS GAME.
game-hours: 1425.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 1403.1
review: To addicting :(
game-hours: 1924.0
review: One of the few games you can simultaneously love and hate. Probably one of the most satisfying and infuriating games of all time
game-hours: 1694.7
review: Dota 2 is a competitive fun moba that has a steep learning curve but rewards the player for getting better. I highly reconmend it.
game-hours: 5.1
review: awesome!
game-hours: 29.5
review: Dota 2 has a bit of a learning curve but is lots of fun to enjoy with friends. Its free, give it a try!
game-hours: 315.7
review: <3
game-hours: 2918.0
review: It's just a beta ;)
game-hours: 1601.3
review: Good
game-hours: 2851.4
review: +++
game-hours: 1793.9
review: Fun times. No matchmaking currently so most games are usually one sided. If you're new, do the training, play against bots, and read some guides before jumping in.
game-hours: 1221.0
review: This game is Awesome
game-hours: 77.2
review: Awesome game, easy to pick up and lots of fun , having a whale of a time getting used to it
game-hours: 2936.0
review: Best RTS game.
game-hours: 2432.8
review: Everything I wanted and more
game-hours: 369.2
review: It's a game.
game-hours: 497.4
review: Rly good game
game-hours: 80.1
review: a nice game
game-hours: 3999.6
review: Ruined my life. 5 stars
game-hours: 2837.4
review: verygood
game-hours: 332.7
review: sper oyun mirolu
game-hours: 3104.8
review: nice game ever
game-hours: 89.4
review: Delete it as soon as you can for your own good, if you have a glimpse of what's going on there
game-hours: 1312.4
review: Fun game plus it's free!
game-hours: 336.0
review: Dota 2 is a great game. It is the happy ground where Basketball meets Chess.
game-hours: 2532.9
review: easy.
game-hours: 2106.1
review: Once you pop, you can't stop.
game-hours: 1789.2
review: Awesome MOBA experience!
game-hours: 425.4
review: This game can relieve your boredom. :)
game-hours: 3301.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1614.8
review: Complex, frustrating and addictive.
game-hours: 1449.7
review: game is prone to cause headaches and cause severe anger and frustration many non-english speaking russians and tacos mingle within the english speaking community and make communication hard game focuses on team-play and 9/10 in pub games you will almost always find someone who may only communicate with beeps, boops and a bell. 11/9 i would play this game more if there were less non-english speakers
game-hours: 843.6
review: the most balancing MOBA I have ever played.
game-hours: 4017.0
review: Excellent game, recommended !
game-hours: 1684.5
review: great
game-hours: 848.8
review: nice game, easy gameplay, and low spec computer can play it..
game-hours: 1946.1
review: One of the best games out!!!!
game-hours: 893.5
review: Ooo
game-hours: 3310.4
review: =)
game-hours: 486.1
review: I'm Ernie Dingo. You might know me from Channel 7's Getaway. Play Dota 2. Trust me, I'm Aboriginal.
game-hours: 1869.0
review: I really like the game, but I couldnt find the stupid cake.
game-hours: 454.9
review: A+
game-hours: 2898.7
review: Awesome game if you have awesome friends to play with.
game-hours: 7.9
review: Just started playing this game, must say this is addictive. I have already been trying to get friends to play it too!
game-hours: 2440.5
review: Love DOTA <3
game-hours: 1136.2
review: It's like chess, only with more queens.
game-hours: 1573.9
review: noob game
game-hours: 3684.4
review: best of doto
game-hours: 1052.5
review: Make sure to put English as your wanted language and go on EU west to meet the most classy Russian people in the world ; Serious note one of the best games i've ever played and the only i feel compelled to make sure i play
game-hours: 2163.1
review: Dota 2 GOTY Edition mb lol!!
game-hours: 1093.7
review: This game will break you, one match at a time. 10/10
game-hours: 109.2
review: Nice Game :D
game-hours: 754.3
review: Nice gane. Thanks btw for the addicting 0.0
game-hours: 410.2
review: this game is awesome
game-hours: 965.7
review: +rep gg thanks
game-hours: 609.5
review: :3
game-hours: 20.0
review: Best MOBA game to play.
game-hours: 4.6
review: good
game-hours: 1786.2
review: super cool game
game-hours: 1110.5
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 2128.5
review: addicted game
game-hours: 1662.0
review: GOOD GAME EVER
game-hours: 2613.0
review: zzz
game-hours: 52.0
review: Great game for those who like to play MOBA genre. Recommended to all.
game-hours: 577.5
review: .
game-hours: 2505.9
review: A game you play to experience to joys of multiculturalism and spectate the behaviors of people from developing third world countries.
game-hours: 2969.1
review: Worth playing
game-hours: 3979.3
review: This game is like doing a addictive drug. Dont.
game-hours: 664.5
review: very fun but the learning curve is very high
game-hours: 1742.9
review: Very good free to play game. It has a very high learning curve so be prepared to spend many hours being beaten before you start beating
game-hours: 3163.4
review: The best moba game in the history of mankind
game-hours: 767.2
review: Good Game!
game-hours: 159.6
review: Dota 2 is sikh like the religion.
game-hours: 1258.0
review: Amazing MOBA, fun with friends, great time, and a rage fest.
game-hours: 547.2
review: AWESOME GAME!
game-hours: 847.3
review: hi
game-hours: 876.8
review: Good game hueheuheuheeuhe
game-hours: 2246.7
review: Waddle around and meet new friends!
game-hours: 637.5
review: good
game-hours: 1004.5
review: :)
game-hours: 234.6
review: a nice game to play with friends
game-hours: 3205.8
review: best giler
game-hours: 2514.9
review: good game
game-hours: 2364.9
review: 1,587 hours on record for a reason. This game is more competitive and less childish than my previous game and train wreck of a dota-like accectable choice League of Legends. Yes the Dota 2 community is rough but that is how it has been since DotA on WC3. Harder than usual to walk into and get going at first because of the vast knowledge of the game but replays can easily fix that in a day. Overall great game and once again,  league of legends.
game-hours: 3044.8
review: just awesome
game-hours: 113.5
review: Best MOBA game ever!
game-hours: 67.5
review: :)
game-hours: 1781.9
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 38.4
review: epic game
game-hours: 1790.8
review: Best game for!!!
game-hours: 1297.0
review: THIS IS A SUPERB GAME
game-hours: 1580.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 587.7
review: good
game-hours: 693.0
review: One of the best MOBA game !
game-hours: 1573.4
review: Its ok
game-hours: 238.2
review: its fun, really addictive, strategic, tho the first two missions are annoying the games great
game-hours: 2247.2
review: nice game gg
game-hours: 3390.3
review: awesome game for the people with good reaction and nice attitude.
game-hours: 0.8
review: Fun Game,
game-hours: 1118.1
review: Best game ever!!!
game-hours: 1280.0
review: Nice
game-hours: 2576.0
review: Dota is the best game in the universe!
game-hours: 2681.7
review: its awesome you all should try this. its worse than drugs, it destroys your life 1 game at a time.
game-hours: 3194.2
review: Strongly Recommended.
game-hours: 538.8
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 157.8
review: goof game
game-hours: 2421.3
review: Server is like a piece of ing tttt
game-hours: 4482.7
review: fun.. so much fun..
game-hours: 0.7
review: I recommend this game
game-hours: 2880.8
review: FUN GAME! LETS ALL PLAY IT!
game-hours: 315.7
review: amaze
game-hours: 1020.9
review: play this to get endless rage and sleepless nights
game-hours: 2590.5
review: +
game-hours: 1859.5
review: Dota is a competitive game of action and strategy, played both professionally and casually by millions of passionate fans worldwide. Players pick from a pool of over a hundred heroes, forming two teams of five
game-hours: 558.9
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 1402.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 3792.1
review: So Cool Game every time
game-hours: 2012.9
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 1569.5
review: Try this out !
game-hours: 1870.2
review: This is the ULTIMATE MOBA happenning right now. With Ti3 out the way who knows what they'll add next? Techies? I hope it's Techies. My personal wants for heroes aside. This game takes MOBA and kicks it up the , becoming more and more amazing with every update. The difficulty curve can be perpindicular at times but the friendly community is always happy to help you out in your quest to be the best! Just watch out for the Russians, Peace
game-hours: 2335.3
review: Great game. Already spent over 700 hours playing it. Worth it. (its for FREE!) :P
game-hours: 1253.4
review: Best Game EVER!
game-hours: 125.0
review: awesome graphic, best gameplay and free to play,
game-hours: 342.9
review: GG :)
game-hours: 1607.7
review: Its free, its cool, its fun, enjoy it. Heard its good.         ValveThank U
game-hours: 1403.9
review: good man yeah ikeh ikeh yameteeh~
game-hours: 166.2
review: A game I genuinely can't quit. Ignoring the great gameplay and visuals aside, this is one of my favorite e-sports to follow.
game-hours: 1.2
review: Good game
game-hours: 202.5
review: Best game in the WORLD!!!
game-hours: 346.0
review: ayos!
game-hours: 667.2
review: Love this game, great upgrade from the original. They are building on it instead of changing, I believe valve has gone in the right direction to keep old players here and also bring new ones in. Also thumbs up on it being free.
game-hours: 2496.3
review: Well its a nice game Remember old times at Warcraft III this is a very nice game with a great community players
game-hours: 1056.0
review: This game is released with the Russian Rage Virus, aside from that best game ever, 100% guaranteed to destroy your social life, would not recommend.
game-hours: 121.9
review: I enjoy playing Dota 2. I'm still a Novice at it and still have lots of fun playing it!! I'm also looking for a team to coach me and to level up with.
game-hours: 34.7
review: Awesome !
game-hours: 1263.1
review: this game very addicted
game-hours: 1413.7
review: i like it try it
game-hours: 1463.9
review: blyat axaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxa! 10/10
game-hours: 3999.6
review: HOT !!!!!!
game-hours: 480.6
review: GG
game-hours: 1012.3
review: Great game to play with a group of friends
game-hours: 506.2
review: Decent game with lots of potential, but also lots of room for improvement.
game-hours: 1064.8
review: ..
game-hours: 52.6
review: Forward only time travel device. 10/10
game-hours: 1451.1
review: dota 2
game-hours: 1271.4
review: THIS IS THE MOST AMAZING GAME I EVER PLAYED! DOTA2 ROCKS \m/
game-hours: 217.0
review: good and cool game
game-hours: 41.7
review: hay
game-hours: 1414.2
review: good game
game-hours: 3007.6
review: Addictive, but certainly not for those who don't know how to work with others. Communication is key, as well as being able to shrug off a loss and carry on.
game-hours: 818.1
review: this game really awesome
game-hours: 42.3
review: dobra e be brat
game-hours: 370.3
review: AWESOME GAME :D
game-hours: 3089.7
review: game so ez
game-hours: 1807.7
review: The latest effort in making a full-fledged game out of a Warcraft III mod. DOTA 2 places you and up to 9 other people in an arena like environment where a never ending war between good and evil is taking place. After choosing around 100 heroes (with more coming) and dozens upon dozens of items to help give your hero the edge, the game does not stop giving you something to strive for, whether it be mastering the latest hero release, or finding the perfect build for your role of choice. Install as soon as humanly possible.
game-hours: 836.9
review: Great free to play model. One of the best Dota clones out there.
game-hours: 1576.0
review: the best dota2
game-hours: 1158.4
review: Beaners
game-hours: 265.5
review: Extraordinary continuous improvement of the original Dota. Beautiful graphics, very fluid play and best of all, Noob Friendly. Anyone can pickup the game and learn the basics, the item formulas and dig in with more seasoned players to keep learning. This game is an endles variaty of possibilities. Even though there is just one map, the hero / item combinations are ludicrously flexible and variad to have a very different experience each time you play. Oh, and the best part of this game, is with no doubt all the focus on teamplay and cooperation, game finder and team building tools (even with live coaching!) This is freakin awesom!
game-hours: 300.7
review: This is a rageworthy game. Play it.
game-hours: 1128.7
review: Great game sometimes only ruined by the volatile community that is MOBA games. At least valve tries to correct that with reporting players and commendations.
game-hours: 1312.8
review: Do you like playing a game? Do you ever playing a game named Dota 2? What's in your head when you see this game? Kind of  game huh? Not fun while we play this game? Okay Tell it to the people this isn't fun.. "Just play it" Well, I'm the one who say if this game is ain't fun. And when 2007 I try to play early version of this game (Dota 1) And I can't even stop until now.
game-hours: 604.3
review: No1 game
game-hours: 1.7
review: When i started this game i HATED it, but then tryed it again a while after, and I got used to it It is a very fun game and I really recommend it to players who like strategy games. I give it a 10/10
game-hours: 225.9
review: i LikE pLaying dota 2 It's aDdictinG hahaha XD
game-hours: 1297.3
review: very nice MOBA game XD!
game-hours: 808.5
review: best game ever....
game-hours: 2926.5
review: UHUUULLLL jogasso
game-hours: 1441.2
review: Great game, very addictive and challanging!
game-hours: 1533.7
review: With the amount of fans of the original DoTA (Defense Of The Ancients) I can say you will have around 1-2 mins of waiting time which is not as bad as the CSGO waiting time which takes close to 20-25 mins.DOTA is a MOBA (Multiplayer Online Battle Arena) its a mixed of RTS but you only use 1 Hero.If you are a fan of fast paced strategic RTS-like gameplay then i would highly recommend this game.If you are really want to start of this game i would suggest learning the curves by playing with bots before playing Online with other players.The community for the game is around the level of being really good to being really bad,meaning some people are just really big s while there are also really awesome players to play with..I would also suggest playing with some friends and play in a party..its alot better..I hope you guys the best :) I would give this game a thumbs up!
game-hours: 1204.8
review: Very good game.
game-hours: 1501.7
review: dota is a game with a lot of couriers.
game-hours: 1284.2
review: It is the most interesting that I have played
game-hours: 165.0
review: very adictive
game-hours: 1900.8
review: XD
game-hours: 0.8
review: best game ever
game-hours: 5857.6
review: The game taking your life away.
game-hours: 1956.0
review: l
game-hours: 1639.2
review: Im Recommend this game guys!! best game ever.
game-hours: 3252.4
review: What can i say... Dota ..not only dota2.. its a strategy game after all. Its not limited to using a skill on one or two..or five enemy heroes.. but to know when and how to use it.. Plus, the items suggestion are not always applicable. Each item has its role..and against different enemy. Overall, the game is for those with a little imagination. As for the graphics.. pretty much outstanding.. always getting improved.
game-hours: 17.7
review: Dota 2 is not my favorite type of game...but compared to other free games of its' type, it is the best and most creative.
game-hours: 2197.3
review: Challenging game with numerous interesting aspects. Free to play and very enjoyable!
game-hours: 771.6
review: Dota is, and most likely will be for a good while, the best competitive game out there.
game-hours: 898.4
review: great game
game-hours: 1738.4
review: pantex
game-hours: 1.9
review: Best Game !
game-hours: 3826.8
review: Addictive!
game-hours: 3104.5
review: ok game i guess.
game-hours: 3109.7
review: awesome game
game-hours: 2701.4
review: depression.exe
game-hours: 1087.3
review: When ever I try to type Dots 2 it gets correct to Dots 2 without me noticing. 1.7/10 would not play again.
game-hours: 2666.5
review: Dota is a pretty nice and i spend a lot of time with it.
game-hours: 79.2
review: Very fun but hard to get a handle on at first. Play it for a while and it get more fun
game-hours: 3086.6
review: Awesomee
game-hours: 1244.3
review: Theres a consistent thrill in getting a handle on a new hero, something only obtainable through actually playing with them.Start playing DOTA 2 and youll start to understand why so many have stuck with it for more than a decade !!!
game-hours: 6.3
review: This game is ing garbage, there is a reason it is being sold for 2 cents on the Steam Community Market, the gameplay is bugged to , the graphics are total garbage, the community is worse then ing CoD. While I played I could here two ing ers on the mic having anal sex in monkey talk and I couldn't mute them because this  game wouldn't allow it. League of Legends is so much better. Dota 2 Devs, Get on Riots level
game-hours: 2.8
review: The shop can be a bit confusing but in time i am sure that all will have a greter understanding
game-hours: 2568.4
review: cool game :3
game-hours: 852.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 545.1
review: i love it
game-hours: 3263.2
review: 2 teams of 5 players battle it out to destroy the other teams towers and base. Choose from a massive array of characters each with its own unique abilities. Great game, addictive, difficult to master but well worth the effort. Free to play makes it a game everyone should try.
game-hours: 2111.2
review: Best MOBA out there
game-hours: 2416.5
review: It's a growing sport that can only get bigger and bigger.
game-hours: 1281.4
review: like this
game-hours: 940.6
review: nice whooo
game-hours: 306.1
review: This game is intensely fun. Everyone should play this!
game-hours: 2507.0
review: nice game ever !
game-hours: 133.2
review: nice one
game-hours: 43.5
review: Sometimes, gamma shard.
game-hours: 1358.8
review: This game is free. Not even  you. No runes, no grind, no . Yes, Game is hard. But Dota 2 was built for both the casual and the hardcore player. Also, you can watch other people's games, which has 10 times the quality of Twitch, but still sucks because it lacks the power of Twitch chat. Kappa There are only three rules. 1. Do not die 2. Song name is always Darude -Sandstorm 3. There is no third rule. Download it.
game-hours: 935.1
review: Best game ever get it fast!
game-hours: 1544.0
review: GOODSHIT
game-hours: 226.0
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 1541.3
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 3140.2
review: NICE GAME FOR ALL PLAYER
game-hours: 613.8
review: awesome game
game-hours: 3.1
review: Super Duper
game-hours: 626.3
review: good game
game-hours: 811.6
review: Best MOBA game of 2013. Icefrog + Valve > Riot > Blizzard.
game-hours: 1833.7
review: "w00t"
game-hours: 254.5
review: Awesome game, love to play it !
game-hours: 1183.4
review: more than 300 hours played.
game-hours: 1334.8
review: hallo
game-hours: 4259.7
review: ,     DOTA 2 -  ,    . ,   , -, - ,          .
game-hours: 2050.5
review: This game is the best game ever :D
game-hours: 295.2
review: Fun game to play with friends. :) GL HF
game-hours: 1541.3
review: 2gud4u
game-hours: 98.2
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1669.1
review: I like everything about this game. The graphic, interface, gameplay, etc. One of my favorite game.
game-hours: 7.8
review: Best FTP ever !
game-hours: 2664.2
review: goodgame
game-hours: 1136.3
review: One of the most addicting but also challenging online games I've ever played. If you can find a friend that is experienced with Dota 2 to help you get started, take advantage and learn this game. Once you become at least an above average noob and learn how to play and make decisions on your own, you will love Dota 2.
game-hours: 1243.0
review: Dota 2 A game where a total of 10 players, divided into groups of 5 play and try to outwit or outplay the opposing team. Communication is a must, rather than individual and technical skill in higher play. Practice makes perfect in this game. Also has good traders in the market
game-hours: 1789.6
review: Great game
game-hours: 1925.8
review: Best MOBA game out there!
game-hours: 476.2
review: Very good
game-hours: 4127.3
review: I recommend this game for all LOL players who wants play a game more complicated
game-hours: 2239.7
review: Loistava peli.
game-hours: 1654.7
review: RAMPAGE!!!
game-hours: 3000.6
review: gg need techis and terrorblade
game-hours: 1144.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 366.5
review: i like this game but i need free money on my wallet :P
game-hours: 7394.3
review: DOTO DOTO BEST DOTO
game-hours: 34.5
review: lolololol
game-hours: 1530.8
review: doto veri god geim )
game-hours: 1071.1
review: yay
game-hours: 1441.5
review: Best game ever. Try it.
game-hours: 1127.5
review: DOTA2 is a very good game,Recommended for you who like game with RTS,MOBA genre !
game-hours: 85.0
review: lol
game-hours: 1409.3
review: Been playing it for 1 year already
game-hours: 2138.7
review: I've lost control of my life
game-hours: 1193.7
review: i love it
game-hours: 1489.7
review: D'BEST GAEM EVUR
game-hours: 1946.5
review: great
game-hours: 77.5
review: Possibly the best game to play now. The learning curve is kinda steep but once you get your stride it's soo much fun!
game-hours: 2106.4
review: Great game, a lot of fun to play with your friends. Has a steep learning curve. Would recommend 10/10
game-hours: 1117.6
review: Good game
game-hours: 3754.8
review: Before playing this game I was black and ripped. Now, after 2,000+ hours of gameplay, I'm a fat and proud white dude. 322/10 still no michael skills
game-hours: 603.6
review: Good Game
game-hours: 626.8
review: this is the most fun game i have been playing since w3 first map and i will grow old still playing this and learn my kids how to play this game and they wil learn thre kids how to play! :D
game-hours: 210.6
review: Awesomness...
game-hours: 441.9
review: The BDSM of gaming. Keep away from kids.
game-hours: 1131.8
review: This game is one of the best i have ever played
game-hours: 660.4
review: if you are ready to lose your social life for tons of fun kill donkeys with sticks and play with russians then this game is for you but really dont be a riki player T_T
game-hours: 120.5
review: GG HL WP. Good game with good players. t's like old times with new graphics. And item system is very brilliant idea. You can play wit friends all time. GG HL WP. Good game with good players. t's like old times with new graphics. And item system is very brilliant idea. You can play wit friends all time.
game-hours: 327.5
review: Easily one of the best MOBAs on the market if not the best. Steep learning curve, demanding mechanics and complex strategies makes this game hard to master, but when and if you so happen to get better it evolves into a real competitive experience that you will just love.
game-hours: 2149.7
review: :)
game-hours: 1199.8
review: wee
game-hours: 1015.4
review: nice!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 7.1
review: free and public game, very interesting to join
game-hours: 1.7
review: The most popular game on Steam. Way better than the competition.
game-hours: 1087.5
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 2882.0
review: Awesome game, definatly recommend it.
game-hours: 101.4
review: I have to say that... I rather play Pokemon any day of the year.
game-hours: 2581.8
review: Good Game
game-hours: 979.9
review: cool..
game-hours: 956.9
review: yes
game-hours: 1954.9
review: Me gusta
game-hours: 2957.6
review: +  "Orz
game-hours: 407.1
review: A good game
game-hours: 124.5
review: Dota 2 is a game that is made due to the amount of  flooding League of Legends. It is an autistic turn based game where the main goal is to run out of cards fastest. There are many "Champs" or as Dota 2 likes to call them "Heroes." Other than the fact that it is pay to win it is run on the Half-Life engine which is really amazing seems though the game developers were monkeys. There are some side quests you can do like stealing children and selling drugs my main "Hero" is a Ork Warrior I am lvl 69. Do i reccomend this game you may ask well it depends whether or not you want HIV/AIDS
game-hours: 848.4
review: Dota 2 - A game of strategic chess like moves, an all encompassing battle for momentum between two teams. Who's Ancient will be left standing?
game-hours: 672.2
review: Dota 2 is the best game ever ..
game-hours: 2203.7
review: One of the best MOBA, advanced mechacics, every game is different from the previous game, all heroes are FREE.
game-hours: 1401.9
review: best game ever
game-hours: 652.2
review: paras.
game-hours: 2092.2
review: best mmo i have played :)
game-hours: 2389.2
review: The best MOBA out there.
game-hours: 1636.1
review: it okey but i am god of world
game-hours: 1707.9
review: :yay:
game-hours: 822.5
review: Best game of the year forEVER
game-hours: 136.6
review: Best game ever :)
game-hours: 1961.5
review: Good free game
game-hours: 1179.5
review: Just AWESOME :D
game-hours: 189.9
review: Its good
game-hours: 1298.7
review: PLay this :D
game-hours: 910.0
review: the best game ever~
game-hours: 2522.1
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 2604.0
review: I like this game `cause it make MMO more competitive and challenging between the players. The diversity of heroes and their abilities (in addition to the players) influences absolutely everything and will never be a game like another.
game-hours: 1680.6
review: Game has turned to crap, needs work to make it better but valve dont seem to listen, there low prority  needs the axe, people with internet issues or so forth get punished for impatient people not waiting on reconnect, no surrender option so need to wait whole length of game for the same result while you wait for s to destroy everything long after you have already claimed gg and asked them to finish quick, random draft picking need altering, Radiant pick 1st, then 2 picks dire then need to go 1 pick, 1 pick to make it more even otherwise you have it pick onesided still, some characters are still way to overpowered, i could keep going on but its just making me hate this game even more
game-hours: 571.8
review: Wellllll
game-hours: 3314.1
review: mangsatab!
game-hours: 1454.5
review: best game
game-hours: 1508.7
review: most epic MOBA game on the world !!! edan rek
game-hours: 183.3
review: 10/10 it's ok
game-hours: 1969.6
review: Way too easy to burn time with this game.
game-hours: 1678.0
review: great game!
game-hours: 757.8
review: Awesome.! :)
game-hours: 1342.2
review: Very wow game MOBA
game-hours: 693.8
review: hmm
game-hours: 1334.0
review: RAT DOTO, BEST DOTO 1000000000000000000000/10
game-hours: 1254.4
review: Start playing today, a game were you spend most of your time saying, "What the ing hell?" But thats not all, start from now on to understand what real racism means, not only will you hate the Russians, but soon you'll hate yourself too? Why? Because when you play it, you'll realise. Oh you think thats it? NO There is more. This game will not only make you hate everyone else in the world, but it will also make you - Anti social - Actually racist - Rage (More often) - Be a gigantic  fag. In other words, this game is f**king Awesome. But thats not all just to Dota, because in the end, it all concludes to one point. Welcome to dota, Now GTFO.
game-hours: 34.6
review: awesome and challenging game :3
game-hours: 1928.3
review: Karthus is my favorite champion
game-hours: 2280.0
review: This game is more fun than a busload of cheerleaders.
game-hours: 1779.0
review: The best MOBA ever
game-hours: 441.1
review: Good game.
game-hours: 1587.6
review: Dota 2 is hard, but there's a huge reward for those who commit. On the surface, the game is a like-for-like reproduction of the genre-creating (and still updated) Defense of the Ancients modification for Warcraft III, now transferred into Valve's Source engine. The game's punishing design is sometimes enough to drive you up the wall, but it's worth sticking the hours in: success in Dota 2 is about learning to effectively juggle both the broad strokes and finer details.
game-hours: 1021.4
review: Great game
game-hours: 2644.3
review: Dota is an Addictive game. Can't stop play it. Someone stop me plz.
game-hours: 424.2
review: Awesome Game!
game-hours: 1639.6
review: ing game..always got scold..but fun is achieved with friends
game-hours: 1125.9
review: +1
game-hours: 1.3
review: LOVE THIS GAME!
game-hours: 1403.8
review: Nice game , beautiful game play GG..!
game-hours: 1984.8
review: dats cool
game-hours: 1435.2
review: This game has augmented my view of the human race. What I mean to say by that is "I didn't ask for this". ... JK LOL. What I really mean to say is "! !  !   !"
game-hours: 2280.1
review: If your willing to learn and go in knowing your going to have to take the time to get better due to its steep learning curve dota 2 i an amazingly satisfying and addictive game guarranteed to have you comming back for more. i would recomend going in with a mentor but if not the game has modes implemented into it to help newer players get to gerips with the game., also with the ability to create bot and games only for you and freinds you should have no trouble learning the game. with a large variety of heroes to pick from all available as soon as you enter the game there is thousands of hours of gameplay waiting for you in what is the most fair ree to play model in a gae ever purchasing only items for heroes for bragging rights and no stat benefit their is no reason for anyone that owns steam to not pick up and try DOTA 2 for themselves.
game-hours: 872.6
review: WEw
game-hours: 1942.9
review: 1a
game-hours: 54.0
review: Pretty good MOBA in my opinion. Free to play, which is good because otherwise I probably would not have gotten into the realm of MOBA's in the first place. The learning curve can be pretty daunting at first, so I would recommend that you get a friend to help you learn the basics. 9/10 PROS: Solid multiplayer, large character selection, fun RPG elements, gameplay never gets boring CONS: Steeper learning curve, will need to learn jargon
game-hours: 743.9
review: Amazing game, a must play.
game-hours: 3791.9
review: gud...
game-hours: 3098.0
review: Thanks A Million Dota 2 !!!
game-hours: 18.2
review: aw
game-hours: 310.3
review: one of the most amazing moba games ever ,
game-hours: 2059.1
review: It's very entertaining.....keep going on Dota2....
game-hours: 1126.0
review: - .
game-hours: 842.8
review: Learned to speak russian and piss everyone in my team off pretending to be russian=lifetime of low priority
game-hours: 1261.4
review: good
game-hours: 1623.3
review: Great Moba. Recommend if you can deal with fits of rage from players that speak languages you don't understand.
game-hours: 2863.4
review: AMAZING !
game-hours: 456.0
review: :P
game-hours: 7770.3
review: good game
game-hours: 792.0
review: This game is awesome. I love DOTA 2 so much.
game-hours: 1098.6
review: An epic game. Only recommended for team players who can think on their feet and are willing to learn.
game-hours: 893.2
review: good game
game-hours: 2077.9
review: Kiss me :P
game-hours: 1423.0
review: lel
game-hours: 2668.0
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 314.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 2003.5
review: Dota 2 is the most addictive and fun to play games from valve since team fortress 2. Dota 2 is a competitive and rewarding game which can overcome other MOBA games. Dota 2 has reached all my expectations and more. I honestly cannot think of any downside to the game. Characters are well built, the sound effects and soundtrack is amazing, the characters comments is the best of all the games of the same kind. It's said Dota has a high learning curve which is true, many usually give up within the first 5 hours of game play due to the difficulty and usually turn to games like HON and LOL. To all those Dota 1 players I am glad to say that everything is exactly the same item wise and character skills, this makes it easier to quickly get used to it. In the beginning you might find the game a bit confusing and accidentally keep clicking the old short-cuts for your ulti since Dota 2 adopted the Q W E R format, but once you get used to the new interface you will just feel the awesomeness that once let you get hooked to Dota. Most of the Dota players started to play LOL waiting for the release of Dota 2 if you are one of those then it will take you a longer time to get used to last hits and the range of the characters but when you do, it will all be worth it, so don't give up. Plus the game is going to be Free 2 play what more do you need :).
game-hours: 200.7
review: best of the best ;3
game-hours: 2604.0
review: best game
game-hours: 4488.8
review: Would have been nice if heroes with no sets yet will be given attention.. overall, i give 4 out of 5.. Keep it up Valve.
game-hours: 1290.9
review: Dota 2 is a great game if you like being told you're the worst person to have ever lived in Spanish or Russian.
game-hours: 255.4
review: Most gd and nc game in the world.............but steam is not gd many prob with the login or password...............
game-hours: 31.9
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 141.5
review: This game is awesome
game-hours: 4558.3
review: this game is awesome
game-hours: 3002.8
review: cool stuff
game-hours: 2821.3
review: Yo. This game is awesome.
game-hours: 1523.3
review: this game has taken over my life. highly recommend if you wish to swap a crack addiction for something less harmful.
game-hours: 965.4
review: Very Good Doto
game-hours: 784.2
review: i want ask how big is the dota 2 file now?
game-hours: 1580.1
review: Best game of 2013 :D
game-hours: 3002.5
review: Gameplay : 20 Sound : 20 Music : 20 Graphics : 20 enjoyable : 20 Score : 100/100
game-hours: 0.2
review: DOTOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
game-hours: 1277.7
review: Definitely recommended. I've spent countless hours lost in the pixels of the Dota world, moving along 3 lanes, through lush jungles, a long river and the pit of big , humongous and sweet-deprived keeper of the Aegis. It's great to play with friends and to rib each other constantly, but also extremely rewarding playing with random strangers in pubs. Your own individual skill, micro prowess and language prose come second to your abilities to communicate effectively with teammates and also co-operation as well as co-ordination. Game and map awareness comes after many a pub-thrashing received, but it all adds up to the experience garnered. Also, you get to learn many languages of the world by its most basic form, and the form I truly feel is the right way to go about learning a language, curse words and the way they laugh. Always a good time =D
game-hours: 11.4
review: i like dota 2 i am lagging a little but it is a interesting game and i recommend it to you.Stop read this and go play Dota2 ;)
game-hours: 32.2
review: such a nice game
game-hours: 1514.7
review: Come Play Dota 2 Together..Have Fun GG It =)
game-hours: 993.2
review: not bad
game-hours: 1788.8
review: Good
game-hours: 159.1
review: Awesome game. Never a dull moment :D
game-hours: 2014.6
review: it is good if you win, but if you lose......
game-hours: 1041.5
review: like to play this game
game-hours: 1306.3
review: great game
game-hours: 2066.0
review: nice game , play it
game-hours: 199.7
review: So addicting. <3
game-hours: 1536.9
review: AWesome game!
game-hours: 303.3
review: cool game, free to play and dont even have to spend money to compete
game-hours: 1203.4
review: This game is very addicting to play. If you have friends who play this, then the game can be even more entertaining. If you don't like playing against other people then go to a private bot match and play against bots and you can even increase the difficulty to make it harder. I recommend this game to EVERYBODY man. Such a great game.
game-hours: 140.5
review: Great game!
game-hours: 1495.4
review: AWESOME!!!
game-hours: 1429.9
review: Jus
game-hours: 1301.2
review: Excellent Strategy Game, highly recommended
game-hours: 1346.4
review: The best MOBA game in the world
game-hours: 934.6
review: DOTA 2 is easily the best MOBA in existence and possibly one of the best games ever made, yet it's also one of the most unforgiving. It's hard, the learning curve is steep, and it takes a lot of time and practice to become proficient at each role and with different heroes. However, if you can become anything more than mediocre with a few heroes, it's one of the most rewarding gaming experiences you'll ever have. Those are the good parts. The bad part is this game has the worst community of players I've ever seen, hands down and it's not even close. Imagine if you-know-who's /b/ board was a video game, then throw in every ignorant and racist teenage troll, mixed with a huge chunk of Russians and Spanish kids who can't speak English - that would put you somewhere in the realm of this game's player base. You cannot play this game unless you have a thick skin, and I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone who hasn't been around "the online gaming community" for a long period of time. This game can and will get worse than anything you've seen or heard on Xbox Live. Having said all that, Valve is making some smart moves lately in their attempt to clean up and weed out the worst of the worst. They have "punishment pools" you get banished to for acting like an idiot and for players who can't stay connected for 40 mins at a time. There is a report feature that works and gets people muted for days on end, and in general the game is a lot "cleaner" than it was during beta and early release when I started playing.
game-hours: 3344.0
review: Amazingly immersive and complex RTS MOBA. Play at your own risk: this game will devour your soul.
game-hours: 760.3
review: Not bad
game-hours: 0.3
review: Very Great
game-hours: 2096.0
review: Best strategic game ever
game-hours: 947.2
review: Highly addictive, like an unhealthy drug. Will destroy lives.
game-hours: 419.8
review: Naise
game-hours: 1447.5
review: nice
game-hours: 20.4
review: Good game. Go now!
game-hours: 663.0
review: more of a time sink than league, with better payoff. graphics also don't look like WC3 which is good because its not 2003 its 2013 yo
game-hours: 1029.6
review: love it
game-hours: 425.5
review: Still the Best
game-hours: 430.6
review: gj
game-hours: 953.4
review: sweet game. i really like it a lot. it's almost like a religion to me. You mad bro?
game-hours: 155.7
review: ...
game-hours: 691.4
review: Lots of a and . Highly recommended!
game-hours: 559.6
review: If you're a fan of MOBAs or are just looking for a new style of game you should check this game out. It's similar to League of Legends (but please don't try to compare the two on chats because it causes arguments). I play this a lot and I quite enjoy it. I feel its a little better with friends, but you can play it alone just fine, find a match and choose your hero and wreck some Riki s.
game-hours: 1172.9
review: I'm a 2 years old league of legends player and i have to admit that dota 2 is have something better than lol. It is a great game without imbalanced, no heroes are too strong or too weak, and it is fun too play, even though the open chest keys is kind of frustrating sometime.
game-hours: 1384.3
review: this game is awesome. RPG
game-hours: 3329.8
review: best game
game-hours: 1031.5
review: This game is the reason I failed my finals. Enjoy
game-hours: 2983.3
review: Good
game-hours: 2242.9
review: very good game
game-hours: 2311.3
review: One of the greatest second parts of an amazing Moba!
game-hours: 1673.5
review: Great game. Addictive!
game-hours: 150.0
review: Awesome Graphics, Cool characters , plenty of rewards what else you need to expect from a moba
game-hours: 2537.6
review: The favorite pastime.
game-hours: 1194.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 1562.0
review: GG
game-hours: 1019.8
review: Hee.. :)
game-hours: 3188.0
review: Very funny game
game-hours: 1955.7
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 639.1
review: Dota 2 is a very complex game, lots of heroes. Now give meh mana!
game-hours: 1277.1
review: Excellent and addictive !
game-hours: 1656.1
review: nice
game-hours: 3534.3
review: Good
game-hours: 7.3
review: Best game ever!!
game-hours: 1458.0
review: The best ARTS game!!!
game-hours: 19.4
review: good
game-hours: 1502.1
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 3513.2
review: BEST GAME EVER !
game-hours: 4188.4
review: Firstly confusing then become addicting :)) The BEST Game ever!!! and it's FREE!!! though i don't play the first series :p so many heroes, so much abilities to be learned . . . EPIC it's just EPIC!!! :D
game-hours: 1037.1
review: good game
game-hours: 2596.7
review: best game
game-hours: 694.5
review: Good Game
game-hours: 2825.1
review: its a good game
game-hours: 1635.5
review: good game :D
game-hours: 1441.4
review: good game
game-hours: 2011.7
review: Requires a lot of patience and determination, but soo addictive
game-hours: 1262.8
review: Good
game-hours: 936.2
review: -IGN "already played with russians"
game-hours: 646.3
review: Excelente Juego
game-hours: 590.2
review: this game is amazing
game-hours: 951.8
review: Favourite game ever!
game-hours: 582.3
review: Nice Game~!
game-hours: 756.8
review: I cry after every game of Dota 2 10/10
game-hours: 925.0
review: This game is probaly one of the best games iv ever played its very worth for free to play and there is no pay to win, i give this game a 10 out of 10 this game is very fun but at times can make u rage
game-hours: 2261.3
review: Dota 2 The Best
game-hours: 356.5
review: Mega Awesome and Addictive.
game-hours: 4768.5
review: lol
game-hours: 1720.5
review: Absolutely amazing game. It's a hard game to get familiar to, but once you know a bit of the basics, it's great to play. I recommend playing it with friends in a 5stack for the best experience.
game-hours: 3.2
review: DOTA 2 is the best game ever
game-hours: 402.1
review: Awsome Game. Best to play with friends. -> strategic Play it !
game-hours: 2641.9
review: Good game, highly recommended.
game-hours: 1584.8
review: Game that you never win. Gotta love this game! <3
game-hours: 302.2
review: its just a nice game and always there is somthing new so ppl can never get boring from this game!
game-hours: 103.4
review: Lots of addicting fun! Game is simple to be decent, difficult to master! Don't throw away this game if you struggle at first, there is a steep learning curve and given the price, you can't beat the value in this game.
game-hours: 916.8
review: The best game ever!
game-hours: 3196.7
review: Absolutely recommend this to anyone!
game-hours: 1880.9
review: the only game that've on steam huahahahaha 9/10
game-hours: 1514.1
review: This game, if you let it; will encapture your soul in a dark vortex of knowledge and chaos, when you emerge you will either be exactly the same, or exactly the same but with the knowledge to play Dota. It's also really fun.
game-hours: 1417.2
review: GGWP for this game
game-hours: 64.7
review: Cool
game-hours: 1338.1
review: yeah I like to change DOTA game,,, please love me and that other explanations DOTA,,, before I say thank you good luck always DOTA 2,,,
game-hours: 2664.2
review: good game
game-hours: 1207.0
review: S sucesso!!!
game-hours: 2300.2
review: BEST GAME IN THE HISTORY!
game-hours: 1384.4
review: Great game if you can put the time in to learn the ropes (100 hours+ to get good)
game-hours: 69.1
review: Leka 2 play, 1 time
game-hours: 3727.2
review: very fun and tactical game
game-hours: 122.4
review: good game. much faster queue time than similar games. hero pool is solid. draft types are fun too.
game-hours: 955.5
review: Not too shabby.
game-hours: 2748.3
review: Better than Dota 1
game-hours: 2511.2
review: Best game ever!! amg lol #yoloswag!1123qq
game-hours: 241.1
review: Game Of Skill
game-hours: 1241.0
review: good fun with friends
game-hours: 642.5
review: LOVE this game. one of the best available on PC
game-hours: 1644.3
review: nice game! love it so much!
game-hours: 1008.6
review: Gud gam.
game-hours: 243.3
review: Good game. :)
game-hours: 744.3
review: Great game. Runs great.
game-hours: 1264.4
review: its most addictive game ever !!!
game-hours: 834.2
review: I love it!!!111!!
game-hours: 1887.7
review: 10/10
game-hours: 1763.1
review: good
game-hours: 4320.0
review: good game
game-hours: 1308.2
review: good job, vavle. Dota 2 will go far. Dota 2 is the best MOBA
game-hours: 3085.8
review: good
game-hours: 2321.4
review: A must play game... Nxt level Game... GG :D
game-hours: 24.0
review: Great game, really one of the best MOBAs ive played in my life. It can be hard and really challenging sometimes, yes it cant be fair during most games but if you get the hang of it, you'll surely enjoy it.
game-hours: 1491.8
review: 447 hours into dota, couldve been spent knitting, 10/10
game-hours: 360.8
review: best game ever.
game-hours: 4077.0
review: dota 2 the best
game-hours: 1565.7
review: Icefrog and Valve's brainchild, a mix of the classic DotA-Allstars map we all know and love backed by Valve's awesome Source engine. This game will get you hooked in a couple of sessions, where each game is intensely packed with strategy and action. I guarantee you'll keep coming back for more! with it's steep learning curve it will take you hours on end to fully grasp what the game is all about, and that's what makes it so addictive, but once you learn the tools of the trade it's going to be worth it.
game-hours: 651.4
review: DOTA2 is a standalone version of the popular Warcraft 3 mod DOTA. It challenges players on a level that few games are able.
game-hours: 2732.1
review: Best game to play ever!
game-hours: 1319.9
review: very nice game
game-hours: 3538.5
review: ,           ,           .  ,    ,   189,5     .
game-hours: 63.7
review: GreatGame!
game-hours: 179.2
review: Awesome gameplay, best MOBA around
game-hours: 2839.6
review: Worth the time
game-hours: 1133.6
review: simply this game is the best MOBA in the world. Where can you find a game with perfect Balance with "appropriate" gliches ( fountain hook, transformation time" this is 100% worth to play game,. download it, join our family, and never regret
game-hours: 1613.8
review: Good game in dota2
game-hours: 368.2
review: It's a nice game, f2p and i always have fun with it
game-hours: 86.7
review: Cool!
game-hours: 1651.5
review: hello g9 =))
game-hours: 2.9
review: Yes
game-hours: 982.6
review: Best multiplayer game. Ever.
game-hours: 1712.9
review: Favourite Free to Play Game.
game-hours: 1041.5
review: Next Gen After Dota 1. :D
game-hours: 323.5
review: I like this game and game play is awesome. There is a reason why this game is the most played on steam, It is a realy good game and the fact that they had beta-updates for over a year made it awesome in gameplay, in graphics and in multiplayer experiences.
game-hours: 2500.3
review: Try :)
game-hours: 1101.0
review: best intelect game and coordonation of all
game-hours: 1945.8
review: Awesome game i'm playing it since 7 years ~*(Best Game)*~
game-hours: 1316.4
review: i like this game
game-hours: 694.7
review: good game
game-hours: 2848.6
review: good game D
game-hours: 841.1
review: Dota 2 's a fun free to play game. It's large roster of different heroes (and corresponding different playstyles) makes every game unique and a challege, even though there is only one official map.
game-hours: 28.7
review: Drinking On The Altar 2 is a pretty good game where you play as a rebellious young monk named Walter. The game is a juggling act between getting wrecked with other monks, sneaking into the nuns dormitories and praising the lord.
game-hours: 2563.7
review: got called a noob for getting blink on am 10/10
game-hours: 0.8
review: This game is the much better than the cheap dota-game wannabe LoL.
game-hours: 2.2
review: Stop playing LoL and play this game instead.
game-hours: 2099.6
review: What can I say? It's so good. Just try it.
game-hours: 108.1
review: game is hard
game-hours: 2262.1
review: My Favorite game =D
game-hours: 1640.3
review: yea
game-hours: 3827.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 104.7
review: After I started playing this game my life turned for the better, my hair grew out, my clothes started fitting, I got a girlfriend, I stopped failing my classes. It was pretty great. Although this game's impact on people's lives can vary.
game-hours: 788.6
review: Such awesome, many game, wow !!!
game-hours: 6.1
review: Amazing.
game-hours: 925.0
review: Dota 2...it's like crack, except worse for your health and sanity.
game-hours: 3504.4
review: Best Game Ever!!!
game-hours: 2648.7
review: awesome
game-hours: 3558.2
review: Awesome game, Very addictive though. Say goodbye to your social life.
game-hours: 872.7
review: <3 <3
game-hours: 946.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 555.1
review: IS GOOD
game-hours: 205.3
review: :D
game-hours: 813.3
review: Really Good Game
game-hours: 698.6
review: happy new year
game-hours: 3062.9
review: very nice MOBA
game-hours: 4983.3
review: awesome..lel
game-hours: 319.7
review: Goodies!!
game-hours: 1426.5
review: It's okay
game-hours: 1649.1
review: play it
game-hours: 3044.6
review: dis game gay LOL!
game-hours: 1441.0
review: PLAY AND BE ADDICTED
game-hours: 192.1
review: good game better then lol
game-hours: 0.5
review: wow
game-hours: 309.3
review: This game is definately worth the price: FREE. The community is friendly and willing to teach if you're new to the genre. If you've played any RTS game in the past ten years, you'll be able to figure this game out pretty easily. With around 100 heroes and counting, this game has a great deal of variety and will always be challenging. Unlike many free to play games, this game's micro-transaction model is aesthetic only. There are no huge powerups or big weapons or purchases of in-game currency that will give the payer an edge over others. This game is very much the antithesis of the "pay-to-win" model.
game-hours: 52.6
review: Volvo, please give golden roshan :\
game-hours: 297.9
review: dOOtttttOOOOOOO
game-hours: 172.6
review: GabeN proudly presents!!
game-hours: 290.9
review: Way better than LoL!!!!
game-hours: 2768.5
review: Awesome game, keeps you playing once you have got the mechanics and how the team game works.
game-hours: 1990.5
review: Great game
game-hours: 224.0
review: This is my first review,usually i don't write reviews but this game forced me to write one.This game is one of the best games i have ever played,with more then 70 heroes and almost 8 types of game modes this game is one of the best,even better then Team Fortress 2.The effects,the blood almost everything is their.Game is better then i had expected it to be.The Store is also great allowing players to buy sets and other things.HUDS are cool almost 20+ HUDS are there. Recommended
game-hours: 997.2
review: Best moba EVAH !
game-hours: 819.5
review: COME ON AND PLAY
game-hours: 1554.3
review: Great game, every time different.
game-hours: 2795.0
review: NICE!
game-hours: 2207.3
review: this game is very good
game-hours: 732.3
review: its good
game-hours: 1468.3
review: Amazing game, best game in world
game-hours: 577.7
review: gay game
game-hours: 539.3
review: GeeGee
game-hours: 830.4
review: I play it for the community.
game-hours: 1493.5
review: Awesome... :D
game-hours: 1238.0
review: ez game ez life
game-hours: 1194.1
review: Really great game.
game-hours: 3134.4
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 983.4
review: This game has alienated me from most of my friends and family. It has literally destroyed all my relationships with people. 10/10
game-hours: 1179.9
review: Great game!
game-hours: 2543.6
review: Best game on earth
game-hours: 262.3
review: Do not ride bat into battle comrade, instead ride bird.
game-hours: 74.6
review: A very good game for a group. Gamplay is simple enough for beginners, but it stays challenging for even the most experienced players. Not to mention that it's free!
game-hours: 2477.5
review: Classic DotA redesinged to make a tantalizing new game. A must-play for all DotA fans.
game-hours: 5906.1
review: A true game!
game-hours: 1614.4
review: phew
game-hours: 1423.9
review: aw
game-hours: 2098.7
review: ,   !!!!
game-hours: 4106.4
review: Very good MOBA. It has a very steep learning curve but it's definitely worth it.
game-hours: 2325.4
review: dota 2 is really awesome game!!
game-hours: 1575.9
review: GAME NI BEST PANTAT2..JOM AH MAIN KAWAN2..SUMPAH TERBAIK GILA BAPAK!!
game-hours: 2644.3
review: DOTA 2 GG!!
game-hours: 1384.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 169.3
review: !!!!!!!!
game-hours: 2375.4
review: Annoying ...frustrating game .. u loose .. u win .. u meet russians in `Eng` lang. and west region .. u flame .. u rage u get muted .. than u win some more and it`s s till fun :)
game-hours: 77.4
review: A long time ago somewhere in Dallas, Texas: A man by the name of Henk Holl had this idea about men wearing masks and beating the  out of each other and having even bigger men wrasslin' on top of these smaller men to see who could push down their towers first. Well Gabe Newell swooped in on his Gabearang and quickly crushed (both figuratively and literally) Henk's deep-rooted desire for a good ol' fashion woopin'. And three quarters of his spine. So what we're left with is a game called DOTA 2, which many believe started as the name of DONUT 2, as Gabe was hungry that day and wanted 2 extra donuts, but many misheard him and thought he said DOTA 2.
game-hours: 871.6
review: nice game, amazingxzxz
game-hours: 2775.7
review: <3 Dota 2
game-hours: 768.5
review: If you can get past all the Russians inhabiting every single server, ever, then this is as close to perfect as you can possibly get! It's a great game to play with friends, and it's free, to boot! Such a simple idea but with so many strategies, heroes and gameplay styles, it never gets boring. 10/10.
game-hours: 199.0
review: Coolest game ever
game-hours: 2803.5
review: !
game-hours: 882.1
review: If you havent played this game already, or been bombed to death with free keys from valve, what the hell are you waiting for? Prepare to fume from frustration from the russians, or just n00bs from every single country imaginable. No seriously though this game is ing awesome.
game-hours: 274.7
review: Dota 2 Is a great game that people tend to over look. Over all it's fun if you can find a good team that isn't full of people that don't know how to play. I would recommend this game.
game-hours: 317.4
review: if you get bored, try it out
game-hours: 2814.2
review: Best ever game i have played.
game-hours: 4.4
review: Left 4 Dead 2 ?
game-hours: 630.3
review: ^^
game-hours: 517.5
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 991.4
review: Simply the best game ever
game-hours: 1770.3
review: good
game-hours: 1967.1
review: loveit
game-hours: 571.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 1908.0
review: cool game
game-hours: 386.1
review: gg
game-hours: 522.8
review: why i can't update?
game-hours: 2929.0
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 1789.8
review: Its rly good.
game-hours: 451.0
review: yeah
game-hours: 0.7
review: etsi k etsi :p
game-hours: 680.4
review: NIce (y)
game-hours: 95.5
review: The game features a great combination of action and strategy.
game-hours: 1609.5
review: At first I played Alone, then with friends. It was fun. Then I played alone again. All I could say was "" and "VIVA LA MEXICO" Now I play on Russia Servers because they are the only ones who understand me. Solo Long Lane for Life. 10/10
game-hours: 175.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 1160.0
review: 90% if not more of the games you will end up with russian team on english server ...
game-hours: 1315.5
review: Awesome game!! very fun to play this with my friends..
game-hours: 3373.6
review: Epic Game DOTO BEST DOTO
game-hours: 2808.9
review: dota 2.....rullzz
game-hours: 747.9
review: i love this game :)
game-hours: 2118.4
review: Good Game
game-hours: 1093.6
review: yes
game-hours: 1596.3
review: this is the coolest game i ever play>
game-hours: 1019.7
review: i really like the graphics and the game are so good than the other games and this game you can use logic and strategy for the game and thats all......
game-hours: 1633.1
review: This game was so awesome that some one wants it instead of a house and lot :)) nice work!
game-hours: 952.3
review: the best so far
game-hours: 2462.3
review: unstopable joyment bro hahaha buat pemula apalagi kayak saya ini game bagus,dibanding dot a 1 yg bosok udh banyak cheat ada map hacknya wew
game-hours: 2267.8
review: Nice game.
game-hours: 513.9
review: This game is very educational game
game-hours: 1130.5
review: YES I VERY LIKE DOTA^^
game-hours: 855.9
review: manteb
game-hours: 1950.9
review: BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED. THIS GAME HAS CHANGED MY LIFE.....
game-hours: 864.4
review: Nice Game with a team...
game-hours: 750.5
review: Love You
game-hours: 1618.3
review: this game is the best game on the steam I think
game-hours: 1685.9
review: Nice Game And its make me happy
game-hours: 783.5
review: awesome game...
game-hours: 1298.9
review: Dota2 nice
game-hours: 2656.9
review: best game ever
game-hours: 2325.6
review: Free
game-hours: 1484.7
review: yes
game-hours: 2458.8
review: Very fun game, good graphics, nice gameplay, never gets boring.
game-hours: 553.7
review: Its a really fun game, but you must never play the following -Drow Ranger -Riki -Spirit Breaker -Huskar -Meepo -Slark If you play these heroes, then your a scrub
game-hours: 5811.1
review: gggggggggg
game-hours: 2202.0
review: like
game-hours: 853.2
review: try this game u wil probably like it at first u could say that this is not for me but in later part uhmm let us say around 1 day or atleast 8 hours of playing this dota 2 u would say ok friend lets play until dawn.
game-hours: 3068.3
review: whats more to say..play to your heart's content yah~~ =)
game-hours: 1182.4
review: sali na kayo sa dota 2 , masaya to !
game-hours: 340.0
review: it is good for mind statifaction
game-hours: 1510.1
review: :)
game-hours: 1569.1
review: Like this
game-hours: 3000.3
review: good game, need to have more frequent events and support dota2 better in some country like Vietnam
game-hours: 23.8
review: I like the game too bad i just got used to League of Legends otherwise i would probably have the patience to learn this game but for now i'll just stick to League of Legends, just because i dont feel like learning all game mechanics again
game-hours: 1508.7
review: Awesome! Can't really get enough of it.
game-hours: 426.7
review: good game
game-hours: 4326.3
review: wow
game-hours: 2685.7
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1981.4
review: Very true to the original and similarly enjoyable ... but now with much more interesting graphics.
game-hours: 784.9
review: NIce
game-hours: 789.8
review: good
game-hours: 4867.3
review: if you are  u will like this game
game-hours: 46.2
review: vrey good game !
game-hours: 289.5
review: RECOMMEND THIS GAME FOR IT'S SO COOL
game-hours: 2006.2
review: 1
game-hours: 2698.3
review: I have wasted so much time playing this game. 10/10 would recomend to anyone
game-hours: 1298.5
review: BEST GAMEEEE!!!!!
game-hours: 1372.3
review: Awesome Game
game-hours: 2476.5
review: Good but need fix in server issues
game-hours: 1036.2
review: Great.
game-hours: 1462.2
review: A lot better than Bilzzard Dota .. Not only gaming experience, also Community, Items Market & many more features we are experiencing through~ Anyone who would like to play Dota, WoW, Starcraft should try it too..! I'm strongly recommended but care of ur girlfriend not to lose ur attention to her :P
game-hours: 1527.6
review: Recomended!! When is online and working... lol
game-hours: 263.5
review: :D:D:D:D:D
game-hours: 1440.6
review: The most frustrating fun you'll ever have
game-hours: 3764.2
review: put away all items of value within arm's reach!
game-hours: 1194.5
review: RAMPAGE..!!
game-hours: 1.7
review: This is one outstanding game, I just got the game today. Dota 2 is one of the best games ever, if you enjoy RPG type games, this game is definetely the one for you. The introduction may be a little long, but it's worth that. I love Dota 2!!! 10/10
game-hours: 2210.1
review: Pls optimize DotA 2 for slower computers as ultrabooks(for examle acer Aspire s3 with hd 3000|4000, mcbook air), netbooks and computers with old stuff. Can you minimise the number of polygons in models for slow computers? P.S. I want to play DotA 2 on my tablet PC with out FPS reduction.
game-hours: 1585.8
review: nc
game-hours: 42.9
review: gg
game-hours: 810.6
review: how to sell and buy item
game-hours: 1551.8
review: Fun game
game-hours: 560.7
review: 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 1986.6
review: I am addicted to this game,just like how i was addicted to tf2 before,very.
game-hours: 527.2
review: Really entertaining game with tons of characters. You might run into your average player who was spoiled when growing up and whines when no one listen to his commands. You also have to get pass the "noob 'insert player name here'" rants. Good bit of players will speak Russian, Spanish, and Portuguese. You might have a chance to understand them but in the end only having your face yelled at for misunderstanding an order from the AUTO-CAPTAIN; which is the spoiled kid who you hate.
game-hours: 1234.0
review: One needs to be somewhat fond of Moba games to really like DotA 2, but if you do, this game is for you. Now that it's free it is just extra awesome. The graphics are great and the gameplay is awesome. No game is the same. A warning though: New players will be scolded for dying and the learning curve is pretty harsh. But once you understand the game pretty well it becomes one of the most awesome games you'll ever play.
game-hours: 2237.7
review: dota 2 is a new born Defense of The Ancient Blizzard publisher but the dota2 is owned by Valve and its a great game! the gameplay of dota 2 just same as dota1. we play in team, war in team, win in team!
game-hours: 615.6
review: I reccomend this game cuz it's awesome!
game-hours: 2620.5
review: im still waiting map editor
game-hours: 1011.5
review: everybody loves that game
game-hours: 691.0
review: Nice game, wit a better strategy and a good team work, your team can win a battle.
game-hours: 35.0
review: Awesome game. Great tutorial. If you played LoL can't go wrong in Dota 2.
game-hours: 4327.0
review: yup . 100 %
game-hours: 820.7
review: great game!
game-hours: 1823.7
review: League of Legends is better.
game-hours: 2989.0
review: A VERY NICE GAME
game-hours: 1325.5
review: Yes
game-hours: 2754.1
review: Excellente!
game-hours: 1366.8
review: Oh hell no, dat Eddie tho
game-hours: 1050.1
review: This game is amazing and I sunk hours and hours into it. You play on the same map everytime with the same possible items and 10 out of 100+ heros, but it is so different every single time.
game-hours: 2138.8
review: nc game
game-hours: 7666.3
review: RIVER CAMPEON
game-hours: 4279.9
review: Dota 2 kai ksero pswmi
game-hours: 2269.3
review: Such a strategic game filled with a lot of mysterious beauty from the four corners of the map, which indeed made it phenomenal and remarkable. You get to learn and experience a lot of things with friends and random strangers all over the continent you are situtuated, thus, enhancing your social development. The game requires a strategy to accomplish the goal and wise decision-makings for the welfare of your team which enhances your intellectual development and psychological development. The game could also possibly develop your emotional development as an axiom once said, "The more you get stronger, the more you get kinder." It only has one common goal and that is to destroy all defending towers of the opponents to possibly destroy their throne, but the beauty of it doesn't merely lie on accomplishing those, but also the clashes of your heroes in between small fights and the bond you had with the players that is. Its uniquely created and highly upgraded from its prerequisite, Defense of the Ancients (DotA) which made it a lot more catchy and addicting! From the doodads and props of the map, its terrains, its features, all of it is absolutely fascinating and intriguing! Makes you crave for more games every each other game. I just loved the game just as much as every DotA player do, so I made this review even though it's kinda nonsense just to test my knowledge of the game as well.
game-hours: 1172.9
review: Life.
game-hours: 233.5
review: A Racist game, i like it.
game-hours: 2901.2
review: :)
game-hours: 578.6
review: Good Games
game-hours: 4416.4
review: Heroes, heroes everywhere
game-hours: 883.1
review: rewrtertertertertert
game-hours: 724.4
review: Very good game to play with friends ;3
game-hours: 634.3
review: mantap boski
game-hours: 1590.6
review: Dota 2 is a multiplayer action/rpg/strategy rage filled competitive video game (remake of dota from warcraft3) that pits you and 4 others against 5 russians from EU west in a fight for cyrillic chat superiority. Choose your CHAMPION from a growing list of CHAMPS, each with their own set of overpowered abilities, level up , buy items and advance towards the enemy in order to destroy their base and fish in a fountain for the final 5minutes. all the while creating new friendships with your foreign bretheren who may give you endearing names such as  and noob. You are accompanied on your journey of keyboard rage by an ever lasting team of minions who will valiantly kamikaze themselves into enemy towers and heroes, whilst carrying with them a sack of gold which you must pillage from them once they have become bloody and battered enough to feel the merciful blow from their champion overlords. Once the battlefield is strewn with enough bloody carcasses of slain minions and foes you will become strong enough to destroy your enemies ancient building and most likely be rewarded with an epic treasure chest. And remember, if you're having fun playing dota2, you're playing it wrong!
game-hours: 589.7
review: An awesome game ... Well worth a try, one of the best I've ever played
game-hours: 2906.8
review: awesome game
game-hours: 2868.3
review: Testing
game-hours: 284.6
review: DOTA
game-hours: 2029.1
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 291.0
review: This game consumed my life and destroyed my relationships. 5 stars.
game-hours: 806.5
review: Very good game I ever play...
game-hours: 1480.6
review: awesome game..i think... :p
game-hours: 1898.2
review: FULL OF EPICNESSS!!!
game-hours: 1606.2
review: this game is very good . hope can play it some day
game-hours: 3949.5
review: This game has been runing my lfie since past 6 years.. It is so addictive.. it is like doing drugs.. I wears off all of your stress and brings you the world of doto.. And just by playing this game, i learnt many swear languages.. esp Russian and Pinoy.. And i was not racistt until i started playing with game with russian and pinoys..
game-hours: 832.5
review: This the best game i ever played
game-hours: 2032.8
review: this is the game i would have played for life nice game best MOBA EVER!
game-hours: 2072.1
review: oops
game-hours: 435.4
review: I love this game....
game-hours: 1060.7
review: hi
game-hours: 2527.7
review: Best Game Ever :)))))))))
game-hours: 1098.6
review: awsome
game-hours: 705.3
review: Why i can't trade in dota2? I already enable the steam guard but nothing happens and cant trade.. please help.. :( Tnx
game-hours: 3862.1
review: If a good movie costs about $20 bucks for a few hours of enjoyment and you feel its money well spent, than don't hesitate to install Dota 2. It's free and I've logged more hours than I would like to admit. I have had the game since it was in early beta and I continue to play it on a daily basis. If you like games that require teamwork and skill such as Counter Strike, and you want something thats not a FPS than get this game. 10/10
game-hours: 718.4
review: nice game!
game-hours: 942.4
review: bb
game-hours: 777.3
review: Aku Ganteng
game-hours: 834.9
review: This Game is AWESOME
game-hours: 668.9
review: If you don't like Dota 2,  you.
game-hours: 1593.4
review: Great game to play if you have time. Let's face it, you have time. All you do is sit on the computer all day and masturbate to beastiality and gay porn
game-hours: 239.9
review: I Like This Game
game-hours: 5331.3
review: addicted
game-hours: 967.5
review: Awesome
game-hours: 615.8
review: good job
game-hours: 1011.9
review: This game is amazing. Every time i played it always different play style and strategy. Every element inside the game also brilliant: Dynamic day and night, dynamic fog of war, etc. Each heroes is unlocked free and we can buy cosmetic item and no item increase heroes power inside the game and it make the game balance. Each hero also have his own rules and gameplay. nice. very recommended. ^^
game-hours: 849.4
review: Aman gan...
game-hours: 799.8
review: Best Strategy Game Ever ! :D Had hundred of hours playing with Friends !
game-hours: 3226.6
review: GREAT GAME EVER
game-hours: 1736.2
review: nice good
game-hours: 2294.8
review: good.
game-hours: 6119.2
review: i like this :3
game-hours: 765.3
review: Amazing game. Distracts me of troubles everywhere and anytime.
game-hours: 1234.3
review: zzz
game-hours: 1398.7
review: best!
game-hours: 380.4
review: good game & hav fun
game-hours: 398.1
review: Excellent game. After playing the first (and best) DOTA, LoL, HoN and a few other MOBAs, I found this one to be the best. Not only is it the incredible graphics, intense gameplay or the classic feel of old DOTA, but the online gameplay is incredible. The only problem I had with this game was the amount of updates and the fact that other countries choose to play where they will not be best, such as Russians playing in the South African server, not that I am complaining, that is just my opinion. PROs: - Excellent Gameplay - Great graphics - Classic feel - Simple use - Kept old DOTA's characters, gameplay and items CONS: - Not a great matchmaking system - 5-10minutes inbetween matches - Too many updates - Updates are too large All Round: A great game which I have been addicted to for the past month.
game-hours: 1827.7
review: Nice game
game-hours: 1286.8
review: best game ever
game-hours: 619.4
review: recommended game
game-hours: 159.8
review: Mantap
game-hours: 1549.1
review: :)
game-hours: 1414.6
review: good game
game-hours: 1562.9
review: A Great game for learning what teamwork is.
game-hours: 1426.8
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1055.6
review: Been playing Dota since Warcraft 3 days.. Its definitely one of the greatest games of all time. Its extremely fun to play, can be competitive in ranked games, or casual in ability draft messing around games. Best part, its free to play! Definitely a game for most gamers!
game-hours: 2035.3
review: Deliciante!!!
game-hours: 2987.4
review: Cool !
game-hours: 1062.3
review: OP
game-hours: 1483.1
review: Imho the most entertaining game on steam, not that I intend to start a war with Jad over this vs TF2 :P
game-hours: 1327.8
review: t's super fun when playing with friends
game-hours: 2453.7
review: appearently everyone has ed my mother
game-hours: 3103.9
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 916.5
review: Dota is the best MOBA game compared to LOL and HON
game-hours: 1700.0
review: 10/10 best game ruined my life
game-hours: 3226.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 1308.2
review: This game is trash.
game-hours: 1701.2
review: goooooooooooooooood
game-hours: 110.7
review: The best MOBA I've ever played!
game-hours: 814.7
review: yeah
game-hours: 2163.5
review: Awesomeness
game-hours: 1106.1
review: nice game very addictive
game-hours: 1552.6
review: its a best game i've ever played
game-hours: 575.5
review: Good game
game-hours: 336.1
review: relly good game
game-hours: 0.6
review: fckng nice game luv <3 it
game-hours: 1681.0
review: This is the best multiplayer game that I have ever played.The developers of the game always keep in touch with the players and ask for feedback on the game and also make improvements based on that suggestions. I recommend to play this game.
game-hours: 801.0
review: best game in the world
game-hours: 1128.3
review: nc game
game-hours: 938.7
review: I love this game very much
game-hours: 2547.0
review: the best game ever, after Dota 1
game-hours: 2284.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 1413.6
review: Amazing graphic,gameplay,chararacters and fantastic! 8/10
game-hours: 418.2
review: Dota 2 is the evolution of Dota 1 Fun to play many heroes and items to customized Im in love with Dota 2 <3
game-hours: 72.0
review: Recommended!
game-hours: 243.2
review: My Time Is Play Dota
game-hours: 324.0
review: warcraf 3:D
game-hours: 1140.4
review: Nice Game Keep It Up :D
game-hours: 291.5
review: This is a great and legendary game you can play for hours without boring.This game is better than LoL(League of Legends). You should download Dota 2 and enter its world.Dota 2 is my favourite game.t is also the most popular game in F2P catagorie. Try and don't miss it.You will be pleased.I assure you that you will enjoy playing this game.
game-hours: 646.6
review: Very good game :) there's somethin for every one in it :P
game-hours: 269.8
review: that is all
game-hours: 2518.1
review: best game onthe damn market
game-hours: 928.1
review: The classic is reborn, like a pheonix bursting out from the flames. The excellent game we all love, just better than ever. Tough community, tough learning curve, excellent team game. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 999.1
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 823.5
review: this game is so fanny
game-hours: 233.3
review: good game
game-hours: 887.9
review: Best Game :D
game-hours: 41.4
review: epic game
game-hours: 2151.4
review: only for fun
game-hours: 1987.6
review: awesome
game-hours: 1378.0
review: review para di ma zero sa test hahahah
game-hours: 56.3
review: Best tool to learn a languages!
game-hours: 876.8
review: a really great game
game-hours: 947.3
review: Nc game try it.
game-hours: 1826.4
review: great game !!
game-hours: 553.7
review: is good game i like
game-hours: 1850.7
review: Nice game and every battle we learn how to win
game-hours: 22.5
review: Well Dota 2... HAPPY BIRD DAY HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHEHEHHHEHEHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHAHDHADHDAHDHAHHHAHEHWHEFQWOFHQWPFEUHQWPFIUQWHFEPQWIFHPQWIFUH
game-hours: 3795.9
review: best game in the world
game-hours: 1487.9
review: Balance hero and the item , best moba ever !!!
game-hours: 3168.6
review: alah game bagus
game-hours: 1277.8
review: Stop reading this summary, ya fool! PLAY SOME DOTA 2 KID!
game-hours: 82.5
review: Is Good of MOBA
game-hours: 550.4
review: Good game.
game-hours: 1559.5
review: good game to play with friends
game-hours: 1403.9
review: The Legend Game
game-hours: 18.7
review: MOBA'nn atas DotA'y oynamamak olmaz :D
game-hours: 259.3
review: very nice game u must play it
game-hours: 2837.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1801.7
review: this is very awesome and excited games for me and for those everyone who play this.
game-hours: 672.3
review: come on guys lets play dota 2
game-hours: 2090.5
review: D2 FTW!
game-hours: 699.5
review: Very enjoyable game, especially with friends, GREAT community
game-hours: 58.0
review: EFC CAST GAMING //Sure
game-hours: 988.6
review: The best game ever. Simple, easy to understand, The most important, that dota2 is never ending game with some unique features in every game you play.
game-hours: 296.2
review: my drug
game-hours: 106.2
review: this game is awesome
game-hours: 36.1
review: The waiting times are atrocious due to the lack of a server browser. The community seems to consist of only people who take the game too seriously or people who are so inept they don't even know what wards are. The camera doesn't zoom out far enough. The artstyle is boring. There's only one map. Actual player involvement feels minimal. It's an "e-sport". It's rife with griefing potential. It's boring.
game-hours: 1146.9
review: Dey gone with dagon >:) +rep too many russians though
game-hours: 3557.1
review: g
game-hours: 2666.0
review: Great Game
game-hours: 37.1
review: gud game
game-hours: 3946.7
review: Nice game ever
game-hours: 502.0
review: It's pretty awesome.
game-hours: 2029.0
review: This game is totally awesome! No doubt. The only problem is because of it's too awesomeness, unexpected number of new bloods come into this games which makes the game a bit laggy occassionally, nevertheless, they can come up with a solution. Kudos volvo and your partners in making this game. Not to mention the Dota 1 in blizzard ^^.
game-hours: 1274.9
review: Dota 2 is very much better than Legend of League in many ways. It was able to host tournament, associated with Steam, friends, etc. It's just that it's an unique game or even more special. It give me more efforts to continue playing because it's too fun. Able to practice with bots for private EVEN able to invite your friends to practice with bots. Have a team to create like guild or clan. Have different rules for the game or to create game. Always meet different players with different personality that might be interesting to know what different human made of. Build teamwork, communicate, and stuff like that. Oh and it have so many characters to use and it have different items for character like skins or others. Background changes. HUD skins. Everything it have. Ever if you need something, it's always there (; PLAY DOTA 2!
game-hours: 1010.2
review: riki ss gde wardi uebak?
game-hours: 1459.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1252.9
review: fabulous
game-hours: 1378.3
review: Worth Playing
game-hours: 2211.4
review: Great game
game-hours: 231.9
review: dsg
game-hours: 1603.6
review: GOOD TO PLAY
game-hours: 462.0
review: Nice
game-hours: 16.4
review: DOTTA 2 IS THE GAME FOR YOUI IF YOU ARE ONE OF THOS EGAMER POEPLES THAT GPLAY GAMES LILKE LOEAGY LEGENDS ITS A FUKN FUN Y GAME EREALLYL AND IF YOU EV ER PLAY TE GAME SLIKE SUPER MARIO BROS AND DDID THET SUPER MARIUO BROSS JUMP THEN YOU MIGHT BE FIT FOR THSI EXRTEWME GAMEING EXPERUIENCE. MARIO BTIOHER IOUYT
game-hours: 1271.6
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 559.4
review: Nice!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 686.3
review: yeah
game-hours: 4394.7
review: GG!
game-hours: 60.9
review: 10/10 would bang again!
game-hours: 554.1
review: Got rid of my cancer. 10/10 would bang.
game-hours: 1765.8
review: Cool Game ever!
game-hours: 3952.3
review: gg
game-hours: 373.0
review: I like THE GRAPICHS I REALYY LIKE THIS GAME
game-hours: 2.6
review: Great game
game-hours: 127.8
review: Best game I have played on steam so far i highly recommend u guys try it out and see for yourself & its FTP (Free To Play :D) & I Highly Think u Should choose (Lycan) ... <3 Valve
game-hours: 320.9
review: very addictive game...
game-hours: 1517.2
review: yahoooo!
game-hours: 88.1
review: ITS LIKE DOTA BUT 2
game-hours: 1349.0
review: Good Game
game-hours: 2527.8
review: aaa
game-hours: 884.1
review: Taught me how to speak spanish and russian. very good game
game-hours: 736.2
review: qwertyuiop[]
game-hours: 2520.9
review: The best game :)
game-hours: 440.4
review: its good
game-hours: 862.3
review: !   !
game-hours: 747.9
review: +++
game-hours: 2416.3
review: 0/10
game-hours: 1197.4
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 2872.3
review: sooooooooo many hours spent playing this game.
game-hours: 568.0
review: I love this game:D
game-hours: 778.8
review: Best MOBA ever!
game-hours: 1152.7
review: Learn how to swear in Russian and several other languages in the very diverse and tolerant gaming community that Dota 2 posseses. You will learn how to pick fault with minute aspects of another persons play style just because they have annoyed you in chat, and repeatedly chant 'report pls' against somebody who doesnt help you solo the whole enemy team. You will be suprised by the proportions of Russian-speaking-only people living in in Western Europe and North America. This game nurtures a hate of Russian and generally non-English speaking people and enables you to make racist and bigoted comments to people you bear no prejudice against what-so-ever. So addictive. Must play!
game-hours: 779.8
review: dota 2, best game ever !
game-hours: 843.7
review: The only game where I see a russian on an South East Asian server. 10/10
game-hours: 2618.5
review: Once you understand the basics of the gameplay it is a highly enjoyable game. I can't think of a game as much fun to play with friends, except maybe StarCraft. If you play LoL I would recommend switch to DOTA so you can play a MOBA that needs a bit of skill.
game-hours: 329.4
review: good
game-hours: 1755.7
review: good game good job
game-hours: 800.4
review: i Like
game-hours: 1261.2
review: bad game I hate it.
game-hours: 1790.2
review: Worth trying! Continuation of classic old and great W3 mod.
game-hours: 797.2
review: This game is very challenging and requires intelligence choose items that fit as well as team collaboration to determine how to defeat the enemy's tactics. I really like this game so much
game-hours: 526.0
review: blyat 11/10
game-hours: 668.7
review: In this game you will know what is the meaning of A TEAM, and the definition of the NOOB. . .
game-hours: 1617.3
review: best  ever
game-hours: 35.5
review: dotA 2 is a really good game that I do enjoy playing everyonece and a while. I usally on play with bots mainly because I get my butt kicked when I try to play with people. I'm still practicing to get that W but so far only bots :(. But great game 8/10
game-hours: 12.4
review: You die if you die
game-hours: 1853.9
review: nice
game-hours: 1613.4
review: come LObbbY
game-hours: 389.9
review: like this game, free to play not pay for to can pick hero.
game-hours: 1233.5
review: Amazing just don't feed the trolls..
game-hours: 1941.6
review: dota 1 replacer ;)
game-hours: 455.9
review: good
game-hours: 5222.1
review: This game is mostly for hardcore gamer , casual can have fun but it takes somes times to learn the game , you need to be patient because people take this game seriously and sometime trashtalk.A game with a lot of strategy , in picks , and it is a good team playing game, you really need to work together in order to win.
game-hours: 1252.5
review: takes skill unlike League of Mongoloids
game-hours: 35.0
review: ADDICTIVE!
game-hours: 2316.2
review: never gets boring. non stop learning. 50% percent of players are nice. so many events to join to. addicting game. so many items.
game-hours: 950.2
review: dota 2 is really good plss add some animations and ihope they would create a dota 2 movie
game-hours: 1845.5
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 1138.1
review: good game
game-hours: 579.7
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1890.0
review: awesomeeeee xDDDDDD
game-hours: 108.3
review: Greatest multiplayer game in the world. Period.
game-hours: 1638.6
review: Great game, cant believe its free
game-hours: 1150.3
review: Dota 2 has got the be the world greatest game. And it's free! On top of it being free it also doesn't follow the 'Free to play but Pay to win' kind of thinking, but instead follows the team fortress 'Free to play and pay to look better'. This game is all about skill and teamwork, so there's no possibities of cheating or getting smashed by those who empty their banks into this game as that's not at all how it works. You also can practise against bots with bots, or online against bots of a range of difficulties. This is great for begginers to actually figure out how to play, find a hero that's best for them and understand the whole workings of the game. Even if you're not new it is still a magnificent feature for strategy practise and to play with heroes you've never played before to see what they're like without getting killed a lot by those online. The games community is great, with minor exceptions. And is an easy way to learn other languages as people from all over the world play. only bad side is for begginers it's a big learning curve, loads of heroes to choose from with all different attributes, abilities and styles, plus the shop. But at least you have vs bots to practise so it doesn't matter.
game-hours: 26.9
review: <3
game-hours: 592.2
review: soo good game ever!!!!
game-hours: 2871.2
review: This game really ed my life really hard since i was 18 when garena launched the Dota Online Then when I install the Dota 2, this tard continue ruining my life I play this game with my cat, now it is a lion
game-hours: 1470.6
review: This is amazing game for everyone to play !!!
game-hours: 3431.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 1052.1
review: Best game
game-hours: 2719.7
review: Ruined my life. Can't find the jump button. 10/10 would buy again.
game-hours: 1779.5
review: i recommend this game to all the girls in the world :D
game-hours: 1437.3
review: Great!
game-hours: 1133.9
review: Valve this game is fun and all but there is this bug that me and my friends get disconnected in some point of every game...You have to fix it! But its still a fun game
game-hours: 924.5
review: Best game ever Best game ever Best game everBest game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever Best game ever
game-hours: 3904.0
review: good stuff!
game-hours: 2133.2
review: Pedazo de juego y mejor si se juega en grupo con amigos, muy adictivo No te das ni cuenta cuando ya son las 5 de la madrugada...a diferencia de League of Legends este tiene mayor grado de dificultad.
game-hours: 804.2
review: good game
game-hours: 1136.2
review: It's like chess, only with more queens.
game-hours: 1573.9
review: noob game
game-hours: 3684.4
review: best of doto
game-hours: 1052.5
review: Make sure to put English as your wanted language and go on EU west to meet the most classy Russian people in the world ; Serious note one of the best games i've ever played and the only i feel compelled to make sure i play
game-hours: 2163.1
review: Dota 2 GOTY Edition mb lol!!
game-hours: 1094.6
review: This game will break you, one match at a time. 10/10
game-hours: 109.2
review: Nice Game :D
game-hours: 754.3
review: Nice gane. Thanks btw for the addicting 0.0
game-hours: 410.2
review: this game is awesome
game-hours: 965.7
review: +rep gg thanks
game-hours: 2394.5
review: This is my favorite game. Learn to play hard or go home.
game-hours: 2555.3
review: A well deserved Sequel to the original DotA! 9/10
game-hours: 1467.1
review: abc
game-hours: 1532.3
review: Nothing better than this
game-hours: 1893.4
review: wow i love this game
game-hours: 442.8
review: Dope Game !! Recommended
game-hours: 581.1
review: this game is lot of fun :) i like it!
game-hours: 2744.7
review: It's Doto 2! Why not?
game-hours: 1623.4
review: great Game ever played
game-hours: 853.2
review: !!
game-hours: 1386.5
review: "Very Nice Games Ever" ^_^
game-hours: 1385.8
review: rate 9/10 (players ready)
game-hours: 644.1
review: Do not call yourself as a "gamer" if you never play this game !
game-hours: 2566.0
review: It's fantastic to play Dota2. The Best Arena-Mode 5vs5 RTS Game ever.
game-hours: 1501.2
review: A very nice game from dota 1!!!
game-hours: 967.4
review: nice.
game-hours: 1281.1
review: This is my life
game-hours: 1851.4
review: so good game
game-hours: 2002.9
review: Insane fun. Requires some time.
game-hours: 971.0
review: +
game-hours: 1831.7
review: This game taught me how Americans felt about Russians during the Cold War.
game-hours: 1177.3
review: ?
game-hours: 2550.1
review: Run in to many asshats, but the good games make it worth the pain. Incredible when a game goes right.
game-hours: 24.9
review: Best spectating game ever.  get's intense and you have no idea what's going on, but so much is going on that you know someone is getting ed up. 10/10 would watch another game and not actually play.
game-hours: 120.9
review: A little tough at the beginning but such a fun and engaging game! 10/10
game-hours: 799.0
review: learnt russian in a day 10/10
game-hours: 6.5
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 801.6
review: maxiiiiim
game-hours: 1238.5
review: Amazing game. It's basicly an advanced and more fun version of League of Lesbians. Enjoy your stay!
game-hours: 7.3
review: i cri evrtiem i play dis gaem so gud
game-hours: 2158.6
review: hello frnds
game-hours: 553.5
review: THe best game ever
game-hours: 3210.6
review: this game so good , play team and show all skill :)
game-hours: 3201.1
review: I think DOTA 2 is the best game for competitive gameplay and its not so easy to play.when u learn the game strategy u will winn the game...!
game-hours: 633.0
review: :x
game-hours: 298.6
review: The Best Strategy game
game-hours: 1922.9
review: I love to play dota it an realy nice game <3
game-hours: 1175.4
review: Great gameplay fun to play with and the sets are just great !! Also it is a nice startegy game to play with .
game-hours: 420.9
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 2480.0
review: nice
game-hours: 2011.7
review: good
game-hours: 23.2
review: I love it :)
game-hours: 23.5
review: ers tongue my .
game-hours: 2735.4
review: Best game i've ever played !!!
game-hours: 199.4
review: This game is better than LoL. If you play LoL, you are dumb.
game-hours: 2724.6
review: its like Dota 1 but better
game-hours: 1037.7
review: meh, worth spending a couple hours.
game-hours: 171.9
review: useless
game-hours: 610.5
review: good
game-hours: 1443.9
review: Nice game. Addicted to it. LoL. :D
game-hours: 212.6
review: GG!!
game-hours: 4.6
review: .....
game-hours: 343.3
review: ggwp
game-hours: 2786.7
review: Not a bad game.
game-hours: 25.1
review: Is a good game if you're Russian.
game-hours: 0.5
review: A very addicting game. Though the community can make it frustrating at times.
game-hours: 7.7
review: There is no Techies but it's fine
game-hours: 1482.9
review: sh!t
game-hours: 1474.1
review: This is an awesome game. Wkwkwkwk
game-hours: 21.3
review: love that
game-hours: 2138.1
review: excelent!
game-hours: 222.6
review: Good game, though i dont play it that much, i would recommend it for any MOBA player out there. After all its a test of skill really.
game-hours: 2165.7
review: Literally almost ruined my life. Give it a try if you want that.
game-hours: 365.9
review: This game is good stuff.
game-hours: 1092.8
review: Adictivo :3
game-hours: 3098.5
review: What a game
game-hours: 2216.8
review: the reason why you download steam is to play this game :D
game-hours: 214.2
review: Very fun game, meepo is best.
game-hours: 1838.9
review: Suitable for any ages especially youth
game-hours: 1679.6
review: Hours of fun, made majority of people rascist towards others who doesn't speak english, and causes alot of stress looking at your team.
game-hours: 1943.1
review: 'DA BEST GAME EVA!
game-hours: 1611.0
review: ing Awesome and Addictive Game!!
game-hours: 807.8
review: good
game-hours: 3089.0
review: the best games
game-hours: 1340.4
review: best e sport game so far
game-hours: 166.4
review: I love DotA 2 but i alive by trading !
game-hours: 770.0
review: Really good game
game-hours: 3852.6
review: One Player vs Mother Russia :(
game-hours: 0.4
review: OMG what is it
game-hours: 461.9
review: my favorite game :*
game-hours: 1359.0
review: great game
game-hours: 1108.0
review: good
game-hours: 1542.2
review: this is ing awesomeawdawdawdawdaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
game-hours: 1261.9
review: awesome strategy game ever :D
game-hours: 200.8
review: elow
game-hours: 1939.6
review: thanks valve for completing the dota 1 version
game-hours: 927.8
review: I've played an unhealthy amount of Dota 2 in the past few months. It's an ever-growing e-Sport, with the community funded International 4 prize pool reaching incredible heights. Fun to play with friends.
game-hours: 2106.9
review: Great game from steam. Totaly different from dota 1 and this creates a whole new arena of battle. Thumbs up steam
game-hours: 2.5
review: Not for naught is it regarded as one of the most difficult games to learn in
game-hours: 2596.9
review: . With a huge learning curve, there is something new to learn almost everyday. But once you get a hold of the game, there is nothing more interesting amd exciting than a close game of dota. Warning : tooooo addictive. To sum it up: epic game..... GG EZ....
game-hours: 1380.9
review: A game Russians need, but not one they deserve.
game-hours: 1462.0
review: Filthy Mirana pickers...
game-hours: 712.8
review: Very well designed game mechanics
game-hours: 3738.6
review: best game
game-hours: 444.2
review: this game ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 606.2
review: Cool
game-hours: 268.5
review: When I first played this game I was questioning if I would ever get good. After a few games with friends I found out I loved this game! Dota 2 has changed my life in a wonderful way. I don't cry myself to sleep every night anymore. This game has finally given me a purpose in life. Currently I am a Meepo main at 6900 mmr. This game is a must play, I love it so much! 9.8/10
game-hours: 417.4
review: sdgaashbaegcAQSF JONL;ASDMFCK;JDVAKDFEOGPMMZ,MZRSGRGJLMV;MDGVKASDOIASPKmvkvsig0jspogmas4 dfbudsklnbgleiwoeirgbenblknbskfnbidfgewrngenwsan
game-hours: 436.5
review: Play it now
game-hours: 355.4
review: good
game-hours: 3230.3
review: good game
game-hours: 1925.9
review: Nice game
game-hours: 449.0
review: recommend
game-hours: 1291.7
review: i only play this game on steam. all other game, i pirate it. :)
game-hours: 169.2
review: GREAT game
game-hours: 1321.2
review: OH YEAH!
game-hours: 1745.6
review: Great game , you can learn russian quick ;) Suggest you to play it!
game-hours: 2.3
review: This is literally the most boring, soul draining game I've ever played. How is it so popular?
game-hours: 3440.2
review: COme on ~
game-hours: 2020.0
review: Let's start with the fact that in this game about a hundred heroes and about the same subjects. To win the game need a strategy that will exceed opponent's strategy. Overall I love this game and I advise everyone to play it.
game-hours: 22.6
review: O_O
game-hours: 1986.3
review: Greatest moba in the world
game-hours: 1218.9
review: Well, I liek dis gejm
game-hours: 1304.9
review: JUST AMAZING ANDIM THE BEST IN THIS msi gaming baby! LEGGGOOO!
game-hours: 1502.9
review: ,      .    .
game-hours: 1813.8
review: More addictive than crack.
game-hours: 2601.8
review: If you havent played this game, you are missing out!
game-hours: 8.4
review: Good Game with Bad People.
game-hours: 2799.3
review: imba
game-hours: 484.5
review: this will ruin your life in the best way possible Kappa
game-hours: 18.4
review: not noob friendly at all but i found a guide and now im ok very fun once you get into it guide here:
game-hours: 1000.5
review: GOOD GAME NO NOOBS ALLOWED
game-hours: 142.9
review: dota is way better than league!!!
game-hours: 2.6
review: This game sux
game-hours: 961.2
review: This game is a great way to turn yourself into a intolerant racist !!! I recomend. 8164137848137513241348123564812 / 10
game-hours: 3035.3
review: awesome game ever haha
game-hours: 2961.7
review: Great game reason why -drop two subject and fail exams -great in killing time -great if you do not know english you can learn here -everyboby is very kind and gives you what you want -one cant simply play it for a day need like years trust me, it ruined me
game-hours: 109.4
review: I was really suprised at how polished and well done this game is, the gameplay is perfectly balanced while the technological aspect of the game is just astounding and I specially love the voice-acting in this game, for example if you say "lol" or "ty" your hero will actually laugh or say "thank you"
game-hours: 3.5
review: This game needs more hats. Until more are implemented I will stick with Team Fortress 2. The ultimate hat simulator.
game-hours: 2954.1
review: DOTA 2 has a really steep learning curve if you aren't familiar with other tower defense style games, which is discouraging initially. However it becomes very addicting once you've learned the vast system of items and characters that give the game great depth and replay value. I highly recommend playing cooperatively with experienced friends as it is a very team oriented play scenario and it will help you find your niche. There are so many characters and ways to play each of them that there is somebody for every personality. One drawback is that there is only one map, which gets monotonous. It is a very well devised map, however! Share
game-hours: 1912.5
review: Best game, everrrr!
game-hours: 2339.5
review: sure. plis watch
game-hours: 1277.1
review: Great Game.. Great Clash.. Great Heroes.. Very Nice Map
game-hours: 288.6
review: hujeta
game-hours: 790.5
review: d
game-hours: 1659.1
review: game bagus yg pernah saya mainkan
game-hours: 4743.3
review: very good
game-hours: 939.0
review: Orayt !
game-hours: 29.1
review: ...
game-hours: 1319.0
review: Worth it!
game-hours: 1537.5
review: The bots on Ability Draft is killing the game!! Please remove them!!! we dont want to play against them so we quit the game and add to our abandon...
game-hours: 1198.6
review: i like dota 2 :)
game-hours: 1595.5
review: review
game-hours: 2381.1
review: Doto is good game.
game-hours: 695.4
review: A very addicting and fun game to play with friends! A game where you can meet new friends and enhance your communication and teamwork skills. Good gameplay and graphics, good effects and animations.
game-hours: 1496.8
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 212.6
review: A nice and fun free-to-play game. Recommended if you have thick enough skin to handle one of the gaming worlds worst community though.
game-hours: 8.9
review: i am still a noob>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>:plane:<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
game-hours: 5707.2
review: T________T Dota 2 so hard!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 3398.2
review: The game is fun. There is no doubt about that. It is fun and frustrating at the same time. You have to work as a team. You and you alone aren't going to decide the outcome of a match. Unfortunately, it seems to have most of the same trappings as Valve's other F2P game, Team Fortress 2. The items introduced into the game have little to no quality control. Thankfully, we have yet to see items that affect the stats of the characters themselves. Dota 2 is one of the best MOBAs in the genre, but far from the most popular. Dota 2 allows you to play all of the heroes that the game offers without spending antyhing, but similar games only allow you to play a small, rotation free hero pool. You must then purchase the each hero individuall with in-game currency or real money. Dota 2 is far better in this sense. Dota 2 also seems to be a bit more high-level than other games in the same genre. This can be both good and bad as it allows for you to reach a higher skill ceiling, but it can be discouraging to new players. The community can be vile and the punishments for "leaving" a game are strict. If you have connection problems or have other commitments that won't allow you to spend updwards of an hour at the computer, I don't think that this is something you could enjoy. Since it is free, I'd recommend you pick it up and give it a try. I will update this review to be more in-depth at a later time.
game-hours: 1598.0
review: Nice
game-hours: 1619.8
review: Wow these other top reviews lol. You will play against or with people who don't speak english but for the most part they are ok, minus the yelling in the mic. This may be the single most addictive game I've ever played and I just think that if you don't at least try it for a few rounds you're missing out. Easily the best free game available on STEAM and by far the most complex. Easy to learn hard to master anyone? Just focus on last hitting creeps and you will be fine. :)
game-hours: 598.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 709.6
review: this game is so great. Needed the combination of strategy, teamworks, skills, and solo ability. it's make the game so interesting. Besides that the hero pool is so many and every heroes have different skills that we must understand and mastered before we use a hero. Knowledge is important to play this game not only righ clicking the enemy but also using your intelegent for make enemy's team down without cause losing the teammates.
game-hours: 863.3
review: Best Moba games ever ! Daebak!
game-hours: 402.3
review: Steam should be 'Paradise' for Gamer....
game-hours: 1774.9
review: Best game ever!!!
game-hours: 506.5
review: Best way to waste your time and your life. Could made even the nicest person to become the biggest As*hole in the universe. 10/10
game-hours: 4900.5
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 1953.4
review: The father of and the best of the genre ! DOTA 2 is the best !
game-hours: 470.6
review: NICE GAME
game-hours: 291.0
review: El Mejor MOBA que existe
game-hours: 932.3
review: good
game-hours: 3945.4
review: Nice game btw..
game-hours: 1762.1
review: most playfull game in the world :D
game-hours: 922.5
review: good game for people,but needed to train hard
game-hours: 1049.5
review: Each match of Dota 2 is independent and involves two teams, both containing five players and each occupying a stronghold at either end of the map. Located in each stronghold is a building called the "Ancient"; to win, a team must destroy the enemy's Ancient. Each player controls a "Hero" character and focuses on leveling up, collecting gold, acquiring items and fighting against the other team to achieve victory. Overall, this game is a very intense and full of war occurrences, spell caster, magic and physical damage, even the absolutely stunning built-up for every each heroes. This game, Dota 2, is the best multi-player game available on the market yet...!
game-hours: 1027.7
review: z
game-hours: 970.7
review: very good game
game-hours: 928.5
review: Great Competitve game Better MOBA then most And it's Fun and easy to enjoy
game-hours: 4324.7
review: 5v5 best game help forget about pain
game-hours: 2898.2
review: wow nice
game-hours: 19.6
review: meh
game-hours: 74.9
review: Great gameplay that not much different from the old one, greater graphic (of course), and easier keyboard uses!:D
game-hours: 1334.0
review: niceeeeeeeee
game-hours: 777.5
review: Look back from Dota 1 / Warcraft 3 Frozen Throne, Dota 2 have more improve w/ new look UI, feature and so on. hope make better as long as we still play :p haha
game-hours: 442.9
review: so cool
game-hours: 2371.0
review: better than dota 1
game-hours: 1195.5
review: Awesome
game-hours: 168.2
review: I just can say.. Nice game !!!
game-hours: 38.3
review: nmice
game-hours: 778.7
review: Someone called me a nerd once my mom won't let me play anymore
game-hours: 1509.2
review: DOta Ownes :)
game-hours: 2084.3
review: nce
game-hours: 1739.2
review: Destroyed Lives Ruined friendships Making me fail school Made me racist 10/10
game-hours: 2200.3
review: It's a great game to enjoy with friends or to play alone. You will always learn something from it.
game-hours: 1665.7
review: If you want to play a game of the MOBA. I recommend this because it was the first game I've ever played for a long time. Since I played, I like the skill balance of it. It's not over too much like another game of the MOBA. It actually is original of those games.
game-hours: 2443.6
review: TO`P
game-hours: 1678.7
review: One of the best games ever gud job volvo :)
game-hours: 1575.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 700.4
review: Don't get me wrong Dota 2 is a great game, however when you start playing this game you will be beaten with cludgels the size of The empire state. As you play somewhat 20 hours of it you start to figure out how ot actually play. It is heavily rewarding and enables you to enjoy yourself alot more. It takes skill and intelligence to play well and you always learn new things. There are so many phases of skill you go through, this being said as you get constantly better you change in the way you play, you think faster and your reaction time decreases. Its one of those things you do not realise unless you review how you have played. Also i recommend not playing this list of heroes as they require no skill to play and are exceptionally over powered: Sniper ..... his ult is op aswell as his range. Ursa ..... applies fury swipes to target (increases damage done to target after every consecutive hit) Drow ranger ..... Slows you like seriously 50% slow on hit of a maxed out frost arrow. Riki ..... Permenant invis, you get used to being safe while invis but beware if someone actually knows how to play dota they will buy wards or a gem of true sight and then you will be useless Viper .... slows you even more than drow axe .... just is generally op Don't play them as you feel amazing when you do well with them then again they take no skill to play, should be nerfed. League of Losers is easier than dota but less rewarding! One of the best games on steam.
game-hours: 624.9
review: Great experience...
game-hours: 2088.0
review: I Love DOTA2.....
game-hours: 911.5
review: This Game Is Really Perfect
game-hours: 1703.9
review: 10/10 ruined my life
game-hours: 1404.2
review: This game is most wonderful game that i ever played ! Nice Game Valve and from this game, i've learned more languange haha
game-hours: 3083.5
review: Very gamey
game-hours: 2612.2
review: . . . ... . . . . . . . . ..
game-hours: 973.7
review: After 10 Years this game is still fun...Most of the time. Also with the built in language learning software, and patience adjuster...You will be a grown human after taking this Titan of a Title on! Viva DOTA! DEUCE!
game-hours: 181.7
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 2314.4
review: Try out!
game-hours: 1776.3
review: best game ever~!
game-hours: 4653.0
review: nice
game-hours: 646.1
review: An Epic Game , Just Need Some Edit , And It Will Be PERFECT !
game-hours: 681.7
review: LoL
game-hours: 2382.3
review: hehe
game-hours: 2326.8
review: SUPREME
game-hours: 2092.4
review: Best Game Ever!!!!
game-hours: 583.4
review: nice
game-hours: 2137.5
review: Dota2=DotaTwo=DoTo :)
game-hours: 827.6
review: This game is awesome. Seriously nice graphics
game-hours: 612.5
review: good game moba !
game-hours: 1.8
review: One Of The Best MOBA Game Ever !
game-hours: 5513.7
review: nice game !! everyday new challenges
game-hours: 1119.7
review: The best games for ever
game-hours: 1843.4
review: Awesome Game
game-hours: 3921.2
review: good!
game-hours: 2000.7
review: Like
game-hours: 840.0
review: addicting and it may ruin your life but every second you play it will be a blast!!!
game-hours: 2928.6
review: awesome game :D
game-hours: 755.2
review: This game will improve the creative thingking of the gamer and also their teamwork.
game-hours: 435.7
review: After two years in beta and now that it is officially released, this game is leagues better than any other ARTS / MOBA out there (pun intended). There are now a number of tutorials for new players, as well as Limited Heroes and All Random game modes. Dota 2 is really free-to-play, the items in the store are cosmetic only, and every game starts on a level playing field. If you play any Dota-likes but haven't played this yet, you definitely should!
game-hours: 849.0
review: This so ing damage
game-hours: 3149.4
review: nice
game-hours: 1203.1
review: Great game!
game-hours: 4.8
review: Dota 2 is an amazing game, its beautifully designed and its perfect for strategic players, if you're interested in crazy action with working with team mates then you'll love Dota 2.
game-hours: 617.9
review: I get to learn a new foreign language for free 10/10
game-hours: 861.2
review: this game is addicting! i never played Dota before and friend of mine tell me to play this game,Dota 2. after spent an hours,now i'm really hooked with this game! really recommended!
game-hours: 3998.3
review: loko demais
game-hours: 1160.2
review: Fantastic! a must try for anyone who enjoys RPG and/or strategy!
game-hours: 674.3
review: Nice game
game-hours: 4020.8
review: this is an extraordinarially awesome game cant express in words just beautifull job guyz
game-hours: 1197.6
review: wew
game-hours: 544.2
review: dota 2 is the best game that you guys need to play!
game-hours: 5329.9
review: recomended game -_-
game-hours: 815.0
review: This game is usally fun but sometimes you run into "That Guy", He is the guy who no one wants to run into
game-hours: 1502.1
review: this game is mind blowing + awesome + unstopable + beyond stoable = dota 2
game-hours: 1105.6
review: THIS ING  IS A  WHICH POOPS THAT I PLAY THIS  GAME  IT.
game-hours: 1440.5
review: :D
game-hours: 511.1
review: Thanks volvo! I had a test coming up in my Russian II class this semester and your product has brushed me up on the finer points of  BLYAT PIZDET IDDI NAHUI  CYKA
game-hours: 263.3
review: it good
game-hours: 3699.2
review: epic
game-hours: 363.3
review: 0/10 you can't quik scope
game-hours: 242.4
review: Thor baek
game-hours: 693.4
review: The best game......the graphics are good , gameplay are good too!!!! highly recommended!!!!MUST PLAY GAME IF YOU INSTALL STEAM!!!!
game-hours: 1980.1
review: I'd rather shoot meth in my eye than play dota 2, but yet I can't stop.
game-hours: 458.9
review: nice game ^^
game-hours: 2396.8
review: Helt ok
game-hours: 1021.5
review: I like this games
game-hours: 713.2
review: Good Game
game-hours: 995.1
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 905.2
review: GG!
game-hours: 5.2
review: My sons keep playing this game over and over again.
game-hours: 2637.5
review: Like League of Legends, but takes skill and is fun.
game-hours: 1289.9
review: Riki to OP
game-hours: 2597.9
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 2126.2
review: best multiplayer game ever
game-hours: 972.2
review: RUINED MY LIFE
game-hours: 4.0
review: Oyun Gzel Fakat Ben Oynayamom Amk
game-hours: 1691.1
review: Takes away your life.
game-hours: 2640.4
review: The best game in the world!
game-hours: 2302.3
review: This game is
game-hours: 2627.3
review: Dota 2 is fantastic game
game-hours: 1636.7
review: ^_^
game-hours: 939.3
review: Guys this game is fun to play so if u whant download it so u can play whit ur freind at other people
game-hours: 200.1
review: The gaming equivalent of Heroin. 10/10
game-hours: 470.0
review: Nice Game Ever :D
game-hours: 4267.3
review: my oh my i nvr play other game since i start play dota 2
game-hours: 8.3
review: Dota 2? more like pokemon shota too haha!
game-hours: 784.2
review: Father of all MOBAS
game-hours: 1776.2
review: great game
game-hours: 144.5
review: This game is good and fun to play very competitive
game-hours: 3613.7
review: this game will make you a ing racist
game-hours: 4501.7
review: Amazing Game, easy to play but the most difficult is to play in team, If you decide to play, you won't regret!! GL HF
game-hours: 2043.6
review: Interesting game
game-hours: 1907.9
review: Good Game
game-hours: 1806.7
review: (Y)
game-hours: 194.1
review: i love this game :)... i'm inlove with it..
game-hours: 1217.5
review: sper bii hadi hayrls balyacam
game-hours: 93.3
review: made my life <3
game-hours: 4118.8
review: i love this game
game-hours: 626.5
review: Extremely fun
game-hours: 1323.2
review: still learning ....
game-hours: 2806.1
review: Very Nice Game. Real Time Strategy
game-hours: 1776.8
review: i recommend this game to smart people only!
game-hours: 2253.4
review: Best game in the world
game-hours: 3440.6
review: hard game but fun
game-hours: 1549.0
review: Lets See Where Life Takes Me? Yes Whatever I Shall Be Doing, I Guarantee You That It Will Be With Full Passion And Dedication  (Dota 2)
game-hours: 436.4
review: Dota 2 is the most amazing game i ever played So guys just do play it also enjoy the game
game-hours: 928.8
review: good!
game-hours: 26.1
review: what is the best hero for newbie
game-hours: 168.0
review: Good game!
game-hours: 1511.4
review: great game but russians...
game-hours: 1218.7
review: Dota 2 deserves its intimidating reputation, and it probably wont suit you if youre looking to play casually. Theres a huge time investment before you can even enjoy a game, let alone feel competent at it. But once you start to learn its secrets, theres a wild and exciting variety of play here thats unmatched, even by its peers. Its a challenge of knowledge as well as reflexes, and success is a rush. The fact that its completely and totally free to play in the way we wish all free-to-play games could be isnt just one of the most generous propositions anywhere in gaming, it creates a level playing field where skill and cooperation is paramount. May the best team win.
game-hours: 1125.3
review: I like this game
game-hours: 596.1
review: This is such an amazing game that I thought I should tell you (anyone who does not own this game) that you need it in your life! this game is a MOBA style game, with over a HUNDRED heroes to choose from! Now, why are you reading my review and not downloading DotA 2 RIGHT NOW?!?!?!?!??
game-hours: 202.1
review: ruined my life so bad!
game-hours: 765.3
review: yea
game-hours: 3519.1
review: The most interactive game ever
game-hours: 1085.1
review: Good game to unleash your anger xD
game-hours: 1457.1
review: Good russian trading game!
game-hours: 1479.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 115.0
review: this game its best ..best
game-hours: 2852.6
review: hahahaha
game-hours: 870.9
review: 10/10 Play it - play it some more - get addicted - lose all of your friends - go pro - and still realize you'll never be better than Dendi.
game-hours: 119.8
review: 1.It's a good game 2.It's a good game 3.It's a good game 4.It's a good game 5.It's not League 6.The spectator mode is amazing 7.It's just like cs:go ;D 8.......It's a good game
game-hours: 6684.2
review: sdfs
game-hours: 2207.8
review: amazing game! readllly addictive!
game-hours: 873.0
review: "Free to play" made me feel unworthy to even play this game.
game-hours: 415.1
review: Good game!
game-hours: 1422.1
review: GG
game-hours: 2688.4
review: .
game-hours: 1291.0
review: \m/
game-hours: 189.8
review: -   ,       -           ;)
game-hours: 1023.1
review: dota2
game-hours: 36.9
review: yes
game-hours: 277.0
review: good
game-hours: 730.2
review: It wasn't hard to play. Best Video game ever.
game-hours: 2237.6
review: want to learn Russian? Then try this free experience!
game-hours: 1492.6
review: Cool
game-hours: 700.6
review: FUN to PLAY
game-hours: 1334.1
review: RUS       ,   RUS  u giller
game-hours: 586.0
review: gud gaem
game-hours: 10.6
review: ...
game-hours: 1935.2
review: nice gravic
game-hours: 2584.0
review: great game,already spend many hour and no plans to stop.
game-hours: 2116.7
review: I have put too many hours into this game.
game-hours: 841.0
review: Awesome game! :D ....
game-hours: 1254.0
review: a good game for all :D
game-hours: 464.9
review: Like Skyrim with guns
game-hours: 367.4
review: This game is moodbooster, Play it!
game-hours: 3896.4
review: a best game ever made
game-hours: 1958.7
review: that's cool , i feel wonderful when i play SS,LUNA,SK,AXE
game-hours: 290.5
review: hai
game-hours: 57.2
review: Nice newbie keep it up!
game-hours: 1159.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 1072.4
review: awesome
game-hours: 968.1
review: Love it .
game-hours: 1356.0
review: JUST STEAM OFFER ON ME OKEY ?
game-hours: 520.9
review: i can playing dota because after Mechanic 1 First quest new id. error !
game-hours: 1500.8
review: najs!
game-hours: 2056.9
review: nice game hope free keys come soon
game-hours: 3052.5
review: wowwwwwwwwwwww
game-hours: 1797.1
review: Best game ever (y)
game-hours: 1047.9
review: Spectacular
game-hours: 1272.7
review: OMG  NOB DONKEY CHICKEN
game-hours: 771.3
review: this is my best free to play games on steam, this game is really fun to play with your friends, but the only thing i don't like about this game, is that some people who just get sooooo angry of a game of dota, so just train first or play with your freinds so you can learn the rules of dota 2. hope you enjoy the game. :D
game-hours: 2473.6
review: Awesome Game (^_^)
game-hours: 35.5
review: Really interesanted game ! :)
game-hours: 1147.1
review: I'm in love with this a
game-hours: 1792.4
review: STEP 1: SNORT SOME HEROIN STEP 2: KEEP SNORTING WHILE YOU HIRE 4 PEOPLE TO MASSAGE YOUR POOPHOLE WITH MACHETES. STEP 3: RUN FACEFIRST INTO THE DIFFICULTY CURVE THAT RESEMBLES A WALL MADE OUT OF S. ONCE YOU'RE DONE KEEP REPEATING STEPS 1 & 2 WHILE YOU WONDER WHAT MONTH IT IS.
game-hours: 2508.6
review: best game ever !!!
game-hours: 514.0
review: its dota...
game-hours: 1636.9
review: Sexy
game-hours: 479.1
review: Review lol
game-hours: 986.7
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1837.4
review: qqq
game-hours: 968.5
review: LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! VENO ALL THE WAY!!!!
game-hours: 4368.1
review: YE BUDDY.
game-hours: 1337.9
review: RTS !!!
game-hours: 2048.2
review: Botha came right !
game-hours: 0.4
review: DA
game-hours: 1403.3
review: aabbcc
game-hours: 1853.9
review: good
game-hours: 690.7
review: Best Free to Play game ever !
game-hours: 1633.1
review: Creo que no lo dejare de jugar nunca!!
game-hours: 1814.0
review: addicting game
game-hours: 2020.7
review: 10 outta 10 would not buy
game-hours: 797.5
review: :)
game-hours: 2511.3
review: a good way to relax :D one the best game ever
game-hours: 51.6
review: great game es. waste all my money on this crap
game-hours: 3542.9
review: Dota2 Beyond Godlike :) hahahah
game-hours: 1455.0
review: yeaaaaaah
game-hours: 1522.6
review: Help me to study some languages
game-hours: 4303.7
review: Mad Gaem
game-hours: 90.1
review: Best Moba game
game-hours: 491.1
review: It's addictive!! Pay attention.
game-hours: 2132.4
review: Nice game
game-hours: 743.2
review: so interesting,fun, make me speechless
game-hours: 851.9
review: This game has taken the world of cybergames to the highest..
game-hours: 949.2
review: Have fun, don't get mad when your teammates make mistakes.
game-hours: 1726.8
review: gggggg
game-hours: 986.3
review: nice
game-hours: 2834.5
review: goood
game-hours: 221.2
review: check it out:D
game-hours: 1704.9
review: Dota 2 is a fun and energetic game. There is a diverse roster of heroes to choose from that each have there own unique abilities so you'll never get bored. You can buy character sets, announcers, HUD skins, couriers, and loading screens to customize the way you want your game to look. It is difficult when you are new to it, but you'll eventually get the hang of it. I recommend this game to almost anyone in the steam community, and the good thing is....its FREE!!!
game-hours: 593.8
review: Addictive games, should be played for anyone who love strategic games
game-hours: 1370.3
review: EPIC GAME.
game-hours: 1466.1
review: DOTA 2 is simply the best game ever in the world. Valve has done a really great job.
game-hours: 1040.9
review: Hands down dopest dope I've ever smoked.
game-hours: 1840.9
review: the most adventure game i ever had!
game-hours: 558.4
review: 120.28.125.242
game-hours: 2120.3
review: Here there be trolls.
game-hours: 276.8
review: yes but our PC dont open the dota 2. Please help
game-hours: 126.1
review: Dota 2 is a bad game and it sucks really. The players are mostly noob. Dota 2 depends on the strength of heroes not on the skills of the ones who played it. Even the matchamaking system is imbalanced. Everytime I play Dota 2 it's like my team is 40% and the enemy is 60%. Which is really imbalance. Also Dota 2 has a very bad impact based on item cosmetics. Here in our "poor" country this became a huge issue. I hope they ban Dota 2 in the Philippines
game-hours: 1015.1
review: Playing Dota 2.. Dota 2 is Great Games..
game-hours: 3134.1
review: gg
game-hours: 2739.5
review: Very good game
game-hours: 1095.3
review: If you are new to MOBAs.... go to league of legends to get your foot in the waters, because this game is hardcore and complex. put in simple this is HIGH RISK/ HIGH REWARD. fail 2 or three times, the match favors the other team. there will be frustrating moments, but after you past the learning curve, this game is very addicting. only watch the pro plays on youtube after you already get a feel of what dota is about, and you will be amazed at the things the pro players are able to pull off.
game-hours: 5.5
review: Mostwanted Game, 5 Stars.
game-hours: 1408.6
review: Must play...
game-hours: 3471.2
review: hgh
game-hours: 1197.9
review: how to makes your hero? depends your ability
game-hours: 469.5
review: Do you want a divorce? Because this is how you get a divorce.
game-hours: 159.6
review: this game sucks 4/5 stars
game-hours: 380.0
review: Game INSANO MEO, melhor free to play nessa bagaa e da de 1 trilho a 10 no LoL
game-hours: 1584.0
review: Brilliant game by steam. Requiries great amount of intellect to play this game.
game-hours: 0.8
review: yo check this site out, they are giving away free codes for dota 2 link {LINK REMOVED}
game-hours: 203.0
review: An interesting and fantastic game I've ever played.
game-hours: 18.8
review: it taste like an orb flying around with a sniper on its tail.
game-hours: 1882.8
review: No need to say anything more.
game-hours: 1532.9
review: 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 155.7
review: kiss goodbye to your social life but it is so worth it
game-hours: 768.1
review: Cant stop playing this
game-hours: 1217.1
review: one of my most favorite games ever. Five on five team games comprized on skill, heart, team work, and a little luck. only problem with it is the terriable learning curve. if u can make it threw a month of dota you'll love it for life.
game-hours: 252.7
review: DOTA2!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 806.5
review: best moba ever....
game-hours: 989.2
review: good and awesome
game-hours: 4.7
review: pretty meh but good
game-hours: 1233.5
review: This game takes a lot of time to learn it, but is fun from day one.
game-hours: 913.1
review: )
game-hours: 578.6
review: This game... , Its almost like they invented this instead of timetravel. its insanly addictive, and time just flys by, but dam is it a good game. try not be daunted by going into it blind, there are pleanty of guids and build suggestions for new players to get the jist of the game, but there is ALWAYS something new to learn , which isint a bad thing as it keeps the game fresh. oh and free? hell yes i recommend it
game-hours: 1471.6
review: spent many ours with good friends on this
game-hours: 580.4
review: good game
game-hours: 1208.9
review: <3
game-hours: 925.4
review: good.
game-hours: 3953.5
review: best game ever..;0
game-hours: 146.5
review: I LOVE THIS GAME VERY MUCH
game-hours: 2171.4
review: This is amaizing game i am so happy playing it.
game-hours: 560.5
review: this game is..... AWESOME and its free . you guys should play this game and play with me :3 10 /10 best game
game-hours: 473.4
review: when i played Torn City i have 3 hr for sleep but now I have no time to sleep cos of Dota2 Dota2 become my second life... LoL
game-hours: 1882.3
review: .
game-hours: 1089.7
review: Abi ok iyi
game-hours: 2014.8
review: This game is awesome !!!! Found a lot of new friends here !!! It's fun to play with too !!!
game-hours: 61.4
review: nice game ....
game-hours: 1499.8
review: BEST MOBA GAME !
game-hours: 977.8
review: It sucked the life out of me. 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 897.7
review: Best game of my life....kinda addictive :D. Join and probably meet at a game and have fun
game-hours: 2756.4
review: Much good
game-hours: 1409.5
review: its amazing game. thx
game-hours: 1646.1
review: Reading the top recommendations has made me realise "hey this game aint so bad after-all"
game-hours: 91.6
review: (y)
game-hours: 1620.1
review: Makes you want to murder every Mexican/Russian that plays with you. They don't understand your language, but use your servers. 10/10
game-hours: 785.9
review: nice 1
game-hours: 2466.3
review: Addictive and fun gameplay, best played with friends. If you don't like strategy or action RGP with bird point of view, this is not your game.
game-hours: 688.6
review: This game is amazing. Don't believe me? Try it yourself. With 450 hours+ of playing this, I can safely say that you'll eventually learn to love Dota 2. Not convinced? It's free...
game-hours: 1338.8
review: It very awesome i like it a lot and also the features one of my best gamers
game-hours: 1535.9
review: Love this game, Many heros to select.
game-hours: 2434.1
review: Dota 2 is nice game
game-hours: 1569.6
review: good
game-hours: 3221.6
review: dota 2 is fun.. so addicting game... advisable to all players that love strategy/teamplay game. its just that some of players here are not quite good at teamplay.. and some are no respects.. but all in all this game if perfect for you..
game-hours: 24.0
review: The Best Game Ever!!!!!
game-hours: 62.4
review: Enjoyable.
game-hours: 546.8
review: good
game-hours: 1289.4
review: good game
game-hours: 2075.8
review: goodgame!
game-hours: 1690.0
review: asd
game-hours: 1190.4
review: wow
game-hours: 615.1
review: Niice nice
game-hours: 3674.3
review: my mmr in ~5k4 but my name cant see in the leaderboards
game-hours: 1446.5
review: oooo
game-hours: 957.2
review: !!      !!
game-hours: 2792.8
review: Blyad idi nahui!
game-hours: 1766.8
review: If you want to play something casual and free. Don't play this game. It will take your soul and give you a shell of who you were before you played. 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 733.7
review: very niceeeee game!
game-hours: 0.3
review: Good Startegic game :/
game-hours: 2622.7
review: Amazing game :)
game-hours: 2904.2
review: verry verry good game
game-hours: 24.2
review: best game !)
game-hours: 276.0
review: Best Strategy game Ever <3
game-hours: 1042.9
review: This game made me hate russians
game-hours: 1041.0
review: Addictive as ever!
game-hours: 396.8
review: nice game ever
game-hours: 2925.2
review: dota 2 is a good game. love this game. :)
game-hours: 571.5
review: New this game and I'm alredy loving it! :)
game-hours: 2002.6
review: good game!
game-hours: 1901.9
review: The feeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeed
game-hours: 3203.5
review: me this game is good
game-hours: 1829.6
review: hhh
game-hours: 3193.5
review: absolutely nice game
game-hours: 3897.4
review: REPORT,.... MAMKU EBAL
game-hours: 1558.8
review: Dota 2 is one of the most spectacular and intense games of all time.
game-hours: 109.0
review: Team Fortress 2 hats crossed with MOBAs with a sprinkle of Valve magic... This is why Gaben sleeps on a bed of my money. And I regret nothing.
game-hours: 1936.1
review: Great game and surprisingly addictive. takes a while to learn but can be a new and wonderful expireience with friends
game-hours: 230.3
review: I never think DOTA come out from Warcraft's map and become a great game. I personally like "Sand King" because my birthday month is scorpion.
game-hours: 129.9
review: This game good i like it a lot enjoy.
game-hours: 161.0
review: Blatant chinese rip-off of the all-time classic: League of Legends. They added a bunch of homogay pixie mechanics to seem DEEP and to attract casuals who want to feel cool. They also copied a bunch of champions and ruined them completely. Ashe is now blue or purple or something, Malphite turned into a non-manly moeblob, and Alistar became some gay midget ninja who is always ing invisible and won't leave me alone and keeps throwing pink smoke at me. HOLY  STOP STABBING ME. Buuut, despite its flaws, it's a decent game. I'll stop being buttflustered once I can start carrying people like I can in the original superior game.
game-hours: 251.7
review: Wonderful Game. Great graphics and scenery overall. It has a unique type of strategy to it, and a great community (Kill-Stealing really doesn't matter because it's a team game) Unlike League of Legends on the other hand. Ugh. Rate: 10/10 Bananas Hexoar.
game-hours: 1847.8
review: Best Game Ever!!!
game-hours: 4689.8
review: better than dota 1
game-hours: 1517.8
review: Best game in the world!
game-hours: 1309.6
review: Cool, and we cant stop playing this game
game-hours: 130.3
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 2758.9
review: This game improved so much since it was released on the beta. There are over 90 heroes to choose from currently and the gamplay is as intence and as rewarding as DOTA 1. I know alot of people will be hesitant to try it at first but there has been a new tutorial system implemented in DOTA 2 and I think it will help new comers. I know some people who play LOL might bash in this game, but both games are compleatly different. Its like comparing COD and Battlefield, they are so different that connot be compared. (no preference on either game, I think bot of them are good) Give this game a try, the learning curve is very steep but it is rewarding when you learn. I think this is the best gave valve has ever developed and has been the most played game on steam ever since the second year of beta development. Try it out, its free and badass!
game-hours: 51.7
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 2113.6
review: Would hat again. 10/10
game-hours: 3425.6
review: nice!
game-hours: 2372.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 953.6
review: aaaa
game-hours: 1096.4
review: Addictive game
game-hours: 369.9
review: like :X
game-hours: 1292.5
review: catchy.........
game-hours: 975.4
review: Awesome Game
game-hours: 174.8
review: Awesome Game
game-hours: 1120.7
review: ...    . ,,. ,! .
game-hours: 3179.7
review: BEST game ever I CANT LIVE WITHOUT THIS GAME <3
game-hours: 1770.2
review: it is awesome
game-hours: 1157.7
review: i love this game
game-hours: 2871.0
review: This game is awesome! you will love this game once you tried it. Feel the joy of playing this game and battle other players. This game will determine whose strategist and teamwork better. I love this game very much..
game-hours: 321.1
review: Live Long The Ancients
game-hours: 32.3
review: Great game, very strategic. I like that you can play bots, and they did a really good job with the A.I. on the bots. Lots of custimization. A real free game but is worth buying.
game-hours: 2582.1
review: GOOD
game-hours: 2288.5
review: Best game ever!!!
game-hours: 1054.9
review: Best of the best
game-hours: 34.2
review: awesome game
game-hours: 1668.8
review: everything is alright!
game-hours: 26.9
review: GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
game-hours: 1584.1
review: At first, I was completely unaware of how I should've played this game. But thanks to the community, I learned a few crucial steps to becoming a good player. I'd like to share the steps I've learned with the rest of the community. Step 1: During my first game, people told me that playing on an English version was a terrible idea, and they recommended me to go make it Russian. That increased how well I understood the game by tenfolds. Step 2: Always buy Mask of Madness and Divine Rapier. My team told me that these two items would make me win every game I played. Although it took me a bit of time to farm the Divine Rapier, the Mask of Madness made me attack super fast that I didn't need any other item. The Divine Rapier also made me hit very hard. If your team doesn't approve of this, they're just jealous that they didn't think of this build. Remember, the more rapiers, the better. Step 3: The last step is to pick these few heros if you're starting out: Meepo: His Ultimate ability is to make more meepos. More meepos=More fun. Chen: Even though he's labeled as a support, just go for the typical MoM Divine Rapier build on him. Works every time. Invoker: His Q, W and E give Strength, Agility and Intelligence respectively. His R is useless, so don't even both with it. All you need is the stats. And those are just a few of many helpful tips on how to become a good player in dota! I hope this review helped!
game-hours: 506.8
review: it is a very nice game but can you fix the match making because of some troling players :3
game-hours: 1478.0
review: I've wasted all my money on a free to play. 10/10 Would bang.
game-hours: 757.8
review: Awesome.! :)
game-hours: 1342.2
review: Very wow game MOBA
game-hours: 693.8
review: hmm
game-hours: 1334.0
review: RAT DOTO, BEST DOTO 1000000000000000000000/10
game-hours: 1254.4
review: Start playing today, a game were you spend most of your time saying, "What the ing hell?" But thats not all, start from now on to understand what real racism means, not only will you hate the Russians, but soon you'll hate yourself too? Why? Because when you play it, you'll realise. Oh you think thats it? NO There is more. This game will not only make you hate everyone else in the world, but it will also make you - Anti social - Actually racist - Rage (More often) - Be a gigantic  fag. In other words, this game is f**king Awesome. But thats not all just to Dota, because in the end, it all concludes to one point. Welcome to dota, Now GTFO.
game-hours: 34.6
review: awesome and challenging game :3
game-hours: 1928.3
review: Karthus is my favorite champion
game-hours: 2280.0
review: This game is more fun than a busload of cheerleaders.
game-hours: 1779.0
review: The best MOBA ever
game-hours: 441.1
review: Good game.
game-hours: 1587.8
review: Dota 2 is hard, but there's a huge reward for those who commit. On the surface, the game is a like-for-like reproduction of the genre-creating (and still updated) Defense of the Ancients modification for Warcraft III, now transferred into Valve's Source engine. The game's punishing design is sometimes enough to drive you up the wall, but it's worth sticking the hours in: success in Dota 2 is about learning to effectively juggle both the broad strokes and finer details.
game-hours: 1021.4
review: Great game
game-hours: 2644.3
review: Dota is an Addictive game. Can't stop play it. Someone stop me plz.
game-hours: 424.2
review: Awesome Game!
game-hours: 1639.6
review: ing game..always got scold..but fun is achieved with friends
game-hours: 1125.9
review: +1
game-hours: 1.3
review: LOVE THIS GAME!
game-hours: 1403.8
review: Nice game , beautiful game play GG..!
game-hours: 2514.5
review: AWESOMEEE !!
game-hours: 1684.6
review: One of the best f2p game available! 10/10
game-hours: 3648.9
review: One of the best competitive games I have ever played <3
game-hours: 0.2
review: GOOD
game-hours: 1390.1
review: 's alright.
game-hours: 3135.3
review: can't stop playin
game-hours: 275.6
review: cool game
game-hours: 374.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 434.6
review: nice2
game-hours: 3006.2
review: Awsome
game-hours: 310.3
review: one of the most amazing moba games ever ,
game-hours: 2059.1
review: It's very entertaining.....keep going on Dota2....
game-hours: 454.8
review: ~
game-hours: 990.6
review: I think, you must give event again this coming december. Players would love it for sure. Also, plesae do something for those players who has been reported. Thanks volvo!
game-hours: 52.3
review: Just the same DOTA with newer graphics, free 2 play system and clothes. Does it good? That is for you to decide.
game-hours: 1164.1
review: i liked this game.....
game-hours: 477.7
review: recommended game!
game-hours: 1032.1
review: What happened to my life
game-hours: 1149.0
review: Absolutely loving it. The social experience aside it's the best RPG in a slightly smaller scale.
game-hours: 900.6
review: very intersting la kan..
game-hours: 3755.8
review: nice
game-hours: 15.4
review: Still Don't know item recipe .Icon too small :P
game-hours: 793.6
review: gg wp
game-hours: 1415.6
review: Lasciate ogni speranza voi ch'entrate.  Dante Alighieri
game-hours: 1916.7
review: 10/10 for thr game not so much for the player though
game-hours: 319.5
review: this game will ruin your life 10/10
game-hours: 2300.2
review: This game is very interesting
game-hours: 164.8
review: For a free to play game and a long time Dota fan this game is for Very challenging/high pace/high tier MOBA game
game-hours: 763.8
review: It's a time stealer.
game-hours: 925.2
review: Far better than League of Legends
game-hours: 1450.1
review: C y k a c y k a  S U K A >C Y K A illuminati confirmed
game-hours: 1342.3
review: Fun game, but has a huge learning curve. Would advise to watch videos to learn the basics (see Purge's Youtube channel). Also, community can be toxic at times
game-hours: 2959.8
review: good game!
game-hours: 3747.5
review: _ - _ - _ - _ _ - _ - _
game-hours: 1265.1
review: the real e-sports game. it makes you sweat, i'm not joking.
game-hours: 1305.3
review: addicting
game-hours: 383.1
review: nothing to do
game-hours: 2364.3
review: epic
game-hours: 1.6
review: This game ruined my life... 10/10!
game-hours: 2830.7
review: ywdsf
game-hours: 1.2
review: An excellent sequal. It has the same fantastic gameplay mechanics as the first with some welcomed new features. Whilst the same basic story line might not be so captivating second time round it packs some great new sub plots and some hilariouse new characters. There was never a dull moment. I would recomend Portal 2 to anyone who enjoyed the the first Portal AKA everyone who has every played Portal! Thankyou valve for such an enthralling sequal.
game-hours: 1421.0
review: I ing love this game! <3
game-hours: 1011.3
review: Don't play this game unless you're okay with losing days of your life
game-hours: 2068.8
review: good ;)
game-hours: 506.7
review: Fun
game-hours: 278.7
review: :D
game-hours: 2766.3
review: fcasf
game-hours: 2596.9
review: good game
game-hours: 313.8
review: Amazing
game-hours: 1.1
review: A good twist on a MMO mostly focused on strategy. This game is playable by a wide range of players due to it's different playing style for each character. Whether you are a supporter role for a team or the leader or the pusher. All of them offer unique gameplay styles. The objective though rather simple is rather hard to achieve in fact and can lead you to racking your brains to think of the best way to destroy the enemies base. This game forges camarderie among players as each player in the team have to work with each other and support each other with the different skillsets they each have. I strongly recommend you trying this game for a classic game twisted into something fresh and renewed, it's worth a try and most certainly will find a playing style in there to suit you.
game-hours: 243.1
review: nice
game-hours: 38.0
review: recommended!
game-hours: 1341.6
review: Recomendado! Melhor moba de todos os tempos!!!!
game-hours: 2283.1
review: its an amazing game
game-hours: 340.5
review: :)
game-hours: 1832.6
review: very fun and addictive game, best MOBA game ever!!!
game-hours: 272.5
review: I'm very interested to speak Russian and Spanish languages because of this game.. :D
game-hours: 581.8
review: Dota 2...Very good strategy game... :D
game-hours: 2647.0
review: Dota 2 its not just an online game its also were you can find friends.
game-hours: 251.2
review: nice
game-hours: 718.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 2961.1
review: Event better to play dota
game-hours: 853.4
review: Never get enough with this game. Long Live Dota 2 =)) B-)
game-hours: 3661.4
review: Dota 2 is one of the most spectacular and intense games of all time. Those who choose to commit to Dota 2 will find many happy hours. Try it and you'll understand why.
game-hours: 818.1
review: one of best multiplayer game when a teamwork strategy become competitive between two team. also people talk on their locale language are normal show in the game.
game-hours: 450.8
review: OMG
game-hours: 87.5
review: BLack HOoooooooooooooooooole................................!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
game-hours: 1245.8
review: Best way to learn russian language! 10 drunk bears out of 10! Best game ever!
game-hours: 4578.1
review: An excelent re-vamp of the origonal. Do play, you shall enjoy.
game-hours: 3357.0
review: I only played a little but it was fun.
game-hours: 774.8
review: ,     WarCraft 3      .       -    .  ,       .
game-hours: 1243.0
review: oon ts pelis   ja feedaan :()=)!!!
game-hours: 59.0
review: Absolutely a MUST HAVE! Hard to play, but still very interesting...
game-hours: 924.4
review: is good
game-hours: 994.7
review: free to play
game-hours: 2329.1
review: Amazing game.
game-hours: 265.6
review: A gamer since 1998, and play DOTA since 2006... and this game is awesome!
game-hours: 984.6
review: nice game..
game-hours: 1501.1
review: I lub you Doto never leave my side
game-hours: 1465.2
review: Do you smoke crack cocaine? Have you ever considered smoking crack cocaine? Do you enjoy long hours spent inside and alone? If any of these questions resonate with you, then perhaps DOTA2 is the game for you. The game has an extremely high skill cap and takes years to begin understanding the fundamental concepts and mechanics. The competitive play is intense and rewarding. If you plan on having any additonal hobbies, vocational activities, or love interests. Please consider severing all ties before installing. You wil hurt the ones you love.
game-hours: 1422.7
review: This is a cool game.
game-hours: 347.4
review: dota?!!!pls!!!
game-hours: 1980.2
review: a swag game!
game-hours: 512.1
review: Just as expected, Dota 2 is just like the original DotA mod. Would recommend 10/10
game-hours: 2140.7
review: Magic shall not prevail!
game-hours: 1089.0
review: great game
game-hours: 1983.1
review: GLHF
game-hours: 3918.6
review: \_()_/
game-hours: 927.1
review: Very Nice Game! :)
game-hours: 922.5
review: Best Game Ever!
game-hours: 6162.6
review: brilliant game....no other game of this genre is as competitive and complex
game-hours: 897.3
review: come join with me
game-hours: 1.7
review: Good game, good stratagy. Overall i would go for it. Its a free to play, and even without the extra DLC and internal content, is a very good game.
game-hours: 411.0
review: best moba in the world currently avaible, if u have skill ull feel like in heaven, if u r a LoL nob be sure 2 play vs bots first before u ruin our games, beware of russian filth, these rats r everywhere
game-hours: 182.1
review: Nice game LOL
game-hours: 977.9
review: Very good game and u dont have to buy your self up. Thumbs up for this awesome game! And it's also free so download it now! TRADE ME! <3
game-hours: 2171.8
review: Dota 2 is the best way to start the day. Eat Sleep Dota!
game-hours: 152.1
review: yes i recommed this game if yr willing to go through the first stages and be reallly noobish at the game then when pushed throught those barriers it starts to get fun and (what is says on the tin) stategy like, makes u think.
game-hours: 19.3
review: You can kill monkeys, dragons.. yourself, all because of Dota. :D
game-hours: 2032.2
review: the best game ever
game-hours: 1441.4
review: good game
game-hours: 2011.7
review: Requires a lot of patience and determination, but soo addictive
game-hours: 1267.1
review: Good
game-hours: 936.2
review: -IGN "already played with russians"
game-hours: 646.3
review: Excelente Juego
game-hours: 590.2
review: this game is amazing
game-hours: 951.8
review: Favourite game ever!
game-hours: 582.3
review: Nice Game~!
game-hours: 756.8
review: I cry after every game of Dota 2 10/10
game-hours: 925.0
review: This game is probaly one of the best games iv ever played its very worth for free to play and there is no pay to win, i give this game a 10 out of 10 this game is very fun but at times can make u rage
game-hours: 647.4
review: Consistently adding new content, free-to-play, and a big user base. What more can you ask for?
game-hours: 1010.3
review: good game
game-hours: 550.6
review: Great game nothing more to say ^^
game-hours: 1741.0
review: good game and amazing game in the world ! and i love this game forever :D
game-hours: 719.2
review: La mejora del segundo MOBA de la historia, muchas mejoras y modos distintos de juegos aparte de los conocidos, incluyendo escojer en que region del mundo quieres jugar. Con actualizaciones semanales, incluyendo nuevo contenido tanto de los desarrolladores como de los jugadores que quieran implementar ideas.
game-hours: 1223.1
review: When this game get released get it! It's really fun and a perfect game to play with friends and a great game to get new steam/dota buddis to and the community is friendly to :D
game-hours: 1134.1
review: play it once and it will get in your bones.......it is like a drug....you will addict to this game
game-hours: 1052.2
review: Amazing game!
game-hours: 560.4
review: Nice game out there! :)
game-hours: 2624.2
review: Go play Dota!
game-hours: 3248.2
review: good
game-hours: 1026.3
review: Good Game
game-hours: 630.9
review: i want make a tournament by region, can?
game-hours: 1529.8
review: Gamre Recommended. play this game ... u will learn how to make strategy n tactic
game-hours: 944.9
review: I haven't been outside in a year! 10/10
game-hours: 497.2
review: nice
game-hours: 2238.4
review: better than League
game-hours: 504.5
review: make it simple
game-hours: 1.5
review: "Welcome to the dense, and impenetrable web of systemic  we collectively refer to as DOTA."
game-hours: 1471.9
review: addicting game
game-hours: 918.6
review: The best game ever!
game-hours: 3196.7
review: Absolutely recommend this to anyone!
game-hours: 1128.4
review: Very hard and competitive game. Endless fun.
game-hours: 634.7
review: "huskar should be ban" "riki is unfair" "sb charge is broken" "nerf pa pls" "sniper op" "blood seeker op" "zeus ult is op" " drow" "report tidehunter feeding" "this sand king is " "u suck delete dota" "you call that gg?" 10/10 best rage
game-hours: 1230.1
review: Great game and has an awesome community
game-hours: 312.9
review: I guess it's an ok game Kappa
game-hours: 2105.2
review: This Game so Good Game thx
game-hours: 1392.7
review: Yes i do recommend this game
game-hours: 286.1
review: GGWP
game-hours: 1650.5
review: What can I say? After 1000 hours I still feel unwelcome in the obnoxious community and still get absolutely stomped, but I just cannot put this masterpiece down. Defense of the Ancients was a pioneer of the Moba genre and it's sequel remains a strong contender with the likes of Smite and League of Legends. Dota 2 offers a pool of over 100 absolutely free heroes and both a casual and competitive approach. However you choose to play the game you'll be met with an array of toxic, cussing and hateful individuals who will trash talk and rage at you for the simplest mistake. A thick skin is necessary to obtain full enjoyment out of Dota 2. Ignoring the savage community, Dota 2 has perhaps the most engaging, entertaing and satisfying gameplay ever. It feels amazing to initiate a succesful teamfight or to just win a close game. Most heroes are balanced meaning most victories are owed to the skills of the players, however a keen sense of mechanics knowledge is mandatory due to the game's reliance on different damage types and various other integral factors. Whilst it can be difficult as a new player, persistence and resilience can introduce you to many hours of fun. For the best possible experience, playing with friends will both save you from hateful people and allow you to synergise your strategies. Dota 2 is free, so you have nothing to lose from buying it except maybe your social life.
game-hours: 2225.1
review: Every time I paly Solo Ranked: Step 1: Random dude in team says 'I WILL BE YOUR CARRY' Step 2: I play something that helps the team Step 3: Win midgame because Im making space or plays Step 4: My carry has 5k net worth, theirs has 15k. Step 5: Lose. Step 6: The opposite team says WP only to me and lols at the rest. Summary: My mmr is  but at least I feel ing good about it.
game-hours: 2354.8
review: Good game!
game-hours: 1177.5
review: Good game!
game-hours: 983.9
review: LIKE THIS GAMEEE
game-hours: 1300.9
review: Dota 2 is Video Games
game-hours: 314.6
review: ,   !
game-hours: 496.9
review: wow! i don't remember the first time i played dota, but it's amazing @@! n i like it! :D
game-hours: 2875.7
review: it's ok
game-hours: 932.2
review: asdasdasdsdw
game-hours: 528.9
review: Very recommended
game-hours: 1980.2
review: Nice game i like it so much ><
game-hours: 2880.1
review: great game
game-hours: 2513.7
review: drink vodka win dotka
game-hours: 1111.1
review: A non casual sequel to LoL. HUEHUEHUEHUEHUE
game-hours: 931.0
review: qwe
game-hours: 805.2
review: Good game
game-hours: 1618.2
review: i love to play dota 2 !! thanks for designing this game!!!
game-hours: 2973.7
review: i love dota one you start playing you cant stop
game-hours: 1019.8
review: fantastic game
game-hours: 1402.7
review: Could probably shoot-up heroin for 2 years and not get as addictid to as you will get to Dota 2. 1000+ Hours, ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 189.8
review: this game is so cool
game-hours: 874.6
review: KOATAL GIFF MEE MANA BEACH!!!!! 10/10..........................how the *&^% did i clock over 700 hours on this?
game-hours: 929.5
review: Ruined my mental health AND made me poor. 10/10
game-hours: 220.3
review: If you like Russia, you'll hate it after this.
game-hours: 404.6
review: )
game-hours: 380.3
review: OMG! I love this game its rock ur soul! try it !
game-hours: 1279.4
review: a+
game-hours: 138.3
review: i think its a good game
game-hours: 4088.3
review: huehuehue
game-hours: 1997.9
review: awesome
game-hours: 740.1
review: Best russian and jajaja simulator available. 10/10
game-hours: 1840.8
review: Best game ever. Im really addicted to this game.
game-hours: 384.1
review: Simply the best!
game-hours: 91.1
review: Better then LoL
game-hours: 1920.5
review: I love DotA 2
game-hours: 5371.8
review: that funny
game-hours: 2865.7
review: The best game ever
game-hours: 1245.1
review: Dota2, Same my life, my choice. Love it
game-hours: 219.8
review: thanks dota, you ruining my sleeping time
game-hours: 132.5
review: oh yeah look at it go! roll out the barrel feel it in your bones
game-hours: 876.4
review: Jeeeeeeeeeeeez
game-hours: 464.8
review: SOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOD
game-hours: 1172.3
review: <3
game-hours: 3721.2
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 149.8
review: GG
game-hours: 318.7
review: good game
game-hours: 2209.9
review: it's ok.
game-hours: 135.8
review: This is \m/
game-hours: 442.6
review: The one and only MOBA game that actually require a minimum of mechanical skills.
game-hours: 1691.9
review: 11/10 best tree cutting simulator
game-hours: 1834.2
review: i like it
game-hours: 2001.3
review: Great game, funny and you need some strategy to play it. Wanna get insulted? Wanna feel like ? Wanna enter in a game and know literally NOTHING till you get used to it? this is your game. Now seriusly, it rocks.
game-hours: 1138.2
review: Makes you hate Russians in 4 hours. Good buy.
game-hours: 395.1
review: we love dota2 xD
game-hours: 2030.9
review: very fun game if you like a team environment and a real time strategy game stage. completely mind blowing and will never get old!
game-hours: 1172.6
review: It's Dota 2. Need I say more?
game-hours: 1400.9
review: nice game :d2invoker:
game-hours: 3002.3
review: best game evar!
game-hours: 3239.2
review: sometimes will lag
game-hours: 1844.4
review: Amazing Game ... Just you have to use your brain !
game-hours: 1578.7
review: ...
game-hours: 1577.7
review: Ruined my education, Ruined my social life, If i could go back in time i would have never installed this game. 10/10.
game-hours: 1512.7
review: Now after spending my time I have lost all interest of seeking a girlfriend and have aquired a large wardrobe full of fedoras. 12/10 GG
game-hours: 2109.6
review: fun game bad community
game-hours: 5.3
review: this game is like League of legends a lot similar since they're both MOBA games , its just a game where you should play both , LoL and Dota 2 and decide which is your type/style of game, for a starter I recomend League of Legends , for a more experienced player I recommend Dota 2 because It gives you items you can sell on steam market and get steam moneys (steam wallet cash) and its just harder
game-hours: 201.0
review: good game
game-hours: 1227.9
review: The Bad Will take over your life.
game-hours: 2551.0
review: :D
game-hours: 128.9
review: Awesome game that requires strategy planning and huge amount time.
game-hours: 1022.0
review: pro game
game-hours: 1189.5
review: The only MOBA game that I love to play.
game-hours: 410.9
review: awesome
game-hours: 1580.1
review: Such game. Very doto. Wow.
game-hours: 3525.0
review: good game ever
game-hours: 592.5
review: The best A-RTS in the whole Universe. The combination of more than 100 heroes in the same-old battlefield has created its own diversity.
game-hours: 2309.7
review: best game . haw haw
game-hours: 2263.4
review: A great PvP game that offers some of the most intriguing and nuanced team combat around. Simply irresistible and addictive as hell.
game-hours: 2486.1
review: I've been playing this game for 5 years and it has wasted about half of my life so far, as well as about $100. 10/10 definitely play this game.
game-hours: 2474.2
review: ,    ,   ,   ,  ,    -, ,       ,    ,  -   ,          -      !    ,     ,     ,  ,  ,  ,  ,    ,
game-hours: 1344.5
review: Eat , Sleep And Play DOTA 2 !!!
game-hours: 1633.9
review: GOOD GAME..
game-hours: 954.2
review: No comment its amazing and awesome
game-hours: 5.6
review: It's like LOL man .
game-hours: 4080.9
review: the best game but always update
game-hours: 3606.8
review: Great game unless u play alone then it gets annoying because the game consistently teams you up with very bad players !
game-hours: 48.4
review: I'm still dipping my toe in this game. After 45 hours of playing, I still feel like a noob. This game requires a LOT of commitment, and the learning slope is DEEP! But once you get the basics, it's completely worth it. The game is like chess with a team. The hero you choose has a few skills, and determines what you bring to the table. Then, for the next 15-35 minutes, and you and your team working together to beat up the other team. Play the tutorial. Personally, I played it just to learn how to watch the live-steams!
game-hours: 3239.9
review: perfect game to make you graduate university! log in, meet russians in every game in every server, give up on dota because of the, go study !
game-hours: 1727.5
review: Nothing better.
game-hours: 62.4
review: Commend.
game-hours: 22.2
review: Who needs to go Russia when you can experience it from the comfort of your own computer seat. 10/10
game-hours: 1760.7
review: The only game that will make you want to pay for region locking.
game-hours: 2024.6
review: So awesome i cannot even breath
game-hours: 4424.8
review: This game so fckin addictive
game-hours: 385.1
review: Nic e
game-hours: 3147.6
review: LIFE CHANGING
game-hours: 3409.5
review: Fun MOBA
game-hours: 3687.7
review: Good Game
game-hours: 555.8
review: a strategic and action game, but it take a very long time; + 105 heros and +
game-hours: 1023.8
review: good
game-hours: 2560.7
review: Most addicting game ever! Feeds the strategic and tactical craving. Only problem is the competition is fierce, friendships will be lost, but new ones will be gained. Playing it too much can turn you into a  sometimes. But moderation can turn you into a leader. Definitely my favorite game up to date.
game-hours: 3284.3
review: Can't. Stop. Playing!
game-hours: 91.5
review: hi
game-hours: 3087.1
review: This game makes me want to punch myself in the , I play it every day. 5/5
game-hours: 692.4
review: Made me a racist, biased, overall terrible person. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 2756.6
review: ..
game-hours: 347.1
review: Geiles Spiel man muss es einmal gespielt haben um zu sehen wie viel spass es macht nie gedacht das ein Free to Play game so Fun machen kann ich suchte das einfach das Spiel hat ein gewisses etwas was ich nicht beschreiben kann aber leute wie mich zum suchten bringt :D DOTA 2 FTW Sag ich nur !!! =)))
game-hours: 1987.3
review: DOTA 2. BEST GAME!
game-hours: 1229.1
review: Russian/10
game-hours: 625.4
review: Ya, this is rad game!!! And Free!!!
game-hours: 1403.7
review: Brilliant game, lots of variety
game-hours: 992.9
review: this is good
game-hours: 4562.0
review: this game sucks
game-hours: 940.1
review: This game has sucked 482 hours of my life. I still play it 20 hours a week. I need help
game-hours: 1615.8
review: It's one of the greatest MOBA's out there
game-hours: 33.2
review: they got this game, right. for people who smoke, or people who drink. like if you drink beer and you get drunk or if you smoke weed and you get high. and just- anything like if you just be gettin ed up. they got this game, right, i don't know, this  called Dota. it aint got no point to the game you just walk around clickin on . and there aint no point to the game. this  stupid as hell, man.
game-hours: 86.5
review: yes
game-hours: 1310.5
review: thank
game-hours: 2508.2
review: nice
game-hours: 1888.6
review: :| aliasghar dar dota 2 :| :| :| vaghean mazhakeye am o khas mishim ! namoooosan!
game-hours: 889.4
review: One of the best game I've ever played :D
game-hours: 2068.8
review: Stress reliever <3
game-hours: 5518.0
review: Go and play this game!!! F2p and it only takes about 100 hours of gameplay before you kind of don't suck.
game-hours: 1185.7
review: WAT U WAN JUST A  BADGE LEADER TELLING ME TO DO THIS ING
game-hours: 909.1
review: cool game
game-hours: 1412.4
review: Will ruin your whole life because you will prioritize playing than interacting. A must play.
game-hours: 1628.0
review: Try it out, its free and badass!
game-hours: 2730.8
review: Stupid game
game-hours: 1567.9
review: asdgagagasd
game-hours: 865.7
review: Enjoy this game, but please make it more stable in Mac OS
game-hours: 52.7
review: game hay vl
game-hours: 821.8
review: Best game ever !!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 175.8
review: It is a fantastic game! so many ausome characters to play as for free that you will want to spend money on it just because it deserves your money for being so good! There are countless stratagies to try and master and there is always something else to learn by playing. 10/10
game-hours: 775.6
review: awesome game, great for co-op and competative play.
game-hours: 809.6
review: well game
game-hours: 2634.3
review: Great
game-hours: 1063.7
review: 11/10 ruined my life
game-hours: 1156.7
review: it's so good
game-hours: 895.1
review: Truly a masterpiece of cooperation. The beautiful synergy of reporting and yelling at teammates will teach you the true value of your fellow man. Truly this game has made me a better person. 10/10 and Mid or I feed.
game-hours: 5.4
review: Excellent! Reminds me of LoL
game-hours: 1358.0
review: the best game ever :D
game-hours: 134.2
review: good job.
game-hours: 830.8
review: Best free to play game on the market. CHallenges players with the bazillion characters but once you figure it out DOta is a great game.
game-hours: 397.4
review: Brilliant game, nothing like TF2 as well, cause you don't have to pay for hats, but for cosmetics ( though fair enough you can earn them as well ) Anyway, i love this game, the DEVS are always on top of bug fixes, gamebreaking, and not so gamebreaking a-like, and they definatally try their best to make this game run as smooth as possible, and block all threads about people who hate russians, ( which btw are stupid threads, and pointless, as one they are rude, and two they really need to use the searchbar as there are millilons of threads like theirs all over the place. )
game-hours: 2918.8
review: yolo
game-hours: 1317.2
review: <3
game-hours: 1954.3
review: Good, great, awsome - there are no words no phrases, nothing, to describe this. we live in a sad place with out it. to not look would be a sin. no point in life without you. Meepo. God i love you meepo. You read that, wow!
game-hours: 1795.4
review: Va astept.
game-hours: 927.5
review: made me want to commit suicide 10/10
game-hours: 1127.0
review: Nice
game-hours: 32.6
review: Get it, end of story, right now, get it get it get it. WHY ARE YOU STILL READING THIS AND NO DOWNLOADING DOTA 2
game-hours: 1658.2
review: Great game
game-hours: 749.8
review: The original Defense of the Ancients, a custom map for Warcraft III, became an entire game considered to be a multiplayer masterpiece. It has inspired an entire genre of games from League of Legends to Smite. Dota 2 can be experienced and enjoyed at multiple levels of one's time. The heavier you invest in this game, the more your reward would be.
game-hours: 666.4
review: <3
game-hours: 644.8
review: This is a great game you will become addicted! It is very fun, and it is free so you have no excuse not to try it. The tutorial lies, the actual game is not like the tutorial and is much more fun. This is my favorite game and it will continue to be.
game-hours: 3557.8
review: Learn Russian and Spanish for free! 10/10
game-hours: 990.0
review: this is the best
game-hours: 653.0
review: Yes cause every time im bored in house i play dota2 for fun
game-hours: 1408.3
review: Dota 2 is personaly one of my favorite games out there today! With it's intense multi player your constantly grinding eather players or the mobs in-game known as creeps. There's also the chance to take on the mighty roshan, witch will drop a buff that will help you conquer your opponents throughout the game! All together the stratige seige based game is also done Extreamly well. Dota 2 was created by valve and is also free so it packs alot of punch for no cost out of your steam wallet!
game-hours: 1467.2
review: I learned RUSSIAN from playing Dota 2. I give this game my approval.
game-hours: 1589.9
review: Yes.
game-hours: 2094.3
review: Hi all
game-hours: 965.5
review: This is a great game that requires inpecable teamwork and communication for a smart and decisive victory
game-hours: 2521.5
review: greatest game ever
game-hours: 482.0
review: nice
game-hours: 393.6
review: Game muito dahora, eu jogava o primeiro, porm os MH's tomaram conta e destruiram toda a diverso do game. Agora q mudei no d nem vontade de voltar,  outro tipo de jogo... pena q sou nb :/
game-hours: 257.1
review: Doporucuji, Skvela grafika, hratelnost, pohodlne steamove pripojeni me velmi zjednodusilo hrani. Nemam vydky ohledne teto pecky. Rekl bych jen, ze zjednoduseni skladani itemu z originalniho warcraftu, hre urcite prospelo. Davam 4 z 5.
game-hours: 335.2
review: Over 300 hours of yelling in my mic a mix of Russian, Spanish and English. -------Actual Review------- (Work in progress) Background of game: DOTA originated as a warcraft 3 mod, which can still be played. Then Valve took this game, re-masterd it, and made it one of the biggest MOBAs (But still only has a fraction of LOL's player base). The Good: -Valve's got lots of money, and so does the player base. This causes some darn large prize-pools, which are also contributed to by the players. The Bad: -Addictive as hell. -About 1/10 players speak a different language and don't care to learn english. Examples include: Russian, Spanish, and Portuguese. Other Problems: -Warcaft DOTA had a lot of heroes which were ported into DOTA 2, causing a lot of copyright problems between Blizzard and Valve. Gameplay: First games should be with bots, and maybe after 10 games you should start playing with people. If you don't know what to buy, valve gives you suggestions based on your hero in the buy-menu. If looking for a guide, you can find one in the top right.
game-hours: 2385.4
review: i love dota
game-hours: 232.7
review: This game is absolutely amazing. But if you think you can get this game and make tons of money off of it on the market, you are dead wrong.
game-hours: 193.6
review: Very addictive game, a lot less flamers than in LoL
game-hours: 1376.1
review: I am sick and tired playing with russian ""s
game-hours: 3139.0
review: <3 alot must play game
game-hours: 1483.1
review: good game forever
game-hours: 260.4
review: so good
game-hours: 1125.3
review: Addicted :)
game-hours: 189.2
review: Best game play
game-hours: 2827.2
review: best game of the world :D
game-hours: 3.4
review: These games with their graphics stuck in the 90s and some of the most boring gameplay imaginable should really stop being made. The story doesn't exist, the gameplay consists of doing the same thing every single time you play on the whole one map that the game has and doing the whole one strategy that works on it which 90% of the time is clicking back and forth doing absolutely nothing, and almost everything in it is a rip off of more popular franchises in other forms of media who aren't charming throwbacks or references, but just stupid and uninspired instead like the rest of this game. This is literally a game made with no effort or love simply to make money on the new popularity of e-sports after seeing the other heap of crap that's the exact same with a different title doing so well at that. When the best character in your game is a disgusting giant spider, and the worst is Lina Inverse, you've done something wrong.
game-hours: 2758.1
review: Good strategy game. +1
game-hours: 1530.4
review: good
game-hours: 1230.2
review: nice
game-hours: 848.5
review: mantap.....
game-hours: 1321.3
review: been playing steam games for 1 year, this game is one of the best f2play game in steam.
game-hours: 1478.1
review: Will help you learn new words in foreign languages.It's a game you must play !
game-hours: 2471.9
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 104.2
review: best of the gamer
game-hours: 780.5
review: Defense Of The Russians 2 is the best online gaming with Russians simulator ever. Would recomend buying.   !
game-hours: 1624.2
review: best game ever :DDDD
game-hours: 216.9
review: Hours of fun, all you have to do is select in which Russia you want to play today! also this is the best tool to learn a new language. SPANISH, RUSSIAN , PORTUGUESE for the very low price of your faith in mankind
game-hours: 13.0
review: It is a great game nothing else
game-hours: 270.7
review: best MOBA ever
game-hours: 57.0
review: DotA 2 is the best moba period
game-hours: 1552.2
review: ADDICTIVE GAME
game-hours: 1192.5
review: I glad they didn't change any major thing from dota 1
game-hours: 297.4
review: alway together you and me :(
game-hours: 667.2
review: uuuyeeee
game-hours: 350.7
review: Peruvians = gg
game-hours: 499.5
review: Love the game one of the best strategy games ive ever played
game-hours: 3522.0
review: Best Game ever since. Played Dota since beta
game-hours: 8.6
review: Basically League of Leagues on Steam. Good F2F, though!
game-hours: 3640.1
review: dota is the best game ever!
game-hours: 664.5
review: Easily to play and yet hard to master if its your first time play Dota 2 you will welcomed by a Tutorial In-Game which for me is quite handy and usefull at the same time The Community itself is grow bigger each day
game-hours: 1407.3
review: Why do you not have this game
game-hours: 1183.5
review: :)
game-hours: 1528.4
review: dota 2 butted me with GabeNs love
game-hours: 938.6
review: This is fun game ever,so release tension lolz..
game-hours: 16.9
review: godd game
game-hours: 2566.6
review: best MOBA
game-hours: 1394.7
review: nice !!!!!!
game-hours: 951.8
review: ================================== Graphic - 9.1/10; Gameplay - 9.2/10; Sounds - 9.4/10; Multiplayer - 9.5/10; Together - 9.3/10. ==================================
game-hours: 729.1
review: adict !!!! argh can't stop playing
game-hours: 1291.3
review: This is the most addicting game ull ever play >>>>>>>>>>> carry on >>>>>>>>> install it
game-hours: 2128.3
review: Dota 2 will change your life
game-hours: 4448.7
review: The most grindy game there is, you'll get unfairly stomped, raged at, you'll play badly, spend most of your time being racist and angry. Very addictive and fun after the trench tier.
game-hours: 3183.0
review: VSEM DOTA BLEAT
game-hours: 661.7
review: A must play game.Love this game <3
game-hours: 2477.2
review: Best game !
game-hours: 1019.4
review: good
game-hours: 1195.7
review: Killed all my free time, made me a real nerd and I like it! Recommend it to everyone! (STOP PICKING DROW RANGER NOOBS!!!)
game-hours: 1668.9
review: xaxaxaxa. Very nice russian learning programm. Would bang. 10/10
game-hours: 152.0
review: tottaly recommend it
game-hours: 2799.6
review: Addictive Game.
game-hours: 1094.4
review: Addictive! :P
game-hours: 871.8
review: ggwp :D
game-hours: 3645.9
review: DOTA 2 forever!
game-hours: 640.4
review: Ggwp
game-hours: 56.6
review: ba
game-hours: 604.5
review: asd
game-hours: 935.8
review: WOW
game-hours: 2674.9
review: goodddddd game
game-hours: 867.8
review: This game is cool.
game-hours: 1999.3
review: my favorite games played :)
game-hours: 1051.1
review: hate this game pls this game 100% lifesteal
game-hours: 804.5
review: The Best Game EVER !
game-hours: 946.5
review: u must play this game
game-hours: 1491.7
review: Dear dota2, the best game ever had. Keep going for always make tournament, many people in this world like my mighty dendi :)
game-hours: 1323.5
review: 12/10 would bang
game-hours: 2366.5
review: GG
game-hours: 1542.6
review: Forced me to learn Russian. 10/10   ! !
game-hours: 1934.6
review: 10/10 it's not MOBA it is DotA
game-hours: 330.4
review: ser
game-hours: 1371.1
review: Tidehunter's mom is a watermelon 11/10
game-hours: 709.8
review: 10/10
game-hours: 861.7
review: Yes!
game-hours: 2890.0
review: good game
game-hours: 18.7
review: League clone omg.1.1121212121'/l4o24124111!
game-hours: 1150.1
review: ^_^
game-hours: 361.0
review: Cool balance and epic community experience, so far...
game-hours: 2711.5
review: (Y)
game-hours: 132.1
review: Must Play! Awesome graphic n mechanic !
game-hours: 2718.1
review: Shut the f*ck up and play DOTA2 ./.
game-hours: 2331.7
review: I like Dota @
game-hours: 2649.8
review: hi dota 2 :X
game-hours: 5015.0
review: Great moba game, competitive and addictive!
game-hours: 1619.0
review: N1
game-hours: 3639.0
review: ya good sddfsf
game-hours: 82.3
review: I will never be good at this game no matter how much i play , i am forever in a world of torment.
game-hours: 1861.9
review: Amazing !
game-hours: 2141.0
review: + Very deep, rich + addictive game + very competitive - bad community
game-hours: 966.1
review: F2P done absolutely perfectly.
game-hours: 287.6
review: A game that will force you to learn the art of trash talking. RECOMMEND!!
game-hours: 809.8
review: The game which need brain and hand
game-hours: 24.4
review: yes
game-hours: 1524.4
review: Best game ever. Wasted so much of my life on it. Planning to waste even more!
game-hours: 794.7
review: great
game-hours: 821.7
review: <3 :))
game-hours: 0.3
review: I don't even know what I'm playing anymore
game-hours: 931.1
review: The king of Dota-likes. Soon-to-be GoTY 2012. One of the finest competetive games ever created.
game-hours: 1453.9
review: Awesome game and free to play with friends around the world
game-hours: 2444.3
review: this is absolutely the next gen of DotA. very very very competitive game. really enjoy it.
game-hours: 3227.4
review: Give me back my life...
game-hours: 2963.7
review: OMG
game-hours: 2594.4
review: Dota 2... A game that makes you want to throw your keyboard across your room half of the time and makes you jump for joy the other half.
game-hours: 18.0
review: this game is the best MOBA game i have every played shut up lol,lol dota 2 is the best of the best
game-hours: 7.0
review: Great game a lot like leauge but some major diffrences. It's also very fluid
game-hours: 1703.2
review: Good game to play. Remember, don't feed.
game-hours: 3.1
review: A little OK 4 filling up ur time when u have nothing to do
game-hours: 765.7
review: nice!!
game-hours: 274.7
review: This game is awesome.
game-hours: 2525.7
review: ..............
game-hours: 1.2
review: good game
game-hours: 884.9
review: For those liking a great MOBA experience check this game out! Love the action, the newness every game and the experience of chatting with loads of people!
game-hours: 938.0
review: dota 2 is a great game
game-hours: 798.1
review: gOOOOOOOOOd
game-hours: 1235.1
review: Very nice!
game-hours: 1166.8
review: Play with Russians/Pinoys who don't speak your native language and abuse voice chat. Rage and lose the game. Queue again. Repeat. 10/10 Would recommend and play again.
game-hours: 480.7
review: "play solo is just fun party more fun" you need this game on your steam it full of MOBARPG FUN FUN FUN FUN
game-hours: 203.9
review: The Best Game Ever!!!!
game-hours: 1300.4
review: dota 2
game-hours: 15.4
review: Very good game / addictive / fast Go Go Go BARA ~
game-hours: 1151.1
review: Nice nice nice nice nice!
game-hours: 2.4
review: Not a good game for a first time players. Not much else to say. Unless you can deal with way too much pressure in the game, and don't give up after losing many games. Then maybe you should play it. In the end, you would end up learning and stop losing it.. Or playing.
game-hours: 75.8
review: love it. just love it
game-hours: 1877.3
review: Haha....Nvr Giv up!!
game-hours: 2115.8
review: great
game-hours: 19.7
review: Great game but not for people that are in a rush because this games rounds last a long time and get intense.....
game-hours: 993.6
review: Cool Game!
game-hours: 2314.6
review: cool game
game-hours: 9.4
review: Bit crazy to begin with, glad they added linux support.
game-hours: 280.5
review: BEST GAME EVER THAT I VE PLAYED AAND COOL GRAPHIC DESIGHN
game-hours: 457.7
review: the review
game-hours: 1513.7
review: aws
game-hours: 966.9
review: More addicting than cocaine... I see the game in my sleep
game-hours: 269.4
review: Excite me always the best game for me!
game-hours: 461.8
review: Want to feel like a king in one match, then rethink your life's decisions the next? Play Dota. :\
game-hours: 929.2
review: Nice Game :D
game-hours: 1144.9
review: 9 outta 10, if dota players know what i mean
game-hours: 1259.3
review: Dota 2 has been one of the most fun games I've ever played, while also being one of the most frustrating. In combines some of the best qualities from RPGs, MMOs, RTSs, and ARPGs into a neat 60 minute long package. If you can handle the learning curve, you'll love this game.
game-hours: 1088.3
review: This is the best game eeeeeeeeeeevvvvvvvveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer
game-hours: 259.3
review: Please Play Dota 2 Its Awesomeeeeeeeeeee :D
game-hours: 1332.3
review: :)
game-hours: 752.2
review: Mast time pass game hai. Highly addictive.
game-hours: 528.6
review: Quite Awesome if playing with bunch of friends
game-hours: 2020.8
review: ABSOLUTELY
game-hours: 586.8
review: DOTA2 is the best MOBA game .
game-hours: 728.6
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 45.5
review: fascinating!
game-hours: 1072.9
review: badge?
game-hours: 1103.5
review: This game is the Best Dota game ever.
game-hours: 651.9
review: This game is really addictive and fun, especially if you play with friends. There are great backstories, graphics and gameplay. This game rewards teamwork and skill. Beware of spending too much time playing Dota 2.
game-hours: 2433.4
review: This game will suck your time and life from your soul. Enjoy.
game-hours: 1660.1
review: :)
game-hours: 168.4
review: Great game.
game-hours: 1272.1
review: THIS!
game-hours: 3170.9
review: If you like mobas should get this game seriously ive spent so much hours on this game without actually knowing :D 10/10
game-hours: 858.3
review: One of the best MOBAs I have played. Though a lot of bugs still :(
game-hours: 1884.2
review: awesum stufff
game-hours: 2116.0
review: GOOD GAME :D
game-hours: 695.2
review: Removes them en stress! :3 You'll be socially active (online XD)
game-hours: 1141.0
review: the best ever games team work
game-hours: 1530.5
review: Awesome. Way better than Leauge.
game-hours: 240.9
review: GOOD GAME!!!!!!
game-hours: 2762.8
review: #Dota2
game-hours: 662.4
review: i need my a pin code in family options my account have a manys items i need it please help! how to remove the pin code it have a 4 digits to unlock
game-hours: 3820.9
review: ruin my life... 100% life steal 5 stars er
game-hours: 1846.8
review: you must watch this
game-hours: 1.8
review: lol need a space of my disk :(
game-hours: 2085.6
review: good game
game-hours: 2957.2
review: !!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 504.9
review: yeah
game-hours: 1212.2
review: 2      !
game-hours: 304.6
review: this is the best game... better than LOL....
game-hours: 628.9
review: fuuuuunnn!
game-hours: 1201.9
review: gg
game-hours: 51.6
review: I will give you your virginity back, just let me play in peace
game-hours: 334.1
review: www
game-hours: 43.8
review: love it...great graphics
game-hours: 1925.9
review: best game
game-hours: 1042.1
review: TSS. I WANT PUDGE SET! GRRR
game-hours: 104.7
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 994.2
review: A vilg legjobb jtka.
game-hours: 435.2
review: get this game, to good to turn down
game-hours: 135.0
review: 6/5
game-hours: 2017.5
review: dota sucks
game-hours: 2082.4
review: After guild wars, i was looking for a new addiction, found it in doto :P
game-hours: 924.6
review: It's so good I've been on fire while playing it and I've continued to play it while onlookers merely put the fire out. I dominated with Sniper and a Desolator.
game-hours: 1185.5
review: The best way to have fun and laugh with friends and/or the best way to become racist and/or just hate people. Until you learn how to play, you will get the sweetest beating from russians probably, but as you play along you will be part of the hate community, eventually, My advice as any other who played the first DotA, learn with BOT matches the heroes, afterwards go in the vs players match section. You might get shouted and screamed at and called noob if you screw the match up. If you experience such things, do not worry, you are on the right way of being addicted to it as the rest ofthe "crew". Have fun & Good luck! PS: there are girls that play the game, most of the time you will hear them on the voice chat ;)
game-hours: 277.7
review: superb....
game-hours: 636.3
review: Dota2 lets you pick what servers you want to play in, but no matter what your playing with russians or hispanics. They will yell at you in broken english or in their home laungage, they well call you "noob" becuase its one of the only words they know. If you play dota2 you will grow to hate anyone that can't speak english. 11/10, Would play again
game-hours: 1768.4
review: i love dota 2 ! the best game ever !
game-hours: 1888.0
review: .
game-hours: 805.1
review: Great Game!
game-hours: 15.7
review: It's a little hard to play. It's all about the strategies and group action. I would say this is the hardest moba to play out there, but also the one who have a grat community and great rules.
game-hours: 484.6
review: Not enough hats.
game-hours: 1912.7
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 14.9
review: nice better than lol
game-hours: 118.3
review: we have a lot of enjoyment with this game.. :)
game-hours: 2058.2
review: The Best Game.
game-hours: 2220.2
review: insoma
game-hours: 5035.8
review: The best way to learn Tagalog and Russian on the Internet! All for the low, low price of your self-esteem and faith in humanity! GET IT NOW!
game-hours: 80.0
review: My name Hilmi, dota 2, so hopefully I pro like mushi....
game-hours: 1081.5
review: I like this game very much since I played it. So try it too.
game-hours: 1850.8
review: Dota 2 is the most best game ever :D
game-hours: 1937.5
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 153.2
review: Great game!
game-hours: 740.5
review: My favourite game since forever. I highly recomend it to anyone who is willing to learn a lot.
game-hours: 1082.3
review: i've never played a game as wonderful as DOTA 2 ty :D
game-hours: 1275.5
review: Good game, Well Played
game-hours: 35.3
review: I blow
game-hours: 1791.6
review: As long as you have some commitment and maybe friends to play with, this game can offer great experiences. Just don't get scared by the big learning curve and watch videos of people like Purge, who know what they are doing.
game-hours: 1536.2
review: This is the best game!!
game-hours: 2219.8
review: errr merrr gerd so good and fun
game-hours: 2219.8
review: errr merrr gerd so good and fun
game-hours: 2779.2
review: This game ruined my life.
game-hours: 2766.3
review: pikikuk! lifetime game
game-hours: 1081.6
review: Dota 2 Will Suck The Life Out Of You..
game-hours: 529.8
review: JUST I LOVE IT <3
game-hours: 820.6
review: AWESOME
game-hours: 1199.5
review: THE BEST OF THE BEST PLAYER
game-hours: 2146.2
review: uhmm this game changed my life cause its so easy to play this game i played this since beta with my friends ... thanks valve or volvo haha
game-hours: 3184.4
review: game out there
game-hours: 477.7
review: i never see to clock if i play this game O.o kwkwkw
game-hours: 1329.3
review: This game was awesome, From its Graphic, textures, Animation skill, etc, U can Play with bot ( NPC ) or public ( The other Player), Its better than old model ( Of Course ), Well i cant say much anymore, because its really too many ...
game-hours: 1357.1
review: no comment
game-hours: 1344.7
review: i love dota 2 :)
game-hours: 2.5
review: LoL  melhor !
game-hours: 1123.5
review: goog game
game-hours: 2170.3
review: I recommend this game in case you want to lose the will to live.
game-hours: 4526.4
review: YOU HAVE FAKKING INVISIBILITY BEETCH WHY YOU DON'T EAT? YEBANO BYLAT PIDORAZ BYLAT. BALANAR 400HP. WHY NO USE ULTI? TARD. BEETCH. HELLO MY NAME GAMBURGER I EAT GAMBUGERS NO BRAIN. NO BRAIN. FAKKING GAMBURGER . TALK ENGLISH BABY? YOUR MOM IS FAKKING BABY. BEETCH.
game-hours: 1579.0
review: nice game!
game-hours: 2498.1
review: GG that needs WP
game-hours: 1800.8
review: FUN
game-hours: 4.3
review: helo
game-hours: 1761.4
review: The best MOBA ever
game-hours: 804.5
review: You'll die, then you'll live, then you'll die and you will live, until you die. Then, you'll live and die, and live. And you'll be treated as less than a dump-filled crap-bucket along the way. 11/10, would definitely recommend.
game-hours: 1218.5
review: Keep calm and play Dota 2.
game-hours: 1543.8
review: Smart Game For Smart People
game-hours: 899.4
review: This game combines amazing graphics with the nescesity of teamwork. You'll scream in anger and cry tears of joy play it once and you'll be addicted play it twice and you'll fall in love, 10-10
game-hours: 2056.2
review: Very addicting!
game-hours: 2496.8
review: Dota 2 is one of the best games ever!!
game-hours: 1801.2
review: A unique and epic follow-up to the old and infamous DotA, that not only lives up to a really long-built reputation, but surpasses its predecessor in every possible way. Riskier, faster, stronger, more rewarding, frustrating at times, but funnier nonetheless. And maybe what tends to be in the eyes of the gamer a flaw and a massive drawback, might perhaps and personally be the game's greatest characteristic that will only keep reinventing itself viciously in terms of endless gaming; it's very hard to learn, considering that after taking years for one to accustom themselves in every dirty, tricky and veteran way of DOTA 2, they might have a long way ahead in order to truly master it. But, can this really happen? -
game-hours: 1193.6
review: :) Yes
game-hours: 40.0
review: good game
game-hours: 1327.8
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 1671.7
review: Too much #SWEGE and MLG big plays are bring this game to next-gen status for scrublets everywhere, beware the yolo 360 noscope sniper pro assasination trickshots
game-hours: 1641.0
review: It gets better, eventually.... (find friends)
game-hours: 1461.8
review: Best MOBA ever....
game-hours: 1161.8
review: Cool
game-hours: 12.2
review: Best game
game-hours: 2471.0
review: Dota 2 for life. Dota 2 rockssss.
game-hours: 506.7
review: If you're going to spend any time playing either this and/or League of Legends, this is a far more interesting use of your time. Here are a list of pros and cons: Pros: -Heroes have integrity and character -Hats -Carries don't build the same things as each other -There is no designated "jungler" role -Game mechanics don't change to accommodate bad players -Game mechanics don't change to accommodate immature players -volvo -Holiday themed game modes in which you can obtain hats -Game mechanics don't change to accommodate whiny players -Hat trading -gaben -Victories are highly satisfying -The game is highly cerebral -Half-Life 3 confirmed -Also, hats Cons: -The matchmaking system is suspicious -Russians not playing on the Russian servers As you can see, the pros clearly outweigh the cons. By this metric, you should most definitely play this hat simulator, I mean, game.
game-hours: 588.5
review: aaa
game-hours: 329.4
review: an awesome game
game-hours: 4320.6
review: Matchmaking is still broken.
game-hours: 7017.0
review: dadad
game-hours: 595.8
review: awesome game
game-hours: 254.8
review: Best2..
game-hours: 618.8
review: good
game-hours: 2421.7
review: One of the best language learning tool on the internet. Malaysian, Pinoy, Korean, sometimes even Russian for the low low price of your self-esteem and faith to others. Cool game. May cause bipolar disorder, internal bleeding, depression, heart-attack leading to death and you will become reclusive. And also, sohai pukimak cao ni ma Najib, chibai puj bobo wkwkwkwk. 2/10 would NOT bang.
game-hours: 1214.0
review: It's Dota 2...the best you can get
game-hours: 259.5
review: The best is when your team has a bad game and the guy with aspergers (DOTA requires at least 1 per team at all times - kind of like when you play intramural soccer and you have to have 2 girls on the field at all times or you forfeit) starts complaining that everyone on the team is anything from a "scrub" to a "f@#!ing f@#%ot" who should "uninstall" and "kill themselves". Of course this happens after they call mid within .46 seconds of the game starting and they have pinged the map at least 1.6 million times. It helps that there is an 80% chance that you will play a hero you are completely unfamiliar with, since there are 1.4 billion of them. My favorite is when you get a hero that you have never played before and their abilities require you to do complex math. Much enjoy. Such amazing. CAN'T. GET. ENOUGH.
game-hours: 2038.0
review: nice game !
game-hours: 2805.3
review: DotA 2 are always my first priority game. DotA 2 always the best game.
game-hours: 395.1
review: Free game, excellent. You know why? Because done VALVE.
game-hours: 625.6
review: :))
game-hours: 1970.5
review: my item has stolen plz help me T_T
game-hours: 1769.6
review: nice , epic!!
game-hours: 49.5
review: new age of moba games
game-hours: 1977.3
review: best MOBA game ever! love it!
game-hours: 1814.3
review: FUN MOBA
game-hours: 1940.0
review: :)
game-hours: 118.1
review: I'm suck in this game, but i love it!
game-hours: 2881.1
review: like
game-hours: 5955.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 3684.3
review: +88my fuerer!
game-hours: 3459.4
review: This is an excellent game. Very addictive and it's free. I give it a 4/5 rating. With a few minor improvements I would consider it a perfect game. A must have for any game collection.
game-hours: 2634.8
review: This game has changed me life. I love dota and will travel to watch TI4. #NAVER DONDO
game-hours: 1388.4
review: good
game-hours: 2657.0
review: ,100%!!!
game-hours: 927.5
review: GOod
game-hours: 1037.0
review: good game
game-hours: 588.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 4692.5
review: :)
game-hours: 1563.9
review: Nice Game :)
game-hours: 856.4
review: best game and better then dota 1 :)
game-hours: 1502.7
review: Dota 2 is acutally pronounced  2...
game-hours: 2329.5
review: ....
game-hours: 0.3
review: This game is very inspiring! Very fun and amusing. I reccommed this to you gamers!
game-hours: 2471.3
review: Bye bye social life xD
game-hours: 1235.1
review: AWESOME GAME
game-hours: 334.3
review: _
game-hours: 1426.8
review: best MOBA game on 2013! <3
game-hours: 1281.7
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 1206.1
review: TOOK MY LIFE AWAY :3
game-hours: 550.7
review: nice !!!
game-hours: 56.4
review: Genial este juego
game-hours: 1105.8
review: Come lets all Play Dota2 Its awesome
game-hours: 1377.5
review: Once you get sucked up in dota2, there's no turning back!
game-hours: 742.2
review: this game is truly amazing 10/10 all you have to do is to pick what russia you want to play in!
game-hours: 1355.6
review: its just one f d awesome games u vl ever play,,, TRY it
game-hours: 2551.2
review: At the moment, I have a whooping 1000+ hours spent on Dota 2. Dota 2 itself is the stand alone placement after DotA, a WC3 Custom Map, which has been getting reworked with a new graphic and engine, that can support future updates to the game. In total, Dota 2 is very addicting, with it's system of Free to Play, with no buff for premium player, because the only thing you can buy in game is just cosmectics, so Users with cash will not own you like in the other F2P model game. So, Dota 2 is really worth it, and hopefully it will be upgraded into betterment in the future, as well as become the best E-sports in the world.
game-hours: 1290.4
review: Dota 2 is ok is guess
game-hours: 1020.9
review: The Best
game-hours: 3003.5
review: Great fun game, even if it is competetive or with your buddies. :) Definitely recommended. Constant updates with jaw dropping content.
game-hours: 771.9
review: really happy to play dota 2 :D
game-hours: 81.8
review: -console
game-hours: 29.5
review: awesome
game-hours: 2826.2
review: xd
game-hours: 343.2
review: Best free to play game. 10/10 :)
game-hours: 2001.6
review: nc game!!1
game-hours: 37.1
review: You... CAN EAT ING TREES? BEST GAME 10/10
game-hours: 1050.4
review: gg
game-hours: 605.6
review: Ruined my life...
game-hours: 4394.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 2315.4
review: Huge waste of your precious time. Don't bother with it.
game-hours: 371.1
review: Beautiful...
game-hours: 324.1
review: One server only please :)
game-hours: 978.6
review: good game
game-hours: 35.5
review: Love the game.
game-hours: 851.1
review: Most addicting game ever. Once you play it, you'll never stop.
game-hours: 1359.5
review: The best game ever!
game-hours: 1148.4
review: I've spent more hours playing this game than being with my loved ones.
game-hours: 1449.4
review: good game, i love it
game-hours: 519.7
review: good game
game-hours: 2670.1
review: a game that is easy to get addicted :) and the items are so expensive =.=
game-hours: 466.1
review: .
game-hours: 244.6
review: ?
game-hours: 706.6
review: Awesome game and very fun when you get used to it XD.
game-hours: 396.4
review: good time waster, lol
game-hours: 1289.3
review: Best Game Ever !!
game-hours: 2718.3
review: very god
game-hours: 41.2
review: Dota 2 is nice game i aslo like game Iam playing 8 year old player He his good i Suggest you all play dota2?!
game-hours: 630.0
review: Learning russian has never been easier.  !
game-hours: 1595.9
review: Best game ever :D
game-hours: 2128.1
review: Good Game! GG!
game-hours: 25.9
review: Hey everyone! Yes, i REALLY love this game, its epic, with all the heroes and special effects and stuff, but. I have a bit of a problem - when i accept any match, the loading screen appears, then or the game crashes just then, or the display of the computer gets half-black and half-river image. then it laggs out first in the audio, then in the whole game, and the game still crashes. HELP!!! I REALLY WANNA PLAY DOTA 2 BUT I CANT!!!!!! Btw: Dudes! Try this game! ITS FREAKING EPIC!!!
game-hours: 232.6
review: just awesome
game-hours: 597.5
review: nice
game-hours: 758.7
review: idk how to describe this game bec. is very awesome :D (Y)
game-hours: 3828.5
review: This game needs teamwork and agood amount of fingers. Use it wisely
game-hours: 518.0
review: Amazing!
game-hours: 611.2
review: Its really a fun game..you guys should try it!!!
game-hours: 525.6
review: Its good game, but I think you can rage because those moments when someone is just killing you is just insane But stil good game :)
game-hours: 821.1
review: Very beautiful game, im addicted. Meepo is love. Meepo is life.
game-hours: 1055.3
review: Best multiplayer game ever.
game-hours: 2106.9
review: Great, But if you're playing with Russians you are going to lose :)
game-hours: 340.1
review: =)
game-hours: 953.4
review: Keep Moving Forward ! :)
game-hours: 304.0
review: best game
game-hours: 1481.4
review: doto is good
game-hours: 845.7
review: place to feed
game-hours: 791.0
review: wow
game-hours: 272.3
review: BEST GAME EVER! I've only been playing for a few months and I love it already. Great gameplay, pretty good graphics, and almost all my steam friends I met off this game. Really friendly community. And you may think it will be repetitive, but it definitely isn't. Every game has different people. Different heroes to work with. Different heroes to fight against. And there are 108 different heroes to choose from. My favourite is sniper. If you love this game then join my group, Ninja Skilled Ronins, or read my guide (and rate up), sniper (tips and builds).
game-hours: 330.0
review: :D
game-hours: 1017.9
review: I bought the PA arcana set for the items drop . I only got 3 drops 2 from my set ,it has been like 6-8 game that contract was denied or completed and we won the game but no drop??? can u only get a limited amount of drops or what??
game-hours: 994.5
review: Shururururu! Dota2
game-hours: 720.6
review: :)
game-hours: 560.6
review: A++
game-hours: 1302.9
review: The best way to take 4 of your good friends and make them your enemies, but its sooo worth it. Once you get the hang of it, it's hard to stop. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED. :D
game-hours: 176.1
review: nice game for all ages, it develop teamwork, discipline, patience that molds a better person. :) also for fun playing along with your friends..
game-hours: 1965.8
review: A very strategic game that challenges every people's mind making it alot more difficult than other MMO's
game-hours: 486.9
review: Quite nice game, I am collecting a team, english players only
game-hours: 81.0
review: 10/10 OP!!!
game-hours: 429.7
review: why i can't add this game to my library?????????????
game-hours: 1954.6
review: Got E's and F's in my GCSE. Thanks Dota I love you! Must be the best game I have ever played! :)
game-hours: 430.2
review: Quite possibly the best game I have played in the last 20 years of gaming. A true strategy game, which relies on teamwork more than who is the faster builder. Truly brilliant. Regular updates keep the game fresh, and who can argue about the cost for this game. This is a game which fits the saying, "Takes minutes to learn, but will take a lifetime to master".
game-hours: 366.0
review: does anyone know how to solve dota2 error "could not load library client?
game-hours: 56.0
review: I Love Glynis Lechoco I Wanna Marry Her
game-hours: 2881.6
review: This game is awsome. I spend all day to play it and never ever fell boring with it.
game-hours: 1601.0
review: life sucking game
game-hours: 1484.7
review: BEST
game-hours: 1084.5
review: BGE!
game-hours: 206.2
review: i like the game and it good to play with friend and work good in a team and i rate the game 5/5
game-hours: 84.1
review: ,    .         (    5  5)
game-hours: 2401.2
review: Forget Rosetta Stone, learn Russian here for free! - /10
game-hours: 1309.1
review: Fantastic Game!=short review
game-hours: 451.7
review: good game
game-hours: 901.3
review: Nothing gets me more pissed off than playing pub games, my blood preasure has atleast doubled, this game is depressing me. But i wont stop playing 10/10
game-hours: 1107.2
review: Nice game, so addicting!!
game-hours: 4.6
review: It gave me a raging erection. 10/10
game-hours: 2482.9
review: very nice !
game-hours: 259.7
review: <3
game-hours: 903.2
review: lol
game-hours: 1280.2
review: meepo!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 347.3
review: <3
game-hours: 1215.7
review: I just want to get community pillar. Please ignore.
game-hours: 1839.9
review: Played over 1000 hours play it almost everyday at least for 2 hours very fun make sure you have a 5 man party of friends or you'll prob have noobs on your team :p
game-hours: 2616.3
review: nice a game for playing
game-hours: 1296.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 343.6
review: it's not LoL
game-hours: 1400.3
review: Best MOBA ever
game-hours: 2544.9
review: Best MOBA !!
game-hours: 97.1
review: Cool game
game-hours: 685.8
review: :D
game-hours: 45.3
review: good :D
game-hours: 767.0
review: bestest game ever
game-hours: 98.8
review: This game is must have,I mean if you have played League of legends this is same kind of game expect diffrent champions/heroes.Heres some game Rewies:Must have pc game of all time 11/dolphin IKEA BEST GAME AWAAH 100/100 GAMESTOP (Legit I know)
game-hours: 689.2
review: GGWP PAKING
game-hours: 960.9
review: Makes me want to learn Russian Is like Skyrim with Guns 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 778.4
review: FULL PACK OF ENJOYMENT
game-hours: 1269.7
review: dota 2 is totally addictive hehehe
game-hours: 753.6
review: ok
game-hours: 117.1
review: nice
game-hours: 2517.5
review: I love this gave!
game-hours: 1783.5
review: Wow Such Skill Very Doto 10/10 btter tahn Laeeg Of Lejends LvL 25 Meepo Very Such Wow
game-hours: 2536.7
review: A game... where hating Russians becomes a religion, where your dreams get crushed and your patience and will are tested. And as soon as you give up on EU servers and take the burden of 150+ Ping on US East You realize your mistake... Americans flame like water kissing burning oil play worse than your standard Igor playing "MID OR FEED !" And you start to miss your best Ally/Enemy who doesnt even remotely speak your language. the random russian guy shouting BLYAT in his potato microphone while hearing the worst Techno you ever heard in the background. 10/10 for making me hate this game so much, but still making me come back after everytime.
game-hours: 4668.2
review: Free game, great graphics, and almost 100 heroes to choose from--not to mention the deep strategy.
game-hours: 2217.7
review: I learned how to flame other peple in russian and made me remember how much I hate the human race 10/10 GG
game-hours: 249.5
review: How to learn Russian in a day.
game-hours: 189.9
review: nice...
game-hours: 296.9
review: Dota 2 is one of those games that gets better every time I play it. Even though it's played on the same map every time, every game is still different one way or another. There are over 100 heroes to play as, which makes the game incredibly complex. I've put about 100 hours in to Dota 2, and I still have no idea what half of them do. Some focus on healing, others focus on beating the crap out of everything. It's a fun and frustrating game, but mostly fun. It has a giant learning curve, so prepare to put alot of time into this one. The game is excellent. (9/10 or 90%)
game-hours: 239.6
review: Best realtime strategic MOBA game! Endless posibilities and the only limitation is the player. 10/10
game-hours: 1630.4
review: nice game all
game-hours: 200.0
review: hay
game-hours: 577.6
review: DOTA really has changed quit a bit. I love how it has the new "All-pick" thing. The sales are better now! And there is just so much awesome stuff happening in DOTA 2! Also, its free now! Love the game. Strongly reccomend to people who have played LOL.
game-hours: 1024.1
review: Awesome, Addictive, Hard to Stop Playing!
game-hours: 4249.3
review: A unique blend of online RTS and RPG action. If you're looking for best moba in the world, play DotA.
game-hours: 293.5
review: yes
game-hours: 484.0
review: dota2
game-hours: 1568.4
review: best tool for learning a new language, especially Russian :)
game-hours: 476.7
review: This is awesome. :D O yeah!
game-hours: 1433.0
review: good
game-hours: 1746.3
review: Nice game) With her isn't boring
game-hours: 116.5
review: This game is SOOO AMAZING but League of Legends is better !
game-hours: 139.0
review: a lot of improvement, especially graphics game...addicted game
game-hours: 419.4
review: Achtung: Absolutes Suchtpotenzial !
game-hours: 2499.0
review: Fun Game :D Very addicting.
game-hours: 1007.1
review: best ever <3
game-hours: 2103.3
review: Muito melhor que League of Legends.
game-hours: 1145.4
review: Dota  o melhor moba j criado !
game-hours: 1483.2
review: very good
game-hours: 1145.0
review: Cool
game-hours: 1346.7
review: Games that never get bored and fun to play with friends.
game-hours: 1477.9
review: Awesome and simple . :D
game-hours: 2196.8
review: , .
game-hours: 3536.7
review: Dota is a game where you can say the words are you thinking what Im thinking? and be reliably assured that the person on the other end of your VoIP connection actually is.
game-hours: 1174.5
review: Ruined my life 11/10 Game of the year every year
game-hours: 1881.1
review: addicting
game-hours: 284.8
review: Limited heros is hell, Russians are hell, everything else is pretty fun.
game-hours: 1650.2
review: If you like russians, speak russian or are russian, this is the game for you.
game-hours: 1940.9
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 3244.3
review: something really good...
game-hours: 2467.6
review: Best in the world.
game-hours: 2513.7
review: haha?
game-hours: 107.3
review: Some of the most fun I have had with a game in a long time. Considering that my favorite game of all time is Warcraft 2: Tides of Darkness.
game-hours: 1048.3
review: Don't be angry when you loose, because of the words bobo or putang inang in your team,there is a high chance of loosing.
game-hours: 60.1
review: Awsome game... try it ;)
game-hours: 1869.0
review: it's very nice
game-hours: 400.2
review: This is the best game ever . I got many friends , I can learn teamwork , and etc
game-hours: 5.7
review: It's pretty good. Going to take a while to get used to
game-hours: 967.4
review: Such doto, many deaths.
game-hours: 1764.9
review: mother russia
game-hours: 2200.5
review: BEST SIMULATOR TO LEARN RUSSIAN
game-hours: 1545.2
review: best of the best !
game-hours: 1138.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 612.9
review: Wow. Much recommend. Such Dota. Amaze. Very Ownage.
game-hours: 410.0
review: I suck
game-hours: 85.0
review: For the ppl that like to annoy other ppl online XD
game-hours: 854.4
review: cant connect to dota 2 server....pls slove the problem
game-hours: 1814.2
review: New generation of DotA, new Ancient, and more Defensive
game-hours: 2314.5
review: A lovely game, every online-gamer fan should play Dota 2.
game-hours: 274.0
review: amazing dota 2
game-hours: 2183.1
review: very nice game
game-hours: 4108.5
review: The best, most complex, difficult and challanging game out there
game-hours: 779.2
review: This game is awesome.
game-hours: 917.7
review: Alalalala
game-hours: 1782.2
review: Hated hearing about it at first, but a good game when you play it. Better than that over rated piece of crap League of Legends.
game-hours: 1957.8
review: Very nice game
game-hours: 1889.7
review: Nobody is able to withstand the power of the Skywrath
game-hours: 3395.8
review: a good game
game-hours: 4028.7
review: this game owns so fun!!
game-hours: 1819.3
review: long live DotA2~
game-hours: 1468.2
review: One of my best favorite game!
game-hours: 278.3
review: )
game-hours: 1531.9
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 2010.4
review: Very good game
game-hours: 1043.0
review: Dota will most likely sap away your life! I have been playing it for well over a decade (from when DOTA was a WC3 map) and still enjoy the competitive forum above anything else to be played on PC. The learning curve can be quite rough, especially if you jump right into the deep end competing against well experienced players. Having said that; if that is the worst thing I could find to say about it and then considering all the fantastic ideas that are being implemented to make this incredible game more beginner friendly I'm pretty much saying nothing bad at all. Just that this game is well worth the time spent getting to know the basics and then honing one's skills. Great game!!!
game-hours: 1026.0
review: best rts game ever!
game-hours: 10.2
review: its alrightonce u beat Calster10 the game just becomes easy
game-hours: 1433.7
review: this the very nice game i'v been played. ,
game-hours: 47.4
review: good game
game-hours: 407.3
review: Watch in awe as pro Puck players do a variety of obscene things to your .
game-hours: 32.7
review: Yes!
game-hours: 1938.1
review: yes!!! best game ever!
game-hours: 547.6
review: Before I didnt know this game I though it was noob game, but when I started to play this game my opinions very changed..This time its my favourite game.
game-hours: 324.2
review: Well, I never expected to like this game, or even be able to get into it. Here I am over 250 hours later wondering what happened to all that time I spent. Also, I still suck.
game-hours: 789.4
review: IMI PLACE!*herp derp face*
game-hours: 646.3
review: this is awesome!
game-hours: 810.9
review: ...
game-hours: 456.8
review: Great game.
game-hours: 2903.1
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 4092.7
review: gg
game-hours: 1231.3
review: This game is just too great, and I may as well put it in my top ten games. The gameplay is always changing and there is such a variety of characters, it has something new in each and every match. The events like Diretide and Frostivus are great fun for a bit as well. The only downside is the poor interaction between players which usually includes foul language, and sadly i do partake in it. Still a great game. 9.5/10
game-hours: 904.3
review: Better than sex, and seeing as how you won't get any to begin with, PLAY DOTA.
game-hours: 2869.4
review: Good Game :D
game-hours: 305.7
review: best game ive ever played download it now!
game-hours: 2701.8
review: Steep learning curve required, but rewarding and enjoyable game as a whole. VERY addictive and time consuming.
game-hours: 1193.7
review: EPIC game. and very fun
game-hours: 1632.6
review: game seru yang gak ada matinya. patut dicoba deh
game-hours: 54.1
review: AmaziN! )
game-hours: 445.4
review: The bringer of peace. The face of torment. The destroyer of worlds. DotA 2 is a strong game due to it's ability to command different levels of skill. But such as a game can yield a high skill ceiling, such a thing can also lead to several downfalls. DotA has a tendancy to bring out the worst in some folk that might otherwise be pleasant enough outside of the game's clutches. Toxicity in mobas, however, is not in DotA alone, nor only in mobas themselves. As any game goes, the people you face will ultimately vary and it's up to you as the player on who you should focus on and how you should adequately respond. Focusing on the warmer characters and ignoring those who aren't will produce a better gaming experience for all involved and create better teamwork, and that's important in a team-based game. That aside DotA 2 has fantastic gameplay and, if you're willing to put in the time, you will gain more from the experience. It's free. It's accessable. It's certainly worth a try.
game-hours: 340.2
review: nice
game-hours: 1660.4
review: Its so Beautfiul :D
game-hours: 575.4
review: sounds good
game-hours: 305.6
review: ~
game-hours: 881.6
review: nc game
game-hours: 716.9
review: lel wat
game-hours: 12.5
review: Just Epic Game !
game-hours: 242.2
review: rat dotko best dotko lulz
game-hours: 1672.4
review: Simply because this is DOTO !!
game-hours: 2048.9
review: If you're just a mere casual player looking for something to that you can use to kill time, then turn back now as Dota 2 is not the game for you. Dota 2 is unrivaled when it comes to balance, and competiveness. You will seldom come across a video game that requires as much cooperation and teammork, and let's not forget thlat is also unrivaled for being brutally unforgiving. New comers will undoubtly struggle, and the learning curve will sure drive away many new players but those who prevail will have experience one of the greatest possible experiences they will come across in gaming. Dota 2 is all about tactics and strategy. Everything you do or purchase from the in-game shop will have a significant effect on the outcome of the game, for good or worse. It is also where creativity with unconvential hero drafts or unorthodox item builds can either make you or break you, this is what makes Dota 2 so great. Getting into every aspect and detail into the game would require more than just a few paragraphs as this game is so immese and in-depth. I am writing this review almost with under 2,000 hours of gameplay under my belt, and I am not ashamed to say I am no master or expert, to the contrary actually I am just an average Dota 2 gamer who still questions himself, will I ever stop playing this game? Will Dota 2 ever get boring and old? I doubt it.
game-hours: 261.3
review: So addictive!
game-hours: 1639.7
review: the most exciting game ever..!
game-hours: 117.1
review: good game, low spec but need stable connection.
game-hours: 203.4
review: wicked
game-hours: 1889.3
review: I used to have a life, now i have DotA. 10/10 way better then life.
game-hours: 1899.4
review: DOTO..
game-hours: 818.6
review: Dobra
game-hours: 924.3
review: Dota2 erfllt fr mich jedes erdenkliche Kriterium dass ein Spiel erfllen muss. Es macht ewig lange Spa, hat einen potenziell hohen Suchtfaktor, erfllt den Spieler mit Freude sowie Verzweiflung, hat seine Hochs und Tiefs und ist fr mich eines meiner Lieblingsspiele geworden.
game-hours: 1888.2
review: The only multiplayer game that I know of that after 500+ hours you're still a n00b. Incredibly complex, and competitive this game delivers everything a mmo gamer could possibly want and more. From the beautiful graphics to the strategic-action packed gameplay you will be on the edge of your seat the entire time.
game-hours: 1853.6
review: epic game ever :3
game-hours: 1248.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 1508.8
review: Can cause random erections, loss of social skills and huge hatred for anyone who speaks spanish. 10/10
game-hours: 2186.4
review: doma 2 is a meticulously realized hubworld that is completely to scale with the anazom rainforest. we had a fully qualified team to scope out this forest for they can make it a complete scale replica thats scaled
game-hours: 18.0
review: Tactical and teamwork game.
game-hours: 763.6
review: Super Like Playing DOta 2
game-hours: 643.5
review: good game
game-hours: 653.6
review: So many hours passed, still a noob. 10/10
game-hours: 2606.9
review: ===
game-hours: 31.4
review: wew
game-hours: 981.5
review: Dota is like a basketball which it is not just a game but a teamwork game where you have to plan a strategy to win just like basketball...
game-hours: 797.5
review: Best game every and to think it all startet for warchraft 3 maps
game-hours: 4669.4
review: only play this game when im high, and i always high
game-hours: 1773.5
review: Nice
game-hours: 453.7
review: nice
game-hours: 3161.6
review: goodd
game-hours: 1095.8
review: e foarte frumoasa dota 2
game-hours: 2855.3
review: this is a good game players need to combine skills and giving 101% concentration to survive in this game overall this game is worth to play
game-hours: 2304.1
review: NICE GAME EVER LOOOL
game-hours: 2384.1
review: AWESOME
game-hours: 3367.6
review: i highly recommend this game. it so good
game-hours: 1688.0
review: ,        .
game-hours: 2827.0
review: Thank Vavle and Ice Frog for create a Dota 2 That is good game ever Thank u
game-hours: 2305.6
review: very good game and interesting to play, cmon join and play together !
game-hours: 1347.1
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 30.9
review: I leik diz gam
game-hours: 1540.7
review: Good
game-hours: 1731.0
review: nice apm sallaldar bash is really hard .
game-hours: 2.6
review: League of Legends: Valve Edition
game-hours: 2604.0
review: love it
game-hours: 754.3
review: GG
game-hours: 64.8
review: Meh. Needs more maps.
game-hours: 29.8
review: one of the best games ever
game-hours: 656.6
review: como e q pula
game-hours: 1479.2
review: This game is a really good game it deserves to have more ppls playing it and it has the best sets better than any game of it s type the most creative workshop ppls and the most epic plays and ppls that u could even see.There are few disavandeges which are gettting fixed but they don t effect the game much if it was to grade it from 0-100 i would say 100 because it has all things in it in fun well a bit of rasicm which can be get used to and a bit of ppls who expect from athers more but it remains still Dota 2 as in Dota 1 stuff where more harder so Thank u creators of Dota 2 and u people enjoy the game (not the real morgan just a fake guy XDXDXDXD)
game-hours: 2122.9
review: 123
game-hours: 3947.2
review: GOOD
game-hours: 2140.0
review: I hate myself for playing this game. Installing it was the best decision I ever made.
game-hours: 895.9
review: <3333333333333333
game-hours: 1222.9
review: dota gg
game-hours: 1346.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 1081.8
review: Excelent game ever
game-hours: 1743.8
review: Nice game
game-hours: 1177.8
review: This game is awesome
game-hours: 485.2
review: fun...
game-hours: 190.0
review: nice one
game-hours: 745.3
review: the best of the best
game-hours: 1122.1
review: A great game to kill time
game-hours: 1652.3
review: good game
game-hours: 894.5
review: best game
game-hours: 1015.6
review: This Game very good :)
game-hours: 1724.5
review: dddd
game-hours: 253.6
review: i like dota2 it feels me .....
game-hours: 3913.1
review: i like this game because this game teach you how to play teammate, with awesome your strategy to beat the enemy. and this game can be as earn money $_$
game-hours: 3372.2
review: love this game
game-hours: 365.6
review: nice
game-hours: 1076.0
review: You will never "get the hang of this" or "fully understand" all the ins and outs of this Esport. It can be one of the most frustrating, annoying soul crushing games. But when it starts coming together and you have a good group that knows how to play together its amazing. Unless you have 400 hours to spend on this game i wouldnt bother, because even with around 400 hours you will still be a fairly rank amateur.
game-hours: 2453.9
review: i will recommend this vedeo for some tips on how to support...^^ but im still studying how support player do
game-hours: 736.8
review: Cool,recomended!
game-hours: 2360.0
review: Really like the recommendations, tutorials, n all new things :D
game-hours: 5389.9
review: my life
game-hours: 1053.1
review: best game on steam
game-hours: 2009.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 1870.2
review: Too Good
game-hours: 1073.1
review: Awesom
game-hours: 936.8
review: Best Game Online Ever (y)
game-hours: 1690.8
review: Who needs viagra when this gives you a raging hard on? 2/10 would no life
game-hours: 472.3
review: !
game-hours: 415.4
review: good
game-hours: 1501.5
review: swag overload
game-hours: 848.9
review: To whoever is New to Dota 2... Good Luck, you're going to need it.
game-hours: 1963.9
review: LOVE DOTA 2 ! Aye~ ~
game-hours: 1016.8
review: AWESOME .
game-hours: 327.2
review: Dota 2 is a multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) video game and the stand-alone sequel to the Defense of the Ancients (DotA) mod. Developed by Valve Corporation, the game was officially released on July 9, 2013 as a free-to-play title for Microsoft Windows, concluding a beta testing phase that began in 2011. OS X and Linux versions of Dota 2 were released on July 18, 2013. In most regions, Dota 2 is exclusively available through Valve's content delivery platform, Steam. Each match of Dota 2 is independent and involves two teams, both containing five players and each occupying a stronghold at either end of the map. Located in each stronghold is a building called the "Ancient"; to win, a team must destroy the enemy's Ancient. Each player controls a "Hero" character and focuses on leveling up, collecting gold, acquiring items and fighting against the other team to achieve victory. Development of Dota 2 began in 2009, with the hiring of DotA developer "IceFrog" to serve as the sequel's lead designer. Dota 2 was praised by video game critics, who lauded it for remaining faithful to its predecessor while also increasing the level of production quality, as well as for its engaging and rewarding gameplay experience. However, Dota 2 was criticized as having a steep learning curve and inhospitable community. The game has become the most played on Steam, with daily peaks of over 700,000 concurrent players.[5]
game-hours: 2514.4
review: one of the best strat games i have ever played
game-hours: 1711.7
review: A great work of art on valves part, this is a game that will keep you busy for weeks, if not months. Its a bit confusing at first, but once you learn, its amazing.
game-hours: 549.4
review: nice
game-hours: 736.7
review: very enterntaining game
game-hours: 3455.5
review: Play it!
game-hours: 1881.8
review: ...
game-hours: 2598.4
review: wow
game-hours: 1140.8
review: nice
game-hours: 1812.4
review: DAVAI DAVAI  BLYAT :^)
game-hours: 2356.7
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 1627.2
review: good
game-hours: 2369.6
review: nice love you
game-hours: 1861.1
review: just cant stop playing!!.......
game-hours: 497.9
review: Fun game if teammates are good
game-hours: 1052.5
review: cool
game-hours: 1186.7
review: <3
game-hours: 4287.9
review: The Good  Deep and Rewarding team action  Matches are incredibly exciting and unpredictable  Fair Free-to-play business model  Brimming with style and personality  Intricate map offers a wealth of strategic possibilities The Bad  Will take over your life  Ruins some friendships -- Some random review.
game-hours: 2276.5
review: :D
game-hours: 1349.1
review: loads of fun when you have a great party!
game-hours: 3385.5
review: its iight
game-hours: 1089.1
review: Worst Game Ever. You can not jump ! ! ! 100/100
game-hours: 254.5
review: This tower defence type game is by far one of the best games I have played in a while! I recommend this game if you would like a challenge.
game-hours: 3800.6
review: Addicted!
game-hours: 922.3
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1319.6
review: Install all the way.....
game-hours: 2.7
review: Definitely need more skill than League of legends.
game-hours: 1066.2
review: GODLIKE!!!
game-hours: 186.3
review: great game
game-hours: 487.9
review: Great game, fun with friends
game-hours: 1180.7
review: nice
game-hours: 1050.0
review: This game is . gave me sickness. 10/10 ruined my life. still great.
game-hours: 1473.5
review: This is by far the best gaming experience I have ever had! How are you not playing this right now???
game-hours: 2870.6
review: awesome game. Very addictive. lel
game-hours: 38.9
review: prosikit
game-hours: 2.6
review: Nice Game :D
game-hours: 41.6
review: cegth kjk
game-hours: 2689.1
review: One of the best ever multi-player game really enjoy playing it started all the way from dota1 and still going on quite fun game <3 it
game-hours: 2233.3
review: WHAT A GAME
game-hours: 1060.2
review: Good game...
game-hours: 727.5
review: Is good!
game-hours: 1216.4
review: 1
game-hours: 1380.3
review: Nice
game-hours: 1410.5
review: well played awesome game
game-hours: 1019.4
review: THE MOST BEAUTIFUL GAME I EVER DID SEE VANQUISH THE MAGIC WIELDING SCUM
game-hours: 5148.0
review: yea
game-hours: 3522.3
review: ing piece of . end of story
game-hours: 2193.5
review: :D
game-hours: 11.7
review: PRO GAME EVER!!!
game-hours: 366.4
review: 10/10 gg
game-hours: 1459.9
review: nice
game-hours: 239.9
review: Do you recommend this game?
game-hours: 2606.3
review: best
game-hours: 1068.2
review: Its my life D:
game-hours: 1685.0
review: (Y)
game-hours: 717.0
review: Of course I would recomend this game. It is the standard for team based multiplayers. Everything about it is very well refined. This game is very challenging, and its learning curve is steep. Do not play this if you are looking for something easy. I can also say that without friends this game is not very fun. The best way to play this game is with a full 5 player team of all people you know well in real life. Communication is key. A well earned victory with your friends in this game hoever is the most satisfying victory that you will experience in a videogame. And that is the trade off. It is so difficult and one win is won on a road paved with hundreds of failures, but when you do win... Its everything :) If I were to critique anything about this game it would be that there isn't a 3v3 game mode. I feel like it would be a boon to the game to have a shorter game type that requires less players to play. This would allow for more fun in those times that you cant afford to put a lot of time into it.
game-hours: 1351.4
review: should quit it while you can
game-hours: 5613.8
review: Magnificent
game-hours: 679.0
review: .
game-hours: 1635.6
review: Surely the best game in Steam, best strategy game. Better than LoL, Dota 1, HoN, etc. There's nothing more you can ask for.
game-hours: 1557.4
review: Too addictive :D
game-hours: 2068.3
review: a very good game,that an upgrade version from DotA nice graphic,gameplay,one of the most enjoyable games maybe still had a bug in game but every update in this game will fix that problem
game-hours: 894.9
review: great game
game-hours: 463.8
review: enjoying :3
game-hours: 2622.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 2577.6
review: very good game i love dota 2
game-hours: 835.6
review: Awesome.
game-hours: 16.4
review: This is like mario kart but
game-hours: 711.6
review: Nice addicting game..
game-hours: 744.2
review: Really good game, fun to play!
game-hours: 6444.0
review: best game for those who want play strategy and teamwork game.
game-hours: 1001.7
review: Nice game ever ! :D
game-hours: 7.4
review: Why Dota 2 and not League of Legends ?  Achievements  Customize your hero  Better Community  Shareable items  Customizable UI
game-hours: 5774.6
review: This game is ing 10/10, I was an anti social loser with literally no friends before I started playing this game. Now I'm a even more hardcore loser and all the bronys in the club down the street look up to me for guidance since i'm for sure the most pathetic pile of  in this side of Denmark. I can only recommend this game since it have made me nothing but racist towards Russians and Peruvains (non english speakers in general) and ever since I started playing Dota I haven't been able to pronounce a common scandinavian name, Magnus (Pronounced Mavnus) as mag-nus and it's really ing weird since I know people with that name. Oh yea, also there was a lot of  going on between the 12 year olds in League, the russians in Dota and the whole "more depth in dota and it's harder" but the depth is really ing hard to see when you're stuck in the trench and blinded by a Riki smoke screen with no dust or supports to your aid.
game-hours: 805.7
review: nice
game-hours: 2513.7
review: The best game ever made! Period.
game-hours: 1479.0
review: good. gonna play it forever...
game-hours: 37.8
review: Best Game On Earth!!
game-hours: 2213.4
review: 11/10 Best Hat Simulator
game-hours: 3812.0
review: I like it
game-hours: 171.0
review: i like DOTA2
game-hours: 309.2
review: very addictive and potential
game-hours: 982.2
review: i love dota2 so much,,,, its eaasy game
game-hours: 706.5
review: never tired play this game
game-hours: 687.6
review: good game if you need reflections and yyou like moba games. in the begining its hard to learn but fun to play
game-hours: 699.2
review: the fun never ends!!!!
game-hours: 916.1
review: Nice Gaming
game-hours: 1189.1
review: This game is great !!
game-hours: 2012.4
review: 1.5k hours says enough
game-hours: 156.8
review: strate copi ov heero ov teh sturm 0/10 wud noot plak agen. game iz . i recummend teh permaben x10 (no0t ben 10 teh shoo is 4 fegggets becuz he neber a le quinnn) soberall the gam suk dik .
game-hours: 932.4
review: FREE to play! Fun with friends or solo, Great hero selection, cool drops, easy to communicate and fun to play! MUST PLAY!
game-hours: 367.2
review: so fun
game-hours: 1067.0
review: My chinese and russian has gotten loads better. Still need to work on my mexican though. Yes, mexican is a language.
game-hours: 3743.5
review: Good Game.
game-hours: 767.1
review: free2play   MOBA
game-hours: 97.9
review: Ogre magi is the most skill based char in this game.
game-hours: 1522.5
review: I Love Dota 2
game-hours: 4343.8
review: The one the 1st the mother the real MOBA DOTA Come play get stomped learn to play and enjoy it
game-hours: 1252.0
review: Game is too bad a$$...
game-hours: 511.1
review: Just reviewed...
game-hours: 372.9
review: I play this game on a casual basis and enjoy it. While I like LoL, I highly prefer this. I don't know what it is, but I prefer the artstyle, the heroes and he pace. I'd recommend this game and also tell you to use the guide option of the game.
game-hours: 1171.5
review: .
game-hours: 618.6
review: !
game-hours: 636.6
review: NICE GAME
game-hours: 130.2
review: Can be a bit difficult to get to learn, but if you put the time into learnnig then it is brilliant. Espacially when you have a team of friends to play with as tactics play a huge part in winning.
game-hours: 1458.1
review: meh/10 would bang
game-hours: 2228.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 121.7
review: Good game and just play this
game-hours: 509.7
review: DotA 2 , my first heading back into the gaming scene since leaving it back during my studies, catching up quick and also appreciate the way people play it seriously. love the amount of work put into developing it and taking it to the next level all the time!
game-hours: 3320.3
review: Awesome visual!!! Great Audio (soundfx, music, voice of character) LOVE it!! Dota2 is a high risk game, in addition to depend on our efforts in carrying out the decision, the mood was also very influential until the end of the game. If got the victory we will get an incredible mood, whereas if you lose, we will move to the bed as soon as possible lol xD I think this is not just a game, it's a lifestyle, art and culture, Of course to sharpening intelligence in making decisions. "Deur!" (Lets Go!)
game-hours: 1694.2
review: Best game ever way better compared to lol
game-hours: 3798.2
review: One EPIC  this is! xD Keep Calm and Play DotA 2
game-hours: 1041.6
review: I have spent more time with DoTa2 than any other videogame. Having logged over 1.5k hours, I can say with confidence that DoTa2 is the most rewarding game that I have ever played. DoTa offers a sense of community and acomplishment unlike any other game. Long 5v5 battles force players to communicate deeply - and winning these long battles makes the hard work even more rewarding. Although the MOBA genre in general has a VERY steep learning curve, once immersed in the world, it's hard to break out. DoTa2 is something of a magical videogame and amazing community packed into one F2P experience. Thanks valve.
game-hours: 929.6
review: Great game to play. It's a real blast with friends.
game-hours: 100.9
review: like this >.<
game-hours: 252.6
review: I would like to say some things to Valve. You see Valve you changed alot of things in Dota 2 , and there are some cool things and bad things . The good things are;Bounty Rune,The New Model for Shadow Fiend,and the Fountains. Now the bad thing is that you changed a s*** lot of things which are bad . For example;Riki,Bloodseeker,Techies,the Map,e.t.c. But the most bad thing you did wrong is changing the map! Why? I will tell you why Valve . Now in Dota 2 there are many Ganking Heroes in the game like; Pudge with his Hook, Sand King with his ulti+Blink Dagger, e.t.c.... My best friend deleted Dota 2 because of this , and according to my chart , many Dota 2 gamers have deleted Dota 2 for GOOD. Think about what I said Valve. Commend me , Add me , and Like this comment . This is Za Afro and I love you all! P.S valve theres one more thing I would like to say to you , i love you too (NO HOMO GUYS) goodbye!
game-hours: 859.0
review: this a hardcore games, that make up my spirit
game-hours: 780.2
review: good ftp game tough ^^
game-hours: 930.5
review: A well made game where you can join with friends or make new ones while battleing it out with other people. Continualy coming out with new cotent that continue to appeal to player.
game-hours: 2103.7
review: Highly Addictive, A Must play for people who enjoys teamwork. It might be hard at first if your new to the game, but with a little bit of practice, you will be able to play smoothly with other people.
game-hours: 771.1
review: Dota 2 is fun!
game-hours: 0.2
review: +1 best moba ever
game-hours: 0.2
review: this is soo good, its far better than LoL but not nearly as good as HoN but still its awesome.
game-hours: 1619.8
review: Doto is best moba, much like how people think Rainbow Dash is best pony
game-hours: 3.4
review: This game is the BEAST!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1749.0
review: w3w
game-hours: 1580.1
review: My new favorite game! It's so fun and cool.
game-hours: 1018.4
review: It's awesome, you can have many friends.
game-hours: 902.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 842.8
review: awesomeness!!!!!!!
game-hours: 587.7
review: nice game :D well played
game-hours: 974.8
review: All time fav
game-hours: 2122.5
review: lalala
game-hours: 3548.2
review: this game so cool!
game-hours: 1477.1
review: pretty good revamp of the original dota
game-hours: 1232.2
review: mantap
game-hours: 2116.0
review: Why find other Multi-Player Game if Dota 2 is HERE ?
game-hours: 1786.9
review: This game is awesome
game-hours: 2505.4
review: special 1
game-hours: 745.7
review: i have been playing this game since long days. it is a very nice game.i like it.
game-hours: 1036.4
review: its good (Y)
game-hours: 3231.4
review: GG game
game-hours: 1215.7
review: whatta wonderful game i ever played. hmm make some gg game steam. heheh
game-hours: 302.6
review: VERy 2 ADDICTED
game-hours: 171.8
review: THE BEST FREE GAME EVER + THE BEST MULTIPLAYER GAME EVAH = DOTA 2 You have to play this game. Otherwise your a scrub. LOL isnt even in the same league
game-hours: 604.7
review: HUUUUUUWOAW
game-hours: 1231.6
review: i love this game so much :)
game-hours: 1107.2
review: the most addicting multiplayer game ever ... has a hard learning curve but after that its funnnnnnnnn .......most recommended
game-hours: 170.3
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 3084.4
review: it will ruin your life, 10/10 recommended
game-hours: 29.7
review: Fake! its actuallly not a game, not even techies in it!
game-hours: 3538.0
review: Great game if without pinoy or russian
game-hours: 4.5
review: If you need this game, ask me, I have enough free gifts!
game-hours: 4759.7
review: my best game ever
game-hours: 1943.9
review: Game worth wasting time and money for! ^-^
game-hours: 1608.7
review: Once i learned how to play i started to really enjoy the game and the people in it! I recommend it to everyone to try or maybe just have a little fun!
game-hours: 459.9
review: Best Stratergy game EVER
game-hours: 2046.4
review: This game is the reason why mmorpg's are not that much of a hit anymore.
game-hours: 1100.0
review: Most awesome game
game-hours: 1584.4
review: awsome game
game-hours: 1052.2
review: Awesome game !!
game-hours: 359.2
review: play it :D HF
game-hours: 1931.5
review: virtual drug
game-hours: 792.6
review: dota 2 is the Bessstt..!!!
game-hours: 88.4
review: i really love this game and it makes me think every time i play by its game play
game-hours: 51.1
review: dota is love
game-hours: 381.7
review: awesome game. but theres one problem.. i wish steam would make dota 2 system make local lobby mode available even when theres no internet access.. T.T please they should make this update.. TT.TT
game-hours: 4544.2
review: best game ever
game-hours: 2257.5
review: cool game
game-hours: 1247.7
review: good
game-hours: 456.4
review: OI! YOU! YEAH YOU, YA IN' PL PICKIN CAANT
game-hours: 3268.3
review: gr8
game-hours: 1811.5
review: Good Game
game-hours: 1018.3
review: ...
game-hours: 1212.9
review: Very good game. Simply enjoying but time consuming. Worth every time and second you spend on this game.
game-hours: 1609.4
review: Buraco negro de vida, pior jogo que j joguei. 10/10
game-hours: 849.3
review: Dota 2 is a mess, that's what makes it best.
game-hours: 1024.1
review: zzz
game-hours: 450.3
review: This game is awful, the only reason I play it is because I have this undying urge to win a game.
game-hours: 3020.8
review: Game nh L*N. m thng Gabe Newell
game-hours: 1131.1
review: lol adibted :D
game-hours: 3783.5
review: 10/10  dota  Warcraft3
game-hours: 1773.5
review: GOOD GAME EVER
game-hours: 2288.4
review: sick
game-hours: 125.3
review: This game takes your virginity.... 10 Meepo's / 10 Meepo's
game-hours: 1148.6
review: Good game
game-hours: 904.3
review: ok
game-hours: 0.7
review: It is very fun
game-hours: 804.0
review: 5656565
game-hours: 681.9
review: Pffft......Once you play this game, it takes away youre life, its like mindcontrolling or something, its so fun....
game-hours: 3807.7
review: i spent alot of my money for this game T.T
game-hours: 797.7
review: I dont like the new version of map
game-hours: 55.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 2059.4
review: must have :)
game-hours: 288.4
review: very nice games ever :)
game-hours: 1340.5
review: nice
game-hours: 183.9
review: i realy love this :) but i wish to have a set items :(
game-hours: 2440.7
review: good game
game-hours: 3137.9
review: is ok
game-hours: 880.6
review: Good game, lots of heroes where u can play with, i recommend u this game.
game-hours: 747.1
review: Before trying out Dota 2, I did not really like MOBA overall. Until my friends persisted that I tried and I was glad I made that choice. Dota 2 is a great game that really requires teamwork(like every MOBA), but it just has this special feel that makes this f2p game a must play. It has awesome graphics and smooth mechanics and one should definitely not miss out on this game.
game-hours: 197.9
review: Best way to learn Russian. Every match Gaben guarantees at least one Russian companion. "" 9/10
game-hours: 2253.3
review: The best moba in my opinion. Great number of heroes and different skills. Thu usage of fog of war, wards, cliffs is very intelligent. And a good fact is that cashers aren't better than the other by itens, beacuse they are all cosmetics
game-hours: 16.9
review: ^_^
game-hours: 37.0
review: do YOU like league of legends? then don't play this and go play LoL you silly
game-hours: 2108.2
review: Great game and free well worth the fun. I suggest trying it, if its not for you then no harm no money lost!
game-hours: 987.9
review: nice
game-hours: 1504.3
review: do not start this game . There is no turning back.
game-hours: 494.8
review: This game has a multitude of unique heroes and abilities offering people many diffrent ways to play and create their own methods. Although the game takes many hours of playing with bots and getting yelled at by angry players, if you put your time in this game it is very much worth it. I highly reccomend dota 2 for casual, competetive and players with much time on their hands.
game-hours: 829.8
review: i love this game !
game-hours: 720.9
review: i just wanna be a pro
game-hours: 1999.9
review: i like this dota2 games than other online games
game-hours: 20.0
review: GOOD!
game-hours: 697.9
review: cool
game-hours: 1037.2
review: Try your best, never give up and see how this game makes u happy. Best moba ever!
game-hours: 538.6
review: Very good game. I play dota for 10 years. I am addicted to dota. Dota is the best mind game !
game-hours: 452.4
review: best game ever :P
game-hours: 380.9
review: Good game!!!
game-hours: 1324.9
review: ! ))))
game-hours: 407.7
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 1358.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 2063.2
review: Dota 2 is an awesome game. The game is teaches about teamwork. However this in game player usually not tolerable enough while dealing with newbie. My suggestion for new commer "you should play against bot several times till you learning a lot of it then start limited mode game"
game-hours: 1685.6
review: asd
game-hours: 1127.7
review: can't stop playing that game
game-hours: 732.7
review: gg wp
game-hours: 1268.1
review: ggwp
game-hours: 699.2
review: dota forever!
game-hours: 1389.0
review: This Game is fun and addictive and it's the one and only game I have played when I was younger from DotA 1 to DotA 2. I Recommend this game to you. But be warned it is very very very very addictive.
game-hours: 1062.0
review: why i not connect to dota2 server ?
game-hours: 935.4
review: i like this game
game-hours: 1407.0
review: Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game.. Very nice game..
game-hours: 1423.1
review: 100% lifesteal
game-hours: 1023.8
review: good game
game-hours: 461.6
review: (Y)
game-hours: 951.5
review: Map Update was bit disappointing. But All Is Great
game-hours: 417.3
review: as
game-hours: 801.9
review: Fight with my gf almost every day because this game. 11/10 would bang.
game-hours: 777.1
review: asdasdads
game-hours: 268.2
review: beautiful game
game-hours: 1019.2
review: matchmaking recconection problem suckz ! that's all
game-hours: 640.2
review: it is sooo addictive ^^
game-hours: 3187.1
review: 9.5/10 Very nice game but make sure to enable the "Mute All Chat" option ingame.
game-hours: 977.9
review: i love dota2 <3
game-hours: 1837.3
review: Challenging game with great art. Requires mass strategy. I love it. Highly addictive.
game-hours: 1086.4
review: good game
game-hours: 4274.8
review: So much dota ... so little time
game-hours: 1053.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 1375.1
review: nice strategy game ever :)
game-hours: 1531.3
review: I think this is good. Eventually ......
game-hours: 677.0
review: >Picks chen >Spam test of faith >rage insues >reported to hell >0 k 20 d >gg wp 10/10 "It's ok"
game-hours: 249.7
review: Dota 2 is by far the hardest to learn game I have ever played. However, it is one of the most fun. If you're new to Dota, and you want to get better, you have three options: 1. Practice bot games over and over using a ton of guides and such until you can consistantly beat unfair bots no problem. 2. Play a ton of games with more experienced friends (this way is the most fun). Make sure that they're close friends, because they will teach you, but if you don't listen to them and keep dying or buying bad items or whatever, they'll hate playing with you. So listen to your teachers! 3. Play games on your own and try your best, and end up being yelled at by four different people at the same time (9 if you're lucky). But if you get through the learning phase, this game becomes amazing. It's an awesome strategic game to play with friends. You'll win some and you'll lose some, but it's free and fun, so what the heck.
game-hours: 1111.9
review: nice game <3
game-hours: 172.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 2670.8
review: I can't stop to play this game It's a good game
game-hours: 323.2
review: Best MOBA,
game-hours: 488.3
review: this game is awesome in all aspect and makes me want to play it more and more hands down to it's creators and all the persons behind this awesome game !
game-hours: 2387.4
review: brutally killed a donkey using a tree. 11/10
game-hours: 1167.9
review: :D
game-hours: 885.6
review: i love this game
game-hours: 3977.7
review: good
game-hours: 89.8
review: ez game,ez life.10million TI prize pool. 11/10
game-hours: 4809.3
review: DIE motehrerrrrrrrrrrr and feed moreeeeeeeeeee
game-hours: 1711.6
review: I played it a little, confusing but good game
game-hours: 1237.7
review: Probably the best game on steam. 10/10
game-hours: 2142.8
review: ggwp
game-hours: 1513.3
review: good
game-hours: 737.3
review: z
game-hours: 633.7
review: better than lol
game-hours: 2067.0
review: "I don't like this game at all. This game is too hard. This f@#king game, man.. This f@#king game.. I don't like this f@#king game anymore, this is the worst f@#king game I've played in my entire life. I would like to switch games now. " - Sing Sing in "Dota 2 - Sing Sing Gets Bashed"
game-hours: 71.2
review: Yeah !
game-hours: 345.0
review: i like this game, need smart and fast to play this game
game-hours: 2668.1
review: ok game spend little to no time playing it as it's repetitive and boring #swagyolo
game-hours: 408.2
review: :))))
game-hours: 375.9
review: Teamwork
game-hours: 1493.6
review: You can learn tatics stratigy and ability to be the best in game
game-hours: 293.9
review: zzzzz
game-hours: 728.4
review: This is a really good MOBA style game. It has good graphics and gameplay, although the community can be quite harsh - play with bots before you start playing vs other people.
game-hours: 298.8
review: Good game
game-hours: 1503.9
review: I don't generally recommend this game, because I don't think people would generally find it fun. The best way to try it though, would be with friends that are already very familiar with the game and would enjoy teaching you. If that's the case, give it a shot. If you want to play it solo however, be prepared for an abysmal time.
game-hours: 2117.1
review: AWESOME SUPERB GAME ! ^.^
game-hours: 467.8
review: Great gameplay, teamfights are awesome, of course in parallel with other players, the better the other players, the better the teamfights will be. Continual balancing and upgrading each hero for better and better gameplay. I really recommend playing this with your friends, though be patient enough to learn almost all the mechanics and watch some professional games so that you will know what to do and not to do. Good job on this game.
game-hours: 1514.8
review: love this game~ <3
game-hours: 901.2
review: good strategic game
game-hours: 1082.4
review: GG
game-hours: 131.6
review: Its aight.
game-hours: 1.0
review: Hmm za duo o tej grze nie moge powiedzie bo mao w ni graem. Gra nie jest za jest w niej do duo postaci, no i fajnie sie w ni gra ze znajomymi.
game-hours: 1308.3
review: hello guys. to day i want to write a review about dota 2! dota 2 is looks like so bad game and looks like its for babyes. but... if you play it 3 or 4 times... you cant leave it! its good game about fun,strategy and :) scary about your health. i find so much guys playing dota 2 in everytime! and i was playing it in the so much of my time :| that was so bad for me! because i have to study but... this game is loot of fun and i cant leave it! :| if enyone know how to leave it tell me! :D whatever thats awesome game but sanctum 2 are soooooo... much better! sanctum 2 are best game for ever! if enyone dont know about it... can search it in the steam! and no one can know how much is it awesome! if enyone install it or watch the gameplays cant leave it if he like tower defense and strategy! whatever! its review for dota 2! i know next of the sanctum 2 dota 2 are better! :) if you enjoy my review dont do anything! :)
game-hours: 549.0
review: Great game . addictive
game-hours: 2192.4
review: Dota 2 is a game that started back in War Craft 3 as a mod but ended up it's own game because it was such a great idea. The competitive scene has plenty of content if you are interested in that (would recommend Beyond The Summit for ProDota stuff) and playing the game is thrilling. The learning curve is massive and very very brutal but once you start to climb, you realize that you aren't the only one and after having clocked in over 1000 hours i feel i still have room to improve and that makes this game worth playing even longer to see what your limits are. If you played Dota 2 a while ago and quit playing i don't recommend this game because it has changed substantially in the 6.82 Balance Patch basically turning our beloved Dota 2 into Dota 3. But, of course if it doesn't bother you that the game has been shaken to the foundations or you are new i definitely recommend this game to you because it is immensely fun and you can poor endless hours into it and still get pwnd like a noob by a fed bloodseeker T-T Good Luck and Have fun with this game, i highly recommend it to you dear reader and i thank you for listening to my opinion. Oh yeah, and remember: It's just a game and people will try to aggravate you, just mute them ;) - Me :D
game-hours: 25.2
review: i love game
game-hours: 15.4
review: Dota 2 is Nice Game!! :))
game-hours: 1280.1
review: good..
game-hours: 7.3
review: R.I.P Dota Community. Racism everywhere. Offensive player everywhere. Swear words everywhere. Please kill me now, because this game is 10/10 more addictive than drugs, you don't have to waste money for drugs, this is the game for you.
game-hours: 185.6
review: 1
game-hours: 193.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 4026.3
review: Void Pick Simulator 2014
game-hours: 586.0
review: Good game
game-hours: 1193.0
review: A very good game for refreshing
game-hours: 2363.1
review: Fantasic :)
game-hours: 890.5
review: While this game might be free to play, it will still cost you your sanity and 10 to 500$.
game-hours: 25.5
review: I Love it..
game-hours: 645.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 2110.9
review: This game is many things but not noob-friendly
game-hours: 1488.7
review: At first i think i wouldn't try Dota 2 cause it's too much effect.. But when i try it ,, i cant let myself go from this awesome game.. If u are a real gamers ,, u should try this great game..
game-hours: 659.1
review: 10/10 ruined my life
game-hours: 2029.1
review: govno jebanoe
game-hours: 276.8
review: Dota is sort of a combination of football and chess.
game-hours: 3462.6
review: After only spending 2,500 hours on this game I had just about mastered how to buy a courier and not feed. Then they updated the map and changed everything, i hope that if i now invest another 2,500 hours i will get above 1k mmr. 10/10 would have botty sekz with
game-hours: 3032.7
review: cant stop playing dota 2
game-hours: 2127.9
review: New meta: Armlet CM, Bloodstone Axe, Dagon ALL HEROES !!
game-hours: 1085.8
review: This game.... where do i even start. this game has consumed, no, devoured into its abyss more than a thousand hours of my life. That's like watching you're favorite tv show (without ads) for close to 3000 episodes. I would rather kill myself rather than watch 3000 episodes of tv. After all these countless hours exploring the gaping void of what seems to be, as some would call, fun, in dota 2, i have learned a few things: 1. if someone picks void, lycan or naga, leave immidiately. Do not pass go, do not collect 200 gold. 2. Do not attempt to understand russia, russian people, culture, or anything associated with the words , blyat, id inahui, etc. 3. This game will destroy your ing life Still better than LoL dan outa dan - John wins
game-hours: 1298.3
review: NC game
game-hours: 768.7
review: I made a recommendation for DotA 2 a while back, but that was when I was awful at the game. Now, that I am not awful, I can accurately explain why this is one of the greatest games I have ever played. (Good = +, Neutral = o, Bad = -) + Over 100 Unique Heroes, and, the roster is still growing! + Thousands of items to fully customize your Heroes + So many Heroes, that there is a great chance you will find your favorite one. + Hilarious announcers. o Some people of the community are asshats + So many ways to make your playstyle unique with in-game items. + Many online modes that will keep you busy + Extremely time consuming to level up, so, a level 30 isn't something you see often. Until recently of course, they had an update which make's it extremely easy to level up from 1-10. Which I dislike, I feel as if we earlier players deserve compensation, but it's not that big of a deal. + Everytime you level up, you have the chance to unlock rarer items. + Everytime you level up, you get awarded an item. + Items can be found just by playing ranked/pub matches. + Portal Pack/Stanley Parable Pack + Game is updated constantly, fixing bugs, and adding new content. + ABSOLUTELY FREE! o Addicting, which in turn will make you spend your money on in-game content. Which is of course your fault and in no way the game's fault, but it's still like a hypnotic spell. + Absolutely beautiful visuals. + Very strategic gameplay. + Great soundtrack. o Getting started can be a pain, unless you have the time, or a friend to help you. + Doesn't publish your losses, which can occassionally ruin troll's. + Even if you win or lose a match, Battle Points are handed out equally, and drop rate is the same for everybody, so, losing really isn't too much of a big deal. But, as of recent, big Battle Point Booster's are around, I have a friend who is level 7 but only has 10 game's played, I remember when I was level 7, I had around 100 game's played... it's quite annoying. + Valve allows users to create items for the game, and if your item is picked, you will get payed by Valve, and your item will be put in the game. + Matches you with people your level, so you won't be fighting a level 55. + Even if you don't notice, after playing this game, you will gradually get much better, sadly, you won't be able to notice in ranked/pub matches, since you get matched with people your level. Play this for a while, and fight one of your new friends, you will surprise yourself. + Warcraft inspired Heroes, which is incredible, since I was a big fan of Warcraft. If you don't like games that involve competing, or you easily rage quit, this isn't the game for you. But, if you're fine with rage quits, and difficult opponents, you will love this game, it's fun, and, even after 600+ hours of playing, I am still doing things I have never done before... DotA 2 Deserves 10 Kats all over it's pretty little Ancient... out of 10
game-hours: 142.1
review: One of the best free games i've played.Part(not all) of the community is perty toxic but then again each game has its own bad players. Overall it's a sweet moba game to play and I do recommend giving it a try.
game-hours: 511.6
review: The best MOBA of all the MOBAS.
game-hours: 36.7
review: like league of legends, but harder
game-hours: 1281.5
review: like
game-hours: 1678.2
review: very good game
game-hours: 1223.2
review: Dota is life.
game-hours: 1211.2
review: Its in the bag.
game-hours: 486.9
review: :D
game-hours: 1771.6
review: Release pudge war please, i love it.
game-hours: 354.2
review: hours of totally fun
game-hours: 1321.9
review: hahahahahahahaah
game-hours: 53.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 73.9
review: nice game,but expensive cosmetics
game-hours: 2331.4
review: challenging and stragetic
game-hours: 1253.1
review: excelente juego! Recomendado.
game-hours: 1383.6
review: a tha khawp a lawm...wahaha
game-hours: 2127.9
review: :)
game-hours: 479.9
review: Dota 2, a free to play strategy game wherein players team up and battle with other teams. This is so great, they improve so much the old DOTA in warcraft frozen throne, and they also add items that can freely customize your favorite heroes. Great marketing strategy, live long dota 2!
game-hours: 2481.2
review: You start out as a newcomer, trying something new. Then you get to know more people. Soon, you'll find yourself  with people. , Dota 2 becomes a  game. The game becomes  ,  . Then, a new  comes up and opens a   . More friends  , .           .    ,          .
game-hours: 119.4
review: It's a good game everybody should play it :D
game-hours: 274.2
review: i like dota 2
game-hours: 1187.4
review: alus bray
game-hours: 4387.6
review: - -
game-hours: 1546.7
review: 10 ducks/9
game-hours: 1187.0
review: good game
game-hours: 440.3
review: I LOVE THIS GAME
game-hours: 2475.5
review: Dota 2 Is Best !!!
game-hours: 1187.7
review: Russian simulator 20xx . 10/10 . Goty
game-hours: 1199.3
review: what i like is when trading.. can see sooo many lowballers :3
game-hours: 907.5
review: Get into it. A fantastic remake of the original and the best MOBA.
game-hours: 664.3
review: amzing
game-hours: 2433.2
review: Dota 2 has wide selection of heroes to choose from and oh... lots of reporting for playing bad. Game is great, community not so much. [8/10]
game-hours: 643.3
review: I WANT TO BE A PRO IN DOTA 2. I HATE FEEDER AND BOSSY TEAM .
game-hours: 1125.4
review: wdadwadwadmwplrfmwplfmqfwpfmqwopfqwmfopqfmopfmfopmqfopqmfopqfmqwopfmqwopfqmfopqmfopqfmeqopfmeqopfmeqopfeqmfopeqmfqomeqopfmopeqmfopmeqfopqmfmomeqopfmeqopfmqopfopmfmeqopfmeqopfqmopfeqmfmeqofmopeqmfopeqmfopmoeqfmeqopfmopqmopmopqmeqopfmeqfopeqfmeqfmeqfmeqopfmopmmgewogrwopgrmeopgrmgoegreohmreohmreohmrehomorehmeompehmrehreohmreohmrehmmmohmreerhrehrehrehrerehrehrehrehrehrehrehrehrehrehrehrehrehregregkorekgorekgorgorkrokgrokgrokgrokgorkgorkgrokgorkgrokgorkgorkgorkgrokgrokgorkgorkgrkgrogkrogkorkgorgr
game-hours: 739.5
review: 10/10 -gamestop
game-hours: 1590.0
review: You will be flamed by countless russians in pubs, have to deal with sweaty tryhards in ranked, devote your wallet to buying virtual hats, constantly alienate your friends that you play with and care more about your MMR than you do your job... and it will be so ing worth it. 10/10
game-hours: 9.1
review: <3
game-hours: 736.9
review: it ok is u like to be called bad
game-hours: 2063.6
review: Dota 2 is the best!
game-hours: 1515.5
review: yeah homies good  aye
game-hours: 2897.4
review: +10
game-hours: 1600.1
review: Never play this game with friends.
game-hours: 324.8
review: :D All role
game-hours: 2664.7
review: give me good loots lol , nc game
game-hours: 1016.3
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1858.9
review: good game!
game-hours: 1349.6
review: This game is best for people. Skill still same even we wear good costum. :D
game-hours: 207.7
review: \mm/
game-hours: 1832.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 510.5
review: This is a amazing game. i played this game first in dota frozen trone
game-hours: 1520.4
review: Tolles Spiel, aber mit Suchtgefahr ^^
game-hours: 19.2
review: Oraiotato paignion
game-hours: 728.2
review: the best game i ever seen....haha
game-hours: 278.5
review: BLYAT
game-hours: 1382.9
review: good good
game-hours: 218.8
review: QQQQQQQQQQQQ
game-hours: 4072.4
review: Amazing game! It's the same map, but every game is different. What heroes you choose change entirely what type of play style will effectively win. The items you build will make a world of difference. It's a game about learning... dota for life! xD
game-hours: 65.6
review: :)
game-hours: 1816.3
review: You either die a noob, or you live long enough to see yourself get called a hacker.
game-hours: 2088.4
review: Awesome and epic game. My favorite, 4 years ago until now :)
game-hours: 109.0
review: hello
game-hours: 1175.9
review: Dota 2 is a very extensive and deep game but this depth and complexity in my opinion means a great ceiling of fun. I really enjoy this game. You can play as an oblivious person with your oblivious friends and derp around the game and have lots of fun trying to bash each others heads in while trying to break that coveted ancient, but be warned; if you enjoy this game you might want to try playing online. Playing online is a different experience ENTIRELY. Team work becomes so much much oh ever so much much so muchly much much more crucial than before (Dr.Suess reference XD) If you are still playing with your group of friends though at this point that should help a lot. But like many people (myself included) you will be in games where you are alone amongst 4 strangers All of whom have their own agenda seemingly (it is not ALWAYS like this.) you will try your best to help your team win but it will inevitably end in a couple of your teammates being head-strong idiots who fed the other team (let the other team kill them to many times) then the fed team is big bad and bulky, then you lose. There are games where you and your team will work together and you will DESTROY!!! that will not always be the case so enjoy it when it happens and get over it when it doesn't. If you plan on being great at this game be prepared to spend hours researching what the items do; all of the recipes, heroe's skills (especially ultimates), and watch games of people who are good (I reccomend Purge he's on YouTube.) If all this seems overwhelming it's because this game can be CRAZY overwhelming however it has potential to be CRAZY fun! The bottom line is what you put into this game is what you will get out of it; at the time of this review i have 270+ hours in-game and I still feel relatively noobish; I have been having fun this whole time however. So if you don't feel like putting away crazy amounts of time into a game then i suggest you get 1-9 friends who also don't know how DOTA works to get this game and just play private games together and have a BLAST because it is quite a lot of fun. A little about me. I played DOTA 1 the Warcraft III mod as a late-comer with 1 other friend game after game and we derped PLENTY But through those games I learned about the stats and recipes of about 90% of the items in the game, giving me a pretty sizable advantage. I could have made this review about ten times longer but then it would have been a guide... (it already kind of is) 10/10 by the way this game is great!
game-hours: 975.8
review: Very fun competitive game
game-hours: 508.5
review: Drink vodka.. Win dotka.
game-hours: 308.5
review: ing  makes me ragequit all the time! One mistake and you are anally  by the other team AND your teammates.  THIS GAME! 10/10.
game-hours: 1260.5
review: <3
game-hours: 665.1
review: This is the game in which you'll be criticized for sucking, regardless of performance. This is the game in which you'll learn to hate the russians. This is the game that sucks your social life away more than World of Warcraft. And so many other things. Definetly recommend it. For it. Is. Good.
game-hours: 585.0
review: Very addicting game
game-hours: 2731.4
review: learn to swear in russian in 3 days!!!
game-hours: 1796.8
review: i like this game.
game-hours: 1143.0
review: best MOBA
game-hours: 3570.5
review: (y)
game-hours: 2216.2
review: It's ok
game-hours: 3350.9
review: good game, the best game
game-hours: 896.8
review: I rekermend dis game. It is won of d best AoS games in d world. Please, take it frum me, my gud freidsn. League of Legends is gud game. Buy it.
game-hours: 1231.1
review: 10/10 very addictive I might have just had finals this week but this game reached out to me looked me straight in the eye and said  IT... Sure i failed ny finals but I still have Dota :D Must reach 5k MMR... Must turn pro.... the last words i will say for a long time
game-hours: 3428.6
review: this is the best game ever!!!
game-hours: 160.2
review: Dota 2 The Best MOBA Out There.
game-hours: 320.0
review: Really love playing dota 2 than dota 1 <3
game-hours: 103.7
review: I've tried nearly every MOBA on the market. None compare in greatness to Dota 2.
game-hours: 176.5
review: :D
game-hours: 74.8
review: Ok to
game-hours: 1218.2
review: Nice
game-hours: 108.4
review: Best game ever, no doubt about it.
game-hours: 37.6
review: A competitive team oriented game. I would say at least give it a shot.
game-hours: 767.0
review: yeah boy
game-hours: 686.0
review: DOTA2 is a good game and have smart players
game-hours: 152.0
review: Its Free To Play !
game-hours: 276.1
review: dahil mahal ko ang DOTA!! XD
game-hours: 1251.0
review: Lot of patience, thinking, cooperating, teamplay and of course, killing enemy - this is Dota2. If u are a fan of MOBA games u will enjoy this title. I enjoyed it much better than LoL because the graphics is much better (source engine ftw :D) and its really FTP game. U dont have to pay for skins, its totally free trading items and build your favourite set. So, dont wait and download it because its worth it!
game-hours: 3545.4
review: for all people who loves excitement + strategy games you must try this. :)
game-hours: 823.3
review: My friend can't stop playing Dota 2... I gotta tell him he has to do other stuff in life now. Thanks Game :(.
game-hours: 1381.5
review: I would say this is a great revamp of the first game (which was a mod in World Of Warcraft 3: Reign of Chaos and in World Of Warcraft 3: Frozen Throne) they're still putting in some of the missing heroes, but other than that it is a good game it's doing well with these other MOBAs' around, again I recommend this game if you loved the first.
game-hours: 1207.5
review: A really good game for those who likes to play competitively and for teamwork building. Good luck on the flame :D
game-hours: 166.9
review: FQF Q
game-hours: 569.8
review: Free to Play . . . nice game . . . i recommend to all of you . . . who doesn't have Dota 2 yet .
game-hours: 567.0
review: i start with dota 1 on version 5.56...now to dota 2...this game is awesome
game-hours: 309.7
review: i love dota2
game-hours: 1282.2
review: zz
game-hours: 460.0
review: Play This Dreeex Steeeerx !!
game-hours: 16.1
review: Its Nice And So Funny TeaM GaMe =>
game-hours: 106.0
review: Playing Dota for my whole life since my 5 age till now. I tottaly recommend playing it.
game-hours: 1180.7
review: acheche aloloy
game-hours: 2993.4
review: i love this game before i know to play this game :D
game-hours: 1273.8
review: Yeessss , in' nice game ! in DOTA 2 you will know the sensation of being bullied :v
game-hours: 2183.3
review: this is amazing game
game-hours: 2087.5
review: Best way to find out what your mom has been up to recently, while playing one of the most strategic cooperating games ever. Definitely worth a try playing it!
game-hours: 458.7
review: Epic...
game-hours: 2239.3
review: bezt ever!
game-hours: 1964.8
review: Dota 2 is one of the best free-to-play games made available by Steam. Recomended to play Dota 2 along with your friends instead of playing it by your own because the fun will be greater if you play it with your friends, but that doesn't mean you cant play it by yourself :) Overall, good graphics, good gameplay, good community (well sometimes you will find these  player who only blame others and do nothing actually to help the team), but the server sometimes do causes lag.
game-hours: 1423.2
review: f*ck this game
game-hours: 89.5
review: nice game for all people
game-hours: 2224.9
review: 100% Lifetealing game
game-hours: 428.3
review: GGWP
game-hours: 703.7
review: Very good game, addicting, loads of fun, keeps u occupied for ages Requires a lot of teamwork
game-hours: 327.5
review: Pudge Picker = Russian
game-hours: 1757.0
review: best game i ever played
game-hours: 1029.3
review: a
game-hours: 681.7
review: I like dota 2 improvement make a better items to sell please thanks !
game-hours: 608.8
review: 6/6
game-hours: 648.3
review: this game is so addictive that I can't miss to play everyday.. great game! :D
game-hours: 379.1
review: Good
game-hours: 63.5
review: Rating with +++++++++ stars
game-hours: 919.1
review: This game is really fun once you figured it out but the learning curve is thick unless you got wonderful team mates to teach you or a really good friend to coach you. Overall I think everyone should give this game a tryout and learn to kick butt. All in all this game is worth it and more so since it's free to play so don't fear about wasting money this game will become your addiction soon enough.
game-hours: 415.5
review: yes, ing recomended for all of you gamer right there!
game-hours: 1788.6
review: enaknya ini game dimainin rame"
game-hours: 1044.4
review: <3
game-hours: 2417.1
review: Racism simulator 2014 10/10
game-hours: 803.0
review: I have no life because of this game...and i just love it !
game-hours: 622.3
review: Great game. But kind of difficult to learn how to play.
game-hours: 605.8
review: Best game ever!!!!
game-hours: 230.9
review: Everybody who wants to actually use their brain, in a productive way, should definitely play this game.
game-hours: 875.2
review: Imagine having fun. Now imagine having even more of that. That is what DotA is like.
game-hours: 475.5
review: Good Game
game-hours: 727.2
review: wow
game-hours: 973.8
review: very challenging game!
game-hours: 1264.1
review: good
game-hours: 828.3
review: +Rep
game-hours: 2440.5
review: Nice game
game-hours: 4294.1
review: Awesome way to loose your life. Great game. Say goodbye to friends.
game-hours: 345.3
review: It's all about the teamwork bay-bay! ;D
game-hours: 1757.6
review: :D:D
game-hours: 1045.6
review: took my life 10/10
game-hours: 247.8
review: Should i review this? free and fun. no need to be a pro
game-hours: 1188.9
review: Work hard for what you want because it won't come to you without a fight. You have to be strong and courageous and know that you can do anything you put your mind to. If somebody puts you down or criticizes you, just keep on believing in yourself and turn it into something positive.
game-hours: 296.0
review: Best Game IN WORLD
game-hours: 2455.9
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 1761.7
review: best game evar
game-hours: 113.1
review: cool
game-hours: 14.4
review: Wasn't sure what to think about this game when alex introduced it to me. I found it hard to believe that there were league and championships dedicated to play this let alone the hype behind it, though that could be my doupts due to it's link with blizzard. It's very fun and here Valve are just laughing at the bank with the game as people loved the origonal so much. In this case, you might as well just give your money to valve, it's making that much. Very fun RPG, yet hard to explain. You get to pick a character, level him/her/it up and the objective is to destroy the enemy base. Each base creates small creatures called "creeps" and you gain gold for xp by killing creeps and destroying towers. In this case the creeps are red-shirts, running into battle and no real loss when they die. You can download it for free, spectator a match and see what you think. what do you have to lose?
game-hours: 928.7
review: Good Game
game-hours: 800.8
review: !
game-hours: 1609.8
review: MY FAVORITE GAME
game-hours: 3175.7
review: Dota 2 is good game very noob friendly :)
game-hours: 2668.4
review: :)
game-hours: 1847.1
review: Good graphics and nice game play. Recommended
game-hours: 859.2
review: Nice game
game-hours: 1397.1
review: Hate this game. That's why I play it everyday. RUINS YOUR LIFE. 11/10
game-hours: 909.1
review: I LIKE DOTA 2 BECAUSE IT MAKES ME HAPPY WHILE PLAYING AND WE CAN PLAY TOGETHER WITH MY FRNDS.
game-hours: 238.4
review: Yeah !! :D
game-hours: 171.2
review: Nice game :) with nice rules
game-hours: 744.2
review: This strategy game is awesome, it have nice heroes and good skills, very different skills with much heroes, actually very much. It's quite hard for starter, but if you try to practice or play with friends, that's good enough. So much items, and everything have different stats and effects. This game is maximum 5 on 5, no much more (except for spectators and coaches). You also can fight or team up with friends on lobby, or you can make party and invite them to play real match with them (team), so much cool items. I recommend you to play this game, it's really fun and addicting for me :D P.S: No OP hero is made here, every hero is balanced
game-hours: 264.4
review: Dota 2 is popular free-to-play game by Valve. Its fanbase is huge, with an average of 500,000 players online at any one time (and nearly 8 million players monthly), and growing. The game has team-oriented gameplay, a large number of uniques heroes, and exciting tournaments with ludicrous USD$10 million prize pools. Dota 2 has something to offer to most gamers, from those who prefer strategy and tactics, to those who like aggressive twitchy action, and even those who enjoy agriculture.
game-hours: 592.3
review: so wonderfull
game-hours: 161.1
review: Not That Bad :)
game-hours: 1764.5
review: Recommended
game-hours: 698.9
review: ok
game-hours: 1354.0
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 2525.8
review: this game is so freaking cool. the best mobo up to date
game-hours: 4471.4
review: Ya, however they need to change the item drop system and make high level players earn more in relevance to their level.
game-hours: 2197.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 1245.3
review: For me dota 2 is one the most greatest game out there... especially its engine and gameplays are diff. from other MOBA's...and it also has its unique features...
game-hours: 2065.5
review: Dota 2. Just too awesome
game-hours: 2936.3
review: yes i recommend this game for u all to play this game
game-hours: 2676.4
review: amazing game! amazing experience!
game-hours: 771.2
review: ING ADDICT
game-hours: 1164.3
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 952.3
review: :)
game-hours: 2615.7
review: gooddddddddddddddd
game-hours: 4344.4
review: Easiest game of my life
game-hours: 838.4
review: Best game ever of the World
game-hours: 4500.6
review: DOTA 2 <3
game-hours: 862.3
review: The strongest addiction are cigarettes, alcohol, drugs, and DOTA...
game-hours: 119.2
review: The best BOMA out there. A complete revump of the old DotA with which we all learned the genre, with great graphics, all our favorite characters from the original and a fast pace gaming experience. The great community also helps a lot in your first steps in comparison with other games of the same genre/type.
game-hours: 3157.0
review: O Melhor Moba que ja existiu ......
game-hours: 282.4
review: very good game
game-hours: 4711.4
review: this is so ing great game!
game-hours: 1635.2
review: Too addicting !
game-hours: 847.6
review: A very challenging game.
game-hours: 512.9
review: I want play with you.
game-hours: 359.4
review: Good Keep It Up!!!
game-hours: 573.9
review: Interesting game, nice to refresh some of your russian language knowlege
game-hours: 1150.1
review: great supeeer
game-hours: 1608.8
review: Nice game, make you use your head, Graphics are awsome... Can have items categorized so its easy for noobs to understand the different items......
game-hours: 612.1
review: very cool game...its like...playing GTA but with power...btw..those terrain is awesome....the map are freakin cool...i think im playing my life in da game sometime2...best game ever....feel wasted spending whole money to game name AQW,LOL,and freakin other  game....i should findout this game like 2 years ago..n i will be awesome
game-hours: 1973.6
review: Nice game !! gogo play it
game-hours: 649.0
review: good
game-hours: 1289.1
review: aku
game-hours: 2285.2
review: please fix the disconnection issue ..
game-hours: 327.0
review: Recommended For Who want Training your Teamwork with stranger :)
game-hours: 2095.5
review: imba game !!
game-hours: 894.2
review: hello
game-hours: 552.9
review: i like dota 2
game-hours: 90.8
review: It's kind of like dust II but different.
game-hours: 1408.8
review: FOR PRO ONLY!! XD
game-hours: 1055.6
review: Zajebiste
game-hours: 640.9
review: the most amazing online game i ever played in my life
game-hours: 1892.3
review: I really love dota since Dota 1 and i will never forget playing Dota
game-hours: 1790.1
review: 10/5
game-hours: 2531.1
review: Play if you dare to rage every loss because of noobs but it will never be you, you can never be the noob ;)
game-hours: 345.2
review: ATTENTION!!! HIGHLY ADDICTING!!! BTW, really cool game!
game-hours: 1479.7
review: Gud gaem 2 play w/ friends. so casuul 'n' funny.
game-hours: 409.3
review: :P
game-hours: 2146.1
review: awesome B|
game-hours: 618.7
review: i like dota 2
game-hours: 730.0
review: Before u start playing Dota 2 better learn some very useful russian words like  and blyat .
game-hours: 2361.9
review: Number 1 game in Steam ATM, even made Blizzard rage.
game-hours: 700.2
review: :yay:
game-hours: 835.3
review: awesome game ever
game-hours: 766.8
review: Smile~!
game-hours: 2049.5
review: Best Game Ever!
game-hours: 16.5
review: Still filled with Russian  (translate this xD), and people who are scared of Riki, someone buy me 100 200% Battle Bonus' please. Recommended.
game-hours: 1019.5
review: Fun game
game-hours: 1.0
review: Once I finish tutorial, I can pwn lvl 1 nubs :D :D ;D
game-hours: 693.8
review: Angas
game-hours: 1222.7
review: ^^
game-hours: 1170.0
review: the best!!
game-hours: 2544.5
review: :)
game-hours: 603.8
review: dota 2 is good
game-hours: 260.7
review: patates
game-hours: 1152.5
review: Very nice game, fun but has a steep learning curve
game-hours: 3791.9
review: yu know you would be lost..still yu own at it :)
game-hours: 1088.9
review: Just try it. There's nothing to lose as long as you already hate people.
game-hours: 1932.4
review: yeah it's my favourite game in my life
game-hours: 200.8
review: this game is like lol but much more better an mature !!!!!!!! :)
game-hours: 106.7
review: Not for the faint hearted but definetly a game where you will get a sense of an achievement and pride when things go well.
game-hours: 367.0
review: fascinating
game-hours: 440.7
review: Well first of all i would like to thank's the administrator/owner of this game, I am injoying playing Dota 2 and i like how they make/do it. As far as i know BIG THANKS for making this kind of game. :)
game-hours: 1721.9
review: It's dota.
game-hours: 2870.3
review: Simply the best AROUND! On second note. This game is great, you'll hardly get bored of it. The graphics are ok and the artstyle is intresting. Gameplay and mechanics are great. The balance is really good for a competitive game. The workshop system is genius. Easily one of my favorite games. Oh? Did I forget something? Yes, I belive I did. The community! The most imortant thing? Maby. I like the community, or atleast I have almost no issues with it. There are mixed feelings about it. I do have one issue though and it is that there are some (a whole lot of them) russians that play in all regions and refuse to speak the language that is suited for the region they are playing on. For example they join the EU West region and refuse to speak english. They only speak russian! Despite the fact that there is a russian region! I could     about this but that      cyk. No one likes a  . Feels      .  ,    ,     .  ? ?  ?!
game-hours: 1458.5
review: Awesome...
game-hours: 637.3
review: This game was a russian social experiment that went so badly wrong they sold it to steam Now it is a breeding ground of inter-racial abuse and hilariosly badly thought up insults, some of the lovable characters include an old  in the woods and a tree this game has soaked up far to many hours of my life and i recommend it highly 8/8 m8
game-hours: 1855.7
review: such a good game. best for teamwork / teamplay. two thumbs up for this game
game-hours: 455.7
review: Great game!
game-hours: 163.1
review: hahaha best game ever
game-hours: 1482.7
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1166.6
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 1722.6
review: BEST GAME EVER!
game-hours: 3702.5
review: very good game.
game-hours: 2106.0
review: Dota 2, The one and only game i can't stop playing and amazing game ever made and in reality nothing can beat it. Thanks Valve..
game-hours: 192.4
review: why am I a rastaman?
game-hours: 646.6
review: I must say its the number 1 strategy game in front of me...
game-hours: 1819.5
review: n1
game-hours: 249.5
review: Most interesting game, with startegy inbound :v
game-hours: 1290.3
review: This is a very nice competetive game.
game-hours: 599.1
review: Have you ever wondered how it feels like to be berated, harrassed and even serenaded by russians? Join Dota 2 and that can be YOUR daily routine! JOIN NOW! I SAID JOIN! C*KA BLATJ ID*NA HUY DAVAI KATKA! <3
game-hours: 245.4
review: I like this game beca0use it's open the inner knowledge of your mind. :) :) :) But i don't like the abnormal attitude of the other players.. That's all !! Thank you.. ;) mwuaahhh !! :P
game-hours: 632.8
review: Good game ever!
game-hours: 1032.2
review: Virginity Protector
game-hours: 395.2
review: This game will teach u evetything! How to  moms, sisters and whole ing family of your enemy. lol
game-hours: 1212.5
review: Okay...the best game in the whold world !!!! period
game-hours: 1698.1
review: One of the best games ever made! Online gaming doesnt get better than this!
game-hours: 703.7
review: Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello
game-hours: 2277.3
review: now lot of new thing to learn.....new map and hero .....rely enjoing
game-hours: 494.8
review: Playing wif Russian/Pinnoy/ any stereotype race simulator, best game ever if u ever dream to feel mad and depress every  day!!! 12/10 babeh
game-hours: 2229.0
review: Awesome ...
game-hours: 1932.9
review: not for kids like LOL
game-hours: 739.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 1112.9
review: Its a real Free to play
game-hours: 2697.1
review: Ruin my life so bad !
game-hours: 467.9
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 938.9
review: Great Game ..
game-hours: 2040.6
review: THIS GAME ROCKS !!!!
game-hours: 558.7
review: Nice
game-hours: 1095.8
review: A very good game for those who played Warcraft 3 mod DotA and for those who like strategy and team games. Recommended. If new to game, do the tutorial, it will help a lot in your gameplay.
game-hours: 1943.3
review: good grapic.. good game... Class.... but where is TB ?, i mean Teror Blade :(
game-hours: 1722.5
review: "We Are The Champions" I've paid my dues Time after time. I've done my sentence But committed no crime. And bad mistakes  I've made a few. I've had my share of sand kicked in my face But I've come through. (And I need just go on and on, and on, and on) We are the champions, my friends, And we'll keep on fighting 'til the end. We are the champions. We are the champions. No time for losers 'Cause we are the champions of the world. I've taken my bows And my curtain calls You brought me fame and fortune and everything that goes with it I thank you all But it's been no bed of roses, No pleasure cruise. I consider it a challenge before the whole human race And I ain't gonna lose. (And I need just go on and on, and on, and on) We are the champions, my friends, And we'll keep on fighting 'til the end. We are the champions. We are the champions. No time for losers 'Cause we are the champions of the world. We are the champions, my friends, And we'll keep on fighting 'til the end. We are the champions. We are the champions. No time for losers 'Cause we are the champions.
game-hours: 1473.4
review: MOBA 10/10
game-hours: 1970.3
review: \m/
game-hours: 1002.3
review: GG GL HF!
game-hours: 813.8
review: the best game of all time!
game-hours: 1342.6
review: Nice
game-hours: 1063.3
review: In my opinion the best moba out there
game-hours: 706.7
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 3319.9
review: ggwp.. (Y) :)
game-hours: 1076.3
review: 10/10 wood smash
game-hours: 967.4
review: :D
game-hours: 1693.0
review: i love this game
game-hours: 849.7
review: A good game
game-hours: 1186.9
review: Very great game ive been playing for a year and its just my favorite
game-hours: 1464.1
review: Dota 2 ist der Hammer!!!
game-hours: 462.1
review: Dota2 <3
game-hours: 1569.1
review: amazing
game-hours: 542.1
review: It is very free, and it is very fun.
game-hours: 520.4
review: nce
game-hours: 73.8
review: good game indeed!!!!
game-hours: 434.3
review: THE BEST!
game-hours: 1471.5
review: dota2 is awesome
game-hours: 922.9
review: WARNING!!! game may cause extreme anti-social behavior and consume hours of your life
game-hours: 1528.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 99.0
review: This is great.
game-hours: 1141.4
review: this game
game-hours: 2345.7
review: This is a man's game compared to League of Legends. This game is hard at the beginning for new players but for those who's familiar with MOBA's you will get the hang of it. ether way this game will take your life and social life also lol, but if your not a big gamer then your fine. but it will take your money xD. highly recommend this game, i mean you can have a octopuls for a courier!!
game-hours: 30.7
review: Good game ever
game-hours: 734.8
review: DOTA was a part of my Childhood. DOTA 2 is now my Life
game-hours: 341.7
review: very efin addictive
game-hours: 336.3
review: i like my performance
game-hours: 1590.6
review: Very Like
game-hours: 407.6
review: In a simple word, "Addictive"
game-hours: 32.1
review: It is kind of like LoL.
game-hours: 3437.3
review: Addictive sh*t, avoid at all costs.
game-hours: 1157.4
review: i like dota2 . so cool !!
game-hours: 444.8
review: It simply rules !!! :D
game-hours: 1495.8
review: Take a hit on a bong, and play Dota all night long !
game-hours: 964.4
review: verry good game
game-hours: 7297.3
review: fun game!
game-hours: 1960.0
review: ^^ cool game
game-hours: 104.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 992.1
review: gg dota
game-hours: 2048.6
review: Awesome !!
game-hours: 3960.7
review: GgWp
game-hours: 987.3
review: BEST ING GAME EVER!
game-hours: 2513.2
review: Addictive game that can be play with groups of friends.
game-hours: 1634.4
review: Good looking game
game-hours: 340.2
review: Good Game
game-hours: 206.2
review: I have played the first Dota for WC3 back in the day and love the way it has grown. The visual upgrades to the small changes in enviroment and the consistant rate at which the game is updated and talked about really makes me feel great, loving the game myself and wanting nothing more than this upward growth.
game-hours: 909.7
review: Hi good game
game-hours: 526.9
review: great!
game-hours: 1144.1
review: For me "The Best Ever Strategic Game Created"
game-hours: 711.4
review: If you want to lost faith in humanity this game is great. oh, and also great for visiting russia. 1010 / 10
game-hours: 1110.5
review: I'v been through so much with this damn game. I've had to get three new pairs of Astro A40s from my 2 year experience in this game. It takes a lot of practice to get good at it. But once you do its very rewarding. If you're the kind of person that doesn't want to spend over 400$ on new headsets. This game is totally not for you. Rage on.
game-hours: 159.3
review: i recommend this game its epic and if you dont like it its free so fkn delete if you dont :)
game-hours: 17.6
review: I'm a docotor and this gmae gave me ebolaids. I r8 10/9 cause I like the courier hero.
game-hours: 930.3
review: 10/10
game-hours: 648.4
review: good game
game-hours: 1440.3
review: gl hf
game-hours: 786.4
review: Great game... most abusive community ever...
game-hours: 1980.2
review: how does one simply describe dota 2 who knows but don't let the add fool you it IS a moba Better than LoL and HoN (in my opinion) it is just simply incredible with a fluent gameplay masses of diffrent players region chossing even language! the only left you seek is good gameplay and what do we have here something which ticks all the boxes there you have it dota 2...
game-hours: 86.7
review: AMAZING!!!
game-hours: 1740.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 823.4
review: It's A good Game download it :D Note: not for childs xD
game-hours: 2.4
review: :)
game-hours: 2323.9
review: Fight, if you can!
game-hours: 1771.7
review: Honestly there is a massive learning curve for the new players, but Valve is constantly adding features to make the game and its concepts as accessible to the public as possible. The fact that it is free leaves it all up to the player to decide whether the game is for them; nothing is stopping you from trying it out. But for those who are already into this genre of gaming, I'm not going to sugarcoat our community, there are positives and negatives to every aspect of social interaction in this game. You prefer what you prefer, but the game is stellar for me.
game-hours: 1920.8
review: BEST MOBA EVER!
game-hours: 378.2
review: Tavsiye ederim, zaten bedava indirin, deneyin.
game-hours: 3180.3
review: very good game!
game-hours: 1.2
review: The tutorial is a little bit bad but the game is exelent
game-hours: 222.8
review: Go Dota2 best game of year !
game-hours: 1362.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 1925.3
review: highly reccomended for everyone its really fun and have fun
game-hours: 1371.0
review: good game
game-hours: 810.4
review: goodgaame !
game-hours: 851.7
review: RAK N ITU
game-hours: 2668.6
review: A+++ Will play again.
game-hours: 1696.4
review: Good!
game-hours: 603.2
review: FUN, GREAT, STRATEGY GAME
game-hours: 1888.6
review: life stealer 100% LOL
game-hours: 929.6
review: . -     ((((
game-hours: 2165.0
review: very fun
game-hours: 417.3
review: THIS IS A VERY GOOD GAME !
game-hours: 852.2
review: good game. i like this
game-hours: 347.7
review: social lives are over rated
game-hours: 2012.4
review: When im spend 1.5k hours on this PERFECT game, i need do overiew. More than 100 characters, with different cords forced to play Dota 2 huge amount of time . And about him I do not regret ! tnx volve, and fix F * CKIN MMR!
game-hours: 1.3
review: Good!
game-hours: 537.0
review: ........
game-hours: 2285.2
review: Wow..Nice Game.
game-hours: 338.1
review: my best game:D
game-hours: 2045.7
review: One of the best free to play games on Steam. This is a game you just can't get bored of. There are over 100 amazing heroes, with their own unique skills, and there's so many ways of how you can play them. Watch out for the russians tho.
game-hours: 3362.9
review: This game gives me so much fun..........it's a awesome game
game-hours: 1972.8
review: Never has a game enfuriated me so much, yet have me coming back so often. This game is rage induced crack straight to my brain via right mouse click. It has made me hate any language that isnt English, and has reduced my people skills to racial slurs and swears. Matches run from 30-75 minutes, and are filled with dissapointment, anger, and russians. All heroes need nerfs followed by a proportional buff. Rat doto isn't strategy; it's a way of life. Rage as towers fall, and teammates feed, and all you can do is stand there helpless with your iron branch, a tango, and that ward the support planted in your own fountain, for some reason. Your ancient falls, and you throw your dog out the window, punch yourself in the balls, then sit down and queue for another match. Would do it all again.
game-hours: 760.3
review: i really like the drow immortal. LOL
game-hours: 1447.5
review: i like the whole part of this game...
game-hours: 1464.9
review: NICE GAME DOTA 2
game-hours: 1633.5
review: One OF the BesT Games EVER..!!!! :D
game-hours: 719.0
review: Good game!
game-hours: 3577.3
review: I LOVE DOTA 2
game-hours: 122.2
review: 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 1102.3
review: NICE GAME :D GOOD GAME
game-hours: 76.5
review: recommended to ppl
game-hours: 3277.4
review: best game
game-hours: 367.5
review: Nice game, shoould be played with fun.
game-hours: 1594.6
review: This game took my virginity and never called me back
game-hours: 2096.7
review: {LINK REMOVED}
game-hours: 1313.6
review: HIghly recommended! Great Fun!
game-hours: 2130.9
review: Yes i very much recommend this game. fun fun fun
game-hours: 1289.9
review: Lighters
game-hours: 2224.4
review: Good Game
game-hours: 259.8
review: Good Game :)
game-hours: 260.5
review: The learning curve is steep, but the game is good. Really good. How good? How about... good enough to make you ask yourself questions like "How important is dating really?" or "Do I really need this job more than I need this win?" good.
game-hours: 237.6
review: ...
game-hours: 1720.5
review: Great Game ^.^
game-hours: 496.4
review: must play game!!
game-hours: 396.9
review: It is the long-awaited sequel to the best mod ever. It is scientifically proven that it makes your grades at university better and give you the ability to turn invisible. If you're in the beta, you should be playing this mind-blowing game instead of reading this poor attempt at conveying how brain-meltingly amazing this game is through the mortal medium of a text. If you aren't in the beta, go cry in a corner. DOTA2 IS AWESOME ^_^
game-hours: 505.1
review: Dota 2 is a very good strategy game that i recomend, it is better than other mobas like lol as you cant buy anything to give you an advantage, just vanity items like huds
game-hours: 4359.9
review: I cant stop playing!
game-hours: 974.4
review: The best game ever
game-hours: 3055.1
review: Best game since icefrog join with valve
game-hours: 9.2
review: dota was very good game
game-hours: 23.9
review: This game will take a while for newbies to learn, but when you do learn it's an awesome strategy game.
game-hours: 4524.2
review: This game is very fun! It helps me forget my problems.. Playing this game let you gain friends...
game-hours: 707.9
review: ok
game-hours: 1592.3
review: best game ever.
game-hours: 754.7
review: yeah
game-hours: 1868.8
review: massive MOB gone full of  lately..matching making sucks a bit in Ranked matches..BUT THE GAME IS TOO OP TO CONCERN ABOUT IT..
game-hours: 1450.2
review: asdf
game-hours: 1657.2
review: ggwp
game-hours: 4490.3
review: Dota 2 , where teamwork is laughable and everyone is Pinoys . 10/10
game-hours: 851.2
review: Fantastic Moba, my favourite, and perfect F2P model, you have full access to the game, the cash shop is only for cosmetic items. It has frequent meaningful updates and it's the most balanced MOBA I've played, not to mention the graphics are good and it's engine is very tweak-able, meaning you're going to be able to play the game on older systems, it runs on Linux too.
game-hours: 1465.2
review: ;)
game-hours: 993.8
review: ADDICTIVE
game-hours: 369.6
review: sometime i die a lot :P....btw its fun
game-hours: 760.6
review: Better graphics than DOTA1, I highly recommend this game to everyone!
game-hours: 270.4
review: Peoples But cool Lives LoL!! -_- :D
game-hours: 1245.5
review: This game is really enjoyable. Please read some guides on the web and understand the concept of the game. If you can do that and walk in with an open mind, this game will suck you in. All the different available characters make it interesting. This game requires communication and team-play. Enjoy!
game-hours: 248.1
review: Best MOBA evah
game-hours: 1103.2
review: nice dota
game-hours: 657.9
review: honorato
game-hours: 2822.4
review: good ,
game-hours: 266.7
review: :)
game-hours: 411.7
review: gOOD
game-hours: 169.0
review: good game and so much player in game
game-hours: 1610.6
review: The Most Frigging Awesome Game on the Planet!!!
game-hours: 430.9
review: Best game in the world
game-hours: 1402.1
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 327.1
review: best game ever
game-hours: 2671.6
review: GGWP
game-hours: 693.1
review: i like the game it have all the trills and fun on it please dont stop evolving the game
game-hours: 2751.2
review: hhhhhhh
game-hours: 35.8
review: Realy amazing
game-hours: 1039.4
review: i like dota2
game-hours: 123.8
review: Still better than LOL...
game-hours: 702.0
review: Rock n RoLL!
game-hours: 1256.1
review: You could make money because of this game. $/10
game-hours: 2295.4
review: Great game, best Moba available. Needs a bit of balancing and fixing in areas. But great game. THE MATCHMAKING IS GOD AWFUL THOUGH. Needs to be fixed. Ranked matchmaking in new update blows and is unfair.
game-hours: 113.4
review: DOTA 2 <3
game-hours: 977.8
review: <3 love this
game-hours: 1212.7
review: Peruvians finally have their own server
game-hours: 3063.4
review: dota is slowly becoming reality
game-hours: 1193.8
review: this game dota 2 really awesome. incredible. wooogg
game-hours: 1821.9
review: This game is perfect time to enjoy the good times with long catch up friends and it is the most perfect game to get us more united.
game-hours: 491.6
review: When it comes to teammates, it's a game of russian roulette. You play, and hope then don't blow your brains out in the process.
game-hours: 1168.2
review: 1,000 hours later and were all still terrible at this game.
game-hours: 20.8
review: Just for meepo :)
game-hours: 157.0
review: playwithme
game-hours: 689.5
review: a cool game. let's play
game-hours: 46.0
review: NICE GAME :d
game-hours: 341.2
review: Dota is most popullar multiplayer game i will recommend this game to all players.
game-hours: 430.8
review: Yeah!
game-hours: 4016.1
review: Become a super  player in minutes!
game-hours: 1767.7
review: best game z!
game-hours: 1678.2
review: Play Hard
game-hours: 106.7
review: Ill totaly like this game ever
game-hours: 1330.8
review: Best game
game-hours: 1010.1
review: Challenging game, if new play tutorial!!! This game will take time to learn, so don't worry if you havn't gotten much better since you started playing. Watch basic tips and listen to teammates. THIS GAME WILL SAP HOURS AND HOURS AWAY FROM YOUR LIFE but i still don't regret playing it!
game-hours: 925.4
review: good game
game-hours: 1302.6
review: Awesome Game
game-hours: 1.5
review: Game has great graphics, and a wonderful tutorial. However my ADHD wouldn't let me get past the first part of the 3 part tutorial. GabeN would love it if I spent more time and money on this game, however currently my life will not allow tons of hours. I will return to you great game of DOTA 2, you are amazing in 4K resolution.
game-hours: 2477.9
review: KILL ALL HEROES
game-hours: 390.7
review: :D
game-hours: 1328.5
review: its ok
game-hours: 1215.9
review: god game.
game-hours: 2443.1
review: Si Conoces a Menthor aka Vassily NI POR EL HPTAS VALLAS A INSTALAR ESTE JUEGO
game-hours: 829.3
review: Great, strategic game that requires skill! I'd love for there to be less russians on the UK / US servers, though.
game-hours: 443.8
review: PLAY PLAY
game-hours: 1264.8
review: 11/10 Dota 2 is not just a game.
game-hours: 2748.7
review: nice this game
game-hours: 682.4
review: good game try it
game-hours: 163.5
review: ^_^
game-hours: 1599.1
review: it's so good and addicting
game-hours: 555.1
review: Okay i think this game so good i like this game cause this is about team work so if you want play some moba game You can play dota 2 You can run on computer set low like me
game-hours: 2258.8
review: Dota 2
game-hours: 489.1
review: Good game , i reccomend ittt
game-hours: 1585.6
review: dota 2 is the best game ever!
game-hours: 696.2
review: sadadasda
game-hours: 47.4
review: simply awesome, MUST play :).
game-hours: 773.4
review: its very good game
game-hours: 1215.8
review: It's a nice game which need skills and community.
game-hours: 2402.6
review: Beaners goodnight. 10/10 Would Genocide
game-hours: 171.4
review: Russians
game-hours: 308.0
review: one of my favourite
game-hours: 2988.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 2938.2
review: 1/11/2012 Accepted to DOTA 2 Beta. *Poops pants with happy*
game-hours: 2080.4
review: I can't feel my legs.
game-hours: 45.5
review: I guess......
game-hours: 1002.0
review: Dota 2 is a masterpiece of competitive gaming. Endlessly replayable due to its incredible depth, the game truly never gets old. Continuous support ensures that the game never gets stale, with a constantly changing meta. Dota 2 has a steep learning curve, but once you find your way, there is no other game like it. Few games are as painful to lose, but inversely, as satisfying to win, as Dota 2. Unparalled strategic and mechanical depth ensure that no player will ever be as good as they can be in any one game, yet it is incredibly satisfying to strive for perfection through continued play. Strategy is deeply involved before you even "begin" the game, with hero selection, all the way through to the end of the match. Certain heroes work particularly well against others, are weak to others, and coordinate exceptionally with others. This is due to the array of unique abilities that each hero possesses, and the role they fill on their team. Once the game begins, players must coordinate with their team members in order to play most effectively. This is done in combat, as well as in what item purchases players decide to make. Strategy is extensively involved in item purchases, combat, and positioning. Players must constantly react to the game in order to play effectively, and since no game is ever the same, the experience is always different, making each game a fresh experience, and one that I will continue to enjoy for as long as I can foresee.
game-hours: 966.5
review: The best MOBA ever.
game-hours: 7290.4
review: best game ever !
game-hours: 2236.4
review: worst game in my life, dont recommend to anyone that has a life, 10/10
game-hours: 1637.9
review: asda
game-hours: 53.9
review: DO YOU PLAYED THIS GAME?BEST GAME EVER!!!
game-hours: 1655.9
review: best ever!
game-hours: 18.3
review: not as cool as league of legends but this is FREE TO PLAY guys :| Those who choose to commit to Dota 2 will find many happy hours ! be sure ! trust me . 10/10
game-hours: 138.7
review: It's a great leap from DOTA 1 and it has a lot of visual enhancements and the interface is great where it allows one to get everything without having to jump around from site to site.
game-hours: 1628.4
review: This game ROCKS!!
game-hours: 1831.1
review: Dota is a game that can not be described in a few words, nor can it be mastered in a few hours. You will find yourself playing dota to learn it in the first 200hrs and then you will keep playing it because you just cant get enough. One would think that 200 hours is crazy but trust me and try this game out and you will find yourself over 1k hours on it just like me, who in all honesty started out as the biggest noob in dota, maybe I still am but you just can't stop playing this game. I give it a 9/10. 9 because sometimes the community will get you mad and make you not wanting t play for a while... just a while. :)
game-hours: 1214.7
review: Still the best RTS game ever! thanks to IceFrog for making "DOTA"!
game-hours: 1995.5
review: Perfect game
game-hours: 1212.8
review: nice
game-hours: 1533.8
review: good game
game-hours: 466.0
review: Good Game
game-hours: 963.6
review: good game. nice graphics and gameplay i love this game so much!!
game-hours: 628.6
review: nice game =D
game-hours: 18.3
review: hmm i like because my boyfriend like this game,,, iam try it and iam like too.. :)
game-hours: 451.3
review: This game is awesome!
game-hours: 336.3
review: Best game
game-hours: 2778.2
review: ....
game-hours: 1367.8
review: Very recommended game
game-hours: 354.6
review: Want to have a pumped muscles specifically at your index finger? Or do you want to sometimes get cancer from your teammates? Or do you want to rage on mis-clicking? THIS GAME IS FOR YOU!!
game-hours: 877.6
review: nice 2
game-hours: 3102.1
review: I love this game.Its really nice.
game-hours: 625.3
review: Better than League
game-hours: 553.1
review: good
game-hours: 954.6
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 902.2
review: goodgame
game-hours: 697.0
review: nice
game-hours: 5.7
review: I have a good time playing this game , wow what a great experience!
game-hours: 779.4
review: I forgot what the sun looked like after discovering this game.
game-hours: 392.7
review: my best game ever !!!
game-hours: 2664.7
review: this game teach you how to survive a tough world
game-hours: 1652.6
review: You can eat trees and drink river water while you learn to hate your friends, 10/10.
game-hours: 566.2
review: Its Fun ! More Fun and I Enjoy this Game ! GLHF !
game-hours: 1220.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 857.3
review: i hope i graduate junior high school....
game-hours: 796.5
review: nice
game-hours: 1707.5
review: This game made me 72% more racist
game-hours: 1897.8
review: Had a girlfriend.10/10 would get dump again
game-hours: 391.9
review: Dota 2.url
game-hours: 1008.3
review: Dota Forever!
game-hours: 4270.8
review: this game is awesome! :DD free items please! :D
game-hours: 257.3
review: I played riki today. People make fun of riki, laugh when you instalok him. 12/22/2 proved them wrong. #Riki4life
game-hours: 1158.9
review: game of life
game-hours: 246.9
review: nice
game-hours: 2906.7
review: This Game is Truly Amazing! Best Suits for any Age,, :D
game-hours: 2338.3
review: destroyed my life 11/10 would worship again
game-hours: 341.3
review: AWD
game-hours: 192.9
review: everytype of person you can find here..
game-hours: 1765.5
review: yimiti
game-hours: 0.2
review: liked
game-hours: 1346.4
review: Really enjoyable..!!
game-hours: 1034.8
review: Best of the best..... Love it.. everyday i play around 8-12 hours. to addicted to this game. Amazing..Brilliant, Awesome and Epic! you must play it
game-hours: 3296.2
review: !
game-hours: 1669.2
review: Best MOBA ever
game-hours: 941.1
review: one of the best online game
game-hours: 17.0
review: Many of my hardcore gamer friends who plays lots of different games throughout their life have been turned to a gamer who plays only this game and none other like they used to. Lord Gabe, I need my hardcore gamer friends back and I promise that I will always stop my present hardcore friends from trying out this game. WARNING: This game will take over your entire gaming life. 10/10.
game-hours: 2215.8
review: yeah
game-hours: 5018.0
review: good game
game-hours: 2171.7
review: What a great game! 10/10, amazingly satisfying and fun all round.
game-hours: 3841.8
review: GAME GAME GAME ....!!!
game-hours: 1548.1
review: The worst thing to happen to me was getting this game. Would recommend.
game-hours: 1172.6
review: Dota 2 is a multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) video game and the stand-alone sequel to the Defense of the Ancients (DotA) mod. Developed by Valve Corporation, the game was officially released on July 9, 2013 as a free-to-play title for Microsoft Windows, concluding a beta testing phase that began in 2011. OS X and Linux versions of Dota 2 were released on July 18, 2013. In most regions, Dota 2 is exclusively available through Valve's content delivery platform, Steam. Each match of Dota 2 is independent and involves two teams, both containing five players and each occupying a stronghold at either end of the map. Located in each stronghold is a building called the "Ancient"; to win, a team must destroy the enemy's Ancient. Each player controls a "Hero" character and focuses on leveling up, collecting gold, acquiring items and fighting against the other team to achieve victory.
game-hours: 1755.8
review: stressful!!
game-hours: 587.9
review: GG
game-hours: 292.0
review: Best Game ever
game-hours: 1882.0
review: no support=no victory!
game-hours: 512.4
review: gg wp
game-hours: 2138.1
review: nice game! GLHF
game-hours: 247.4
review: smart gamers:)
game-hours: 1012.8
review: Do not try if you have a life, family or friends. Especially girlfriend.
game-hours: 1161.3
review: good game
game-hours: 129.8
review: Only reason you aren't playing this is because you're bad
game-hours: 233.1
review: Love this game 100%
game-hours: 1109.5
review: GG. Game for you to rage quit.
game-hours: 418.1
review: addictive game ... ;)
game-hours: 860.7
review: Set language preferance to english? S.
game-hours: 712.4
review: awesome game
game-hours: 879.4
review: good
game-hours: 23.6
review: Racial purity must be achieved by Valve through a regional lock. The impure scum will be cleansed.
game-hours: 1360.1
review: If you dont want to study and just have fun instead, i recommend getting this game! Its cheaper than education xD
game-hours: 1136.5
review: Best  simulator ever made. 10/10
game-hours: 1619.9
review: Thanks for standing still, ! Definately a must buy!
game-hours: 3191.0
review: New interface hero, HD graph, and So Many Event and Item that make this game not so bored
game-hours: 317.8
review: A very good game! :))))))))
game-hours: 4117.2
review: One of the best RTS i ve ever played ,full of action , and increase creative game playing through all it is mod. The game is updated and enhnced with resolving every problem found regarding hero and map ,bug and adding new stuff. 4/5
game-hours: 1241.9
review: The real game for _Pro_............ r".) by Team _SPARKLE_
game-hours: 648.9
review: i love it
game-hours: 1533.9
review: Broccoli Power
game-hours: 119.2
review: windrunninforthewin
game-hours: 2963.3
review: Love it)
game-hours: 1434.3
review: Violently beat the  out of everything you see.... I mean, what's better than that? The answer you're seeking is nothing, nothing is better than that. So get this game now.
game-hours: 1049.0
review: Fun to play and free to play !
game-hours: 947.9
review: DOTA 2 IS SUPER NICE
game-hours: 2115.1
review: Best game ever. Smart move for IceFrog to be with the Valve team. Good Job!
game-hours: 772.5
review: better than dota 1
game-hours: 251.8
review: I don't know if I can recomend this game any more than humanly possible. 100/100 free to play, you need to pay for NOTHING to get an advantage over other players. Only cosmetics are pay to win and trust me youre going to want them
game-hours: 876.6
review: This game is really challanging and fun! but this few days dota keep giving me alot of problems like losing dota 2 network or my game just crash and leave it's self.......... me getting low priorty here =-=
game-hours: 2808.4
review: My life !
game-hours: 508.0
review: !!!
game-hours: 1339.8
review: zzzzzzzzzzzzzz
game-hours: 73.6
review: Better than league of legends =)
game-hours: 681.5
review: i like all these thank you
game-hours: 885.7
review: Everybody Knows Dota, But Not Everybody Know How to Play it, Learn Before Download! NB: Only HighClass Good Gaming-Sense are allowed to play it B-)
game-hours: 425.6
review: Where can i begin? I always check up on the steam store to see what new games are out, hell i even purchase new games if they look good enough (110 games in my library). But the truth is, after about 30 minutes of my new game. i pretty much end up back on DOTA 2. i sure dont have as many hours on this game as some. and thats because i only recently got into DOTA, but from the 150 games or so that i have played. heres what i can tell you. 1) Prepare for Verbal Abuse, Russians, Un Co-Operative Individials, And people that Intentionally make your team lose the game. 2) Prepare to also encounter awesome people! i have made many friendships on DOTA 2, and every so often you will find the most awesome people on your team. 3) PREPARE FOR NEW CONTENT! the wonderful developers of DOTA 2 never fail to provide awesome new content for the game. As an Avid TF2 and CS:GO Cosmetic item trader, i can tell you. DOTA 2 has the best range of cosmetics. And trading these various in game items not only gives me something to do. But has also inroduced me to people with similar interests and others who enjoy trading. Overall i believe DOTA 2 is a well polished, Brilliant game. and i will no doubt be Recommending it to everyone i kniw
game-hours: 8.0
review: Fun game minus the idiots that join matches and feed then leave. Other than that, the game is pretty good.
game-hours: 561.8
review: its good game
game-hours: 1433.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 874.2
review: Best game i really enjoyed playing. :)
game-hours: 169.2
review: Dota too is a good game has good graphics and stuff like that what I like is the cloathing the things you can wear on heroes so I recommend this game for every one on steam Best Wishes
game-hours: 482.3
review: if u are older than 15 years play this awesome game
game-hours: 446.2
review: This Is Good!
game-hours: 2485.6
review: I had to say goodbye to a lot of good friends.
game-hours: 2464.3
review: One of the best games ever made! It will make you ecstatic with joy, furious with rage. You will neglect your job, your family and sleep. And you will keep coming back for more punishment. And if that's not enough, you will stop watching TV because you'd rather watch people stream dota on twitch (the competitive scene is very exciting and there's lots of great streamers out there, shout out to Merlini, Singsing and TC). gg go next.
game-hours: 2240.4
review: This game ed my school work and my social life. 10/10
game-hours: 2041.6
review: Best Game
game-hours: 373.2
review: 1
game-hours: 1004.2
review: recommended for true gamers
game-hours: 1226.7
review: Its a game with strategy, mind, and teamwork to win. Fun game to play.
game-hours: 7.8
review: I must say this is harder than League of Legends, but its a whole different game. Must try for MOBA lovers
game-hours: 1701.8
review: Best game ever :D
game-hours: 1838.2
review: good game ever!  i can't stop playing this game :D
game-hours: 1046.2
review: love the game
game-hours: 1623.6
review: !!!!
game-hours: 1333.1
review: AWESOME GAME TO PLAY :D
game-hours: 1521.7
review: Russians, madness in every game, too many overpowered heroes, noob players. 10 out of 10
game-hours: 114.3
review: Dota is a Funfilled, exilirating game that stays fun whenever you are playing and never gets old as their are always new updates and new people playing. I highly recomend dota to anyone interested in a good time with friends!
game-hours: 387.5
review: Hit to pro..:)`
game-hours: 263.2
review: ggwp commend me ty :)
game-hours: 2438.8
review: good game
game-hours: 34.9
review: I played this character called "Io" and realized taht diz game design was meant to not actually fight teh enemy teem but instad to go and "wisp" round them pretending to ult and moba stuff, but its k cuz we one cuz pudge made a play and then killed some team guy but then the tower killed him, i tried to save him but moba . then i went to moba then i got a play and saved him from tower. wrong i died cuzz i was a wisp that aprarently thnks its a light source for the games shifty graphics look and feelz. When the game was over i got some item called "Chest of the Gaben Item of Monetary Value" but turns out i needed teh keys of teh dota moba hat party 2 and then i cried, 10/10 -Game Informrrrr 9/10 - Gaim St0p wow/10 - Doge Review
game-hours: 1704.9
review: good game
game-hours: 2134.7
review: like this game!
game-hours: 4981.4
review: Nobody cares that no matter what server and language you select there will always be a Russian in your team that speaks his own language and fails hard. Just give them hates and they will be happy with their game loses.... Also, apart from this bad matchmaking that makes you lose 10 games in a row while playing good, the game features an unitard mute system that helps the Russians mute you for an entire week, just because you speak English in an English preference game. There is not a single game without at least one Russian talking sh!t in his f#cked-up language, no matter which server are you playing on. The percentage of deserved punishments of all the players getting punished by the auto punish report system must be less than 10%. How reports are planned to be used in Dota2: -This guy intentionally ruins the game for the other players, REPORT. -This guy flames and insults other players and is very unpleasant to play with, REPORT. How reports are ACTUALLY used in Dota2: -This guy doesn't play this hero the way i do, lol, he is noob, REPORT. -This guy doesn't know russian language, REPORT  BLYAD. -This guy told me what to do, i dont like him, REPORT. -This guy died for first blood, what a feeder, REPORT. -This guy just killed me, i dont like him, REPORT. A while ago developers added "ranked" matchmaking to Dota 2. I've been waiting 2 years for this moment, hoping that when ranked is here it would separate bad players from good players and i would finally get to play with some players that are on my level. COMPLETE OPPOSITE! That so called "ranked" matchmaking is so much worse than the regular bad matchmaking. First of all, this is not even a real ranked system. It has no ranks. Skill is "measured" in numbers. Second - i don't even know why they add a ranked system anyway when it matches people that are rank 4000+ with people that are rank 3500. They couldnt even get it to match ranks close to one another. They even removed the solo que option, so basically you go solo, you play with other solos vs a stacked party enemy, and if thats not enough - the solo teammates you get are 10 times worse than the ones you used to get in normal matchmaking. Getting matched with all kinds of noobs, trolls and sh!t. Playing this game solo is worse than aids and cancer combined! The community is so good that when you disconnect in a game, where you play very good and your team is winning, the enemy team starts unpausing the game for you to get the abandon just that so they can increase their chance of winning or leave the game.
game-hours: 1840.8
review: good game, and u will never bored to play this game
game-hours: 1337.8
review: NICE GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 6543.4
review: Hello, il mio nome is GIROLAMO SAVONAROLA I my italiano. I want be profesionali playeretti of defense of the Agnolotti. Then I sold all my spaghetti so I can bought a branderini new coputterini and farma all gaems. Per favore no coperinato pasterinato caramel macchiato.
game-hours: 1864.3
review: whats on ur mind ?
game-hours: 539.1
review: =)
game-hours: 831.3
review: Not Bad lah
game-hours: 273.9
review: cool
game-hours: 272.0
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 1410.4
review: i love dota very much.but,please don't giving update that too high such as 1.5Gb
game-hours: 291.5
review: Nice Community, unlock League of legends. Intense Gameplay. Good Game.I like It
game-hours: 1208.0
review: One of the best F2P game out there to play with friends.
game-hours: 2053.0
review: this game is so awesome i cant stop playing it
game-hours: 1973.4
review: awesome
game-hours: 1461.3
review: to learn how to work with other random people
game-hours: 1268.9
review: Good Game /gg
game-hours: 2527.2
review: Will ruin your life while making you miserable at the same time. But inbetween that, you won't find a game better than this.
game-hours: 5197.2
review: doto top game!
game-hours: 1179.7
review: Russians.......
game-hours: 2075.2
review: buenisimo :)
game-hours: 522.5
review: realy fun game to pass the time with firends
game-hours: 397.6
review: gg
game-hours: 95.1
review: very interesting and strategic game, i like it :)
game-hours: 1337.4
review: 99% of players - 14 yo dumb fuqs 1% - divinely pleasant people. Should play at least for them.
game-hours: 1075.2
review: Just play Dota 2 , Damn it.
game-hours: 501.4
review: Good game. item drops makes it addicting to play. gotta collect em all!
game-hours: 346.8
review: GREAT GAME!
game-hours: 1403.1
review: You cant just only sit by seeing the others play this game. Try it and you will never doubt me. a lot improvement from the old one under WC3. 9/10 from me.
game-hours: 3458.6
review: I like dota 2 because i play for fun. And i appreciate other players.
game-hours: 2274.9
review: this game brings online game to a whole new level. A game within 30~60 sometimes it might be longer but still, it requires a lot of communicate, teamwork, skills. There will be top players that affect the team fight but most important of the game is to  the enemy team down to the hell
game-hours: 1040.2
review: Excellent game, only ruined by the moments when I get teamed up with newbies/throwers/leavers. Overall 9/10.
game-hours: 721.9
review: Its all about hiding in the trees HAHAHA
game-hours: 39.4
review: easy to understand, i`ll definitley recommend it.
game-hours: 1000.4
review: This is a game that is relatively straight-forward play, but takes a long time to master. The community is , especially if your a n00b, but if u play well with others, or just play well in general, you'll have a blast. Also, you can't be stupid and play this game well. You need a sense of cause and effect, and a sense of strategy. I would suggest playing with bots for a while, then once you've got the hang of things, public matches is a good idea.
game-hours: 1380.5
review: This game has taught me so much things that ill never forget : 1- The only good russians are always on the enemy side. 2- That the whole dota community would defend ukraine against russia. 3- That Brazilians dont only suck in football, but in DotA2 too. 4- In low priority games, your whole team is always full of hard carries. 5- That excuse in which a feeder blames "lag" is overused. 6- "Oh 2 russians in my team ? GG WP" every single time. Good game, taught me how to swear in russian !
game-hours: 996.3
review: To be honest, the latest update is good. Though the update has changed some hero from normal to incredible, and some from great to bad.
game-hours: 1438.3
review: i like play doat
game-hours: 595.8
review: Summing up the game in four statements/words!!! Russians. Rage. "I  your mum." Awesome community(Sarcasm) It also ruins your life forever. Once you start, there is no stopping 10/10 would recommend
game-hours: 7.1
review: I can't play strategy. 10 out of 10.
game-hours: 1095.7
review: Its the "sequel" to the famous DotA, developed with Icefrog the one that got DotA its competitive charme, what more can you say? Other than maybe: "One of the best games here on Steam if you want to play with and against human players"
game-hours: 200.0
review: Great game ever....
game-hours: 826.7
review: Dota <3
game-hours: 2714.0
review: this is nice game for pro like me
game-hours: 651.5
review: More intense than H.O.T.S, slightly more competitive than L.O.L.
game-hours: 663.7
review: this is good game
game-hours: 2613.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 2437.1
review: Do i recommend this game ? Hell yes.
game-hours: 1676.4
review: COME JOIN PLAY
game-hours: 956.1
review: Awesome. A game you don't have to commit hours of your life to while having unlimited replay value. The only other game I can compare it to are Diablo and Age of Empires. But it's match based, and unique. 5 out of 5 stars!
game-hours: 128.5
review: AWESOME GAME
game-hours: 909.9
review: Ruined my life, made me spend over 400 hours staring at a computer screen screaming at fat dudes over the internet. Would definitely recomend, 10/10
game-hours: 584.6
review: really fun zero rage
game-hours: 1092.0
review: This game is very fun to play but only if you like a challenging game, if you think it is to challenging then you should play league of legands.
game-hours: 344.2
review: Addicting
game-hours: 0.8
review: difficult to get the controls but other than that good game
game-hours: 3975.8
review: Very Good :))
game-hours: 3068.1
review: I have spent around 1,500 hours in this game. Enough said.
game-hours: 1727.6
review: d pra fazer um caldo easy.
game-hours: 1584.4
review: Only the best game ever!
game-hours: 517.6
review: I like this game men it rocks. :) i just dont know why riki has permanent invisibility on lvl 1.
game-hours: 1.0
review: Try LoL, this game is different some how... I tried to play it, but it never really hooked me. To put it in simple terms; it was not entertaining. Tutorial is so long to complete, that's what killed the fun for me the most.
game-hours: 817.7
review: DOTA 2 is crazy game
game-hours: 74.7
review: GOOD!!!
game-hours: 1851.6
review: I like this game! Very very nice!
game-hours: 672.6
review: :">
game-hours: 2708.2
review: Nice game
game-hours: 521.0
review: 1
game-hours: 1971.8
review: :)
game-hours: 318.7
review: When you first start to play Dota 2, it becomes kind of annoying to figure out how to play and what to do. After a few matches, you get frustrated and stop, mostly because of the long game times. You come back to it after 2 or 3 days, and you know what the game is about and have a brief idea on how to play it. After some games, its not as frustrating than when you first started. You continue to play for some weeks afterwards, and decide to abandon a match, due to whatever may be the reason - lag, bad hero, didn't win, etc. You realise that there is a low-priority pool, and have to play in it for 2-4 matches. You get annoyed again when you see that you don't receive points to level up due to low-priority. Nevertheless, you finish your matches and continue. In one match, you get abused for doing a wrong move, or just playing badly, and get annoyed once again from the other player. This continues for some time. By 1 -2 months, you start playing a lot better and aren't as afraid to chat to your team - and if necessary, the other team. After more time, you seem to be great at it, but then you lose the nest 10 games. Anger hits you, from the losses of game after game after game, and suddenly you win. You are now a great Dota player, with all the skills required to play perfectly - well at least almost perfectly, apart from the mishaps every now and then. One of the best games I've played.
game-hours: 4780.4
review: i like this game :)
game-hours: 1726.5
review: ruin my life
game-hours: 905.0
review: Good Game (y)
game-hours: 508.6
review: I recommend this game all the way. There's quite the learning curve and some players aren't very nice but once you get into it's a very injoyable strategic experience.
game-hours: 346.0
review: I like It its a good game when you have friends and noobs as your friends like TAKITO
game-hours: 2426.8
review: nice game,
game-hours: 878.0
review: get angry sim 2013
game-hours: 2882.0
review: I've never tried crack but it must be like this
game-hours: 819.8
review: Very good, many servers worldwide, Russians on every server. Learn russian today and and have fun!
game-hours: 1911.4
review: If you want to play a moba game other then League of Legends, then you should wait no longer. Dota 2 is an excellent moba game with alot of exciting events. Unlike League of Legends you can play every hero in Dota 2 without paying for it. You don't have to buy any hero. You can collect cosmetic items for your hero in Dota 2. You are eligible to find items after you finished a game. You can find items like chests, couriers, hero gear/weapons and much more. There is also a ingame shop where you can buy cosmetic items, but this is optional.
game-hours: 335.1
review: 100% Dotah
game-hours: 1073.7
review: Made me forget about my life, left me with no time for anything else, no room to do anything else, or the will to do anything else. Almost completely ed up my life. Also taught me some Russian curse words. 10/10.
game-hours: 1673.5
review: DotA will ruin your life, but it's worth it.
game-hours: 1923.4
review: Amazing game! If you like co op multiplayer games, get this one!
game-hours: 1575.0
review: Game paling GG yg ga ada matinya bagi gue Dota itu hidup gue
game-hours: 642.0
review: I have sex while playing this game... And yes i want to build a snowman.
game-hours: 1196.5
review: Terrific for all my PvP loving friends, very simply yet versitle take on a classic format.
game-hours: 470.3
review: Let's fun
game-hours: 1417.9
review: awesome gamer
game-hours: 1781.8
review: I started playing Heroes of Newerth and i enjoyed it very much! Alot of my competitive friends left and went to play Dota. i eventually ended up doing so too. I cant describe how happy I am with the move. Dota 2 is by far the best of it's kind. Scratch League, Scratch Hon, Scratch and of them other copy cat wannabes and make the switch today. Updates all the time, new models all the time, the orginal FroG who created this presents is in lead with valve. There's no reason not to switch. Stop being a follower and become a leader!
game-hours: 17.7
review: Russian Language Simulator 2014
game-hours: 631.3
review: 8/8 m8
game-hours: 818.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 2456.6
review: a nice game
game-hours: 2760.5
review: Addictive
game-hours: 1864.5
review: Hearing about this back when I was still in highschool playing DotA made me very excited. Immediately signing up for the beta. It took longer than one may expect to get a beta key. I got in around the time Invoker was released which is actually perfect timing since I was still honing my skills with him. For a gamer who spent a lot of time in the first game, It wasn't too hard getting into this game. The feeling is there, the looks of the heroes are very similar which is good since going too far from the original concept might be a bad idea. I have invested a lot of time in this since the day I got my beta key. There are two things that worries me first being that the cosmetics shop might get too fancy for a game like this. I fear the day that we get to see them selling a panda outfit for Pudge or a candy cane for Rylai. The last thing is Valve implementing game changing items like a +STR hat or an outfit that makes you invisible to the enemy team for a short amount of time. We'll see.
game-hours: 1864.5
review: Hearing about this back when I was still in highschool playing DotA made me very excited. Immediately signing up for the beta. It took longer than one may expect to get a beta key. I got in around the time Invoker was released which is actually perfect timing since I was still honing my skills with him. For a gamer who spent a lot of time in the first game, It wasn't too hard getting into this game. The feeling is there, the looks of the heroes are very similar which is good since going too far from the original concept might be a bad idea. I have invested a lot of time in this since the day I got my beta key. There are two things that worries me first being that the cosmetics shop might get too fancy for a game like this. I fear the day that we get to see them selling a panda outfit for Pudge or a candy cane for Rylai. The last thing is Valve implementing game changing items like a +STR hat or an outfit that makes you invisible to the enemy team for a short amount of time. We'll see.
game-hours: 3104.7
review: Best Online game ever
game-hours: 949.9
review: Sooooo much better than lol. Lol players can't deny that.
game-hours: 1052.8
review: Pure Awesomeness
game-hours: 529.1
review: Hey
game-hours: 1505.4
review: thats my favourite game thanks createros ;)
game-hours: 5.2
review: lots of fun
game-hours: 4284.0
review: Very nice game.If you dont play Dota, I dont know you)))
game-hours: 890.2
review: we love dota
game-hours: 872.1
review: Good game. Pretty hard.
game-hours: 117.6
review: Meh game for meh people. Too complicated and too slow paced for me, but maybe it's just slow paced when your mmr is -10
game-hours: 1858.0
review: ...
game-hours: 1960.8
review: Nice game
game-hours: 3.2
review: i disliked the 2 because i never saw the 1. valve y u no math?
game-hours: 854.1
review: Good Game
game-hours: 176.8
review: love this game
game-hours: 789.8
review: Legs fell asleep while playing. Tried to walk, broke my collarbone 10/10
game-hours: 1683.7
review: If you have at least 4 other friends on Steam, make a 5-man team and play! Even if you don't have any friends, its a great way to meet people who need help.
game-hours: 699.2
review: geme good
game-hours: 774.2
review: SIMPLY THE BEST MOBA GAME OF ALL TIME
game-hours: 1620.4
review: game is awful
game-hours: 763.2
review: good game :D
game-hours: 951.1
review: this game is a very addicting game no problems
game-hours: 3100.3
review: BEST GAME!!!
game-hours: 1481.6
review: Playing Dota 2 is like being on a soccer team made up of monkeys. While you're playing against a team made up of 5 Ronaldos.
game-hours: 2545.4
review: It's one of the most tactial and addictive games ever.
game-hours: 832.0
review: Kai gamw ta game
game-hours: 4268.8
review: Ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 709.2
review: The best MOBA I ever play. You should try it :D !
game-hours: 1894.1
review: Its a sick game... But we all are sick too...
game-hours: 3558.6
review: If you want a game that is different every time you play it that it never bores you to death after 2 campaigns like those COD stuffs, then this is the game for you. This game is hard, it needs teamwork, it needs brains, skills, execution, etc that there's an art to it. Currently the game with highest e-sport prize, this game will make you ignore girlfriend, and a whole lot of things. One of the best game ever created because of its replayability, yes you're gonna waste hours, months, and years on this game and never master it because it is just that hard, and it always changes, the meta, the enemy, the people you play with. This game evolves with you and you evolve with, provided that you're not an  who can't listen to people and won't notice your mistake. I put this game among my top best of the best game ever created. It's just the stuff that makes you want to hone your skill and sense, more and more and more and more. This game is your new girlfriend or at least your mistress. Play it!
game-hours: 1369.2
review: just wanna say : (y) NICE GAME
game-hours: 111.2
review: It is a great strategic game. Rather than a relaxing game, it is a rather tense and exciting one. Better than volleyball.
game-hours: 582.2
review: Epic game ever!!
game-hours: 1527.4
review: Awesome Game!!!!!
game-hours: 24.3
review: nice
game-hours: 161.6
review: One Of the best games i've ever played
game-hours: 1063.0
review: Good game !!
game-hours: 1172.4
review: It was when I got rejected when I started playing DotA Allstars in Warcraft III, I was hooked to it. I spent 12 - 14 hours playing it every day. I started to get bored by it and day after day, I didn't feel like playing anymore. When Dota 2 was announced, I wanted to get the beta key... but I didn't, and since I didn't feel like playing the original, I spent maybe a year without it. A friend gave me a key to Dota 2, I installed it and played it once, it was my first time getting wrecked so bad that I didn't have the urge to play another game It was then someone broke my heart, I have never been so down in my life. I took so many antidepressants and peer to peer meetings, but nothing works. One day, that same friend who gave me the key, invited me to play. We won and suddenly I felt better. I played and I played a lot. And every game made me feel better about myself and my perspective in life. Dota 2 was there for me when life was too twisted, when reality was too painful to bear. No matter how much I got rejected and how many times I felt alone, Dota was there, to make me happy and make me feel better. Good things has to come to an end so that better things can start, that was when I met her. She fixed the hole in my heart and stitched up the wreckage of the past. For weeks, I played Dota less and less. Right now, I gave all my stuff to my friend that gave me the beta key, a gift of gratitude if you will. So long Dota and thanks for being there for me when I was down and when I want to escape reality 10/10
game-hours: 1555.9
review: GGWP
game-hours: 0.4
review: Very nice game and it's free :D
game-hours: 2419.7
review: dota is like chess except there is only 5 peices and you are one of them. it takes a very long time to really get 'good' at the game, and you will probably get mad, and have people get mad at you because this game is multiplayer and that is what happens in multiplayer games.
game-hours: 4669.6
review: 123
game-hours: 1133.4
review: The best game ever
game-hours: 872.0
review: This game right, you got trees in it and all that and it's just so much fun. There's a hero, I think he's called the spell creator, and he can do a create a spell! Oooo oh oh and theres a hero called "Tiny" but let me assure you, he's actually quite large :3
game-hours: 923.2
review: veryx1 000 000 good game'
game-hours: 4690.2
review: This game changed me, more than other games ever did. 10/10
game-hours: 4984.8
review: definitely one of the best games ever created
game-hours: 909.8
review: i started play dota 2 because i wanted to try out a moba and at the time, i was a happy guy who loved pc games like hearthstone and sc2. i then started getting better and better playing with teamates THAT ARE COMPLETE TRASH REPORT THHESE FOOLS WTF DOES CYK A MEAN STOP FEEDING WHEN I HAVE SOME FRIENDS OVER FOR A DRINK THEY THINK I HAVE PROBLEMS WHY DOTA HAVE TO DO THIS TO ME. I NOW SPEAK RUSSIAN AND I COMMUNICATE WELL WITH MY PERUVIANS BRETHREN JAJAJAJAJAJA 10/10 would cy ka
game-hours: 3229.8
review: It's just amazing, that's really all there is to say. And if you really want proof, just look at all the players, GLOBALLY. And don't even get me started on the level of competition in this GEM OF A ING FREE TO PLAY GAME, does a grand prize pool of a little over 2 MILLION* MEAN ANYTHING TO ANYONE? Thanks a lot Valve for making me feel guilty, I ain't worthy to play this. Oh and thanks Blizzard! You'll always be top tier. *And now with the International 4 the prize pool is over 9 million. Go ing figure.
game-hours: 1668.6
review: best
game-hours: 556.8
review: Great game
game-hours: 189.4
review: Simply Awesome!!!!
game-hours: 183.1
review: I liked the game very nice
game-hours: 333.9
review: This game was there for me when I needed to waste time and vent out. Definitely worth wasting your life on.
game-hours: 1660.9
review: nice game more fun
game-hours: 474.3
review: dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2 dota2
game-hours: 1448.0
review: Best game !!!
game-hours: 495.7
review: bad
game-hours: 1134.4
review: I hate Doom !
game-hours: 1119.7
review: it hurts to play ive wasted alot of hours trying to play and still  game
game-hours: 799.2
review: Fun and free to play with your friends
game-hours: 2121.9
review: The best game ever.
game-hours: 351.6
review: nice
game-hours: 934.8
review: asd
game-hours: 383.4
review: This game is great but in WINDOWS VISTA this game is not working i'm using WINDOWS VISTA from my own loptop and when i open dota 2 it said Dota.exe has stop working!... but all in all this game is GREAT!
game-hours: 977.6
review: I love dota
game-hours: 628.7
review: Like
game-hours: 3133.1
review: Approved
game-hours: 1919.4
review: adadad
game-hours: 308.8
review: GOOD
game-hours: 2372.5
review: most . addictive. game. ever... probably
game-hours: 1201.6
review: Literally best moba 10/10 anno domini 2k are you even trying riot?
game-hours: 150.9
review: Ezy kill Ezy win
game-hours: 17.2
review: Update Simulator 2014
game-hours: 748.6
review: i liked this game.. socialized, and make you think twice to not doing selfish :)
game-hours: 824.5
review: Behind the scenes The game plays out really well if you don't take into account the mad russians who are constantly acting as if they are the game itself, or the new players who don't know anything regarding how not to land into enemy hands. Other than that mild seperation of fun and anguish, the game itself is fun and worthwhile to play and spend some quality time killing other people on a cyber world.
game-hours: 992.4
review: I like dota that it has good caracters.
game-hours: 1783.2
review: Dota 2 is like roulette, you can add a bullet for every russian teammate.
game-hours: 686.3
review: 9/10 Most racist game out there.
game-hours: 744.5
review: This game can be super fun; however, it can also be the worst experience of a lifetime as well. I usually only play it if I have four other friends to queue with. That said, if you want to have a life, don't download this game. It's so time consuming and will require you to devote so much time and effort. Also, it's way better than League of Legends.
game-hours: 11.8
review: great game but this is a game where there is serious lifers who get annoyed for something as simple as not following a build guide in a normal (unranked) game, so if u like tactical, fantasy based, point'n'click strategy games and at the same time making sad lifers mentaly rage, this is the game for u
game-hours: 903.8
review: gg
game-hours: 1858.9
review: So challenging when there are no stupid players in game. But still, thumbs up!
game-hours: 3185.5
review: DON'T PLAY THIS GAME.
game-hours: 341.2
review: Great tactical game, makes me think what item would suit my situation best.
game-hours: 3.7
review: Best Game Ever 100 000 000 peoples play that game :D
game-hours: 2103.0
review: xD
game-hours: 147.0
review: deuta teu is a game made by volvo softwaree. vry good cntrls if you know russian. no ruski=bad day. 8/8 gr8 m8
game-hours: 832.3
review: Nice game
game-hours: 73.4
review: L.O.L has nothing against this uprising in Dota 2 not hating on League but Dota has this feel mobas just wont be able to improve on or make similar to. I stopped playing this game recently but my interests to it have drwan me back. With the game becoming bigger and bigger its setting a new margain for the guys behind dota 2 but i feel what the community wants incorporated in the game willl be seen even though i feel the game is spot on for a moba( even though i havent played hero of the storms yet :p), but in other words nothing is better then F2P so go and try this game you will not regret it!
game-hours: 1732.4
review: Don't play this game if you want to have a life. 500% recommended
game-hours: 2739.9
review: Best game!
game-hours: 1627.9
review: it's like the first Dota, but it's TWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
game-hours: 242.6
review: better than league
game-hours: 711.9
review: Loads of fun during the weekends, at almost zero cost!
game-hours: 934.8
review: Love dis game so much :)
game-hours: 1527.1
review: awesome , very nice game... stress relieving game!!!
game-hours: 4646.7
review: ENG: Dota 2 is one of the most amazing games currently avaiable for Steam users! Don't miss it! It'll surely be worth your while! xD - - - - - BRA: Dota 2  um dos jogos mais legais que esto atualmente disponveis para os usurios do Steam! No perca! Certamente valer muito a pena! xD
game-hours: 161.8
review: This game is the perfect game to piss you off and put you in a very  mood for the rest of the day, and I still love it.
game-hours: 508.1
review: recommended!!!
game-hours: 2168.4
review: asd
game-hours: 2460.1
review: BEst Game never get TireD of playing it :D
game-hours: 958.8
review: Tiny is very happy rock 10/10
game-hours: 586.4
review: good
game-hours: 1585.7
review: i liked this game
game-hours: 66.7
review: Such skill, very hard, much teamwork, amaze.
game-hours: 1421.2
review: wp
game-hours: 590.5
review: xD Gaming !
game-hours: 587.6
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 747.4
review: ing game
game-hours: 781.9
review: Awesome game. One will be addicted so easily. Love to play it :D If size of the update will reduced it will be more fun. Enjoy it.
game-hours: 1312.4
review: Worst FPS game I've ever played. 11/10 Fedora = 0 Swag = 0 I recommend it over Skyrim, but Stickman RPG is still better.
game-hours: 1587.8
review: Awesome game, but has a very huge learning curve. Which means you have to play a lot of games just to learn the ropes. If you are looking for campaigns or binge campaign mode gaming, this game is not for you. If you are looking for FPS games that end in 10 mins, this game is also not for you. If you are looking for 30 mins - 1 hour real time strategy game, this game is for you.
game-hours: 262.1
review: perfectly made for hardcore players
game-hours: 3214.4
review: BEST GAME EVER !!!
game-hours: 1171.9
review: Love is like playing Dota, easy to begin, hard to end. So when you fall in love, choose a hero that is willing to fight with you untill the end. x)
game-hours: 1334.7
review: i like this game
game-hours: 1543.9
review: Personally, I really enjoy playing this game for the most part. Aside from the constant foreign rage and everyone blaming each other for mistakes, this is a really fun team game. Sure, it takes a long time to figure out what each hero does and what counters what, but once you get to that point it becomes a fantastic game to play with friends. It really shows how well you can adapt to certain situations or communicate with your team to be effective and win the game.
game-hours: 660.8
review: the best game ever!:)
game-hours: 473.7
review: best game ever
game-hours: 28.1
review: KILL ALL THE THINGS
game-hours: 1514.8
review: I love this game
game-hours: 1010.6
review: niceeeeeeee
game-hours: 702.6
review: A very tough game to master, yet with experience and sheer patience you will spend many an hour enjoying this game. The beauty lies with the how every new Dota 2 game you undertake will be competely unique from the last.
game-hours: 1087.6
review: ,   .     2    ,    !
game-hours: 2113.4
review: LOVE 4 EVER THIS GAME :)
game-hours: 1.9
review: great game
game-hours: 1185.9
review: Awesome Game
game-hours: 2089.0
review: Very enjpyable game.
game-hours: 1057.7
review: I like dota 2 because it so fun and my dislike is there so many trashtalk and newbee player
game-hours: 1925.5
review: good
game-hours: 19.6
review: Best MOBA.
game-hours: 589.6
review: So challenging and a great exercise for our brain on how faster our brain process in any situation
game-hours: 1502.0
review: nice game like it =)
game-hours: 2312.5
review: My girlfriend broke up with me. 10/10 worth it though.
game-hours: 2370.0
review: Good game, a bit overrated in my opinion.
game-hours: 1758.8
review: Guys try this game its more fun like no other. Just try it and experience extrerme fun and enjoyment. Goodluck have fun.
game-hours: 1030.1
review: highly recommend this game
game-hours: 2695.9
review: Best moba so far.
game-hours: 2126.1
review: Best MOBA!
game-hours: 3142.0
review: great multiplayer game
game-hours: 580.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 1353.9
review: Very entertaining! Takes a while to learn but keeps you hooked up for a long time.
game-hours: 615.3
review: nice dota2
game-hours: 1612.9
review: Great game,ty volvo :)
game-hours: 759.7
review: Don't play because you'll feed.
game-hours: 261.3
review: ......
game-hours: 2122.2
review: i love this game. im adicted to dota2!
game-hours: 357.3
review: Good ! :)
game-hours: 2641.8
review: I like this game because its a nice and fun game especially with my team :)
game-hours: 782.3
review: Dota 2 is hands down one of the most amazing games ever made.
game-hours: 2507.7
review: verry'' good game
game-hours: 1654.2
review: good game, steep learning curve
game-hours: 1602.7
review: 2  ,  .   ,     ....
game-hours: 1206.7
review: Very hard but fun game. Lear team work, game specific skills, and how to hate other people.
game-hours: 1376.8
review: Very very very good game !!!
game-hours: 793.1
review: i love DOTA 2 forever.
game-hours: 1250.3
review: Perfect strategic game
game-hours: 443.0
review: the mechanics are easy to understand good graphics entertaining sound effects user friendly
game-hours: 1194.5
review: RAMPAGE..!!
game-hours: 1.7
review: This is one outstanding game, I just got the game today. Dota 2 is one of the best games ever, if you enjoy RPG type games, this game is definetely the one for you. The introduction may be a little long, but it's worth that. I love Dota 2!!! 10/10
game-hours: 2210.9
review: Pls optimize DotA 2 for slower computers as ultrabooks(for examle acer Aspire s3 with hd 3000|4000, mcbook air), netbooks and computers with old stuff. Can you minimise the number of polygons in models for slow computers? P.S. I want to play DotA 2 on my tablet PC with out FPS reduction.
game-hours: 1585.8
review: nc
game-hours: 42.9
review: gg
game-hours: 810.6
review: how to sell and buy item
game-hours: 1551.8
review: Fun game
game-hours: 560.7
review: 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 1986.6
review: I am addicted to this game,just like how i was addicted to tf2 before,very.
game-hours: 527.2
review: Really entertaining game with tons of characters. You might run into your average player who was spoiled when growing up and whines when no one listen to his commands. You also have to get pass the "noob 'insert player name here'" rants. Good bit of players will speak Russian, Spanish, and Portuguese. You might have a chance to understand them but in the end only having your face yelled at for misunderstanding an order from the AUTO-CAPTAIN; which is the spoiled kid who you hate.
game-hours: 1234.0
review: One needs to be somewhat fond of Moba games to really like DotA 2, but if you do, this game is for you. Now that it's free it is just extra awesome. The graphics are great and the gameplay is awesome. No game is the same. A warning though: New players will be scolded for dying and the learning curve is pretty harsh. But once you understand the game pretty well it becomes one of the most awesome games you'll ever play.
game-hours: 973.8
review: Loads of  in-game, but after you get past your noob phase, YOU BECOME THE .
game-hours: 879.5
review: nice
game-hours: 1865.1
review: Most epic
game-hours: 7.4
review: gjghjhjhhjghjg
game-hours: 923.4
review: Very Good Game. A Must Try ^_^
game-hours: 36.4
review: Awesome Game. Takes some learning though.
game-hours: 324.8
review: I can't recall a game that is more addictive than this son of a .
game-hours: 454.0
review: This games good do stuff with it have kids, no one cares
game-hours: 194.1
review: LE BEST GAME EUW COS THE SERVERS ACTUALLY WORK!
game-hours: 509.7
review: GG game ever
game-hours: 321.3
review: For pros!
game-hours: 583.0
review: What can i say? The game is a ing "gg".....
game-hours: 3774.8
review: cool
game-hours: 668.9
review: I love this game. Because improve my team work ability. And improve strategy thinking base on many situation in game. Enjoy with your friend or solo by your self!
game-hours: 715.5
review: rtgh4trh
game-hours: 678.4
review: i used to play soccer but now dota allll dddddaaaaaay thanks any way
game-hours: 2303.2
review: Epic competitive/interesting game and with that said... Also EXTREMELY fun !!! <3 Na'Vi
game-hours: 456.7
review: This game is for anyone who feels that they have gaming skills
game-hours: 105.6
review: This game is a RMOBA Russian Multiplayer Online Battle Arena 10/10
game-hours: 1131.4
review: Gonna take over your life. Even if you had none to begin with. 10/10 #totallyworthit
game-hours: 6.4
review: It's a complex game with lots of champions you can play and it's a lot of fun.
game-hours: 2174.6
review: Good
game-hours: 2729.3
review: Amazing game if you hate yourself.
game-hours: 3658.0
review: nice
game-hours: 4234.3
review: Best game on Steam, requires alot of skill and tactics, best with friends. Most popular game on steam definetly recomend.
game-hours: 2694.9
review: Game for gods.
game-hours: 2453.8
review: best game sofar
game-hours: 668.0
review: Sometimes a headache, always training noobs, getting ganked when it's least expected, those cheap characters (you know which ones I am talking about,) and half of your team quiting most of the time when they get pwned for acting crazy. 10/10 game. Would recommend to anyone... Welcome to the end of your life, and say goodbye to the sun.
game-hours: 80.1
review: Best Game For make a newfriend make a laugh and Make me happy everytime i playing this game
game-hours: 691.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 468.1
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 1282.8
review: Keep calmits only a game
game-hours: 1580.7
review: best shooting game ever
game-hours: 1304.5
review: Best Report Player Simulator 2014 and How-to-learn-russian 2014 How can one not like this game with great features like: -you are a "" in every game -A loving community that just thinks you need to practice so therefore "uninstall dota u noob". -You get cool nicknames like feeder,noob and  -you stay a virgin 10/10 best game
game-hours: 809.0
review: Stun Simulator
game-hours: 105.0
review: i like this game so good and more fun with other player <3
game-hours: 151.6
review: A great strategy game highly reccomendend for anyone looking for a fully interactive and customizable war game.
game-hours: 85.5
review: The Game Is so great i couldnt even fap
game-hours: 1321.5
review: Andrew says it 9/10. But not as good as Fallout New Vegas. RISK factions still number 1
game-hours: 174.9
review: When u involve theres no outside world
game-hours: 1123.3
review: yes this is a fun to play game :) and i love it DOTA 2 FOREVER
game-hours: 1222.5
review: good game if you want to learn 5 different languages
game-hours: 317.4
review: Best Doto
game-hours: 22.7
review: really fun if you like league of legends you`ll love this
game-hours: 695.7
review: The game is great
game-hours: 37.2
review: I died. A lot. 10/10 would die again.
game-hours: 43.8
review: This is an excellent game. For Warcraft 3 lovers, who have played the original DOTA, this will blow you away. There have been a lot of improvements to the overall gameplay, balancing, item modification, hero selection, and overall purpose to the game. For players new to DOTA, not only is this game free to play, (with some purchasable items in game that have no effect on the outcome of the game, just cosmetics), but it is very easily learned, a lot of fun, and it is a game that can be played in about 45 minute intervals. The DOTA Profile is also a great feature, leveling you up as you gain experience so you can be matched with players that are relatively the same skill level you are. It also includes some fun information, like who your most successful heroes were, your win/loss record, and items that you want to feature. Coaching/Spectating is a great new feature from the original DOTA Warcraft 3 Map, because you can have experienced players come in and watch you play, coaching you. You can set it to where you can only listen to that person and no one else, providing personalized instruction. Hero Build/ Item Build is awesome, you can literally create customized builds for your heroes that can be used through the entire steam community. If you're learning a hero you've never played, selecting a community build is a great way to learn. There are many other features, and many other reasons to give the game a try. Whether your an old hat at DOTA, or looking for a change of pace, this game is for you.
game-hours: 307.7
review: This game is awsome!
game-hours: 1260.3
review: thumbs up
game-hours: 1631.4
review: Good and Funtastic Game ever ... I Love this game , I spent all of my time for this game ..
game-hours: 424.1
review: best game in the world.
game-hours: 671.8
review: good
game-hours: 146.8
review: Super Fun and Stratigic Based
game-hours: 875.9
review: straight cash homie
game-hours: 1475.1
review: g...
game-hours: 951.4
review: gooooooooooood
game-hours: 2073.7
review: nice
game-hours: 1186.1
review: this game really awesome!
game-hours: 2448.4
review: :(
game-hours: 1113.9
review: yes
game-hours: 715.6
review: When I first played the game, I was confused and didnt understand the strategy behind MOBAs. Frustrated, I quit the game for a year. But I came back to try again, I learned from my mistakes and took in some advice, along with watching a few videos on the basics of the game. Once I had a grasp of it and knew what I was doing I began to enjoy the game MUCH MUCH more. The game has great Lore, simple controls, and an easy-to-use shop. This game is also truly F2P, yes, you can buy items from the market that use actual real-world money, but these items are PURELY cosmetic, and do not give you an advantage whatsoever. Most of these cosmetic items can be earned by simply playing the game, which in my opinion makes it truly F2P. This game also has excellent Steam integration, with free guides to help you learn the game. In short, this is a fantastic game that I intend to spend many more hours playing. I fully recommend this title to gamers of all skill levels.
game-hours: 1364.6
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 228.9
review: u have to play it! thats all
game-hours: 956.4
review: Awesome.
game-hours: 1648.5
review: the only game that teaches you the correct spelling of russian curse words.
game-hours: 1751.6
review: Multiplayer strategy based fps game :) The best thing in game everybody is equal and a game takes 30-60 mins. You cant buy anything makes you advantageous. Its great but takes some time to learn it you can watch tournaments firstly.
game-hours: 1109.8
review: everyone must play this game, because this game is amazing. is not about win the game, but this game very full of teamwork with your teammates. everyday i play this game. this is thing what i love so much
game-hours: 474.3
review: great game
game-hours: 794.8
review: GOOD!
game-hours: 850.1
review: Ez
game-hours: 1531.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 374.8
review: (Y)
game-hours: 1027.7
review: J> Key 23k
game-hours: 1466.5
review: great
game-hours: 2776.3
review: why SEA asia sever keep got problem i keep cant ply with my friends
game-hours: 1137.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 2139.9
review: GGWP!
game-hours: 2430.9
review: -karma
game-hours: 2383.8
review: gg
game-hours: 1461.1
review: Mid or Feed. :>
game-hours: 25.4
review: U should get this game
game-hours: 1071.4
review: MAKE BATRIDER NORMAL VOLVO, FIX HIM
game-hours: 751.5
review: Its the dotes. Get dotes in your life.
game-hours: 45.0
review: Very fun game and great to play with friends
game-hours: 4808.5
review: DotA is an awesome highly competitive game, those who like being better than others will enjoy it a lot
game-hours: 885.4
review: Nice game indeed :D
game-hours: 4873.5
review: good game
game-hours: 2645.7
review: This game make u addicted
game-hours: 923.6
review: good game to play :)
game-hours: 812.8
review: gay as  game constantly lags Valve  you
game-hours: 1416.0
review: I LIKE DOTA 2
game-hours: 1999.1
review: One of the most addictive game ive ever played n intense
game-hours: 601.3
review: game greget 10/10
game-hours: 1360.3
review: Nice game
game-hours: 386.1
review: aaa A.A, I >ON seECoND'2nd ?ND thouGth ''WAS AlWaYS BUG oN ITMs' EQqiPMENtssz '' [& ] AND Was DeletED< .it > IT Is Needed To Bee refre 'shd FROM: Mr ICEPLAY
game-hours: 312.7
review: Time that I had FUN wasting is not wasted time at all :D
game-hours: 1747.3
review: awesome
game-hours: 388.7
review: Dota 2 Is The Best Free game I've Ever Playes In Steam ^_^
game-hours: 1525.8
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 702.8
review: play and enjoy
game-hours: 366.1
review: Dota 2 is fun, cool & addictive. I highly recommend this masterpiece.  Ce jeu est une tuerie, essayer c'est l'adopter !
game-hours: 1726.8
review: So, it's good team game.
game-hours: 635.0
review: Currently the best Moba out there! Played hundreds of hours on League of legends.. but they have destroyed it with so many patches and server crashes..! Dota2!! GO!
game-hours: 1070.6
review: Russians.
game-hours: 1496.1
review: Good game :D
game-hours: 924.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 516.8
review: Play it, play it now! 6.80 will blow!!!! Best game since WOW, nothing got me hooked so much...
game-hours: 2346.7
review: Dota 2 is a game about social criticism. There are many different valuable classes needed to survive the coming battles, but of course, everyone is tempted to just opt for the top 1%. If there is indeed a working class, it will nearly starve, barely able to afford even basic necessities like boots, in order to sustain the greed of the upper class. There is, of course, a middle class, which is basically just failing to keep up with the upper class while scared  to end up like the lower class. All of this is happening in the vanguard of a great big war that is allegedly happening because the two factions like different tree colors, but it's really to make more money to buy more stuff that allows you to wage more war to make more money. The emulated class system is supported by severe language barriers and the game does a good job of making you hate even your closest friends, eventually. 10/10.
game-hours: 381.0
review: relly good game guys i lve it but whan is gonna be a full version out?
game-hours: 1334.9
review: This game made me stop playing CS GO 10/10
game-hours: 696.5
review: great game :)
game-hours: 1019.7
review: cool
game-hours: 1272.6
review: A very exciting and intelligent game
game-hours: 989.3
review: fun
game-hours: 1970.3
review: nice
game-hours: 2699.5
review: I recommend this game to everyone that ever played dota 1 in Warcraft 3 or played HoN/LoL. I'm looking foward to seeing you in Dota 2.
game-hours: 19.4
review: Dota 2 has a competitive feel to it so if you're a MOBA player who want's to win and dominate the opposition then Dota 2 is the game for you.
game-hours: 1999.0
review: All time good game
game-hours: 373.7
review: i like that dota 2 is easier to play than dota 1 and how you can play with your friends from far places
game-hours: 94.4
review: Fun game and challenging.
game-hours: 1360.9
review: Rahshian Data eez Baist Data In Sahviet Rahshia b means push,comrade!!
game-hours: 402.3
review: awesome game .epic
game-hours: 482.0
review: so cool
game-hours: 1433.8
review: #1
game-hours: 1678.6
review: xx
game-hours: 3792.6
review: good............................................................
game-hours: 1357.7
review: This Thing Stole My ing Life :D
game-hours: 596.5
review: Awesome game. IF YOU DONT HAVE IT... GET IT!
game-hours: 589.9
review: That is a very cool!
game-hours: 2756.1
review: go go go dota
game-hours: 1797.9
review: nice game btw but little bit low grafik
game-hours: 786.7
review: Pretty decent
game-hours: 180.5
review: Russians use Dota 2 as a simulator on which country to invade next. no matter what region you pick you are always with Russians. ALWAYS! Fk can a scotsman no play a round of dota with other scotsman! Not for the noob minded
game-hours: 61.1
review: fun and strategic and most of all nid team work and patience etc. all i can say is if play this game you will be sitting all day long
game-hours: 4794.8
review: Dota2 The Best !
game-hours: 995.6
review: Just Think!
game-hours: 528.7
review: very good game.
game-hours: 597.4
review: ^^
game-hours: 1406.8
review: this game is fantastic and more animated..
game-hours: 2314.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 16.2
review: Got stunlocked for 20 seconds 10/10 would get fked again.
game-hours: 1160.6
review: yup, lol
game-hours: 1417.3
review: Using mac the patch for ctrl + Click does not work as a right click and I meet the system requirements also I have to press "M" or "A" before moving or attacking instead of just being able to right click please fix this patch (ctrl+Click) thanks. Not Fun for Mac Game Play at all. Windows its awesome , Mac is rubbish game play.
game-hours: 2546.6
review: Awesome game for strategy loving gamers!!!
game-hours: 2064.5
review: This game herts my feelings.
game-hours: 2263.8
review: aa
game-hours: 1089.5
review: this game is totally amazing , it's like a rebirth of the father of MOBA genre cool graphic and easy to play for some people i think there are no overpowered hero
game-hours: 2358.8
review: This game is awesome
game-hours: 5751.6
review: Everybody Let's Play Dota 2 and Have Fun!
game-hours: 1017.9
review: It Has A Tough Learning Curve But When You Overcome It, It Offers One Of The Best Experience Out There
game-hours: 3720.1
review: good game kbye
game-hours: 1469.5
review: great game :D
game-hours: 2517.7
review: ITS AWESOMEEE!!!
game-hours: 939.2
review: Dota 2 is the best team strategy game. you need a well coordination and understanding to win every match.
game-hours: 1180.0
review: If we play together we must play at our best. . . .
game-hours: 2639.6
review: nice game ever!!!
game-hours: 20.7
review: Rat Doto, best Doto
game-hours: 1195.8
review: best game ever..hahaha
game-hours: 804.8
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 1780.1
review: the game is good but the servers are very bad
game-hours: 637.1
review: A must play for anyone. From a large pool of unique heroes you play as one who possesses unique abilities to be used in tandem with the rest of your team in order to out-maneuver the opposing team. My first MOBA was LoL, and I have permanently made the switch to Dota 2 after weighing the pros and cons, and have never looked back. With the talented people at Valve continuing to produce and develop this game, I am absolutely certain this will be a revered classic for many years to come.
game-hours: 1731.3
review: Amazing! Best game ever next to Elder Scrolls! Get it now!
game-hours: 724.5
review: Very GooD Game ! I Love Steam <3... !
game-hours: 2157.2
review: Recommend commend
game-hours: 1050.6
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 1353.4
review: Save yourself while you still have a life. Run for it.
game-hours: 1204.9
review: cant get enough!
game-hours: 2453.9
review: Biggest waste of my time. 5 stars :D
game-hours: 197.7
review: This game is play much by myself, but I feel it lacks in abillites and champion roles in the sense that it really doesn't have much varity in how you build your champ/hero as a build can work in just about every situtation. This my seem like a major nark on the game, but I'd say its rather good besides that one part. It has good graphics and a fairly good champ/hero pool. I would say try this out if you're content on not play LoL and games like this, but if you're open to the Moba lifestyle try LoL first honestly. 3.5 out of 5 stars for gameplay. 4.5 out of 5 stars for Pc controls
game-hours: 1196.2
review: THE BEST GAME IVE EVER HAD!!!! THE BIGGEST LIFESTEAL IN THE WORLD 100%
game-hours: 1689.5
review: LOVE IT.
game-hours: 1291.4
review: I like this game a lot..
game-hours: 1249.3
review: ..
game-hours: 1013.8
review: Very addictive game! Straight to play with ALL CHARACTERS! Gain battle points, ranks and NEW ITEMS for the characters. And its free!
game-hours: 1577.4
review: doda doda doda doda
game-hours: 684.1
review: dota 2 trailer is so awsome and this game is so cool i dont know why stupid lol gamers hate this game
game-hours: 200.0
review: Met some russians. They fed. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 813.2
review: well played
game-hours: 1752.0
review: good game
game-hours: 1647.0
review: I'm learning lots from this game: How to  How to speak Russian How to giff mana How to solo mid AND feed How to lose your social life in <1000 hours
game-hours: 2130.1
review: cool
game-hours: 584.9
review: An awesome game. And im into racing and cars. A bit of a learning curve, but highly rewarding once you get into even the average skilled matches. I suggest to read Guides and practice last hitting and denying for a while in passive difficulty in a custom game. You can't get too good at last hitting.
game-hours: 763.3
review: awesome game
game-hours: 693.7
review: cha very nice
game-hours: 347.4
review: such hard game. very worth it. much pleasure. can be any caharacter you want on your side. regular moba game. but very in depth. play bots! then friedns! then make enemies >:) hehehe.
game-hours: 2947.7
review: With dota i've spent almost half of my life. When i was 14 i started with warcraft 3, it was amazing :) Then few years later, friends dragged me to dota. Since that time i never really stoped playing. Few years ago Valve announced its own dota game in cooperation with icefrog. A lot of my mates were sceptical (because of previous attempts for "new dota" - LoL and HoN - were ultimate failure to them). I wasn't, because of icefrog. Since the very beginning i believed in icefrog and in valve and just few weeks after first international i got my own betakey and started to play it. From the very beggining i was so excited about this. Icefrog kept EVERYTHING same, just upgraded things that needed upgrade (graphics, some key mechanics which were limited by warcraft). Ive spent over 10 000 hours in dota2 (dont get confused by hours count on this account ive got a lot of "smurfs") and countless hours in dota overall. Ive met hundreds of amazing people on offline tournaments just because of dota. Countless of amazing people online. For almost decade this game was part of my life and i gotta say THANK YOU ICEFROG AND VALVE AND EVERYONE INVOLVED IN THIS. Dota 4ever <3
game-hours: 1995.9
review: I like the game so much! i am addicted to the game! but i dont like the idea when someone is noob to play, reported by other player for playing noob! Maybe he is a beginner, why blame it to him when the team is lossing.
game-hours: 1246.1
review: good
game-hours: 573.8
review: i want more team work to win the Game Support must always buy WArd Hitter must be hit Tanker must be Tank Farmer must be fast farm
game-hours: 1456.0
review: great russian dating service
game-hours: 1016.1
review: Syndrome of "Only one more match please", and "I HATE THIS GAME SO MUCH" is present. A must play for every MOBA player, just to check how bad you are in this game.
game-hours: 1051.2
review: You can click the bad man and make him die
game-hours: 234.0
review: Best Game in the world
game-hours: 1435.4
review: Please play this game.You'll have fun.
game-hours: 561.4
review: Two teams of five fight across three lanes. Three specific types of shop sell sixty different magical items. There are more than a hundred characters to play, and an unknown quantity still to come. Eight types of specific role that you can play as part of your team. Its safe to say that Dota 2 is a game of numbers. Despite Valves best efforts to ease players in gently, Dota 2 is an inherently overwhelming game. The first few hours of this MOBA are relentlessly bemusing, but after that the difficulty curve becomes smoother - giving you a tangible sense of how youll get better. Each match tends to last somewhere between 30 minutes and an hour, offering vast amounts of entertainment if youve got the time. Lengthy games can cause frustration when things arent going well, however, which is the main source of Dota 2s rep for breeding a virulent strain of internet . Losing isnt frustrating if youre learning something new, and getting to know every character will take roughly 100 hours. Its also worth mentioning that you really get to know them - the vocal work and animations are superb, giving Dota 2 some of the best character design in gaming. Over the next 50 hours it becomes clear that Dota 2s complexity isnt pointless PC-RPG-posturing. Every character, skill, and item serves a purpose. Its a pleasant surprise to find that its depth doesnt damage the clarity of the design. Gold buys you items and XP levels characters up, but in contrast to the messy fashion in which the RPG genre has incrementally evolved, Dota 2s purity shines. Whilst too impenetrable to entice non-savvy spectators, theres no doubting the games quality as an E-sport. Youll need knowledge, skill, and a smidge of spider-sense. Friends to learn with are a must, and dont be deceived by the lack of a pricetag: Dota 2 will cost you hundreds of hours.
game-hours: 14.3
review: best
game-hours: 1988.5
review: Geras geimas,ibandyk ir --->tu!<---
game-hours: 4399.5
review: It's Just Ecstasy.Once You Get The Hold Of It You Will Never Let Go...
game-hours: 2358.2
review: play dota 2
game-hours: 718.2
review: Dota2
game-hours: 2034.9
review: Awesome game~ Very addictive :)
game-hours: 166.6
review: love it
game-hours: 965.3
review: nc game
game-hours: 559.8
review: a addictive game 9/10
game-hours: 1336.2
review: best game ever :)
game-hours: 283.0
review: 10/10 would cm again
game-hours: 552.3
review: this game is supremely addictive lol,obviously it's more awesome than the previous version :D TOTALLY recommended towards girls who are also trying to find a good game!
game-hours: 90.7
review: it's fun until some  steals your last-hits
game-hours: 134.5
review: Fak LoL,the king is back.Pick kotol asap, and giff mana to your russian teamates!
game-hours: 2678.3
review: > Game is hard.
game-hours: 368.7
review: This game has given me sleepless nights. I tend to play a hero and learn about its skills and practice on how to master the appropriate strategy. Sometimes I fail because I let my guard down but it is still part of the game. The online concept of Dota 2 is better since I get a chance to play with everybody. The All Hero Challenge is the best feature I think since I have to play all characters to complete the cycle. Please fix all bugs on this challenge so we may be able to proceed and enjoy the game.
game-hours: 605.1
review: i have more than 500+ hours of playing in my previous account and now I current have 100+ hours playing in this account. Definitely a great game. The community is one of the best, if not the best. :)
game-hours: 2612.4
review: install this and your life will never be the same
game-hours: 979.2
review: this is the best game i played till now.
game-hours: 579.0
review: yeah
game-hours: 686.3
review: Best MOBA
game-hours: 42.5
review: Good
game-hours: 3183.7
review: ya
game-hours: 1796.2
review: !  !
game-hours: 1422.7
review: tralalalala
game-hours: 73.8
review: Better Then Lol xD :p Gr8 game
game-hours: 2121.4
review: awesome very addictive
game-hours: 1849.7
review: This game is ing awesome
game-hours: 1065.0
review: Boom
game-hours: 590.4
review: good
game-hours: 445.0
review: Classic, Timeless and Evolving through the years.
game-hours: 486.2
review: Amazing Game :) Addictive
game-hours: 1584.5
review: 352545
game-hours: 3633.8
review: I guess it's alright, played only 3k hours but, meh.
game-hours: 2656.3
review: good game
game-hours: 1596.7
review: all about kill...xixixixi
game-hours: 3163.4
review: Addictive game! Just play moderately
game-hours: 1655.8
review: Best game for gamers
game-hours: 1173.3
review: Quite possibly the best game I have ever played. Definitely a must. Also, so much better than League of Legeds.This is for the OG's. Original Gamers. ;D
game-hours: 696.8
review: awesome
game-hours: 1488.0
review: this game is so cool ^_______^
game-hours: 314.4
review: NICEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE@
game-hours: 649.6
review: The Best Game In world . i can only say it . Dota 2 Is Best Game :X
game-hours: 257.2
review: cool
game-hours: 340.8
review: mehmeh
game-hours: 1897.7
review: sdsaddsasadsadsadsadsad
game-hours: 707.9
review: gg
game-hours: 1085.2
review: Mantab Anjing :D
game-hours: 1018.9
review: Very nice game
game-hours: 363.3
review: Good !
game-hours: 519.3
review: i love dota 2 great games
game-hours: 68.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 1067.7
review: GIEF ME MANA
game-hours: 1627.8
review: good game
game-hours: 463.2
review: Hello League players this mlg pro legit 34758 no scerp is just what you need to learn how to play dues ex with this game i learnt how to expeke my backdoor and drink mountain with my .
game-hours: 68.6
review: NICE~~~<3
game-hours: 0.3
review: very good game. ill play it agen
game-hours: 2941.7
review: Hahahaha :D
game-hours: 22.8
review: like this
game-hours: 597.3
review: GOOD GAME...
game-hours: 1423.7
review: Best Russian simulator out there!
game-hours: 13.0
review: Fun game. I'm just terrible at it lol.
game-hours: 1268.1
review: good for killin time
game-hours: 1629.3
review: es del  madre
game-hours: 2501.7
review: this game will make u fun and happy
game-hours: 2748.7
review: jnkbxyfzz buhf
game-hours: 677.2
review: sss
game-hours: 799.6
review: best game i've ever played by far!
game-hours: 1005.9
review: asd
game-hours: 169.8
review: I thought League Of Legends was fun but dota 2 a whole new game.I really enjoyed it. :)
game-hours: 4247.5
review: cool game
game-hours: 359.2
review: Good .
game-hours: 0.8
review: Awesome!!
game-hours: 1090.9
review: Beautiful :D
game-hours: 1141.2
review: IRON MAN
game-hours: 1119.3
review: PREA MARFA JOCUL
game-hours: 767.3
review: Despite the unforgiving community, the steep learning curve and the amount of time needed to start to know what you're doing, it's probably the best and most addictive online game out there. Try it with an open mind and you'll be surprised...
game-hours: 1491.7
review: made me russian . 11/10
game-hours: 380.6
review: GG
game-hours: 2902.4
review: Been a long standing dota 1 player from past 8 years and i must say valve did amazing job in making the dota 2,The transition for dota 1 players to dota 2 isn't that hard and Dota 2 just got better without losing any amazing elements of the original dota kudos valve.
game-hours: 1674.3
review: AWESOME
game-hours: 1037.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 2306.2
review: Awesome! :D
game-hours: 54.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 172.4
review: I have learned some cool language in Dota 2 , such as  and bobo . Kappa .
game-hours: 571.4
review: its good
game-hours: 1028.5
review: The best MOBA just got a better sequel. Recommended for everyone who has ever tried and liked MOBA's.
game-hours: 783.4
review: .  ,    .
game-hours: 3903.3
review: <3 dota
game-hours: 1030.8
review: s
game-hours: 2250.7
review: best game ever .
game-hours: 48.2
review: Good dame so far, seems promising.. Way better than League of Legends, nice interface. Although the game should have its own ingame money so we can buy skins/items. I'm a newb so far. I'll keep it posted. :)
game-hours: 1065.9
review: Awesome! ;)
game-hours: 3977.0
review: wooh
game-hours: 575.7
review: fun except the freakin' bugs >..<
game-hours: 893.1
review: Feel like committing suicide some time soon?, Speak a strong russian accent?, Like to be very bad at games and then blame it on other people?, Or perhaps you just like to play games and troll people untill they commit suicide themselves. Well if so, this is your game.
game-hours: 109.8
review: If you like dota you will like this
game-hours: 1427.4
review: awesome game . lot of fun
game-hours: 2146.6
review: Best MODA/RTS you will ever play.
game-hours: 1999.3
review: asses on fire
game-hours: 4777.2
review: Best Game EVER!!
game-hours: 0.3
review: its whatevs
game-hours: 21.3
review: it's like CRACK!
game-hours: 771.6
review: I cant stop playing it!
game-hours: 240.1
review: Muito bom! Bem mais divertido que LoL!
game-hours: 619.0
review: epic game :D
game-hours: 307.0
review: Made the switch from LoL, never went back. Tons of fun, just play it.
game-hours: 835.3
review: One of the most fun games to play with some friends, choose your favourite hero and smash some skulls!
game-hours: 2258.0
review: Best game ever. Enjoy it!
game-hours: 1735.2
review: o
game-hours: 1074.9
review: FUN
game-hours: 1466.5
review: best game i ever played
game-hours: 2536.0
review: It's rly cool realisation of Dota 1
game-hours: 2089.9
review: Eat trees, kill stuff, win 10/10 would waste my life again
game-hours: 230.8
review: sad
game-hours: 64.5
review: good game
game-hours: 668.2
review: GG Nice Tq
game-hours: 1415.7
review: Do not play this. Worst game ever. If you're going to play anyway, make sure to mute everyone from the start (even you).
game-hours: 1297.5
review: Amazing game, extremely adictive. It's hard and rough to start to play and learn but once you get the basics you will get a ton of fun.
game-hours: 3827.5
review: ggwp
game-hours: 804.6
review: Good game.. :D
game-hours: 2941.0
review: AMAZING!!! YOU MUST PLAY IT!!!
game-hours: 3123.9
review: Nice game,and free :)
game-hours: 2640.5
review: I play dota since 2006 and now i have some years of service in dota2, dota 2 is a good game to play , best game to play with your friends, you have everything you need, team fights , 1v1 fights , items, more powerfull items made from the weak ones, and so on. I recommended this game to all my friends
game-hours: 94.9
review: nc game
game-hours: 719.2
review: it's good
game-hours: 859.0
review: Great game to play whenever your bored :)
game-hours: 500.5
review: Very good game but steam account is not so reliable.
game-hours: 1058.4
review: It's a fun game that, even thought its sorta hard it's a good game.
game-hours: 2981.5
review: Nice game :D
game-hours: 1787.4
review: ..................................................
game-hours: 1.9
review: Gtfo lol is more fun ( i am ready 4 the hate) And Dota Is 2Spooky4me
game-hours: 784.0
review: wp
game-hours: 1236.4
review: THIS GAME IS AWESOME, IT'S FREE TO PLAY !
game-hours: 830.1
review: My absolute favorite game of all time.Recommended to everybody.
game-hours: 4091.6
review: <3
game-hours: 1018.3
review: Mannaan is the worst dota player ever. he is a   a, he will marry a fat hairy FOB. a still trippin on cookies.  that punk   uh
game-hours: 2851.7
review: yes
game-hours: 298.2
review: You get to communicate with highly intelligent russian people and learn all their swear words in less than an hour. 11/10
game-hours: 1425.4
review: Outstanding game that addicting it's player. Like my own brand of heroin.
game-hours: 230.8
review: Normally I would reccomend this game as I have played it for a long time. However it is now simply unplayable. Screen constantly freezes and crashes even when using a high end pc and updated drivers. I have researched how to fix this problem and I have literally tried everything and nothing helps. A lot of people experience this problem online and the Valve tech support is nonexistent and useless. For more than a year I tried to give this game a chance as I used to love playing it, but with lack of consideration towards a great number players including myself I feel it is a waste of money and time until it is fixed. Here is a link to my thread and another related to this issue on the developer page. Please Valve pay attention to your players and actually fix your product.
game-hours: 4.9
review: 7/10 - Game and community are great. If you are a newbie, play against bots. Commmunity isn't noob friendly :( It became a huge turn off for me. The learning curve, compared to LoL, is steep and you'll be spending a lot of time learning the many champions in the game as well as game dynamics. Give it a shot, you may end up enjoying it!
game-hours: 1.9
review: me I never knew there were these many Russians in the world.
game-hours: 672.9
review: This game is fantastic, I mean I play this game almost everyday I have had this game for a month and already have 274 hours in it. and my friends have even more. I liked how this isn't a pay to win game, you can get items to make your person look better or cooler. But the items don't have any benifet so everyone can play the same people at anytime, and dota 2 is a fair fight. In short I love Dota 2
game-hours: 11.0
review: Amazing RTS, but needs character customization really badly, though new single or double lane maps would be kewl too.
game-hours: 266.7
review: cool game b*tchez
game-hours: 772.8
review: .
game-hours: 4497.2
review: Doto is the best
game-hours: 2264.2
review: This is the best game made in some time. It will take you a lot of time to get good, and it's difficult, but damnit, is it good.
game-hours: 3141.0
review: Cancer game. ruined my life. best way to learn tagalog and russians. mit or feet, noob mid no gank, zero ward  you noob support,  ina mo gago, ako mid, . This game has made me racist towards those who speak any language other than english. 10/10
game-hours: 2873.9
review: This game is good because of what happens.
game-hours: 465.7
review: Dota is my life
game-hours: 169.5
review: yes its nice and fun to play... amazing graphics :-D
game-hours: 839.3
review: Nice Graphics and Gameplay
game-hours: 20.7
review: omgawd
game-hours: 1320.8
review: You can battle Satan as an Australian-accented porcupine. 10/10 would even
game-hours: 970.6
review: weqweqweqweq
game-hours: 1610.4
review: Best game ever in world
game-hours: 4.8
review: The best MOBA game on market right now.
game-hours: 3820.0
review: Write a Review To complete my Badges :D
game-hours: 6.5
review: Only good if you enjoy third person view games like me, others think it sucks. Watch the trailer if you are not sure what think about it. I recommend it for only the best gamers
game-hours: 826.5
review: ;olsadi [poqewm; yasidp
game-hours: 1815.9
review: best game ever played.
game-hours: 603.3
review: You'll be good at anything :3
game-hours: 115.7
review: haha i just find it funny and enjoy game :)
game-hours: 654.8
review: Best game .............................................................................................................
game-hours: 531.7
review: Will make you develop an Extreme prejudice towards the majority of non english speaking countries. 11/10 would be racist again
game-hours: 1349.6
review: Man~~i just love this game :)
game-hours: 1266.8
review: Amazing! It challenges your skill in thinking what to do, what to build. Simply saying its awesome!
game-hours: 111.9
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 3611.9
review: awesome
game-hours: 405.4
review: this game very good, buy it
game-hours: 832.0
review: Legend
game-hours: 2061.8
review: dont play, if you dont want to devote your life to this beautidul game.
game-hours: 816.8
review: nice
game-hours: 1411.5
review: Yes. Please play this game its much fun specialy with your friends
game-hours: 1119.4
review: After weeks and weeks of playing this game i discovered a lot of new friends and what this game is all about, why it was created.. and now i understand that people who are playing this game just not play like some ordinary video game.. but they play this game with passion..
game-hours: 711.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 1068.7
review: Hellow im need your help how to cancel in alert steam support
game-hours: 1066.8
review: Thrill
game-hours: 1277.0
review: Don't start to play it, you'll never stop.
game-hours: 719.6
review: )
game-hours: 560.1
review: Its gud ya
game-hours: 196.9
review: I would greatly recommend this game to anyone who had recently played a similar game to Dota2 like League of Legends, Heroes of Newerth, Smite
game-hours: 272.1
review: Great game!
game-hours: 2240.8
review: Super happy fun time.
game-hours: 1218.1
review: Nice game
game-hours: 728.2
review: best game seen <3
game-hours: 1654.9
review: kill time with ability draft
game-hours: 716.5
review: Awesome
game-hours: 2319.5
review: good
game-hours: 774.6
review: Wanna play this well say goodbye to reality, You will never leave the computer. ITS FREE SO WHY NOT PLAY THIS AWSOME GAME. GOODBYE GOTTA PLAY SOME MORE
game-hours: 766.4
review: Dota 2 is a MOBA that stays true to the original used map settings game from World Craft 3, but with a lot more polish. This game is very well produced with content that is constantly updating to keep the players entertained. No other MOBA game is worth your time.
game-hours: 1084.8
review: Good !
game-hours: 1700.4
review: The Good Game
game-hours: 1772.8
review: ???
game-hours: 2336.8
review: The most addictive game I've ever played in my life. The infinite possibilities of every single game, depending on very minute decisions juxtaposes it so much to our real lives. Although the learning curve is too steep, once you give about a week for it, the mechanisms in the game are clear to you. Definitely recommended.
game-hours: 1203.4
review: best
game-hours: 992.7
review: this is a best game i have played :)
game-hours: 631.9
review: The Best Game Ever!
game-hours: 2338.3
review: i like this
game-hours: 654.6
review: GGWP
game-hours: 1600.4
review: hn
game-hours: 2292.4
review: best game to enjoy !
game-hours: 750.0
review: DotA 2: murder an ancient dragon who was just chillin in his lair, and steal his cheese! Kill russians on every server, from US West to Australia! Feel good about yourself for five seconds when you win, before raging just half an hour later! Free to play now! (with only the added cost of your life and sanity) Rated all ages for: Friendly Fire. A really, really bad community Animal cruelty
game-hours: 6.1
review: I am a professional dota 2 player with 6000 MMR. I am the best Brewmaster in NA. In season 3 I was ranked as the best Teemo player in Brazil. I highly reccommend Dota 2 however do not play unless you main Brewmaster or Invoker. All the other heros suck! I dont even know why they are in the game! If you happen to main Urgot please uninstall.
game-hours: 957.4
review: Nice game !
game-hours: 2457.7
review: Feeders, feeders everywhere...
game-hours: 1260.2
review: its so goooooooood! i want keys :3
game-hours: 1099.5
review: cool
game-hours: 3448.4
review: It's like DotA but 2
game-hours: 761.8
review: This game is wonderful and i love to play dota 2 :). I prefer if every of my friend can start playing dota 2 because online games are very amazing.
game-hours: 2453.4
review: So, with nearly 1200 hours on record, I feel like I should share my thoughts. First and foremost, this game will make your family love you less. Your mom, significant other, child, pet etc will need you for something and your response will be, "I can't pause this". You will be accused of putting video games before loved ones because they don't understand that if you retreat to the fountain to kiss your kid goodnight, all of your Russian teammates will yell at and report you. They'll treat you so badly for having a family that the whole match will be ruined and you'll start to hate DOTA. Your family cannot understand that. At its core, DOTA is a team game made up of three kinds of people. People that want to play as a team, Peruvians and Russians. The server you select has no bearing on which of these types you will meet. If you play Captain's Mode or Captain's Draft, you typically avoid the latter two types, but the game is very competitive and unfriendly for new players. Basically, you have to learn to play with idiots. You'll turn into a racist, you'll yell at someone in a language they don't understand, you'll be blamed when your  teammate runs into a 1v5 fight and loses because you should've been there. Eventually, you will become comfortable with a few characters and decide to explore Ranked games or Captain's Mode. You'll be paired with people that speak your language. Games, tactics, and plans will come together. You'll make friends. You'll start to queue together on a nightly basis. You'll form a team. You won't be great, but you'll have fun.... tons of fun. As long as you didn't need that family we talked about earlier. DOTA 2 is an emotional roller coaster that will transform you into a racist and require Zoloft. 10/10
game-hours: 1423.7
review: RealLife Story
game-hours: 545.5
review: how do i walk
game-hours: 1428.4
review: ate a tree as a tree 11/12
game-hours: 998.3
review: I enjoyed most of the time playing the game, but most people play it for being competative, where as I just try to play it for fun. I would personaly recomend it. The only annoying part would be people from foriegn countries for some reason decide to connect to your area server. Ex: russian connecting to U.S. Server or a person who decides that they want to connect to a server halfway across the world. Though I like it when there is a coopertive team who are there just to have fun.
game-hours: 1780.8
review: amazing
game-hours: 1300.9
review: Very addictive game. But I would say this though, the Dota 2 community is getting worse from time to time. More abuse player on Dota 2. Talking trash, do trash, keep feeding and stuff like that. It's kinda annoying. But this game 10 out of 10 !! Best game ever !! :D
game-hours: 1545.0
review: gg
game-hours: 1244.5
review: I like it because it look classics
game-hours: 2368.8
review: Addictive
game-hours: 29.1
review: Played it for 20 hours, I just got my first angry russian guy saying  11/10 would go io again
game-hours: 1261.1
review: Just SWAG.
game-hours: 1794.2
review: Most people on steam have probably heard the name of this game countless times now. So let me give you a short and simple review on it. Get it. Now that that's out of the way try and use the tips I am about to give you so you can get he best possible experience that this game has to offer. Dota 2 has a steep learning curve meaning you can't just jump in there and expect to know what you are doing. When you first launch the game as of recently you are taught how to play through the tutorial the game has to offer. Actually pay attention to this or it will bite you in the  when you are actually playing. Once you get that over with you're probably going to say to yourself "Ok I think I get what I am doing, let me play online matchmaking" Here's one simple answer for you; NO. Dota 2 requires a team effort, and what I mean by a team effort is that if 1 person does something it will affect the team. If 1 person does bad, the team will take the toll of that 1 person. So if you are going straight into matchmaking with almost no experience, you are most likely going to die a lot, get yelled at, close the game, and never come back. Trust me I should know because that was my first experience with Dota 2. Now what I do recommend you do is either practice by yourself or with friends in an offline bot match. That way if you do bad you don't feel bad for perhaps costing the team the game. Not only is this better, as you keep playing you will learn more and more about the game. Try and find someone that is experienced to help you understand the game and help you progress in skill for it. Once you feel that you are more knowledgeable about the game you can go ahead and do perhaps coop bot and then onto the traditional matchmaking where it is 5v5 team fights. Dota 2 is one my favorite games to date. The fact that I have this gem another chance makes me lucky. Try to follow the tips I provided in this recommendation and I guarantee you that you will not be dissappointed with Dota 2.
game-hours: 2127.8
review: THIS A GOOD GAME
game-hours: 3884.5
review: Good Game :D
game-hours: 333.8
review: sfsfsdfsfsdfdsf
game-hours: 849.8
review: Epic Nice Game
game-hours: 15.5
review: AWesome Moba GAme
game-hours: 1445.5
review: Awesome game....!
game-hours: 1052.9
review: .
game-hours: 1188.7
review: Good game Ever
game-hours: 171.3
review: very good game
game-hours: 1260.7
review: yes
game-hours: 8.4
review: Great game, good community. Recommend to any MOBA fan.
game-hours: 1667.2
review: So fun
game-hours: 1703.1
review: Entertaining and FUN!
game-hours: 230.4
review: download it
game-hours: 98.7
review: Dota ftw
game-hours: 453.9
review: If you are good in a team this is for you, if you've got a solo mentality go play something else.
game-hours: 1602.7
review: Addictive .... Very Very Addictive Game .. CAREFULL u have been warned !
game-hours: 996.6
review: can't wait for the all heroes to come out ^_^
game-hours: 2738.1
review: if you want to get flamed by some kid and teach you how to play by a feeder who's constantly asking for mid lane. have fun playin! because i did.
game-hours: 196.2
review: recomended game
game-hours: 612.0
review: can i know whats the problem im facing? its like im always dc from all the matches
game-hours: 698.8
review: this game is awsome
game-hours: 1147.2
review: Dota 2 la cb jan liao
game-hours: 1219.0
review: good game!!!!!
game-hours: 1802.6
review: from warcraft 3 dota to steam dota 2, about 10years i have been playing dota...I just never quit this game!
game-hours: 1651.4
review: BEST BRO (Y)
game-hours: 512.1
review: so good
game-hours: 2622.6
review: KOTOL, giff me mana !!!
game-hours: 7456.2
review: good game keep it up valve <3
game-hours: 2224.6
review: BEST DOTO!
game-hours: 238.9
review: cool. :)
game-hours: 823.8
review: An evolution of the Defense of the Ancients (a spin off from Warcraft 3). It has the signiture and feel of its predicesor with a much added kick in graphics and almost everything else. The game tries its best to branch out from its older version and I must say, it is succeding with every step it makes. The biggest thing though which separates it greatly from the the old DOTA is the market place and the punishment system, which punishes players for leaving the game unfinished and for being rude to other players. It is this system which separates and cements this game into something of a higher level. The only downside is that you need a gaming computer with high end specs in order to enjoy the game 100 percent. While most first world country won't have any problems with this, players living in third world countries might have an unfair disadvantage when playing online. Overall, the game raises the bar for other games out there in this genre.
game-hours: 3054.3
review: :)
game-hours: 1078.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 804.2
review: <3.<3
game-hours: 989.5
review: it's a nice game.
game-hours: 2016.1
review: Best dota remake ever, and the best MOBA to date ! for hardcore players!!! If you like light, slow paced MOBA i suggest playing LOL
game-hours: 1434.9
review: sds
game-hours: 1228.0
review: apiir!! *_*
game-hours: 5074.2
review: WAITING FOR OTHER PLAYERS. 9/10 Ready
game-hours: 1747.6
review: :)))
game-hours: 895.4
review: nice
game-hours: 2262.3
review: nice
game-hours: 3209.5
review: Exelente juego, tanto o mas q el dota original!
game-hours: 724.4
review: great game
game-hours: 3922.8
review: super mega strong game !!!
game-hours: 2352.7
review: Best Game!
game-hours: 2.5
review: Fun Game !
game-hours: 2095.2
review: <3
game-hours: 4266.7
review: This game will ruin your life because it's so damn good. God damn it.
game-hours: 1121.7
review: Great MOBA game. I suggest to everyone
game-hours: 2145.5
review: Great tool for learning russian language.
game-hours: 2398.6
review: sure you will be addicted!
game-hours: 860.3
review: how to buy item??
game-hours: 1504.1
review: show me what u got
game-hours: 610.8
review: hel yeah!
game-hours: 511.3
review: a very great game, with good community.
game-hours: 965.7
review: very nice game!
game-hours: 400.2
review: dis game suks
game-hours: 286.6
review: WEWS
game-hours: 734.3
review: The Strategy is Unique and something u need to Experience once in your life
game-hours: 1073.5
review: Pain. Horrible horrible pain.
game-hours: 92.0
review: you play very nice
game-hours: 974.9
review: glad to play this game we can learn much for our life
game-hours: 773.1
review: Great Game Ever !!
game-hours: 682.1
review: nice
game-hours: 2.4
review: nice biirikhte
game-hours: 2418.9
review: Lost my time, lost my life, yelled at friends and got angry Ruined my sleeping pattern Spent money on sets #swag right? 4/10 would do again! GG
game-hours: 114.9
review: A classic for all MOBA lovers also the DotA is the mother of all other MOBAs
game-hours: 114.9
review: A classic for all MOBA lovers also the DotA is the mother of all other MOBAs
game-hours: 757.2
review: because its doto
game-hours: 1266.2
review: yes
game-hours: 1146.6
review: It is an excellent game.
game-hours: 444.6
review: the best game!!
game-hours: 489.3
review: Very good game
game-hours: 1141.2
review: AWESOME Game Can Spend Hours Plaing it at end.......nice Graphics.......One of my all time favourites
game-hours: 723.9
review: Dota2 is best game ;)
game-hours: 1716.0
review: The best game EVER !!!
game-hours: 2977.3
review: This game will consume your life. If you have priorities or dreams or goals, stay far away.
game-hours: 1058.8
review: hi
game-hours: 897.5
review: I can teach if you are willing to learn. It's an epic MOBA. I played DotA on warcraft 3 for around 4 years & loved it
game-hours: 498.8
review: like it
game-hours: 4141.3
review: i love playing dota2 so much..i make me know other player also.even i just a beginner but i wish to go far in this game
game-hours: 359.1
review: great game. moderm classic! rock on!
game-hours: 493.4
review: This game is amazing. It's like crack, but more addictive. The honest truth is that like many MOBA's it takes a little getting used to. If you play bots, or have a friend that will help you through the learning phase, its learning curve isn't that bad. I recommend this to anyone who likes having one game that makes them unreasonably happy, and the very next game makes them suicidal. 10/10 I will play this til they make DotA 3.
game-hours: 9.7
review: Cool game.
game-hours: 288.7
review: tactical and fun game
game-hours: 674.3
review: love this game
game-hours: 903.6
review: Have you ever been a relationship you're so happy you're a part of it? Then come to Dota, here in Dota we encourage: Blaming, swearing, hating people of other cultures. The best way to find out how far is too far with your girlfriend.
game-hours: 92.1
review: DOTA > LOL
game-hours: 268.0
review: Dota 2 can be tough to get into depending on personal play style, which heroes you start off trying -- took me about a week to find my primary due to the boatloads of heroes available -- and the skill of those you get paired with when you're not playing with friends. It is so very worth it, though. When you're playing a hero you're comfortable with alongside a few good allies even a loss can be exhilaratingly fun as you force your enemy to earn their victory. And of course winning certainly isn't half bad, either. While the nuances of the heroes and whom plays best against whom and where may take a while to sort out, however, the base game is simple to learn. --Runs great even on a laptop. --All heroes playable from the start with new ones added all the time. --Multiple game types provide variety. Tired of the standard "all pick"? Try randomly assigned heroes. Or give "least played" mode a whirl and watch the mayhem play out as you and nine other people all try to play heroes that you don't have the first clue how to use. Prepare to see lots of "oops" and "oh, so THAT's what that does". And "sorry". So, so much "sorry". --Great graphics (especially for the genre). --Music, sound effects and voices get high marks. --Paid items have no effect on gameplay beyond the purely cosmetic. --Pretty much anything that you can buy can be earned for free (at random) from simply playing the game or can be trade for with other players. --Custom huds and announcers can be bought, randomly received after games or traded for to tailor the look and sound of your game to your tastes. What's more, they're shared during matches; If one person in the match owns a given hud or announcer then EVERY person in the match will have access to it for that game. It's not unusual to see nearly a dozen available during a game. --Special holiday game types are always a lot of fun and the developers aren't afraid to really shake things up for them, even adding new ingame items and altering hero abilities. Of course standard matches are still available during these times. --Updates, while very frequent, are usually so small that they rarely take longer than five minutes at most to complete.
game-hours: 1212.8
review: Fun game to play
game-hours: 1496.6
review: Recommended if you like LoL, or if you like MOBA. Great game by Valve. 80% good community (south americans are the worst). Nice trade system, where you can customize your hero AS YOU WANT for free (trade items for items) or you can always buy with real money your favorite sets (though they are expensive usually)
game-hours: 368.2
review: One of the most widely played games worldwide. Awesome improvement on DotA 1
game-hours: 0.8
review: Nice Game Very Nice Game :D
game-hours: 723.6
review: very nice game ever played :)
game-hours: 3295.5
review: imba ayam
game-hours: 6253.4
review: Play it becuase it is awesome :D You get all heroes for free = bonus (not like rubbish League of Legends) You can find all cosmetics in game = bonus (not like rubbish League of Legends) Good graphics = bonus (not like rubbish League of Legends) Easy to pick up (besides items) = bonus (not like rubbish League of Legends) Will be F2P = bonus (not like rubbish League of Legends... wait a minute) So get it, when it comes out
game-hours: 777.7
review: cool
game-hours: 2480.7
review: An awesome game for people who like competitive MOBA's. Takes time to learn, but it gives a lot of enjoyable times.
game-hours: 862.6
review: good game
game-hours: 5763.0
review: 21121
game-hours: 118.3
review: Great online game
game-hours: 1837.2
review: Really amazing game. I recommend it :3
game-hours: 677.5
review: greatgame
game-hours: 1038.3
review: good game. thanks valve for the linux compatibility
game-hours: 2962.6
review: Great game
game-hours: 538.6
review: The objective of the game is to pick Nature's Prophet and end the match with the highest gold per minute. If you've done that, you win every time. All hail the quota. Bestgameever
game-hours: 342.5
review: bet hu3 game ever!
game-hours: 49.5
review: nice
game-hours: 2247.3
review: Might be the game of the century. thumbs up.
game-hours: 1713.4
review: i love this game very much
game-hours: 1483.8
review: A very good strategy game
game-hours: 329.4
review: really nice game!
game-hours: 515.2
review: nice
game-hours: 1792.7
review: <3
game-hours: 1935.8
review: I love dota
game-hours: 1375.1
review: yes this game is really nice :) <3
game-hours: 492.5
review: A very good game, excellent graphics.
game-hours: 2319.6
review: DOTA 2 was my first introduction to the MOBA genre and I have to say it can be very addicting. Games like Starcraft scared me away from 4X RTS games because of the level of micro-management it requiremed, so I was a bit hesitant to play this game. DOTA 2 however has little to no micro-management depending on the heroes you choose. It provides a wide variety of different play styles for different player preferences. Later I heard about Heroes of Newerth and League of Legends, so I thought I'd try them out. I played a couple games of LOL and knew that it just didn't provide the depth of gameplay I got playing DOTA 2. I quickly uninstalled it. Heroes of Newerth provides the same depth I would say, but the experience just didn't feel as smooth as DOTA 2. Maybe it had something to do with the pacing of the game. After uninstalling HoN, I've never looked back. DOTA 2 is here to stay. I highly recommend playing this game. It's quite fun if you spend a little time to get into it. My advice is to take it slow, learn how to play, and expect to fail a lot in the beginning. Remember, you can't get better at DOTA 2, you can only suck less.
game-hours: 4.6
review: This is an excellent game for those with sleep issues. Just get yourself all cozy, play a game of Dota 2 and you'll fall asleep before you know it! Highly recommended!
game-hours: 117.2
review: Best game ever! :)
game-hours: 234.7
review: best game ever :D
game-hours: 44.3
review: game is good, but steam servers now have a lot of issues
game-hours: 1614.4
review: Awesome game, way better than LoL and HoN, this the original
game-hours: 1327.6
review: Kind of like League of Legends but with more people calling me a  at the end game
game-hours: 3664.5
review: 10/10 ruined my life
game-hours: 1206.7
review: supah nice!
game-hours: 906.7
review: Very good game. Very Casual.
game-hours: 62.8
review: nice
game-hours: 238.9
review: One Of the best Moba games in the world. And LoL ist for noobs !!
game-hours: 1070.9
review: dota 2 is great game
game-hours: 2116.1
review: Nice game
game-hours: 444.7
review: if u faec me.. u die
game-hours: 1489.6
review: Great game, definitely recommend it to people that enjoyed playing dota 1. The transition is quite easy and the ability to customize in the market makes it very worth while.
game-hours: 1219.4
review: gg.
game-hours: 1178.7
review: pro
game-hours: 264.7
review: Love the game
game-hours: 997.6
review: freakin awesome!
game-hours: 997.6
review: freakin awesome!
game-hours: 1625.4
review: asdasd
game-hours: 2.7
review: Cool.
game-hours: 3953.8
review: this game nice to play together with friend
game-hours: 2605.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 2084.5
review: Best courier simulator ever .
game-hours: 993.7
review: this game is madness,its happening so start downloading it for new users.
game-hours: 271.8
review: nice :D
game-hours: 694.6
review: what?
game-hours: 263.6
review: Such battle, very feed. plz get Doetah 2.
game-hours: 4099.5
review: The best of!
game-hours: 24.2
review: Why do i have 22 hours on this
game-hours: 630.8
review: This game, well it is more than that, most people play game to have fun. But DOTA is more than that, it is an expierence, momments get insanly tense and make you want to scream in rage, or they will make you so happy you want to jump through the screen and hug that other players. DOTA leads to the most hilaries and rage inducing expierences you will have.
game-hours: 1017.8
review: I like moba/arts/dota-like games. Please send help tia.
game-hours: 238.2
review: its my favourite and the best moba game.i love it
game-hours: 1745.5
review: yeah
game-hours: 1667.6
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 1575.8
review: wew
game-hours: 2979.1
review: hard game
game-hours: 228.4
review: A little challenging for a non-strategic gamer, but fun to play overall.
game-hours: 1963.2
review: the best game in the ing world!
game-hours: 2586.2
review: gG
game-hours: 1451.6
review: Its really a awesome game! Never expect to get addicted!
game-hours: 581.3
review: nice games
game-hours: 663.3
review: I was kind of skeptical at first cuz the game was free, but I am so glad I downloaded it! It is one of the most addictive games I play! I give this game a 10 out of 10! Cheers
game-hours: 2350.5
review: A new perception of dota would be an infinit posibility of outcome. Play the game and never end.
game-hours: 912.7
review: Awesome Game been playing it for a long time, you definitely HAVE to get it :)
game-hours: 755.0
review: Fun and nice to play.
game-hours: 69.8
review: Gawd this game :)
game-hours: 472.1
review: This game is fan-tas-tick.
game-hours: 146.3
review: awesome game, excellent graphics and gameplay. Tricky to learn at first but more in depth than LOL. high class game would reccomend for anyone who enjoys real time strategy.
game-hours: 1521.2
review: A complex game that features many heroes for all play styles. This game relies on heavy teamwork and has a skill curve. If you manage to survive the curve you'll find an addicting game with an improving community.
game-hours: 23.1
review: Awesome Games! Everyone should Atleast try it!
game-hours: 5680.0
review: Best Game
game-hours: 885.3
review: One of the best games off Steam and Valve. Takes mental and physical abilities to succeed, but once you get the hang of it, the game is really fun. Just remember to not feed the other team.
game-hours: 780.8
review: This game is fun, tactical and addictive. 8/10
game-hours: 803.2
review: Wow Much MOBA Many player So free Wow
game-hours: 753.1
review: Best F2P game on the market
game-hours: 2001.5
review: best game ever!!!
game-hours: 2219.7
review: What point is there in recommending a free to play game? An interested reader can now simply download the game and dispense with the opinions of stranger. Of course, Dota 2 is not the only game that is free to play, and the genre is rather notorious for its steep learning curve, so this recommendation is intended to answer a a slightly different question: is it worth the time? Largely, yes, but maybe it's better to consider some of the features that might turn the curious player into a fan of the game or not. The process of learning can be rewarding in and of itself. Valve has put a lot of work into breaking down the learning curve into managable pieces, though it is by no means complete. Perhaps the best analogy is with chess: The tutorials and bots will teach you the mechanics of the game, but this only accounts for a very small part of what we generally consider 'knowing chess/Dota'. Of course, much like in Chess, the community has provided guidance and past games to study and consider on the path to mastery. Furthermore, in the relatively brief period of time I have played the game, there have been substantial changes to heroes and the map itself, meaning that the game continues to provide rewards for thinking on your feet instead of rote memorization. This is not to say that certain 'core builds' are irrelevant (they're important, and you can set them up as presets in the game itself or simply use someone else's), only that there are great rewards to be found in understanding *why* those builds are important. For what it is worth, I have found the guides produced by Purge to be a great introduction to thinking about the game, and his conduct during games (usually) serves as a model that the community would do well to follow. Which brings me to the first major stumbling point of Dota. Despite tremendous efforts on Valve's part to keep the toxic elements of the Dota community to a minimum: you will play with extremely unpleasant people who will not make the game fun. There are number of ways this can happen. People can simply have terrible attitudes and do their best to make you feel awful. Put them on mute immediately. But once you get past the initial stages of learning, you'll develop a certain sophistication for play style. I cannot think of a game that has teamwork as a more essential component to it. Games played with strangers are not assured to have the expected level of cohesion and, at low skill levels such as mine, the chances of the mythical 'ideal game of Dota' are vanishingly small. The problem is that this is simply not a matter of 'other people.' You will ruin games for people through not being prepared, or having an off day. You may also find yourself becoming short tempered, or hostile to your teammates due to the frustration of the game. It is uncomfortable to admit how many chat messages have been started in anger, only to be shortly abandoned after a moment's reflection. This could explain the challenge of the Dota community's attitude, but, whatever the causes, it is a factor that an aspiring player will need to deal with. There will be a point where the bots cease to be fun to play against. At that point you will begin playing with people. At that point you will have lots of bad games for reasons of attitude, team composition, or all of the above. *BUT* the games that are good pay off so much more than all those challenges combined and magnified. Even in the dregs of pub games, to hit that magical team that just clicks without needing to be told the basics, or doesn't go for selfish picks in hero selection, is an absolute joy that anyone should get to experience at least once before throwing in the towel. There are incremental rewards as well: being able to view some of your old replays and see how far you've come. Supporting so well that weak carry was still able to snowball and win. Even the realization that, by instinct, you made a tactical decision that meant the difference between an escape or a death, all these things put a little wind in the sails and motivate continued time in the game. Finally, being a Dota player has opened me up into new avenues of entertainment that I simply didn't appreciate before. With events such as The International I can see this game played at the highest skill levels. I finally have a toe hold into being able to appreciate the interest in eSports. More importantly, as a player of the game, I can appreicate the skill in those games to a much greater degree than any other spectator sport. Despite the vast gulf of knowledge and talent between myself (and most players) and professionals, I feel like playing Dota gives me a better understanding of the decisions and plays that are being made in high skilled games, than a better knowledge of skating or puck handling would give me of a professional hockey game. The dynamics of the skill levels are entirely different, but Dota 2 will always have the same mechanics for everyone and the same map, meaning you have the exact same resources (human capital aside) at your disposal as the pros do. In essence, this is only a game I could recommend to someone who was willing to put in the time, tough out the hard times (and there will be hard times. I write this during a time where I'm particularily frustrated with the game and partly to answer the question why I bother for *myself*), and who genuinely finds enjoyment in the process of learning. There is absolutely no shame in not wanting to take up a game that asks this kind of commitment, and the claims of how 'hardcore' a gamer is usually boil down to an individual trying to assert their preferences over the greater population. If you don't have the time, if you don't feel particularily thick skinned, if you don't like the idea of 'working' at a game, then I do not recommend Dota 2. But for those who find value in the journey, fire up the download and start playing.
game-hours: 547.5
review: Dota 2 is a low pace MOBAs at the beginning of the game, and progresses on to a faster pace haveing you know that you can get killed by a riki at anytime. There are many charaters of dota 2. Over 75 acutally, then these 75 are split into three groups. Intelligent(s), Strengh(s),and Aglilty(s). You can either pick top lane, middle lane, or bottom lane. top lane is know as the hard lane aka try not to day at all lane. middle is a fast lane that you fight for (your lane) but you can a exp/gold adventage, then bottem lane. You then have the easy lane to get away from a gank or can pull a camp and have the enemy closer to your tower. overall i think i can give the game a 9.5 out of 10
game-hours: 1195.7
review: best game ever
game-hours: 958.4
review: iMBA GAME
game-hours: 245.8
review: Fun, plenty of characters to pick, strategies and so on. But... I'd like to file a bug report that's going to require a (almost) full wipe. The community. Fix it Valve, plos.
game-hours: 101.2
review: is awsome
game-hours: 156.4
review: Good game.
game-hours: 950.9
review: awesome
game-hours: 1766.6
review: Once you go Doto, you never go back!
game-hours: 1582.4
review: Really amazing detail. I enjoy watching every single particle effect, animation, texture, lighting, everything about the aesthetics of this game is awesome. The gameplay is fluid and the heroes feel alive with all the voice acting involved. So far my favorite game in the genre.
game-hours: 2059.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 935.3
review: Das good mane
game-hours: 1576.4
review: Voted for G.O.T.Y 2013
game-hours: 2658.7
review: good
game-hours: 2231.3
review: total
game-hours: 58.1
review: the best game
game-hours: 1778.4
review: good game
game-hours: 1020.6
review: hue hue
game-hours: 1008.7
review: very nice to play
game-hours: 1544.0
review: great game
game-hours: 16.5
review: SPIELEN SPIELEN SPIELEN!!!!
game-hours: 519.2
review: DotA is the game of the GODS!!!
game-hours: 830.1
review: MOBA can't get any better than this! Play it, you're missing on life's greatest moments if you don't XD
game-hours: 494.2
review: If your blood seeks wars, history, heroes and sacrifice, this is the game for you.
game-hours: 3296.4
review: raray
game-hours: 615.5
review: Love it somuchh..!!!
game-hours: 1476.6
review: :)
game-hours: 409.5
review: It's rally cool game :)
game-hours: 2014.3
review: love it
game-hours: 801.1
review: that was a great play!
game-hours: 1703.0
review: Get it... You might learn some russian while playing :)
game-hours: 2103.8
review: A lot of fun!
game-hours: 137.7
review: Gread Game
game-hours: 21.4
review: I love this game because of lots of fun !
game-hours: 3086.6
review: Top
game-hours: 3090.8
review: Best doto..gj volvo..
game-hours: 1087.4
review: dota 2
game-hours: 2621.2
review: good game
game-hours: 1943.8
review: Its ok.
game-hours: 3761.2
review: Great game!
game-hours: 2403.8
review: .
game-hours: 185.8
review: Why are you reading this? THIS GAME IS FREE FOR HEAVENS SAKES!! Just download it, spend 76hrs practicing against bots, watch 23hrs of YouTube tutorials, get beaten to a pulp by the community, and you're ready to have a MOTHERLOVING BLAST!! Unless you hate MOBAS, in which case just go play Planetside or TeamFortress or something. I don't care. Final Score: 7 Bug Patches /  Wizard
game-hours: 1298.9
review: Very good game
game-hours: 3252.4
review: I recommend this game if you enjoy Friendship ending arguments on a nightly basis!
game-hours: 3155.0
review: No matter how many times I quit this game, I always come back. Playing since DotA 1. Almost 8 years. Hard to learn, but still the best game ever.
game-hours: 948.6
review: the best game ever
game-hours: 3306.9
review: very awesome game. addicting and you can't get enough.
game-hours: 579.7
review: Good Game :D
game-hours: 2197.3
review: Love it
game-hours: 1549.2
review: recommended
game-hours: 492.6
review: addicted
game-hours: 3122.4
review: Better than LoL... hue
game-hours: 1249.3
review: Awesome game. Stimulates my brain. Highly recommended. Best game of this lifetime.
game-hours: 624.5
review: Pros: With 100ish heroes and a massive range of items this game will keep you playing for hours trying to discover the best combination of items for each hero, the best combinations of complimentary heroes for a team and to uncover stacks of aesthetic items to win. There are different game types to allow for practice with bots, ranked matches for more skilled players and tournaments for full teams who wish to compete. When you get a good team the atmosphere is really good and victories feel like a real achievement. As well as the standard game types there are often updates to bring players seasonal game types such as Frostivus around Christmas. It has a simple interface which makes controlling your character and communicating with other players easy without compromising control of either when multitasking. As for graphics, you can play the game on a very standard computer at low graphics without losing any of the experience and at high graphics it is visually pleasing but just as good. Unlike many other multiplayer games you can only buy aesthetic items from the shop using real world money. This prevents people with stacks of cash boosting themselves to become the best players based on cash and not skill (a common complaint in MMORPGs and other platforms). Cons: As with any massively multiplayer game there are many cons, these mostly revolve around the players. When finding a match you are given the option to set a language preference so you can speak with people who understand you. This function is next to useless. I have played over 300 matches and I'd say only about 100 of those were with a team of people who spoke English well enough (when specifying English in the language preference) to lay out or understand complex tactics. There are designated keys for simple commands to try and overcome the language barrier but this is often not enough for skilled players. Next is the reporting function. While you only receive a penalty for multiple reports, it is often the case that petty people will report you for winning games or simply for killing them. As far as I know these reports are not checked by moderators or not to a high standard because I've been perfectly polite and ended up being thrown in the sin bin (Low priority matchmaking) for having a winning streak. The matchmaking system is highly frustrating, it is not based on skill (some say this is a good thing... but it REALLY isn't) so if you have one bad person on your team it brings the entire team down. The servers are always crashing in some way, shape or form which can continue for days. Finally, there are a great number and variety of people who play DOTA. I'd like to say that most of these people are good natured but I have very often experienced people making comments of a nationalist, racist, biggoted, childish (etc) nature towards other players. Everything from "go and kill yourself" to "I had your Mum last night". It's a keyboard warrior dominated world to say the least. Conclusion: It's a really good game worth hours of fun and defintely worth downloading because it's free (can't complain too much about game/server faults with it being free as they do get fixed). BUT the community are mostly unforgiving, cruel and will flame you if you're not up to par (that's if you can understand what they're saying). If you're unable to ignore people when they're being vicious then get real life friends to join you. Otherwise avoid like the plague as the frustration will give you an aneurism.
game-hours: 200.0
review: Russian Sausage Fest Simulator 2014.
game-hours: 206.1
review: n1qqaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
game-hours: 1174.2
review: dota 2 is a good game i like the update really pretty nice :)
game-hours: 1669.8
review: Want to learn new languages? Want to have your self esteem  on? Want something to sink your time into? If so, this is the game for you. A lot of -talking. 10/10 best game ever.
game-hours: 89.1
review: this good
game-hours: 2887.4
review: good game
game-hours: 1926.6
review: This game is amazing but the only downfall i see is takes some time getting into it, i have clocked more than 1000 hours on dota and im still loving the game and learning new things i recommend getting a few friends and downloading this FREE game :D
game-hours: 2966.1
review: Common lets Gang
game-hours: 1418.5
review: I HATE THIS GAME. PLAY IT AND HATE IT WITH ME.
game-hours: 811.6
review: This is a Moba like league of legends excpet much harder, but once you get to know the game and get decent, it gets really fun to play.
game-hours: 375.4
review: play a few more games with me and my friends and if u still dont like it then ok
game-hours: 1740.6
review: I became racist after playing Dota. Kill all pinoys!
game-hours: 3.7
review: great game but bad graphics for me
game-hours: 21.1
review: =)
game-hours: 79.9
review: Bon jeu gratuis
game-hours: 395.2
review: good but hard
game-hours: 8.3
review: This game is like Banoffee pie, some like it some dont yano.
game-hours: 885.0
review: ok...
game-hours: 0.5
review: Like Skyrim with guns. 9/11 would play again.
game-hours: 0.6
review: I injected six marijuanas after playing this game, then I proceeded to curl into a ball and rub my crotch region with vasoline. 9001/10
game-hours: 2286.3
review: you can never have only 1 game..
game-hours: 1485.6
review: Dota 2 is a MOBA (multiplayer online battle arena) title developed by Valve and Icefrog, the creator of the original Warcraft III mod from which this game was based. Dota plays like a RTS (real time strategy) that pits two teams of five players against each other: each player can choose from a large pool of playable heroes, each with his/her own primary stat, role and gameplay. A match of Dota 2 revolves around both destroying all the enemy buildings, exspecially the huge and sturdy ancient in the very end of each base, and killing off non playable units and other players in order to gain experience to acquire new abilities or improve the ones already gained or the stats and gold to buy powerful pieces of equipment in order to make the various heroes even more deadly Dota 2 is a rather complex videogame: being a successful player involves around having a good knowledge of the various heroes abilities, how to react quickly to various events and how to plan ahead in order not to give the enemy team too much of an advantage. Each match is rather unique and unpredictable, with comebacks being very rare, but possible nevertheless Dota 2 is rather infamous for its playerbase, which is arguably the most rude, angry and elitist wannabe I've ever seen. Expect the other players to quickly point out your mistakes, sput insults and menaces at you for percived errors and get upset at you for not following what each team mate believe you should do at any given second of the match. It's also worth mentioning that the in-game report system that Valve designed in order to isolate the most unbereable members of the community rarely works, and it's instead used by rude players in order to silence or just plain sabotage other players they disagree with. Another great issue is that, while Dota 2 features language specific servers, most players won't join the proper servers, but will instead opt to join all the servers available and get mad at other people if they don't speak their native language. Russians players have become quite infamous for such practice If you can manage to stand tall of all the abuse described above, Dota 2 can reveal itself to be quite the interesting experience and generally a good multiplayer game to play
game-hours: 382.1
review: ???
game-hours: 1445.0
review: play dota
game-hours: 323.3
review: :)
game-hours: 67.2
review: Nice
game-hours: 3532.2
review: ....
game-hours: 644.3
review: AWESOME GAME :D
game-hours: 1774.6
review: Muito bom!
game-hours: 2530.8
review: i love you
game-hours: 1703.1
review: Entertaining and FUN!
game-hours: 230.4
review: download it
game-hours: 98.7
review: Dota ftw
game-hours: 453.9
review: If you are good in a team this is for you, if you've got a solo mentality go play something else.
game-hours: 1602.7
review: Addictive .... Very Very Addictive Game .. CAREFULL u have been warned !
game-hours: 996.6
review: can't wait for the all heroes to come out ^_^
game-hours: 2738.1
review: if you want to get flamed by some kid and teach you how to play by a feeder who's constantly asking for mid lane. have fun playin! because i did.
game-hours: 196.2
review: recomended game
game-hours: 612.0
review: can i know whats the problem im facing? its like im always dc from all the matches
game-hours: 698.8
review: this game is awsome
game-hours: 1147.2
review: Dota 2 la cb jan liao
game-hours: 1219.0
review: good game!!!!!
game-hours: 1802.6
review: from warcraft 3 dota to steam dota 2, about 10years i have been playing dota...I just never quit this game!
game-hours: 1651.4
review: BEST BRO (Y)
game-hours: 512.1
review: so good
game-hours: 2622.6
review: KOTOL, giff me mana !!!
game-hours: 7456.2
review: good game keep it up valve <3
game-hours: 1712.5
review: Good game
game-hours: 173.9
review: How to get a Cash in Dota 2 ? :( :( :(
game-hours: 2263.6
review: awesome game!!!
game-hours: 1716.9
review: dik man
game-hours: 1046.4
review: Good!
game-hours: 1479.8
review: awesome ! "lol" :p
game-hours: 617.1
review: Do you find russians screaming ", , I WILL KILL YOU" funny or arousing? Then you are in luck! This is definitely the game just for you. But other than the occasional russian death threats you will find yourself in one of the worst game communities in the world. Which happens to be in one of the most adicting and entertaining games of all time.
game-hours: 824.3
review: Nice game and Awesome Items :P
game-hours: 469.7
review: Like this Game :D
game-hours: 5598.9
review: nice game ever
game-hours: 5074.2
review: WAITING FOR OTHER PLAYERS. 9/10 Ready
game-hours: 1747.6
review: :)))
game-hours: 895.4
review: nice
game-hours: 2262.3
review: nice
game-hours: 3209.5
review: Exelente juego, tanto o mas q el dota original!
game-hours: 724.4
review: great game
game-hours: 3922.8
review: super mega strong game !!!
game-hours: 2353.7
review: Best Game!
game-hours: 2.5
review: Fun Game !
game-hours: 2095.2
review: <3
game-hours: 4266.7
review: This game will ruin your life because it's so damn good. God damn it.
game-hours: 1121.7
review: Great MOBA game. I suggest to everyone
game-hours: 2145.5
review: Great tool for learning russian language.
game-hours: 2398.6
review: sure you will be addicted!
game-hours: 860.3
review: how to buy item??
game-hours: 1504.1
review: show me what u got
game-hours: 610.8
review: hel yeah!
game-hours: 511.3
review: a very great game, with good community.
game-hours: 965.7
review: very nice game!
game-hours: 400.2
review: dis game suks
game-hours: 693.9
review: godlike game
game-hours: 1020.4
review: it is good
game-hours: 3422.3
review: good
game-hours: 39.7
review: The Mother of MOBA's...
game-hours: 1444.5
review: ...
game-hours: 1453.9
review: it is awesome
game-hours: 2241.6
review: Great
game-hours: 714.0
review: gg
game-hours: 1817.4
review: come and join with me into dota 2 :)
game-hours: 308.2
review: Pros: Awesome game. You never get bored of it. Cons: It takes time to learn.
game-hours: 1603.8
review: One Of The Best MMO Games !
game-hours: 666.0
review: This is my first review for DOTA 2. Well, I am a fans of DOTA since Warcraft time. That time I was like getting harassed by my friends because I can't play it well LOL. Well I'm not saying that I'm a pro player right now, but at least I'm on my learning curve. DOTA 2 is a strategy game, it requires teamwork, and of course experience to dominate the game. As many people have said, DOTA's learning curve is very deep. It's often to find even pro player being harassed and called a noob by other players in the game. That shows how harsh this game is LOL. I recommend this for you guys, as this game can deliver thrill, excitement, and of course neverending stress LOL. HAPPY RAMPAGE!
game-hours: 33.3
review: Amazing! 10/10
game-hours: 1408.6
review: Awesome....how i stop play D2
game-hours: 679.1
review: game for my life
game-hours: 650.2
review: 10/10 Would Bang again
game-hours: 3099.3
review: blyat 10/10
game-hours: 696.4
review: Best MOBA ever ! nuff said.
game-hours: 2357.2
review: Gaming crack cocaine with an awful community full of raging kids. Worth some time invested as it's a whole load of fun if you can get past the chat insults and get some farm...LAST HIT DEM CREEPS YO!
game-hours: 262.1
review: game that you should've play more than 10000 hours :P
game-hours: 3742.8
review: best game ever :D
game-hours: 1411.4
review: All you can say about Dota is that it's genius game. It was, it is and it will always be the most balanced and interesting game in the world. It has all things that DotA Allstars lacked. No need to say more, just try it. And the core of your life gonna be put there.
game-hours: 2032.8
review: Highly addictive MOBA based off Warcraft 3 and massively updated by Valve. The game play is very well tuned with balance updates pretty regularly. The patches are worth looking forward and the free-to-play model is brilliant. That said, this game has one of the worst gaming communities I have ever been a part of. Utterly shocking behaviour almost every game by at least one player. This game painfully needs a ban list to avoid being with these people more than once. Bring friends for the best experience.
game-hours: 1851.3
review: exceptional game
game-hours: 1135.8
review: its good
game-hours: 2043.9
review: So far best MOBA game ive played, hardcore and not very newbie friendly
game-hours: 1271.1
review: Zaraza. :D
game-hours: 1260.6
review: Enjoy!
game-hours: 4323.0
review: its a good game
game-hours: 3186.9
review: for me it is like a daily routine to play and compete against players across the world. not just we share our views but also our intellects collide on the same battlefield to determine the wave of glory for teams playing each round. sometimes we win but we loose which really makes to see deep in our hearts where we need the fear to be controlled and our reflexes on time through the game any time any place. at last it made us a way better than we happen to be in our previous game. understanding and reasoning the events of game is the most key factor if u really need to make best out of your effort. this game really changed us more than just one way.
game-hours: 2115.3
review: good game
game-hours: 9073.0
review: 11/10
game-hours: 3070.5
review: im superman
game-hours: 803.1
review: my best time pass..
game-hours: 2415.2
review: not just a game for fun. but this game need teamwork, inovation, great instict and creativity
game-hours: 2950.3
review: Wow Dota 2
game-hours: 679.9
review: Best MOBA out there.
game-hours: 941.4
review: seaching for dota 2 network
game-hours: 225.8
review: gud geam
game-hours: 1423.7
review: Cool :)
game-hours: 548.4
review: is my Game :3
game-hours: 78.9
review: Why bother with real life, when you can dota?
game-hours: 144.6
review: fun game but dont rage 2 much an nubs :P
game-hours: 926.3
review: Hands down the best MOBA game :) It can be very frustrating and punishing for newbies to get into but it is well worth the effort Loads of fun to be had with friends Well done to Icefrog and Valve on this masterpiece
game-hours: 62.4
review: Awesome GAME!
game-hours: 3432.1
review: Very good!
game-hours: 1773.0
review: If you're a veteran MOBA player, Dota2 shouldn't be unknown to you. It is the best one out there after all. But if you're new to the genre, Dota 2 is the most beginner friendly MOBA as of right now. It offers practise spacing from walking around, to buying items, to last-hit creeps and destroy towers. When you've learned the basics, you can practise against bots. You can play either with bots or with actual players to practise playing with a team.
game-hours: 1120.5
review: Hail to the king baby
game-hours: 2073.5
review: Nice Game! Highly Recommended!
game-hours: 65.0
review: dsda
game-hours: 2282.6
review: Good Game
game-hours: 1297.6
review: gzel oyun
game-hours: 471.4
review: Awesome game!!
game-hours: 4687.0
review: i <3 dota :)
game-hours: 933.2
review: DOTA 2
game-hours: 471.6
review: +1
game-hours: 2707.4
review: Most Addictive game for me... Just awesome... bit complivated to play, bt that add more fun to it... must play game
game-hours: 679.9
review: you should play this
game-hours: 2820.2
review: best volvo game ever hahaha
game-hours: 1481.0
review: good
game-hours: 1930.0
review: come and play :D
game-hours: 59.2
review: yah
game-hours: 1469.8
review: qq
game-hours: 1165.0
review: this is a nice game ^^
game-hours: 1079.4
review: i like
game-hours: 1045.1
review: Best MOBA style game, in my opinion, but if I keep getting matches with all these ing Mexicans and Russians; that'll change.
game-hours: 526.4
review: weeeeeeeee
game-hours: 112.6
review: This game has a wicked learning curve, but it is well worth your time to learn. Although it is similar to League of Legends, DotA 2's variables have a lot more impact on the game, and i feel this greatly enhances the gameplay to a point beyond where other MOBA games have reached. 10/10 would bang.
game-hours: 4837.3
review: Nice game..... e.port game 2013
game-hours: 236.1
review: really fun game,perfect ftp system
game-hours: 4500.6
review: DOTA 2 <3
game-hours: 862.3
review: The strongest addiction are cigarettes, alcohol, drugs, and DOTA...
game-hours: 119.2
review: The best BOMA out there. A complete revump of the old DotA with which we all learned the genre, with great graphics, all our favorite characters from the original and a fast pace gaming experience. The great community also helps a lot in your first steps in comparison with other games of the same genre/type.
game-hours: 3157.0
review: O Melhor Moba que ja existiu ......
game-hours: 282.4
review: very good game
game-hours: 4711.4
review: this is so ing great game!
game-hours: 1635.2
review: Too addicting !
game-hours: 847.6
review: A very challenging game.
game-hours: 512.9
review: I want play with you.
game-hours: 359.4
review: Good Keep It Up!!!
game-hours: 573.9
review: Interesting game, nice to refresh some of your russian language knowlege
game-hours: 1150.1
review: great supeeer
game-hours: 1608.8
review: Nice game, make you use your head, Graphics are awsome... Can have items categorized so its easy for noobs to understand the different items......
game-hours: 612.1
review: very cool game...its like...playing GTA but with power...btw..those terrain is awesome....the map are freakin cool...i think im playing my life in da game sometime2...best game ever....feel wasted spending whole money to game name AQW,LOL,and freakin other  game....i should findout this game like 2 years ago..n i will be awesome
game-hours: 1973.6
review: Nice game !! gogo play it
game-hours: 1466.0
review: I would certainly recommend this game! Although it has a high learning curve because of the many item and hero builds, it is a very team-oriented game where communication and coordination matters the most. Be warned though, it is a very addictive game and you will sink many hours into it!
game-hours: 2212.9
review: The one game on Steam that I've spent the most time on. And you should spend a lot of time on it too. Like seriously, download this now if you haven't already. I'm not even kidding man.
game-hours: 980.5
review: Dota!
game-hours: 1059.8
review: Very Nice game!
game-hours: 3669.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 3787.7
review: the best game ever. the game that never outdate
game-hours: 1114.6
review: DOTA 2 - The true MOBA Dota finds its origin as a custom map in Blizzards' Warcraft 3. Originally named Dota AllStars, this was the very first full-blown 'MOBA' (even though that term only surfaced with the success of League of Legends, many years later). Having played DOTA since that day, I can safely say that the true spirit of this game has been carefully preserved and refined. In fact, the game has always been treated in the very same way Blizzard would treat its releases of Starcraft and Warcraft: an endless patch process of refinement and rebalancing bordering on true perfection. At this point, DOTA has seen similar games pass by, of which the most notable one has to be League of Legends. However, there are some key differences between the two games, and that will be the focus of the second half of this review. What IS the difference, and how does it affect the game, and the players? - MECHANICS - The first, most noticeable difference between Dota and LoL has to be the way heroes work. Where LoL offers a palette of heroes with many 'spammable' skills and ground targeted skill shots at - generally - low resource costs, Dota forces the player to consider very carefully how and when to use the skills available to him. Especially in the early game, Dota puts the focus on slowly progressing in the lane by taking enemy last hits and is unique in its option to deny friendly units to the enemy team by last hitting those. With that, Dota early laning phases turn out to be a very skillbased game of 'trading blows'. Not through skills, but by simple attacks and smart positioning can players gain the upper hand. There are other aspects of Dota that force the individual player into taking the initiative, coming up with tactics or setting up ambushes. One of these is the map itself: the Dota map can be moved across through relatively cheap teleport scrolls, and it is smaller than the map in LoL, but big enough to provide ample room for surprise attacks. The Dota map is also built more like a Deathmatch map in a first person shooter - there are many paths to escape and ambush. Another aspect is the use and presence of runes, and the 'jungles' along with map-boss Roshan. All of these aspects add to the incredibly awesome metagame, which is where Dota makes LoL and all other variations on the theme pale in comparison. To top off this plethora of tactical choices, Dota team fights are generally fast-paced and can be over in a matter of seconds. Mobility, avoidance, and skillful positioning are just as important as character build and itemization. A player who is far behind, can still win by using terrain and positioning to his advantage. - THE METAGAME - The Metagame (the 'overall playstyle') of Dota is different with every single game you enter. This is where I feel Dota gets to beat LoL any day of the week. LoL is based on feature sets and team makeup. You pick a team that works, and that decides your meta. In essence a game of LoL is quite predictable once the picks are over. Not so in Dota. In Dota, every hero has a nemesis, and players get to see their opponents' picks, which makes hero picking a little game in itself, where players are already forced into tactical choices. Not only is team makeup of importance, but also how well your hero can handle the opposition. Due to this major difference in the metagame, games in Dota can end within the first 20 minutes or take as much as two hours to complete. It all depends on the players and how they choose to play. Similarly, even the same hero can be played in several ways. It is not uncommon to see supporting heroes take on a 'carrying' role, or seeing the initiator heroes turn into tanks. - CONCLUSION - Where LoL relies heavily on the available feature-set and spoonfeeding content (or keeping it behind a paywall) to keep the game interesting, Dota needs none of this. Dota is not only free-to-play, it is a full-blown MOBA with the complete hero roster and all of its functionality available right from the start. Dota can stay Dota and not change a single thing (quite much like it has done the past 10 years...!) and still be a great competitive game 20 years from now. And that is exactly why Dota is unbeatable within this type of games.
game-hours: 593.2
review: 10/10 would gank
game-hours: 3475.4
review: Its not bad kinda strategy multiplayer rpg unfortunantly the game is plagued with balance issues some characters are over powered while some are just plain useless but valve are working on these issues and im sure in due time they will make it right. Alot of fun with friends but again dont expect an easy ride the bot difficulty can be quite hit and miss most of the time its tough and this is one of those games that require all your team members to communicate and help where needed
game-hours: 2161.6
review: zaebis' voobshe
game-hours: 4599.2
review: Fazendo review s pra ganhar badge.
game-hours: 1310.2
review: sickest ing game
game-hours: 1587.8
review: nice game, nice fps, nice player attitude :) good game guys, come on play now
game-hours: 1773.7
review: Good Game <3
game-hours: 3.0
review: Even that i brought this to just get items to turn into tf2 items this is quite fun. It might be hard to play because its 3rd person but it has lots and lots of characters. 9/10
game-hours: 1480.4
review: This is a very awesome game.
game-hours: 1077.9
review: Great moba game
game-hours: 1047.1
review: I haven't had fun playing this game in 2 years
game-hours: 6511.9
review: You play this game or you go back to LoL with the noobs :)
game-hours: 32.8
review: I LOVE IT LOL
game-hours: 2678.2
review: gg
game-hours: 1107.6
review: I like DotA because of his heroes is nice and I like strategy with teamwork game.
game-hours: 1888.8
review: People who aren't from North America that queue on either US East or US West, regardless of skill level, need to be permanently banned from playing on those servers.
game-hours: 1885.9
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 3004.2
review: goood gameeeee
game-hours: 1019.5
review: Fun game
game-hours: 1.0
review: Once I finish tutorial, I can pwn lvl 1 nubs :D :D ;D
game-hours: 693.8
review: Angas
game-hours: 1222.7
review: ^^
game-hours: 1129.1
review: I really really Love dota 2 <3 AWESOME RAWWWWWWWWWWWWR......
game-hours: 1170.0
review: the best!!
game-hours: 2545.0
review: :)
game-hours: 603.8
review: dota 2 is good
game-hours: 260.7
review: patates
game-hours: 1152.5
review: Very nice game, fun but has a steep learning curve
game-hours: 3791.9
review: yu know you would be lost..still yu own at it :)
game-hours: 1088.9
review: Just try it. There's nothing to lose as long as you already hate people.
game-hours: 1933.5
review: yeah it's my favourite game in my life
game-hours: 200.8
review: this game is like lol but much more better an mature !!!!!!!! :)
game-hours: 1799.3
review: Wonderful game (when the servers are up/when there are no: Russians, Brazilians, Peruvians on your team/when nobody picks Sniper, Riki, or Pudge/when the GOD DAMNED SERVERS WORK) Recommended.
game-hours: 0.4
review: I am new when it comes to this style of game but after the steep learning curve i am starting to get it. my son loves the game so that's why i tried it. I like the concept and the community seems to be a pretty positive one. quite a change from some of the FPS games i play where you are lucky to not get insulted by children let alone adults.
game-hours: 1111.9
review: realy nice game
game-hours: 803.3
review: <3333333
game-hours: 877.3
review: +rep good trader
game-hours: 1437.9
review: This game is simply awesome and much fun.
game-hours: 851.8
review: Best MOBA I've ever been able to play. No Pay4Win, no constant "KS" flame, just pure pleasure.
game-hours: 1582.9
review: greatest game ever!EPIC!
game-hours: 827.7
review: This game is really fun to play!
game-hours: 489.6
review: This is a very fun game
game-hours: 92.3
review: Indeed
game-hours: 1161.1
review: love it... <3
game-hours: 1613.0
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 1513.6
review: really cool game. Highly recommended
game-hours: 417.7
review: GO GO GO
game-hours: 626.3
review: BEST THAN LoL !
game-hours: 15.9
review: This game is awesome, it reminds me so much of League of Legends and some of the aspects are better then LoL. I think this game is really fun and perfect for being free.
game-hours: 1262.0
review: <3
game-hours: 3224.1
review: 10/10 best game imo
game-hours: 1140.2
review: i love this game <3
game-hours: 3599.7
review: dota2 goooood
game-hours: 477.4
review: Not bad
game-hours: 1190.1
review: ZBS VNATURE KLASS!
game-hours: 715.3
review: Good, good!
game-hours: 917.3
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1241.4
review: like this game...oyeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
game-hours: 2001.5
review: Awesome
game-hours: 787.3
review: DOTA 2 ...wwoooooohhhhhh..
game-hours: 6359.7
review: zxc
game-hours: 2130.3
review: nice game!
game-hours: 2701.4
review: Just awesome :)
game-hours: 994.7
review: good game, good luck for officer :)
game-hours: 1353.9
review: Best A-RTS ever!!
game-hours: 2857.5
review: The big boys' game.
game-hours: 581.9
review: All time fav.
game-hours: 1985.6
review: I LIKE DOTA ILOVEYOU
game-hours: 659.3
review: is ok
game-hours: 5955.3
review: great game - great community - bad matchmaking - has autopunishment system - has quite fancy graphics - plenty of awesome heros - much teamgame - public - so fair - wow
game-hours: 280.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 2079.2
review: great
game-hours: 1820.3
review: A really good game. I recommend only if you like team games and you are ready to take one for the team.
game-hours: 1337.5
review: Fukin Terrible. 10/10
game-hours: 698.2
review: This recommendation comes from someone who regularly plays MOBA games, namely this and League of Legends. Short summary here, long review below: Pros: -Very in depth, challenging, complex, yet rewarding -Absolutely no 'pay to win' - All items are purely for cosmetic or other reasons and do not add advantages to gameplay -Very strong matchmaking - Consistently even matches are found. Ratings are separated between normal and ranked too. -Cool tools other MOBA's are lacking in - strong spectactor/replay system, tickets for tournament games, coaching system, intelligent bots with varying difficulty levels, cheats for custom games, crafting/item management. -Thriving competitive scene -Excellent map, sound, art/character and gameplay designs -Variety of modes (different kinds of drafts, all pick, etc.) -Valve economy gives it a huge advantage over other MOBA's - Community workshops allow players to contribute items directly to the game (and benefit), players can sell/trade items. -Flexible character loadouts - you 'mix and match' items instead of having to choose between skins when it comes to customizing heroes. -It's on Steam - again an advantage compared to other MOBA's as this gives access to Steam features on the go, like communication with friends regardless of game being played, stores, personal stuff, etc. Cons: -Steep learning curve and ocassionally hostile community can turn off new players very fast. -Less clarity + more complexity compared to other MOBA's contribute to learning curve -Only one map (variety comes from different modes as opposed to different maps). You'll always be playing 5v5 matches, although this is not really a con unless you get bored of it. For the average player, the actual gameplay between this and its predecessor (a custom map on Warcraft 3) did not significantly change. However, DotA 2 being it's own stand alone game means it is freed from an archaic engine, and in combination with being a Valve game gives it a huge amount of freedom and overhaul. I will refer to DotA 2 as simply DotA. First, DotA's free to play, and unlike other MOBA's, all heroes are free to play (you do not need to grind or purchase them). Valve makes money off this through purely cosmetic means, and this time this is for real. Many other games, even TF2, sell items that CAN make a difference in gameplay. DotA allows a new player to be just as strong as a veteran's account, as it all depends on the players and not grinding/buying things to access things. For those new to the game, DotA can be a very complex MOBA game, at least definitely more than other games like League of Legends (LoL). it is a Multiplayer Online Battle Arena (MOBA), where generally 5v5 matches are played. Each player controls a hero who must level up throughout the match, gaining gold and items to gain more powerful and use teamwork to defeat the opposing team by ultimately destroying their main base. Part of this genre's allure is that each match starts fresh, with everyone having to go through early, mid, and late phases of each match every time. It's all a test of skills rather than who grinded the most. Unlike other MOBA's, It is more punishing, more challenging, harder to master, but the allure comes from the reward of being able to overcome these challenges. DotA is a very time consuming game - expect to spend tons of time learning and being surprised at pretty much everything, because MOBA games in general are difficult. Each match can last for pretty lenghty periods of time too (over 40 minutes I find). That said, I recommend this game if you're up to the challenge. It's very demanding but can be really rewarding once you get the hang of things. I play both LoL and DotA and over time I've found DotA to be much more rewarding and exciting due to this increased depth and challenge. There are tools for new players to help learn, such as recruitment bonuses, a coaching system (where a player can coach players in their party, giving them a spectactor like mode of their teammates so they can issue out private voice, text, and commands, even highlighting things on the student's HUD), and an actual tutorial/training. Even if you're a bit afraid of the community or the challenges of learning the game, I still recommend this game if you can get a friend to help out. This game is exponentionally more enjoyable with friends and it is not as difficult as you think to get the hang of things. Remember, the rewards of overcoming these challenges are much greater than many other games, so give it a try!
game-hours: 1965.8
review: Hands down better than League. If you are new I highly recommend watching pyrion flax's youtube videos.
game-hours: 625.8
review: Do not Review your Quiz just Review DOTA 2
game-hours: 813.4
review: Yes
game-hours: 772.8
review: Very nice game. It requires alot of stategy and teamwork to win however very satisfying. It will cause many moments of anger so be careful and enjoy!
game-hours: 2489.6
review: best game very competitive,
game-hours: 707.5
review: I love Dota 2 :D
game-hours: 1820.1
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 25.1
review: Great
game-hours: 1345.1
review: yes
game-hours: 8329.6
review: Amazing game so far seeing as it's only in BETA stage right now. Completely outdoes the Warcraft III map, and the feel to it is the exact same as the original DotA. If you're an avid DotA fan and are one of the ones against HoN/LoL, then DotA 2 is definitely the game to play!
game-hours: 1223.9
review: Awsome Game!
game-hours: 1571.5
review: ya
game-hours: 1435.4
review: :)
game-hours: 110.1
review: Good game. Just go drow ranger and you win.
game-hours: 279.2
review: There;s still some bugs in it.. But i recommend it's a good game
game-hours: 368.3
review: The Best Game Ever!! Mind-Thrilling game that will wake you up to be the best of the best .. :}
game-hours: 2293.7
review: NICE
game-hours: 1610.3
review: Fun, strategic game
game-hours: 2523.4
review: we are elecktrick,,, :D
game-hours: 858.0
review: just need more heros, come on guys :/
game-hours: 2316.5
review: This is good
game-hours: 269.7
review: great game, weird community
game-hours: 152.8
review: best game ever made by human is dota 2
game-hours: 1510.6
review: I learn how to be more patient than zhou.
game-hours: 598.0
review: Best Game so Far.
game-hours: 2712.5
review: Nice game
game-hours: 3048.3
review: good game
game-hours: 1477.0
review: Who buys costumes for a free game... $200 later.... en, more costumes to buy !
game-hours: 771.1
review: nice.
game-hours: 383.5
review: nice
game-hours: 2685.5
review: tare jocu n-am cuvinte dar mai repede cu eroii
game-hours: 1303.8
review: GG
game-hours: 2938.8
review: doto . best game i've played in my entire life.
game-hours: 1142.9
review: awesome!
game-hours: 453.6
review: This one's is the greatest MOBA of all time.
game-hours: 4489.9
review: Epic!
game-hours: 2346.4
review: Hell YeA!!
game-hours: 4435.3
review: Windrunner  .
game-hours: 2365.8
review: this is good
game-hours: 1491.3
review: BEST EVER.
game-hours: 1746.2
review: GG
game-hours: 1040.3
review: :)
game-hours: 1086.1
review: Im So  Noob.. Someone please help me and teach me how to play DOTA2 !!!!!!! T-T
game-hours: 1259.3
review: So its Dota 2. Not lika Dota 1. Not like Lol. Better.
game-hours: 1664.1
review: Awesome game .
game-hours: 1563.1
review: i'm addicted with this game :D
game-hours: 1919.5
review: WHAT A NICE GAME....
game-hours: 2242.2
review: best game with friends and  with strangers
game-hours: 2324.0
review: .   100  .
game-hours: 2347.2
review: best game ever ever
game-hours: 438.0
review: yes i recomended
game-hours: 3206.0
review: this game in my life ...
game-hours: 1161.9
review: best
game-hours: 1314.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 2867.4
review: This Game is awesome! \m/
game-hours: 3235.4
review: Fun , Time killer , Anything that you can think of is here
game-hours: 213.3
review: ,  , ? !  Dota2!
game-hours: 6020.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 74.2
review: You must play this game
game-hours: 2317.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 17.6
review: it's terrible
game-hours: 791.6
review: lot of fun..but some people in game like to insult each others and lot of racism..
game-hours: 1664.9
review: Very Addictive game... Literally changed my life :D DOTA for LIFE...
game-hours: 248.0
review: I now have a b-12 deficiency. 10/10
game-hours: 874.7
review: One of my favorite games, have played this since the original back in the days of WC3
game-hours: 2161.8
review: nicce
game-hours: 1793.3
review: THIS GAME
game-hours: 962.5
review: Everything that ever existed/10 One of the best games ever made. Cannot recomend more.
game-hours: 6167.0
review: AAA
game-hours: 3417.4
review: NICE !!
game-hours: 1066.3
review: cool
game-hours: 896.7
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 2992.0
review: ........
game-hours: 1918.4
review: Awesome !
game-hours: 176.6
review: I think this game is awesome. Nice strategy game you can play with your friends
game-hours: 1559.4
review: I wasn't sure how I'd like a game that is the same map every time you play it, but with over 100 different heros to choose from this game never gets old. 5v5 tower defense.....count me in!
game-hours: 1337.2
review: server always down. Sigh
game-hours: 1101.6
review: Great game that is free and extremely fun.
game-hours: 727.3
review: At first Dota 2 was not that engaging, because of the learning curve. Being a new comer to MOBA's in general though it was very helpful to run through the tutorial and the bot matches to get a grasp of what was going on. After you get the hang of it though, it gets highly addictive. There are a lot of possible interactions between abilities, item builds, and hero selection. Having all of the hero's to try out at your leisure is a daunting yet very encouraging option. I love that I can choose any hero, especially if you just want to run a bot match to try them out before playing with people. The community can be harsh, but it can also be very friendly. Making friends on Dota can be easy. They throw quite a few seasonal events which are a lot of fun. I love the art work and hero artistic design. I can't believe that this game is free to play. They do offer quite a few amazing cosmetics, like a portal pack for purchase. You get to hear GlaDos announce the match, which is very entertaining. I highly recommend playing the game and spending time with it. I would say the first 60 hours you play is all learning experience. Consider that you have 107 current heros to play, each hero will take you at least 3 rounds to really get a hang of (not just by yourself, but with your team and hero selections, item builds, etc.) Each round is about 20 - 45 minutes. Which it is a good thing to play with a variety of heros to begin with just to learn what they can do. One last point to mention, the hero's are well balanced. In public games there seems to be defined favorites, but by no means are they over powered. By far this is one of my favorite games.
game-hours: 1838.9
review: It's Dota. But number 2!
game-hours: 1277.4
review: yyy
game-hours: 1376.3
review: nice game for all
game-hours: 123.4
review: Excelente juego, estrategia avanzada.!!
game-hours: 1213.5
review: asd
game-hours: 1517.4
review: awesome game always fun to play !! gg
game-hours: 1520.4
review: good game one of the best
game-hours: 2073.3
review: very good yes
game-hours: 5132.7
review: Okay folks! I'll ask you a couple of simple questions. Do you want to play a game that gives you satisfaction after winning? Do you want to play a game that makes you learn from your mistakes? Do you want to play a game that is so awesome that you'd want to kick yourself for not playing it sooner? Do you want to play a game who's workshop items are so vast and imaginative that you'd just want to go hug the creators? Do you want to play a game that has the biggest fan following among all online games EVER? If you're still not convinced, let me just say this. One map. 10 players. 2 sides. 107 heroes. 129 items. Bazillion hours of fun! Do yourself a favour and download this game! THE BATTLE BEGINS! :)
game-hours: 955.5
review: Recommended competitive game of action and strategy be a "GODLIKE" with a "RAMPAGE" kill on there and you'll feel an hours of fun
game-hours: 1608.9
review: game is cool :)
game-hours: 297.7
review: Not bad :)
game-hours: 166.6
review: I like this game ! its more simple than the Dota Warcraft .
game-hours: 3015.9
review: hello..
game-hours: 1696.5
review: great!!!!
game-hours: 2412.2
review: Fkin awesum game <3
game-hours: 1793.7
review: This is how free to play is meant to be done - Valve at their very best!
game-hours: 354.2
review: :)
game-hours: 3002.6
review: Best game ever ~ bring this game to the world =)
game-hours: 479.2
review: its brain battle..!
game-hours: 1582.3
review: This game is best game i ever got, dont like other duplicate game like HoN LOL LOA etc , this is like the original version, can build communication to other also ^^
game-hours: 1852.9
review: Ruined my life. Five stars.
game-hours: 588.9
review: good
game-hours: 1101.6
review: Yes this is Awesome game with superb graphic and Superb gameplay
game-hours: 1020.4
review: WHICH TY OF RUSSIA YOU WANNA PLAY TODAY?
game-hours: 519.1
review: Favourite world game
game-hours: 1126.3
review: Best game.
game-hours: 497.4
review: Its a very fun, action-packed game that requires fast hands and reflexes. Its a challenge to master but this game is a sure to play
game-hours: 859.2
review: Very nice
game-hours: 1183.0
review: wow
game-hours: 1366.1
review: No Dota 2 No Party!!!
game-hours: 675.8
review: GLHF :D
game-hours: 906.3
review: Awsome game
game-hours: 1727.9
review: good game:))
game-hours: 697.4
review: Best game ever created so far :3 m loving it
game-hours: 1794.8
review: great game
game-hours: 1786.5
review: this is amazimggg
game-hours: 744.1
review: Best program to learn Chinese. I was taking Chinese classes and found it hard to learn until I got Dota2, this really helps learn conversational Chinese. 10/10 would play
game-hours: 1153.2
review: Free to play and fun, yet chalenging
game-hours: 2119.5
review: nice game nice graphic
game-hours: 4038.7
review: awesome game my reviews 10/10
game-hours: 1450.2
review: bruaaakakakakakakakakakakakakak
game-hours: 267.1
review: the most fun and addicting game i have ever played
game-hours: 1637.7
review: THE BEST OF THE BEST
game-hours: 1526.3
review: FANTASTIC! Best MOBA game I've played! Would highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 2368.6
review: Dota 2 for ever !!! LoL players GTFO ! _)_
game-hours: 1634.2
review: AWESOME!
game-hours: 1910.6
review: :)
game-hours: 2955.3
review: Game of the year... If youre bored of your entire life, play this damn game. 100000000/10. Also learn how to speak Russian, Spanish, Portugese, and Chinese. Better than rosetta stone.
game-hours: 3020.7
review: Well have been playing this game since forever. The best game ever!
game-hours: 138.4
review: Amazing free to play game 10/10 :D
game-hours: 5406.3
review: The best game ever created
game-hours: 1144.9
review: This game is amazing! A perfect port from the old WC3 version. Details are amazing, gameplay rocks, community could use help lol. I've played DotA for years, sense 5.84 on WC3. I will never stop playing DotA!
game-hours: 89.7
review: A magical game with a magical community. Unless it's your first match. Then, YOU ARE THE NOOB FOREVER. Then you realize Visage and Sven are your calling. Only then, can you fight back against all who doubted you.... ONLY THEN..........
game-hours: 48.9
review: I broke a tree with a leaf in half a second, already better than minecraft. 10/10 would bang Windrunner!
game-hours: 38.8
review: No
game-hours: 1816.9
review: If you are looking for a game that requires skill, that is fun then this is the game for you!
game-hours: 1869.8
review: Its good ~
game-hours: 1533.0
review: Incredible way to learn a new language for the low cost of your self-esteem as well as your self-respect
game-hours: 409.4
review: A Game of Chess!!
game-hours: 492.6
review: This Game is very addictive...... Enjoying it..
game-hours: 2084.1
review: This is without a single doubt in my mind the most refined and fullfilling multiplayer achievable to date. The game has a steep learning curve but once past, it leaves you want more every day. It's free to download so this is a must try for anyone who proclaims to be a gamer.
game-hours: 114.2
review: ckckckck
game-hours: 86.2
review: Games great for scrubs
game-hours: 486.0
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 146.7
review: preper fer teh scery men to tern arond when da gem startz, itz a troll gem.
game-hours: 2000.2
review: A
game-hours: 852.7
review: Wew, it's an good game if you wan't to try hard, try it if you can!
game-hours: 747.2
review: best doto
game-hours: 1958.6
review: qeqweqwe
game-hours: 516.1
review: Want a friendly community who accepts mistakes? Want a team that speaks your language? Go play an inferior game. Want a game that is as rewarding as it is frustrating that is more in-depth and strategic than anything in the genre. This is your game. 10/10 Would recommend to the serious gamers, not those who want a chill/laid back game. Also you can kill donkeys.
game-hours: 3437.8
review: Ok boleh la game ni
game-hours: 771.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 590.9
review: Best game in the world
game-hours: 49.4
review: Fun game, once you find your Hero. Experimenting with each type is good, and just playing an AI battle with a few friends is a good way to pass the time.
game-hours: 1850.4
review: highly recommended for gamers
game-hours: 546.2
review: Complcated game that makes me angry countless times a day, and yet i still keep playing. Someone find me a good rehab center
game-hours: 837.2
review: great game!
game-hours: 1512.9
review: gg
game-hours: 1161.4
review: very reccomended :))
game-hours: 83.1
review: cool
game-hours: 1368.8
review: odlicna igra samo masu rusa koji su nabine :D
game-hours: 25.3
review: Meh.
game-hours: 927.0
review: best moba type game ever played
game-hours: 6282.0
review: gg
game-hours: 211.6
review: Great game, even better with friends. Tons of heroes. Tons of skills. Tons of items. Tons of fun!
game-hours: 310.4
review: Go out LoL
game-hours: 513.6
review: Very fun game, must have! It's addicting
game-hours: 20.0
review: Addictive. Entertaining.
game-hours: 149.1
review: Great Game!
game-hours: 666.0
review: a
game-hours: 1757.0
review: Great Game
game-hours: 1089.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 293.9
review: mantapp
game-hours: 1193.5
review: AWESOME!!
game-hours: 2385.1
review: Best game on steam.
game-hours: 1910.0
review: No reason to play any other game now. 10/10
game-hours: 17.0
review: i like this dota , its kind little bit hard , but its good for team-work!
game-hours: 186.9
review: i like the game :)
game-hours: 388.6
review: techies?
game-hours: 867.1
review: super game
game-hours: 387.8
review: a very great game indeed! this game has stole my hundred hours of playing, and maybe more later, really rampaging my gaming life..
game-hours: 594.9
review: The most complex game ever
game-hours: 2050.3
review: best gem
game-hours: 1980.6
review: im having fun playing this game...
game-hours: 1355.5
review: Must try this game , but u must ready to agains racist
game-hours: 554.7
review: This game is very exciting, everyone must play this game !
game-hours: 1572.4
review: This game is so good
game-hours: 3235.2
review: Best game on Steam so far
game-hours: 1454.2
review: Good Game, gg.
game-hours: 1525.1
review: You will never get bored from this game. Because Basicly , you are going to taste/feel a different atmosphere in each game. But just be ready for some trolls in the game Have fun!
game-hours: 769.3
review: great game
game-hours: 665.0
review: like never play before
game-hours: 3983.2
review: gg moba...
game-hours: 1060.6
review: llllll
game-hours: 239.8
review: Rage Simulation 11/10
game-hours: 1393.2
review: THE BEST LANGUAGE LEARNING TOOL ON THE INTERNET. LEARN TO SPEAK SPANISH, RUSSIAN, AND PORTUGUESE FOR THE LOW LOW PRICE OF YOUR SELF-ESTEEM AND FAITH IN OTHERS GET THIS FREE AS HECK GAME
game-hours: 2525.3
review: Very addictive.. Easy to get started with.. A must-have!
game-hours: 2688.9
review: best game ever
game-hours: 2441.3
review: Nice game very strategic and good item =D
game-hours: 157.7
review: Awesome game as long as you have poeple that know how to play. If not play the tutorials and learn fast....
game-hours: 3964.8
review: ADDICTED
game-hours: 1433.7
review: I dunno I've never played this game before, but I heard this was like league, so I bet it's the best game ever.
game-hours: 2820.2
review: GooooooooooooooooooooooooooD
game-hours: 1695.6
review: super nice game :D
game-hours: 529.1
review: dsadfsdfsdfsdgsdggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggdsg
game-hours: 623.9
review: aba
game-hours: 275.7
review: :D
game-hours: 266.4
review: lol
game-hours: 1171.7
review: Great community game. Can be played on a relaxing situation with all ur friends hanging out on ur house.
game-hours: 889.3
review: up to dota2
game-hours: 2512.8
review: nnice
game-hours: 3002.3
review: A brilliant game of strategy! Strive for victory with four other allied heroes and down the opposition throne!
game-hours: 232.2
review: 5 stars ... Its free Fun competitive
game-hours: 2685.2
review: Its a nice and good addictive game.. some locations are not near to the servers and may cause high latency. Wish valve fix this to make servers more appropriate to nearby locations and reduce delay and lag. Nevertheless it is my favourite game :)
game-hours: 1025.0
review: best game ever
game-hours: 2477.3
review: yep, it's dota.
game-hours: 777.1
review: Good
game-hours: 121.1
review: Don't play this  game.
game-hours: 7.7
review: nice
game-hours: 1112.9
review: hawt
game-hours: 57.3
review: bad
game-hours: 2687.6
review: playing hard makes you improve your skill. playing with friends is fun.
game-hours: 1644.6
review: Good Game!
game-hours: 311.1
review: nice game :)
game-hours: 769.2
review: Best strategy game ever!!!
game-hours: 930.3
review: It is difficult to express in words. so perfect
game-hours: 819.5
review: nice graphics and updates are great..
game-hours: 163.8
review: dota 2 is great..
game-hours: 152.8
review: Good Game so much fun ! :D Best MOBA game ever.
game-hours: 922.6
review: Game is very great!!!
game-hours: 3506.3
review: Dota 2 is a real-time strategy game as known as MOBA (Multiplayer-Online-Battle-Arena) You'll need a teamwork to play this game. Every game is the same map with different strategy. It is also the best languages learning game. I'm playing on the SEA server and I learned about 5 languages like Pinoy, Indo, Malay, Chinese, Korean, and sometimes Russian. Imagine when you're trying to pay attention on the game but the chat log is full of their languages. Especially Russian "" always appeared on the chat log. It means BlTCH as well. This game has the mute system which I'm f*ckin' love it. It helps me solve these problems. -Remember no English. Of course if you're new to this game, you'll get a lot of blames. "NO PLACE FOR NEWBS." #FUKINGBADCOMMUNITY But just chill and keep playing, ignore those who trashtalks. You'll have a great time playing this game. #BESTMOBA Ruined my life 11/10
game-hours: 798.3
review: hmm.. prince charles says hi.. harry and william are addicted to it.. ..
game-hours: 1105.2
review: A great domestic violence simulator; I really think I'm getting the full "Wife who gets beaten by her husband every day but keeps coming back to him" experience.
game-hours: 1019.4
review: good
game-hours: 2912.7
review: i did
game-hours: 1948.6
review: good game
game-hours: 2882.9
review: Dota 2 is the best game ever!
game-hours: 1531.1
review: wrecking RAMPAGE
game-hours: 56.1
review: zbs
game-hours: 1796.1
review: Defense Of The Ancients, Best MOBA Of All Time And It's Simbly Awesome Strategy Game, Skills Required!
game-hours: 196.3
review: Don't play it if you value your free time.
game-hours: 230.7
review: Language simulator in the most abusive, racist, discriminative way imaginable. 10/10. Would recommend.
game-hours: 2243.8
review: Epic Game !
game-hours: 1674.8
review: Must played ! new regeneration of DOtA
game-hours: 2098.6
review: good game :D
game-hours: 3098.4
review: More noobs to kill :D
game-hours: 131.0
review: best game ever
game-hours: 641.3
review: all my friends play this game. it has taken from me money, time and effort. in return i have lost my faith in humanity and i doubt everyone i meet and their ability to ward. my life is ruined and i have never been happier.
game-hours: 1116.0
review: Awesome!!!
game-hours: 3059.2
review: Playing this game is like Rihanna and Chris Brown. It's gonna beat you senseless but youre always gonna come back.
game-hours: 38.7
review: highly recommended (y)
game-hours: 727.3
review: yeah !!!!
game-hours: 1707.7
review: i love to p[lay games
game-hours: 61.3
review: OK
game-hours: 631.8
review: Umm where do i start well for 1 ipotato
game-hours: 3540.6
review: super fun MOBA game better than league must bang
game-hours: 244.3
review: To many players, these sorts of persistent issues can damage their enjoyment in significant ways, but the dense tactical gameplay manages to shine through more often than not, and if you really get in deep, this may be the last game you need for months. And if youre completely unsure about the genre or heavy online teamwork, it couldnt be cheaper to give it a shot.
game-hours: 560.6
review: great
game-hours: 430.2
review: 3
game-hours: 364.2
review: nice
game-hours: 1936.5
review: a most competetive gameplay in the world
game-hours: 1032.8
review: Dota 2 Is Best Game in The World
game-hours: 2780.9
review: very enjoyable
game-hours: 1927.6
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 1833.0
review: Very nice game i love it
game-hours: 1295.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 1203.3
review: superior than dota
game-hours: 40.2
review: NICE GAME!
game-hours: 3079.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 125.7
review: great game!
game-hours: 4.3
review: Dota 2 is Dotastic
game-hours: 1228.9
review: Good Game, Must try
game-hours: 1786.1
review: This game has stolen my social life. And probably caused some stress related disease... and I don't even mind.
game-hours: 142.2
review: RECOMMENDED!
game-hours: 612.7
review: yes
game-hours: 621.4
review: meh...
game-hours: 904.9
review: great game!
game-hours: 1579.7
review: dota ggwp
game-hours: 680.0
review: PURE SKILLS ,
game-hours: 2212.4
review: Dota is a Very popular Game world wide and it is the most favourite game of mine
game-hours: 810.1
review: i think dota 2 good !!
game-hours: 616.9
review: i like this game so match !! keep the good work valve!!
game-hours: 542.7
review: I love Dota 2 So keep calm and play dota 2 :D :D
game-hours: 462.3
review: Very good game so far a must have for all gamers who enjoy a strategy game
game-hours: 1820.1
review: Game Terbaik Sepanjang masa
game-hours: 3272.2
review: Dota 2 is a free to play game allowing all players to enjoy the full game without any restrictions on Windows, Mac and Linux. In Action RTS games such as Dota 2, it is very important to be on a level playing field to ensure balance and fair games between all players. Regardless of how much you have spent on the game, everything related to gameplay is available for free.
game-hours: 699.7
review: everyday i play this game , amazing !
game-hours: 261.4
review: good
game-hours: 74.6
review: awesome game
game-hours: 1971.4
review: (Y) !!!!! :)
game-hours: 53.0
review: A Russian Riki killed me and called me a   10/10 would lower my self-esteem again
game-hours: 27.9
review: It's really a nice game and the most player MOBA game IN THE WORLD!!!
game-hours: 1690.8
review: Great game but bad server....
game-hours: 1413.1
review: nice
game-hours: 1313.3
review: Great Game, you should join the community and enjoy the game.
game-hours: 36.9
review: :)
game-hours: 2525.2
review: .   .
game-hours: 150.4
review: Nice game! very difficult early but after few game awesome
game-hours: 960.5
review: Do not get addicted for your own good sake....=D
game-hours: 1500.8
review: zzzzz
game-hours: 831.4
review: Recommend
game-hours: 49.0
review: Best PVP ever. I have enjoy this game like none other. Just remember, try to don't feed!!!
game-hours: 2177.2
review: GGWP
game-hours: 970.9
review: fun to play with friends
game-hours: 169.6
review: go
game-hours: 698.9
review: this game is make my day brighter then a sun
game-hours: 2534.3
review: so addictive game. fun to play with friends
game-hours: 3651.3
review: good game to throw your money away
game-hours: 1348.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 1968.0
review: very very addictive game ^^ LOVE THIS GAME
game-hours: 0.4
review: best moba
game-hours: 417.6
review: Dota > Lol
game-hours: 439.8
review: A very fun game that can be super annoying at times but also very rewarding
game-hours: 0.4
review: Loving this game
game-hours: 4622.0
review: The game got me like no more games coudn't.
game-hours: 0.1
review: volvo pls
game-hours: 2023.3
review: +++++
game-hours: 1989.1
review: Awsome
game-hours: 1294.5
review: This game is so ......... (i don't know what to say)
game-hours: 2622.3
review: gg
game-hours: 1566.1
review: So you wanna play? Do it now !!!
game-hours: 513.2
review: great
game-hours: 2192.5
review: this is awesome game
game-hours: 1649.8
review: Best game ever, addictively fun, hard to master, ggwp
game-hours: 4333.7
review: Bringing back the good moments from Warcraft, Dota 2 brings you a great gameplay, good graphics, awesome freedom for the players, that can make their own builds, visual items, and strategies. Everything for free! Best Action RPG (or MOBA) ever.
game-hours: 956.8
review: Best game i ever played i even recomend recently born babys to play it for its awsomeness
game-hours: 1593.2
review: What does it take to be a leader? Let me back a step up. Everybody knows every friday is bagel day around here. But who pick the assortment of bagels? If it were up to me, I would pick up cheese bagels, they seem to be everybody's favorite. What about cheddar cheese? Yes? Well that's why I'm the boss.
game-hours: 265.8
review: Hey you're don't cheat you lie to me please give me back my item sir don't forgoten again
game-hours: 1193.0
review: sa
game-hours: 1590.6
review: too good
game-hours: 3263.5
review: one of the best game ever :)
game-hours: 974.8
review: it's not MOBA , its DOTA an multiplayer online action rts , great game, nice visuals, pumping adrenaline, fast gameplay but u must be creative to win , be brave, take the challenge and alway aprroach new style every match to level up ur skill.
game-hours: 193.8
review: I love this Game
game-hours: 1017.1
review: addicted with this game lol
game-hours: 301.7
review: THis is awsome game i ever played
game-hours: 2308.6
review: Excellent game, especially considering it's free.This game is Complex, competitive, fun and loads of teamwork.I have never seen aesthetics like those in Dota 2. Something about the graphics is very visually appealing and unique. It's the best free to play game I've ever experienced. Though it may take dozens of hours to learn, players that grasp Dota 2s ideas will find a game thats almost endlessly enjoyable.Youll need knowledge, skill, and a smidge of spider-sense. Friends to learn with are a must, and dont be deceived by the lack of a pricetag: Dota 2 will cost you hundreds of hours.  Try it out now.., its free.. and badass!
game-hours: 1387.8
review: good
game-hours: 501.2
review: 10/10 I love this game. I would recommend completing the tutorials first before going into the public match making, so that you would know a lot of tricks while playing.
game-hours: 89.9
review: Drink Vodka and Win Dotka
game-hours: 15.2
review: This is great :)
game-hours: 575.0
review: Really steep learning curve, but once you get into it, it's brilliant!
game-hours: 3571.5
review: Pointless and monotonous game that makes me a little bit happier.-.
game-hours: 2067.5
review: Highly recommended!
game-hours: 1711.9
review: EAT SLEEP DOTA
game-hours: 1194.6
review: best game ever try it!!!
game-hours: 1851.4
review: zaebisj voobshe ebal prosto
game-hours: 187.5
review: Way Good
game-hours: 928.6
review: gsdfsd
game-hours: 1146.3
review: Great game with lots of action. You never know what you are going to be up against in this fast paced game of skill.
game-hours: 1079.1
review: Dota 2 is a MOBA with a high skill cap. The meta game of purchasing helpful items is complex and hard to get accustomed too. Once you do, however, the game is great fun especially with a group of friends!
game-hours: 1642.3
review: Once you learn a bit of Brazillian Portugese, this game's community becomes incredibly cooperative
game-hours: 1461.9
review: Ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 31.5
review: May cause fear. Fear leads to anger, anger leads to hate, hate leads to suffering! I APPROVE!
game-hours: 4215.1
review: I just Love Dota2
game-hours: 2677.9
review: Lo MEJOR DEL mundo!!!!
game-hours: 1304.8
review: League of Legends is nothing when compared to Dota 2 !
game-hours: 649.7
review: Awesome..
game-hours: 786.1
review: good!!
game-hours: 1243.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 1272.5
review: Its a Cruel World!!
game-hours: 0.6
review: I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT IM DOING! :D
game-hours: 619.0
review: Nice game ever (for me) than the other.
game-hours: 639.1
review: good game. mostly with the people that rage! lol
game-hours: 2984.8
review: Its like "Sex Panther" scientifically proven, it works 60% of the time, all the time
game-hours: 273.5
review: well balanced game. addictingly awesome!
game-hours: 2996.0
review: engine error. i chose not to recommend so you guys will read this please fix dota 2. ASAP many people cant play because of engine error. when choosing hero it crashes. says for example invalid_subtitles_lion_english.dat. FIX IT!
game-hours: 699.9
review: very nice and good game, nice grapich, and i fell not bored when i play dota 2 :D LOVE DOTA 2 so MUCH <3
game-hours: 566.6
review: when play with friend game so good , when play alone game so bad and many pinoy style.
game-hours: 810.6
review: verry LOVE this Game No Endless like other game got max leve or something ranking. and good marketing community.
game-hours: 1243.1
review: Simply the most addicting, strategic and overall best MOBA format game. But it made a hole in my wallet, Volvo fix.
game-hours: 907.2
review: In love with the new weather update <3
game-hours: 1386.7
review: GG
game-hours: 50.8
review: A good game always,and verry diversificated,you better try it and you wont regret
game-hours: 1096.9
review: BEST DOTO, VALVE DOTO
game-hours: 2041.4
review: tang ina bobo
game-hours: 3262.0
review: i like this game
game-hours: 3219.3
review: nice
game-hours: 1043.0
review: KAPP
game-hours: 10.1
review: Very simple and Very complicated at the same time. This game gives you opportunity to play special hero-character selected from huge list of heroes. Simple side of the game: - 2 opposite bases. To win you need to capture one. - 5 players Vs 5 players. Empty slot(s) to be played by GameBot. - Pick a hero, push Battle. Thats it. Complicated side of the game. - You need to know Hero you playing and how level him in details. - You need to have at least 1 nonBot friend playing with you to get Win or to resist at random games. - You need to know what duo of heroes is a good hero-combo and what duo is suck hero-combo. - You need to know when/where and what to buy. - You need to know how to read tha map, where to push, where to defend. How and when to do it right. - You need to know how to farm coins and exp fast to get advantage and buy things for yourself at later stage of round. You need to know all above for 100% to get good Win/Loose statictic. And yeah,,,be ready to read a lot of crap from "zombie" players, who lives in Dota 2 for years. For example, i've tryed to play normal match at my very first time and I've read a lot of new thigs abt myself. Even after passing through all training matches/tests and its your first Player vs Player match. Ignore all chat crap & Have fun!
game-hours: 1853.1
review: Dota2 is a best game for me.
game-hours: 2401.3
review: Was called a noob and fed mid lane 11/10 will get called a noob again
game-hours: 3648.5
review: Best game, ever.
game-hours: 1296.8
review: nice
game-hours: 649.0
review: :)
game-hours: 907.0
review: RECOMENDED!!!
game-hours: 222.9
review: good
game-hours: 3521.9
review: this is cool.
game-hours: 2427.6
review: very addictive HOHO
game-hours: 634.3
review: DotA 2, A game where teamwork is key. this game is a MOBA where you work together with 4 others to destroy the other team's ancient, all while defending your own. When first getting in to this game, do the tutorial, it may be boring (REALLY boring), but it teaches all the baisics. After 200 hours, i can say that this is one of the best games i've played and i hasn't gotten old yet
game-hours: 12.3
review: League is better, hands down.
game-hours: 7.9
review: good
game-hours: 2225.0
review: Good game, lot of people play this game. lot of fun, thanks valve..
game-hours: 761.7
review: :)
game-hours: 1627.2
review: kalo ada server pinoy sendiri, mmg perfect game ni
game-hours: 2341.1
review: it was one of the best game i've ever played.
game-hours: 2359.6
review: Great Game
game-hours: 493.1
review: It is an amazing game to play, I've had a lot of fun playing it
game-hours: 806.6
review: wp
game-hours: 2243.8
review: DOTA 2, the most recommended multiplayer online battle arena in this world. Gamers who don't know DOTA 2 is not 100% gamer. Just try it, and you will addict!
game-hours: 2419.1
review: very nice game
game-hours: 2419.4
review: yes
game-hours: 855.7
review: a  childer :3
game-hours: 2293.6
review: Best online strategy game ever!
game-hours: 1336.8
review: I personly think that dota 2 is the best stratagy game to play with friends or groups.... a fun way to meat other people aswell to show off your gamer skills
game-hours: 1394.7
review: owsume
game-hours: 695.0
review: Awesome best ing epic game yo!
game-hours: 13.7
review: I've just recently started playing Dota 2. My friends always said that it was addicting and I always thought otherwise. I mean, what can be so addicting about a game. I thought that killing and dying is never really that fun. Then I just kind of got bored and after 2 games I got hooked! I now understand how fun it is. Addicting even. The graphics are nice. The response of heroes are great. The skills are appropriate for each hero. I'm just glad that I opened up to Dota 2
game-hours: 6411.4
review: Get out before you can, this is too adictive!
game-hours: 1981.6
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 519.5
review: .Cool.
game-hours: 2175.4
review: best strategic and fun to play games....
game-hours: 1252.2
review: Nice game but carefull don't addict
game-hours: 1835.3
review: That awkward moments when you have more friends in Dota 2 to play with than your real life friends. Happens to me.
game-hours: 1153.6
review: Awesome
game-hours: 277.9
review: 1v1 Practice Mode mid gamemode released perfect for 1v1ing Walter gj volvo
game-hours: 1063.5
review: A very tactiful and interesting game .
game-hours: 33.0
review: Better than lol
game-hours: 17.2
review: Though I haven't played much of this game, I would recommend it to anyone who like MOBA titles. This game seems very confusing at first but gets easier with experience, not to say people who've played the game since release aren't the best players, it's all strategy based, anything could happen in the middle of the game you seem to be winning suddenly turns into you getting your  kicked. Enjoy! P.S. This game does come at a cost, your social life.
game-hours: 2198.7
review: Really good game, addicted and still playing, dota is my life
game-hours: 23.6
review: Coming from a League of Legends noob, I can truly say it's been fun learning the mechanics of this game, and I'll probably play it more than going back to LoL. My friend claims I'm "betraying him" because he only plays League, but I hope he'll join me on the dark side sometime. ...Or should I say, the Dire side! :P
game-hours: 1385.3
review: Much pain, such fun. Wow.
game-hours: 637.0
review: If you like getting nerd raged at by 10 year olds that are actually worse than you at the game, GET THIS GAME.
game-hours: 687.0
review: the best of its genre...and they do not make you buy the heros
game-hours: 27.4
review: Awesome game great especially with friends. One note make sure you do all the tutorials before starting to play online, they are very helpful and will help you assimilate into the teamwork of the online gaming.
game-hours: 4031.4
review: very good game pls play
game-hours: 632.7
review: This game will slowly suck the joy and life out of you, corroding your body and spirit so absolutely that all that remains is a husk with a vocabulary limited to the words "noob" and "feeder". 10/10
game-hours: 555.0
review: Join game. Get wrecked. Cry self to sleep. And then try to do it again. I don't get it. This game definitely isn't bad, but oh god am I terrible.
game-hours: 764.3
review: it good
game-hours: 1639.4
review: a wonderful experience people are looking for..especially the Game freaks and the hungry :)
game-hours: 950.4
review: Never gets old, with more than 100 heroes you can choose. Think about the possiblities of the outcame game result
game-hours: 2269.3
review: DOTA 2 Rocckkzz \../
game-hours: 1153.8
review: 10/10 would bang but srsly its pretty gewd
game-hours: 1346.0
review: Awesome game for me..since dota 1 on warcraft III.
game-hours: 295.5
review: you can play . I love this game
game-hours: 628.5
review: Lol
game-hours: 379.0
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1013.0
review: Quite a good game.
game-hours: 11171.8
review: This is the best game I've ever played.
game-hours: 825.4
review: it is fun
game-hours: 1895.3
review: MY BEST GAME HHHHHHHWWOWOWOW
game-hours: 498.9
review: hello
game-hours: 799.1
review: Great game which has kept me entertained for years since the 1st DOTA
game-hours: 2155.6
review: very good lo damn it
game-hours: 1456.9
review: No matter how many games you have in your steam library, this is easily the most played game. Addictive & dynamic. Totally recommended for those who have an hour to spend and want to play a game with closure(provided that you win).
game-hours: 1231.2
review: No ther game can come close this. Dota2 has changed the face pf gaming forever. 10/10
game-hours: 926.8
review: Good Game Ever
game-hours: 1436.5
review: very addicting. best game ever!
game-hours: 4390.0
review: Superb tactical game :)
game-hours: 1685.0
review: great game, very balanced and not pay to win!
game-hours: 1505.9
review: Server - EU West / + / Language - English // Find Match =  ! Thats as far as the comunity goes but sometimes you can find normal people!,Otherwise a great game!
game-hours: 690.3
review: Best Game
game-hours: 1297.0
review: BOOOOOOOM!
game-hours: 4236.5
review: ya
game-hours: 769.4
review: 10/10 I learned how to speak russian in only 5 games
game-hours: 576.4
review: AWESOME
game-hours: 735.3
review: very fun to play :)
game-hours: 3876.4
review: It takes a lot of brains to play this game competitively.
game-hours: 1411.8
review: yes probably
game-hours: 467.9
review: Great moba game!
game-hours: 1735.8
review: Very entertaining game
game-hours: 1403.4
review: very very good game
game-hours: 708.8
review: Nc game
game-hours: 436.8
review: Greater game!
game-hours: 1072.7
review: .
game-hours: 1318.4
review: This game is so awesome,you can play it with your friends so try it out!!!!! :)
game-hours: 1367.7
review: Comment: Good Game, Enticing for those intrigued by tactics and decision making. Has a steep learning curve, however once over the initial bump the game sails smoothly. With over 500 Hours there is still so much to learn and understand regarding gameplay and dynamics. ____________________________________________________________________________________ Rating: 8.5/10 ____________________________________________________________________________________
game-hours: 4014.3
review: ok
game-hours: 736.4
review: Nice game
game-hours: 159.4
review: good
game-hours: 775.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 360.3
review: (Warning, useless review ahead.) All I can say is this is addicting. I am slowly becoming a fat nerdy guy.
game-hours: 2569.5
review: Best Game Ever to play with frnds
game-hours: 4330.0
review: High skill cap game with tons of actions
game-hours: 651.1
review: this review has been edited. ;D I think that Dota 2 is a splendid game, other than its considerably steep lurning curve when you're starting to play. But when you get past the "being called a noob" phase and then the "everyone else is a noob but me" its actually quite fun, because most often you are playing ranked or with some buddies, who are probably not noobs. I like this gam. Go play it
game-hours: 2121.5
review: One of the best game i've ever played............ Far better than any other online game out there.........
game-hours: 1117.2
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1354.1
review: Best anger management simulator ever. 10/10
game-hours: 331.3
review: It's like StarCraft, but with less headache. It's nothing like StarCraft. Through the process of living Dota 2, you're enlightened to the fact that all other video games are empty illusions meant to dull your senses to the odious reality of the perpetual war we wage on life. Dota 2 is not a video game in that sense. No, Dota 2 is a story about who you really are.
game-hours: 2988.8
review: Niceeee game
game-hours: 0.7
review: this game sucks
game-hours: 1759.6
review: best evahh!
game-hours: 1184.7
review: satu kata bwt game ini : KOMPOR GAS !
game-hours: 1816.9
review: Best MOBA In This World!
game-hours: 3310.9
review: YOLO!
game-hours: 2974.8
review: kojoi0
game-hours: 1788.3
review: This game is like tayne, cute.
game-hours: 680.9
review: Great game, i love this game <3
game-hours: 1454.7
review: bolje nego lol
game-hours: 1959.3
review: Yes. verri gudd geem
game-hours: 877.7
review: wew
game-hours: 1074.9
review: It was barable.
game-hours: 1342.0
review: Good game, Great Graphics. Well developed gameplay and game mechanics
game-hours: 94.4
review: One of the best game ...
game-hours: 27.3
review: This game was made from a dead rat in a box.
game-hours: 1408.7
review: Doto.
game-hours: 125.8
review: it is good an
game-hours: 2585.5
review: game never gets old, maybe that's the thing that came across my mind when i decide to review this game. Dota must be one of the best online game i've ever played in entire life. this game reach the next level of how you can combine yourself with others as also enhance your performance throughout the game! 5 stars of 5 stars for the 5 stars game.
game-hours: 4085.0
review: This game ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 936.0
review: I would recommend this game for anyone that has patience. Dota 2 requires a large time investment to get fully into the game, not to mention matches take your entire attention to pull your team to victory. After playing Dota 1 for quite some time, I am happy to have moved on to the second installment. I do not like how the community is in game though. There is no need for name calling and intentional griefing which probably is due to the mental development of the team itself. Unless you have a full party of 5 people, this game should be played with a grain of salt.
game-hours: 665.4
review: =(
game-hours: 519.4
review: Joo je to fajn hra :)
game-hours: 1224.7
review: I don't even know which option to choose for this review, that I recommend this game or not. Seriously, this game cost me my life, my girlfriend that never existed, and step by step it will cost me my job. So if you don't have a life, I highly recommend this game for you, if you actually have a life, don't even try to think about downloading this game, you'll lost everything for FREE. As for myself, this game bring out a horrible side of me that I never knew it existed. And of course, not much of a friendly community, but this game is very fun and too much addictive.
game-hours: 1.1
review: It's like Rosetta Stone, but with only Russian and people yelling at you. 10/10
game-hours: 1854.0
review: AWSOME BEST GAME EVER !!!!!!
game-hours: 739.3
review: best game in the whole world!!!!!
game-hours: 3658.3
review: The best game if you are going to be a professional player
game-hours: 2995.6
review: its not a game its a way of life..either you dota or you dont Kappa
game-hours: 706.5
review: very good !!!
game-hours: 91.5
review: Just for steam experience :)
game-hours: 382.5
review: Learning curve is very steep but the game is brilliant! I'm in love with DotA 2 XD
game-hours: 560.8
review: got reported 10/10
game-hours: 1814.5
review: (y)
game-hours: 1195.4
review: awful
game-hours: 1789.4
review: sadasdasdasd
game-hours: 1205.6
review: kindly of.. mixed emotion.. sometimes is really funny and exciting, but sometimes it's really sucks
game-hours: 1620.4
review: better than lol
game-hours: 2091.5
review: Ozh zomfa sah game. Ahm' rast, ahm' easy ensh. :D
game-hours: 1088.6
review: LGMiek
game-hours: 2449.5
review: gj
game-hours: 1647.0
review: good game
game-hours: 350.6
review: i dont know.this wasnt my expertise but i guess lets bring it on and take this challenge ;)
game-hours: 466.8
review: coooll
game-hours: 4.2
review: Used to play DOTA on WC3 a lot so I was intrigued when DOTA 2 came out on steam. Tried it and it still feels the same as i did with a few upgrades.
game-hours: 834.9
review: i recommend this game
game-hours: 410.9
review: nice and amazing
game-hours: 2260.0
review: addicted, free, never stop learning...
game-hours: 1084.2
review: Good to download, free to play amazing moba game! Good job Valve!
game-hours: 1413.2
review: Mad game yo
game-hours: 2298.8
review: All know this game DotA2 Best Free To Play Games on Steam! U should try this!
game-hours: 398.1
review: Awesome game.....
game-hours: 3065.7
review: Good game.
game-hours: 811.6
review: addictive game:)
game-hours: 269.0
review: :)
game-hours: 7694.6
review: Very nice game
game-hours: 1546.7
review: ed my entire life!! awesome game
game-hours: 66.3
review: This game really brings out your own imagination on how you think and react and what you want to do, Limitless possibilities is one of the few things games have these days especially Online gaming, I never was a big DOTA fan but after I got to play around a bit after being pushed in to it with friends i found out that it truly is something that attracts the mind, It is like a dopamine is released into the brain and you want to come back for more, The game and detail along with it being a Free-to-play game really takes my fancy, I would recommend this game to any person who likes a challenge, someone who likes to explore his imagination and to be competitive to rise and see how good you can get at something, Valve really outdone themselves on this one. Good job guys.
game-hours: 164.5
review: iz very good game , i give you eggroll now ?
game-hours: 1090.2
review: Epic Game
game-hours: 21.7
review: im good player at dota 2, im have 0;22 on pudge, im hating ers and love men<3, but no one care because i have no friends. P.S shotout to Dendi
game-hours: 2648.2
review: asd
game-hours: 84.2
review: This game is fun, but just not made for me. The mechanics are amazing and the gameplay is good, but just not made for me. I only play this when I am bored or when friends ask for my help, but otherwise I won't. I want to be able to lead an army into victory, not just one hero into death. But, even though I don't like it, it is a really fun game and I recommend it to all that like single-hero strategy games. With a lot of heroes and even more different skills you will have hours of playtime before you even know half of it. Just look at me, nearly 90 hours of in-game time and I only know how to use three heroes (out of lots). This game is certainly amazing and big. The only thing I really don't like is that there only is one map. I want to be able to play on different maps, with different tactics, but nope, only one map. Still a good game, even if you don't pay anything. Talking about paying, for as far as I know you can get anything without paying, it will only take a little longer because you need luck with the drops, but further one you can use the steam marketplace to trade your unused items for money and buy better items from it. So still, why won't I play it? Because it is not my type of game. No other reason.
game-hours: 2122.9
review: Best language teacher, learned russian and spanish by just playing this game. Currently learning chinese, best language teaching game ( better than that  rossetta stone, this one is free).
game-hours: 1397.5
review: Best game of all time! 900h+ oh my god!
game-hours: 719.3
review: its so funny
game-hours: 2229.7
review: best moba so far
game-hours: 690.4
review: chava game
game-hours: 17.2
review: Dota 2 is a F2P game that is like League of Legends but the Steam version. It's one hecka cool game because you can do 1v1 and you can vs your friend and you vs them. It's a fun game and very addictive. Although i've spent a little bit of time on it, it's still better than League Of Legends and CoD. 9.5/10
game-hours: 748.9
review: very good .i like playing this game.
game-hours: 2519.2
review: Best Online Game :3
game-hours: 4993.4
review: amazing games, i play dota 1 and 2 , and anymore games, but this is games, make me , like i make drugs :D
game-hours: 1847.7
review: good game :)
game-hours: 1315.1
review: very good
game-hours: 1188.5
review: I'm lost with my favourite hero ;(
game-hours: 463.0
review: zawmyooo321
game-hours: 500.0
review: Good Game PLAYER!!
game-hours: 572.0
review: i love dota , i even teach my girlfriend to play it , i love the inteference , the gameplay and olso meet other`s great player despite some of them still lack of manner but still , i love this game , never ending love without a glitch of boredom . keep updating the hero , pull somemore char or make a new one to keep ppl attached to this game DOTA 2 IS THE BEST . thank you steam , thank you Valve . and lastly thank you Icefrog !~
game-hours: 1777.6
review: Started out playing DotA on the old WC3 engine and I played that for 7+ years before I shifted into Dota 2 with the beta. Dota 2 offers much more than the original WC3 version in terms of graphics and gameplay, as the old engine's hero and skill interactions were hampered by limitations (DotA Allstars was just a custom map). Cosmetics, tournaments, and streaming are all seamlessly integrated; and are constantly being improved at the behest of the community. The game is a bit hard to get into at first, but after you have the basics down, you'll play for an innumerable amount of time. Adding friends into the mix for crazy strategies and plays increases the replayability and enjoyment of the game to another level. One of the best games. EVER.
game-hours: 1774.2
review: getting mad simulator
game-hours: 1731.6
review: Awesome Game! If you tried it once and you dont like it, go home your drunk! If you like it and never played it before, play the Tutorial, play alone vs bots, play with players vs bots and when you have played a few hours then try normal matchmaking. AND ALWAYS KEEP IN MIND, STAY AWAY FROM THESE RUSSIANS....
game-hours: 2054.8
review: Ruined my life. Good job Valve.
game-hours: 771.4
review: You will keep hearing people speaking with open mic in a foreign language to themselves, they will insult you in their language and say things about your mom. 10/10 it's like a mexican soap opera.
game-hours: 2403.4
review: this game reminds me of the endless hours spent playing dark alliance and is probably the best strategic game i have come by. i beleive i will never find this game borring due to the large margin of improvment recuired to play well leaving room to always become better. too top off the game its freaking free so lets play some dota!
game-hours: 911.3
review: This game will take over your life, destroy your friendships, ruin your job and drain all your money. Aside from that it's great fun!
game-hours: 897.3
review: It's good :)
game-hours: 743.4
review: nice game :)
game-hours: 1207.3
review: ggwp
game-hours: 557.9
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 323.5
review: Soo awesome!
game-hours: 1610.7
review: 1-, 2-!
game-hours: 2326.4
review: Awesome. Simple enough.
game-hours: 1731.5
review: what am i doing with my life
game-hours: 3125.2
review: i like this game
game-hours: 990.5
review: good game well play
game-hours: 131.5
review: It steals my time.
game-hours: 2764.6
review: Best game ever?
game-hours: 0.1
review: THIS GAME IS SO ING  BECAUSE YOU CAN ONLY USE YOUR ING MOUSE THIS IS EVEN WORSE THAN GOD DAMN WOLRD OF WARCRAFT AND THAT GAME IS SO  BECAUSE THIS GAME IS THE PRODUCT OF EVERY FAILED MMO THAT HAS EVER BEEN MADE, I CANT EVEN GET IT OUT OF MY LIBRARY BECAUSE I DONT WANT TO SEE THIS ING DISSAPOINTMENT OF A GAME IN MY LIBRARY.
game-hours: 247.4
review: amazing games
game-hours: 285.5
review: Love it
game-hours: 1037.3
review: gl hf
game-hours: 864.0
review: good
game-hours: 1072.7
review: It's an amazing game - technically outstanding, showing all of Valve's usual polish and attention to detail, especially in the all-important multiplayer aspects. The continual balance tweaks and new heroes combined with the vast amount of content in the game offer countless hours of enjoyment. It's hard to master but good wins with your teammates are incredibly satisfying. It took me a long time to warm up to, but I'm helplessly addicted and every day look forward to getting home to fire this up with my friends. If you can spare the time - play it.
game-hours: 802.9
review: I've always played it since wc3 ~5.80 nothing else to describe.
game-hours: 3248.1
review: Very goood MOBA game betetr than league
game-hours: 1245.0
review: Best moba I've ever played, ruined by broken matchmaking and absence of different game modes. + Amazing visuals + Very smooth gameplay + Item drops + Great hero designs. + Hardcore team play. - Outright broken matchmaking system will drive you nuts. - There is only one map, one game mode. There are some different hero-picking drafts thats all. - The worst community ever. Very toxic, there is at least one troll, feeder or leaver in every match. - Sometimes too punishing, and so damn less rewarding. - Very addicting. Give it a try if you didn't already, but don't let it get to you, it will drain your sanity away. 6/10 Edit: Get back to check the game out, see if anything changed. Nope. And I just realised that the developers are as lasy as ****. Community is doing all the work and developers get to lay down and get rich for not releasing any content update.
game-hours: 3228.4
review: DOTO !! FTW
game-hours: 172.9
review: totally...worth playing :D
game-hours: 521.9
review: (y)
game-hours: 288.7
review: nice
game-hours: 579.9
review: I love the game, just wish the language barriers would disappear. It's very frustrating to play with players that speak a different language than you when you queued for "English, US East"
game-hours: 514.2
review: pretty shity game 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 2746.2
review: - ,
game-hours: 2478.6
review: I love this
game-hours: 2424.7
review: ggwp
game-hours: 541.7
review: i am pro
game-hours: 2550.1
review: Dota 2 is a sequel to the Defense of the Ancients (DotA) Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos and Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne mod., Developed by Valve Corporation, Designed by none other than IceFrog and distributed by Steam. I was a DotA player previously and shifted to DOTA 2 just before the The International Dota 2 Chamionship 2012, after I got beta invite from Steam. DotA players will love Dota 2 because of IceFrog and his concept and designs and its very similar to DotA but with added attractions and customization. If you have played DotA in your past you can very well know what the game is all about, but if you haven't, don't worry, DOTA 2 has got your back. You get training and how to play and all you need to know In-Game. Its a free to play game, but I think its about time to change that and make people buy this game just because its worth buying. So, what are you thinking? Just download the game and start playing. Make friends and teams online or ask your friends to join alongside yourself. Just Remmeber : Every player you come across in game is there to have fun and enjoy the game like yourself. So, please keep the gaming spirit alive and don't forget to enjoy and have fun. Hope you guys like my review and start playing this game soon. See you all in game.
game-hours: 1378.4
review: best way to make someone rage if ur good
game-hours: 1055.6
review: This game taught me how to cut down and eat trees 10/10
game-hours: 517.3
review: game is like crack
game-hours: 317.7
review: the game is awesome no comment
game-hours: 2022.5
review: nice !!!
game-hours: 1585.9
review: the best game ever
game-hours: 332.6
review: I love this game :D
game-hours: 1418.0
review: I fed.
game-hours: 1480.4
review: This is a very awesome game.
game-hours: 1077.9
review: Great moba game
game-hours: 1047.1
review: I haven't had fun playing this game in 2 years
game-hours: 6511.9
review: You play this game or you go back to LoL with the noobs :)
game-hours: 32.8
review: I LOVE IT LOL
game-hours: 2678.2
review: gg
game-hours: 1107.6
review: I like DotA because of his heroes is nice and I like strategy with teamwork game.
game-hours: 1888.8
review: People who aren't from North America that queue on either US East or US West, regardless of skill level, need to be permanently banned from playing on those servers.
game-hours: 1885.9
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 3006.5
review: goood gameeeee
game-hours: 3.8
review: cool game i love the dire side
game-hours: 198.5
review: not fair , but still its good
game-hours: 934.0
review: This game is my mermory :D
game-hours: 632.6
review: a
game-hours: 309.6
review: Very good game
game-hours: 2336.8
review: Stop playing LoL and play this ya bad.
game-hours: 11.9
review: Dota is love, Dota is life.
game-hours: 1509.3
review: Dota 2 is a fun, strategy game that some may find hard, or boring. Out of other MOBA's Dota delivers, but only after you've learned the game. For new players, the tutorial doesn't teach much and may actually confuse you. If you have friends that also play, it will make game more fun, as there a many different game styles.
game-hours: 805.6
review: This is a very good strategy Game. Must Play this game!! Highly recommended!! :))
game-hours: 839.2
review: Its Awesome & Addicting.Loving It
game-hours: 1822.6
review: gg
game-hours: 4697.0
review: This game makes me want to rip my hair out
game-hours: 2063.0
review: have fun being !
game-hours: 3811.7
review: this game can literally go  itself, 10/10
game-hours: 2423.1
review: Da best game ever !! Anyone suggest me free games please ~~~
game-hours: 515.4
review: 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 3222.0
review: I have played dota 1 & dota 2 since 2006 and still playing. This game ruin my life as I am completely addicted to this game.
game-hours: 1814.9
review: A very good game
game-hours: 4005.7
review: THIS GAME! :D It makes friends mad at each other and people can't speak english on english servers. Best game though. Game of the year, ALL YEARS! Still  though.
game-hours: 129.1
review: I think this game is fun for those who want to play an rpg, strategic game.
game-hours: 161.4
review: great
game-hours: 286.0
review: Dota 2 is the best drug you'll ever take
game-hours: 1404.3
review: Really Good and Active game for teamwork sometimes
game-hours: 399.6
review: nice game, juz ultra competitive and unfriendly community
game-hours: 1876.9
review: Dota 2 is the best game i ever played in my life. The taught me so much. Like patience, teamwork, never give up, think creative and so on. I recommend this game to be played by every people in the world. This game so much fun and sometimes it cannot be describe by words. u need to try by urself. :)
game-hours: 485.4
review: good
game-hours: 2081.4
review: Nice game but plz give me good sever
game-hours: 1551.5
review: GLHF
game-hours: 401.5
review: This game really takes my time and emotions! Cant live without it like cant live without .
game-hours: 1893.6
review: Dota 2 is very good game that you must try playing! Enjoy!
game-hours: 1954.9
review: Ward Dust Gank!
game-hours: 2540.8
review: this game is for noobs !
game-hours: 216.8
review: great game. 10/10. Must play
game-hours: 2154.5
review: fick this game pis of sheet
game-hours: 586.5
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 3348.5
review: One Of the best mmo stratagy game ever made.
game-hours: 1370.3
review: GUD
game-hours: 908.4
review: DOTA2 is for those who dont mind wasting time in front of a computer. Just look at most of the people who wrote reviews for this game. Most of them have more than 1000 hours in record XD
game-hours: 174.9
review: nice volvo, nice...
game-hours: 2606.8
review: If you have the patience to learn the game it can be fun. Be prepared to lose regardless of skill because some games are not winnable. Better with friends.
game-hours: 1301.2
review: niec eniceasdasd
game-hours: 1530.8
review: GREAT GAME MAN
game-hours: 3988.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 931.2
review: I've played strategies mostly. MOBA is a different type of game, where you have less to worry about but you have other people to worry for, and coordinate with them. In RTS games you are in control of everything and your opponent is in in control of everything. But here, you have to worry about 4 teammates and 5 opponents. What I like about is is the wide range of heroes to choose and the various ways you can play them, which makes the possibilities limitless. Unlike LoL which I have played for a bit, the graphics are less cartoony and the game rewards skill (denying and not feeding) and punishes you for bad play (enemies snowballing, losing towers, feeding etc.) The only thing I don't like are games taking 40 minutes on average. An sc2 game would take 15-30 mins.
game-hours: 2141.8
review: At first this game is challenging but when you get good taste of it you will get better faster
game-hours: 1906.8
review: best game ever!
game-hours: 981.1
review: If you value your time, don't play this game.
game-hours: 677.3
review: :)
game-hours: 1264.8
review: With the TI4's prize pool reaching 10 million dollars, there's no reason to not play this game..
game-hours: 771.7
review: best game ever :D
game-hours: 2818.9
review: pls add me
game-hours: 1967.8
review: XEKE DOTA OYNAMAH BILSEM...
game-hours: 3473.1
review: WHY THE  DID I SPEND SO MUCH ING TIME ON THIS ING GAME!? I COULD'VE BEEN SOMETHING, MAN! THE WORLD WAS MY OYSTER, AND I PISSED IT ALL AWAY BY PLAYING THIS ING GAME. WHAT THE . Great game 10/10
game-hours: 2743.2
review: its cool <3
game-hours: 447.8
review: Awesome game. Really tests your RTS skills. I recommend it to anyone that loves a good RTS competition.
game-hours: 529.3
review: Excellent team work developer game, but needs lots of patience.I would only recommend it
game-hours: 925.1
review: hoamz
game-hours: 1849.5
review: very good
game-hours: 880.5
review: good game
game-hours: 1792.7
review: Amo este juego <3
game-hours: 1919.6
review: do you like russians? because you wont after you've played this game. on another note, this game is awesome.
game-hours: 907.0
review: Most beautifull game!
game-hours: 289.5
review: Hard!
game-hours: 855.0
review: Does anyone actually live in Russia ?
game-hours: 690.7
review: i demand trial by combat
game-hours: 1972.1
review: By far the game that I have happily spent most time on, definitely recommend!
game-hours: 34.4
review: Just great game :D Got so hooked up on it !
game-hours: 1087.3
review: great game....
game-hours: 747.0
review: good game
game-hours: 918.4
review: nice
game-hours: 399.8
review: is good game. avoid russians.
game-hours: 1409.8
review: some people take too seriously chill it just a game have fun
game-hours: 610.4
review: XAXAXAXAXAXAXAXA CHEEKI BREEKI
game-hours: 2582.4
review: Ruined my life. Told my friends. It ruined their life too. 10/10 Would ruin again. Most realistic Russia simulator. Vodka out of 10 Hours of fun, all you have to do is select in which Russia you want to play today! IN MOTHER RUSSIA B MEANS PUSH Report Player Simulator 2014
game-hours: 3605.4
review: awesome game!!! great gameplay really hard and u will never never will stop having fun!
game-hours: 2075.3
review: this game very good for gamer like me
game-hours: 1867.0
review: SUPER DUPPER FUN !~
game-hours: 1308.9
review: epic
game-hours: 1422.8
review: Tiny <3
game-hours: 601.6
review: fun and addictive.. very very addictive ! thank you Icefrog & Steam for creating such awesome and great game !!!
game-hours: 1824.9
review: i lv dota 2
game-hours: 1641.9
review: This is obviously the best game of the century... 11/10
game-hours: 3977.8
review: DOTO
game-hours: 1349.9
review: Better than lOl
game-hours: 2419.7
review: The best game!
game-hours: 603.8
review: so good for turney
game-hours: 284.7
review: Dota is a game of karma, if you crap on them, they crap back
game-hours: 2200.6
review: xd
game-hours: 608.5
review: Best game in Steam community <3
game-hours: 1166.7
review: you may have thousands of games in your steam library, but you will end up playing dota 2 for HOURS!
game-hours: 657.2
review: Very Good Game
game-hours: 612.8
review: GG but rly it was bg
game-hours: 999.3
review: Amazing game. Have played this over multiple accounts over the past 3 years and have enjoyed most of my time with it. The only thing i am constantly distressed over is the fact that you'll get matched up with some pretty rude and sometimes awful people in ranked matchmaking, forcing your MMR to descend...
game-hours: 516.7
review: good strategy game 9/10
game-hours: 1183.0
review: absolutely highly recommended to all my friends
game-hours: 724.2
review: It's a lot of fun once you get in to it, at least give it a shot. It's free!
game-hours: 961.6
review: best game ever, for free time
game-hours: 2197.4
review: dota dlya zadrota
game-hours: 877.7
review: amazing
game-hours: 1.1
review: Great, but complicated game:)
game-hours: 2273.1
review: HI EVERY ONE
game-hours: 1086.0
review: GG WP Game :3
game-hours: 2374.2
review: Best MOBA !!!
game-hours: 2906.8
review: Ruined my life. 11/10
game-hours: 2423.9
review: very nise
game-hours: 1606.2
review: awesome and very addictive game............
game-hours: 552.3
review: best MOBA game eu
game-hours: 642.8
review: ,
game-hours: 234.4
review: I used to play DotA. I still do, but I used to, too.
game-hours: 1551.4
review: So beautiful game
game-hours: 150.1
review: Awesome game :D!
game-hours: 187.9
review: Bombiges Gangstah Game !
game-hours: 487.2
review: Trolling never felt any beter than in here
game-hours: 971.2
review: what I like most is the graphics and the effects which made the game more interesting to play. what I dislike is the items that they are selling that are only limited to selected countries which is quiet unfair to other countries. However over all I would recommend others to play the game since it is a great game and very entertaining
game-hours: 477.2
review: "Makes your mind insane"
game-hours: 405.3
review: great game!!!
game-hours: 1294.4
review: id r8 8/8 m8
game-hours: 1140.6
review: nice
game-hours: 1598.2
review: dota 2 is awesome <3
game-hours: 485.7
review: Dota 2-     . Dota        Warcraft 3.   Blizzard         .       Warcraft 3    Dota.   .            Dota. Dota       Blizzard.       Dota 2.           . Valve.   Dota 2  Valve      . 2011  16   BetaTest Dota 2.  .  .       Dota.        .   2013    Dota 2(      2013 ). Dota 2         .           .    .
game-hours: 4180.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 1723.3
review: Just the best moba you will ever play!!!
game-hours: 2618.5
review: Dota 2 Forever!!!
game-hours: 2061.2
review: I would say that it is one of the best Free2play games on the gaming scene. And that is why I highly recommend that you please try. :)
game-hours: 2097.9
review: WOW
game-hours: 3525.5
review: awesome
game-hours: 2303.2
review: good game
game-hours: 105.6
review: Carlton approves.
game-hours: 1203.3
review: if you dont like this you have -legit no life -not into this game -just being those annoying haters -or just play league of
game-hours: 527.3
review: GREAT
game-hours: 1677.8
review: good game ever
game-hours: 2147.7
review: Entertaining game if you don't have to worry about russians ruining your game
game-hours: 822.6
review: asdfasfasd
game-hours: 1019.0
review: There is no better ARTS game
game-hours: 1225.9
review: cant stop play this game ^^
game-hours: 1474.6
review: Causes anxiety problems, low self esteem, Tourette's syndrome, mood swings, Bipolar disorder, breakdown of relationships, raging erections, racism. Would definitely recommend.
game-hours: 722.9
review: Intense once you learn it, awesome to play with a group of friends. VERY competitive!
game-hours: 1502.7
review: Awesome game, with great support from Valve. it is a REAL Free to Play game that has the production value of a full priced title, the gameplay is very deep and with it comes a somewhat steep learning curve but the matchmaking makes it quite ok (you play against people about your own skill level) Esports side is very well integrated and a blast to watch whether or not you play the game!
game-hours: 2491.0
review: Gute.
game-hours: 436.4
review: Fun. Exciting. Challenging. Perfect for those who enjoy hardcore games.
game-hours: 131.9
review: I LIKE THIS GAME!
game-hours: 32.7
review: Mid or Feed:))
game-hours: 371.3
review: lets play
game-hours: 1481.3
review: Best RTS game ever, LoL now has most players but i think DotA will do in the future.
game-hours: 1601.4
review: dis gaem is gud
game-hours: 1989.9
review: Thanks for the Free to play.. I really enjoy Dota 2 :)
game-hours: 5200.4
review: If you're ready for some of the worst MM in the world you've come to the right place. Why doesn't Valve region lock? The World may never know.
game-hours: 1568.6
review: GG
game-hours: 1069.5
review: nice game ever! i really enjoyed this game.. but sometimes the bugs was very annoyeing fix it pls
game-hours: 506.7
review: if u dont play dota ur dum
game-hours: 1459.6
review: Best Game Ever!!!
game-hours: 875.3
review: Best Game EVER !!!
game-hours: 39.6
review: epic game
game-hours: 1482.1
review: nice game play and lot easier than the classic dota 1.. lot of options for easier game play..
game-hours: 934.8
review: Cool Game Dude :3
game-hours: 2074.6
review: i like 'it DOTA 2
game-hours: 2620.9
review: It's juggling coals while chewing on candy floss. It's fencing with a midget who's actually really good at fencing. You've got a reach advantage, but he'll punish you for every mistake. It's transporting a house of cards from one end of the room to the other, all the while building it higher and higher. It's Dota, dude.
game-hours: 2220.6
review: Jogo muito bom se voce conseguir evitar jogar com henotodoto no seu time.
game-hours: 16.7
review: I cant explain how flipping amazing this game is - it's an absolute MUST for all gamers!
game-hours: 750.9
review: 2
game-hours: 1932.6
review: Preciso falar alguma coisa?
game-hours: 411.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 2650.9
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 901.1
review: If youre looking for a reason to commit time to Dota 2  if youre actually reading this review for advice and a critical opinion, rather than to see what score Im going to give the most popular game on Steam  then, first up, thanks for being here. Second, I want you to consider what it means when two grown men accidentally lather each other in regenerative goop. Its gamings equivalent of holding a door open for somebody who is already reaching to hold the door open for you: a synchronicity of kindness that speaks to a deeper shared understanding of the situation both people are in. Dota is a game where you can say the words are you thinking what Im thinking? and be reliably assured that the person on the other end of your VoIP connection actually is. It might have the systems and bearing of a videogame, but Dota shares the social impetus of a sport. Its single environment isnt a map, its a pitch.
game-hours: 2529.8
review: ^ Just look at my recorded time, it says everything. :)
game-hours: 2363.4
review: SUCH A GOOD GAAMMEEE!!!!!!
game-hours: 1653.6
review: Good Game.
game-hours: 0.5
review: Lots of fun!
game-hours: 2467.1
review: i love this game .. as much as i love anything else .. you will enjoy it only if you play with your teammates
game-hours: 1762.5
review: This game is awsome
game-hours: 1331.1
review: i have fallen inlove with this gamee.. lol
game-hours: 588.0
review: Must get all 100 characters are unlocked and the game is ing amazing look at the hours that people have played this game for must get
game-hours: 16.9
review: Cool
game-hours: 175.6
review: Best thing you can do on your pc. Best game out there on the Free to Play Market <3
game-hours: 1083.1
review: Chopped a flying donkey, instantly killed it. There was blood everywhere. 10/10.
game-hours: 382.4
review: Latest version for OSX crashes.
game-hours: 12.3
review: Enjoyable, but its not LoL
game-hours: 1142.6
review: The best on-line game i ever played!
game-hours: 1040.0
review: Very interesting game..
game-hours: 882.1
review: I liked the graphics and effect.
game-hours: 1091.2
review: Good game. I have a job when i was not playing dota 2. Now it ruined my life. 3 years of playing and still no arcana or good item loots
game-hours: 467.0
review: All you gotta do is right click
game-hours: 2460.0
review: gg
game-hours: 330.8
review: The Best Game ever !!! No game can surpass Dota 2.
game-hours: 659.6
review: dota 2 is the best...
game-hours: 2053.2
review: This is My Game !
game-hours: 3486.4
review: Best game ever 10/10
game-hours: 9.5
review: I played for bit, it looked beutiful and everyting. This game just wasn't my style but would definely play if I gotten into it before I got into LoL
game-hours: 11398.6
review: Great MOBA, much better than any others out there, just need to dedicate some time and learn the basics! Feel free to ask me any questions or for tips!
game-hours: 1047.2
review: This game is awesome. Enjoy more by playing it with your friends.
game-hours: 308.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 541.2
review: beutifulll game
game-hours: 2611.6
review: awesome game
game-hours: 1314.5
review: like
game-hours: 1575.0
review: good game
game-hours: 1440.4
review: This game will simultaneously improve and ruin your life, don't get but actually do get it
game-hours: 979.2
review: what i like about this game is we have multiple options in building items and the graphics are so real. i also recommend others to try and play
game-hours: 2081.5
review: flight of the valkyrieflight of the valkyrieflight of the valkyrieflight of the valkyrieflight of the valkyrieflight of the valkyrieflight of the valkyrieflight of the valkyrieflight of the valkyrieflight of the valkyrieflight of the valkyrieflight of the valkyrieflight of the valkyrieflight of the valkyrieflight of the valkyrieflight of the valkyrieflight of the valkyrieflight of the valkyrieflight of the valkyrie
game-hours: 884.9
review: Best strategy game and team game ever.
game-hours: 449.3
review: This MOBA game is awesome.. allows users to make their own ideas and make profit from them..
game-hours: 426.2
review: AOS
game-hours: 21.1
review: $$$$$
game-hours: 1370.2
review: that greet game ever i see in
game-hours: 777.5
review: SO ING FUN! NEVER GET BORED OF THIS, NOT IN IT FOR THE MONEY GAME. Thx Valve
game-hours: 812.5
review: review :)
game-hours: 1134.3
review: This an awesome game!!!
game-hours: 2257.0
review: not bad
game-hours: 1803.2
review: nice guide
game-hours: 627.2
review: Stress, Amnesia, Sleep loss, money loss (In-gane items nearless object etc, will be damaged) might be some of the side effect but the thrill of killing winning Rampaging makes up for it 10/10 boiiiii
game-hours: 46.7
review: Dayuum!!!
game-hours: 10.8
review: Ran into a Russian dude named Pepe and got reported for not speaking the same language. 10/10
game-hours: 799.4
review: GoodGame
game-hours: 871.5
review: ggwp
game-hours: 1061.3
review: This game has ruined my social life and career. Why is this game so addicting?!
game-hours: 1199.2
review: This will be the best moba in the world forever. Stick to the classics.
game-hours: 12.1
review: 2 GIRLEs or DOTA 2... I answer: DOTA 2
game-hours: 1026.3
review: Game All Year Time
game-hours: 847.3
review: epic game
game-hours: 2399.2
review: This game is really awesome ITEMS LEVELING COMMUNITY great indeed
game-hours: 559.1
review: Great game
game-hours: 1639.3
review: cool
game-hours: 1445.8
review: this good
game-hours: 250.4
review: Newbee vs VG
game-hours: 1189.5
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 2093.3
review: fav game .
game-hours: 43.8
review: This is the worst League of Legends skin I have ever used.
game-hours: 270.3
review: GG
game-hours: 417.9
review: really good game
game-hours: 5351.6
review: You are a one flower human being? You think people are good and the civilization has a bright future. Meet Dota. The empire of idiots and lords of jackass. Welcome!
game-hours: 2439.0
review: IF THIS GAME IS WILL BE RATED 100/100
game-hours: 850.3
review: _)
game-hours: 3.8
review: AMAZING GAME
game-hours: 2336.1
review: Dota 2 is the upgrade of the Dota 1, but was completely remade causing the previous appears tetris.
game-hours: 3028.7
review: way better then lol and hon... just play it. still waiting, go play it. NOW
game-hours: 945.6
review: Totaly awosome...
game-hours: 917.1
review: nice
game-hours: 2848.5
review: its good
game-hours: 2200.4
review: Hard and challenging, always something to learn and it never gets boring. Currently my favourite game ever.
game-hours: 2038.4
review: If there were a better way to waste my dosh on hats and waste 500 hours of my life, then it would be TF2. But that's not what I'm reviewing. This game is fun, the learning curve is beautiful, but I want to kick the russians and awful players in the ing teeth. HOWEVER, the amount of fun I've had makes me look past that. 10/10
game-hours: 1354.4
review: 1000 differen't aspects to this game to master. All about stradegy using abilities, items, and techniques. There are over 100 different hero's all with unique spells and abilities. This game however is all about taking your oppnenent's ancient while working with your teamates. Not the easiest game to learn by far but once you get warmed up it's all your going to want to play 10/10
game-hours: 1896.7
review: Best game ever. Nuff said
game-hours: 2245.1
review: GG
game-hours: 789.2
review: LOVE THIS
game-hours: 1160.0
review: CooL!!
game-hours: 1609.5
review: good
game-hours: 1891.8
review: Nice Game Too Much Fun And I Love This Game Very Much.
game-hours: 836.1
review: nice
game-hours: 0.5
review: :D
game-hours: 521.5
review: awesome people and community
game-hours: 690.3
review: Good time killing.
game-hours: 1510.4
review: One of the best game I've ever played... U'll never get bored of playing even though it's the same map every time, u'll get different taste in every single match~
game-hours: 909.8
review: dota....
game-hours: 1556.9
review: Best game on steam!
game-hours: 2104.8
review: really good game for hours of playing.
game-hours: 3140.5
review: Wanna forget what outside looks like play this game the only time you will mention outside will be saying you will never go outside waste your hours as i have 10/10
game-hours: 2097.2
review: what a good game
game-hours: 1467.2
review: cool game
game-hours: 1504.7
review: its a good game
game-hours: 42.4
review: Is nice yes
game-hours: 929.8
review: Totaly fun and awesome!
game-hours: 2566.8
review: Best GAME ever,
game-hours: 893.7
review: This game is hella hella. Hella fun with friends.
game-hours: 990.4
review: so much fun you can get addicted to it saw it before....
game-hours: 273.2
review: yes
game-hours: 0.1
review: for gai koreans and filthy chinamen
game-hours: 3436.5
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 74.7
review: oh my god guys . best game ever . better play this  :))))
game-hours: 1563.0
review: ....
game-hours: 2417.1
review: i love this game!
game-hours: 975.5
review: I recommend this game 100%. The best of all steam.
game-hours: 3.5
review: nice very nice
game-hours: 140.7
review: Nice game ever
game-hours: 1041.8
review: Nice game
game-hours: 391.6
review: The best MOBA ever. :)
game-hours: 341.7
review: If you think LoL got a afk problem you aint sen nothing yet
game-hours: 954.6
review: This game is AWESOME!
game-hours: 2191.7
review: a GAME that bring an awesomnes
game-hours: 568.8
review: This game is amazing for people who want a community based game, and enjoy a bit of challenge. Even if you are new to mobas definitely give this on a try because it doesn't disappoint.
game-hours: 360.6
review: Try it after a few games and guides. Contragulations, Volvo now owns your life...!
game-hours: 2104.0
review: VERY ADDICTING AND AWESOME!!!!
game-hours: 644.7
review: im the one
game-hours: 2706.4
review: extremely amazing game
game-hours: 1486.2
review: Zzz
game-hours: 500.8
review: good
game-hours: 590.5
review: !
game-hours: 727.8
review: <3
game-hours: 2178.4
review: just try it
game-hours: 3884.6
review: Best way to become (and meet) a heartless and cruel individual who enjoys inflicting suffering upon others, specially if they are less skilled and experienced. In addition murdering innocent by-standers as well as trees seems to be the trend, while flaming teammates or opponents is another popular culture in the game. But at the end of it all this game is all about channeling your innner hatred and getting all your frustration out on those who dares to press the "Find Match" button in around the same time as you. All in all excellent gaming experience and obviously the best use of your time.
game-hours: 981.4
review: give a great support to this game!
game-hours: 594.6
review: good
game-hours: 513.0
review: Nice game
game-hours: 629.5
review: This game is Awesome! \m/
game-hours: 76.7
review: good communty in-game ever
game-hours: 1098.3
review: Rules and Guidelines is best for beginners.
game-hours: 802.0
review: to be a good player
game-hours: 650.2
review: GG
game-hours: 1690.1
review: i very like this type of game
game-hours: 730.7
review: same map different match 10/10
game-hours: 737.0
review: Fight until the end...
game-hours: 1511.5
review: this my bad :(
game-hours: 678.1
review: This game is a cancerous demon spawn that grips onto you like an overly excited male dog, once its got hold of you you are never going to want to leave your house again, say goodbye to any sort of social life, and if you're a virgin, goodluck. You'll slowly become be a narcissistic , with a passion for racism towards any sort of non english speaking person. Other then that it serves as a wonderful way to learn several different languages, including Russian, russian, russian.. 10/10 recommend for everyone and their nan.
game-hours: 2476.2
review: Good Game~~
game-hours: 2247.9
review: Good Game
game-hours: 3108.9
review: a
game-hours: 274.0
review: SOO COOL GAME
game-hours: 1178.4
review: Nice stratergy Game
game-hours: 3101.0
review: A game can make u addicted XD
game-hours: 172.1
review: This game is really fun once you get decent at it. Although unforgiving at times, it had me hooked and playing for hours!
game-hours: 534.7
review: I havent seen my family or friends in 2 years. 10/10
game-hours: 10.2
review: I LOVE DOTA 2
game-hours: 3513.1
review: Great game addicting
game-hours: 2628.6
review: this game is what we gamer's really wants
game-hours: 1705.2
review: This game is awesome!
game-hours: 1805.5
review: This IS THE BOMB !!!!!
game-hours: 753.0
review: i like this game
game-hours: 770.3
review: dota 2
game-hours: 654.5
review: Please play this game so fun!
game-hours: 453.8
review: unique game ever
game-hours: 1056.8
review: Cool!
game-hours: 696.7
review: hi :)
game-hours: 846.2
review: yes DOTA 2 is an A+MAZING game
game-hours: 1086.7
review: Awesome
game-hours: 1233.5
review: Very addicting! Play now :D
game-hours: 2189.8
review: go back to lol noob
game-hours: 83.8
review: love this game,so fun and there so much charaters and i can't chosooes which one is my faviful
game-hours: 753.1
review: COOL SETS
game-hours: 2387.2
review: being a hero instead of a champion is the best!
game-hours: 1337.8
review: Epic game!! GG
game-hours: 1314.6
review: Its a wonderful game
game-hours: 2035.0
review: Best game out there atm.
game-hours: 660.0
review: Very Good Game! I liked it so much!
game-hours: 1402.1
review: makes me comfortable and relief my bad feelings :))
game-hours: 1160.3
review: :X
game-hours: 593.0
review: Best MOBA
game-hours: 2016.7
review: nc
game-hours: 532.5
review: The game is unusual for its brilliance, expressiveness and rich fights when you have to restrain the waves of attacking creeps. Huge selection of heroes allows the player to see the whole game from a different perspective. I think the game deserves a 9.5 out of 10 ( the Only minus: Action game always occur on 1 map ). ;3
game-hours: 53.6
review: This is where i began my journey on the steam community
game-hours: 2209.3
review: dafinitely awesome game. my one and only favorite!
game-hours: 2024.0
review: Russian meet n' greet.
game-hours: 1945.0
review: I recommend this game for my kid! ^^
game-hours: 17.8
review: got bored one day so i decided to download this free game and fell in love with it
game-hours: 610.6
review: this is a awesome game !
game-hours: 712.9
review: Yep dota 2 best game ever ( . Y . ) !!!
game-hours: 924.0
review: Amazing!!
game-hours: 977.8
review: is good game
game-hours: 1425.0
review: Dota 2 is teamplay game you have to be with your team it has good graphics gameplay and alot of things i play this game like 5 times in a day still i cant get bored of it :) Thanks ..
game-hours: 5885.4
review: Most epic game i have ever played
game-hours: 1245.7
review: hello
game-hours: 614.8
review: This game is my life!!!!!
game-hours: 1763.6
review: nice game, entertaining and best way to be unstress..
game-hours: 712.5
review: good game..
game-hours: 2133.3
review: love bout this game
game-hours: 2458.2
review: Tes
game-hours: 1703.8
review: good
game-hours: 737.4
review: love this game <3 <3 <3
game-hours: 129.7
review: gg
game-hours: 87.5
review: First, you will suck and your teammates will let you know. Then, after a few levels, your teammates will suck, and you will let them know. But somehow you manage to keep having fun and play another 30 hours of the game. Then, nobody on your team speaks English. If they do, they report you. 10/10
game-hours: 1417.7
review: I recommend this game because you really need some skills like Teamplay / Lasthitting / Denying etc. It's a very enjoyable game which you can play with friends. The trading system can also be very nice there. This game often calls out many updates, so if you're wondering if this game has events then well ofcourse! For those who haven't played it yet and really need a new game, try this one. (Games usually take 30+ minutes.)
game-hours: 3333.3
review: nice :) GG
game-hours: 2606.5
review: Dotally addictive! You either love it, or hate it, there is no midway really.
game-hours: 381.9
review: i really want this game
game-hours: 323.1
review: this is a really good game but it takes so long to be a professional on this game ! but im telling to play this game. its awesome
game-hours: 6.5
review: Hello!
game-hours: 807.9
review: amazing games
game-hours: 1016.9
review: Pretty sure my exams are screwed because of this 10/10 would play again p.s RAT DOTO FOREVER !!!!
game-hours: 651.6
review: Play this game
game-hours: 426.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 31.2
review: Good game for abreaction :-)
game-hours: 1096.3
review: I really like this game, I enjoy so much. Its a nice game.
game-hours: 2412.0
review: good
game-hours: 1370.0
review: copy of HoN but the cosplay is great in this film 10/10
game-hours: 9.3
review: so good that i  a peanut.
game-hours: 110.5
review: First, why did i runoff to this game? competitive cooldown. Second, i get called noob all the way. Okay, at first sight i said "this game sucks as hell", and now, i get addicted to this, wth basicly i play this only for drops and to buy cheap sets to bet on dota 2 lounge lol, or sell it for real cash xD simple rules of this game : 1. Don't be an idiot 2. 3 Lanes, choose one 3. Be Feeder 4. Stop using local language to make sure you didn't get called malay or pinoy's 5. Noob dont play okay what the  did i type 8/10, a good game, i guess...
game-hours: 935.7
review: Good Game Nice Played
game-hours: 3409.9
review: One of the best games ive played in a while.
game-hours: 1373.7
review: This is a good game. You can challange your friend for a 1 by 1 clash or play with public against public.
game-hours: 719.2
review: so good
game-hours: 470.3
review: , !
game-hours: 2681.3
review: okay
game-hours: 1081.2
review: Best game ever.. :)
game-hours: 1081.2
review: Best game ever.. :)
game-hours: 2534.8
review: This game was so amazing , it has almost changed my life ! I drop school ! addicted to the game . My family was very upset ! Thanks valve for being so good in this game !
game-hours: 754.3
review: awesome
game-hours: 550.9
review: awesome
game-hours: 2111.0
review: The best RPG game existed today, with the largest e-sports winning prize money ever!!!
game-hours: 1544.3
review: nice game!
game-hours: 615.4
review: I recommend this game to people that used to play warcraft III a.k.a Frozen throne . this is the best
game-hours: 2607.4
review: i love this game
game-hours: 1345.4
review: IF YOU ARE NEW TO DOTA, BEFORE YOU WANT TO TRY THIS GAME. PLEASE SAID TO YOURSELF." I WILL SACRIFE MY VIRGINITY, MY TIME, MY FRIENDSHIP, MY HOPE AND MY LIFE FOR LORD GABEN, ICEFROG AND THIS GAME'. BEWARE ONCE YOU KNOW THE MECHANIC OF THIS GAME YOU WILL NEVER COME BACK TO YOUR PREVIOUS LIFE. MORE ADDICTIVE THAN DRUG AND TOBBACO!. would definely recommend to play game 10/10. and also
game-hours: 2582.4
review: ING AWESOME !!
game-hours: 3622.4
review: Love this game forever
game-hours: 2392.5
review: By playing this game you can learn a new stage of rage.
game-hours: 1571.9
review: a
game-hours: 326.0
review: #1 GAME <3
game-hours: 2654.3
review: Virtual chess where the team is as good as its weakest player. 10/10.
game-hours: 2767.8
review: Geiles Spiel wer Keys braucht bei mir melden ! :)
game-hours: 1158.7
review: Good game for idiots
game-hours: 133.3
review: ASTIG !
game-hours: 249.0
review: Still the best MOBA game.
game-hours: 2176.7
review: its so fun
game-hours: 1076.8
review: good
game-hours: 668.4
review: Best Game EVER!!!!!!!!!! More strategy than chess.
game-hours: 1592.6
review: Allstars!
game-hours: 3230.0
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 1349.8
review: very good :)
game-hours: 2214.8
review: happy playing dota2
game-hours: 43.8
review: AMAZING/TACTICAL GAME 10/10.
game-hours: 396.5
review: Amazing... Horrible players. In the beginning, mid game, and really far into it you will still some ing how get stuck with they low lvl  players that: Auto-attack, feed, dont buy the correct , and are just utterly bad. Over all though amazing well designed game, but not the players.
game-hours: 718.8
review: Opasno po zivot
game-hours: 993.7
review: A
game-hours: 175.5
review: For the best MOBA game on the market, it starts to get more and more dumb people every single day. But, overall, great game, I wish there would be more events like Diretide, etc..
game-hours: 1183.1
review: ..
game-hours: 2588.9
review: such a good game . but need a lot of patient :D
game-hours: 2383.0
review: 18+ :D for brainless people access denied :D this game is not casual :D if u were average in LoL, go away from this :D there is no harder competitive game than this = means good :D
game-hours: 746.0
review: All around a really good game. It places you on a team of 5v5 heros to fight for your so called ancients. Last team with their ancients alive, after 30-40 mins (average game) wins. And the trophy you get for winning is saying ''SUCK IT'' to the other team. To say it short and simple Dota is a must ''try'' alot of people do not like these kind of games beacause of their diffeculties. Which is ing true, this game can be unforgiving and one can go on what feels like the biggest loosing streak since ever. If I where to copmplain about anything then it would be the russians. I know that russians are 70% of the Dota community, but for gads sake and name. Have their regions locked to their own servers. 1. They dont know english (vey welll or not at all) which pissses me off when they delibretly chose the West EU servers. 2. They are greeedy as . Other than that I will say good luck if you want to try this game out. PS. Dont rage its just a stupid game ^^
game-hours: 1877.8
review: I recomend that game to everyone
game-hours: 576.9
review: Great!!!
game-hours: 1529.5
review: After hours and hours of torture you will finally wake up and realize you were wasting your time. You will never be a pro, never be a star, so give up now. Don't play this soul sucking game. Get out while you still can. Just go buy destiny or something. Please save yourself you go damn feeding .
game-hours: 123.2
review: i like this game very much.. disliked about this is everyday updatinng^_^
game-hours: 1012.5
review: It's free. What the hell are you doing?
game-hours: 362.2
review: it's Alright :)
game-hours: 1582.3
review: this game is bang tidy
game-hours: 3183.0
review: really good game and comunity
game-hours: 374.8
review: a fun way of consuming you time
game-hours: 7.2
review: GIVE MEE MOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1785.3
review: Dota 2 is the best free to play game ever. This game improved so much since it was released on the beta. There are over 90 heroes to choose from currently. A great PvP game that offers some of the most intriguing and nuanced team combat around. Simply irresistible and addictive as hell
game-hours: 152.2
review: :)
game-hours: 463.9
review: Try this addicting game
game-hours: 1963.6
review: Nice 1
game-hours: 1564.8
review: this game is good for play
game-hours: 1389.6
review: A masterpiece, I don't know what I can really say about this game without giving anything away, but I will tell you that it is easily in the top ten games that I've played, and I've played a lot of good games, also the characters are absolutely brilliant.
game-hours: 1052.3
review: Best free to play game ever
game-hours: 3145.9
review: GOOD GREAT BEST
game-hours: 2401.9
review: Best game in my life after c&c generals zh
game-hours: 812.0
review: This is amazing, almost everything from dota.allstar was upgraded. not only UI, but they also add much better features than it was.
game-hours: 726.2
review: yes
game-hours: 5.1
review: YOU ASSHAT >>>> $@) KERMIT KERMIT DOLLA DOLLA MISS PIGGY ON MY !
game-hours: 1526.1
review: SUPER GAME
game-hours: 20.1
review: Woke up this morning and noticed everything was in russian
game-hours: 1334.1
review: Very nice game
game-hours: 2274.1
review: Awesome game but not for sore losers. They would just make the game not fun to play.
game-hours: 493.5
review: awsome game. every good thing is there in this game.
game-hours: 2383.1
review: not worth of playing JUST KIDDING!
game-hours: 555.3
review: a nice a very interesting game. Hope that there are more new updates in this game. Like it a lot.
game-hours: 1446.9
review: HELP ME!!! I was playing but then suddenly it Froze then it shuts down when i try to sign in to steam again all my game files are gone and it say's i need to install it again pls help me.
game-hours: 50.5
review: Best
game-hours: 0.3
review: This game is  , I willl squat on this game and
game-hours: 1695.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 3012.6
review: The best MOBA of all time. The history behind this game is, well, insane. Icefrog, the mysterious legend. League of Legends sprouting basically from the first version. The teams in the eSports scene. Dota 2 Lounge, for commited betters of eSports Dota 2 teams. Trading cards. Enjoying the hours upon hours spent with friends met just dominating every match that you can. The thrill of playing new heroes and somehow feeling as if the same map is always filled with new challenges. This is a game that you just can't debate about. This is probably the best game I have played besides Counter Strike. Another winner for Valve.
game-hours: 284.8
review: Hello there GUys I"m A Good Player
game-hours: 1379.3
review: Nice Game Ever :D
game-hours: 104.1
review: very fun
game-hours: 529.7
review: i really like playing dota 2 because of meeting nice players but sometimes have harsh players/trashtalkers
game-hours: 1453.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 1245.2
review: NICE. i wud give 4.9/5 to this game. really really awesome if you compare it to DOTA / Warcraft III :D
game-hours: 318.5
review: Very Nice. Great Success
game-hours: 2397.3
review: -   :3
game-hours: 2964.9
review: nice games
game-hours: 1716.6
review: love it!!
game-hours: 235.3
review: Dota2
game-hours: 517.1
review: excellent
game-hours: 361.9
review: :D
game-hours: 2917.6
review: zzzzz
game-hours: 33.4
review: This is a great game, I just have to fond more time to play it.
game-hours: 295.9
review: Can you grow your virginity back from playing this game?
game-hours: 521.7
review: THE WAR IS ON US.
game-hours: 1970.6
review: ya , it is vey nice game .
game-hours: 94.1
review: huh
game-hours: 1167.9
review: this game is <3
game-hours: 623.9
review: nice game !
game-hours: 1535.2
review: Good Game
game-hours: 508.6
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 1686.5
review: +1 !!!!!
game-hours: 99.8
review: Best game
game-hours: 2663.4
review: If sex was a game.... you would have dota.
game-hours: 354.5
review: dota 2 is great. except for the russians
game-hours: 1223.2
review: Dota 2 is a place where I feel home.
game-hours: 1361.9
review: for fun
game-hours: 0.8
review: Kinda reminds me of League of legends. It is different from League of legends though. For example, there are many more classes / heroes to pick in this game and less waiting time too (or am I just lucky?)
game-hours: 478.0
review: Yes
game-hours: 850.3
review: The community can tell you firsthand that this game is quite possibly the best and worst game on earth. With the recent boom in it's e-sports presence it's worth trying for that reason alone. You may love it or hate it but one thing's for certain. Those who love it, really love it (myself included).
game-hours: 391.1
review: such a good game :D i just loved the cosmetic system stuff I would just like better announcers in the games, the ones that already are in game are not so good...
game-hours: 694.2
review: must try dota2
game-hours: 581.4
review: Too many Russians 11/10
game-hours: 2346.0
review: eziest gaem of my lief 10/10 wuld play agian
game-hours: 110.3
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 54.6
review: A goat threw smoke at me and then killed me.
game-hours: 1633.8
review: Dota 2 is awesome! xD like it
game-hours: 329.0
review: god game for war
game-hours: 705.2
review: fgfgfdgf
game-hours: 1164.9
review: sickest game on entire universe!!!! nothing to say more!!!
game-hours: 29.5
review: Nice Game Play it!!!
game-hours: 1289.7
review: Dota 2 is good game for all people who need more challage with team or solo person
game-hours: 988.3
review: velly, velly good! -.-
game-hours: 1019.5
review: nice game..
game-hours: 2948.2
review: Been playing dota 1 since 2006 and believe me this game is a whole new level of gaming experience. I've tried a lot of MOBA games and still, Dota 2 still gives me the same feeling as Dota 1 and even more. The map is still the same but the gameplay will forever change according to what the players will do in-game. Making this game one of the most player skill dependent games out there. Highly recommended. My hours of play tells it all.
game-hours: 609.9
review: It's okay.
game-hours: 1126.9
review: rampage itu hanya kebetulan.
game-hours: 583.0
review: noice
game-hours: 420.5
review: Nice!!
game-hours: 1310.0
review: This game made me .
game-hours: 1696.1
review: if you haven't tried this game yet , THEN DON'T DO IT , YOU DON'T NEED THIS IN YOUR LIFE , TRUST ME ! . TOO MUCH STRESS TOO MUCH DRAMA . YOU'RE WELCOME -___- NOW FOR THE BRAVE SOULS WHO ARE STILL PLANNING ON PLAYING THIS GAME DESPITE MY WARNING (IDIOTS ) : buy a cheap keyboard , will ya . you won't feel as bad when you smash it into the wall ! . that being said , gl hf
game-hours: 1098.5
review: best game of them all! :)
game-hours: 1012.4
review: good game
game-hours: 382.0
review: I like This game :D
game-hours: 711.9
review: nice
game-hours: 925.2
review: 23 days ingame time and it's free. Need I say more?
game-hours: 4016.9
review: It's like pie, but better
game-hours: 504.0
review: awesome game , i playing this game everyday
game-hours: 943.6
review: love it <3
game-hours: 63.1
review: I wish i could be professional player :/
game-hours: 325.0
review: yes
game-hours: 40.0
review: RPG football
game-hours: 3494.1
review: The Best Game! EVER! nuff said! :3
game-hours: 2243.4
review: best game..
game-hours: 664.7
review: i love this game
game-hours: 4185.1
review: Best. Game. Ever.
game-hours: 2230.1
review: NC game
game-hours: 307.8
review: Best MMORPG
game-hours: 264.2
review: oks
game-hours: 1749.9
review: awesome
game-hours: 1926.5
review: You will hate this game and everyone in it will hate you. But you'll keep playing anyways because its an amazing game full of flamers and noobs. Oh and this game will make you racist to anyone who doesnt speak english. Especially russians. c.
game-hours: 1318.2
review: i love this game coz its better than dota 1
game-hours: 737.7
review: UH Gabe I came back to the game so  you
game-hours: 2381.7
review: good need more development on connection few actions against bad behaviour
game-hours: 1174.9
review: A very good game ":D
game-hours: 1122.7
review: awdsadw
game-hours: 49.5
review: Solid Game 10/10
game-hours: 1838.0
review: zzz
game-hours: 418.5
review: Excellent game to play :)
game-hours: 1516.9
review: Amazing game! :D
game-hours: 1143.7
review: this game is freaking awesome !!! 100/10 Made me rage all day !!!
game-hours: 6821.5
review: really a nice game
game-hours: 535.1
review: Nice Game!:)
game-hours: 1342.8
review: Good game for good players. Strategy is mostly needed and teamwork is the key to win in dota 2
game-hours: 1307.1
review: asdasd
game-hours: 1459.1
review: Good Game
game-hours: 583.6
review: Great game :D very entertaining
game-hours: 3163.6
review: nice one
game-hours: 539.4
review: installed and playing ! i think ill never stop !
game-hours: 1621.0
review: probobly the best game on steam. And its free. :)
game-hours: 1460.9
review: qqq
game-hours: 1283.6
review: very good game and very addictive
game-hours: 4573.5
review: great
game-hours: 1885.5
review: game is hard i play league of legolas now
game-hours: 1591.7
review: I remember, about a year ago I was handed a beta key to this game. I played a few times, although I remember my first game of Dota 2, in bots. I didn't really know what I was doing, however I still enjoyed it. I put it away for a while, and about 3 or 4 months ago I picked the game up again due to fascination for the game yet again. I noticed immense changes, and across the time I have been playing, I noticed more improvements since I started a year ago. All I can honestly praise about the game is the time and dedication put into this game by Valve. If you have ever played a Valve game (TF2, Portal, Half-Life), this game is made with the same quality and care, with over a hundred heroes to play, each have their own amazing model, animations, cosmetics and voice-lines and lore. This game has a somewhat great community (I say somewhat because of the constant game-s who love to ruin my games), and Valve takes input from it. Each hero has their own respective playstyle, such as micro-management, and you can change the way you play with each hero by skilling them different, or building items differently then you normally would, thus creating new ways to play your hero and adjust to each situation. I most definitally recommend this game only because of the infinite enjoyment that this game bears, even if you lose, you can get better and learn from it.
game-hours: 2114.0
review: Engaging and fun!
game-hours: 400.4
review: I recommned this game! It's one of my favourite game I every played!!!
game-hours: 579.4
review: hi
game-hours: 2309.1
review: Best ''jaja'' simulator. 3/10
game-hours: 2174.4
review: I've tried Rosetta Stone, but nothing has tought me russian better than Dota 2. 5 out of 5.
game-hours: 1590.0
review: dota2 ruined my life. best game ever
game-hours: 142.7
review: goood
game-hours: 875.5
review: BEST MOBA game ever ... Graphics ufffffffffffff *-*
game-hours: 2107.2
review: good
game-hours: 5570.4
review: EPIC GAME! <3
game-hours: 1221.0
review: Death is just only the beginning.... Said the person who's dead in 1st blood.....
game-hours: 2900.2
review: DOTAAAAAAAAAAAA 2! SE LOS RECOMIENDO VENGAN A ATOMIX GAMES <3! =)
game-hours: 927.0
review: Best Game
game-hours: 993.6
review: 10/10
game-hours: 729.7
review: Dota2 is the first reason for me to register Steam. A perfect standalone software of the famous TFT map <3 I told my friends to play this game too. If you are a fan of dota , you will be amaze by Dota2's features. But you need times to level up and item drops are a little something(maybe i'm greedy). However, this is a must-play.
game-hours: 2214.2
review: ez mmr ez rares
game-hours: 1614.8
review: Addicting as hell. It's too good of a game. Play it and you won't stop.
game-hours: 16.1
review: This game is a LOT of fun. You will probably start off terrible, but the trick is to watch videos and play a lot. I'm still not that good at it, but its fun.
game-hours: 1373.2
review: Its good to play, the graphic is more interesting, but some times u maybe meet someone who ruining the game, its relly sucks, but i like the game :v
game-hours: 1508.8
review: yayay
game-hours: 637.4
review: Amazing
game-hours: 2108.9
review: Very interesting and fun game. thanks Valve
game-hours: 707.4
review: Ez
game-hours: 2141.3
review: ya
game-hours: 1885.0
review: One of most Free to Play ever!1!!1
game-hours: 346.5
review: 10/10 awesome game ^_^. When you play and selected a hero, It has a recommend item which is good for new players.
game-hours: 1266.7
review: like like
game-hours: 726.6
review: POkoknya baguss
game-hours: 461.9
review: These game is very good!
game-hours: 1853.7
review: asdsadsa
game-hours: 304.6
review: BIGGA GAME FO LIFE
game-hours: 1524.5
review: kurangajar
game-hours: 1597.8
review: o.o
game-hours: 994.4
review: Very addicting game.
game-hours: 94.7
review: best moba
game-hours: 930.2
review: Free to play game working with the original MOBA game and improving all the time. Try it and you may just fall in love.
game-hours: 321.7
review: My rule is so hard. Because i am carry.
game-hours: 994.9
review: One of the best MOBA you can find out there :)
game-hours: 203.7
review: HIGH END BEST FREE GAME AND COLLECTABLE ITEMS ...
game-hours: 1435.7
review: great skill's game and teamwork can give u alot of fun in dota!!
game-hours: 1168.9
review: This is a good games for everybody
game-hours: 649.0
review: This is Awesome wicked Cool!! (y) :)
game-hours: 1696.6
review: moba
game-hours: 1728.1
review: DotA is a game of "Community" and not Tragedy of "foul-lips" anarchy. Smile :)
game-hours: 2036.3
review: DotA is the best game e ever every single gamers knows dotA
game-hours: 114.7
review: GOOD GAME !
game-hours: 2405.5
review: Best Game on Steam :)
game-hours: 143.7
review: awesome game
game-hours: 2219.8
review: the best game
game-hours: 1287.4
review: very nice strategy game :)
game-hours: 1697.4
review: i like all specialy when they give free items
game-hours: 1001.4
review: The 5v5 description of this game is indeed false. There are only two scenarios: 1v9 OR you vs the russian language. In fact, most games are probably both scenarios at once 322/4 would throw again ^looking at you z
game-hours: 1420.1
review: i love Dota2..man!
game-hours: 2405.4
review: good for ur life
game-hours: 3511.1
review: Real Life Simulator
game-hours: 1237.3
review: I am hero!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1141.5
review: dota is the best
game-hours: 1084.3
review: Totally the best and addictive game ever
game-hours: 2398.7
review: must play for rts game lover
game-hours: 512.0
review: Nice Game :) (Y)
game-hours: 2254.9
review: doto best game
game-hours: 3436.4
review: Good game. (y)
game-hours: 533.6
review: nothing dont watch it ! :P
game-hours: 5.4
review: Really nice game hope u try it
game-hours: 182.5
review: love this game , enjoying every minute of it :D
game-hours: 1185.7
review: i hate this game.
game-hours: 4480.8
review: Dota 2 is my favorite game <3
game-hours: 226.3
review: Such fun game,,, and a very competitive game !! :DD
game-hours: 1527.6
review: :)
game-hours: 573.7
review: Good Perfectly Made
game-hours: 105.9
review: Very good game with tons of  and smurfs at 5 lvl. Still better than league of fagts (y)
game-hours: 502.9
review: !
game-hours: 1091.3
review: ha ha
game-hours: 1731.6
review: Awesome Game! If you tried it once and you dont like it, go home your drunk! If you like it and never played it before, play the Tutorial, play alone vs bots, play with players vs bots and when you have played a few hours then try normal matchmaking. AND ALWAYS KEEP IN MIND, STAY AWAY FROM THESE RUSSIANS....
game-hours: 2054.8
review: Ruined my life. Good job Valve.
game-hours: 771.4
review: You will keep hearing people speaking with open mic in a foreign language to themselves, they will insult you in their language and say things about your mom. 10/10 it's like a mexican soap opera.
game-hours: 2403.4
review: this game reminds me of the endless hours spent playing dark alliance and is probably the best strategic game i have come by. i beleive i will never find this game borring due to the large margin of improvment recuired to play well leaving room to always become better. too top off the game its freaking free so lets play some dota!
game-hours: 911.9
review: This game will take over your life, destroy your friendships, ruin your job and drain all your money. Aside from that it's great fun!
game-hours: 44.7
review: GGWP
game-hours: 271.3
review: like it
game-hours: 682.3
review: Brings back times from the good ol days of DOTA 1
game-hours: 1333.9
review: Amazing game ever..long lasting and always be fun..
game-hours: 1995.3
review: Good game
game-hours: 1387.4
review: Dota 2 is cool, A game with a strategic mode it helps you to be strategized and think more about the game. A game that is always logic there no is no bad in this game this is game is more cooler because it is not just popular but this is the game which you can understand all the strategic and logical works of your life.
game-hours: 85.9
review: A nice refreshment away from sandbox, rpg, fps games. Also a great comeback from the old DOTA mod on world of warcraft 3. Great game, fun gameplay, new modes kept it more interesting.
game-hours: 636.9
review: rip in peace skeleton king i thot youd live forever
game-hours: 350.2
review: Its a real free to play game! No purchasable content in the game. Its not pay to win. Its competitive. Just take a look at the fastest growing game in e-sports.
game-hours: 747.2
review: amazing
game-hours: 808.5
review: nice
game-hours: 738.5
review: nice...
game-hours: 2030.0
review: Awesome and immersive gameplay! well ported from dota ! Hats off to valve
game-hours: 1537.3
review: like this game
game-hours: 1337.7
review: good
game-hours: 646.0
review: Great game :)
game-hours: 2000.1
review: always nice to plays with friends
game-hours: 3.1
review: Is dota what more do you need
game-hours: 476.5
review: This Following or Reviewing is nice for dota 2
game-hours: 752.6
review: Amazing
game-hours: 630.4
review: A Co-operative strategic game.
game-hours: 1351.0
review: Great Game One of the best game ever Thumbs-up and adddictive
game-hours: 1029.2
review: very nice adaptation of DotA from Warcraft, more heroes to be added soon please :)
game-hours: 3026.9
review: Dota 2 was the only legit Dota ever created.
game-hours: 1304.6
review: Beware of russians. Don't underestimate the power of Ancient Apparition. If you see 5 people approaching with Chilling Touch, RUN.
game-hours: 742.5
review: yeah
game-hours: 407.3
review: yes really good game
game-hours: 1513.7
review: so nice game!
game-hours: 605.2
review: highly addictive
game-hours: 107.9
review: mantep nih gan ....
game-hours: 6982.0
review: Rly good wp valve
game-hours: 238.7
review: The first 10 hours you wanna kill yourself. You will be yelled at, cursed out, and be reported because you suck. But afterwards, its kinda fun.
game-hours: 2064.1
review: Epic battles that never stop.
game-hours: 1088.9
review: love this game <3
game-hours: 2659.8
review: is good
game-hours: 1471.7
review: Very nice and addicting game.
game-hours: 1723.4
review: Dota 2 is addictive, interesting, and overall fun. the only downside to it is the community itself, "Flagging", "reporting", or overall not being cooperative if you're new. So watch out for that.
game-hours: 58.7
review: Laba
game-hours: 1024.3
review: Simply the best game ever.
game-hours: 1220.6
review: this game is the future i can see real potensial with this game. If u want a game you have to get dota 2.
game-hours: 1179.2
review: Good
game-hours: 588.5
review: Yeah
game-hours: 1666.6
review: (Y)
game-hours: 1238.5
review: The best!
game-hours: 74.0
review: This game is very addicting. o.O
game-hours: 913.3
review: cool gaming even though im not too strong
game-hours: 1827.4
review: All my friends are playing this game, it's fast and it requires teamwork!
game-hours: 274.7
review: Awesome !
game-hours: 161.6
review: I love this! you better try it guys! it's so Cool! hope you will join Steam for DOTA 2 Let's have some Fun in DOTA 2.
game-hours: 804.5
review: This is the worst game ever. It made me fail in my exams. It has awakened a great hate for Russians in my heart and made me want to yank my hair out when someone doesnt call ss pudge. Recommended for players with high tolerance and patience and if a russian is reading this then to the russian" This game sucks alot and dont play it. no matter what u read below or above, this game is very bad for Muther Russia so stahp downloading it. Now "
game-hours: 5069.4
review: ........
game-hours: 505.3
review: This game is awesome !!
game-hours: 2045.3
review: i ing hate this game. it punishes you without belief and treats you unfairly, it is fun when you get good team mates but 80% of the time it makes me want to murder babies. not because of the difficulty but because the team mates i get either suck or kill-steal
game-hours: 266.3
review: Game Of The Decade.
game-hours: 1699.4
review: This game will suck out your soul, tear out your heart, grind your already broken dreams to dust, leave you hating both your friends and yourself, and just when you thought it was over. It comes to your house, pisses in your cereal, and kicks your dog.
game-hours: 742.5
review: cpia
game-hours: 783.6
review: A really really amazing games
game-hours: 6.2
review: is
game-hours: 110.4
review: mahusay na laro
game-hours: 1210.6
review: This Realy PERFECT GAME!!!
game-hours: 140.8
review: Let's Have a Team Up !
game-hours: 422.2
review: its really enjoying :)
game-hours: 347.0
review: This game gave me a reason to hate russians and also I learned a few insults along the way, would recommend every day!.
game-hours: 355.2
review: yahaa
game-hours: 70.8
review: cool!
game-hours: 4076.5
review: like market in steam but problem is currency only incoming it suppose to be outgoing aswell. :P
game-hours: 1072.1
review: Absoluted brilliant, ruined my school grades, social life and personal hygeine. Would recommend everytime.
game-hours: 1163.8
review: pls dun play this game, it sucks your very soul
game-hours: 716.5
review: Io is such a pimp, he is by far thee best character on dota. This game is really fun and has a lot of playablility.
game-hours: 2365.6
review: nice
game-hours: 2297.3
review: Dota 2 is the best game forever
game-hours: 1712.8
review: just 1 word , AMAZING !!
game-hours: 778.9
review: Good Game
game-hours: 1260.8
review: Best MOBA game so far :)
game-hours: 681.0
review: in great game!!
game-hours: 4091.6
review: awesome
game-hours: 1726.0
review: Indeed!!!
game-hours: 969.4
review: The game is just super. Currently in it plays a lot of people, many think that DotA is played only schoolchildren and wrong. The main thing to understand the meaning of the game and learn to play)))
game-hours: 2059.8
review: Play Dota2 now. so much fun :)
game-hours: 939.8
review: Nice
game-hours: 117.0
review: DOTA RUSSIANS COSMETIC ITEMS IT DOESN'T MATTER WHAT I SAY YOU'RE GOING TO PLAY IT ANYWAY BECAUSE YOU'RE CHEAP AND IT'S FREE.
game-hours: 45.3
review: Made me moist
game-hours: 322.7
review: Its Amazing there are so excellent in graphics than the dota 1 .. i Like this game
game-hours: 420.8
review: awesome
game-hours: 1196.1
review: great, ultra epic
game-hours: 100.1
review: Extremely fun to play with friends
game-hours: 580.3
review: What am I even doing
game-hours: 10.9
review: had trouble to get download proply but once done found it a game have to return to
game-hours: 598.9
review: sdasda
game-hours: 1922.0
review: this game is awesome. Sometimes it makes you want to rage in a literal sense, but, that is only due to the trolls and noobs in MMR. If you can convince yourself not to care about that number then you will love this game. Oh, smoke weed everyday!
game-hours: 1321.6
review: Top!!
game-hours: 187.8
review: amazing game ruined by PEOPLE ABANDONING EVRY SINGLE BLOODY MATCH
game-hours: 2538.3
review: best game everr)
game-hours: 1644.8
review: :p Dota
game-hours: 1374.6
review: Best game.........
game-hours: 795.0
review: awesome game
game-hours: 1641.0
review: THIS IS AWESOME GAM EVER!!!!!!!
game-hours: 797.4
review: Good Game
game-hours: 1037.1
review: It's very addictive game. There are lots of heroes to play with and each and every hero has uniqe abilities.
game-hours: 148.9
review: lk ladatko lagaa iha vitusti. iha hyv mutta toimii. annan kakkosen.
game-hours: 782.8
review: its realy good game have fun
game-hours: 1012.3
review: The best online gaming ever.. epic.. thanks icefrog for giving us to play this MOBA.
game-hours: 415.8
review: this game is so awesome!!
game-hours: 174.5
review: i love this game so much!
game-hours: 575.3
review: nc game
game-hours: 2201.3
review: its a good game
game-hours: 445.6
review: team game is awesome!
game-hours: 102.9
review: The Best MOBA in the world is there.
game-hours: 1782.5
review: good game
game-hours: 660.9
review: Trully addictive game... Played 2-3 games and... And u wouldn't be able to stop playing it... It's really nice, but i don't recommend it, cuz u would waste A LOT OF TIME playing Dota 2...
game-hours: 630.0
review: Recommended
game-hours: 2396.3
review: Highly Addicting Game Warning xD ...
game-hours: 587.1
review: Learned russain. 10/10! I now know what  means and only gays play in the river.
game-hours: 258.7
review: too much leaver and scammer, should impose more strict action to those leaver and scammer, so that it will be a nice game without any spoiler
game-hours: 1602.9
review: I can not play any other game but Dota. Everything else sucks. Dota is best. Dota is cool.
game-hours: 447.5
review: Before i started playing this i didn't mind russians.
game-hours: 682.5
review: EU WEST SERVER IS NOT THE RUSSIAN SERVER! It's not even difficult to toggle it correctly and lower your ping, damn russians
game-hours: 34.4
review: Best Game ever.... League of legends cant compare to this game!!!
game-hours: 859.5
review: extremely recommended... :) P/S: good game but full with r-e-t-a-r-d-s...
game-hours: 317.3
review: Its awesome game! :D I like to feed the carry!
game-hours: 1776.9
review: gg
game-hours: 2626.8
review: hmmmmm
game-hours: 2434.4
review: +++
game-hours: 1493.0
review: hell yeah
game-hours: 2063.3
review: 123
game-hours: 1716.4
review: Nice game i've ever played :-)
game-hours: 1620.8
review: i like dota 2
game-hours: 258.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 3912.4
review: ok im done
game-hours: 177.8
review: GG
game-hours: 93.9
review: INVinsiBLE
game-hours: 2223.8
review: Dota2 the game of all games. The Game is ruin Friendships and make new ones. To RIP and Shred Fellow Peopl apart
game-hours: 3336.5
review: nice game ever
game-hours: 602.8
review: I love the way this game features how to trade buy and collect items to personalize their favorite heroes. and to play with other players around the world. keep up the good word guys! gl bol!
game-hours: 787.5
review: so pro
game-hours: 5299.8
review: EPIC...JUST EPIC
game-hours: 1313.3
review: Very amazing i could cry.
game-hours: 1639.1
review: cool game!
game-hours: 1768.3
review: so nice game
game-hours: 1422.0
review: its a gg game
game-hours: 1539.4
review: support and happy fun :)
game-hours: 516.0
review: NICE GAME
game-hours: 3414.9
review: It's like having an abusive girlfriend. You'll get yelled at, stomped on, and smacked around so much you'll cry yourself to sleep every night. But every once in a great while, she'll give you a peck on the cheek and a tiny little tickle. You'll feel the greatest sense of worth and acomplishment you've ever experienced, until the beatings continue a few moments later. You know you're being beaten and bloodied every minute you spend with her, but you can't bring yourself to leave her. And you never will. 10/10
game-hours: 1011.4
review: REally Awesome game Dota 2, and you can make money from this game....
game-hours: 973.0
review: awesome game
game-hours: 1399.1
review: Dota 2 <3
game-hours: 369.0
review: DAYUM.
game-hours: 367.9
review: IMO, If you're thinking about league or dota, dota. I'll give the score, but beneath that will be reasons dota's better than the next moba you'll try to pick up. Dota2-9/10 PROS: -Every hero is free, so no real money needed. (except skins) No real money to buy that good champ you want -Good community -Much more rewarding for a skilled player. It's not that other mobas are *easy* but more towards the idea of them taking less focus. -Better graphics and particles (IMO, because some can reason that their bad) -Voice chat, allowing skilled party members to quickly say what they need to say rather than typing -Very balanced. Everything is weak against something else. CONS: -Laggy, at times. -Occasionaly you'll find a toxic player. (very rude) -Much harder to git gud at, due to high experience needed. - oh yeah, and some people stay on the wrong server, despite being spanish, brazillian, russian
game-hours: 2738.0
review: If there were less people, that pretend they can play, it would be thousand times better, but i still love this game so much, because Valve gave a second life to Blizzard's "dotaAllstars". Thx, Valve.
game-hours: 1877.2
review: this game is too good man \m/ best game ever :P \m/ . .
game-hours: 1211.9
review: I think i have to quit this!!!
game-hours: 1388.0
review: 500/10 Would bang again.
game-hours: 1036.9
review: Yes i do
game-hours: 272.5
review: Very Good Game
game-hours: 1074.4
review: dota 2 for everyone
game-hours: 543.4
review: Hmph...n i thought dota1 was addictive
game-hours: 1253.8
review: niceniceicniencenicneincienicneincienciencineicnisndfkljnsdkjgsd as d as das d as d asfasfashfjknasjkhfuakshfkjhasui khfk asn fsafasfas
game-hours: 1428.3
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 1053.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 958.9
review: Best Moba this is where it all began. Mother of all Mobas litteraly so do try it out.
game-hours: 2147.8
review: I REALLY LIKE THIS GAME AND IM GOING TO BE CRAZY WITHOUT THIS GAME AND I IMPROVED MY GRAMMAR AND I LEARNED HOW COOPERATE WITH THE TEAM AND I LEARNED HOW TO BE A LEADER FRIENDLY AND TEACHING OTHERS HOW TO PLAY IS SO GREAT :d PLEASE PLAY THIS GAME CUZ YOU WILL LEARN TO MANY THINGS :d
game-hours: 478.8
review: IT SO NICE TO PLAY DOTA THAT WHAY I WANT TO PLAY ALWAYS DOTA 2
game-hours: 245.0
review: I LOVE DOTA2
game-hours: 129.1
review: Good Game love it long time. Its like slow nice graphics HoN. But trolls ruin the community.
game-hours: 1571.5
review: After over 700 hundered hours playing this game, I just can't get enough throughly enjoy it although there is a steep learning curve there is a helping community that will help you get there
game-hours: 340.5
review: Great game,the production team did an amazing job,you get updates very often.This game is NOT for CASUAL GAMERS,you HAVE to spend a lot of time on the game befor you become good at it.And this would probably be one of THE MOST ADDICTING THINGS IN THE WORLD so be careful.
game-hours: 376.8
review: Nice Game <3 <3 <3 <3 D O T A II #DABEST
game-hours: 27.4
review: It is full of cheesy noobs dont play it
game-hours: 484.2
review: good game!!
game-hours: 4902.2
review: zaebic` ugpa
game-hours: 108.2
review: Everybody is russian :D
game-hours: 1135.5
review: nice
game-hours: 4370.6
review: jst tha bes!!
game-hours: 738.0
review: :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :)
game-hours: 1701.3
review: Best game
game-hours: 881.8
review: good
game-hours: 8.6
review: doporucuji
game-hours: 61.5
review: Apparently i should buy a mac.
game-hours: 3937.7
review: Good game.
game-hours: 53.9
review: Fun
game-hours: 1041.0
review: The best game ever, takes some time to get used to and it will be hard at first, but after you will love it for sure
game-hours: 4.9
review: Still not as good as LoL.
game-hours: 1316.5
review: Awesome Game!
game-hours: 2033.6
review: Absolutly ruined my life , i love it
game-hours: 55.5
review: Started a game, queue time took over 5 minutes without any sign of finding match. 10/10 Would waste my time again.
game-hours: 2634.2
review: Dota too good, can't stop the signal.
game-hours: 2676.8
review: dota 2
game-hours: 741.6
review: AWESOME game I recomend to all stratagy players
game-hours: 1768.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 576.2
review: This is why i'm awesome <3
game-hours: 7948.4
review: amazing game from Valve
game-hours: 954.1
review: game .
game-hours: 829.1
review: Great Game, lots of fun.
game-hours: 1904.2
review: great game for a team play
game-hours: 1308.5
review: I have played for about 120 hours and im still at the bottom of the learning curve. probably the best way to learn Russian, Brazilian, Thai, and Chinese. 69/10 Would always play again
game-hours: 73.9
review: 2 good!
game-hours: 620.6
review: One of The Best RTS games as of now, thanks to steam my favorite game has been upgraded. good job!
game-hours: 676.7
review: Stunning graphics and fantastic game!
game-hours: 139.1
review: better then lol
game-hours: 810.0
review: The Best Multiplayer Game ever made ! :D
game-hours: 3172.3
review: (Y)
game-hours: 1788.5
review: .  ,    (       ).  ,     ,   (   ), ..   .      ,   ,   ,      .
game-hours: 2109.9
review: !!!!
game-hours: 227.6
review: Highly recommended game Once you play you'll never get out :D
game-hours: 3209.3
review: Nice
game-hours: 7196.9
review: dota 2 is the best game ever i've been played
game-hours: 2379.7
review: amazing lifetaking game, would recommend what so ever , just be aware of dem russians
game-hours: 941.2
review: Nice game. :)
game-hours: 33.6
review: best game!!!!!
game-hours: 2432.2
review: this a game that i have play religiously for over 1600 hours, a game that i have litterally spent years playing. i have a love hae relationship with doto. if you can manage to get to a less toxic mmr lvl and play with competent team oriented players then you will abosolutely lover everything about it. everything is a learning experience and no matter how much you think you have mastered the game, you havent. it is definately worth your time aslong as you are willing to dedicate the rest of your life to it. its something it is hard to play casually and its hard to stop after one match.
game-hours: 1357.0
review: Miner hamsters and 3 bears!? SIGN ME THE  UP 10/10 would
game-hours: 1479.7
review: Good
game-hours: 1044.8
review: Dota was most unique and most addictive game I've ever played since 2003. Dota2 is even better game with update grapics.. i highly recommend this game! :)
game-hours: 180.4
review: This is Cool !
game-hours: 26.3
review: greatest game
game-hours: 28.0
review: I love this game. kinda annoying when my team talking an alien language. XD
game-hours: 305.3
review: The Truth. Period.
game-hours: 1165.7
review: If you want a game that makes you want to get friends so you can playing with people you can communicate with, this is your game!
game-hours: 1535.8
review: ^^
game-hours: 608.2
review: Do good, win.
game-hours: 1671.4
review: the best moba
game-hours: 1371.3
review: ..
game-hours: 1275.8
review: GOOD GAME WELL PLAYED
game-hours: 706.1
review: At first, There is Warcraft 3: Frozen Throne released long time ago. The creator was Blizzard Entertainment, one day they got an idea to make simple-strategy-game-without-story-mode. They make a custom map called Defense of the Ancients, and then they rename it into DotA. The guy who created Dota is a legend, he was IceFrog, Blizzard Entertainment Video Game Designer and now he working for Valve and create Dota 2! And from there DOTA 2 WAS BORN! Dota 2 is a good MOBA game, the graphics was good and detailed, very different from Dota 1. They DO NOT copying it, some heroes Valve change the race, but the heroes is not different. BEST VALVE GAME!!! SECOND WAS TF2, AND THEN CS GO! I salute Valve for making this. Difference: Warlock: In Dota 1 he was an Orc, but now a human Storm Spirit: In Dota 1 he was a Panda, now a human or a spirit. And there are severals other heroes THE SPECIALITIES OF DOTA IS IT'S VERY FUN TO PLAY WITH YOUR FRIENDSS!!! And then heroes are fun to play with. I RECOMMEND THIS FOR THOSE WHO PLAY DOTA 1 or STRATEGY GAMESS! But, I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS FOR THOSE WHO LIKE FPS AND TPS-LIKE GAMESS! 8.9/10 GOOD GAME VALVE!      Y
game-hours: 544.6
review: This game is great no pay to play or gimmicks. Based purely on skill. Easily worth a full retail price but its free!! Teamwork and cooperation is vital.
game-hours: 443.2
review: Very good game ! enjoy
game-hours: 1473.0
review: This is a very interesting game if you are a competitive person. There are so many possibilities that can happen in a match. Once you get to play this game, you won't ever can stop it. You will want to play another match, try new tricks, beat new people, and many things. This is a very recommended game. U can play alone, or much fun play with your friends.
game-hours: 1207.6
review: a game where i can learn Philippine for free...thx
game-hours: 4201.0
review: Ill Recommend this to all pro gamers. Pls STOP playing all newbie you don't have future on this game mostly in SEA server
game-hours: 1802.1
review: awesome game ! i spent so much of my time in this game and im going broke ! LOVELY!!
game-hours: 672.5
review: 10/10 Great Game Hours of fun and rage
game-hours: 2062.5
review: this game really good teamwork
game-hours: 0.2
review: ...it's just League of Legends with PLaneswalkers...
game-hours: 497.9
review: Fun
game-hours: 1116.3
review: like
game-hours: 2000.8
review: Hard to get used to the basics, but if you persevere you will be rewarded with the best team game. You'll even think this is better than sex. Although the community could be annoying sometimes.
game-hours: 183.5
review: I can eat trees even when im not hungry 10/10
game-hours: 2272.5
review: Very nice game, it's good.... :D d wewe wewewe we e w ewewewew e we we we wewe
game-hours: 19.8
review: no pls halp
game-hours: 1181.3
review: after played this game i almost forgot to walk my dog to the park every afternoon, now my dog is sitting next to me barking everytime lycan summon his wolf.
game-hours: 2180.9
review: heyyyyyyyyyy
game-hours: 1484.6
review: hi
game-hours: 1738.1
review: You can be a massive vegetable Poitato and panic while using Rearm or you can fail your Rearm-Blink and even after all that you can still have the mind to turn to your team and find an excuse to blame them for something they didn't even do
game-hours: 47.2
review: nice :)
game-hours: 4.1
review: I hate it but, you know, GabeN.
game-hours: 866.5
review: Challanging, Competitive, Millions of players.... A very neat game for people who strive for competition in a very team-based game.
game-hours: 670.5
review: VERY NICE GAME.
game-hours: 1072.0
review: GG game buddy
game-hours: 2295.2
review: SO COOL!!!!!..
game-hours: 1631.9
review: Dota 2 is one of the best game i have ever played :) Its an addiction once you start playing it you cant stop. Its all about teamwork , your reflexes and the strategies you make to counter your enemies.
game-hours: 2046.2
review: Dota is one of my most played game. If you are familiar to MOBA (Multiplayer online battle arena) Dota is a game for you , it is difficult compare to LoL (League of Legends) no doubt on that . Its a true "play to win" game , purchasable items have no affect in gameplay they are only cosmetic for appearance only . All hero are unlocked unlike LoL you got to pay to unlock or play for hours or days to unlock a single champion . Dota matchmaking "Ranked Match Making" is quite broken. People gets quite frustrated if someone feed's or does some kind of mistake . I know it is quite a reasonable reason , as i did too . You wasted your life 40 min and some random people destroyed the match for you and other's . As goes for gameplay Dota is hard and takes time to learn it is a game for people who are patients . Heroes are quite balanced there are some cool events too like Diretide . its a fun game to play with friends and gets quite annoying too when people does stupid mistakes . There are people who likes to teach noob's like Purge one of my idol in dota 2 scene . New players should check out his guide "Welcome to dota you suck" . My overall rating for dota2 gonna be 9/10 . there are some problem with match making or just my bad luck ? .
game-hours: 787.8
review: This games was amazing. No Pro gamers that dont know about this game. Besides showing off your skills, this games also train your teamwork with your friends. VERY RECOMMENDED!
game-hours: 2052.7
review: I LOVE DOTA 2 <3
game-hours: 1947.2
review: have you ever wondered how you could finally learn more about russia and its interesting culture? Well wonder no longer, with this great game you can learn everything there is to know about the russians, they will happily teach you their language, culture and differences compared to western culture. So what are you waiting for? DAVAY DAVAY DAVAY
game-hours: 1781.3
review: no way should this be turned down the only problem is low prority take my advice one bad game is worse than six. Anyway the community isnt the best but its easu to find friends casual or pro pick up this game its an easy pick
game-hours: 1134.4
review: e tare
game-hours: 1728.8
review: BEST GAME EVER!
game-hours: 1800.1
review: The many reviews speak for themselves. Anyone who is into ARTS's should play this masterrace of a game.
game-hours: 1009.0
review: so cool
game-hours: 1881.0
review: Very nice game, must play for MMO fans and others as well.Superb collection of heroes and great graphics as well.
game-hours: 665.1
review: 228
game-hours: 728.0
review: awesome
game-hours: 2256.6
review: Best game
game-hours: 655.2
review: It's a really great game, and although one may suck at it like i do, it's always fun to play with your friends (and throw the game sometimes just to make them mad :D)
game-hours: 1149.8
review: better than LOL
game-hours: 1504.1
review: the only true moba game.
game-hours: 941.0
review: Better then any other moba game
game-hours: 60.8
review: This game is cool because of you can play with your friends .. ^_^
game-hours: 827.7
review: this is it
game-hours: 3499.5
review: dota 2
game-hours: 2953.3
review: White people shouldn't play the game. Only asians with skill can play.
game-hours: 599.7
review: Game used to be fun but is full of 11 year olds and russians. they need to fix the game also just play lol.
game-hours: 2654.0
review: best game ever. so addictive. GG
game-hours: 134.5
review: Newly absorbed into the cultivated mass of Dota 2 fanatics, I played League of Legends prior to my switch and found many of the differences appealed to the things I loved about Mobas. Def recommend anyone and everyone who enjoys Mobas to give it a try.
game-hours: 323.4
review: Probably the most addicting game i have ever played. Better than HON and LOL! Cheers! :D
game-hours: 843.4
review: this a game what i need
game-hours: 590.1
review: its kenda more fun than the old dota 1. and more interesting than ever..
game-hours: 160.0
review: It seems some players dont have the heart to help new players like myself learn, instead they make our experience worse by making fun of us and mocking us..there are heaps of Heroes to choose from, do you realy expect me to know how to play every single one of them?.. Its a nice game but the players are s
game-hours: 1211.1
review: it's okay
game-hours: 3104.6
review: good
game-hours: 471.4
review: Where Amazing Happens~
game-hours: 158.9
review: Rggy
game-hours: 1559.7
review: ahahaha run
game-hours: 4435.9
review: YEs
game-hours: 838.1
review: A really great game that forces you to think critically and challenges your hand-eye coordination.
game-hours: 706.4
review: A very intense game full of quick thinking
game-hours: 3.2
review: THIS GAME GOOD FOR US !!!
game-hours: 800.5
review: fgdfghdfhdfgh
game-hours: 1448.0
review: good
game-hours: 514.2
review: Looking at the origins of this game and the fact that it's free, this is one of the most awesome games there is! Words are not enough to describe the true value of such a piece of art. Only bad side is what at least used to be in Left 4 Dead community as well: our Eastern neighbours. If they can't talk English, then their preferred language shouldn't be English! Am i right? Ooh, the echoes of agreement... They fill the air. Whatever the case, 5/5 purily, cause salami is strong in this one!
game-hours: 313.9
review: Awesome
game-hours: 700.1
review: ASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCASDZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXCZXC
game-hours: 940.3
review: Dota 2 is a sick game and everyone should play it, its easy to learn and so fun to play.
game-hours: 1055.1
review: It is a really competitive game and a really fun game as well if you were to play with your friends. I would recommand playing this game.
game-hours: 3723.2
review: dota is my favorite games ever, this dota 2 game is make me so addicted :) thanks steam
game-hours: 583.0
review: yes
game-hours: 377.0
review: best game ever
game-hours: 2050.7
review: free plus you can get money out of it :)
game-hours: 760.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 2368.5
review: play it and fun with it
game-hours: 1690.2
review: song a
game-hours: 1435.8
review: 11/11
game-hours: 25.1
review: ACHEI MTO SHOW DE BOLA + EU TENHO 01 DUVIDA COMOESTALA
game-hours: 29.5
review: It's better than League of Legends
game-hours: 3615.6
review: Vry Nyc Game.. :P
game-hours: 525.1
review: basically 2 a sides fightin all a gurl we're fightan for n so couriers are in chillaxing and the heros are like superman not here SURPRISE  IMA  YO COUCH and then u use spells and  i dont even in know the plot rlly just ing QWER that  and go to the pinged spot no a you think itd be a gurl game considering all you in do is go shopping n' sass each other but nooOOooo
game-hours: 1225.3
review: nice review :D
game-hours: 226.6
review: good gejm
game-hours: 1896.0
review: One Of Favorite Online Game Ever <3
game-hours: 3078.1
review: Epick! :)
game-hours: 1287.5
review: There are always russians/brazilians/chineses in your team who will bring you down
game-hours: 873.5
review: LIKE THAT
game-hours: 321.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 374.0
review: aada
game-hours: 971.7
review: The Best
game-hours: 1749.4
review: my favorite game! :D
game-hours: 513.5
review: Great game, can play it all day everyday
game-hours: 1753.3
review: 1
game-hours: 0.3
review: This game is some hot .
game-hours: 351.6
review: I don't know how to play.
game-hours: 4691.6
review: Try hard everywhere =)
game-hours: 1656.4
review: I am an old dota player i was playing dota since w3 but all these new hero modifications and noob players and matchmaking system is so bad i just can't describe my feelings about this game. One of the biggest mistake of my life is the time i spent playing this game I made a mistake, make sure you don't
game-hours: 1430.6
review: afaaaaaaaaaa
game-hours: 1020.3
review: Why are you wasting your time reading the reviews!? Start playing the game!!!
game-hours: 2070.6
review: idi nahui davai blyat kongor
game-hours: 1.3
review: i like dis
game-hours: 341.4
review: dota2 is <3
game-hours: 971.7
review: auwm :3
game-hours: 1605.9
review: long last forever dota 2
game-hours: 4.2
review: Dota 2 is a great MOBA game for all to play, and is highly reccomended is you are familiar with Smite or League of Legends, which are also other great MOBA games. The Steam version is especially useful because of cross-platform support and big community to help you along the way. All in all, the game Dota 2 is a great free-to-play game that all should get. Submitted by Gid. funnygid123 on YouTube.
game-hours: 4737.9
review: add multi kill informaion in last dota 2
game-hours: 1645.1
review: must play ess mr chow saying it ess
game-hours: 2354.9
review: Best Game
game-hours: 3.9
review: It's ok
game-hours: 980.9
review: i like it :D
game-hours: 1277.3
review: Consumes your life, 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 3554.7
review: Bloop
game-hours: 831.5
review: Great game. Just attracts you. It is basically a weird game that people play coz they just want to compete with frndz or over XP them. But after te4chies update :3. The game is lagging. and steam community takes time to show its msg in game
game-hours: 740.5
review: Awesome game. Thanks to halflife valve. Ps: This game can change you life.
game-hours: 992.2
review: excellent
game-hours: 1838.0
review: waaaaaaaaw
game-hours: 2298.6
review: Words actually don't describe the adrenaline I get when I drive by 5 people and 4 I hit in-game.
game-hours: 37.9
review: I love this game!
game-hours: 453.4
review: Nice game . I Love Dota2
game-hours: 18.3
review: Thank you for those who managed this game... It gaves a lot of fun to the people who is busy in working like me ^^
game-hours: 1734.2
review: Real good. Like REAL good.
game-hours: 1782.8
review: if you love people screaming at you for not co-operating first and making your strartegy,playing against competitive people next then this is the game for you. hope you people wouldn't mind getting addicted to a game and all
game-hours: 1507.7
review: Destroyed all semblance of a social life for me. Highly recommended, 10/10.
game-hours: 1793.1
review: One thing I like about this game is that it can relieve your stress. I will definitely recommend it to others.
game-hours: 1.8
review: BEST GAME EVER!!!!! :) 1000000/10
game-hours: 1762.0
review: Love this game hope you download it and have fun like i have.
game-hours: 172.7
review: This is the game that made me start playing strategy games. Totally worth the time. The community is just great! At first i didn't get it, failed at everything but gradually i learned and now this game is one of my favorites. Also it's free so it's worth the try.
game-hours: 2128.6
review: This Is So Good Better Than Anything
game-hours: 543.6
review: It'll kill your life take up all your time and ruin all family relations. 10/10
game-hours: 122.7
review: this game is for all who want thrill and action.
game-hours: 427.1
review: this is so fun
game-hours: 199.8
review: Well it's good this like :3
game-hours: 1225.0
review: Avesome strategy game!
game-hours: 912.6
review: If you don't play this, you're a scrub... scrub.
game-hours: 646.2
review: a nice game
game-hours: 2723.8
review: Best mopa game everrrr!!
game-hours: 976.4
review: Great Game
game-hours: 1880.2
review: Good game FOr me...
game-hours: 382.6
review: For a long-running game, this is so addicting. My soul is slowly being eaten by this game and I'm still asking for some shamans to encase what remains of my sanity :)
game-hours: 3678.2
review: THE BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 1409.7
review: :))) LIKE
game-hours: 140.8
review: lol  melhor
game-hours: 1764.7
review: in Awesome
game-hours: 702.9
review: GG....
game-hours: 2950.3
review: The best game in the world
game-hours: 982.1
review: Great
game-hours: 558.7
review: anget2
game-hours: 1481.1
review: yes
game-hours: 2568.6
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 1430.1
review: awasome moba game
game-hours: 537.2
review: GG
game-hours: 285.3
review: doTA
game-hours: 3889.4
review: Very importan, when you playing dota 2 must play only with food =)
game-hours: 1821.0
review: nice
game-hours: 533.7
review: Who needs rosetta stone when you have this?
game-hours: 342.8
review: this is the best online games ever:)
game-hours: 688.9
review: this a really good game for us
game-hours: 1662.4
review: good game
game-hours: 366.5
review: A fun game that never gets old even on the same map 9/10
game-hours: 1263.4
review: vqfwgegteht
game-hours: 77.7
review: it's the best game ever. JUST KIDDING
game-hours: 612.1
review: addicted game :v
game-hours: 1613.9
review: i love this game it really helps me killing time lol. and its so much fun too play, but i dont like the players who is racist. :D
game-hours: 182.3
review: Nice
game-hours: 73.1
review: Gaming Time !!!
game-hours: 803.2
review: Try to play this more often...for more trades,items & xp!
game-hours: 754.0
review: Amayzing
game-hours: 878.0
review: GOOOD
game-hours: 897.2
review: Play hard this game
game-hours: 384.9
review: Really Good Game :>
game-hours: 506.7
review: This game is very addicting and also very fun. I have to say i enjoyed playing every single bit of this game with a variety of heroes you can use. The servers are really near to where you live and I can play at around 20-50 Ping and with no lag. Although the game is fun, it has a learning curve and it also takes a while to get used to. My final verdict for this game overall is a 9/10, Simply Outstanding. Edit: Game also develops racism towards people. Best exclusive feature a game can have
game-hours: 2529.3
review: If you have hours upon hours of uninterruptable spare time then by all means passive-aggressively breathe into a microphone from anywhere from 5 minutes to over 90 minutes. P.S thanks for taking my money. . . fgtcunts
game-hours: 636.3
review: Strategy and Struggle
game-hours: 2103.7
review: Owesome game No one beat this game in my life..!! :) :D
game-hours: 851.2
review: Best game ever :)
game-hours: 1471.9
review: EVERYONE CANT STOP FROM PLAYING DOTA 2 RIGHT? :) .. I WULD AGREE WITH THAT.. LOVE THE GAME
game-hours: 2074.3
review: Tnx really like this game :D
game-hours: 206.8
review: I ate a tree and my medical condition improved 11/10
game-hours: 560.2
review: You have to play with other people, who are always bad. But other than than that I rate it a 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 970.4
review: please i want oracle :3
game-hours: 1704.7
review: A great PvP game that offers some of the most intriguing and nuanced team combat around.
game-hours: 1515.0
review: best game ever
game-hours: 2207.1
review: Ruined my life. 10/10 stars :D
game-hours: 1339.0
review: It's a very fun team based game, in fact one of the best in the world.
game-hours: 1737.2
review: khdkhg
game-hours: 3201.1
review: Mo funn
game-hours: 2099.4
review: the best game ever.... i played many many games like cod cs nfs gta crysis max payne and what not nothing matches this game
game-hours: 623.1
review: nice :) DOTA2 is Great Game (y)
game-hours: 1374.5
review: asd
game-hours: 1424.2
review: yes
game-hours: 1120.4
review: Vwery Gurd Gome 10/12323343 would recomondo + bangde Elso plox add moi on stemo erma gerd fernd ;3
game-hours: 1261.9
review: Worst FPS ever.
game-hours: 1082.7
review: Valve Corporation is a nice corporation and All rights reserved. I enjoy playing your games
game-hours: 446.3
review: I cannot tell you how much I love this game. one of the best thing s about it is its versitility: wanna play a casual game for 5 mins? sure play 1v1 mid lane practice, or a limited heros match. wanna play and extreamly complicated and intense game with 9 other players for 30-60 mins? go play a 5v5 all pick ranked match, or a random death match. If you are willing to study the inerworkings of the game it can be even more fun. you'll also meet lots of new freinds! ^_^ and on top of ALL THAT it's FREE. F-R-E-E, how could you turn such a great game down?
game-hours: 1601.4
review: One of the most in depth and fun games to hit the web, a daunting character pool with new additions keeps the game alive and fresh. It has a steep learning curve that you never can escape, but that keeps the fun flowing!
game-hours: 1379.4
review: dota2 , my favorite MOBA game
game-hours: 1830.7
review: dota b7bha o heik, post
game-hours: 3171.7
review: Dota 2 is one of the best games i've ever played. I played warcraft 3 a bunch and dota 1 from that. I fell in love with the game mechanics and the amazing humor of it all.
game-hours: 554.6
review: Dota 2 in a Nutshell: Quits game cause of personal buisness (put in low tier matchmaking) Team is reporting you for no reason (put in low tier matchmaking) Doesnt want to commend player for doing nothing (put in low tier matchmaking) So in Conclusion 10/10 would dota again,24/7 low tier matchmaking #420W33dEVVVRRYDuy
game-hours: 2524.4
review: Great game, very addicting. So many hours.
game-hours: 2457.7
review: One of the best, if most complicated games i have ever played.
game-hours: 361.7
review: Hard to get the hang of but after the game opens up for every thing! Its a 10/10 will not stop playing!
game-hours: 1180.9
review: Good game to play
game-hours: 984.8
review: great game! awesome!
game-hours: 574.2
review: Frustration, deep-seated anger and then joyous release. Masturbation Simulator 2014.
game-hours: 1461.8
review: Dota is a competitive game of action and strategy, played both professionally and casually
game-hours: 2312.0
review: AWESOME GAME!
game-hours: 1342.4
review: GOOD !
game-hours: 1467.5
review: Dota 2 make me happy
game-hours: 971.3
review: fun free-for-all game
game-hours: 1433.8
review: good game
game-hours: 1527.6
review: An awesome game for people who are tired of games that rely mostly on grinding and farming for hours to become the best player. This game introduces you to a new perspective where skill and team play is what the game needs to win matches. It never gets boring and alot of heroes to choose from. 10/10
game-hours: 695.2
review: <3
game-hours: 101.7
review: best game~~
game-hours: 931.1
review: prpo
game-hours: 23.5
review: Good as ghee. ing sick. Thumbs up. 10/10 would do gen.
game-hours: 3329.1
review: Won this game with 4 russians in my team... Im pretty sure i can nail Dark Souls, though i never played it before.
game-hours: 13.5
review: 9/10. I got sick of playing it too much! It's very addicting, even though it's almost exactly like LOL. :3
game-hours: 1930.3
review: This game is a drug
game-hours: 1465.3
review: very nice game
game-hours: 1300.9
review: One of the games that don't need to be reviewed.
game-hours: 1465.3
review: very nice game
game-hours: 1300.9
review: One of the games that don't need to be reviewed.
game-hours: 309.7
review: good in playing
game-hours: 1128.7
review: addicting game ahaha
game-hours: 108.0
review: nice game.... and good graphics
game-hours: 2324.3
review: MY MIND IS EXPLODING WITH IDEAS 11/10 - Techies
game-hours: 1424.9
review: Nice game
game-hours: 350.1
review: Better than everything
game-hours: 965.6
review: I LOVE DOTA2 <3
game-hours: 1304.8
review: his graphics is very good and i love this game :P
game-hours: 103.4
review: Nope
game-hours: 1634.9
review: Please add the Ice Wyvern hero from dota 1 to the game.
game-hours: 696.0
review: This game is awesome, if you're a fan of HoN, DoTA 1, or LOL. Very good community support, and good developers.
game-hours: 1757.3
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 2174.7
review: Dota is back. Its bigger and its better...
game-hours: 3241.8
review: This game is helping me learn swear words in multiple languages. 10/10 Would reccomend
game-hours: 3924.7
review: good
game-hours: 3.8
review: I like the green dude. Thats why I got the game.
game-hours: 26.1
review: this is the worst game i ever played since the last bombing we had in Africa and ye they should nerf the stun HAHAH like 5 sec Much love Barack Obama
game-hours: 3889.8
review: this game is god damn addictive
game-hours: 1928.3
review: good game i like dota2
game-hours: 54.8
review: My Dota 2 lvl >>> 3 :)
game-hours: 4030.6
review: After I played this game my cancer was cured. Thank you, IceFrog!
game-hours: 4278.9
review: hi. review
game-hours: 2254.2
review: The No. 1 Game Ever!
game-hours: 491.5
review: awesm !!!!!! addictiveeeeeeeeeeeeeeee :D
game-hours: 1943.5
review: Dude,I used to have such a rough time with this game unitl I beat the final boss and finally beat it. Now it's super easy, I can't wait for Dota 3 to hurry up and come out.
game-hours: 62.1
review: The Best Game Ever!!!... Lolz...haha #Dota2Player...
game-hours: 69.2
review: If you like playing with russians then this is the game for you - putin/10
game-hours: 892.8
review: Awesome game! =)
game-hours: 299.7
review: uh
game-hours: 63.9
review: Must play This Game . (MUST)
game-hours: 2955.4
review: this game +1 good
game-hours: 1524.6
review: The game that makes you hate your friends and love random people! It's Dota2, you don't need a review! It's awesome!
game-hours: 620.9
review: Dota 2 is a true Free 2 Play game. The game does not require you to buy an item to use a certain function (Team Fortress 2), this game gives you every ability from the start. Anything extra as in reskins or tournaments are not nessecesary as you sometimes earn items after a round. GG Valve on making the perfect F2P Game.
game-hours: 1942.9
review: My favorite game to play. Its free to play and very fun for being free to play. It's a competitive game though and is not suited for the casual gamer. I recommend this game to anybody who has had experience with RTS or other MOBA's.
game-hours: 881.4
review: wew
game-hours: 2288.8
review: qwerty
game-hours: 1256.2
review: asasa
game-hours: 2791.2
review: good games from valve !
game-hours: 1728.6
review: dota2 is my favourite games...
game-hours: 2141.1
review: good
game-hours: 2406.2
review: The best computer game in the history of mankind.
game-hours: 705.9
review: A nice game. more on strategy ilove it. This game has ruined into my social life, I spend my time a lot here everyday. On this game training and practicing i do most to become one of the greatest dota2 player someday. hahahaha :)
game-hours: 233.2
review: Kidaj breeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
game-hours: 4181.1
review: Take your time to learn and get involved with one of the best time killer in the games world....Competitive as hell and most fun to play...Keep calm and play on!!
game-hours: 750.1
review: yes
game-hours: 863.5
review: Marai mumet ki boss nek maen sue2
game-hours: 0.5
review: Dis game be dog
game-hours: 1604.2
review: very nice game for make a strategy
game-hours: 1081.8
review: 10/10 IGN BEST GAME EVER OBVIOUSLY
game-hours: 1828.8
review: Nice game Dota 2
game-hours: 1203.8
review: you'll play it a bunch
game-hours: 264.6
review: good game
game-hours: 1098.6
review: good games
game-hours: 1089.4
review: and?
game-hours: 523.4
review: nice
game-hours: 1181.2
review: Get this game, I hate it<3
game-hours: 3144.2
review: Dota 2 tell my a history about the best guy in the world peruvian pick pudge and go mid.. And the russian carry on SA server. So Dota 2 is a terrible cancer in stupid  cyka  and tell history about jajajajajjajajajajjaja
game-hours: 1570.4
review: Awesomee
game-hours: 1746.9
review: @@@
game-hours: 2.5
review: I dont understand
game-hours: 1277.0
review: Nice and competitive game
game-hours: 1188.8
review: The Best game i ever Played
game-hours: 1658.3
review: gg
game-hours: 1201.6
review: n1 game
game-hours: 401.9
review: nice game !
game-hours: 1721.1
review: just play
game-hours: 778.6
review: A standard match of Dota 2 features the strongholds of two opposing factions, the Radiant and the Dire, containing critical structures called "Ancients", which are surrounded by a number of lesser buildings. The bases of these two factions are connected by three main paths, referred to as "lanes", which are guarded by defensive towers, as well as autonomous units called "creeps", which periodically spawn in groups and traverse the lanes, attacking enemy units or structures they encounter. The Dota 2 map is functionally symmetrical, despite having a number of critical differences conferring a variety of advantages and disadvantages to each side. The Radiant is based at the southwest corner of the map, while the Dire is based at the northeast corner; the two sides are divided by a river that runs perpendicular to the central lane. The two teams, typically composed of five players each, are pitted against one another to compete as the defenders for their respective Ancients.[6] Featured across the map are hostile units referred to as "neutrals", which are not aligned to either faction and are primarily located in the forests. Located on the northeast side of the river is a "boss" called "Roshan", who typically requires multiple team members to kill and drops strategically powerful items.
game-hours: 698.6
review: THE MOST AWESOME GAME EVER
game-hours: 1578.1
review: Great Game but too much toxic players
game-hours: 1.1
review: (   )
game-hours: 1392.0
review: Learning Russian has never been more soul crushing
game-hours: 218.4
review: i like this game ...... making people connects in every place in the world
game-hours: 527.8
review: Its ruined ma whole life but i cant quit playing dota......
game-hours: 1819.8
review: DOPE GAME LIKE MY BARS!!
game-hours: 1182.7
review: Very Nice Game! :)
game-hours: 1464.6
review: Fun and entertaining to play with friends :D
game-hours: 1815.2
review: this game is really good
game-hours: 583.5
review: GG
game-hours: 603.2
review: THIS GAME HAS RUINED MY LIFE!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 671.3
review: kkk
game-hours: 453.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 526.3
review: Awesome Games Ever :D
game-hours: 3319.0
review: nz
game-hours: 91.5
review: ggwp
game-hours: 98.4
review: Gooood (y)
game-hours: 509.3
review: The best MOBA game ever !
game-hours: 304.1
review: Perfect Game, if you want to escape reality.
game-hours: 34.6
review: Viciante de mais. No recomendo!
game-hours: 818.2
review: ;)
game-hours: 640.2
review: This game sucks, everyone gets mad at me and I get mad at them. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 279.6
review: yyyyy
game-hours: 402.3
review: itis a good game play it
game-hours: 980.9
review: This game is AWESOME!
game-hours: 915.8
review: The adventure from the WC3 DOTA 1 to Heroes of Newerth to DOTA 2 was an interesting trek. I stopped playing DOTA 1 around the time Batrider was added, stopped playing HoN when Midas was added, and am still playing DOTA 2 to this day. I recall in DOTA 1 when everyone used wc3banlist with auto refreshing slots and autobanning over 100ms players. People never warded, sentries were hardly used and everyone was pretty bad overall. It was a  load of fun however, particularily because so many people I knew were engrossed in DOTA and played nothing else. (Except CS 1.6) Techies remote mining Roshan, feeding your carries with gold (WC3 share gold feature), Phantom Assassin's evasion made her basically invisible minus her shadow... the list goes on. Heroes of Newerth was a title that I hadn't heard of until my friend mentioned it and I got to use his BETA account, shortly after it was launched for $20. Amazing, all the DOTA heroes and items, but with a few new additions every so often. The graphics were much better than DOTA 1 and everything sounded badass. (Portal Key sound is still engrained in my mind.) The problem was that it eventually went F2P with "freemium" features like paid heroes to compete with League of Legends and the DOTA 2 official "open beta" launch. Now we have DOTA 2. Crisp graphics, Valve supremacy, Gaben. Cosmetic only purchasables, very functional UI, solid framerates on any mid-range gaming PC, Valve supremacy, Gaben. I'm just listing the stuff I like. Mirana, smoothness of heroes turning (Suck it, League), Active Items (Suck it again, League), and Valve supremacy. Gaben. Gabe up writing this review because I'm at work and a bunch of customers are here.
game-hours: 283.7
review: Great Game! You'll take a long time to learn the basics, and each character takes a few hour of gameplay to master them. But, even playing training sessions, it's very fun to play this game!
game-hours: 4710.1
review: GG = Gita Gutawa
game-hours: 593.5
review: This game...... so hard to describe. Do not recommend.
game-hours: 978.6
review: good game
game-hours: 997.4
review: (y)
game-hours: 2251.9
review: Do you play League? Are you sick of all the pugs and nobody will play with you? Trade up and get an invite to DOTA2! The voices are amazing, the graphics, while beta, are very polished whily not stressing most machines, and the gameplay is an order of magnitude deeper in surprising ways. It is also the least-forgiving MOBA around (aside from WC3 DOTA, which has a more hardcore following and WC3-engine bugs). "Welome to DOTA, you suck." I know I do.
game-hours: 1075.5
review: Incredibly fun game. Challenging and the skill levels have a wide range but the match making sorts most of the better players from the inexperienced ones so that it is still challenging at all levels you play at.
game-hours: 1053.1
review: this game sucks dont play it i promise
game-hours: 792.4
review: recomended and love this game so much
game-hours: 1856.3
review: good game.
game-hours: 2565.9
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 544.1
review: :D (y)
game-hours: 880.3
review: Very Nice Game, This Game Is Amazing
game-hours: 1294.8
review: It's ok.
game-hours: 1529.9
review: A great PvP game that offers some of the most intriguing and nuanced team combat around.
game-hours: 185.5
review: Better than League Of Legends. A game where you need to have pro skill to win.
game-hours: 1522.3
review: Best game ever played
game-hours: 801.6
review: BEST GAME THERE IS TY VALVE :D
game-hours: 678.7
review: I die not for nothing !!!
game-hours: 7.3
review: ...... :D :)
game-hours: 648.5
review: This makes me so GOOD!!!
game-hours: 1409.8
review: I LIKE WHEN PLAYING AND NOT DISCONECT BUT IF PLAYING THEN DISCONECT,LIKE A  DISTURB VERY2 DISTURBING ME BUT I LIKE SO MUCH ABOUT DOTA 2
game-hours: 1413.6
review: good
game-hours: 193.8
review: yes ilove dota 2?
game-hours: 1143.2
review: good game
game-hours: 80.6
review: DOTA 2 adds a great deal of complexity to the MOBA genre. Its balance tenet is: "Everything goes." There is no character that is underpowered; in fact, they're all overpowered in their own way. The game places a great burden of knowledge over whoever tries it out. Be sure to stick to Co-op games for starters. The tutorial may prepare you slightly, but the game as a whole is a lot more complex than other MOBAs on the market. Oh, and the saying "It ain't over till it's over" applies here. You can't be sure you're winning until the Radiant/Dire goes down. Lots of rooms for comebacks in here, but the game is far more snowbally than other MOBAs.
game-hours: 258.3
review: veri gud
game-hours: 3810.4
review: dniwe ebanoe
game-hours: 965.8
review: hmmm
game-hours: 1491.9
review: !
game-hours: 314.2
review: great game to play with :D
game-hours: 331.6
review: If you don't have this game. You're really missing out. Not only is it free but it's a very good game! It's currently my favorite and it's very popular. Give it a try and learn it. It took some time for me to learn it and now I love it!
game-hours: 2127.6
review: a good game to play
game-hours: 2454.2
review: JAJAJJAJAJJA
game-hours: 491.0
review: df
game-hours: 0.7
review: As soon as I clicked install, I grew a massive erection. It still hasn't gone down.
game-hours: 7.3
review: I suck at THIS!!!!
game-hours: 992.2
review: i love dota.. zzz
game-hours: 428.9
review: Rage Play Win Rage FRIENDS Rage
game-hours: 1750.5
review: I play this game more in 2 weeks than some people go to their jobs, I have 117 hours in these past 2 weeks on this game and it feels worth it with the entertainment.
game-hours: 1007.9
review: This is truly the greatest game ever made.
game-hours: 891.7
review: Very great game and take note ITS FREE! Waiting for other heros to be released. Very Much Excited!
game-hours: 187.3
review: Seriously, I've gone from paying Heroes of Newrth to League of Legends to Dota and the only game I've stuck to playing constantly out of the three is Dota. I find it easier than HoN but more challenging than League. I have no major glitches like I did when I played League and I love all the heroes that can be played. I've gotten quite a few of my friends to either pick Dota 2 back up or to start playing it. Like any other game you run into a few rude players but otherwise the community is great. I highy recommend this to anyone looking for a game to play like League or HoN!
game-hours: 2010.2
review: i want more keys to invite my friends :P
game-hours: 2273.7
review: as
game-hours: 1132.6
review: This is tons of fun and very challenging
game-hours: 147.3
review: Nice Game I had ever played> WEW WEW Ahehe
game-hours: 1473.8
review: Nice game
game-hours: 327.8
review: Well made game. Do you have 4 other friends to consistantly play with? no? dont bother with this one then.
game-hours: 1225.6
review: like (Y)
game-hours: 741.7
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 1149.5
review: DOTA this some nasty  MOBA i hate u so much but the  game ridiculous
game-hours: 46.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 137.3
review: very good game
game-hours: 2247.1
review: SAD GAME!!!!
game-hours: 1061.7
review: this is nice game
game-hours: 1151.4
review: "leroy sucks at this"
game-hours: 326.4
review: This is AWESOMEEE :D
game-hours: 1074.9
review: i love dota2
game-hours: 959.3
review: Nice
game-hours: 1983.6
review: ^_^Nice
game-hours: 926.5
review: best strategy game ever, try this n u will never regret it. this game is free to play,
game-hours: 151.5
review: Great game. addicting , with some stratagy with it.
game-hours: 1591.5
review: So much of fun!!! :D
game-hours: 138.5
review: This game has taught me that eating trees are very important for a balanced and healthy life.
game-hours: 1342.6
review: Best Game In the World :)
game-hours: 2378.6
review: test
game-hours: 412.8
review: -----The Good----- -The Graphics looks aweasome. -The Heroes Are Great. -Free To Play! -Strategic Game. -----The Bad---- -Some Players Are No Cooperation there team -Some other players are getting a low-priority because they just quick DC(Disconected) -Some players are quiting because they losing are should i say Rage Quit. So I Will Reccomend This Game. Its Your Choose If You Want To Download this game. :)
game-hours: 1092.0
review: Good
game-hours: 228.9
review: yea
game-hours: 1.2
review: Horrible
game-hours: 1779.1
review: GG
game-hours: 631.9
review: it's fun to play
game-hours: 569.9
review: Awesome game, very fun (BETTER THAN LOL)
game-hours: 569.9
review: Awesome game, very fun (BETTER THAN LOL)
game-hours: 186.4
review: lets play
game-hours: 1850.4
review: Never before have I hated people who don't have a mic so much. This game has made vocal communication the only way to communicate during a game. Also, I am now racist against anyone who doesn't speak english. 10 of 10
game-hours: 1592.9
review: good
game-hours: 1027.6
review: dont play dota 2 , why ?????????
game-hours: 1597.5
review: commend me nice plz.. ^_^
game-hours: 187.4
review: why is it not opening the game dota 2 plz help plz fix it :(
game-hours: 976.9
review: keeewl
game-hours: 3263.8
review: niceeeee
game-hours: 506.3
review: i love it!
game-hours: 744.4
review: awesome
game-hours: 1025.1
review: good game
game-hours: 191.8
review: Amazing game!! Must play.. only if the low priority matches could be reduced... all in all 10/10 :)
game-hours: 2103.5
review: It took at least 1 year of my live, highly recommended
game-hours: 796.2
review: fun
game-hours: 895.1
review: really like the game, but I couldnt find the stupid cake.
game-hours: 503.9
review: dota is my game and my name is LEN <3
game-hours: 683.1
review: this is awesome game, we play together with many people from another country
game-hours: 1835.3
review: FANTASTIC GAME
game-hours: 553.0
review: The number 1 game in the Philippines!
game-hours: 1026.6
review: I got fingered by a lion and died.  was so cash 10/10 would get fingered again.
game-hours: 1012.5
review: Muito bom!
game-hours: 281.6
review: Really fun game and I favour it over League of Legends.
game-hours: 382.0
review: This game is Awesome...You can battle through out other countries with epic Hero Items and Gears....
game-hours: 1248.2
review: great game
game-hours: 4880.4
review: best game ever. cant get enough
game-hours: 1686.3
review: best game evaaa!! =0
game-hours: 3505.3
review: AMAZING!!!
game-hours: 1540.6
review: A great game, the heroes offer a variety of ways to play and with the constant update a more equal matches
game-hours: 2547.6
review: good
game-hours: 3816.3
review: It's DOTA. What's not to like?
game-hours: 2157.4
review: _  give techies   _
game-hours: 1113.4
review: well
game-hours: 906.2
review: This game is ruining my life. On the bright side I learned some Russian and Spanish. 9/10
game-hours: 2779.0
review: This game will soon become extremely predictable. Let's say you have all the necessary components to make a team and then you have one rando on your team that hasn't picked yet. All you need is a support to make it complete, well guess what?! He is going to pick Pudge and win you the game. Don't worry jajajaja is a good sign. If you don't know what that means you will soon know. Good luck out there kid.
game-hours: 881.2
review: Stay in the trees.
game-hours: 705.0
review: I had a life, money, friends.. before dota.
game-hours: 2285.5
review: dota zaebis`
game-hours: 6818.1
review: aaa
game-hours: 9.5
review: Dota 2 is a really addictive MOBA. While I still love playing League of Legends, I also love playing Dota 2. Dota 2 is more of a challenge then League of Legends, which makes Dota a really fun game to experiment with and have fun on.
game-hours: 1011.6
review: The best team game experience / strategy game you can find in the industry ... Dota simply combines all the great ideas into one competitive match . Many games try to copy dota 2's mechanism and playstyle but they fail by a long shot..
game-hours: 997.0
review: Intrested in a fight ?
game-hours: 9.0
review: Great
game-hours: 841.7
review: Good game
game-hours: 1368.0
review: if you have basic from dota 1, you should explore here.. quite different from dota 1.. atleast you have more friend to play with..
game-hours: 305.4
review: 11/10 where teamwork is  and u dnt knw what you are doing
game-hours: 839.5
review: FVKED MOM OF THIS GAME UP TILL THE ASSS Ruined my life and took my BF from me +reason why i hate russians now.
game-hours: 1008.6
review: LOL
game-hours: 501.6
review: Good Game
game-hours: 474.2
review: good
game-hours: 2874.2
review: Good
game-hours: 64.0
review: best game
game-hours: 847.7
review: Short review Pros +Absolutely no pay to win +Really depends on your skills, teamwork (and connection) +huge variety on 1 map (100+ heroes, many items build to combine) +Its fun if you have good team (and own the match) +Many game modes which is fun but some of them requires great experience +Doesn't really need high PC spec, but need good connection but still got good graphich and gameplay +Customizing hero with the store item is fun, the items are cool but some of them can cost like $400 for a piece of item (i will be much fun if you are rich  kid) +you can practice with bot offline +Many more -Can get IMBA (imbalance, your enemies is too strong because of tricks and builds, you have to be clever to counter) -Usually, players from *********** can get annoying (rude behaviour, noisy voice chat, and sometimes they suck (no offense)) -Can really2 cause you slamming your keyboard for many reasons (meaning : stress) -Even if you are really good, 1 trashy teammate / 1 trashy action from your teammate and boom. uninstall this game. -Feeder (someone who dont kill, but killed by enemy a lot/ Stupid noobsh*t) everywhere -The community isn't bad, but not the best at all (trash talkers, trade scammers) -I'll tell you one more time, if you are not the patient type at all, i suggest avoid this game. -Low prior system (leaving an active game penalty for more than 5 minutes which is called abandon) sometimes is annoying Conclusion: A really2 fun game, Literally its only 1 map but its just never makes me boring (except there's a feeder) But sometimes it's really annoying because...... human make mistakes Its really a fair game but can be really unfair 1 player can lose or win the game its all about balance... I fuc***g love this game
game-hours: 654.6
review: nice
game-hours: 208.6
review: rat doto, best doto
game-hours: 2048.2
review: best game ever
game-hours: 55.5
review: Nice and cool game
game-hours: 1332.6
review: Nice
game-hours: 1678.5
review: This is not a game. This is life. o.O This is very addictive and life goes around it. You just think only of DOTA.....DOTA.....DOTA.....DOTA...................
game-hours: 21.7
review: Great game
game-hours: 510.6
review: DotA 2 is the best game ever.
game-hours: 12.7
review: When I hear the phrase "Dota 2 is good, just look at how many people play it," I can't help but make myself blue from facepalming so hard. Call of Duty has millions of players. The thing is they're all 12 year olds with tourrettes and particularly ignorant mothers. The gaming society is so fanatic about numbers that they forget that criticism and praise are reflections of an individual's formed beliefs. That being said, Dota 2 is a terrible game, and that's not an opinion; it's the truth. Valve's fear of the number 3 has thrown them afar by pushing number 2's (yes, I did just say that, laugh it up) of all their other series. Portal 2, Left 4 Dead 2 and Half Life 2 as well as Half Life 2: Episode 2. But now they are doing it to games they don't originally own! Repetition is useful in debates and extremely rarely in games. A lesson Valve is eagerly forgetting to the point where Dota 2 doesn't even have multiple maps to change things up. I see it's up to the players to pose new situations; how inadvertently lethargic. I cannot comprehend how players can have over 3000 hours doing the same thing; let alone 5. To put this in today's terms; Dota 2 is so stupid your mum asked me what I was doing and when I replied "I'm playing Defense of the Ancients" she freaked out believing that I was attempting to prevent her murder. I weep for future generations that, when asked to list 10 goods things about the 21st century, can only find numerous references to swag, Justin Bieber and the mindset that a large amount of players in a game means everyone in the whole world should enjoy it. And before you ask, yes I did just put a 'your mum is so old' joke in an analysis, thanks for noticing.
game-hours: 2663.1
review: This game is awesome
game-hours: 2303.3
review: This game.............. Is why I'm Dota_heaD. From the depths of 2002's Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos and later 2003's The Frozen Throne expansion released two different versions of Defense Of The Ancients in Use Map Settings custom game mode. The game was a wild success. The Frozen Throne version is the truest to Dota 2's gameplay, items, heroes, and spells. RoC DotA was arguably more fun for hardcore players but TFT soared in popularity. This remake, unlike HoN (which is honestly the better game in several aspects), takes all the old skills, revamps them, gives them new Aghanim's Scepter buffs, and makes warding a nightmare (seriously though, warding in HoN is a pleasure compared to Dota 2). Dota 2 is my most-played go-to game. It elicits the greatest feelings of disappointment and triumph alike! The community in Dota 2 is abysmal but that includes ME! The untrollable troll! So if you're well prepared for pointless criticisms of item-builds, know-it-all noobs who've played under 500 games and presume to think they've already seen everything this game has to offer.... you're in luck! Honestly though, this game is like a religion. If you're not deeply invested into it, you'll never be particularly good and you'll NEVER enjoy the game, not even once. This game commands your attention like no other. This game challenges your patience for other human beings like no other. This game will drive you insane. And you will thank yourself for it.
game-hours: 680.5
review: Bester game ever =))
game-hours: 1733.2
review: gg
game-hours: 955.6
review: All right, same as everyone here: hard game, very nob unfriendly, highly addicting, full of russians. Did I mention that is hard to master and that people are going to kill you for every mistake? On the other hand you have a free to play game that rewards the efforts put in learning everything. Starting with the jargon ("carry, creep, pusher, warding, ganking, bot, solo lane, going rosh, ,..."). Try it, dive in it, forget life.
game-hours: 868.6
review: i'm sexy and i know it :3
game-hours: 3902.8
review: Tough to learn, but well worth the time.
game-hours: 1606.1
review: This game is good.
game-hours: 388.4
review: I really like how Dota 2 is getting the "Free to Play" Model right.
game-hours: 2815.9
review: Good game, it will make you addicted
game-hours: 1846.3
review: Toxic ranked match making. 10/10 would queue again.
game-hours: 2379.7
review: good
game-hours: 1761.6
review: I don't want to play this game anymore ;-;
game-hours: 1238.9
review: .
game-hours: 2283.6
review: it is okee
game-hours: 2271.5
review: This is the !
game-hours: 2661.1
review: . 10/10 would report u for feed again. I think this game has made me partially more russian. I can understand a lot of russian as well as spanish and i can read chinese like no other. I call this path in dota... The  Blyat technique. You gather as much knowledge of the three languages then proceed to say 4 things. "omg mid  blyat" I have 100% win rate with this technique. If you liked political simulator ur going to love this game
game-hours: 4138.2
review: Awesome + Free to play ;)
game-hours: 9729.3
review: wow sick game, grats
game-hours: 1431.2
review: Do you recommend this game?YES!
game-hours: 1564.4
review: Best way how to learn foreign languagues just queve to Russia West and your language knowledge will be much wider in a few minutes, this game causes seizures, low self esteem, uncontrollable rage, questioning of world's existance and the most important thing teamwork. P.S. most used words in DOTA: , davai, blyat, jebat tvoji mamu, pierdolok, kopula (Chronosphere) and mid or feed 10/10 Asari would play Commander Shepard out, I should go.
game-hours: 2856.4
review: It's a trap D:
game-hours: 27.6
review: Colorful and interesting game, it has a plenty of heroes to explore and same with gear for them, it will ge a good time taker for few days, but then You will get to tacticks and if you enjoy this genre games You will go for scores, if not most likely You will play something else.
game-hours: 40.9
review: Depends
game-hours: 0.0
review: Complete garbage, now get back to episode 3 gaben
game-hours: 298.6
review: so nice to play this.
game-hours: 850.8
review: Its is a very good game with good balancing and intersting abilities, but as you probaly read before, you can compare the communitie with a waste bin. People will just scream at you when you do someting wrong and leave the game after that and don't forget the famous mid or feed strategy. Communication in this game is hard, the game does it good at that point, but then the russians and arabians or whatever show up when you clearly clicked EU-WEST and that you want to meet up with ENGLISH people instead of other language. So yeah, game is perfectly with regulary updates and interesting events, but the communitie really needs to get better (I mean a LOT better) or valve should just link english people with real english people and auto search for the best server instead of choosing the server. i would say 9.5/10 for the game (nothing is perfect) and 2/10 for the communitie (sometimes you meet a nice person)
game-hours: 589.0
review: Good game :)
game-hours: 1234.4
review: Yes
game-hours: 406.1
review: awesome game
game-hours: 298.9
review: I like it because dota1 is boring now so i play dota 2 cuz its awesome
game-hours: 1356.7
review: it made me play more
game-hours: 1876.0
review: YOU WANNA PLAY MOBA/ARTS GAME? THEN WAIT NO MORE, PLAY DOTA 2! NOT ONLY YOU'RE GONNA FAIL YOUR GRADES, YOUR GIRLFRIEND WILL LEAVE YOU! (IF YOU HAVE ONE) PLAY NOW! AND GET FREE DLC NAGGING MOM!!!
game-hours: 1015.0
review: imba move.
game-hours: 409.6
review: good job|!
game-hours: 1475.0
review: All about Strategy (y)
game-hours: 3697.3
review: Whats not to like! Best of the bunch!
game-hours: 3042.3
review: BECAUSE DOTO *_*
game-hours: 1126.1
review: Dota ruined my life....
game-hours: 1228.0
review: Its good to see DOTA come into the new age, constant updates, classic gameplay, love it
game-hours: 839.8
review: Love dota 2!!!
game-hours: 65.5
review: i like this game
game-hours: 2483.8
review: good game
game-hours: 961.6
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 195.8
review: Good Game
game-hours: 41.8
review: Kappa
game-hours: 455.4
review: great game.. i ever play
game-hours: 386.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 926.6
review: this game is perfect
game-hours: 2199.8
review: best game in the world
game-hours: 399.8
review: I love this game more than I love anyone..the best ing game ever!
game-hours: 1003.1
review: This is is so awesome can't take away your boredom.
game-hours: 183.2
review: Awesome game. Highly recommend. PROS: - Constantly changing - Regular balancing updates - Highly strategic CONS: - Sucks away my soul
game-hours: 1076.4
review: This game is so fun, I want to play it more and more - it's like drugs :D
game-hours: 1625.8
review: Good
game-hours: 1215.9
review: best game, yet it is more diretida and festivals for Halloween it would be great
game-hours: 0.6
review: Valve'nin buglu oyunlarndan birisi gene.Oyunu almadm halde : "You already own Dota 2" diyor. sdfghjk
game-hours: 769.8
review: this is a amazing game
game-hours: 861.8
review: this game was cool :D
game-hours: 2128.2
review: this is it :D
game-hours: 1404.4
review: great game
game-hours: 2203.7
review: this is an interesting game with friendly community and has classic MOBA style in the new age.
game-hours: 29.9
review: Nice game to play
game-hours: 1750.5
review: palyed league of LoL but ive switched to volvo's doto because nashor give me immortal of the aegis
game-hours: 1364.6
review: #BetterthanLOL #Yolo Great game dont play LOL
game-hours: 554.1
review: You kill people.
game-hours: 217.8
review: GG
game-hours: 22.2
review: LAGOONA BLAZE IT
game-hours: 1820.1
review: Just give it a try.
game-hours: 952.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 314.9
review: Why my team is always .. how to say it ..... patetic?
game-hours: 1023.0
review: Good Game!
game-hours: 1155.8
review: NICE GAME SUCH WOW MUCH INTENSE
game-hours: 5.0
review: A VERSION THAT WORKS WITH NORTON
game-hours: 2732.7
review: Easiest game of my life!
game-hours: 1562.7
review: best game ever.
game-hours: 13.3
review: Don't really know what I'm doing on this.. Rough idea. Sort of like LoL.
game-hours: 40.9
review: ....
game-hours: 314.8
review: best game ever
game-hours: 474.8
review: Best
game-hours: 791.7
review: very nice game that is continually evolving!
game-hours: 3429.1
review: nice game lots of fun nice community love it <3<3<3
game-hours: 1155.4
review: Russians, Feeders, People with no mics. Kids, , more Russians, Peruvians. Best game ever. Highly reccommended!
game-hours: 1244.3
review: k
game-hours: 6005.8
review: The successor (or heir?) of the best Action-RTS, of the DotA-genre. Brilliant dialogues and lines, beautiful graphics -and every match is different from the one before. No matter if you play in 5v5 or against bots, it is always fun and stunningly not repetetive. DOTA2 is highly dependant on teamplay, working together is the key to win. PLAIN AWESOME!
game-hours: 71.1
review: ya
game-hours: 1424.9
review: The game in it slef is a team based strategy orientated one. Two teams of 5 are agaisnt each other, with the aim of destroying the enemy's base. If you like wit and reflex biased but still strategy based games, THIS is the one for you. Adopting multiple charaters from the warcraft 3 offspring/mod dota this game now has the ability and played enough the stand on its own. Enjoy!
game-hours: 555.1
review: I really recommended this game. The best game and only one game that I play now. I play dota warcraft III before and met Dota 2 and feel so good everyday to playing, I like this game and I'm from Indonesia :)
game-hours: 1273.0
review: most awesome game
game-hours: 99.2
review: TL DR : game is frustrating as
game-hours: 4581.7
review: if u wanna make yourself suffer start dota 2
game-hours: 310.0
review: best game ever ;)
game-hours: 4232.6
review: Nice game ^_^
game-hours: 969.0
review: If you wish to have very little social life this is the game for you! :( 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 444.4
review: most fun and addicting game ive ever played all i think about is dota
game-hours: 108.3
review: the best game!
game-hours: 1167.7
review: nice this game
game-hours: 586.7
review: Play it now
game-hours: 1693.4
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1800.3
review: best pass time :)
game-hours: 888.6
review: okay !
game-hours: 318.5
review: DOTA is not just the game, Got it
game-hours: 3435.7
review: Nice game. Worth playing...
game-hours: 1415.9
review: Yes,yes very nice
game-hours: 829.2
review: this is amazing game in my life.. good luck valve
game-hours: 351.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 562.6
review: Awesome game <3
game-hours: 1521.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 216.8
review: great game. 10/10. Must play
game-hours: 2154.5
review: fick this game pis of sheet
game-hours: 591.6
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 3348.6
review: One Of the best mmo stratagy game ever made.
game-hours: 1370.3
review: GUD
game-hours: 908.4
review: DOTA2 is for those who dont mind wasting time in front of a computer. Just look at most of the people who wrote reviews for this game. Most of them have more than 1000 hours in record XD
game-hours: 174.9
review: nice volvo, nice...
game-hours: 2606.8
review: If you have the patience to learn the game it can be fun. Be prepared to lose regardless of skill because some games are not winnable. Better with friends.
game-hours: 3223.9
review: best game
game-hours: 1868.3
review: Recommended!
game-hours: 1267.0
review: sjdkjhsgdafdk;jl';kghkfdsarESDHFGKLJGFDSTADHKETASR
game-hours: 2083.2
review: This game is my favorite
game-hours: 46.6
review: Most Famous Strategic Game, And awesome this game is free
game-hours: 192.9
review: I used to be an adventurer like you until i started playing dota...
game-hours: 42.4
review: Memulai karir di Dota 2
game-hours: 3287.1
review: A compelling game that allows casual gamers to engage on a more intellectual and active battlefield. Fast paced, intense action await those who crave for tactical MOBA skirmishes! Around a hundred heroes to choose from, and a million more to play with. Great job Valve!
game-hours: 2443.0
review: Fun multiplayer strategy games! Very enjoyable and addicting!
game-hours: 2122.8
review: The best strategy game ever. Works on Solo and Team coordination to win the game. No doubt created a new era in PC Gaming.
game-hours: 557.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 1400.9
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 920.8
review: recommended
game-hours: 750.3
review: Play Clever
game-hours: 62.8
review: i like this game so far :) keep it up
game-hours: 1584.5
review: ^_^
game-hours: 1749.6
review: M.O.B.A. king as you know. It took me 1 year to learn the mechanics of this game and im still dont know it completely so if you like complex games and if you are patient you should try this.
game-hours: 2374.4
review: <3
game-hours: 1633.3
review: YES. I DO RECOMMEND! ..... .So... when do I get my badge?
game-hours: 283.2
review: s
game-hours: 810.3
review: the literal best game ever but will devouer your life!!
game-hours: 1994.0
review: Amazing game
game-hours: 1067.2
review: game very good
game-hours: 1225.5
review: nice game. :)
game-hours: 1995.1
review: Discovered that I'm gay and russian
game-hours: 2209.0
review: Game is go(o)d
game-hours: 1247.1
review: 10/10 Dota 2 is an easy, intuitive guide on learning the fundamentals of Russian language and culture at the amazingly low cost of your self-esteem, sense of pride and personal worth.
game-hours: 1604.9
review: You either die a scrub or live long enough to be a  noob
game-hours: 1445.4
review: nice
game-hours: 954.9
review: like that
game-hours: 67.4
review: Wow much Russians 9.9/10
game-hours: 1872.6
review: Soul sucking game that turns you against your lads. Kudos.
game-hours: 967.8
review: Most competitive game on the planet. WAAAAAyY better community than the League
game-hours: 2317.6
review: great game,, always addict
game-hours: 2048.4
review: after plenty of hours i am now an expert of the russian languague, social and ethic structure. better play this game instead of studying russia. 11/10 would buy again. ,        ,      .               IDI Nahui. xaxaxa
game-hours: 714.2
review: YES
game-hours: 2068.8
review: DOTARINIO BEST Game EVERERINIO
game-hours: 1384.2
review: i like this game bow.
game-hours: 768.7
review: Best game i've seen before this
game-hours: 55.2
review: Lich gonna have your mana.
game-hours: 648.9
review: You will get addicted. Best multiplayer experience I've had since Halo 3 in its heyday.
game-hours: 696.0
review: this is one of the greatest games out there right now
game-hours: 600.4
review: Good Game
game-hours: 2206.1
review: like this game.. Good Job!
game-hours: 3674.8
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 1522.3
review: Two long years I have supposedly supported you, Even when you had left the lane for good, Some days I didnt know why it was so, I thought time would pass and it did But after all this time I'm still fond of warding for you. Today I awoke from a strange but sad nightmare Where I was getting rekd by Bane and Mirana I hadn't long seen, come from the fog of the jungle and in the distance I saw you approaching. So I Juked, Because I did not know what to do I wasn't ready, I was scared to see you fight. But you ran after me, super fed by the enemys Riki, Remembering now, you ran as if to beat me. Bloodseeker, why are you such a racecar? You caught up, and maybe I let you. I stopped and cast a few silly spells. You smirked and watched me die. IRL, I told myself not to cry. In game; I told myself not to cry. Why you linger in the jungle after all this time; I do not know My feelings are so confusing when I see you, last hits- 35 But how do you get so stronk I wonder? That's what I want to say. Volvo BS is OP plz, nerf now
game-hours: 45.2
review: If you ever feel like commiting suicide, just get this game instead, there sorta the same thing.
game-hours: 2337.1
review: The best strategy game based on Dota, you should try this game.
game-hours: 135.2
review: :) nice
game-hours: 3083.5
review: i am completing my mission
game-hours: 1680.0
review: The addiction :/ I loved it.
game-hours: 1708.7
review: yo this game is real life chess witch happen between 2 terrotory ( Play To Known )
game-hours: 1509.6
review: Best Steam Game Ever!
game-hours: 1102.4
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 165.5
review: this game is so
game-hours: 610.5
review: This is really a great game.
game-hours: 674.4
review: game good.
game-hours: 1632.3
review: pretty game! like it! its amazing:D pretty interesting and i've being playing it for long long time :D
game-hours: 1219.9
review: nice game and i am happy
game-hours: 2237.3
review: Awesome
game-hours: 203.3
review: very awesome !!!
game-hours: 241.6
review: Epic !!!!!!!!
game-hours: 242.6
review: asik
game-hours: 1251.9
review: dsadasdas
game-hours: 1772.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 1638.7
review: [DOTA2]
game-hours: 257.5
review: Highly recommended.
game-hours: 2494.9
review: The Best Game
game-hours: 353.1
review: This game sucks absolute . 11/10
game-hours: 1202.0
review: this game is soooo awesome
game-hours: 285.7
review: what a game i love it now with all the epic ways to play
game-hours: 1212.6
review: It's an amazing game - technically outstanding, showing all of Valve's usual polish and attention to detail, especially in the all-important multiplayer aspects. The continual balance tweaks and new heroes combined with the vast amount of content in the game offer countless hours of enjoyment. It's hard to master but good wins with your teammates are incredibly satisfying. It took me a long time to warm up to, but I'm helplessly addicted and every day look forward to getting home to fire this up with my friends. If you can spare the time - play it.
game-hours: 227.2
review: Im addict :)
game-hours: 332.9
review: xD
game-hours: 881.0
review: Simply a must have.
game-hours: 363.4
review: thise is a good stragergey game for all and very amazing for frinds and fo so injay when get the game re mebere it is douse a game
game-hours: 1283.6
review: great game
game-hours: 37.5
review: LOL
game-hours: 291.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 203.8
review: Yes... The Coffee recommends this game very much... HE like
game-hours: 2682.9
review: 10/10 If you had an acute depression, play this game, suddenly your deprresion will be gone. No srsly, My therapist said that i don't need to come to him anymore. Instead he told me to meet his friend and talk about Intermittent explosive disorder or something like that, dunno what that means though. Now that i remember it, i feel sorry for him that he had to hold his nose from his own blood gushing at our last session. He is such a nice guy.
game-hours: 711.4
review: I've normally never liked games of this style, but as a noob, this game is fun and challenging.
game-hours: 2745.0
review: red hot game
game-hours: 19.1
review: This is like LoL but only better.
game-hours: 1630.3
review: dota2 so far is the best game i ever played, highly recommended for gamers
game-hours: 2256.5
review: awesome
game-hours: 192.2
review: all im gonna say is great game
game-hours: 936.1
review: this game needs a team work and strutegy
game-hours: 588.6
review: ,
game-hours: 2283.9
review: Awsome game with nice team players and best action ever
game-hours: 4.8
review: I think people who gush over this game do so because it's not League of Legends. This often strikes me as being the same as the person who plays say The Secret World and bashes those that play World of Warcraft. Where World of Warcraft is accessible, easy and enjoyable for the masses, Secret world is deep, complex and very rewarding to those who really enjoy the minutae of figuring out how to get the most out of an MMO. DOTA 2 is the game you play when you don't want to the hand-holding, comfortable ease that League of Legends has brought to the MOBA world. I found DOTA 2 to be overly awkward, and not particularly rewarding. But for those in the mood for the more "hardcore" experience, this is where to be, I just won't be there with you.
game-hours: 3043.4
review: ive been a gamer since 2000(counter strike) and never played somthin enjoyable and never gets boring like dota
game-hours: 1986.3
review: Avoid this game at all costs holy  it's the biggest timesink in the world you will lose your life to it; and not even in a good way, in a WoW way, like that episode of South Park where they all get fat and sit in their basement playing WoW. Except with Dota. The game plays you man, the game plays you.
game-hours: 1155.8
review: this is a good game ^.^
game-hours: 4544.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 2706.3
review: c
game-hours: 683.7
review: great
game-hours: 1459.9
review: very nice mmo rpg game
game-hours: 1817.1
review: naice game
game-hours: 2341.4
review: Decorative Ornaments To Accessorize
game-hours: 3191.7
review: ;)
game-hours: 620.8
review: best game ever!
game-hours: 3373.0
review: Ultra Epic Game ..
game-hours: 1113.6
review: Awesome strategy game .. easily one of my favourites no doubt about that :)
game-hours: 75.8
review: Best Report Him Simulator 10/10
game-hours: 208.1
review: Spending a year learning to shuffle a gaggle of fantasy heroes up Dotas teetering stack of rules and game mechanics will do that to you: weve developed a secret language of our own, one that runs parallel to the talk of creeps and lanes and farm and rax common to everyone who plays the game. Whack a ward on the donkletron Im going to stick one up their jungle is a sentence I can say out loud and be completely understood by at least those three people. For some reason, theres also a lot of singing involved. Its a lot like being a sailor.
game-hours: 713.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 1489.9
review: i love dota 2
game-hours: 1470.7
review: Awesome
game-hours: 870.0
review: Good free MMO probably best MMO out there,fun action packed and lots of laughs
game-hours: 524.1
review: :)
game-hours: 813.7
review: Great game, in the genre, altough the comunity can be a little "childish" sometimes
game-hours: 127.4
review: A very recommended game and the best MOBA so far for me. User friendly and the interface is good and simple.
game-hours: 415.6
review: It's Free, It's Awersome, It's Better Than LoL, Anything else ?
game-hours: 2274.8
review: Nice game!!!     ))
game-hours: 1259.4
review: next level of LoL
game-hours: 526.2
review: it is awsome!
game-hours: 1888.0
review: awesome game
game-hours: 2228.0
review: BEST!
game-hours: 1804.4
review: Every game can be a clash of titans
game-hours: 1818.1
review: BEST BOBA!
game-hours: 644.6
review: dotez
game-hours: 643.1
review: goog game :D
game-hours: 478.0
review: aaaa
game-hours: 8109.2
review: Free to play and a nice team play based game. What more do you need? Ah, yes... HATS ^^
game-hours: 1436.1
review: OP
game-hours: 775.8
review: Sex.
game-hours: 515.6
review: As i played this game its nice and wonderfull :D
game-hours: 1018.3
review: yeah!
game-hours: 2452.0
review: i DO i hav been playing since from 5 years :D
game-hours: 292.9
review: Awsome game :)
game-hours: 6123.9
review: Best MOBA out. A steep learning curve, and a tough community. But no other game I'd rather spend my time on.
game-hours: 671.6
review: this game is the best in the world!!!!
game-hours: 1310.6
review: .......
game-hours: 694.3
review: DOtA 2 Teamwork play.
game-hours: 1391.8
review: wp
game-hours: 1216.1
review: yes
game-hours: 2094.2
review: .
game-hours: 1127.5
review: Valve  Add This   Please!   And Give   Me One
game-hours: 915.5
review: good game.....
game-hours: 970.6
review: 10/10 report brazil, Russia and South east Asia for feeding.
game-hours: 494.2
review: play and taste the power!
game-hours: 2181.2
review: gg
game-hours: 1584.6
review: I have played a lot of Dota 2 and i think its the best game. From all the games I played i can say that its better than LoL
game-hours: 81.0
review: fun to play with your team... :3
game-hours: 491.8
review: (y)
game-hours: 830.1
review: Every gamers know this game! 11/10
game-hours: 1093.9
review: Yeah.
game-hours: 704.8
review: hell yeah
game-hours: 1219.1
review: the best free to play game in Steam
game-hours: 423.6
review: like
game-hours: 1069.1
review: Possibly one of the most interesting games in my Steam Library, Dota 2 is an enjoyable game to play with friends online and meet new people in the online matches. After the recent success of the Internations 2014 by raising a whopping prize pool of over ten million dollars. This serves as an incentive for new players at the possibility to winning a share of the prize pool if they're good at the game. One will require the ability to quickly respond to the situation as the actions of your teammates and enemies are completely random. I suggest this game to anyone who wants an enjoyable experience thats more complicated than the similar game League of Legends. I find both games equally fun and enjoyable however Dota is ultimately the more superior game between the two. ~SamuraiZheng
game-hours: 674.6
review: good
game-hours: 3845.0
review: A Game of patience practice and personally playing safe in early 15 minutes.
game-hours: 1974.3
review: MID OR FEED ?
game-hours: 350.3
review: The Best RPG in the world. :)
game-hours: 420.4
review: amazing game. super competitive game.
game-hours: 159.6
review: Muito bom!!!
game-hours: 4203.8
review: pro game
game-hours: 325.0
review: :D
game-hours: 2358.3
review: Worth Playing GAME.
game-hours: 877.1
review: AWSOME!!!
game-hours: 2901.3
review: Amazing game. but sadly there is many suckers there who ruin the game
game-hours: 1277.1
review: Just Addict to it :D xD (y)
game-hours: 1485.8
review: This game has made me racist towards those who speak any language other than english. 11/10
game-hours: 2773.8
review: ,  !)
game-hours: 4737.5
review: Most fun and good looking moba ever! :..
game-hours: 687.4
review: love this game
game-hours: 12063.5
review: Totally hooked!
game-hours: 2197.1
review: Report a guy for being better than you, get mailed by Valve saying " Weve recently taken action against one or more players youve previously reported for bad conduct. You have received an additional report submission to use. Thanks for your help in making the Dota 2 community a friendlier " 11/10
game-hours: 4750.8
review: ngyon jo
game-hours: 357.2
review: good game
game-hours: 1417.9
review: good game
game-hours: 1132.5
review: Amazing game !!!
game-hours: 37.9
review: Mid or I feed
game-hours: 455.1
review: this amazing
game-hours: 657.1
review: i have 18 cp
game-hours: 242.0
review: Get cannibalized by an obese, Russian-controlled, undead maniac every other match you play. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 2077.9
review: AINDA NAO JOGA DOTA? SEU ARROMBADO!! VAI TOMA NO CUH MANO, DOTA  NOSSO JOGO DIARIO FDP, BAIXA LOGO ESSA MERD4. #PAZ
game-hours: 441.4
review: gg
game-hours: 20.4
review: :D
game-hours: 717.3
review: Great game, I recommend this game to everyone.
game-hours: 3141.8
review: 5Gb ad ar girs :O
game-hours: 622.9
review: very nice..
game-hours: 1711.9
review: EAT SLEEP DOTA
game-hours: 1194.6
review: best game ever try it!!!
game-hours: 1851.4
review: zaebisj voobshe ebal prosto
game-hours: 187.5
review: Way Good
game-hours: 928.6
review: gsdfsd
game-hours: 1146.3
review: Great game with lots of action. You never know what you are going to be up against in this fast paced game of skill.
game-hours: 1079.1
review: Dota 2 is a MOBA with a high skill cap. The meta game of purchasing helpful items is complex and hard to get accustomed too. Once you do, however, the game is great fun especially with a group of friends!
game-hours: 1642.3
review: Once you learn a bit of Brazillian Portugese, this game's community becomes incredibly cooperative
game-hours: 1461.9
review: Ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 31.5
review: May cause fear. Fear leads to anger, anger leads to hate, hate leads to suffering! I APPROVE!
game-hours: 4215.1
review: I just Love Dota2
game-hours: 2678.5
review: Lo MEJOR DEL mundo!!!!
game-hours: 1304.8
review: League of Legends is nothing when compared to Dota 2 !
game-hours: 649.8
review: Awesome..
game-hours: 786.1
review: good!!
game-hours: 1243.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 1184.7
review: :)
game-hours: 1528.4
review: dota 2 butted me with GabeNs love
game-hours: 939.9
review: This is fun game ever,so release tension lolz..
game-hours: 16.9
review: godd game
game-hours: 2570.1
review: best MOBA
game-hours: 1403.1
review: nice !!!!!!
game-hours: 951.8
review: ================================== Graphic - 9.1/10; Gameplay - 9.2/10; Sounds - 9.4/10; Multiplayer - 9.5/10; Together - 9.3/10. ==================================
game-hours: 729.1
review: adict !!!! argh can't stop playing
game-hours: 1291.3
review: This is the most addicting game ull ever play >>>>>>>>>>> carry on >>>>>>>>> install it
game-hours: 2134.0
review: Dota 2 will change your life
game-hours: 4455.0
review: The most grindy game there is, you'll get unfairly stomped, raged at, you'll play badly, spend most of your time being racist and angry. Very addictive and fun after the trench tier.
game-hours: 3187.9
review: VSEM DOTA BLEAT
game-hours: 1272.4
review: aku cute thx
game-hours: 908.2
review: Best Game!
game-hours: 1338.5
review: this is a great and the most fun game i have ever played...the main thing you need is skills to play this game
game-hours: 329.7
review: DotA2 is the only MOBO game indaworld!!!!!!
game-hours: 501.0
review: Nice Game.Needed Inteligence
game-hours: 1472.0
review: ban feeders or racist player
game-hours: 312.8
review: Don't ever download and play this game. It'll ruin your life!
game-hours: 590.0
review: Play this  and u can never leae this!
game-hours: 1723.0
review: Review
game-hours: 120.2
review: so good.. very cool dota 2. ^_^
game-hours: 2708.5
review: DOTA 2 is really fun to play~simple strategy~Wrong build item will turned the game~
game-hours: 3949.5
review: this is one of the best game ever!!
game-hours: 176.4
review: this game i like..dota2 my lift
game-hours: 2850.5
review: The greatest and best game ever made.
game-hours: 744.2
review: You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy. We must be cautious.
game-hours: 1493.9
review: awesome game :)
game-hours: 2089.1
review: ..
game-hours: 1051.1
review: hate this game pls this game 100% lifesteal
game-hours: 804.5
review: The Best Game EVER !
game-hours: 946.5
review: u must play this game
game-hours: 1491.7
review: Dear dota2, the best game ever had. Keep going for always make tournament, many people in this world like my mighty dendi :)
game-hours: 1323.5
review: 12/10 would bang
game-hours: 2367.0
review: GG
game-hours: 1543.5
review: Forced me to learn Russian. 10/10   ! !
game-hours: 1934.6
review: 10/10 it's not MOBA it is DotA
game-hours: 330.4
review: ser
game-hours: 1372.8
review: Tidehunter's mom is a watermelon 11/10
game-hours: 709.8
review: 10/10
game-hours: 862.8
review: Yes!
game-hours: 2894.4
review: good game
game-hours: 1064.5
review: GOOD!
game-hours: 1702.3
review: !
game-hours: 1732.4
review: i want rampage
game-hours: 485.4
review: Really awesome. I really feel like am improving in the game. The only problem is the community-.
game-hours: 12.3
review: i've played this
game-hours: 670.6
review: yeah
game-hours: 251.5
review: <3
game-hours: 5438.6
review: Played the game since closed beta almost 4 years(3 months from posting)and still doesn't disappoint. 10/10 thanks icefrog and valve
game-hours: 3361.1
review: Never out of date!!
game-hours: 2153.8
review: Pretty Insane Game. Come and feed with us :D
game-hours: 631.1
review: Best free Russian language course this side of the internet.
game-hours: 173.1
review: I love this game but ONE HUGE PROBLEM is the word noob how many people i hear saying that my/ there team is a retared or noobs or s if see one more of thouse words i will kick a cat >;D not really great game but i really hate the people who play it they give no support to the new players all they do is critersize them or just write this word "noob" OMG I HATE THIS WORD NOW :( yes play it if you are ok with a bit of online rude language :3
game-hours: 530.6
review: Most lifesteal game I have ever played...<3
game-hours: 1167.8
review: very fun
game-hours: 1114.6
review: Awesome addicting game. The best game i've ever seen.
game-hours: 2352.0
review: This is a very good game i have been playing it for 9 months now and still throughly enjoy it. This is a very good game to build up teamwork.(if your partners are not idiots ;)
game-hours: 2979.5
review: One last match then I'll go [Insert obligations here]...
game-hours: 95.6
review: Dota 2 is one of the best games played. You can play as hundreds of different heroes. Not many other games give out this chance! :P Play it! Its free. :D
game-hours: 4064.6
review: Very Good Game!!!
game-hours: 722.1
review: mantab
game-hours: 821.7
review: <3 :))
game-hours: 0.3
review: I don't even know what I'm playing anymore
game-hours: 931.1
review: The king of Dota-likes. Soon-to-be GoTY 2012. One of the finest competetive games ever created.
game-hours: 1453.9
review: Awesome game and free to play with friends around the world
game-hours: 2445.6
review: this is absolutely the next gen of DotA. very very very competitive game. really enjoy it.
game-hours: 3231.8
review: Give me back my life...
game-hours: 2963.7
review: OMG
game-hours: 2595.3
review: Dota 2... A game that makes you want to throw your keyboard across your room half of the time and makes you jump for joy the other half.
game-hours: 18.0
review: this game is the best MOBA game i have every played shut up lol,lol dota 2 is the best of the best
game-hours: 7.0
review: Great game a lot like leauge but some major diffrences. It's also very fluid
game-hours: 311.2
review: #ILOVEDOTA2<3
game-hours: 1926.5
review: DotA 2 is a very unique game in terms of the meta game and community. There are multiple features that distinguish it between other MOBA's, and because of that uniqueness you are very dependant on your team. DotA has a very interesting Meta game as there are hero patches every few months which could change the entire game, but it could also ruin the whole game. In DotA you can select one of 100+ heroes and all for free (No microtransactions required to boost In game performance, purely aesthetics) which is also pretty challenging when you first start off, but once you play for awhile then you will get used to it. The ingame gameplay can be changed depending on yourself as you can decide whether or not you want to build your hero differently, troll, or complain the entire game. The community is very toxic and WILL judge you, you will encounter foreigner's who "invade" your servers and they will speak in their primary language which you will most likely not speak their language (If you are annoyed then there is a mute feature within the game). Out of experience in most MOBA's + RTS, I would highly recommend this game to you but you must put time and effort for it to become fun. Hope you have fun! Tl;Dr ~ DotA2 is not P2W, It has it's unique features, Many free heroes to play with, Toxic community, Takes long to learn the game
game-hours: 563.6
review: its just a epic game
game-hours: 919.2
review: A Really challenging game to be playing, a lot using strategic gameplay and teamwork. Overall a really nice and brillant game to be playing
game-hours: 1265.7
review: It's an amazing game - technically outstanding, showing all of Valve's usual polish and attention to detail, especially in the all-important multiplayer aspects. The continual balance tweaks and new heroes combined with the vast amount of content in the game offer countless hours of enjoyment. It's hard to master but good wins with your teammates are incredibly satisfying. It took me a long time to warm up to, but I'm helplessly addicted and every day look forward to getting home to fire this up with my friends. If you can spare the time - play it.
game-hours: 921.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 1051.4
review: best f2p game on steam
game-hours: 349.1
review: () () ()
game-hours: 2912.8
review: Highly recommended for everyone
game-hours: 419.2
review: (y)
game-hours: 2868.7
review: tq
game-hours: 51.8
review: It's definitely exciting. The beta phase has really matched up to it's hype. I foresee Dota 2 to go a long way when it releases as a finished product. If you love DotA, then this is a must for you.
game-hours: 1296.4
review: PROOOSSS
game-hours: 1805.2
review: best game ever
game-hours: 288.8
review: This game is without a doubt the freest free to game out there. Everything is free right off the bat and that makes a huge difference in gameplay. There are no buffs that you can buy before the game that would have even the slightest impact on the match. The only thing you pay for is cosmetic items, which again, have no effect on gameplay. Heroes are fun to play and range in difficutly, so other charcters take more time and paicientce to master. There is also a wide range of charcters types to play as so you never get bored. From the ranged characters, to the melee characters, to the nukers, to the tanks there will always be a fun and interesting character that fits your playstyle. Though Dota 2 plays out similar to other MOBA's, it is very diverse in its playstyles. Do not treat it like games like League of Ledgends. It's a completly different game entireley and should be treated as such. That being said the learning curve is very difficult, and other players on Dota are extremely unforgiving. Your first few games will be rough, but after one good game or your first win it's hard to step away from the computer. And once you learned your prefered playstyle and find a character you enjoy, Dota 2 can be one of the most addicting games you've ever played. Dota 2 is one of the best games in the MOBA genre and for good reason. Gameplay is fun and challenging, and there is a hero for everybody. Though it will take awhile for you to start getting the hang of things, the rewards are well worth the time and effort.
game-hours: 679.8
review: +rep
game-hours: 892.9
review: Great game at all time... Death prophet is my best hero...
game-hours: 270.7
review: walletaa negegui bhad money goor item solisnii dara wallet aa newel orj irhuu??? help
game-hours: 1056.6
review: Its a very nice Good Job Valve for making out of this wonderful game not like the other...which has worst graphics this one...is well... average...
game-hours: 27.0
review: recommended. great.
game-hours: 351.3
review: nothing to say bout this :v
game-hours: 360.5
review: good game
game-hours: 1118.2
review: Highly addictive!
game-hours: 405.1
review: YEAH MAN YOU GOTA BLOP BLOP IN THE FLIZZY LOP AND OWNT THEM FOOLS.
game-hours: 112.2
review: Amazing 10/10
game-hours: 195.6
review: way more challenging than lol so it's not for the faint hearted
game-hours: 200.6
review: Dota 2.... took my computer away Q.Q
game-hours: 75.8
review: love it. just love it
game-hours: 1877.3
review: Haha....Nvr Giv up!!
game-hours: 2116.4
review: great
game-hours: 450.1
review: If you want to take a peek into Russian Scumbags ruining the experience for everyone, play DOTA! The game is still great.
game-hours: 1131.8
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 2800.0
review: 1231
game-hours: 1751.9
review: Awsome Game in my Life
game-hours: 227.4
review: awsome game !!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1544.1
review: Just dont install this game... gonna be pain in the
game-hours: 1112.8
review: This game is quite fun, indeed. Yet the time it waists is impecable to any other game you will play. I tell everyone who plays this game to take moderatly long breaks (10-15 minute) in between games. For what this game has in store will make you a slave to it's raw glory. It is fun, I will admit that, but nothing more. On the weekends I sit at my computer endlessly until about 2am then I go to sleep, the entire weekend please have a life don't play dota. -themail AKA the mail man
game-hours: 753.8
review: +1
game-hours: 356.1
review: Bom jogo! Bem complexo e p. S falta costume ehheheh
game-hours: 2319.0
review: hi
game-hours: 1494.4
review: everything like that dota2 until end
game-hours: 2158.0
review: nice nice
game-hours: 6544.2
review: Excellent
game-hours: 64.6
review: Pretty nice when you learn how to play it..
game-hours: 16.3
review: Best MOBA played in my life! ()
game-hours: 2970.2
review: dota 2
game-hours: 0.7
review: looks fun
game-hours: 561.6
review: good game . .well crafted . . . well organize . . .keep up the good work . . .
game-hours: 256.9
review: I like Dota2 because it relieves my stress... it helps me relax from a hard day of work and study...
game-hours: 1665.8
review: GOOD
game-hours: 1095.0
review: zbs
game-hours: 129.2
review: Prefect!
game-hours: 1632.9
review: Well Play~!
game-hours: 17.4
review: Fun game to play with
game-hours: 2741.9
review: An amazing game.
game-hours: 894.6
review: this game is badass!
game-hours: 0.2
review: At this point i haven't played much but i'm already enjoying the game very much i'd recommend it to those who like strategy games i don't know the exact term for the character control mode but still its an amazingly fun game :D
game-hours: 760.9
review: Its a great game, easy to get hooked on, competitive and fun at the same time, what else is there to say, Pancakes.
game-hours: 629.7
review: Whew........
game-hours: 191.9
review: Made me intolerent of other cultures, makes me stressed out and angry around my family. 10/10
game-hours: 3175.1
review: This is so addictive, just play and enjoy a great game.
game-hours: 1040.1
review: it's awasome..
game-hours: 1.0
review: If you have people who know what they are doing or playing with your friends it can be really fun
game-hours: 1262.9
review: Really good game that can't be voided ...... Even in the exam moments :3 Brace yourself... :P :P :P
game-hours: 509.9
review: fave game !
game-hours: 1829.2
review: nice game forever, good graphic and more than. try it
game-hours: 775.0
review: Best Game Made. Warning, may get addicted. Haha
game-hours: 528.6
review: Quite Awesome if playing with bunch of friends
game-hours: 2020.8
review: ABSOLUTELY
game-hours: 586.8
review: DOTA2 is the best MOBA game .
game-hours: 923.0
review: Hi
game-hours: 2775.0
review: Best RTS game
game-hours: 2258.1
review: Best Russian lessons app online.
game-hours: 1201.4
review: nc game
game-hours: 692.3
review: DOTA 2 is very recommend for DOTA FANS!!!
game-hours: 1118.8
review: total ripoff of DotA on a scale of 1-10, I would give it a solid B
game-hours: 489.5
review: Its fun .
game-hours: 173.4
review: Thsi game is completely....a....AWESOME ****** GAME!!!! it's amazing! , i played it A BIt, but , In that "bit" of time i have see one awesome thing.....ah....it's cool ... i give 10/10 , ah , ithik my commentary is a bit confuse XD
game-hours: 444.3
review: THE BEST LANGUAGE LEARNING TOOL ON THE INTERNET. LEARN TO SPEAK SPANISH, RUSSIAN, AND PORTUGUESE FOR THE LOW LOW PRICE OF YOUR SELF-ESTEEM AND FAITH IN OTHERS
game-hours: 316.7
review: if you dont have then you should have
game-hours: 2.9
review: Its my favorite zelda. 5 stars. Better than half life 3. -Gabe Newell
game-hours: 1013.4
review: DON'T PLAY THIS GAME IF U DON'T KNOW HOW TO PLEASE NOOBS DO THE ING TUTORIAL AND KNOW HOW TO FARM HOW TO GANK HOW TO ING PLAAY !!! PAY ATTENTION AND HAVE FUN ;D
game-hours: 653.3
review: One of the best games i played.
game-hours: 1563.9
review: Once you go Dota you stay Dota
game-hours: 2297.6
review: playing this game made me lose my girl, ruined my health and made me realize sleep was for the weak...also i earned a PhD in Russian cursing and swearing....best game ever 10/10!!!
game-hours: 2563.4
review: DOTA 2 is a teaching game that teaches you the cruel reality of life. if u fail u learn how to do it better. sometimes u r winning suddenly the table turns around and you lose sometimes while losing early game u win in the end. u meet all kind of ppl. gd ppl bad ppl  ppl smart ppl all kinds of humans and sometimes not humans. but even though dota teaches u a lot about life it damn doesn't help u with anything since it sucks everything from u and u forget about the outer world it becomes and addiction and u forget to live your real life. last few weeks i met a nice girl and instead of asking her out and u know get any kind of realtionship i started talking about dota since she likes video games and it turned out to be the worst choice she plays LOL and we ended up arguing for 3 hours which game is better and never spoke to her again. thank you dota for letting me die alone :):):)
game-hours: 545.9
review: The best MOBA game ever.
game-hours: 1121.3
review: Good game
game-hours: 3.1
review: Review.
game-hours: 2119.2
review: great game , must play
game-hours: 3821.0
review: ruin my life... 100% life steal 5 stars er
game-hours: 1849.5
review: you must watch this
game-hours: 1.8
review: lol need a space of my disk :(
game-hours: 2085.6
review: good game
game-hours: 2961.6
review: !!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 506.0
review: yeah
game-hours: 1212.2
review: 2      !
game-hours: 304.6
review: this is the best game... better than LOL....
game-hours: 628.9
review: fuuuuunnn!
game-hours: 1201.9
review: gg
game-hours: 3102.4
review: Best mode to become a nolifer ...try it now!
game-hours: 695.8
review: I love the collaboration in this game .. but often I see the folder users hacked
game-hours: 22.1
review: i love this game, i remember how i used to play DotA on warcraft 3 and that was fantastic but with these new graphics and its standalone engine it is 100x better, just hope they release more items for heroes like shadow fiend. i would recommend it to every one.
game-hours: 754.8
review: Bad towers are so dum
game-hours: 490.4
review: i like pawning noobs..lol.. i like dota because you can do many things even though you play in the same map all the time, still you can do many things, experiment new meta.. and specially, i realy like pawning noobs
game-hours: 1039.5
review: yes because it was a amazing game and annoying game
game-hours: 24.2
review: Dota? No. Dota 2. It's different. Game On. Learn basics from reading guides, then try to make use of them to personalise your item and/or skill builds to make your game more enjoyable everytime. Never fails. Good luck! P.S. - Wasn't a fan of Dota/Dota 2 before, but after trying, it's awesome.
game-hours: 718.7
review: This game should be renamed "Dota: 2 Easy Steps to Hate Peruvians". In case you're wondering what those steps are let me break it down for you: Step 1: Queue on North America West or East with English only enabled. Step 2: Enjoy your gaming experience with Peruvians who can't speak English past a preschool educational level. I'd rate this game 5 out of 5 bananas.
game-hours: 450.3
review: GGWP
game-hours: 539.8
review: Good Game
game-hours: 1912.7
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 14.9
review: nice better than lol
game-hours: 118.3
review: we have a lot of enjoyment with this game.. :)
game-hours: 1322.5
review: The best game that i ever played for free.
game-hours: 1836.6
review: Dota 2 is good for people who want to play with different races friends.
game-hours: 711.8
review: this game is fun
game-hours: 2254.8
review: its good :)
game-hours: 754.1
review: Big learning curve, but worth it.
game-hours: 361.6
review: Better than sex
game-hours: 590.6
review: potato
game-hours: 626.2
review: The Good: Fun, Addicting, Strategic, Teamwork, Dominating, Pub Stomping, Competitive Play, Daily Tournaments and Non Advantage giving item shop (Cosmetic Only). The Bad: Match Making in the skill level bracket can seem to be a bit broken at times. One bad player can ruin the match. Players that disconnect and abandon in 5 minutes. occaisonal 3-5 Minute wait on a match. Other Thoughts: I love DOTA 2 in the strategic gameplay. After all it is a MOBA and a strategy game at best so it requires A LOT of patience and A LOT of good timing, skill, and also great efficient teamwork. Thank you Valve for bringing us such an amazing game!
game-hours: 933.8
review: zxczxcxzc
game-hours: 3321.0
review: will teach you to curse, put down, trash talk, troll and palpitate in at least four different languages (yes, I said palpitate). all while ruining friendships and destroying your faith in humanity. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 2696.2
review: good game
game-hours: 518.5
review: 10/10 doctors recommend playing a dota 2 match before hitting the gym
game-hours: 813.8
review: Nice game
game-hours: 3158.6
review: Dota 2
game-hours: 39.4
review: Dota 2 is dota made better with amazing community support and VALVe behing the development this game is one of the best community supported RTS ever made. It has a huge learning curve with massive numbers of characters to choose from ranging from simple to most complex to handle charaters. And its FREEEEE to play.
game-hours: 1263.6
review: My favourite person to play in this game is the one with the thing who fights and wins. I'm pretty sure he/she is overpowered, but I'm not gonna tell Icefrog because he's a poopy-pants. Graphics 10/10 Sound 10/10 Gameplay 10/10 Community 10/10 Difficulty 10/10 Running Animations 10/10 Song Lyrics 10/10 Presence of the Colour Blue 10/10 Presence of the Colour Blelloud 10/10 Beleive 10/10 Overall 8.9/10
game-hours: 2039.1
review: Recommend
game-hours: 584.4
review: good game
game-hours: 2850.5
review: I AM NOOB BEBAN....
game-hours: 396.9
review: Cool.
game-hours: 233.3
review: This game is awesome
game-hours: 929.1
review: Better than Dota
game-hours: 976.6
review: Very very very a good game
game-hours: 535.4
review: fafas jojfai fhaoh! shdq
game-hours: 646.1
review: nice
game-hours: 37.9
review: .....
game-hours: 1102.9
review: Good Game :D
game-hours: 1643.8
review: Good game
game-hours: 1501.4
review: very recomended game , you can choose more than 100 heroes in this game
game-hours: 828.9
review: Is rly good
game-hours: 821.7
review: Yea lol
game-hours: 1077.2
review: 10/10. I'm so addicted to this game that I don't have enough time to run for president of the United States again in 2016. It was totally worth it. #RandPaul2016
game-hours: 413.4
review: i believe dota 2 can make my tactic skill increase and can make me more smarty and can stop smoking. so thx dota 2 :)
game-hours: 1035.3
review: nice game for trading business
game-hours: 2513.5
review: well play well game
game-hours: 1597.9
review: epic
game-hours: 1093.9
review: Very good
game-hours: 2066.8
review: good quality and hero balance, definetely 10/10 for me
game-hours: 942.9
review: Easilly the best game around! Fast paced tower/base defense with enough challenges to keep me playing for years to come :)
game-hours: 1882.7
review: assdasd
game-hours: 1167.8
review: this is a really good game, comrades, it makes you calm, strengthens the nerves, makes you more positive, you learn to work in a team, writing "gg ez lalki" after 70 minutes of the game, praising his comrades, even if they score 0 15 0, buy carrier 20 minute and play without wards ... yes, it's a really good game.
game-hours: 98.5
review: mdr c souag
game-hours: 1485.1
review: dota 2 its just <3 <3 <3 guys prepare urself to battle......
game-hours: 2633.9
review: Good game;3
game-hours: 96.6
review: sssss
game-hours: 3524.3
review: Best game
game-hours: 735.5
review: Much Russians in American servers. Such scrubs in games. Quite fun. What a great learning tool for new language. 10/10 recommend it if you love to be a pro player like me, ggwp ez scrubs I win commend me.
game-hours: 2129.6
review: Very exciting game
game-hours: 1857.3
review: gd
game-hours: 83.1
review: I like turtles.
game-hours: 567.8
review: Totes recommend this MOBA fans. Amazing. Spent so many hours.
game-hours: 886.2
review: love it so much
game-hours: 2526.9
review: awesome game
game-hours: 1932.5
review: Playing with friends is a blast. But rude players [ally/oppn] spoil the game and there are lots of them. Kind of ruined my life a little. Still, this is the best game I've ever played so far. If you plan on playing this, please try to respect other players [ignore weirdos], forgive newbies and have fun [win or lose].
game-hours: 565.1
review: Epic game!
game-hours: 547.5
review: ?
game-hours: 2885.9
review: Good one! ^^
game-hours: 401.0
review: very nice game
game-hours: 639.5
review: No need to Right click drow ranger first skill make it 1 click from keys to auto cast and then clcik again to disable autocast
game-hours: 779.1
review: the best game ever
game-hours: 25.3
review: Toxic community
game-hours: 79.8
review: This game runs at one frame every sixty seconds. It is also too hard and the campaign was limited.
game-hours: 1488.6
review: Nothing to tell
game-hours: 219.7
review: can dota 2 be played on the mac osx without crashing and the right click problem?
game-hours: 15.7
review: Consumed the forest to empower my hero then summoned an army of donkeys to charge the enemies front line, whilst teleporting teammates back to spawn and infinitely spinning until I turned into a black hole and finally absorbing the game. 10/10
game-hours: 41.8
review: I love the strategy and crazy amount of customization. Very fun alone or with friends.
game-hours: 422.4
review: Addictive! :D
game-hours: 1587.4
review: best game ever 10 out of 10
game-hours: 680.9
review: Dette er for drlig spill mer
game-hours: 2.1
review: Terrible game. The tutorial was so boring that I didn't even bother finishing it. Though, I wasn't too excited at what await me after the tutorial either, as i've heard this is one of the most unforgiving and anti-noob communities out there. I don't understand how that yields people 1000s of hours.
game-hours: 3795.3
review: best game
game-hours: 30.0
review: Alot of haters in the game, they're all jealous!
game-hours: 520.4
review: (y)
game-hours: 2809.4
review: good game and addictive. when techies will be realese?
game-hours: 1193.4
review: It's ruining my life right now. 10/10
game-hours: 550.4
review: It's awesome
game-hours: 382.3
review: nice
game-hours: 2065.3
review: Best Game Ever :)
game-hours: 6141.4
review: Dota2 is Great! <3
game-hours: 1050.9
review: Thanks
game-hours: 2227.1
review: DK vs LGD
game-hours: 2666.5
review: best
game-hours: 613.9
review: I like this game because of the graphics. It so fun i love playing dota because when im playing dota im so happy =)
game-hours: 2267.3
review: awesome
game-hours: 2526.2
review: top2 gamza, no sistema matchmakinga polnoe govno
game-hours: 1340.0
review: BECOME A GREAT !!!
game-hours: 407.5
review: yeyyy
game-hours: 2509.9
review: Dota 2 is like an abusive relationship You invest hours of your life into it even though you know you're gonna get ed at, you feel like nobody ever considers your opinion, and you get really really depressed sometimes after while. It's still sorta worth it, kinda... Speaking of relationships dont' ask me about any and how I can compare this game and an abusive relationship, because I've been spending all my time on this stupid game with my stupid friends. I mean you stil get some pleasure out of it, right?
game-hours: 564.1
review: yep
game-hours: 2439.4
review: its fine i guess..
game-hours: 1750.6
review: omg dat doto
game-hours: 507.5
review: great game
game-hours: 556.9
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 2749.0
review: Best Game
game-hours: 656.8
review: Simple. This is best game ever! \m/
game-hours: 7.4
review: haHa LoL (LeAgu3 of Leg4nDz)
game-hours: 1809.6
review: best game
game-hours: 203.4
review: I, for one, dislike the Chinese more than I do the Russkies. But seeing as how I capitalize their names, I suppose I don't dislike them that much. Also, DOTA2 needs to be revamped in a dangerous, paradigm breaking way. That's the only way it can compete with da new crazuh Blizzard MOBA with all that ghost ships and battle trolls.
game-hours: 1291.8
review: nice
game-hours: 181.3
review: It is a good real time strategy game and worth of playing.
game-hours: 1432.4
review: Aewsome game!
game-hours: 1046.1
review: Best Game In The World , DotA 2 Is My Life
game-hours: 263.5
review: nice
game-hours: 2065.4
review: GGWP.
game-hours: 998.9
review: wow
game-hours: 1156.6
review: One of the most addicting games i have ever played...
game-hours: 770.0
review: 10/10 . This game ruined my life :D
game-hours: 2783.9
review: Okay I must admit I liked this call of duty, but its very unbalanced because theres capt bloodseeker being a  to everyone including his own team, Overall i like this call of duty and battlefield: league of legends is for casual babies
game-hours: 100.4
review: Awesome updates workshops and more way much better than the orginal Dota.. and its easy to buy stuff..
game-hours: 1588.8
review: sembarang
game-hours: 1626.8
review: not recommended for noob :D !! LOL
game-hours: 4.4
review: nahui blyat drink vodka win dotka 2 blyattt siski And then i died.
game-hours: 2125.5
review: this is a very nice strategy game but some of this players are not polite so request to ban all impolite players of DOTA 2
game-hours: 1471.0
review: dota oyna
game-hours: 2360.0
review: Good game :)
game-hours: 460.6
review: How i s does?
game-hours: 1229.8
review: Dota 2
game-hours: 890.4
review: i like this game ... but its so hard to win hahaha !!!
game-hours: 368.0
review: nice
game-hours: 2110.2
review: a good game in the world
game-hours: 4.4
review: What does hero truly need? That's for you to decide! ^^
game-hours: 1127.5
review: Really great game ! Cool ! Fun to play with friends
game-hours: 251.3
review: best Game ever much bettel than LOL
game-hours: 1846.8
review: Dota 2 is even far more better than his elder brother - Dota 1 with great game play and services, along with a big market for you to trade and earn benefit. However, since the day it became free to play, more and more  players has been joining the community and spoil it. I lost some love with it, but still, Dota 2 is the best game with the best community i have ever played
game-hours: 494.8
review: like
game-hours: 2877.3
review: The game you will never get bored.
game-hours: 1504.2
review: ,    !
game-hours: 1574.3
review: Oh, what i can say about this game... Legen... wait for it... dary!
game-hours: 2806.4
review: Great competitive game to play with your friends. Promotes strategy, team work and is very fun to play
game-hours: 1251.2
review: Awesome
game-hours: 50.5
review: good game
game-hours: 6362.4
review: (Y)
game-hours: 2438.5
review: very interesting game :)
game-hours: 280.7
review: best game
game-hours: 3717.2
review: So then like dota then play dota 2 if you wann try mobas i havent played HoN but ive played league and of the two i have enjoyed dota far more then league an as these are the two most popular they must be this way for a reason right? then why does it seem so hard? its because mobas have high learning curves and i reccoend playing atleast 15 bot matches before playin pvp
game-hours: 1289.7
review: Laro tayo?
game-hours: 2360.8
review: its ok
game-hours: 10.1
review: Better than ronit
game-hours: 2705.3
review: I highly recommend this game :D
game-hours: 3933.0
review: Play and compete worldwide.
game-hours: 1314.6
review: If you value your IRL social contacts and your life outside of your room, don't pick up Dota. It is perhaps the most engaging and exciting game ever created.
game-hours: 596.3
review: Grate game!
game-hours: 3310.5
review: :*
game-hours: 2509.2
review: Nice Game ever !
game-hours: 1861.4
review: Good Game
game-hours: 0.3
review: Alright so unlike most people who don't recommend Dota 2, I just legitametely did not like the game, though I understand how others would. Dota 2 has similar gameplay to Planescape Torment, A game which i played for story aspects. I couldn't even get through the tutorial without feeling bored and unprogressive. In fact, the more i played the tutorial the less I understood. Now I don't play many multiplayer games but from my experience the gameplay of Dota 2 does not match its purpose, So if your like me, who enjoys games where you can see clear progression, you enjoy becoming stronger and stronger and are a fan of the WASD keys, I do not suggest it. 3.5/10
game-hours: 2681.6
review: Very well done, if you loved WC3 DotA, you will love this! Addicting and infuriating, but still...
game-hours: 1576.0
review: awesome game
game-hours: 1502.8
review: oh yeah
game-hours: 5174.0
review: this game is amazing
game-hours: 3170.4
review: A real game. (compared to LoL and HoN or whatever is going to be made next.)
game-hours: 1657.3
review: RUN YOU FOOLS!
game-hours: 1389.3
review: Playing this for ages and still loving it. Rock on.:)
game-hours: 526.8
review: I LIKE THIS GAME
game-hours: 925.8
review: god
game-hours: 3275.3
review: nice traxe, i will play her
game-hours: 1598.8
review: It's a truly amazing game, best with a couple of friends. Get it and I'd be glad to play it with you.
game-hours: 2.1
review: Apparently, there is a hot spider lady in it 10/10
game-hours: 3.1
review: Definitely reccomend playing this game even if you dont like games like League of Legends etc. I dont like those games but this is awesome. Play the turtorial as it is very helpful, it may take up 30 mins of your time before an actual game but its definitiely worth it
game-hours: 199.3
review: Nice
game-hours: 293.6
review: This game ruined my life... Literally
game-hours: 4235.7
review: best
game-hours: 710.5
review: Dreadfully overhyped and overrated. I seriously fail to see the appeal. It seems uninteresting to say the least; just trying to reinvent the wheel by the looks of things. If it ain't broke, don't fix it. Just play League of Legends or something if you're in to this kind of thing (which I'm not, so pardon the bias if you're detecting any).
game-hours: 536.8
review: GG
game-hours: 680.5
review: good coop.game
game-hours: 413.7
review: Rak na Itu >>>
game-hours: 1476.1
review: dwsds,nksd
game-hours: 958.8
review: Best game I ever played! Rad!!!
game-hours: 297.3
review: If you like Leauge of Legends you'll hate Dota 2
game-hours: 2211.2
review: good game to play.. well surely it make u addicted to this game but.. i will surely make my son play it who know gamers will be the better job in the future. ti4 already give u 10million usd..so next year? who know right
game-hours: 948.4
review: Best for killing time for sure
game-hours: 17.6
review: It is a good game.
game-hours: 1511.8
review: :s
game-hours: 1934.7
review: good game ...
game-hours: 1571.6
review: If you want to lose the ability to have a scrap of life, this game is for you! So addictive, and yet sometimes you just want to kill everyone around you because you can't take it anymore
game-hours: 3285.9
review: ya cooll!!!!!!! game!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1309.6
review: Good game.
game-hours: 1411.4
review: Seriously!!! one of the best free to play games...... GL HF,
game-hours: 639.7
review: fulll
game-hours: 2468.6
review: Nice game
game-hours: 882.9
review: Just moved from Dota 1 to Dota 2... its a good game.. but has a few issues with matchmaking in european region since u end up with people who dont speak english even after u set ur preference. I would still say Dota 1 was better.... had a sense of difficulty to it. But on the whole not a bad game
game-hours: 2001.9
review: Best English - Russian dictionary out there! Highly recommend!
game-hours: 1593.0
review: Best game balanced graphics which is not irritating in the eye and the heroes look badass ;) LOL
game-hours: 1875.5
review: i'd like to play and still playing
game-hours: 1843.9
review: yup yup
game-hours: 2375.2
review: After taking three years of Spanish, this game is the first practical application I have had for the language. 10/10
game-hours: 1076.5
review: Very addictive. Great strategy game, almost like chess just with kickass graphics and more moves. Best game by far!
game-hours: 679.0
review: :D
game-hours: 261.8
review: If you love russian stacks this is the game for you 11/10
game-hours: 1202.5
review: NICE GAME
game-hours: 2238.3
review: GGWP
game-hours: 1241.2
review: Nice Graphics, Nice GamePlay, you must try it ! now!
game-hours: 1929.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 968.1
review: i love it
game-hours: 1096.8
review: its ok
game-hours: 1117.4
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 137.4
review: A very good game, ++++
game-hours: 1533.1
review: yeah
game-hours: 109.1
review: I love dota 2 because it challanges me using ma brain powaaa
game-hours: 3346.8
review: meh
game-hours: 354.7
review: i love this game this make me mad all the time... :D
game-hours: 1393.9
review: good game :)
game-hours: 566.6
review: ang hirap nmn pumasok sa steam
game-hours: 1654.0
review: Nice And Shine
game-hours: 991.6
review: Great game, easy to loose track of time while playing.
game-hours: 65.9
review: Gabe I'm coming for your sweet
game-hours: 352.7
review: #Pawesome
game-hours: 1665.5
review: ,   .
game-hours: 2054.8
review: The best game that I've experienced up until now!
game-hours: 959.0
review: Great game for Team play and general laughs- Just don't get on the bad side of thr Russians, they're already invading our servers :p
game-hours: 946.9
review: k
game-hours: 1130.8
review: Perfect
game-hours: 558.3
review: Stuff and thing and stuff and things
game-hours: 847.0
review: Cng ngy cng sida
game-hours: 569.5
review: i fap everytime i see crystal maiden boobs in action
game-hours: 2347.8
review: Such Dota wow no more life wow
game-hours: 1916.9
review: Best game, everrrr!
game-hours: 692.1
review: Excellent in all ways
game-hours: 1114.1
review: pizdec
game-hours: 472.9
review: ggwp
game-hours: 828.7
review: this is epic, add some set for hero that don't have item yet please, like phoenix or night stalker maybe, that would be great.
game-hours: 31.6
review: CONTROLS SUCKS. PLEASE FIX IT
game-hours: 516.9
review: [poiuytds
game-hours: 3.0
review: This game is bad, i r8 0/8 m8 no h8
game-hours: 1071.4
review: game
game-hours: 381.7
review: this game is awesome.. trust me..
game-hours: 322.1
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 1198.6
review: i like dota 2 :)
game-hours: 1597.0
review: review
game-hours: 2381.3
review: Doto is good game.
game-hours: 695.4
review: A very addicting and fun game to play with friends! A game where you can meet new friends and enhance your communication and teamwork skills. Good gameplay and graphics, good effects and animations.
game-hours: 1498.3
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 212.6
review: A nice and fun free-to-play game. Recommended if you have thick enough skin to handle one of the gaming worlds worst community though.
game-hours: 8.9
review: i am still a noob>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>:plane:<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
game-hours: 5710.2
review: T________T Dota 2 so hard!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 3407.8
review: The game is fun. There is no doubt about that. It is fun and frustrating at the same time. You have to work as a team. You and you alone aren't going to decide the outcome of a match. Unfortunately, it seems to have most of the same trappings as Valve's other F2P game, Team Fortress 2. The items introduced into the game have little to no quality control. Thankfully, we have yet to see items that affect the stats of the characters themselves. Dota 2 is one of the best MOBAs in the genre, but far from the most popular. Dota 2 allows you to play all of the heroes that the game offers without spending antyhing, but similar games only allow you to play a small, rotation free hero pool. You must then purchase the each hero individuall with in-game currency or real money. Dota 2 is far better in this sense. Dota 2 also seems to be a bit more high-level than other games in the same genre. This can be both good and bad as it allows for you to reach a higher skill ceiling, but it can be discouraging to new players. The community can be vile and the punishments for "leaving" a game are strict. If you have connection problems or have other commitments that won't allow you to spend updwards of an hour at the computer, I don't think that this is something you could enjoy. Since it is free, I'd recommend you pick it up and give it a try. I will update this review to be more in-depth at a later time.
game-hours: 2752.8
review: Epic Fun!!! ^^
game-hours: 4867.3
review: ??
game-hours: 382.2
review: Its nice, a must try.
game-hours: 1503.0
review: BATAK!
game-hours: 3936.9
review: yeah!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 988.3
review: ^_^ hihihihi
game-hours: 799.4
review: Very fun its hard in the beginning but if you played some games its really fun to play for all the new players i shall recommend to first play versus bots or else if you go online you get hate and maybe get reported also you need time for this game 1 game is about 30-45 minutes if you dont have that time and leave the game you come in low priority that means you wont get any items or experience and first need to do 6 games in low priority to get out of it. Goodluck!
game-hours: 508.1
review: 0/10 would not fap to again.
game-hours: 593.9
review: nice
game-hours: 2092.4
review: :D
game-hours: 375.4
review: asik
game-hours: 291.0
review: El Mejor MOBA que existe
game-hours: 933.4
review: good
game-hours: 3948.6
review: Nice game btw..
game-hours: 1762.1
review: most playfull game in the world :D
game-hours: 924.1
review: good game for people,but needed to train hard
game-hours: 1049.5
review: Each match of Dota 2 is independent and involves two teams, both containing five players and each occupying a stronghold at either end of the map. Located in each stronghold is a building called the "Ancient"; to win, a team must destroy the enemy's Ancient. Each player controls a "Hero" character and focuses on leveling up, collecting gold, acquiring items and fighting against the other team to achieve victory. Overall, this game is a very intense and full of war occurrences, spell caster, magic and physical damage, even the absolutely stunning built-up for every each heroes. This game, Dota 2, is the best multi-player game available on the market yet...!
game-hours: 1027.7
review: z
game-hours: 975.3
review: very good game
game-hours: 928.5
review: Great Competitve game Better MOBA then most And it's Fun and easy to enjoy
game-hours: 2298.8
review: THE REAL DOTA IS HERE!!!
game-hours: 115.3
review: Good game no meta
game-hours: 1758.1
review: zxc
game-hours: 993.4
review: lov him
game-hours: 4922.4
review: Good Teamplay,Good Gameplay!!! Good Job Valve!
game-hours: 773.6
review: BEST
game-hours: 68.0
review: GAY
game-hours: 1416.5
review: wew
game-hours: 1084.7
review: Perfect!!!
game-hours: 1729.4
review: gggggg
game-hours: 986.3
review: nice
game-hours: 2835.8
review: goood
game-hours: 221.2
review: check it out:D
game-hours: 1705.0
review: Dota 2 is a fun and energetic game. There is a diverse roster of heroes to choose from that each have there own unique abilities so you'll never get bored. You can buy character sets, announcers, HUD skins, couriers, and loading screens to customize the way you want your game to look. It is difficult when you are new to it, but you'll eventually get the hang of it. I recommend this game to almost anyone in the steam community, and the good thing is....its FREE!!!
game-hours: 593.8
review: Addictive games, should be played for anyone who love strategic games
game-hours: 1370.3
review: EPIC GAME.
game-hours: 1466.1
review: DOTA 2 is simply the best game ever in the world. Valve has done a really great job.
game-hours: 1040.9
review: Hands down dopest dope I've ever smoked.
game-hours: 1841.8
review: the most adventure game i ever had!
game-hours: 558.4
review: 120.28.125.242
game-hours: 2123.1
review: Here there be trolls.
game-hours: 276.8
review: yes but our PC dont open the dota 2. Please help
game-hours: 127.1
review: Dota 2 is a bad game and it sucks really. The players are mostly noob. Dota 2 depends on the strength of heroes not on the skills of the ones who played it. Even the matchamaking system is imbalanced. Everytime I play Dota 2 it's like my team is 40% and the enemy is 60%. Which is really imbalance. Also Dota 2 has a very bad impact based on item cosmetics. Here in our "poor" country this became a huge issue. I hope they ban Dota 2 in the Philippines
game-hours: 1016.9
review: Playing Dota 2.. Dota 2 is Great Games..
game-hours: 3134.1
review: gg
game-hours: 2744.9
review: Very good game
game-hours: 1099.8
review: If you are new to MOBAs.... go to league of legends to get your foot in the waters, because this game is hardcore and complex. put in simple this is HIGH RISK/ HIGH REWARD. fail 2 or three times, the match favors the other team. there will be frustrating moments, but after you past the learning curve, this game is very addicting. only watch the pro plays on youtube after you already get a feel of what dota is about, and you will be amazed at the things the pro players are able to pull off.
game-hours: 5.5
review: Mostwanted Game, 5 Stars.
game-hours: 1679.8
review: This game ruined gaming for me, all I play now is dota. who needs 120 other games. Also, this game will make you hate Russians 11/10 GOTY every year
game-hours: 408.5
review: hoho ~ maen yok maen ^^
game-hours: 2688.1
review: ing super cool game that i have ever played after a 10 years relay addicted
game-hours: 1776.3
review: best game ever~!
game-hours: 4653.0
review: nice
game-hours: 646.1
review: An Epic Game , Just Need Some Edit , And It Will Be PERFECT !
game-hours: 681.7
review: LoL
game-hours: 2383.2
review: hehe
game-hours: 2326.8
review: SUPREME
game-hours: 2105.5
review: Best Game Ever!!!!
game-hours: 583.4
review: nice
game-hours: 2137.5
review: Dota2=DotaTwo=DoTo :)
game-hours: 827.6
review: This game is awesome. Seriously nice graphics
game-hours: 104.5
review: better than lol4
game-hours: 1352.6
review: this  make me no sleep at night and skip my lunch. Forget my current problem and make long time become shorter. I luv it. Thank you valve introducing this to us.
game-hours: 1461.8
review: must try this game... :-)
game-hours: 505.7
review: uyeee
game-hours: 378.4
review: Love This Game.....................................<3
game-hours: 1390.6
review: good
game-hours: 1646.6
review: very awesome game!!
game-hours: 1835.1
review: free to play
game-hours: 1310.1
review: yeah
game-hours: 686.0
review: Warning: Dota 2 causes crack-like addiction; including increased heart rate, serious rage, unstoppable laughter and inability to call it a night after a  defeat. When playing alongside a great and coordinated team vs a great enemy team, it doesn't get much more intense or fun. If you haven't started playing yet, find some friends who already do and get on the train.
game-hours: 1176.6
review: tes
game-hours: 501.9
review: Best game everrrr~
game-hours: 980.7
review: Dota 2 such a wonderful game <3 More power ~
game-hours: 3489.2
review: this game is awsome
game-hours: 2417.1
review: It's a pretty fun game if you hate yourself
game-hours: 1925.4
review: just one more game.... I know this is the 5th time I said it! I don't really believe it anyway either! This is easily one of the best Free-to-Play games. It is NOT free-to-win or anything like that. Nothing you buy has ANY effect on the gameplay. You are essentially paying just to play dress-up with your characters (and you get those items for free through playing anyway!) It is a HUGE game, and you WILL SUCK HORRIBLY at first. Choose a fairly simple hero (probably a support first) and learn how they work before you switch heroes. WATCH THE PROS! There are some free games and tournaments to watch and learn how the game is played and they are actually FUN TO WATCH. The community is probably 40-60 between welcoming players and A$$holes. Make friends with the good ones and keep playing with them, or better yet play with some of your REAL friends and suck horribly together! After about 300-1000 hours of playing, you might only suck a bit, though you'll probably still suck pretty bad. By that point there's no turning back -- you will be a DOTA2 player for life! and it will be GLORIOUS! The only people I would NOT reccommend this to are: people with limited time (games average 25-45 mins and can go past an hour) people who get frustrated easily or let the griefers get to them (thin skin will do you in!) people who can't communicate or like to do things their own way -- this is THE TEAM GAME. Listen to your team to win, or listen to your team  you out.
game-hours: 1040.6
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 247.9
review: Best Moba out there
game-hours: 757.2
review: zxczxc
game-hours: 2220.9
review: You might laugh, you might cry. Russians will invade and peruvians will try to take over. You will question your sanity but you will never be in any really trouble. At the end of the day its like being in an abusive relationship with a great deity that gives you the best s of your life.
game-hours: 516.0
review: Well, i think it's a good game. I reccomend to all gamers to try it! And of course enjoy it too!
game-hours: 1806.4
review: Intense
game-hours: 1769.3
review: rec :D
game-hours: 781.0
review: this game is awesome!
game-hours: 1817.5
review: 100 heroes and too many combinations, is fun
game-hours: 1916.6
review: sorditfugjsp0diofjms-d[hkp
game-hours: 4419.8
review: Nice free game
game-hours: 929.2
review: GOOOOD
game-hours: 23.3
review: Get good. Don't feed.
game-hours: 173.1
review: Awesome game i love it
game-hours: 1009.6
review: Dota 2 for life!
game-hours: 1177.0
review: Really good game!
game-hours: 1421.7
review: Best Game ever. From the gameplay to the graphics, effects, and community(except russians) but it's playable :D. Tottaly recomend DOTA !
game-hours: 3146.3
review: recomended
game-hours: 1205.8
review: ._. megusta
game-hours: 57.9
review: Nice game..
game-hours: 160.1
review: It's an amazing game - technically outstanding, showing all of Valve's usual polish and attention to detail, especially in the all-important multiplayer aspects. The continual balance tweaks and new heroes combined with the vast amount of content in the game offer countless hours of enjoyment. It's hard to master but good wins with your teammates are incredibly satisfying. It took me a long time to warm up to, but I'm helplessly addicted and every day look forward to getting home to fire this up with my friends. If you can spare the time - play it.
game-hours: 1563.4
review: !!! GGWP !!!
game-hours: 1.5
review: Well, since I had several keys for this game I decided to give a few to some friends before installing a copy of my own. Upon installing I joined a game, and I was welcomed by many, many friendly Russians. These young Soviets helped me learn the basics of this wondrous, innovative experience. Here is some of of the advice they gave me "Plz stop playing" "WAT  R U DOING" "I  UR MATHER" An excellent game with an equally excellent community
game-hours: 2460.7
review: paly doto is fun
game-hours: 33.0
review: This is a fun game but very hard and I am terrible. 7/10
game-hours: 610.8
review: .
game-hours: 1443.1
review: if war is not fair, why call it warfare?
game-hours: 2536.1
review: this game so fun. make me tired :D ha ha ha
game-hours: 3278.1
review: gg
game-hours: 2642.7
review: gg game and nice game
game-hours: 2077.2
review: Amazing game, too many Russian players who ruin the experience!
game-hours: 652.9
review: wqeadadwdawdwad
game-hours: 1962.5
review: best MOBA
game-hours: 1477.5
review: i dont know why but i love this game 100/10 i cant play this though but i love it (Y)
game-hours: 673.8
review: its a awesome game
game-hours: 17.9
review: Really good strategy game! P.S:Better than LOL (League of Legends)
game-hours: 658.4
review: Cool And i Like it!!!
game-hours: 2122.5
review: very nice game :D
game-hours: 1011.8
review: Insane ing game, no need to add more.
game-hours: 295.4
review: LETS ME POT SHOT
game-hours: 1073.6
review: game, uninstall as soon as you can
game-hours: 1143.6
review: Great Graphics. Very Enjoyable to play
game-hours: 1656.6
review: Amazing game. Blows LoL away
game-hours: 1589.5
review: I played so much that I didn't sleep, and shower for 3 days. All I ate inbetween games was Pop tarts . Amazing Game!
game-hours: 579.5
review: Cool and epic game.
game-hours: 273.5
review: awesome game i get really addicting into it add me if you play!
game-hours: 1168.2
review: good
game-hours: 876.2
review: sad
game-hours: 235.9
review: its aite
game-hours: 5.1
review: hi
game-hours: 2104.4
review: nice ..
game-hours: 1250.6
review: x)
game-hours: 1834.0
review: this is awesome
game-hours: 1235.9
review: great game
game-hours: 1678.6
review: nice
game-hours: 13.4
review: best game ever gonna mlg  in the butt million bazillion prize dinero i will win how do i pass tutorial
game-hours: 856.9
review: dota2 is fresh
game-hours: 406.4
review: Brilliant game , keeps your mind intact :D
game-hours: 109.7
review: I HOPE THIS ACCOUNT IS GOOD TO ME .,
game-hours: 1208.2
review: Been playing since the original DOTA and it just keeps getting better and better.
game-hours: 229.1
review: hehe
game-hours: 3674.8
review: ........
game-hours: 1713.5
review: raki
game-hours: 1398.5
review: .....
game-hours: 3350.1
review: I Will recommend this game to all players that are true fans of good rpg games :)
game-hours: 1671.8
review: GG
game-hours: 877.5
review: Very nice game. :)
game-hours: 995.9
review: This Game is . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (Speechless) Shut up and Play DOTA2
game-hours: 35.2
review: im writing a review because badge
game-hours: 50.5
review: (Y)
game-hours: 1676.6
review: good
game-hours: 741.8
review: Really addictive and awesome game. But you have to play it with friends. Without them you will be constantly facing rage, vulgarisms and insults from the horrible community (doesn't really matter if they are in your or enemy team).
game-hours: 1605.3
review: THE BEST GAME EVER AND ITS FREE !
game-hours: 3244.5
review: AMAZING
game-hours: 77.8
review: Did not like it at first though it was slow and dumb and kept losing did not know why, then I won a game, and another and another. Then I lost...... tried again, lost. tried again , won, top of the team, lost again ,won, disconnected, won lost won, won, won, maxed a character, got godlike!!!! I'm still playing, can't stop, win lose win win lose,  team, good team, what does this item do? and this? or this? hold back, push , work togeter, kill, push, kill. What the hell happened? , I love this game now.
game-hours: 44.2
review: The game is great, it is very interesting to play ...
game-hours: 1549.1
review: Awesome game, never will get bored with it. The again #screwphantomlancer
game-hours: 783.7
review: "It's ok 11/10" -IGN
game-hours: 393.4
review: Fantastic free-to-play.
game-hours: 3050.5
review: Best game ever? :D
game-hours: 1832.3
review: wow just wow
game-hours: 525.1
review: too good to quit!!!
game-hours: 2663.2
review: Some words about Dota 2, it`s a game, which can take a lot of your free time, and usually you won`t be worried that you played 13 hours in 2 day. You have to try this, you`ll sure be entertained, whoever you are (Even if you`re troll C:). Dota 2 is new begining of MOBA games, you can play it for free, and if you`ll go to professional scene, you`ll even earn some money. Just in case, worldwide's tournament "The International" has more than 1.000.000$ as prize fund each year, can`t say if it is going to be 4th International, but i hope so.
game-hours: 2260.8
review: I guess it might be worth the price. 0 that is.
game-hours: 851.9
review: This is very nice game
game-hours: 619.7
review: it's a epic fantasy game and role strategy i ever play
game-hours: 1949.1
review: *Sigh*, I feel the good old video game addiction kicking in again...
game-hours: 675.7
review: best strategy
game-hours: 877.7
review: For the non-casual mobo player in all of us 10/10, might be 11 but Russians.
game-hours: 230.2
review: its hmmmm....hmmmmmmmmmmm and hmmmmmmm!!!
game-hours: 2942.8
review: Great
game-hours: 1229.5
review: asdasdasd
game-hours: 3234.9
review: 2000+ hours of dota... Still cant play Invoker, but Im already fluent in russian
game-hours: 1496.6
review: Ruined my life. 10/10 Would do again
game-hours: 9.4
review: N!cE
game-hours: 232.9
review: Hi im the user of moii_ and was playing since dota , dota and dota2 were my favourite and only game i'm playing still. but unfortunately, my poor networking was drive me crazy cause im always being disconnected while playing. it caused me been abandoned more than 10 matches. i wasnt what i meant. can you please help me on this to clear the poor abandoned record of this incident? appreciate for your response.. thanks advanced.
game-hours: 3428.9
review: It's an addiction
game-hours: 111.2
review: I'll Like This game
game-hours: 1112.1
review: nice
game-hours: 2798.0
review: nice graphic, good to play
game-hours: 1617.2
review: very excellent and most addictive game!!!
game-hours: 311.6
review: >_<
game-hours: 1754.0
review: HELLO TRADERS PLS NOTICE THERES A LOT OF SCAMMERS NOW ON DOTA 2 THEY WILL ADD U AND SPAM U WITH MESSAGE SAYING ADD THERE FRIEND BECAUSE THEY CANT ADD U NOTICE THAT IT WILL TAKE U TO A FAKE STEAM LOGIN PAGE " DONT LOG IN" ITS A HACKED / SCAM AND THEY WILL
game-hours: 2021.4
review: i'd recomend this game cuz this is good strategy game
game-hours: 4405.3
review: Mirana Rampage... :)
game-hours: 301.2
review: best game ever
game-hours: 910.4
review: Best Real-Time Strategy game, Millions of players, what can you ask for?
game-hours: 854.3
review: BEST GAME EVA
game-hours: 774.1
review: Gameplay's just like DotA 1 but this one has better features like matchmaking!
game-hours: 1247.4
review: Very nice! :D
game-hours: 633.9
review: good
game-hours: 1126.3
review: ertyuh
game-hours: 2249.1
review: i like this game
game-hours: 1532.9
review: this recomended for play
game-hours: 1236.3
review: try
game-hours: 2021.0
review: The best language learning tool on the internet.
game-hours: 1760.6
review: i think :/
game-hours: 1343.1
review: NICe Game
game-hours: 1261.0
review: DOTA IS MY LIFE ,GOOD GAME
game-hours: 17.7
review: Gay
game-hours: 884.1
review: BEST GAME IN WORLD
game-hours: 539.2
review: kill for every one :)
game-hours: 793.5
review: good
game-hours: 4.6
review: I LOVE DOTA 2 the best game in world
game-hours: 451.1
review: very nice strategic game
game-hours: 231.0
review: Gamaei...
game-hours: 1912.1
review: best game on the steam
game-hours: 1264.7
review: Very nice, plz add achievements
game-hours: 776.2
review: Dota 2 at first doesn't seem like one of the best games but once you get into it and get some hours on the clock playing, you'll notice how you can endlessly enjoy the game. The bonus to that is that there are no cheaters and people that might ruin the game for you. The game mechanics are designed well although some heroes/champions are over powerered if you master them over other ones. The in-game purchases have nothing to do with player performance, you can buy skins or rather 'clothes' for them making you stand out but don't improve your skills or anything. Overall I rate the game 8/10. -1 for some heroes over powered. -1 for the dota 2 network being a problem.
game-hours: 1065.3
review: i love dota 2
game-hours: 1017.2
review: time stealer, lots of russians . !!! // OP GAME
game-hours: 1714.0
review: <3
game-hours: 3234.9
review: DotA is better than League of Shiite's. Them damned Sunni took that game over and they suck.
game-hours: 477.5
review: awesome
game-hours: 4249.3
review: Well
game-hours: 3685.7
review: graet game
game-hours: 1574.3
review: Oh, what i can say about this game... Legen... wait for it... dary!
game-hours: 2806.4
review: Great competitive game to play with your friends. Promotes strategy, team work and is very fun to play
game-hours: 1251.2
review: Awesome
game-hours: 50.5
review: good game
game-hours: 6362.4
review: (Y)
game-hours: 2439.1
review: very interesting game :)
game-hours: 280.7
review: best game
game-hours: 3717.2
review: So then like dota then play dota 2 if you wann try mobas i havent played HoN but ive played league and of the two i have enjoyed dota far more then league an as these are the two most popular they must be this way for a reason right? then why does it seem so hard? its because mobas have high learning curves and i reccoend playing atleast 15 bot matches before playin pvp
game-hours: 1289.7
review: Laro tayo?
game-hours: 2360.8
review: its ok
game-hours: 843.4
review: what more can a dota player say??!!! This is the Best!!!!!!!! no more no less....
game-hours: 765.5
review: NICE game
game-hours: 1457.5
review: help me
game-hours: 1197.8
review: help, cant play, need update, but its not updated automatically
game-hours: 2032.1
review: go..go.. let's play dota 2
game-hours: 1119.7
review: Much action, so fun, wow
game-hours: 614.6
review: Dota or Die
game-hours: 192.1
review: First my 20 hours of playing dota was soo booring , then I started playing with my firends and I said -hmm... That's game is cool-
game-hours: 804.0
review: yeah
game-hours: 950.1
review: Good game worthy to download trustme
game-hours: 4972.1
review: good game
game-hours: 866.6
review: Compendium simulator 2014
game-hours: 2058.7
review: russians.
game-hours: 1148.1
review: .....
game-hours: 992.5
review: Very fun 10/10 WS
game-hours: 13.4
review: ^^
game-hours: 1025.5
review: Dota 2 is one of the most fantastic strategy game i've ever played. There are some few things i'd like to review about some great features that Dota 1 hasnt: 1) Customize In-Game Effects. Valve really did a great job by adding some feature like customize hero with different types of armor. You can also customize courier, announcer, mega-kill voice, and loading screen. Good news is those items can be earned from drops after game that have a different drop chance depend on its rarity, the higher rarity = the better looks of items. so more play = more items ! :) 2) Level-system. Just like every online game does, you can't refuse a level-system. In Dota 2, The higher the level means the higher rarity of items you can get. You can earn a higher level by gaining battle points from every game you play 3) Ranked Match Feature. Valve also added ranked match feature. I think this is the very reason why i move to Dota 2 from Dota 1. After you reach level 13, you'll be able to play ranked match. There are two kinds of ranked match, first solo ranked match, second party ranked match. Solo ranked match works if you play alone (without party), party ranked match works if you play with your party that consist of 2,3 or 5 people. More rating you get means more skilled-person you can play with. 4) Watch Live Game and In-Game Replay Download. In Dota 1, you have to be an observer to watch a game. In Dota 2, Valve makes it easier by adding "Watch" tab in game. From this feature, you can spectate every single game from Steam server, not to mention you can also watch a professional match that is available everyday. If you think the game you watched is interesting, you are able to download the replay everytime and learn from it. I'm sorry for bad english, I hope this review's helpful. Regards, Heisenberg.
game-hours: 206.1
review: hi
game-hours: 2714.6
review: epic game <3
game-hours: 1041.2
review: Must try. :D
game-hours: 2235.8
review: it is one of the best games i played before
game-hours: 2713.7
review: nc
game-hours: 1227.2
review: Aweomse
game-hours: 1162.9
review: ing players
game-hours: 632.4
review: Awesome
game-hours: 1113.5
review: ing awesome game
game-hours: 174.7
review: Come play dota 2 <3
game-hours: 2564.1
review: .
game-hours: 1650.5
review: Best Game Ever.
game-hours: 1224.8
review: Guide to life: How to be a racist. How to insult someone properly. And grammar lessons from guys in nigeria,honolulu, pakistan and more! 10/10
game-hours: 3723.7
review: Definitely the best MOBA game ever :)
game-hours: 1449.0
review: meet the pro players ~
game-hours: 1067.7
review: want ursa alpine stalker's set
game-hours: 48.6
review: Simply the best MOBA out there
game-hours: 566.8
review: :)
game-hours: 2901.7
review: This game is really good i recommend all of you to try this game out! you'll have lots of fun playing Dota 2!
game-hours: 2154.5
review: Nice.
game-hours: 19.8
review: Teammates so kind that they love whole your family
game-hours: 153.8
review: awesome game! :D must play!!! :3
game-hours: 1579.2
review: Got obsessed with Dota to the point where my girlfriend broke up with me. 1000/10
game-hours: 1447.6
review: Farm simulator 2kXX 10/10
game-hours: 932.7
review: It's a true free to play game, no hero purchases or rotations needed. You need never to spend a penny on this game if you don't want too. With over 700 hours clocked in and a larger player base than WOW I'd reccomend it to anyone... oh yea and the pro's play for 10 MEEELION dollars!!
game-hours: 174.3
review: I think Dota 2 is a methodically paced MOBA. It has it's distinctive flavour of heroes and the client is jam packed full of features. I mostly like the insance amount of depth this game brings, very fun with friends!
game-hours: 1453.8
review: When life gives you lemons, force them down the throats of your enemies at DOTA 2.
game-hours: 2194.7
review: Russians, russians everywhere.
game-hours: 1175.0
review: Nice MOBA game I love it
game-hours: 2846.0
review: Game is hard
game-hours: 1403.6
review: Good Game
game-hours: 327.7
review: Best game ever !
game-hours: 270.4
review: This game has an insanely high learning curve, and is unforgiving to new players. But if you have the patience to get through it, it'll all be worth it. The game is the classic tri lane MOBA, with a large roster of heroes, and the list continues to grow. This game also is completely F2P, in the purest form. No pay to win scams....period. The entire game is free, all the heroes, even the cosmetics which other f2p games would charge for you can earn by just playing the game through end of match drops. Now granted you won't be getting anything good for your first 100 or so matches. But once you get past like level 7 you're eligible for any level rarity drops including COURIERS!! Now on to the gameplay. one way this game sets itself apart from its competition is that it has a turning mechanism, in other mobas when you click the other direction your hero immediately turns and moves there. In DOTA 2, your hero will perform a full body turn, which could take some time which in turn means you could die. The game as I said earlier is unforgiving to new players, what I mean by that is when you die, you LOSE gold. Dying in MOBAs is bad enough giving enemy laner chance to free farm and gain xp, but an extra barrier for yourself isnt a good thing for the one who died, especially early laning. Another big thing NO RECALL TO BASE. Other mobas, you can simply recall to base no matter where on the map, not here. You can carry tp scrolls allowing you to tp to any ally tower, but those cost money, and go on cooldown after use (don't move while tp, trust me). And the last MAJOR thing that sets itself apart is the balance, this game has every hero become OP, meaning if any hero was placed in LoL or some other MOBA, that hero would most likely become op in that game. With every hero becoming OP in DOTA 2 there is balance. So your stuns last for like 5 seconds, your nukes CAN kill in one hit. A snowballer could mean level 25 while everyone else is still lvl 10. These things sound game breaking but somehow works very well. All in all the game is great, nothing to complain about other then unforgiving to mistakes. But if you be patient and work your way through it you'll find yourself not playing any other game much.
game-hours: 1073.3
review: a
game-hours: 46.5
review: :)
game-hours: 2597.3
review: Addicting!!
game-hours: 1693.7
review: All time favorite game
game-hours: 2333.9
review: can don always update the dota 2 ?
game-hours: 1788.6
review: Awesome game, recommended to everyone.
game-hours: 301.2
review: great Moba , steep learning curve
game-hours: 1456.3
review: nice
game-hours: 1764.7
review: wow wow wow!!
game-hours: 667.6
review: This is good!!
game-hours: 899.9
review: For SEA servers, you'll learn philippines language. They are the Russian of the SEA servers. Sucks you in for years. 11/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 2307.0
review: DOWNLOAD IT AND FEED !
game-hours: 1683.4
review: absolute pro game
game-hours: 334.5
review: ...
game-hours: 1262.8
review: Nice & Perfect Game
game-hours: 1727.2
review: this game is awesome!
game-hours: 2000.2
review: Dota 2 is an very addictive Game for lovers of the Dota-Mod for Warcraft 3 ! :3 you can recieve skins for your heros without buying anything ;3 itz not a pay to win game and it would be amazing if more gamers would play this beautiful piece of software ! :D Much Greetings, DaTSiK <3
game-hours: 1441.3
review: GG
game-hours: 1385.4
review: i have been played dota about 8 years ago, dota its a strategy game. its was a great game coz make me thinking how to win
game-hours: 1515.4
review: the most owesome game!! best game ever..we feel like hero when play this game..hahaha
game-hours: 1120.3
review: Wel siek bled I was liek huly crap dis cnt be 4 rel den it waz n i waz liek #yolo
game-hours: 1129.1
review: very good free to play game
game-hours: 2107.4
review: Before playing Dota 2 I knew nothing about DOTA or League of Legends, so everything I know I learned in Dota 2. The game is very, very deep and complex, it took me 400 hours to get the basics, 700 to understand the item builds and 1000 to play it reasonably well. The amount of hero combinations make this game almost impossible to get tired of. It's definitely not pay2win, it has good graphics and Valve updates it constantly. If you don't know how to play this game, I recommend to mute everyone at the start of every match, so you don't get pissed off. Also try playing with bots to learn. coment me
game-hours: 1315.0
review: a amazing game
game-hours: 1625.5
review: LOL  o !!!!
game-hours: 3356.4
review: GGWP
game-hours: 2200.7
review: Very good remake of the original Dota Warcraft III For the orignal dota lovers it is the rebirth of the saga. If you are a LoL player your deffently familiar with the Moba play style but you will have a harder time getting used to this because this game is alot harder and is alot more punishing for playing bad. One bad teamfight can bring the entier game down. I recommend teaming up with couple of friends and go together trough the learning rollercoaster curve
game-hours: 3506.3
review: really nice
game-hours: 727.9
review: well it is very good game
game-hours: 795.1
review: Games good, try it out.
game-hours: 1370.5
review: Nice game to play. Hard to get used to but it's fun when you learn to play it.
game-hours: 378.3
review: NICE GAME
game-hours: 4.0
review: Everyone is mean!
game-hours: 1834.3
review: Best game of all time
game-hours: 971.1
review: GGWP for Dota 2 its 100% lifesteal .__. my money absorbed by this GAME Nice one Valve
game-hours: 1990.5
review: Play doto.Every day
game-hours: 781.4
review: Failed all my exams because I was playing Dota instead of revising. 10/10.
game-hours: 1034.5
review: i love this game (y)
game-hours: 1304.9
review: i think this game made me racist thirteen white stars on a blue st. andrew's cross out of 10
game-hours: 2868.8
review: sdasdasd
game-hours: 3229.1
review: This is the best game I've ever played in my entire life.
game-hours: 5817.6
review: I absolutely recommend this game. It takes years to learn and a life to master, and it is worth every second of your time.
game-hours: 15.6
review: League of Legends rip-off 9/11
game-hours: 1010.4
review: If you like mass chaos, extreme rage, and learning russian, spanish, and any other language, this game is for you!
game-hours: 766.0
review: HARD GAME AND GOOD STRATEGI
game-hours: 951.7
review: awesome
game-hours: 998.0
review: !
game-hours: 3711.3
review: link it, sink it, install it, play it.
game-hours: 6678.5
review: good
game-hours: 2550.0
review: ok
game-hours: 422.0
review: COOL ~
game-hours: 578.6
review: This game, Dota 2; when i started to watch game while my seniors are playing, i wasn't have any intrest on it, and when i started to play it i am going on playing like hell. I've gone crazy with the heroes in Dota 2. This game is incredible. I like this game like anything and i go on playing now \m/
game-hours: 1058.8
review: Having a hard time copying dota 2 files to another pc. Someone should deal with this,
game-hours: 874.3
review: :)
game-hours: 3111.2
review: nc game
game-hours: 903.8
review: money making game
game-hours: 3646.9
review: i love it so much, im addicted to dota 2
game-hours: 285.5
review: haha lol
game-hours: 1026.2
review: very nice game
game-hours: 1714.6
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 2901.6
review: nice game !
game-hours: 1988.4
review: Addictive
game-hours: 5946.4
review: Ok.
game-hours: 304.7
review: Good Game to play Not recommend 4 LoL player... This is too hard 4 U, try other like Candy Crush Saga =))
game-hours: 1928.9
review: Built the wrong boots and it cost us the game 10/10
game-hours: 1615.0
review: What to kill some times?
game-hours: 1918.7
review: yes yes yes yes yes yes
game-hours: 1823.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 1949.2
review: Amazingly addictive game. Thumbs up.
game-hours: 401.1
review: This is a great game for people because it shows the elements of chess and the spirit of basket ball. It is a very wonderful game that is welcome for everyone around the globe. I recommend this game for people with hardship and in need of strategic and financial help. It is a certainly wonderful game that is known and played by many people who never regret playing Dota 2
game-hours: 3273.3
review: asdf
game-hours: 2069.5
review: High learning curve, but highly addictive.
game-hours: 388.4
review: good game
game-hours: 1868.1
review: Dota 2
game-hours: 1504.1
review: love it
game-hours: 1056.0
review: Good game
game-hours: 491.1
review: Vey fun
game-hours: 736.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 811.8
review: Best Plays game
game-hours: 2171.3
review: The game is the bomb! I advise everyone!
game-hours: 100.0
review: goblin tehcies!! yeahyeahyeah
game-hours: 1061.6
review: Waah... !
game-hours: 1541.8
review: good game
game-hours: 991.8
review: DOTA 2 > LOL HAHA THAT ENOUGH
game-hours: 3056.7
review: i have nothing to say =)
game-hours: 1270.9
review: cool game
game-hours: 821.9
review: Where's my Techies, valve?
game-hours: 1428.7
review: dis gaim es fan u gais shud plaiy ut
game-hours: 1086.1
review: awesome . it my life :D
game-hours: 847.9
review: GG
game-hours: 1165.2
review: Legend continues....!
game-hours: 1322.3
review: 10/10 Ruined my life. Made me learn Russian and hate all Peruvians.
game-hours: 1145.0
review: It's like Skyrim with towers!
game-hours: 668.0
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 2364.3
review: Great game. Please play it.
game-hours: 569.1
review: This game is vry addicted! i like it... its make your brain thinking and focus . Lol
game-hours: 49.7
review: DOTA
game-hours: 4.3
review: This game be good
game-hours: 675.4
review: Most Intense game ever.. !! host dota2 server in indonesia to avoid game lag
game-hours: 2541.9
review: Play this game, meet noobs, quit few days.. come back feeling like winning, meet noobs, quit few days, repeat cycle.
game-hours: 1.1
review: Graphics clearly stolen from FortressCraft. 2/10 would not play again
game-hours: 1857.1
review: Great game always improve graphic :D
game-hours: 2449.1
review: The best game in the world !
game-hours: 419.3
review: Giff me keys
game-hours: 1442.9
review: lai2 play =)
game-hours: 489.2
review: addicting as f... game
game-hours: 2657.9
review: Not a single black person
game-hours: 603.3
review: Good Game, Well Played!
game-hours: 2764.5
review: keren banget nih game serius dah
game-hours: 816.9
review: Really good way to enjoy with your friends. Deep enough, never ending fun and learning. So many great improvements from Dota 1
game-hours: 2394.9
review: Great : ))
game-hours: 273.9
review: Tired of all your friends and want to avoid them? Hate your family members and never want to see them again? Can't stand your significant other? You feel nothing but contempt for your job? Well then, do I have a game for you: DOTA 2
game-hours: 2741.0
review: haha
game-hours: 1020.1
review: dobo 2 the sequel to dobo originial
game-hours: 1243.5
review: For me,this is absolutely one of the game that you must try.It is an epic and addictive game.There are several reasons why I would love to recommend this game to other gamers as well.Firstly,this game is cooperative game where you need the teamwork skills by cooperate with your teammates to destroy their base on 5v5 but every hero have their own unique skills.The interesting part is that,you need to find a way with your team to enhance your skill and strategy to achieve your goal.Sometimes,communication is the key to success because you need to think carefully,act fast and cooperate in order to gain the glorious victory.Remember,use all the oppurtunity given to hunt down your prey by gank or strategy to weaken your enemy.The faster you gain the money,the easier you will gain the victory.This is the best strategy games that I've ever played in my entire life.You guys must try it because seeing is believing.Hope this review will increase more gamers to spend their time on this game.
game-hours: 1729.9
review: Never play this game. Don't even think about it. Unless you want to kill yourself. Then play this game because it will make you want to kill yourself and then your family can sue volvo or something. I hope that happens and Gaben cries.
game-hours: 4676.5
review: this game is good to play
game-hours: 1037.8
review: Simply the best of this kind of games...
game-hours: 3376.5
review: Nice to play on the competitive side and on the casual side, build for Steam, integrated for Steam, being free makes the icing on the cake
game-hours: 2517.7
review: A game that will get u addicted more than u r addicted to porn
game-hours: 3008.2
review: this game make me stay all night :(
game-hours: 2269.6
review: DON'T JUST DON'T I SEE YOUR CURSOR OVER INSTALL YOU  CLOSE THIS TAB RIGHT NOW
game-hours: 424.6
review: Best Free To Play !
game-hours: 1719.8
review: r det svrt eller? neh det r inte svrt
game-hours: 2193.5
review: .
game-hours: 1101.2
review: Awful community but addicting game.
game-hours: 883.3
review: This game is awfully fun and you can learn Russian for free !! You should definetely play it 9/11 never forget
game-hours: 1128.6
review: :*
game-hours: 982.9
review: very good game
game-hours: 1873.4
review: it's the best/addictive game ever!!!!!
game-hours: 1018.3
review: nice Game
game-hours: 952.2
review: a
game-hours: 1195.4
review: Best Game Ever !!!
game-hours: 410.7
review: A very epic game to play with friends and good to all country
game-hours: 1567.7
review: Strogo preporucujem svima koji vole ruse.
game-hours: 2828.6
review: Thank Vavle and Ice Frog for create a Dota 2 That is good game ever Thank u
game-hours: 2305.6
review: very good game and interesting to play, cmon join and play together !
game-hours: 1349.2
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 1272.3
review: Interlingual cursing simulator 2014. Destroyed my life, 10/10.
game-hours: 2097.7
review: ruined my life 5 stars
game-hours: 1309.1
review: Cant beat it\
game-hours: 2845.8
review: this is a great game play ever
game-hours: 1164.6
review: i like making people loose there  in chat
game-hours: 888.9
review: ,   , 10  10,  !
game-hours: 1925.6
review: This game is so amazing! It's a part of my life !
game-hours: 2433.9
review: DotA 2 Rocks the WORLD !!!!
game-hours: 249.3
review: Boon Panes
game-hours: 535.5
review: this game is so nice i can't even sleep well because this game is in my mind always their are to many things i want to do more in this game. ^_^
game-hours: 1023.9
review: good game
game-hours: 873.1
review: LOVE this BS
game-hours: 1018.8
review: :P
game-hours: 1667.8
review: awesome game!!
game-hours: 302.7
review: cool strategic co-op gameplay with awesome features and stuffs, dominate everything!
game-hours: 348.7
review: Dota 2 _________________________________________ When I got this game i was optimistic at first this game was really hard, controlls were strange to me but after several hours of playing it i really enjoyed it and i loved it. And its free, Great Game
game-hours: 569.6
review: the game teaches you many things such as team work, strategy, charecter build and russian. it causes you to be racsit towards any 1 who don't speak english, get's you angry when some one is playing as Riki, drow ranger and sniper. side effects: hatered to Russians, masive reduce in sleep hours, paranoia for pink smoke, anger and racsisem. 10/10 would buy if it was not free.
game-hours: 799.7
review: dota 2 is a cool game!
game-hours: 3210.5
review: happy wheel
game-hours: 1379.8
review: nice
game-hours: 219.3
review: best multiplayer game
game-hours: 3398.3
review: Yes
game-hours: 159.4
review: This game is very good for me.
game-hours: 3658.5
review: good
game-hours: 734.4
review: best game, very recomended..the best free game on steam 9/10
game-hours: 143.1
review: Its halfway there to ruining my life and I ain't stopping now.
game-hours: 1424.1
review: Nice Game, but Im noob :p
game-hours: 1532.4
review: steam
game-hours: 2179.3
review: !!!!!!!!
game-hours: 4054.6
review: Newbie!!
game-hours: 439.6
review: I Recommend this game because this game has it all. This game is all about pure skills and not about luck. I think this is the best multi-player game i've ever played :)
game-hours: 2050.4
review: nice
game-hours: 18.3
review: A great game nuff said
game-hours: 897.7
review: Dota Dota Dota
game-hours: 990.6
review: Best (:
game-hours: 1148.7
review: Good
game-hours: 1906.9
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 4350.4
review: Great WAR
game-hours: 491.8
review: .......
game-hours: 1255.9
review: <3
game-hours: 767.7
review: This game is amazing
game-hours: 1068.3
review: Really nice multiplayer stratigy game
game-hours: 116.7
review: Love this one <3
game-hours: 378.3
review: THE BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 1575.8
review: genliimin katili
game-hours: 221.8
review: Anti-mage's yolo doto 2
game-hours: 7.7
review: gud
game-hours: 1028.7
review: Good game for the MOBA lover.
game-hours: 922.2
review: Here we go again..
game-hours: 12138.1
review: !!
game-hours: 1793.6
review: I dont know what to say
game-hours: 645.8
review: The Perfect Game that i play :v
game-hours: 461.8
review: Good, has good audio.
game-hours: 197.0
review: yes
game-hours: 1131.9
review: need more rares
game-hours: 1253.6
review: Nice gamee !!!!!! very Nice !!!!
game-hours: 2839.3
review: Dota 2 l mt tr chi hnh ng chin thut thi gian thc (ARTS) c Valve Corporation pht trin, da theo mt mod game ni ting, Defense of the Ancients, t tr chi Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos v bn m rng ca n The Frozen Throne. c cng b ln u vo ngy 23 thng 10 nm 2010 qua Game Informer[5], tr chi sau  c a vo th nghim vi mt bn beta min ph thng qua h thng giftcode[6]. Valve pht hnh Dota 2 qua h thng iu phi Steam ca h m qua  tr chi c cp nht song song vi h thng phin bn DotA[7]. Thng thng, mi vn Dota 2 l mt trn u ring bit v chia lm 2 i, mi i gm 5 ngi chi v chim ng mt thnh ly  2 gc i din ca bn . Nm gia pho i mi bn l mt cng trnh gi l "Ancient" ("Thnh tch");  ginh chin thng, mt i phi ph hy thnh tch ca i i phng. Mi ngi chi ch c iu khin mt nhn vt duy nht s hu mt s kh nng chin u nht nh, phi hp cng ng i ginh li th trn bn   i ti chin thng. Cng vic pht trin Dota 2 c bt u vo nm 2009, vi vic Valve tuyn c nh pht trin "IceFrog" ca bn mod DotA lm nh thit k chnh ca ta tr chi tip ni ny. Dota 2 c khen ngi bi cc nh ph bnh tr chi in t do va gi c nt c sc ca tr tin nhim l DotA, va nng cao c cht lng tr chi, cng nh nhng cm nhn li cun, hng th m tr chi mang li. Tuy nhin Dota 2 cng b ph phn bi vic n c "ng cong hc hi" dc v cng ng ngi chi thiu thn thin. Tr chi hin l tr c chi nhiu nht trn Steam, vi lng ngi chi cng lc  nh im l 600.000.[8]
game-hours: 105.3
review: :)
game-hours: 913.7
review: good game
game-hours: 3647.4
review: ,     .
game-hours: 3481.5
review: one of the best games ive played in terms of competitive gaming
game-hours: 2.0
review: Nice game!
game-hours: 1677.3
review: i love this game
game-hours: 710.7
review: really awesome game must play it
game-hours: 110.3
review: It's alright, good RTS game.
game-hours: 1368.3
review: no need to explain it...
game-hours: 1776.9
review: good game
game-hours: 881.9
review: Farm Simulator 2014- A rage inducing, New language simulator where you can be yelled at in 4 different languages while wondering why anyone would waste 45 minutes of time on this. 10/10 ~ IGN
game-hours: 1034.7
review: Don't be disheartened by the steep learning curve. Just take it one step at a time, one game at a time.
game-hours: 978.0
review: I have learned many things from this game. Of which, I will pass onto thee before playing. -Learn Peruvian -Learn Russian -Don't play all pick -Good luck
game-hours: 2370.8
review: nice love you
game-hours: 1861.2
review: just cant stop playing!!.......
game-hours: 497.9
review: Fun game if teammates are good
game-hours: 1052.8
review: cool
game-hours: 1191.7
review: <3
game-hours: 4287.9
review: The Good  Deep and Rewarding team action  Matches are incredibly exciting and unpredictable  Fair Free-to-play business model  Brimming with style and personality  Intricate map offers a wealth of strategic possibilities The Bad  Will take over your life  Ruins some friendships -- Some random review.
game-hours: 2276.5
review: :D
game-hours: 1350.3
review: loads of fun when you have a great party!
game-hours: 3390.1
review: its iight
game-hours: 1089.1
review: Worst Game Ever. You can not jump ! ! ! 100/100
game-hours: 204.1
review: best game ever
game-hours: 138.2
review: , ,
game-hours: 1078.9
review: I love this game
game-hours: 3019.7
review: Best game on Steam.
game-hours: 1786.6
review: Sold my soul to Valve 10/10 would sell again
game-hours: 1445.7
review: You will start of fresh , not knowing what to do and then constantly being yelled at by someone for reason you do not why. Then you will slowy catching up to know more and more and the feeling of winning a game will become very fun and then very addicted. Then, after seeing so many others not knowing what you know...you will slowly change into a horrid creature.... the very soul-sucking creature that once slander you when you were just a young dota 2 player..... great game 5/5
game-hours: 1542.9
review: this game ruined my life 11/10
game-hours: 1510.7
review: It's alright I guess.
game-hours: 684.6
review: Do you like having a life? Not as much as you'll like playing this game, which is good because the two are mutually exclusive.
game-hours: 2168.0
review: Played a bit. HAD fun
game-hours: 1317.5
review: love this game.. but its getting lag if the server is populated...
game-hours: 2221.9
review: It's okay.
game-hours: 1208.3
review: its like a cat
game-hours: 2262.9
review: Well for starters, take a look at my total hours played. That should tell you how much I like this game. I honestly find the idea of a MOBA very appealing. Although there might be other games out there in the genre that (dare I say it) are better than DOTA 2, I still find DOTA 2 to be the one game I always go back too. The game mechanics are solid, the character balancing is always changing, adding new depths to the gameplay, and many of the players in DOTA are relatively laid back. Is DOTA 2 the best game in the world? Probably not. Is DOTA 2 the game I have spent 1000+ hours on and will probably spend another thousand on? Absolutely.
game-hours: 690.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 427.9
review: You dont play dota?You're a gay?
game-hours: 1859.5
review: This game will take your soul..you'll be friendless,lifeless,money-less and above all else loveless if you start playing this game..you'll be matched with toxic people of the community..trash talkers,ragers,people who won't turn off their f**king mics even when they have nothing to say..SEA dota?Pure toxic boys..SEA dota MMR?Pudge first pick..you're better off playing another game..for this game will grab you,chew you up and spit you back.. if you want to even dream of becoming one of the pros,good focken luck mate..it ain't easy survivin' this toxic game.. 10/10 keeps me wanting for more.. 1/10 no item drops since  patch came..
game-hours: 4429.0
review: VERY BALANCE AND ADDICTING GAME.. PALYED THIS SINCE DOTA 1 ALMOST 10 YEARS
game-hours: 567.3
review: Went through 5 keyboards, 20 viruses from trading and have lost money from the market and sleep from playing. 10/10 :^)
game-hours: 434.3
review: this game is so ing good.
game-hours: 1536.3
review: A game that challenge your mental, patience and teamwork. It can be addictive game and satisfying game.
game-hours: 130.6
review: Hook Simulator 10/10
game-hours: 1633.4
review: No words of explanation needed. Just play it and you'll know. Rating: 9.8/10
game-hours: 2112.3
review: cool, and outstanding game, play with your friends :)
game-hours: 1987.2
review: more item drop
game-hours: 738.7
review: The best game
game-hours: 1512.9
review: Best game , addictive game i ever played !
game-hours: 1596.3
review: yes :D
game-hours: 2094.3
review: good game
game-hours: 3043.6
review: nice
game-hours: 184.0
review: 85/100
game-hours: 151.0
review: Been playing this game since 4th grade and i loved it from the start because it helps you connect with other players to have teamwork and make strategic plan to win the game
game-hours: 1730.5
review: Geat!!! The only game I play!!
game-hours: 1465.5
review: plz dont get addicted. else dont play :D
game-hours: 1397.0
review: nice
game-hours: 1458.6
review: a nice game and entertaining
game-hours: 951.7
review: GGWP :))
game-hours: 484.9
review: nice
game-hours: 154.6
review: This game is *really* complicated.
game-hours: 6.5
review: This will ruin whatever so call life you have!!!!!!
game-hours: 738.2
review: So Addiciting great game
game-hours: 1531.6
review: I really like this game 1st because its free 2nd its challenging etc.
game-hours: 523.3
review: dota dota dota dota! dota dota dota dota! dota dota dota dota! dota dota dota dota! dota dota dota dota! dota dota dota dota! dota dota dota dota! dota dota dota dota! dota dota dota dota! dota dota dota dota!
game-hours: 0.4
review: Best ever :)
game-hours: 690.3
review: Gwapoko
game-hours: 1371.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 766.4
review: Yes
game-hours: 1442.1
review: dota 2 asia champion ship 2015 bug i buy compedium point to up util 34 lv no extra 2 box for me please fix it
game-hours: 1003.8
review: You Should Look Lina :D About Game Its Great 100/10
game-hours: 5255.0
review: A place to kill some pinoy
game-hours: 1238.0
review: i love this game
game-hours: 1815.7
review: Great game
game-hours: 166.3
review: Skill To Play
game-hours: 1332.0
review: Steep learning curve, but perhaps the most rewarding team game I've ever played AND its free. Fully support this game, just give it a chance at first and you will grow to love Dota 2!!
game-hours: 558.9
review: awesome game
game-hours: 994.3
review: Like!!
game-hours: 250.2
review: best game
game-hours: 1676.5
review: Hallo. Happy playing in Dota2 this game is good (y)
game-hours: 658.1
review: The game's beyond great, but some people just can't admit it. They're afraid of the greatness of this game, that made me a junkie. The cost of this game is your life and soul, but at least you get to beat up Russians. Read: Not all Russians are annoying or bat at this game, I've met a few nice ones! But the nice ones are really hard to find. Like, really really hard.
game-hours: 2073.8
review: Played a few hours, now i am fluent in russian. 10/10 would recomment for everyone learning  language
game-hours: 1557.9
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 1128.2
review: The best ever!
game-hours: 29.2
review: How to learn Russian for dummies.
game-hours: 1084.6
review: yesssss
game-hours: 294.4
review: unstoppable...
game-hours: 2537.9
review: 10/10 Rubels
game-hours: 1846.9
review: wellplayed dota 2
game-hours: 1259.4
review: %100 Free Russian dictionary.
game-hours: 498.2
review: Moba's are like cigeretes even though they are killing you, you keep messing with them anyways.
game-hours: 723.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 3676.1
review: yup...
game-hours: 1292.4
review: Ako bih morao da navedem jednu veoma zavisnu igricu, to bi bila Dota 2. Presavrena grafika, zarazan gejmplej sve to krasi jednu odlinu igricu, pripada i ovoj. Kad se na sve ovo doda i veliki izbor heroja, pa onda i items-a, shvatiete da ete mnogo sati provesti uz nju....
game-hours: 968.9
review: NOTHING ELSE
game-hours: 1495.6
review: i love this game ,cause i forgot my real game n life . why i like this game? if i had something problem and hard to fix . i just play dota 2 to refresh my anger....... hey guys u should play dota 2 its fun , nice and u can forget ur problem awhile .... but guys if u play this "dota 2' be sure that ur schooling is stable @80% grade hehheheh.... because DOTA is like DRugs to me
game-hours: 1380.6
review: K
game-hours: 2425.2
review: This is definitely an awesome release from Valve. A lot of changes from Dota, GET THIS GAME!
game-hours: 703.7
review: boring just boring recommend Alt+F4
game-hours: 3581.0
review: very nice game
game-hours: 25.9
review: ww
game-hours: 699.0
review: A great way to meet people and have fun with your friends. Dota is an all round epic
game-hours: 2003.8
review: 10/10 One Sentence Definition for DOTA 2 : "Best MOBA ever!"
game-hours: 565.4
review: mfw turn rate
game-hours: 1072.5
review: Russians Virtual World 10/10 would buy again
game-hours: 1102.6
review: zzzzzzz
game-hours: 1462.4
review: Great game if you have time to invest into learning the game. The game allows you to think critically and rewards you for smart gameplay.
game-hours: 1160.2
review: The most exciting, addicted game ! :)
game-hours: 1785.3
review: the best game there is
game-hours: 718.8
review: Its a good and fun Game that test your ability
game-hours: 657.8
review: yes
game-hours: 757.9
review: very fun to play, alot of customization for the hero you like or just for costume fun and the game is always evolving
game-hours: 407.4
review: nice games
game-hours: 225.5
review: please help us here in the Philippines because the local states are planning on total ban of the game here .. many filipinos are playing in here help us
game-hours: 4593.0
review: LIFE RUINING EXPERIENCE 10/10
game-hours: 1514.7
review: So Nice
game-hours: 263.8
review: Best game
game-hours: 944.8
review: I haz forgotten porn because of this :3
game-hours: 2233.1
review: great
game-hours: 2595.7
review: Boring game ever. DO NOT INSTALL IT. cuz u lost so many(or much. so i dont care) time.
game-hours: 2356.1
review: Poison.
game-hours: 1259.6
review: Compeetitionn
game-hours: 1547.9
review: Ruined my life. I need help.
game-hours: 471.6
review: If you ask a professional chess player, he can play thousands of games on the same map with the same figures and non-renewable capacity and not get bored, he'll probably grin ask you to grow up a little deeper and look at the content and value this game. Of course, meaningful Dota 2 does not have anything to do with chess. Nevertheless, they have in common is very much: both sports disciplines offer healthy food for the mind, require the player to experience a serious tactical analysis and ability to predict many moves ahead of events. Unfortunately, public opinion Dota not only deprived of these advantages, but also represents the epitome of vice, evil and Satan himself.
game-hours: 105.8
review: Thats the real .
game-hours: 3535.0
review: Good!
game-hours: 2909.5
review: most epic game i ever played with my friend :) combination of the hero in radiant or dire side never make u bored play this game ggwp
game-hours: 61.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 371.5
review: very such a nice game
game-hours: 1206.2
review: QWERTY
game-hours: 5028.2
review: Great Game
game-hours: 353.3
review: By far the best game :>
game-hours: 1216.6
review: whatta wonderful game i ever played. hmm make some gg game steam. heheh
game-hours: 302.6
review: VERy 2 ADDICTED
game-hours: 171.8
review: THE BEST FREE GAME EVER + THE BEST MULTIPLAYER GAME EVAH = DOTA 2 You have to play this game. Otherwise your a scrub. LOL isnt even in the same league
game-hours: 604.7
review: HUUUUUUWOAW
game-hours: 1231.6
review: i love this game so much :)
game-hours: 1107.2
review: the most addicting multiplayer game ever ... has a hard learning curve but after that its funnnnnnnnn .......most recommended
game-hours: 170.3
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 3086.7
review: it will ruin your life, 10/10 recommended
game-hours: 29.7
review: Fake! its actuallly not a game, not even techies in it!
game-hours: 3545.1
review: Great game if without pinoy or russian
game-hours: 608.7
review: Since I began playing this game, I have become a far less social individual. I've lost friends and a sad excuse for a life, I didn't even notice the passing of my pet. I barely recognize my parents, and viceversa. The last president I remember is Bush, the senior. All in all, great game 10/10
game-hours: 1919.5
review: Good Game
game-hours: 92.4
review: The Best
game-hours: 1770.5
review: One of the truest remakes of all time, with amazing visuals and voice acting. To top it all of it has the fairest free to play buisness model of all time. The only downside is if you are matchmaking solo, you will more often then not end up with teammates who refuses to speak english, who yells at you or disconnects after dying repeatedly. Recommended to play with friends, ideally 4. Other then that, this is the greatesr MOBA I have ever played, with an awesome e-sports scene and is extremly satisfying once you learn about all the different heroes and techniques. There is absolutely no reason to not play this, unless being tactical isnt your type of thing.
game-hours: 1112.5
review: <3
game-hours: 197.6
review: rock
game-hours: 1633.0
review: Nice
game-hours: 2339.6
review: epic all i can say !!!
game-hours: 2332.2
review: nice
game-hours: 1605.7
review: Very good game. I like it very much,thx...
game-hours: 1131.6
review: Dota 2 is amazing it is fun with friends, competetive, and never gets boring. I could play it for hours
game-hours: 572.6
review: Fun MOBA
game-hours: 616.9
review: Sniper has an OP unblock-able Kaitlin ult 0/10.
game-hours: 887.0
review: Awesome Game! Very Addicting and cool once you learn new heroes. Different game types also keep you on your feet and Random Hero mode will allow you to try new people and have more fun! Overall, awesome game and its a good choice as the #2 steam game behing TF2
game-hours: 1247.3
review: yes...
game-hours: 2520.1
review: its ok
game-hours: 305.9
review: Its really interesting game...a gamer must give it a try.....
game-hours: 2298.6
review: great game
game-hours: 3102.5
review: Command and very dynamic game
game-hours: 870.7
review: wow
game-hours: 360.2
review: Its a nice game. Its all about team work and trust in each other with your teammates. Good Game Well Played!
game-hours: 815.8
review: this is the game ,which i always want to play in my whole life.
game-hours: 286.4
review: Good Game. Well Played.
game-hours: 1524.1
review: Don't play this, LoL is way better and complex.
game-hours: 282.2
review: I recommend playing Doto 2 if u want to learn different languages quickly 12/10 bananas
game-hours: 2438.9
review: I really love playing this Game it's so competitive and Enjoying.. Now I'm playing it with friends and other people.
game-hours: 0.3
review: great game
game-hours: 1563.7
review: Have you ever wanted to get mad and shout at your friends but needed a convient excuse? Well this right here is said excuse, you'll get so mad playing with friends that you wont be able to hold back your rage and shout at them. Enjoy!
game-hours: 693.7
review: Nice game but waste of time if you are playing with arrogant noobs.
game-hours: 1641.7
review: Fun!
game-hours: 1528.2
review: i like this game
game-hours: 1661.7
review: i want this
game-hours: 2760.6
review: Dota is my food
game-hours: 459.2
review: wow game... u ill be adicted to this
game-hours: 1320.0
review: Best game.
game-hours: 520.9
review: magaria <3
game-hours: 834.1
review: I haven't played Dota 2 for that long but I decided to say that I think it is a wonderful game that has been created in a way that is always challenging. It constantly requires you to try new strategies, create new skill combos and match new characters in order to win. Playing against other contenders from across the world continuously increases your skill and makes every match interesting. This is definitely a game I would recommend to all.
game-hours: 438.4
review: Yea
game-hours: 534.3
review: ;)
game-hours: 1664.4
review: Very nice and Addictive game. Love this game and the characters :)
game-hours: 66.4
review: sdsadsads
game-hours: 4762.2
review: whether you believe in religion or not imagine Lucifer, this game is its materialization on earth as video game. this game is addictive for People That at some point are not mentally strong like teenagers or any other case you want. from the first game you can see that it is playing with people who have little social life, often frustrated and with much hate inside (this to be kind because in reality you can meet also true psychopaths). The game consists of two teams that are put in an arena (like a circle for cockfight) where you should defend something called "ancient" but in reality you do not enter the game to defend him but rather to destroy the opponent "ancient" killing against their will who defends him (the other players), as you can already hear the name diverts from the real purpose of the game, the game wants you to suppress your opponent at all costs (even the death of your hero which then justifies by waiting a few seconds before being reborn). all that is evil because it creates negative emotions deep that then imply that they are filled only by playing more games, in this game you do not feel good if you lose, and even if you win, if you lose you do not feel good because you were not able to overcome the challenge to fight as roosters against a person, you feel as deprived from that person and you lose everything that the game says "you should" defend as important to not know what purpose, the simple fact of losing to someone too many times can create a sense of depression as if to say that we are not able to be on par with someone and to succumb to their will, and that is where it comes hatred towards teammate, you do not agree to not being up to the game and start to blame the teammates. every time after training you will prove that you have become better and the game puts you against opponents that you are not yet up to beat and the cycle begins again.the game makers have implemented the system of ranking so as to push on this mechanism even more since the number you see written on the screen at the time indicates how much you're worth inside of their system, more you practice and the more they reward you with a number on the screen , but the fact that you play only goes as they please because keeps alive the game and they can make money over there.not even win games is rewarding because what you must do is suppress the enemy against his will and make him feel bad as you never wanted to feel when you lost the matches. they call it "free to play" because this mechanism is activated immediately, they know that probably many of the people who try the game will pay with their dedication, time and hidden deep sadness and justifying it as a passion for the game. the fact that they sell cosmetics items in the store is just another way to take advantage of weak minds not to mention the money that goes around the "pro gaming", there are tournaments with millions of dollars as a reward, and you compete on a game that is completely unbalanced, with many bugs and even less content of the first version exists for many years. in the end this is horrifying, I think I analyzed it all exhaustively.
game-hours: 798.3
review: This game is awesome!!!
game-hours: 407.1
review: You just have to pick an op champ to win actually, and devs doesn't care.
game-hours: 31.4
review: wooooo!
game-hours: 2032.5
review: Good Game Well Player
game-hours: 2976.6
review: NOT FOR PEOPLE THAT DOESN'T USE BRAIN. PLANNING, STRATEGY, REACTION OVER SECONDS, READING SITUATIONS AND GOOD JUDGMENT OVER IT IS SUPERBLY NEEDED. IT HAPPEN MOST TRASHTALKER ALSO DID BABLING TO "MASKING" HIS OWN "NOOBNESS"
game-hours: 940.2
review: 538 hours in and counting. And i'm still . Brb more Dota. 10/10 would ruin life again.
game-hours: 3001.0
review: HELP!
game-hours: 77.5
review: Nice game.
game-hours: 808.9
review: FAvourite game
game-hours: 2474.8
review: the only game you'll ever need
game-hours: 2698.9
review: very good game
game-hours: 2577.6
review: very nice game!
game-hours: 453.2
review: 11/10 seen better...
game-hours: 668.9
review: BE STRONGER
game-hours: 3594.9
review: Cool game... I played it a bit.
game-hours: 1740.7
review: so addicting
game-hours: 921.7
review: Lose all your friends, then learn how to cuss in russian and german. 11/10 IGN Russia Simulator
game-hours: 1439.7
review: gfdkjvrtyv
game-hours: 1044.6
review: NIce game !! :D
game-hours: 1201.2
review: Spme know how help lvl up my badge
game-hours: 1845.5
review: DOTA IS COOL
game-hours: 1832.2
review: Just great remake by Valve. Voices are awesome.
game-hours: 960.0
review: This game is a hive of scum and villainy filled to the brim with people who don't understand English but will queue on English servers anyways. This game WILL make you racist. This game WILL make you contemplate murder. This game WILL make you hate yourself. THIS GAME INSPIRES NOTHING BUT PURE RAGE AND WILL WASTE YOUR LIFE. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 877.7
review: good game
game-hours: 841.2
review: This kind of MOBA is fun!!!
game-hours: 953.4
review: Best Online game I ever played.
game-hours: 242.9
review: ????
game-hours: 984.3
review: Dota 2 is fun :)
game-hours: 3116.8
review: good way to find friends!!! and test play execution with team members!
game-hours: 3802.7
review: do you have mental,skill,speed and passion ? if u dont, skip playing this game
game-hours: 1115.6
review: worst game ever
game-hours: 1807.2
review: i like the items released everytime
game-hours: 955.7
review: DOTA 2 is not DOTA. DOTA 2 has "2" - ggwp.
game-hours: 2271.1
review: .
game-hours: 784.3
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 34.3
review: Honestly love this game, i loved League of Legends too but i find Dota 2 a little more fun but i still play them both
game-hours: 997.1
review: this game so fukin magical super mega power excited!
game-hours: 407.3
review: cool
game-hours: 1785.1
review: (B)eautiful (E)xelent (S)atisfactory (T)empting
game-hours: 2078.9
review: Best game! ohh yeah!
game-hours: 421.5
review: LoL is for babys this is much better, better comunity, better graphigs better everything :D dota 2 forever!!!!
game-hours: 1199.6
review: Low prio = normal match They both have idiots and you'll always end up having a sniper with 5 bracers
game-hours: 1415.1
review: tyr this game. worth it!
game-hours: 2550.3
review: Played few hours, good game. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 2623.0
review: real man's game !
game-hours: 973.0
review: This game is taking over my life :p
game-hours: 67.4
review: wew
game-hours: 598.0
review: nice
game-hours: 5.3
review: its good game
game-hours: 1225.5
review: nc
game-hours: 118.9
review: I wish to have Riki Arcana someday for free
game-hours: 1568.5
review: yooo, best game alive!!!
game-hours: 152.0
review: Good game :)
game-hours: 149.9
review: Game is good.
game-hours: 1490.2
review: :)
game-hours: 855.1
review: Best free to play game ever! I'm more a fps guy, but when i started to play DOTA 2 it got me and i can't let go. I play till late telling myself just one more. That one more never stops! A must get for everyone DOWNLOAD NOW!!!! :D
game-hours: 2814.9
review: Boosts teamwork for all people. Sure there might be disagreements here and there for some players but when stuck in the same situation every seems to shut up, work together and mount a comeback. +1 to this game
game-hours: 2234.1
review: this is my life :) love this game so much :D and finally dota has many good sets <3
game-hours: 1808.6
review: wow
game-hours: 1077.7
review: Best Moba and will still be the best <3
game-hours: 482.0
review: wow its magic
game-hours: 717.8
review: I HATE THIS ING GAME!!! 10/10
game-hours: 1954.7
review: well organized. valve did a good job.
game-hours: 523.5
review: 1 rare = 1 rare with
game-hours: 2019.8
review: lolol
game-hours: 68.4
review: Nice game !
game-hours: 1679.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 811.0
review: THIS GAME ROCKS
game-hours: 2325.9
review: .   100  .
game-hours: 2347.2
review: best game ever ever
game-hours: 438.0
review: yes i recomended
game-hours: 3207.4
review: this game in my life ...
game-hours: 1161.9
review: best
game-hours: 995.6
review: game yang akan membuatkan anda membuang masa tanpa anda sedari & mendapat keseronokan yang memuaskan, kalau menang la..
game-hours: 75.9
review: Very Nice Game
game-hours: 936.4
review: funny game
game-hours: 1450.8
review: Very addictive game
game-hours: 410.8
review: I entered the world of MOBA games through HoN (Heroes of Newerth) which is basically a copy of Dota (same type of heroes, about same skills, few different kind of heroes, etc..). I played it about 2 years and got bored of it. Then when Dota 2 were "beta" (could you even call it beta? Valve were just too lazy to release it...) I requested invite into the game and GOT my key, though I basically never played it. Then when suddenly most of my friends also started to play it, I too ended up to play it too. So what Dota 2 is? Lots of thinking and tactics, different kind of builds, russian players in wrong servers and more russians. But hey, now its F2P so you dont loose anything, worth at least test!
game-hours: 275.0
review: DoNt DoWNloAD iZ nO LEague Of LEgunDZ 0/10 Wuld NOT PlAy
game-hours: 1955.4
review: The game is very intresting. Quite addictive. The bad thing is F2P style. I wish it would cost fixed price. I've never spent a cent in game like this.
game-hours: 1095.0
review: HI :) This Game IS Good For ALL :)
game-hours: 1496.1
review: The basketball equivalent of eSports, with a company behind it that owns the dominating distribution platform for video games. The same company which happened to snag up the original creator of DotA, and granting him a golden shower of two dollar bills. What could go wrong? The tutorial is an embrassasment at worse, and at best a testament to the fact that it's hard to get in to this game. Frankly given the sh*t tutorial, mindset of your average player (including players frequently triggering teammates to spite them) and the learning cliff of this game, I'm amazed this game isn't exculsively played by a tiny majority of unhinged players.
game-hours: 8.2
review: .       .
game-hours: 2447.4
review: EZ
game-hours: 1000.3
review: It is cool, now play it.
game-hours: 3019.4
review: Its hard to find good games, and couple of months ago i found Dota 2! Trust me you will enjoy it, give it try!
game-hours: 2199.1
review: its ok
game-hours: 716.3
review: Perfect games just play this, u can feel how it is works
game-hours: 4104.7
review: Recomendado!
game-hours: 2281.5
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 3408.1
review: It scrowed up my life :) <3
game-hours: 19.7
review: MY BROTHER DIED PLAYING THIS GAME RIP
game-hours: 471.8
review: i love this game :')
game-hours: 1918.4
review: Awesome !
game-hours: 176.6
review: I think this game is awesome. Nice strategy game you can play with your friends
game-hours: 1559.4
review: I wasn't sure how I'd like a game that is the same map every time you play it, but with over 100 different heros to choose from this game never gets old. 5v5 tower defense.....count me in!
game-hours: 1337.2
review: server always down. Sigh
game-hours: 1102.3
review: Great game that is free and extremely fun.
game-hours: 727.3
review: At first Dota 2 was not that engaging, because of the learning curve. Being a new comer to MOBA's in general though it was very helpful to run through the tutorial and the bot matches to get a grasp of what was going on. After you get the hang of it though, it gets highly addictive. There are a lot of possible interactions between abilities, item builds, and hero selection. Having all of the hero's to try out at your leisure is a daunting yet very encouraging option. I love that I can choose any hero, especially if you just want to run a bot match to try them out before playing with people. The community can be harsh, but it can also be very friendly. Making friends on Dota can be easy. They throw quite a few seasonal events which are a lot of fun. I love the art work and hero artistic design. I can't believe that this game is free to play. They do offer quite a few amazing cosmetics, like a portal pack for purchase. You get to hear GlaDos announce the match, which is very entertaining. I highly recommend playing the game and spending time with it. I would say the first 60 hours you play is all learning experience. Consider that you have 107 current heros to play, each hero will take you at least 3 rounds to really get a hang of (not just by yourself, but with your team and hero selections, item builds, etc.) Each round is about 20 - 45 minutes. Which it is a good thing to play with a variety of heros to begin with just to learn what they can do. One last point to mention, the hero's are well balanced. In public games there seems to be defined favorites, but by no means are they over powered. By far this is one of my favorite games.
game-hours: 1838.9
review: It's Dota. But number 2!
game-hours: 1277.4
review: yyy
game-hours: 1376.3
review: nice game for all
game-hours: 123.4
review: Excelente juego, estrategia avanzada.!!
game-hours: 1223.9
review: asd
game-hours: 1522.2
review: awesome game always fun to play !! gg
game-hours: 1520.4
review: good game one of the best
game-hours: 2073.3
review: very good yes
game-hours: 5132.7
review: Okay folks! I'll ask you a couple of simple questions. Do you want to play a game that gives you satisfaction after winning? Do you want to play a game that makes you learn from your mistakes? Do you want to play a game that is so awesome that you'd want to kick yourself for not playing it sooner? Do you want to play a game who's workshop items are so vast and imaginative that you'd just want to go hug the creators? Do you want to play a game that has the biggest fan following among all online games EVER? If you're still not convinced, let me just say this. One map. 10 players. 2 sides. 107 heroes. 129 items. Bazillion hours of fun! Do yourself a favour and download this game! THE BATTLE BEGINS! :)
game-hours: 959.2
review: Recommended competitive game of action and strategy be a "GODLIKE" with a "RAMPAGE" kill on there and you'll feel an hours of fun
game-hours: 1608.9
review: game is cool :)
game-hours: 297.7
review: Not bad :)
game-hours: 166.6
review: I like this game ! its more simple than the Dota Warcraft .
game-hours: 3017.5
review: hello..
game-hours: 1696.5
review: great!!!!
game-hours: 2419.2
review: Fkin awesum game <3
game-hours: 1793.7
review: This is how free to play is meant to be done - Valve at their very best!
game-hours: 5245.6
review: BEST GAME EVOR
game-hours: 491.9
review: The Best RTS Game =D
game-hours: 365.7
review: its a good game that gets you
game-hours: 1617.7
review: ! !
game-hours: 1680.5
review: aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
game-hours: 1267.3
review: i like dota a lot, it's the best game ever, I like that there is a lot of heroes and builds for the heroes, it requerers a lot of tactick and thats the best think in the game i like taktical game, there is nothink that I dislike about the game ":)
game-hours: 31.3
review: Best game ever! Wonderful gameplay! Comended!
game-hours: 471.4
review: ty,,so amazing game
game-hours: 806.8
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1067.1
review: we need cinamatic trailers like LOL
game-hours: 1953.8
review: Dota Rules
game-hours: 468.6
review: Recommended
game-hours: 1388.0
review: LIFE
game-hours: 2541.4
review: super cool games
game-hours: 413.0
review: Good
game-hours: 296.7
review: ^^
game-hours: 4405.6
review: likee n1
game-hours: 3185.9
review: i like this game because it is the easy way to earn some money..
game-hours: 5659.5
review: 5STARS wow
game-hours: 2961.4
review: 10/10
game-hours: 675.9
review: best in game ever
game-hours: 99.8
review: help me to playing dota2
game-hours: 3438.0
review: fun game
game-hours: 567.9
review: Step by step guide how to learn russian in 1 week.
game-hours: 224.4
review: Good community
game-hours: 196.1
review: cool
game-hours: 1319.5
review: Fantastic game
game-hours: 376.3
review: Me:Hey team im support. Teammate:Shut ye  up noob. Kiss my . Another teammate:bobo 11/10 Very friendly community
game-hours: 2661.2
review: gg wp
game-hours: 3274.3
review: ultra epic... .XD volvo is the best
game-hours: 2560.3
review: Best game forver
game-hours: 3.4
review: I AM SO BAD AT THIS GAME.
game-hours: 250.6
review: Best DotA since DotA 1
game-hours: 621.8
review: never have I formed such violent/racist opinions toward foreigners. 10/10
game-hours: 1135.4
review: if you wanna meet hot single babes from kazikstan you should play this game.
game-hours: 1877.4
review: wasd
game-hours: 298.4
review: ...........Soooo GOOOD
game-hours: 18.1
review: Welcome to DoTA! You suck at this game, you don't know what the  is happening, and everyone gets mad at you for your lack of knowledge of the game, and assumes that you play League of Legends! Which, for some reason, is a bad thing! 10/10
game-hours: 1253.0
review: Ive learned how much i hate other nationalitys from this game, it is amazing.
game-hours: 851.3
review: If you want to learn russian fast and easy this is your game!
game-hours: 396.0
review: DOTA 2 MOBA 9000/10
game-hours: 53.4
review: The game is free to play. It is similar to Dota 1 but have better graphics and it enables you to customize you heroes, wards, courriers and other items. You need teamwork and cooperation in order to win the game.This is a great game and it is a must to have it.
game-hours: 179.8
review: i like it making dota online :)
game-hours: 43.5
review: The best MoBA game i have ever played, i highly recommend this game for everyone who like to play in a good comunity .
game-hours: 1.5
review: My wife bought me this game, so I wouldn't cheat on her. It worked.
game-hours: 318.6
review: This is one of the game that I will always have on my pc. I like to play it whenever I have time. Very cool game.
game-hours: 862.9
review: sucks
game-hours: 17.6
review: I get wet playing it
game-hours: 59.0
review: Leagues is better
game-hours: 3722.9
review: _
game-hours: 1559.1
review: Traumatising game
game-hours: 2560.1
review: ADICTIVE, each matchup is unique , this never gets old !
game-hours: 382.2
review: i like this game so much but the dropping system of items is very low but i still love this game
game-hours: 1503.7
review: great game
game-hours: 1273.6
review: :D
game-hours: 1.0
review: The only positive I got from this game was HIV
game-hours: 1015.7
review: awww great :)
game-hours: 286.6
review: Very good game more power steam.
game-hours: 58.6
review: Great game
game-hours: 570.1
review: Fantastic game. Endless fun. Every game is completely different and always interesting.
game-hours: 1350.1
review: AMAZING!
game-hours: 872.1
review: BEST GAME OVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1330.4
review: wp
game-hours: 10.5
review: GGWP
game-hours: 1283.4
review: BEST GAME EVER, I used to be a league player till i found out that league leeched off of DotA (All Stars Edition) I've played the first DotA game, it was alright back then till they made #2 then i instantly fell in love with it 10/10 MUST PLAY (if your a fan of MOBAs)
game-hours: 1385.8
review: A good game and free russian lessons. Friendship destroying simulator yet a very addictive game.
game-hours: 1390.7
review: Dota2 is great It teaches you how important teamwork is And it's also cool in graphics
game-hours: 1246.6
review: 1 of my fav. :D
game-hours: 605.3
review: <3
game-hours: 0.8
review: This game wants to make me play league. and league is trash.
game-hours: 1085.4
review: blyat noob buy wards reported
game-hours: 487.4
review: awesome
game-hours: 115.0
review: this game its best ..best
game-hours: 2852.6
review: hahahaha
game-hours: 870.9
review: 10/10 Play it - play it some more - get addicted - lose all of your friends - go pro - and still realize you'll never be better than Dendi.
game-hours: 119.8
review: 1.It's a good game 2.It's a good game 3.It's a good game 4.It's a good game 5.It's not League 6.The spectator mode is amazing 7.It's just like cs:go ;D 8.......It's a good game
game-hours: 6684.2
review: sdfs
game-hours: 2207.8
review: amazing game! readllly addictive!
game-hours: 873.0
review: "Free to play" made me feel unworthy to even play this game.
game-hours: 415.1
review: Good game!
game-hours: 1425.0
review: GG
game-hours: 2688.4
review: .
game-hours: 984.1
review: + GOOD GAME <3
game-hours: 1110.1
review: Play this game.
game-hours: 835.2
review: awesome
game-hours: 1459.2
review: review
game-hours: 820.6
review: strategical
game-hours: 1204.3
review: play now!
game-hours: 477.8
review: Dota2 Is The Best Game ^^
game-hours: 355.0
review: Dota2 is so awsome
game-hours: 351.0
review: Very good game
game-hours: 2476.3
review: Good game!
game-hours: 536.0
review: super strategy
game-hours: 873.7
review: i think there's a bug or an error about the dropping of items. And it seems like not accurate information about the longer you play the more chances of getting an item. Try to fix it. And also, the players that we are reporting, are you taking of action with that? Because many players are annoying, they ruin the game of others. Thank you for the authority to recommend. :D
game-hours: 1038.0
review: mmm
game-hours: 3175.1
review: very good game :D
game-hours: 2242.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 566.2
review: i recommend it its a great past time for people
game-hours: 1472.7
review: 99999999
game-hours: 1414.6
review: Amazing game that you'll have a bitter sweet relationship with. You'll start by feeding and hating this game. But by watching pro plays and noob friends playing, you'll be attracted back. Before long, you'll start hating it again. Endless cycle here. Awesome game though!!
game-hours: 1705.7
review: I dont know -_-
game-hours: 675.4
review: This is the best strategical game I have ever played. I love DotA 2.
game-hours: 613.0
review: i bet u cant stop playing this game!!
game-hours: 3781.0
review: ))
game-hours: 1030.3
review: good
game-hours: 1929.3
review: Best game! <3
game-hours: 736.2
review: good
game-hours: 2698.0
review: DOTA2 :)
game-hours: 0.4
review: it is a good game, don't have enough time to play it but it look interesting!
game-hours: 1495.2
review: best free game in the world! 85/100
game-hours: 94.7
review: This game much good. Very recommend.
game-hours: 322.0
review: YOLO
game-hours: 599.7
review: Best launguage simulator ever, as much as you set your language preference to ENGLISH, and set the severs for US EAST or US WEST, you will find a variety of language like Vodka, Soccer, and even Pearl Harbor! Play as a raging team of five and call it GG and "noob team" when you can't cooperate correctly. 10/10 would vodka
game-hours: 2527.6
review: Remember when you had a life? I don't and thats all thanks to Dota 2
game-hours: 1161.7
review: Good
game-hours: 3339.1
review: the most complex and adictive game ever
game-hours: 1428.2
review: This game is absolutely great to waste time :p
game-hours: 1424.0
review: noob game, gj!
game-hours: 366.4
review: coll
game-hours: 1118.2
review: It is a MUST for players who have a creative, experimental mind in exploring the different tactics and strategies of each heroes in a variety of situation.
game-hours: 409.4
review: cool
game-hours: 4143.8
review: Community is a pile of . The game will make you wish death upon all your friends. After 2000 hours you are probably still . Best game ever.
game-hours: 1566.1
review: ITS AWESOME GAME,,BUT NOW IT LACKS OF EVENTS AND STUFF SO THATS THAT..!!!
game-hours: 126.0
review: Pretty good game if you want to lose friends and rage hard
game-hours: 1077.0
review: good
game-hours: 1095.0
review: the map really sucks sir... and the heroes too pls restore to the old update... thank you for the kind consideration
game-hours: 458.1
review: Dota 2 is very addictive Game, Don't tolerate it too much because your grades will get lower
game-hours: 757.8
review: 64e
game-hours: 48.2
review: :D
game-hours: 2411.6
review: Just play it and you will like it!
game-hours: 724.9
review: ...
game-hours: 1387.0
review: dota 2, the game of strange and interesting characters, use to fight for the power of unknown limits. this game uses the mind to the fullest, even in the parts of losing as long as u keep strong and dont give up, you can still push and win any game. use your abilities, tools and team mates to beat the enemy team and take towers, and eventually their base. this game is amazing, i have met so many friends while playing this game, it is fun entertaining and a down right game. But dont let that fool you, there are people who will fight and bring you down just for their fun. its free, try it out :) if you dont like it, just think you at least tried and now you know what games you wont like.
game-hours: 1403.3
review: aabbcc
game-hours: 1853.9
review: good
game-hours: 690.7
review: Best Free to Play game ever !
game-hours: 1636.0
review: Creo que no lo dejare de jugar nunca!!
game-hours: 1814.0
review: addicting game
game-hours: 2027.4
review: 10 outta 10 would not buy
game-hours: 805.5
review: :)
game-hours: 2511.3
review: a good way to relax :D one the best game ever
game-hours: 51.6
review: great game es. waste all my money on this crap
game-hours: 3542.9
review: Dota2 Beyond Godlike :) hahahah
game-hours: 714.2
review: Its My Best Compeititive Strategy Game :)
game-hours: 651.9
review: interesting game
game-hours: 1862.6
review: Most favourite game ever!
game-hours: 941.7
review: Remember, no English.
game-hours: 983.9
review: the best online game so far
game-hours: 806.8
review: I like DOTA 2 because even i HAVE many problems when i'm playing it makes me HAPPY hung out with friends PLAYING DOTA 2 EVERY DAY :) #I LOVE DOTA 2 <3
game-hours: 188.1
review: got diretide 10/10
game-hours: 534.5
review: ...
game-hours: 907.1
review: this is a very nice game. two thumbs up!! Earthshaker
game-hours: 1789.2
review: i really love to play dota !
game-hours: 3142.0
review: This game is ing Awesome
game-hours: 3212.2
review: gaem 10/10
game-hours: 1540.2
review: REALLY RECOMMENDED GAMES
game-hours: 2313.1
review: Good doto best doto
game-hours: 575.0
review: hello
game-hours: 1.1
review: very good
game-hours: 4706.5
review: Are you ready to be a Hero? Best and original MOBA of all. If you are tired of playing half-made games and would like to challenge yourself in an epic battle between 10 heroes, this game is for you. 10/10
game-hours: 2172.3
review: 10/10 Best game to learn Russian and to test your tolerance to be raged at. Definitely a keeper (of the light ^^).
game-hours: 369.4
review: DOTA 2 is much Better Than DOTA1 :) i realy Like it (Y)
game-hours: 1058.0
review: Amazing life sink
game-hours: 486.1
review: The Sequel to the most popular MOBA (Multiplayer Online Battle Arena) game, DotA is just interesting and really better then its prequel. DotA 2 has more than 2 Million Players from all around the world. The game has 107 Playable Heroes from which only 10 Battle Against each other in a Game. Additionally creeps are left out for Farming and Leveling Up. Creeps make the game a lot Intelligent and Improved and make players feel like they are playing with more than 10 players, an expectation more than what is true. As my thoughts, the game is just a awesome piece of art. I never got a chance to play the prequel of the game, that's DotA, but have seen my brother play it. At first, I was thinking DotA 2 will be a fail for action loving players like me. But now, I have played it over 100 Hours. I don't even see my Steam Library. Only run DotA 2, play with my teammates and wait to join Tournaments for Prizes and Victories. I hope, you liked my small and pretty review, I will be writing more reviews all along the Steam Website. Ratings - Connection (Server Response) - 9.7 | Graphics - 9 | Gameplay - 10 | Interface - 10 | Sound - 8.7 | Overall - 9.4
game-hours: 4387.9
review: yes i recommend this game super awesome
game-hours: 1059.9
review: Best MOBA ever !!
game-hours: 740.9
review: Dota 2 is like driving a car. (They have similar intensity) You have to look at minimap like wing mirrors You have to look at chat like looking rear-view mirror The more intense game becomes, is like the more you drive into big city or complex places in rush hours The less you know about what each hero can do or how the game play, is like not knowing roads/streets or even shortcuts ****If you dont care about winning (zero percent), then it is like you driving a trashy car and crash to other cars and you simply run away. (You just might got caught)***** The game is full of possibilty and it is well balanced. But it's just that most people just like to driving to some same places rather than the rest of the places because it's easier reach the destination without stress.
game-hours: 445.4
review: :)
game-hours: 542.4
review: GREAT!
game-hours: 1322.1
review: most addicting game
game-hours: 1650.1
review: vry god
game-hours: 1279.5
review: epicted game :3
game-hours: 1472.6
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 10.5
review: ,  ...
game-hours: 1002.5
review: Good !
game-hours: 317.9
review: It was K.
game-hours: 4425.6
review: Aweeeeeeeeeesomeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee Doto is da best
game-hours: 381.2
review: nice game ever i love this game so much
game-hours: 2106.2
review: Piece of  game! Full of Russian noobs that dont speak english and ruin EU West games
game-hours: 484.4
review: This game is very popular .Its most interesting .Goooo playing
game-hours: 40.6
review: (Y)
game-hours: 2407.5
review: =0
game-hours: 95.9
review: Best MOBA out there!
game-hours: 1731.5
review: Best of MOBA
game-hours: 134.4
review: This game has changed my all life and cut it but i like and i will play dota for ever
game-hours: 1560.7
review: Good job !
game-hours: 2284.8
review: dota 2 is a good game
game-hours: 1518.0
review: nice
game-hours: 62.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 975.9
review: Nice
game-hours: 1013.0
review: nice and easy .. ^^
game-hours: 913.1
review: )
game-hours: 578.6
review: This game... , Its almost like they invented this instead of timetravel. its insanly addictive, and time just flys by, but dam is it a good game. try not be daunted by going into it blind, there are pleanty of guids and build suggestions for new players to get the jist of the game, but there is ALWAYS something new to learn , which isint a bad thing as it keeps the game fresh. oh and free? hell yes i recommend it
game-hours: 1065.9
review: goodd!!!!!
game-hours: 1633.8
review: This game is much better than the Warcraft mod Dota 1 sequel. Many improvements had been added. Rare bugs, and sometimes a bit too laggy. It's always up-to-date so to speak. A good environment because you get to play with other countries as well. Unlike Dota 1, you can only play at your country because connections are limited. Graphics is awesome, the hero designs are cool, the music gave me goosebumps. But what bothers me is the end-game drop items that an individual gets, it should be improved, like increase the chance of getting an item, and fix the servers especially in SEA. Overall, I truly love this game. Because it requires a lot of teamwork and communication in order to win. For me this is the best Free-to-Play game on Steam.
game-hours: 1698.7
review: Valve please give me back my life!!??
game-hours: 2171.3
review: its awsomeeeee
game-hours: 1139.1
review: I think DOTA 2 is the best MOBA game :)
game-hours: 2427.9
review: ENORME
game-hours: 49.4
review: nice
game-hours: 1179.8
review: THIS GAME IS AMAZING! I've been playing for a while now and I honestly have to say it has the best community ever. I was playing in a Low Priorty match and got a full team of Russians. They are amazing players! I never knew Crystal Maiden can play mid againt an Outworld Devourer until I saw the Russians do it. When I started out; the community welcomed me by calling me their "" (i think it means brother). This was an amazing game and I'm glad I left Leauge of Lesbians for it.
game-hours: 1039.2
review: yes I am,this game is so annoying than others and also its a free to play game...Many can play this game because of the liscence and also many love it because of the graphic game.. Hope this can be the most number one game in steam..
game-hours: 537.8
review: nice game to do some PvP ^^
game-hours: 43.4
review: I love playing this game! Favorite character is Night Stalker!
game-hours: 909.2
review: Very nice game
game-hours: 1561.3
review: Learn a new language! Make friends through matchmaking! Girlfriends leaving! Failed grades! Parents furious! There are many reasons you should play this, and the kicker? It's free to play! play it now and start making friends and learn a new language! Endless possibilities await.
game-hours: 1593.4
review: YES YES YES
game-hours: 695.3
review: Awesome game,,,,,,!!!! let play together
game-hours: 98.3
review: bad game 2 is bad
game-hours: 1226.5
review: Riki is a dirty little gy-po who constantly s you in the  with his tiny  hands. Drow must give the whole of the Dota production team Blow jobs for them not to just straight up remove the OP  from the ing game. Was infected by the valve crate plauge off the bat, so make sure you have your wallet out. Overall a great game- Gato 10/10 GOTY plz valve
game-hours: 3.4
review: gud gim
game-hours: 5.0
review: I b8 in ur blod
game-hours: 1973.7
review: this is the best game ever I LOVE U FATIN NURNABIHAH wooooooooooooooooooohohohoho
game-hours: 62.4
review: Enjoyable.
game-hours: 546.8
review: good
game-hours: 1289.4
review: good game
game-hours: 2081.1
review: goodgame!
game-hours: 1690.0
review: asd
game-hours: 1193.8
review: wow
game-hours: 616.1
review: Niice nice
game-hours: 3678.3
review: my mmr in ~5k4 but my name cant see in the leaderboards
game-hours: 874.2
review: best game world :)
game-hours: 1770.6
review: Nice playing :)
game-hours: 524.9
review: Best game to ever grace the MOBArena, just thinking about it throws my throbbing erection to farther, inhuman heights
game-hours: 640.4
review: Amazing game. Truly, I mean it. So pure is it's reflection of it's players and their teamwork that it reminds you every game just how  most of the world is on a fundamental level. Dota could make even Saint Teresa a racist after just a couple hours.
game-hours: 1279.0
review: best moba ever :D
game-hours: 344.4
review: GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
game-hours: 628.3
review: low
game-hours: 1877.0
review: Best MOBA game!!
game-hours: 1251.8
review: Player Reporting Smulator 2014. 10/10
game-hours: 497.8
review: An awesome game and the battles are always different, its just awesome, the more they add then the more it is awesome
game-hours: 38.2
review: full of s
game-hours: 1125.6
review: The original, now with hats.
game-hours: 130.4
review: ggwp
game-hours: 1522.1
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 332.6
review: its aight
game-hours: 43.7
review: I moved from LOL to dota2, and i do have to say. it changed my life! i am now a fully fledged russian, who arm-wrestles bears naked while drinking vodka. GLORY TO MOTHER RUSSIA
game-hours: 1047.1
review: i love ths game. make me rich
game-hours: 1564.9
review: Been playing for so long, it still doesn't make me sick.
game-hours: 516.2
review: Nice~
game-hours: 837.2
review: best gamed played ever
game-hours: 697.2
review: I can kill midgets with a sword if i please 11/10
game-hours: 327.6
review: awesome
game-hours: 1503.9
review: Pros: Requires strategy Obviously needs teamwork to win Makes you think for others rather than yourself Awesome Hero Customizations and Skins Easy UI and Hotkeys for your convenience Requires technique and precision of skill execution (unlike similar games) Cons: Not for the greedy player Lacks old and new heroes from DotA Soloists will have a hard time playing around the map Gives you the habit of overspending because of awesome items Public pairings are very random, you either pair up with noobs or quitters or maybe Dendi or SingSing themselves. Overall, its a great game. A chip o' the old block from DotA 1(duhhh) They need to add more awesome items and customization for heroes. Same goes with the selection; no Frost Wyvern, Arc Warden, and other upcoming heroes who-knows IceFrog and the others will put.
game-hours: 418.1
review: this GAME IS SUPERB not only in the sense that it have a good graphics but also you can change the heroes outfits
game-hours: 521.3
review: asdas
game-hours: 1260.3
review: ruined my life cant stop play
game-hours: 2124.6
review: 1 word to say awesome
game-hours: 350.0
review: Hehe
game-hours: 1099.4
review: i really like this game ive been playing dota since when i was on year 4 and im really look forward using more new characters
game-hours: 1727.4
review: +
game-hours: 2826.2
review: nice game tactic and strategy !
game-hours: 604.6
review: GG game :)
game-hours: 2.4
review: 2 gud 4 quikskop l2 l1 2 gud
game-hours: 1216.1
review: gOOD GaME.. :)
game-hours: 475.7
review: THIS NICE GAME
game-hours: 1882.1
review: I hope this game have produce many set of the character in Dota 2.The graphic nice and the weather fx are awesome.
game-hours: 3759.5
review: Simplesmente o melhor Jogo!
game-hours: 791.2
review: Good game and . Don't pick riki. pls
game-hours: 2148.7
review: what a unbelieveable game
game-hours: 790.8
review: noob go die
game-hours: 1850.5
review: VERY ADDICTIVE! you cant just play 1 game in a day haha and because of my love to this GAME and because i dont want to be separated from it "DOTA 2" I decided to open my own internet cafe for Gaming, now lots my customers are playing 24hours, haha addicting but i am using it for some profit in return! so instead of being called a useless  i am now called a business owner! haha keep it up makers of dota 2, i salute you! c'', )
game-hours: 1647.1
review: good !
game-hours: 1528.6
review: Dota is so awesome!
game-hours: 2053.4
review: Dis game is fun.
game-hours: 2748.9
review: best game ever
game-hours: 808.8
review: Brilliant waste of time. Nothin' better
game-hours: 58.1
review: i came from heroes of newerth and this dota 2 awesome because some heroes hon dont have it
game-hours: 275.1
review: omfGGGGGGGGGGGGG dota 2 BEst "DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD )
game-hours: 527.6
review: give me loading screen
game-hours: 1228.8
review: Best team game ever, if you want your friends to keep typing in chat. FEED FEED NOOB UNISTALL. on a scale of 1 to 10 5 sextillions. BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 2750.7
review: This game sucks only nerds play this game
game-hours: 1990.4
review: 12/10 you cant teabag people but if you could it would be a 666/10
game-hours: 1481.5
review: Fun game.
game-hours: 815.9
review: hmmmm
game-hours: 731.0
review: Best MOBA Game Ever... I'm addicted to this... HFGL all
game-hours: 150.7
review: I love this game...
game-hours: 1943.4
review: Dota is life.
game-hours: 1708.0
review: This game will make you use all the words in the world. Aka - Abuse, Swearing and Racism
game-hours: 1071.5
review: Great game! 10/10
game-hours: 802.9
review: NICE GAME>> EVER
game-hours: 1889.1
review: adjusting to the game
game-hours: 423.1
review: i like this game but many players are bullying!
game-hours: 1596.1
review: great game
game-hours: 331.9
review: Great Game It's Very Awsome
game-hours: 2781.8
review: better then girlfriend
game-hours: 1925.6
review: Jom
game-hours: 866.4
review: This game is truly awsome. made my day... good game keep it up
game-hours: 135.5
review: Good game !!!
game-hours: 617.6
review: Great game for making both friends and enemies! 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: Rock you!
game-hours: 60.2
review: good game
game-hours: 2289.5
review: This game made me fail my college exams. 11/10 recommended
game-hours: 1.5
review: Its Ok But still no where near as good as League of Legends..
game-hours: 1414.4
review: Dota2 is awesome compared to Dota1
game-hours: 442.6
review: A
game-hours: 468.9
review: good game
game-hours: 987.3
review: good
game-hours: 1213.9
review: so fun to play
game-hours: 357.5
review: good game worth playing :3
game-hours: 696.6
review: one of the best games i have played in my lifetime.excellent gameplay awesome interface.A must have for all MMORPG gamers.
game-hours: 1487.5
review: .
game-hours: 1723.5
review: :)
game-hours: 668.6
review: Great game. Addictive to an extent.
game-hours: 589.6
review: Destroyed my life 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 1509.9
review: Possibly one of the best MOBA ever!
game-hours: 1947.1
review: Very good game.
game-hours: 1585.5
review: joss~
game-hours: 1364.5
review: good
game-hours: 1882.8
review: Perfect DotA remake!
game-hours: 131.9
review: The difficulty spike is INSANELY high, but if you overcome it this game is very rewarding :D
game-hours: 842.2
review: rfdsf
game-hours: 269.4
review: This is a game that requires lots of team work, perfect timing and a pinch of luck, overall this is an amazing game that tests your skill in coordination and judgement along with reflexes
game-hours: 113.5
review: Great game with a variety of characters to choose from. From Abaddon to Zues this game does not stop. You might think that this game is a waste of time, but from a guy who played this game for over 100 hours, it's worth it. This strategy game is spectacular and giant improvement from Dota. Valve outdid themselves.
game-hours: 1544.2
review: lets play ^_^
game-hours: 625.3
review: Almost everyone on this game including me should die. people can't find the right language so yo always have someone who you can't understand, don't get me wrong it is an amazing way to learn a new langauge i can speak russian.  noob
game-hours: 282.9
review: Good Game
game-hours: 535.8
review: great game !
game-hours: 647.4
review: Just like a basketball, 5 on 5 game where you kind of have to work together and utilize each other's strengths and synergizing everything together. The teamwork, the trust and the sacrifice. Those are all true for every single team sport. Unites everybody
game-hours: 38.6
review: This game is one of the best MOBA Games ever I give it 95/100 for multiple reasons All those who hate Dota 2.........Go Back to SOIL
game-hours: 2093.4
review: DotA fuh life, just.. :D
game-hours: 1041.3
review: Best MOBA game ever. Beware of addicted!
game-hours: 407.0
review: This is a best game I have to play
game-hours: 980.0
review: Wellplayed
game-hours: 4536.0
review: nice game,thank you valve
game-hours: 2767.0
review: BIGGEST SHAM EVER! After spending almost 2k hours in this game , i play a game and 90% of the time i just sit here wondering "Is this even Dota"
game-hours: 7099.9
review: dont play this  pls.
game-hours: 1489.3
review: Nice
game-hours: 835.7
review: very bad
game-hours: 605.9
review: yes i like it
game-hours: 2194.0
review: Gotta Play This Man! All DAY!
game-hours: 1066.2
review: Made from hands of GOD
game-hours: 426.7
review: amazing!!!!!!
game-hours: 201.6
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 226.3
review: I play league of legends and Dota 2. Dota 2 is better.
game-hours: 267.4
review: i like this game yeah!
game-hours: 24.9
review: This game is probably really good. I like it a little bit, but mostly its boring cause I'm bad. I did find a few characters that are enjoyable, and I'll probably end up getting addicted to this game as well. I usually don't like these kind of top down, click on the enemy to win games, but this is okay. I'm sure this game is amazing, it's just not for everyone. Also more fun with friends.
game-hours: 866.8
review: a
game-hours: 1122.9
review: Nice game
game-hours: 147.6
review: A good game
game-hours: 20.2
review: My mouse doesn't respond in time People are yelling So many trolls and afks No one understands the game Turrets shoot faster than eminem rapping someone called me a o 10/10 p.s. Taught me russian
game-hours: 564.5
review: nice game feature
game-hours: 194.0
review: Russian dictionary Russian simulator 10/10
game-hours: 230.5
review: Nice Game (y)
game-hours: 2442.0
review: Can't stop playing Dota 2 !!!! help!!!
game-hours: 1395.7
review: best game ever
game-hours: 385.8
review: i dont care what other people say, Dota 2 is a wonderful game. Sure you meet the common tryhard every now and then but the problem with the Russians isnt near as bad as people make it out to be. I've only played with Russians maybe twice out of my 400 hours (estimate) of playing. I love the community and best of all, ITS FREE. So go try it, you'll love it I swear.
game-hours: 574.4
review: i like this so much
game-hours: 2374.8
review: team up with pinoy and your game is done 10/10
game-hours: 754.5
review: I think this is the best strategy game ever. You can see it from all aspects
game-hours: 183.7
review: dota 2 best game ever
game-hours: 90.3
review: aaa
game-hours: 275.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 466.1
review: .
game-hours: 244.6
review: ?
game-hours: 706.6
review: Awesome game and very fun when you get used to it XD.
game-hours: 396.4
review: good time waster, lol
game-hours: 1289.3
review: Best Game Ever !!
game-hours: 2723.1
review: very god
game-hours: 41.2
review: Dota 2 is nice game i aslo like game Iam playing 8 year old player He his good i Suggest you all play dota2?!
game-hours: 3651.5
review: Awesome Game!
game-hours: 854.9
review: Amazing game, very well balanced, NOT pay to win and overall best free-to-play model I've ever seen. Don't listen to anyone who says "oh but there is only one map" or "oh but this game is impossible to play". It has a steep learning curve but once you learn it will almost definentely be one of your favorites. Also the massive amount of varied characters and possibilities make the one map still so different feeling everytime. Better with friends
game-hours: 3239.2
review: very nice game 10/10
game-hours: 40.2
review: Now it's for sale or something. Just ask anyone on steam they probably have 10 invites to give you if isn't for sale/free/public. Who ing knows. This game's not that great, they should rename this game "endless struggle to convince eastern europeans to be teamplayers." Or or or "What's worse than suicide? Waiting a game out you already lost for 30 more minutes." Or or or, "RTS for weenies." or or or "We think you're too dumb to know how to use control groupings so we made it default disabled in your menu." If you didn't understand what control groupings are, then this game is probably not for you, you filthy casual. 1 fiflthy casual out of 2
game-hours: 1079.4
review: GG
game-hours: 107.5
review: Its a cool game? i recommended it you!
game-hours: 1618.9
review: DOTA2 really is a true re-creation of the life ending WC3 mod. It'll drag you in, crush your soul and make you lose faith in humanity, but you'll always come back for more. Stop playing  MOBA's and play the original already!!! If I can't convince you, then maybe this informational video can . . .
game-hours: 1133.0
review: this game is only my choise! GG WP
game-hours: 529.6
review: NCG!
game-hours: 199.9
review: Download the DOTA 2 and PLAY..
game-hours: 874.4
review: :*
game-hours: 1447.6
review: It is the best of times... it is the worst of times.
game-hours: 564.7
review: Good Game
game-hours: 12.6
review: Dotan pls -IGN
game-hours: 1064.5
review: wow just wow
game-hours: 81.9
review: best game ever
game-hours: 206.7
review: lol gg game
game-hours: 1709.9
review: fenaa
game-hours: 178.4
review: nice game!
game-hours: 1765.3
review: --,                   ,     ,         . ,       ,   .  .  F-22 ?
game-hours: 290.5
review: Dota 2 Is a Cool game
game-hours: 268.0
review: :D
game-hours: 2812.1
review: I CAN'T STOP PLAYING THIS IN' GAME
game-hours: 1285.2
review: wqeqweqw
game-hours: 2128.4
review: very good game nic game
game-hours: 1450.9
review: this is nice
game-hours: 822.5
review: Dota is very informative and fun game. when I started it, I was not so sure about it but as I went on playing it. I became so in grossed that now once in a day Dota is important for me. I recommend this game to all my friends. The thrill, adventure, action and friendship involved is way better then bidding your time sitting idle. Thanks Dota :)
game-hours: 2724.2
review: GOOD GAME!!!!
game-hours: 1530.4
review: The Best !!!
game-hours: 619.2
review: COOL
game-hours: 285.8
review: reallygoodgame
game-hours: 1160.8
review: sugoiii
game-hours: 91.3
review: Best Moba game.
game-hours: 222.6
review: Very nice
game-hours: 1001.9
review: best game
game-hours: 5673.7
review: Idemo do dna, tuga, ti i ja...
game-hours: 577.2
review: Too addictive
game-hours: 1434.5
review: Great game 10/10 definately recommend to all... easy, fun, interesting, and never gets boring!
game-hours: 568.3
review: A great game that is fun no matter what. I have liked dota since it was just a coustom game in wc3. For a free game you can't go wrong.
game-hours: 169.6
review: Probably my favorite MMORTS type game
game-hours: 2938.4
review: Worst game ever
game-hours: 3395.5
review: THIS GAME  MY LIFE
game-hours: 2976.8
review: this game is awsome and the best game because: 1-u can choose from over 100 heros 2-u can play this game for ever 3-better then LOL and HON =)
game-hours: 59.9
review: swan
game-hours: 335.0
review: Recommended !!!
game-hours: 136.8
review: Exp !!
game-hours: 1166.6
review: This game is a very good game
game-hours: 898.0
review: cool
game-hours: 970.4
review: You shouldn't play long time in dota2
game-hours: 299.4
review: gooooood
game-hours: 1591.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 1195.8
review: THIS GAME IS THE MOST EPIC AND EXCITING GAME ALL AROUND THE WORLD. I recommend EVERYONE to play it NOW!!! And thanks for reading my review. :PPP
game-hours: 97.7
review: good game
game-hours: 29.7
review: Well, it is a nice game, mostly strategy, might be difficult and u need some time to get use to it
game-hours: 1988.7
review: best game i've ever play since dota1. but beware of kids, brace your self, you'll be bullied by kids
game-hours: 604.0
review: _BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT__BLYAT_
game-hours: 858.0
review: Pinoys Simulator 2015
game-hours: 468.2
review: nice
game-hours: 682.9
review: ...
game-hours: 384.8
review: caz play dota > lol
game-hours: 4136.2
review: ez !
game-hours: 619.7
review: 10/10 would recommend. :)
game-hours: 1025.1
review: really good game, didn't use the method of "pay to win"
game-hours: 616.9
review: Wow. Much recommend. Such Dota. Amaze. Very Ownage.
game-hours: 410.0
review: I suck
game-hours: 85.0
review: For the ppl that like to annoy other ppl online XD
game-hours: 857.9
review: cant connect to dota 2 server....pls slove the problem
game-hours: 1823.6
review: New generation of DotA, new Ancient, and more Defensive
game-hours: 2314.5
review: A lovely game, every online-gamer fan should play Dota 2.
game-hours: 274.0
review: amazing dota 2
game-hours: 2187.1
review: very nice game
game-hours: 4111.5
review: The best, most complex, difficult and challanging game out there
game-hours: 779.2
review: This game is awesome.
game-hours: 920.5
review: Alalalala
game-hours: 1782.2
review: Hated hearing about it at first, but a good game when you play it. Better than that over rated piece of crap League of Legends.
game-hours: 1958.1
review: Very nice game
game-hours: 1890.4
review: Nobody is able to withstand the power of the Skywrath
game-hours: 3395.8
review: a good game
game-hours: 4028.7
review: this game owns so fun!!
game-hours: 1819.3
review: long live DotA2~
game-hours: 1473.2
review: One of my best favorite game!
game-hours: 278.3
review: )
game-hours: 1542.3
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 248.4
review: Nice game, has a good vibe.
game-hours: 371.3
review: A great PvP game that offers some of the most intriguing and nuanced team combat around.
game-hours: 1116.5
review: aa
game-hours: 1275.3
review: qwe
game-hours: 422.8
review: Dota 2 is by far my favorite game as of yet, and I completely love it.
game-hours: 1047.9
review: ra
game-hours: 2830.1
review: (Y)
game-hours: 32.7
review: Yes!
game-hours: 1938.1
review: yes!!! best game ever!
game-hours: 547.6
review: Before I didnt know this game I though it was noob game, but when I started to play this game my opinions very changed..This time its my favourite game.
game-hours: 1270.3
review: Dota is a very popular and best game ever i had playing
game-hours: 649.3
review: asfsfsdfsdfsdf
game-hours: 545.9
review: I LOVE THIS GAME <3
game-hours: 499.0
review: it's fun
game-hours: 2.8
review: Yes it is great, very well do i love it.
game-hours: 732.9
review: <33
game-hours: 1136.0
review: out of all my hours of dota i feel like this a game of pure sportsmanship, friendship, and just plain kicking
game-hours: 1425.3
review: i'd rather play legend league it has all my fave champs
game-hours: 348.1
review: this game is sick nasty bruh.
game-hours: 1231.6
review: Home of the Techies, Russians, and all the kinky artwork you could ever need.
game-hours: 5161.3
review: send help please
game-hours: 545.2
review: good and amazing game
game-hours: 341.0
review: This is awesome GAME. It's a BEST Free game. Please ALL DOWNLOAD IT. :) :). It's one of Coolest game on the steam.
game-hours: 0.6
review: +
game-hours: 2139.1
review: Just an awesome game, good selection of heroes, map never gets old, (Even though I haven't been playing long) Still, great game. *EDIT 1600 HOURS LATER * I ing hate this game, it turned me into the saltiest piece of  Please help me
game-hours: 100.3
review: best ever! give me unusual courier please !
game-hours: 319.7
review: hahaha
game-hours: 4591.5
review: Addicted.. this will end your social life :p :D
game-hours: 1486.3
review: I really love this game. But right now i cant play dota 2 because of some difficulties i need to fixed it, i cant play find match game, always disconneced from the server unabled to established someting someting. but seriously u need to play this game.
game-hours: 1456.0
review: What to say in dota... Die? "JAJAJAJAJAJAJA" Kill? "JAJAJAJAJAJAJA" Get insulted? "JAJAJAJAJAJAJA" Every minute? "JAJAJAJAJAJAJA" This is dota 2. Also throw in a few ""s and "vodka"s. Always pick riki. Always get dagon. Always AFK. Epic game, play at least 500 hours of it. Then don't stop. Keep playing. Keep learning. Keep feeding. JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJA!!!!!
game-hours: 38.5
review: Best MOBA so far!
game-hours: 1882.8
review: WTF HAPPENED TO ALL OF MY ITEMS IN MY INVENTORY?!?!?!? I logg of and as soon as i come on MY ITEMS ARE ALL GONE. I paid Over $30 Dollars on my items and i want them back
game-hours: 228.2
review: Cancer lancer will kill you unless you are slark addicting, will ruin your life and everything in it
game-hours: 2312.1
review: I recommend this game. I had been playing since Dota1 came out.
game-hours: 2180.1
review: I liked this game because it's sociable and interesting, but sometimes I hate it because there are many idiots playing it.
game-hours: 3247.0
review: good game
game-hours: 797.9
review: Good game, but most of the people who play if don't realize that it is a game based on teamwork.
game-hours: 449.9
review: Good russian simulator.
game-hours: 2625.9
review: Klassnaya igruha
game-hours: 892.7
review: plzzzz be friendly
game-hours: 1136.9
review: Very Nice Game
game-hours: 1944.0
review: I failed all my classes 10/10
game-hours: 645.4
review: turned my life up side down ... never took a game like this so seriously ... awesome stratergy game ... gets to lern new things every time i play
game-hours: 3488.3
review: This game lost me my life,my nerves and my money, 10/10, game literally harder than dark souls
game-hours: 647.4
review: very nice
game-hours: 1063.0
review: amazing
game-hours: 86.0
review: 3 game thua trng nhng m cng c ci vui :v
game-hours: 989.9
review: This game is only fun if you enjoy playing with the odd russian team member who does nothing to help you. Many hours played, with the same heroes, same outcomes and same  insults. Its gouge-your-own-eyes-out good, yet i still enjoy playing it.
game-hours: 355.4
review: Great Game
game-hours: 766.0
review: forver dota!
game-hours: 354.4
review: Very funny game , very smart to play , special moba game, not like any other :)) MMR- u feel like u need to win or u will drope 25 points D: Pubs- gg , I trolled and what? (later on , stats will go down ://)
game-hours: 139.7
review: Holy smokes, this game is addictive. Even more addictive than TF2. 10/10 will play again, Gaben has made us proud xD
game-hours: 2506.0
review: good team play game
game-hours: 396.4
review: before play dota 2 try to learn russian and pinoy language !
game-hours: 663.4
review: yeah i guess i like dota
game-hours: 692.5
review: awsome
game-hours: 1515.8
review: Awesome all-round game. With teamwork and solo play.
game-hours: 1038.3
review: MMR
game-hours: 2408.1
review: Good game, well played!
game-hours: 353.1
review: gave me anti-social behavior, depression, swearings in different languages and even an inclusive russian course, also ruined my life completely. - 12/10, would jiggle again.
game-hours: 774.1
review: tss
game-hours: 3.5
review: !!!       !!! 0_0    pc !!!
game-hours: 1465.3
review: (y)+++++++++++
game-hours: 919.1
review: :)
game-hours: 720.9
review: Good Game!!!
game-hours: 935.5
review: Let it consume your SOUL!
game-hours: 169.1
review: cool
game-hours: 1543.5
review: The game is awesome. However the community is fairly friendly. People should be less rude in my opinion.
game-hours: 149.9
review: Amazing must play game! I'm new, but my friend is eaching me and I'm a pretty good Lich.
game-hours: 2461.4
review: This is amazingly fun and never gets boring.
game-hours: 324.1
review: Dota 2 is Cool
game-hours: 18.5
review: League of Legends is for low IQ autistic nerds. Everyone is just stupid dumbass kids in that game unlike DOTA 2. All the autism kids in LoL dream about one day they seat on a gaming chair 247 infront of thousands of Korean nerds lmao. DOTA>LoL Like if you agree.
game-hours: 2978.7
review: Hi nice Game in Steam
game-hours: 572.8
review: this game express our real attitudes.
game-hours: 1441.4
review: Absolute  game if you want to always lose with stupid asians that can't speak english. The enemy team always picks the most op heroes while your team all pick 5 mid carries. If you love to always lose and get angry at your  team mates, have no cooperation or teamwork while the enemy tears you a new one with their's this is the game for you. Once you have sold your soul to the devil, its his forever. 0/10 would kill myself everytime and yell and the dumb asians asap. A great game that you think you will have fun with until you meet the disgusting players. nice b8 m8 i r8 8/8
game-hours: 43.7
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 7.6
review: it sccked socks\
game-hours: 1002.2
review: Decent like.
game-hours: 2529.5
review: Just played a couple of rounds ... it's aight.
game-hours: 701.8
review: good
game-hours: 786.5
review: dota>LoL all day everyday
game-hours: 574.1
review: I love this game it is well designed and i would recomend it to anyone, however i find the punishment system to harsh, perhaps put it back to the time based one
game-hours: 814.1
review: good game
game-hours: 841.2
review: GOOD GAME! FREE TO PLAY!
game-hours: 2194.4
review: The more you play it the more addicted you get At first,i didnt like this game,the screenshots were not "that good" and didnt represent the game enough,after a few weeks,my friend decided to give it a try,and so did i,the first time i played was arround an hour and i became boared,my friend said it was repeatitive and doesnt have that much "fun" i stopped playing it for about 10 days,on the next day,i asked my self while masturbating furiously why is this game so popular...? i began to play dota again and i became "addicted" why should you play it??? >>has a lot of diffrent heroes with diffrent abilities and power >>you can cuztomize your hero's gear arm and crap just like tf2(damn valve) >>if you have friends,this game is an amazing experince for you and your friends and what i like the most is the strategy you have to make to defeat the opposing team,what makes an awesome victory you ask?*gigles* well that's for you to decide overall score:11/10 Awesome game
game-hours: 791.2
review: This is the iest game of all time, with the WORST gaming community of all time. I dont know why ive used so much time inn this game, but holy f***, every.single. inn this game are either idiots, rude, annoying or thinks they are the best MOBA player inn the world. Ive played my last match in Dota 2 now. Its been constant 780hours with PURE.EVIL.F******.RAGE. I reccomend other games, than this . This game, is the worst. Litterly give you AIDS.  this game.
game-hours: 218.5
review: jawa
game-hours: 538.9
review: - Cause Anxiety Disorder - Language Learning tool ( Supported English,Russian,Chinese, etc.) - Playing this  when blazed is good - Wraith King has so much swag 420/69 " Best game ever"
game-hours: 0.5
review: I hate this game
game-hours: 292.4
review: iVE NO IDEA HOW THIS GAME WORKS
game-hours: 1634.2
review: AWESOME!
game-hours: 1910.6
review: :)
game-hours: 2955.3
review: Game of the year... If youre bored of your entire life, play this damn game. 100000000/10. Also learn how to speak Russian, Spanish, Portugese, and Chinese. Better than rosetta stone.
game-hours: 3020.7
review: Well have been playing this game since forever. The best game ever!
game-hours: 138.4
review: Amazing free to play game 10/10 :D
game-hours: 5410.7
review: The best game ever created
game-hours: 1144.9
review: This game is amazing! A perfect port from the old WC3 version. Details are amazing, gameplay rocks, community could use help lol. I've played DotA for years, sense 5.84 on WC3. I will never stop playing DotA!
game-hours: 89.7
review: A magical game with a magical community. Unless it's your first match. Then, YOU ARE THE NOOB FOREVER. Then you realize Visage and Sven are your calling. Only then, can you fight back against all who doubted you.... ONLY THEN..........
game-hours: 419.9
review: Frumos jocu(dar cam greu) Imi place :).
game-hours: 838.7
review: GG
game-hours: 399.6
review: qwerty
game-hours: 941.4
review: ^_^
game-hours: 311.8
review: nice2
game-hours: 715.3
review: Great
game-hours: 378.9
review: FLIPPING FUN GAME, I LOVE IT, except for huskar and sniper always being insta picked, I LOVE IT. I played a little at first then tried it again and got my other friends and now we play it much.
game-hours: 0.4
review: Aids
game-hours: 169.6
review: So Fun to play with friends
game-hours: 159.6
review: The best MOBA I have ever player. 10/10 For players new to MOBA's: Watch some tutorials online so you can get a feel for the mechanics Make sure you have a tough skin so you if people online yell at you, you can either ignore them Get some good friends so you can have good communication on your team
game-hours: 335.5
review: Str8 heat
game-hours: 546.1
review: excellent graphics
game-hours: 1107.0
review: Good Game
game-hours: 300.3
review: This is great. So far, only Filipinos having bad English ruin the game. I'd recommend this for one reason, no maphacks. It'd really improve your game.
game-hours: 1225.2
review: I recommend Dota 2
game-hours: 147.0
review: I actually like this a lot more than LOL.
game-hours: 53.8
review: I have a very love/hate relationship with dota...I love the fact that i can play this game for 3000 hours (multiple accounts) and still be entertained I HATE the fact that with 3000 hours im not as good as id like to be.
game-hours: 1400.7
review: Dota 2.       ,      .   Dota 2       .     .       .
game-hours: 6348.1
review: Best Game EU
game-hours: 134.9
review: :)
game-hours: 108.7
review: It is all fun and laugh until someone is fed!
game-hours: 1579.2
review: its fun
game-hours: 1565.2
review: Blyat! Kotl Giff Mana!
game-hours: 1554.6
review: strategic battle arena gameplay that will push your mind and teamwork to the limit
game-hours: 862.3
review: This is a good game. For a MOBA type of game, i think it works very well. Firstly the gameplay is sufficiently complicated such that items and abilities do not always have to follow the standard path, many aspects of the game is situational. At the same time, the game is fun and relies heavily on strategising and execution. Playing online is great as it is a real test of skill and strategy. It must be noted however, that the online community tends to be unfriendly at times (as with most online games, especially this type). The customization of the heroes in game is a nice touch and i like it. Especially since it helps ensure that this game is totally f2p.
game-hours: 1422.5
review: VERY EXCITED !!!
game-hours: 1150.6
review: If you want a free program to teach you langauges, This is it!
game-hours: 17.5
review: nice game very addictive :)
game-hours: 620.8
review: awesome game my most played game
game-hours: 3418.6
review: Nice to play! :D
game-hours: 332.3
review: GREAT
game-hours: 1128.9
review: NICE GAME EVEr
game-hours: 215.8
review: Welcome to . 2
game-hours: 5722.6
review: cool game
game-hours: 2679.7
review: ~Ohime-Sama Aishiteru :)
game-hours: 1431.5
review: This is a very fun strategy game. The 5v5 makes it so that everyone on you team is important, unlike other games where there are probably thousands of other players just like you, Dota makes it one of my favorite team fighting games.
game-hours: 712.3
review: n
game-hours: 147.0
review: NICE GAME!
game-hours: 2749.6
review: Nothing about this game gives me an adrenaline rush anylonger. I've fallen into a place in the ranking system where 3/5 people on each team are completely new to the game. No matter how high I go in MMR, unless I take a two or three week break between each two day gaming session, I'm stuck with  teams having to 1 vs 9 without coms or a common language. Without fast, hard plays, manmode and clutch pro planned plays, I feel that the game is beneath me. Unless they follow or there is someone on the team who is better than me and leading, it's usually a shited game of autistic americans and autistic peruvians spouting memes and measuring . Terrible while pubbing.
game-hours: 289.7
review: this game is a very wonderful game and it helps us make a write desition and help us to have a peaceful mind!!!
game-hours: 1191.3
review: aaaaaaaa
game-hours: 1983.7
review: Dota 2, Is Personally My Faveroute Game On Steam How I Never Get Bored Of It. 2 teams of five to push towers on 3 lanes and destroy the enemy ancient. With a massive pool of fun heros this just never gets boring. However, playing online with people if you ever make a small mistake people will rage on you like crazy. But after this downside i have had some of the biggest laugh i have had with my friends on this game. Recomended.
game-hours: 113.4
review: THE BEST GAME IN THE WORLD!
game-hours: 2069.7
review: Play dota 2 to have awesome great gaming experience ever.
game-hours: 189.7
review: The perfect trifecta of what a good game is. Amazing gameplay, spectacular storyline, and deep connections between each character! A perfect game! 10/10
game-hours: 1370.7
review: The single most addictive game i've ever played
game-hours: 491.6
review: NICE GAME.,... MY FAVORITE
game-hours: 339.5
review: A game of calculations, Dota 2 has millions of different possiblities to throw at you in every game. Millions of different strategies, problems and solutions. Every game is different. Every game can be frustrating, beautiful, dissapointing, exciting, heart racing, slow, fast and much more, all within the first 20min. Steep learning curve, do the tutorials and play through the characters if your new to MOBA. Enjoy them, hate them, find what style you like to play, grab some friends even. There is something in it for everyone.
game-hours: 221.1
review: Dota is a great game in the fiDota is a great game in the field , dota can eliminate boredom can sometimes also angered the existence of theft accounteld , dota can eliminate boredom can sometimes also angered the existence of theft account.
game-hours: 302.8
review: This game will eat up your social life and kill your sleep. Help!
game-hours: 369.8
review: Oh god....when i play HEROE OF NEWEARTH and i see this game (DOTA 2) so similiar, i try download, install and play ...DOTA2 is AMAZING !!!
game-hours: 4149.5
review: Dota 2 is the Best game 100% Life steal
game-hours: 195.4
review: liked
game-hours: 1720.5
review: I missed my exam becuase of dota, recommend it for everyone 10/10 :D
game-hours: 1082.1
review: One of the best games I've ever played. I've recommended this to all my friends, and I believe that you should do so too.
game-hours: 752.2
review: OMG Cool game xD
game-hours: 452.5
review: xD xD
game-hours: 1605.0
review: Dota 2 is one of the most strategic, addictive games that I've played. Great graphics and great gameplay.Needs great gaming sense and coordination from good game experience
game-hours: 2049.7
review: Its got me...
game-hours: 305.3
review: This is an AMAZING game. Ill run down some good things and bad things Good things: All heroes are free, so there isn't anything like pay 2 win or something like in Legue of Legends. All heroes are balanced, and yeah there are some really good heroes too, but that's in every game. There are a lot of different game modes, and some even where you can make your own hero! There's a mute and report button so that you can report very anoying people, since it's a full on team game. You can get free items by winning. These are fully cosmetic, but are really cool! just like in many other steam games, you can sell those items and make money! I've made a few dollars, so it's not to mutch, but just a small extra. There's a bot mode where you can train new heroes. Bad things: The players are many times anoying. (But then there's the mute and report button) There arn't a LOT of heroes, but plenty. Language detector doesn't work (wich means you will play with a lot of people that speak a differnt language than you) If you play with friends that are a higher lvl than you, you will get to play in that high lvl too, wich will be really hard. That was basicly it. I reallly like this FREE TO PLAY game, i've got 280 hours of play time in to it, but ill shurely play it a lot more
game-hours: 347.1
review: asdasd asd
game-hours: 1766.2
review: i cant leave this game why? wtf
game-hours: 2759.1
review: Awesome game but requires skill :p
game-hours: 765.9
review: Very Fun to play with friends, etc. etc.
game-hours: 1453.7
review: This game needs teamwork and cooperation.
game-hours: 170.1
review: (y)
game-hours: 779.9
review: kl
game-hours: 287.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 1087.8
review: nice game!!
game-hours: 1246.6
review: This is a Good Game ever i see and FREE TO PLAY So What are we waiting for DOWNLOAD IT NOW !!! ^^
game-hours: 223.2
review: very good . excellent
game-hours: 328.9
review: good game
game-hours: 423.4
review: I LOVE dota2 GAMES ... :D
game-hours: 888.2
review: Best game ever, if it not best one of the best
game-hours: 2101.3
review: Destroyed my life, but still one of the best games.
game-hours: 325.7
review: Lose 6 times in a row 10/10 would play agian
game-hours: 575.2
review: good game dota 2
game-hours: 1894.7
review: 10/10 would play
game-hours: 562.0
review: Great Game. Very addictive
game-hours: 276.7
review: U HAVE BEEN SPOOKED BY THE    SPOOKY SKILENTON    SEND THIS TO 7 PPL OR SKELINTONS WILL EAT YOU
game-hours: 1152.5
review: I was going to do a review about 700 hours ago but decided to take more time into the game before sharing my opinion. Now i do believe this game is the most amazing game i have ever played and i have never put so much time and effort into this game. There are some negatives about this game though. Lets get the good things first Good -There is one map in the game but it never gets old. -The amount of heroes there are to choose from -The customization you can do to your characters -It is not a pay to win game. Its just for customization and to make you look badass. -The amount of satisfaction you get for having an amazing game. -The amount of communication you need to succeed in this game. -Its a very balanced game with nothing that really screams cheap (I know about PA's and Slarks but still, they are the easiest thing to counter) -The constant amount of updates that happen Bad (Things you need to get over before having the best experience) -The learning curve in this game is huge. If you have never played a MOBA, like myself, then your first 20-30 hours will be the hardest hours because you are getting used to playing. -The people that troll or who tend to give you a bad experience in the game which happens rarley -Some of the characters are a little dull (don't really intrest people) I highly recommend this game to anyone that wants a game that needs communication, strategy, and thinking to win. If you come from League of Legends, you will be bad at this game, but when you play more, you will love it more.
game-hours: 21.5
review: 10/10
game-hours: 434.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 556.8
review: I Like dota 2 because its so fascinating even though its a fantasy or impossible to happen.......but i dislike players who continue to discourage newbies...in other words dota 2 is a perfect game for stress relieving....:)
game-hours: 1400.9
review: VERY VERY NICE GAME !!
game-hours: 1518.7
review: Gets your brain juices flowin'.
game-hours: 4038.9
review: YOU VALVE I HOPE U DIE
game-hours: 397.4
review: good
game-hours: 1201.9
review: gogank, getganked
game-hours: 1490.7
review: asd
game-hours: 12.5
review: I like this!
game-hours: 945.2
review: Stupid game.
game-hours: 1877.3
review: The best
game-hours: 743.9
review: dota2 is a good game, nice hero character and many more. wkwkwk...
game-hours: 1573.7
review: Game is so intense my anoose puckered up. 10/10
game-hours: 752.5
review: With this, you can enjoy the game and play with other people's emotions aswell...
game-hours: 1415.3
review: strategy game i like
game-hours: 325.6
review: Aside from random hating and the odd slap  it's not too shabby. "no you..."
game-hours: 1561.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 239.6
review: very wonderful game!
game-hours: 311.6
review: I was playing on the US east coast servers and got an entire team of Brazillian players. They wouldn't let me go mid. 10/10.
game-hours: 392.3
review: One Of the best move ever :D
game-hours: 585.1
review: :)
game-hours: 775.8
review: this is good
game-hours: 286.1
review: making money out of it
game-hours: 516.9
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 1890.2
review: well player
game-hours: 2144.7
review: Good game Well Played!! I'm enjoy with it!
game-hours: 2806.0
review: TOTALLY FUN!!! WARNING: NOT SUITABLE FOR CHILDREN
game-hours: 359.3
review: This is the best strategy games
game-hours: 194.9
review: This game improved so much since it was released on the beta. There are over 90 heroes to choose from currently and the gamplay is as intence and as rewarding as DOTA 1. I know alot of people will be hesitant to try it at first but there has been a new tutorial system implemented in DOTA 2 and I think it will help new comers. I know some people who play LOL might bash in this game, but both games are compleatly different. Its like comparing COD and Battlefield, they are so different that connot be compared. (no preference on either game, I think bot of them are good) Give this game a try, the learning curve is very steep but it is rewarding when you learn. I think this is the best gave valve has ever developed and has been the most played game on steam ever since the second year of beta development. Try it out, its free and badass!
game-hours: 0.4
review: I just, didn't like it.
game-hours: 254.5
review: Awesome game, love to play it !
game-hours: 1185.1
review: more than 300 hours played.
game-hours: 1341.8
review: hallo
game-hours: 4276.2
review: ,     DOTA 2 -  ,    . ,   , -, - ,          .
game-hours: 2052.1
review: This game is the best game ever :D
game-hours: 295.2
review: Fun game to play with friends. :) GL HF
game-hours: 1541.3
review: 2gud4u
game-hours: 98.2
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1669.1
review: I like everything about this game. The graphic, interface, gameplay, etc. One of my favorite game.
game-hours: 7.8
review: Best FTP ever !
game-hours: 1787.8
review: Best game I ever played! You always find something new and learn every game!! Over 1k hrs and still a noob ^^ "KOTL GEEV MANA!!" 10/10
game-hours: 1262.4
review: i like the gameplay 4ever
game-hours: 2458.8
review: good game
game-hours: 1508.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 700.8
review: its super
game-hours: 850.4
review: :)
game-hours: 624.8
review: awesome game
game-hours: 446.2
review: Very fun to play.
game-hours: 123.9
review: ...........................................(:D)..........................................
game-hours: 1973.9
review: jogasso
game-hours: 2373.3
review: good ah
game-hours: 119.8
review: Game nya tempat sampah kalau mau kill malah dikill Ooh now -_-
game-hours: 9.7
review: that is good game
game-hours: 286.7
review: ammm .. no command
game-hours: 1025.3
review: Just loving it...:-)
game-hours: 1517.0
review: ,   ,
game-hours: 1221.1
review: Omg yes
game-hours: 1.1
review: Had a friend who played this game a lot. Got along with him well for a few years. I played this for a few hours and it's a total troll-fest. Nerve-wracking how terrible the community is in this game. It is not worth the price of free. One mistake early and you lose the whole game, but it takes about an hour for that loss to happen. So during that time you are forced to play a losing game or get penalties for quitting. Anyhow, my friend played this non-stop for a few years. Turned him into a totally rude nutbar to the point that I unfriended the prick. I think the community of this game rotted him out, luckily I never met him in real life. That would be sad, to see a real life friend get degraded into an animal before you. This game is toxic, I played enough online games to see this right away. Stay away, this is a money-making machine for Valve with psychological side-effects not worth the 'free' price-tag on the game.
game-hours: 1297.8
review: Very nice game i think.. i very like it
game-hours: 2847.2
review: stop fooling around, play this game already!
game-hours: 770.4
review: a nice multiplayer statargy game
game-hours: 410.5
review: Game is great, but community not so
game-hours: 1360.1
review: many clicks, such frustration.
game-hours: 82.0
review: best game ever!!!
game-hours: 1436.6
review: w00t
game-hours: 1126.3
review: Awesome game! Balanced, mind challenging, and addictive!
game-hours: 3.4
review: This game is LoL... For the Advanced players. Gold is harder to get, uses Last Hit. One wrong choice can ruin much more than you think. The game is an enjoyable experience nonetheless, and I would not go against recommending people to at least try it. A free game like this? Deffinitely worth it.
game-hours: 2940.8
review: Fantastic game
game-hours: 2522.0
review: 100% best strategic game ever
game-hours: 1032.0
review: great
game-hours: 3284.3
review: Great game to play with friends. Classic UMS from WC3. Happy huntings!
game-hours: 1843.7
review: i love it
game-hours: 670.2
review: This game is ok idk why I play it, League of Legends, Smite, HoN, are way better
game-hours: 1944.3
review: THE best game eva~~
game-hours: 2500.5
review: Game is super awesome hyper RPG-Puzzle-TPS hybrid! Highly recommend buying game, super cheap for sale.
game-hours: 1325.4
review: Nice game:D
game-hours: 2.2
review: great
game-hours: 1451.0
review: Ruined my life. 10/10.
game-hours: 1062.5
review: cool game
game-hours: 4693.0
review: This game is endless fun. So many tutorials and guides to help new players.
game-hours: 6373.0
review: best game ever. meet noobs and pro wannabes alike. GGWP new friends new XP
game-hours: 3920.9
review: Great game.
game-hours: 1464.3
review: Hue
game-hours: 326.5
review: 10/10. Solid Moba. Cant say more than that lol
game-hours: 1901.5
review: XD
game-hours: 0.8
review: best game ever
game-hours: 5863.3
review: The game taking your life away.
game-hours: 1968.4
review: l
game-hours: 1640.6
review: Im Recommend this game guys!! best game ever.
game-hours: 3256.0
review: What can i say... Dota ..not only dota2.. its a strategy game after all. Its not limited to using a skill on one or two..or five enemy heroes.. but to know when and how to use it.. Plus, the items suggestion are not always applicable. Each item has its role..and against different enemy. Overall, the game is for those with a little imagination. As for the graphics.. pretty much outstanding.. always getting improved.
game-hours: 3.4
review: Very competitive game, nice!
game-hours: 2282.8
review: If you are bored or looking for some action. Try this one
game-hours: 548.5
review: Extra game! Oho :D
game-hours: 3183.7
review: !!! :D
game-hours: 1690.4
review: 12312313
game-hours: 1551.7
review: ez
game-hours: 1220.1
review: Best game
game-hours: 18.8
review: Ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 490.3
review: (
game-hours: 1153.7
review: Epic game of all time
game-hours: 37.5
review: Quaeda    300  .             .         .                    .                 .                 IP           .          .    .                      .                                   .               ""             .             .          .    .
game-hours: 201.4
review: a very cool game :)
game-hours: 633.7
review: better than lol
game-hours: 2067.0
review: "I don't like this game at all. This game is too hard. This f@#king game, man.. This f@#king game.. I don't like this f@#king game anymore, this is the worst f@#king game I've played in my entire life. I would like to switch games now. " - Sing Sing in "Dota 2 - Sing Sing Gets Bashed"
game-hours: 3753.8
review: finally a game where i can play as my real self and not as heroic men saving exotic lands.
game-hours: 560.2
review: NICE GAME
game-hours: 761.5
review: Got called a russian and lost half my friends, 10/10
game-hours: 142.9
review: I had a good time playing this game. Every other review of this game says that it ruined the reviewer's life and gave them, I quote, 'erectile disfunction, knowledge of many other languages, the ability to be massively racist and social anxiety disorder'. No, this is not true. I played my first few games ,and whilst the community is appalling, managed to learn the basics. After a few more hours I had learnt to play fairly well and maintained my erectile functionality and friendships. Also, it is a free game so give it a go. If you find an item, you can sell it for money. However, I will have to warn you that in many of your early games you will be matched with horrible people who will insult you and speak Russian. Ignore this, improve and help others.
game-hours: 716.2
review: The team with the least number of russians win. 12/10 would  again.
game-hours: 1218.0
review: Hard to learn, and when you do. You realize the match makiing is broken and likes putting you with lower ranked players who are usually unpleasent and unskilled. The language options are also broken due to the English preference being filled with people who check all boxes to hope for faster match making. This is why i do not like this game. It is frustrating when your team mates do not know how to do anything or do there roles properly and makes it a horrible experiance if you are solo.
game-hours: 340.7
review: Nice game, even easier with the buying guide implemented, but the feeling is different from warcraft dota.
game-hours: 5.1
review: Quite fun. Reccomend it if your bored.
game-hours: 1821.5
review: Nice but always server down!
game-hours: 249.6
review: Tough learning curve because you'll likely play with some "pros" that have been playing Dota since patch 0.000001 and your team will likely consist of people that understand enough english to insult you but not enough to be of any use in team fights or other strat stuff. Huehuehue. Get a solid team to play with and its much better. Also practice against AIs for like a month before stepping foot into a person vs person game.
game-hours: 472.1
review: This game is fan-tas-tick.
game-hours: 146.3
review: awesome game, excellent graphics and gameplay. Tricky to learn at first but more in depth than LOL. high class game would reccomend for anyone who enjoys real time strategy.
game-hours: 1521.2
review: A complex game that features many heroes for all play styles. This game relies on heavy teamwork and has a skill curve. If you manage to survive the curve you'll find an addicting game with an improving community.
game-hours: 23.1
review: Awesome Games! Everyone should Atleast try it!
game-hours: 5681.5
review: Best Game
game-hours: 885.3
review: One of the best games off Steam and Valve. Takes mental and physical abilities to succeed, but once you get the hang of it, the game is really fun. Just remember to not feed the other team.
game-hours: 390.5
review: Addicting.
game-hours: 939.8
review: NICE
game-hours: 1244.6
review: BEST GAME EVER. U CAN ENTER EASY but CANT EXIT
game-hours: 1092.5
review: This game is awesome and just want to recommend to all players in the world instead of becoming a drug addict.
game-hours: 1148.2
review: good
game-hours: 158.8
review: Nice Nice Nice
game-hours: 296.6
review: supper GOOD GAME
game-hours: 3109.5
review: ,        . UPD        ,     ,      ,       .   ,,, -,   ,       .   ,   .    .
game-hours: 836.7
review: asadasad
game-hours: 1024.4
review: this best game in the world
game-hours: 592.8
review: 123123
game-hours: 678.4
review: like I play dislike i lose
game-hours: 1430.2
review: I like to play this game. This game give me a lot of lesson. Pls give me one arcana TT
game-hours: 1047.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 1281.3
review: This is the game where u will not get boring to play with even if you had been playing it for thousand of hours..
game-hours: 902.1
review: Please remember to be polite and follow
game-hours: 1968.9
review: healthy game...just dont get emotional then it will be good
game-hours: 1021.8
review: yes
game-hours: 705.3
review: Dota 2 it's fun games, we can play strategies and anything in this game. this game is awesome :D
game-hours: 567.5
review: the problem is that due to power cut sometimes i get dc and till i return its late then 5 mins so 6 low priority game is just to much u should do something like that if some one is dced due to valid reason he shouuld not go to low priority i always find myself in low priority sue to power cut i complete 6 games then again one power cut and m in low priority so please help me in this and make me able to play else it will be just too much stress for mr to keep on playing always in low priority thanking you
game-hours: 1019.9
review: Great game, wil be even better if there will be more interisting events like "Diretide"
game-hours: 938.2
review: good game
game-hours: 2161.2
review: pantekasd wqddddd
game-hours: 2329.7
review: :3
game-hours: 1158.7
review: DOTA
game-hours: 2890.0
review: I like it becasue I can play with noobs TY:).
game-hours: 1352.8
review: a very addictive game
game-hours: 15.5
review: the game is amazing keep it up
game-hours: 868.7
review: a very good and enjoyment game
game-hours: 2043.8
review: fascinating.only for maniac
game-hours: 569.9
review: best game ever!! haha
game-hours: 794.3
review: good game
game-hours: 1041.5
review: sometimes i like playing dota2 sometimes when i trade they pick unfair items to their low item
game-hours: 436.1
review: Recommend for this game. This game can make your brain smart in strategy
game-hours: 265.2
review: the best game ever
game-hours: 3417.8
review: Fantastic game !!!!
game-hours: 188.7
review: nc game
game-hours: 1789.3
review: very excited
game-hours: 302.2
review: Nice
game-hours: 767.8
review: great game
game-hours: 1435.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 1664.1
review: DOTO BEST
game-hours: 1873.7
review: this game is awsome!!
game-hours: 704.2
review: Crazy addictive and extremely frustrating at time, but extremely fun and engaging most of the time.
game-hours: 770.1
review: very entertaining as usual with much more online features.. im addicted!
game-hours: 1792.5
review: One of the greatest games ever! I've been playing since WC3, and getting it on steam just made it better.
game-hours: 802.7
review: ???
game-hours: 2870.9
review: good MOBA game
game-hours: 124.2
review: good game
game-hours: 2505.5
review: DO NOT PLAY. TOO ADDICTING.
game-hours: 50.6
review: GGWP.
game-hours: 2931.5
review: 5/10 because only specific heroes can jump...
game-hours: 1010.4
review: lol
game-hours: 1.6
review: this game is not fun -_-
game-hours: 258.8
review: This game is alot better the League of legends!! The whole gameplay and heros is balanced, has better graphics, better physics, and has more of a competive feel to the game.
game-hours: 925.4
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 3624.7
review: goooshii
game-hours: 325.5
review: It is just a relax+stress game.
game-hours: 3348.2
review: With Dota2 being the first Moba I've ever played I would definitely reccomend the game to all. That being said the SA community is one of the worst I've ever experienced with online games...this does include myself at times, guess it comes with the territory. Still a great game, hours and hours of fun.
game-hours: 1671.2
review: doto is suck, LOL is best of the world =)))))
game-hours: 715.4
review: 10/10 Loose all your friends and never trust anybody again all for the low low price of your self-esteem
game-hours: 929.5
review: ....!!
game-hours: 1704.1
review: 10/10 best game to play with friends
game-hours: 966.9
review: (Y)
game-hours: 1031.4
review: Be the best you can (y)
game-hours: 1018.1
review: Yeah !
game-hours: 1364.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 379.1
review: i like dota 2
game-hours: 1066.6
review: Reported.
game-hours: 0.5
review: rekt'd ogre/10
game-hours: 239.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 312.3
review: Dota 2 is the greatest GAME... Love it
game-hours: 126.1
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 1181.9
review: Best among real-time strategy games
game-hours: 1313.9
review: GGWP
game-hours: 605.2
review: Best
game-hours: 1370.0
review: I have close to 1.000 hours played of this game, and I can safely say that it is a piece of . I hate it. Don't play it.
game-hours: 242.6
review: like
game-hours: 961.2
review: AWEEESOMEEE
game-hours: 1506.7
review: 520
game-hours: 1546.3
review: Laalalala
game-hours: 1333.6
review: nice
game-hours: 323.1
review: ^^
game-hours: 3691.2
review: Nice
game-hours: 959.2
review: this game is so strategic for everyone,yourself,how you communicate to your teammates /enemies,how you patiently wait for a right time to do some actions, hunting enemies.it also affects your attitude during the game.Well at Least we enjoyed it most of the time. Especially good enemies/allies each game :) Most important in DOTA2 is to know your role each game.it will take a big part to win the match :) GOOD GAME WELL PLAYED :) Best Game :)
game-hours: 31.2
review: Game has quite the learning curve. Have patience and ability to learn and build your skills. If you can't move along.
game-hours: 456.1
review: Skills,Luck,Quickness,Patient,Awareness,Communication, Team-play,Positiveness,you need all of it in this game :)
game-hours: 565.0
review: THIS GAME... IS SO COOL... OVER 110 PLAYABLE CHARACHTERS... COOL ITEMS... MAKE TONS OF FREINDS... O...M...G SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY! OH WAIT ITS FREEEEEEE!
game-hours: 2182.2
review: WHAT A GOOD GAME !
game-hours: 1193.8
review: GG
game-hours: 2982.1
review: ing ruined my social life, grades, any chance to get laid, i got fat, and boring to the rest of the human race because all i talk about is dota, great game 9/11 IGN
game-hours: 848.3
review: ggwp
game-hours: 1637.3
review: :) good game
game-hours: 618.7
review: Connection issues .
game-hours: 6183.9
review: The Game itselph is very nice & it gets updated constantly but the matchmaking process needs to be redesigned i think...
game-hours: 349.8
review: Why did i get the message " unable to load version from steam info" When i load the game. Can someone solve this problem?
game-hours: 1196.0
review: So dangerous game if U play in Russians servers
game-hours: 552.2
review: 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, plus more for pan 5 tablespoons all-purpose flour, plus more for pan 1/2 cup whole hazelnuts, toasted 1 1/4 cups confectioners' sugar, plus more for dusting 1 Pinch of salt 4 large egg whites 1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract DIRECTIONS STEP 1 Heat oven to 325 degrees. In a small saucepan, melt butter until light amber in color. STEP 2 Brush madeleine pan with melted butter, and dust lightly with flour. Place hazelnuts and 1 tablespoon confectioners' sugar in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade, and process until very fine. STEP 3 Combine hazelnut mixture, 1 cup plus 3 tablespoons confectioners' sugar, flour, and salt in a medium bowl. Add egg whites and vanilla, and whisk to combine. Add melted browned butter, and whisk until incorporated. With a tablespoon, fill molds evenly, about 3/4 of the way. Transfer to oven, and bake 14 to 18 minutes. Cool 2 minutes, and remove from pan. Cool completely on a rack, ridged side up. Dust cookies with confectioners' sugar.
game-hours: 2849.0
review: Best game of all times.
game-hours: 2935.1
review: DOTA has marked the life of millions of persons. Valve and IceFrog has made sure DOTA 2 will be making the same for next decade. An extraordinary formula and a extraordinary work around it.
game-hours: 700.1
review: best game ever i had played .. i am enjoyiing it a lot . lots of new friends to play with enjoy with great comminuty ... thanks vavle xd
game-hours: 635.9
review: Strategy and fun to play.
game-hours: 3090.8
review: highly recomend this game to anyone very competitive and fun to play with friends via online.
game-hours: 627.6
review: dumest game ever
game-hours: 351.3
review: wow ,this is so amazing ....
game-hours: 1887.2
review: LoL clone, HoN knockoff, complete waste of time- 10/10
game-hours: 383.3
review: holy
game-hours: 5712.4
review: best game ever :)
game-hours: 3059.7
review: like :3
game-hours: 90.4
review: Remember its only a game.
game-hours: 824.2
review: steals time quicker than a gypsy government benefits
game-hours: 434.6
review: zZ
game-hours: 1083.9
review: zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
game-hours: 963.2
review: Great game, its basically free russain lessons, a must play
game-hours: 359.4
review: nice game im online gamer adict i dont play dota 1 but when i try dota 2 its good
game-hours: 1177.8
review: Dota 2 is incredibly deep game, in a sense - is absolute. Such variation you will not find almost any other game, except perhaps that of direct competitors in the same genre. But they are few, and they are usually made worse. Unreliable players here Not applicable, as send out a separate circle of hell, where they play with the other trolls and flamers. This helps to re-educate those in whom the piece is still some reasonable and good, but finally lost souls will cook in this pot forever.  of
game-hours: 1052.6
review: dont think of downloading it just do it
game-hours: 1037.5
review: Dota 2 is a lifestyle! Best game to ever change my life. Extremely competetive and the most addictive game ever to be made!
game-hours: 1910.7
review: X!!(Dai,MMY),357,B GOD(BurNing),Xb,yueru,zhou,DC,Loda,zsmj,820,Pis,(lanm),Hao,2009,merlini, Vigoss!!!!!
game-hours: 551.4
review: tes
game-hours: 597.5
review: Good...
game-hours: 3043.1
review: Best game ever it is obviously better than LoL and HoN
game-hours: 2172.7
review: The biggest waste of time in your life, 10/10.
game-hours: 1234.4
review: That's the best game what i have played ever. (i have played BF 3, BF 4, every Dead island, a lot of strategic games and WOW etc... I also played LOL, but dota ... Dota 2 is more difficult than LOL, LOL is for kids who want kill everything and destroy everything, but dota is more strategic and just it is more about how can you plan assaults, how you can farming...) Dota is about cooperate, but LOL is also about that, than why play dota? Play it if you want challenge and a lots of hour of fun. It's amyzing guys play it! :-)
game-hours: 171.6
review: nice
game-hours: 727.1
review: good game (Y)
game-hours: 1265.0
review: yes
game-hours: 1168.6
review: yes
game-hours: 1349.0
review: good
game-hours: 1527.3
review: Dota 2 is a life-breaking game with everything a MOBA needs. Thats all I really need to say. Spend 5 hours on the game and i can almost guarantee you will be hooked ;) 9.8/10 <------- Only downside is that the community is probably the worst you will ever see in your life.
game-hours: 797.8
review: I'm supposed to wake up at 7:00 for school. Not anymore. I wake up at 6:00 to play one game of Dota before school. I'm thinking of waking up at 5:00 because I want to play another game. I go to bed around 11:30 because I play Dota. Dota 2 ruins lives! Stop playing this game.
game-hours: 2974.8
review: awesome game
game-hours: 3203.2
review: Idk, but this is a revolutionary!!!
game-hours: 852.9
review: Really fun game, need to play with friends, nice graphics and active staff
game-hours: 532.3
review: i recommend this game to all age.
game-hours: 1222.9
review: Forget paying money for a language learning software like Rosetta Stone. No teacher, program, or audio book will help you as much as DotA 2 will. Follow these simple steps; 1.) Download DotA 2 2.) Play the game mode "All Pick" 3.) Leave and abandon the game. 4.) Continue to do this until you're into low priority. 5.) ??????? 6.) BRBRBRBR HUEHUEHUEHUE GIB MUNE PLS As you can see, I now speak fluent Brazilian. The only thing I don't like is that the program teaches you to curse before teaching you actual words. 8/10 Innovation 7/10 User interface 1/10 Community 10/10 Would recommend if you BR your HUE and you GIB mune plz.
game-hours: 767.6
review: hayzz
game-hours: 818.7
review: must play game for everyone!
game-hours: 483.6
review: lost girlfriend, money, and college. 10/10
game-hours: 3928.8
review: best game
game-hours: 70.8
review: sadasdasdasdas
game-hours: 427.0
review: nice gamee
game-hours: 718.6
review: This game is worse than cancer. 10/10
game-hours: 1663.6
review: CAN'T STOP PLAYING EVEN THOUGH I'M GETTING MY BUTT KICKED REALLY HARD PLZ SEND HELP
game-hours: 23.9
review: good game ;)
game-hours: 1032.8
review: I'm meat hooked to this game its amazing in other words fuq league
game-hours: 1348.2
review: ssss
game-hours: 2165.6
review: Dota 2 - Je to sraka ktor furt dodrbe jeden alebo dvaja idioti v teame,ale aj tak to hram. +Je to zadarmo hodina rutiny,nauite sa tam slova ako napr.putin,vodka, a plno alch uitonch slov ako napr.ebal som mamku a podobn.
game-hours: 1228.8
review: THE BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
game-hours: 365.5
review: Nice for competitive play. Need some patience, matches are long.
game-hours: 1893.5
review: good...
game-hours: 1104.4
review: GG
game-hours: 750.2
review: The remake of a popular mod that Valve eventually bought.... like CS or TF2. But that doesn't matter. What matters is that it's a full game of that map that you loved to play on WC3. Better graphics, smoother gameplay, easier matchmaking and items that customize your hero appearance, potrait even spell animations(that actually require money but you can get it by playing). As for gameplay it's much smoother that WC3 and has gorgeos graphics because it runs on a modified source engine. Easier to play, even easier to pick up for new players. And you'll play with people of your skill level. Items are easier to build. Heroes are very well balanced. There is no hero that excells in every area. And no single match is the same. Every match different strategy different heroes and different enemies. Only downside that i really care about is the community. People does not know how to put their language preferences on their native language or the language that they actually speak. Every game you have that 1 or 2 guys that doesn't understand anything you say. Or a bunch of russians that'll rage over every single small mistake you make. SEA NA EUwest EUeast servers are all full of Russians. Russians are everywhere except for the Russian server. And while i'll admit that there are some good Russians who speak english and actually communicates with their team and not yell  BLYAT through their mic, but they're not that common. Overall good game, very well balanced. I give Dota 2 9/10. Recommended game but beware of the russians..........or pinoys.........or brazillians(or so i've heard).
game-hours: 279.1
review: The classic WC3 map from IceFrog totally revamped and upgraded to fit in the e-sports scene.One of the best games I ever played and continue to play without getting even a little bored.It is getting better and better by the time as updates keep coming.This year every team member of the team that wins the main event of Dota 2 will be a millionaire.That's astounding for 4 years of existence in the MOBA genre which changed after the arrival of this game.
game-hours: 653.1
review: extra igra
game-hours: 332.7
review: I've finished this game in about 40min, it's pretty cool tough. There are some events like every 6months or so, so every 6months you have +40min of gametime pretty good The best Aeon of Strife Styled Fortress Assault Game Going On Two Sides created until now.
game-hours: 1730.9
review: Good
game-hours: 1055.9
review: nice game...........love 2 play,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
game-hours: 699.9
review: This game seems to be left 4 deaD 2 with new name, buy very good
game-hours: 3847.8
review: nice
game-hours: 1278.8
review: been playing dota since 2006, i made the right choice when i transitioned to dota 2. great game :)
game-hours: 667.6
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 456.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 1202.4
review: nice game ever
game-hours: 1933.1
review: GGWP
game-hours: 2521.7
review: yes. we got a great fun in this Game !! I love Dota 2 forever :D
game-hours: 1599.8
review: noob jajajaja 10/10
game-hours: 2306.2
review: Everyone has to get this game!!! You will see why people have hours on this game...
game-hours: 1298.0
review: I never liked strategy games but dota 2 is the best of them all you need is to be careful and cooperate with your teammates harras the enemy and you'll get victory and good times :D
game-hours: 3200.7
review: DOTA 4EVER
game-hours: 3200.9
review: DOTA 4EVER
game-hours: 2210.7
review: GGWP
game-hours: 633.3
review: Great Game , It has become an addiction to me ..
game-hours: 897.0
review: A game which i can't live without :)
game-hours: 2788.9
review: Fun Game :)
game-hours: 344.9
review: Amazing game never get bored :)
game-hours: 1574.1
review: This is one of those games you never get sick or tired of playing. You may be playing in the same map with the maybe the same people on your team but the excitement and thrill found in every game is what makes it worth it.
game-hours: 1132.3
review: super game
game-hours: 1473.8
review: best game
game-hours: 371.5
review: THe game is awesome its like a coolest game i played than the other game grapics and the items and the chracater viewing and new items comming and updated
game-hours: 8.2
review: Awesome game..........
game-hours: 1646.5
review: wew
game-hours: 28.8
review: Dota 2 is an over the top third person game. It is buy to play, for $30.00. Don't buy the game but invite a Dota 2 Dispenser as a friend and follow the instructions to get the game for free. Dota 2 has a lot of heroes to play as, and they are all free. The game itself is quite hard for new players to play with the steep learning curve of the game. That's why Dota 2 has a mode wher you practice with bots. But sadly, they're quite hard too. Practice makes perfect, I guess. Score: 8/10 stars. Don't mind the professional players cursing at you for dying. Just remember, they once were noobs too.
game-hours: 1450.1
review: good
game-hours: 1419.8
review: .
game-hours: 1256.7
review: SOOOOOO $TONED  MAN AW $HIT A HELLA MOTHA ING 666 ODD FUTURE MAN BRO CHECK THIS OUT MY SWAG WITH THE WHAT WHOLE 666 420 $$$$ HOLLA HOLLA GET DOLLA SWED CASH ING MARIJUANA CIGARETTES GANGSTA GANGSTA EAZY-E C.R.E.A.M. SO BAKED OFF OF THE BOBMARLEY GANJA 420  PURE OG KUUSSHHH LEGALIZE CRYSTAL WEED.
game-hours: 1007.6
review: this game is a great game....i play it to much and need to do something else with my time...
game-hours: 1659.9
review: this game so great!!
game-hours: 1745.4
review: test
game-hours: 1776.5
review: enjoy..!!!have fun
game-hours: 189.3
review: good gameee
game-hours: 1436.1
review: this is a nice game. i love it
game-hours: 1174.1
review: This game is fantastic, by far the best free-to-play game out there. DotA 2 can take some time to learn, but once you know what you're doing it's a very rewarding, fun game which encourages team play and cooperation. Overall, a very fun game.
game-hours: 3642.5
review: Great teamplay RTS game. You should know that it has a steep learning curve. It's the most fun when you play it with friends. I prefer Dota 2 over the competitors LoL and HoN because it's cleaner and I have more trust in the developers. In both LoL and HoN I have been disappointed by patch changes and the directions they decide to take the game in. Now Dota 2 is not perfect, for example they still tend to make every new hero slightly overpowered, but still in my opinion this has the best integrity.
game-hours: 1602.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 200.7
review: Nice
game-hours: 2085.9
review: I'ts Dota2 *Plenk* !!!!!
game-hours: 793.7
review: it's a nice kind of strategy game
game-hours: 537.3
review: Best Game eu
game-hours: 947.5
review: This is ing Awesome!
game-hours: 3978.8
review: X e,
game-hours: 610.9
review: asas
game-hours: 3.0
review: Smite is better
game-hours: 2398.9
review: This game is awesome !!
game-hours: 1011.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 2001.7
review: If u want to compete in a fair battle with pure skill and no cash shop items interfering with your gameplay, then Dota 2 is the game you'er looking for.
game-hours: 926.4
review: The most fun you can have on a free game, bar none. The community is great (most of the time) and replayablity is endless. Just download it already!
game-hours: 343.0
review: I like that every game is different and challenging; however, people tend to take pub games too seriously.
game-hours: 2101.7
review: asd
game-hours: 1183.1
review: give my life back srsly !
game-hours: 71.8
review: Yea
game-hours: 731.5
review: i like heroes in this game. it's amazing, especially women heroes, so beautifull. But i dislike most is met with troll player make the game lose
game-hours: 2825.3
review: En iyisi!
game-hours: 0.7
review: Pizza recommend thus game cus its a good game and ifs free to play so have fun and dont be a loser
game-hours: 283.3
review: It's cool u know ;)
game-hours: 911.4
review: wqwewqwqweqeqweqeqweq
game-hours: 402.4
review: Its an alright game but it always lag everytime after a maintenance
game-hours: 868.5
review: Seemas to be an amazing MOBA that is F2P and its up to you to decide on IGP. 2 thumbs up for me
game-hours: 445.8
review: <3
game-hours: 244.4
review: <3
game-hours: 769.8
review: Great for Teamwork plays and improving your gaming experience.
game-hours: 181.2
review: Love to play this game.
game-hours: 1380.0
review: yes
game-hours: 1263.9
review: addict!
game-hours: 299.1
review: just easy to play and fun
game-hours: 163.1
review: :yay:
game-hours: 1395.3
review: very interesting game, i like it. i hope next hero update is oracle :D
game-hours: 226.9
review: this is a great game
game-hours: 257.1
review: GREAT&WONDERFUL GAME
game-hours: 242.6
review: Why my dota 2 always update , when i want to play this
game-hours: 468.1
review: this game so cool and awesome
game-hours: 73.2
review: Just try It
game-hours: 1773.9
review: Very NIce For me...THx A LOt
game-hours: 1316.0
review: good
game-hours: 35.1
review: Best Multiplayer Game ever play in STEAM !
game-hours: 636.7
review: Truly a dream come true game!
game-hours: 1004.2
review: Dota 2 is like chess if someone makes the wrong move your team loses the game. It requires a lot of practice to become avarage player. Anyway the game very good it gets new updates every month sometes new items and new upgrades for the heros are released it's balanced game. I think that valve should release the 3 remaining heroes just to normal match makeing public only first and then maybe on ranked mmr
game-hours: 12.8
review: Best
game-hours: 783.5
review: having a funn
game-hours: 796.1
review: nice game! :D
game-hours: 1855.7
review: good game
game-hours: 459.7
review: this game is rly good ... everybody want play this game ... like me ... im enjoy it...... so i will play this  ... i love it :P
game-hours: 2585.1
review: If you want a hard game to play then dota 2 is the game for you. If you want a easy game lol you  :D but really play this game it the most fun you ever have belive me.
game-hours: 604.4
review: blyat
game-hours: 1421.1
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 302.6
review: Best Teamwork Strategy Game in the world!!! thumbs up!!!
game-hours: 30.1
review: very good
game-hours: 336.4
review: this game is really fun to play. great graphic lots better than DOTA 2
game-hours: 1237.6
review: Damn dude
game-hours: 632.1
review: the game is good!
game-hours: 483.5
review: I like dota2 because I can overcome or forget all my problems at school and when i feel sad, depressed or stressed, it helps me to change my mood for the entire day hahahaha :D
game-hours: 815.5
review: nice steam community
game-hours: 244.5
review: such a ver nice game
game-hours: 235.8
review: real life? you mean dota 2 without russians?
game-hours: 2788.4
review: Nice game.
game-hours: 993.9
review: blyat idi naxuy pidar!
game-hours: 804.9
review: good game
game-hours: 155.0
review: This game drench my soul. . .
game-hours: 925.1
review: This game has both made and destroyed my social life.
game-hours: 769.0
review: amazing.
game-hours: 3794.3
review: Can't afford Rosetta Stone Spanish? This is the next best thing.
game-hours: 48.6
review: Such a good game, just need a team or some friends to have a lot more fun with it!
game-hours: 1233.0
review: Very nice indeed!
game-hours: 798.4
review: nice
game-hours: 291.2
review: <3
game-hours: 1597.7
review: its gr8 m8 I r8 8/8
game-hours: 1138.0
review: Dota 2 is the coolest game I have ever played. It is very unique in it's own right. Sure, there are knock off's of Dota and Dota 2, but they don't even come close to this game. This is the single hardest game I've ever played and may ever play, and I do intend to keep on playing it. The learning curve is massive, the bots suck, and there is no good tutorial. Those are basically the only complaints I have about the game, but since I am not new to the game, they don't affect me. So many people play the game and get discouraged, but if you are reading this and are in that boat, stick with Dota 2. Once you reach the point of enlightenment, you will have so much fun. I recommend this game to anyone and everyone, and there is no excuse to not give it a fair chance.
game-hours: 578.5
review: this game is fun
game-hours: 395.4
review: Nice game!!!
game-hours: 433.1
review: very good game
game-hours: 963.4
review: Nice.
game-hours: 1176.2
review: You can use the guide on suggested items list as your item build on your selected hero for you to master the skills and strategy of your hero's gameplay in dota2.
game-hours: 1258.4
review: <3
game-hours: 1028.0
review: Come n Play with all people in the world...
game-hours: 920.4
review: It's a cool game ya' know!
game-hours: 1766.7
review: game is fun
game-hours: 3928.2
review: very vey nice game . i luv u vavle
game-hours: 1619.9
review: thank u :)
game-hours: 3046.3
review: DOTA2 is a beacon of knowledge blazing out across a black sea of ignorance 10/10
game-hours: 2381.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 1243.4
review: Probably the best game on steam. 10/10
game-hours: 2142.8
review: ggwp
game-hours: 1513.3
review: good
game-hours: 737.3
review: z
game-hours: 1751.8
review: Best game ever. I play like 5~8 hours a day. LOL! GG WP.
game-hours: 1108.7
review: 800+ hours and I still suck 10/10 would rage again
game-hours: 1760.4
review: goog games in the year
game-hours: 729.8
review: good game
game-hours: 2233.2
review: ruined my life and my friendship with other people , definitely recommended 99999/10
game-hours: 88.9
review: fun
game-hours: 1368.4
review: i like this game,
game-hours: 680.7
review: go my little ladies
game-hours: 1721.3
review: legendary haunted game...^^
game-hours: 2364.1
review: get it. now.
game-hours: 1404.7
review: Totally addicting, maybe too addicting....
game-hours: 2124.8
review: Good game fo experienced and begginers.
game-hours: 42.0
review: dota
game-hours: 1584.3
review: 10/10. Never the same game twice!
game-hours: 1834.7
review: really fun!
game-hours: 1361.9
review: Much trade Such win Very Good Wow
game-hours: 160.3
review: By far the king of all MOBA games, this is one of the most fun and challenging experience I personally have ever had in a MOBA. If you liked league of legends, you may find Dota 2 to be a really difficult transition, as few things are similar. There is no "surrender at 20" you play the game until someone wins. The game is time consuming, and exceptionally challenging. I would give it a solid 10/10
game-hours: 222.0
review: realy good game
game-hours: 1888.3
review: I'm failing college cause of this Peruvian/Russian simiulator  10/10 would do it again
game-hours: 1780.7
review: I hate this gaem
game-hours: 338.4
review: Nice
game-hours: 1594.1
review: good
game-hours: 677.6
review: :)
game-hours: 1483.7
review: This game is tons of fun and you can play it with friends or alone and it will still be fun. This is a more advanced MOBA then say league of legends, but still very simular to other MOBA's. so if you have played other MOBA's before you should really consider playing this one.
game-hours: 2569.7
review: You have to play it, to feel how bad you are.
game-hours: 1577.5
review: 7/10 fun at times
game-hours: 2878.1
review: best game ever.... tnx
game-hours: 1174.1
review: i like dota 2 (y)
game-hours: 701.3
review: This game is awesome! :)
game-hours: 1274.4
review: Hey you, yeah you! Don't have the brain capacity to control a massive army, build bases, and execute daring army battles even though this game's mechanics were taken from real-time-strategy games? And do you enjoy blaming teammates rather than doing something about it when you're losing? Do you enjoy picking characters, who only need right-clicks(carries) to function? Do you say "we no def" when you're losing even though the game is called DEFENSE OF THE ANCIENTS? Then if so you hypocritical basterd, this game is meant for you! Expect your first matches to be full of carries and practically no support plays at all! But who cares? You're having fun losing! Be careful though young warrior! Matches can be full of people complaining about your play or the items you buy! Don't worry they're just jealous of your feedi-- I mean killing streak! So what if they call a " play" or a "wrong item" on you, if you're getting killz, then it's all fine! They're just jelly that you found a secret new meta before they could! So what if you play a support hero and they complain when you last hit? Not your fault my brotha, they're just too slow to react! So what if you're a support hero and not buy wards? Those wards are expensive as shet! If they want all the farm, while you just stand there, and then expect you to buy wards, then they are  as ! How can you possibly buy wards when you don't have any gold?! Bunch of , amirite? You'll notice in your first games that people like to kill other people. Well that's normal, people do that in real life. But you must remember this golden rule: Always push. Kid, no matter how many times you pawn their noob arses you can't win if you can destroy the ancient. This game is not won by kills but by pushing. For example: There is an impending 5 on 5 brawl or "clash" as they call it. But as your teammates prepare for bloodshed you notice at the other side of the map a pack of allied mindless soldiers or "creeps" as they call it, slowly march towards an enemy tower. This is the perfect situation to push because the enemy "Heroes" are way too far to respond to their tower being pushed. So what do you do? Ditch your teammates and head for that tower. Wait until they have started fighting and then you push. With the enemy team busy slaying your outnumbered teammates, you're free to burn that tower down to the ground. Results? A bounty of gold, and a pushed tower! Your teammates can complain all they want about you leaving them, in fact they should be thanking you for giving them the tower bounty, ungrateful s. If somehow, you managed to get to their 3rd tower, you'll notice that behind it are two buildings. These two buildings spawn the mindless "creeps". Unless you destroy the 3rd tower, these buildings are invulnerable, meaning they can't be ed with. If you destroy the 3rd tower then they are stripped of their godlike armor and now are ok to  with. Pro tip: Destroy the melee barracks first. Why? Because destroying it somehow gives your melee creeps steroids. And since the melee creeps are the most produced creeps, giving them steroids is the most rewarding effect. And also, the building somehow has a regeneration effect, meaning it will heal itself! So if you're going to attack it, might as well kill it or you'll be forced to retreat and watch it "heal". Which leaves you as to how is it able to heal itself if it's just a building. How? Because f*ck logic that's why! And if you manage to destroy all of the enemy's barracks then the in-game announcer will shout: "Mega creeps!" Signifying that all of the allied creeps have steroids. At that point, you can pretty much let the creeps swarm the enemy. I mean why not? You fought your  out the whole match, and had to deal with the enemy's at, so why not let them have a slow and painful death? Sounds good doesn't it? And if you're lucky, you might witness an enemy hero get killed by being swarmed by your steroid creeps, fun ain't it? When picking a "hero" don't be that guy who picks first. And if you're notoriously unlucky, don't bother to random a hero. Yes it does give extra starting gold if you do, but you'll just end up giving it to the enemy as you feed. Let the others pick first. Take your time. This is the part of the game where you actually use the most of your mind with. Analyze, be considerate, and choose a hero who can both counter the enemy picks and complement your allied picks. Now that you've pick a hero it's time for the laning phase! If you're support then they will need wards, and wards need gold to possess, so what do you do? GO TO MID LANE. Why? So you can last hit without any teammate hogging all the farm. If you're carry then they will need you to get lots of exp and gold, so what do you do? GO TO MID LANE. If you're an offlaner then you need farm to get utility skills and items, so what do you do? GO TO MID LANE. If you're tank then they need you to get tanky items and lots of exp to get stronger, so what do you do? GO TO MID LANE. In fact, any hero you choose is a prime choice for mid lane. Remember, first come gets the lane. But anyways this game is quite addictive and may ruin your social life, if you even had one. Friends, family, love ones all seem insignificant when you're in a match. If you're still in school, study time may become dota time, and if you're working, well you know what's going to happen. Overall this game has achieved what all games should achieve: Making you play and enjoy this game. So yes I recommend this game. Good day to you sir
game-hours: 1552.2
review: DOTA 2 is a challenging game, and I have watched many of the friends I have tried to get to play ragequit, saying "It's too hard!". Even so, my personal experience has been a great one. The graphics are very fine, giving you a breath-taking, beautiful world to conduct battle in every time. The combot is fast-paced and well tuned, giving you 100+ characters with abilities that are well designed and feature very well done animation. One downside of DOTA matchmaking is that you often get teamed with people who don't speak your language, making team-coordination harder in pub matches, but matchmaking is very fast. A game best played with friends, DOTA is an awesome MOBA that will draw your attention continuosly after the first game. Graphics- 9/10 Gameplay- 9/10 Matchmaking 7/10 Overall- 8/10
game-hours: 872.2
review: Strategic, aggressive, boost team play and exciting
game-hours: 529.3
review: wew
game-hours: 3721.4
review: 8/8 good fun, best of its genre and is enjoyable solo and in teams or party's. community full of spuds and good people, just depends on the game you get. Would recommend to everyone except spuds
game-hours: 650.4
review: It is fun when people don't ruin it (aka Jason)
game-hours: 1672.4
review: everything is alright!
game-hours: 26.9
review: GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
game-hours: 1584.1
review: At first, I was completely unaware of how I should've played this game. But thanks to the community, I learned a few crucial steps to becoming a good player. I'd like to share the steps I've learned with the rest of the community. Step 1: During my first game, people told me that playing on an English version was a terrible idea, and they recommended me to go make it Russian. That increased how well I understood the game by tenfolds. Step 2: Always buy Mask of Madness and Divine Rapier. My team told me that these two items would make me win every game I played. Although it took me a bit of time to farm the Divine Rapier, the Mask of Madness made me attack super fast that I didn't need any other item. The Divine Rapier also made me hit very hard. If your team doesn't approve of this, they're just jealous that they didn't think of this build. Remember, the more rapiers, the better. Step 3: The last step is to pick these few heros if you're starting out: Meepo: His Ultimate ability is to make more meepos. More meepos=More fun. Chen: Even though he's labeled as a support, just go for the typical MoM Divine Rapier build on him. Works every time. Invoker: His Q, W and E give Strength, Agility and Intelligence respectively. His R is useless, so don't even both with it. All you need is the stats. And those are just a few of many helpful tips on how to become a good player in dota! I hope this review helped!
game-hours: 506.8
review: it is a very nice game but can you fix the match making because of some troling players :3
game-hours: 1478.0
review: I've wasted all my money on a free to play. 10/10 Would bang.
game-hours: 140.0
review: this is a good game
game-hours: 2195.1
review: z
game-hours: 416.3
review: good
game-hours: 1732.9
review: Okay 1st,I recomend this game because its amazingness of MOBA , its better than any other MOBA out there and because i have friend that also play it. i usually play DotA2 with my REAL LIFE FRIEND that also play D2. We play for fun and for win, if we lose we just talk to each other about hero combos and never get mad even if a player in our team which is not our friend talking "PUTANG INA MO/ TANG INA BOBO( in SE Asia) or "ANJING BABI...". But i never recomend this game for a beginner player that has no friend that also play, it will become 50% stress, 50% fun ,even if you win ppl who are rude will still talk about your tiniest mistake (E.g: forget to use items or skills). Cause some peoples only play this game for winning and blame every ppl. Sry for my bad english
game-hours: 2478.4
review: great!
game-hours: 1215.0
review: Starting to get the hang of it. Pretty fun game.
game-hours: 776.1
review: SALE MY ARCANA 1K PM ME SURE SALER @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
game-hours: 1.6
review: brillient game so says putin
game-hours: 2076.3
review: nice game broo
game-hours: 395.8
review: ggwp
game-hours: 2678.7
review: Best!!!
game-hours: 790.8
review: Tired of old graphics in Dota 1? See the new heroes graphic remakes in Dota 2! Now you can spectate your friends LIVE ! No more searching for replay files, download the Professional player's replays and learn to play like them! No more unfair kicking, Match-making system lets you to find matches effortlessly, all you need to do is wait upon finding match! Dota 2 is great for Dota 1 lovers, especially you wanted a revamped graphics!
game-hours: 696.2
review: when everyone called you a noob, but you won the game.
game-hours: 3442.0
review: nice gam !
game-hours: 1787.2
review: :)
game-hours: 2290.8
review: If you want cancer, you've come to the right place. Get ready to yell at everyone for being , Matched with people who don't speak English. Vow to quit the game, but only to give in 2 days later. Watch as you grades fall, along side with your MMR. Best game ever, would play / 10
game-hours: 2290.8
review: If you want cancer, you've come to the right place. Get ready to yell at everyone for being , Matched with people who don't speak English. Vow to quit the game, but only to give in 2 days later. Watch as you grades fall, along side with your MMR. Best game ever, would play / 10
game-hours: 283.9
review: Dota 2 (Defense of the Ancients 2) is one of the best MOBAs (Multiplayer Online Battle Arena - where the objective is to competitvely push 'lanes' and destroy enemy towers to eventually reach their base. First one to take down the enemy's Ancient (final, large building) wins), and one of the most popular (second only to League of Legends). It is very similar to LoL (although there is no 'surrender' feature in normal games - yet), and if you play LoL or most other MOBAs I can guarantee you'll have a good time in Dota 2, provided you can get over the difficulty. The difficulty in Dota 2 is much higher than other games of the same genre. League can be quite easy, but Dota is a complete other world, where if you don't do even the smallest split second thinking right, it can cost an entire teamfight and then lead to defeat. Don't let this scare you though, practising against bots will allow you to get ability and item combinations down pat. Although, if you've never played a MOBA before, it may take a while to learn. As well-known Dota 2 player Purge says, it will take about 2-3 months before you'd be considered 'ok' or 'decent'. Along side this difficulty in game is the players. Sometimes you'll get really nice players that joke around a bit, sometimes you'll get nice competitive players, sometimes you'll get people who joke around the entire game to annoy their team...but sometimes you'll get players who want nothing but perfection (I myself, at times, may be one of these people) and detriment their own team if the smallest thing isn't done correctly. There is a reason behind this, which is like I've meantioned before, even the slightest wrongdoing (tower diving for a kill A.K.A. suiciding - but this is quite a large example). The Heroes (not Champions) you get to play as are all given to you at the start, rather than 'buying' or unlocking them. Although this may seem like all the new players would get to play the best Heroes from the start, there isn't exactly a 'best Hero'. Heroes have many, many downsides and weaknesses, and if not played well can lead to some of those problems I've mentioned above. Once a Hero is learnt to play well though, it is possible to effectively dominate the enemy team when playing on pubs (casual servers). Beware when going into ranked matches though - most people in ranked will know how to play and what to do, as it requires a fair amount of playing to unlock 'ranked'. I myself unlocked it in ~120 games, which was for me 240 hours of playing the game. Overall, this is a great Free-To-Play game that is definitely worth getting. It's free after all, and it isn't a small game, unlike some F2P games that have next to no content or games that need to have most of the content bought to be able to use it and actually have fun in the game. It isn't Pay-To-Play in the slightest, as the only thing money can buy is extra looks for Heroes, Wards, HUDs, Couriers, and Loading Screens. There are about 10,000,000 regular users and counting. How about you join them? I'd give this game a 9.5/10, maybe even a 10 because of a Hero that is afraid of trees. Rizzrack/10, I love you Timbersaw
game-hours: 859.9
review: <-- Hero referenced).
game-hours: 1141.1
review: this game is annoying me
game-hours: 548.6
review: Learned to be russian and call pinoy noobs.
game-hours: 615.1
review: More Addicting than Crack
game-hours: 701.8
review: This Game is really Like Chess. Recommend for this game <3
game-hours: 0.3
review: Nice game
game-hours: 557.2
review: Good game with traning ur brain to team work. And one important thing, a pro dota2 player never scold people KS (kill steal) what will they think is the team kill is increasing, a step closer to the win
game-hours: 908.9
review: good game that make our brain so smart and knowing each other,, how to work together
game-hours: 920.0
review: Great fun!
game-hours: 2139.5
review: This game is my life! 10/10 -IGN
game-hours: 1589.8
review: This game is exceptionally made.
game-hours: 3197.0
review: almost 1000hs spend, and its still the best game ever!
game-hours: 278.8
review: Much fun. Like a garage full of boners
game-hours: 3138.3
review: The whole world gotta crazy with this things!Need to spend whole life to play it!
game-hours: 1294.0
review: well.... best game ever made
game-hours: 1413.9
review: This game is one of the BEST MOBA i ever played - I recommend it strongly to anyone who likes team play and strategy.
game-hours: 120.2
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 19.1
review: greate game get it
game-hours: 1032.1
review: What happened to my life
game-hours: 1152.7
review: Absolutely loving it. The social experience aside it's the best RPG in a slightly smaller scale.
game-hours: 900.6
review: very intersting la kan..
game-hours: 3755.8
review: nice
game-hours: 15.4
review: Still Don't know item recipe .Icon too small :P
game-hours: 797.0
review: gg wp
game-hours: 1415.6
review: Lasciate ogni speranza voi ch'entrate.  Dante Alighieri
game-hours: 1920.1
review: 10/10 for thr game not so much for the player though
game-hours: 319.8
review: this game will ruin your life 10/10
game-hours: 2300.2
review: This game is very interesting
game-hours: 437.7
review: Great game!
game-hours: 18.9
review: i love this game
game-hours: 1908.6
review: good game indeed!
game-hours: 51.2
review: dota is good moba ever,try it,it'll addited u
game-hours: 2.5
review: Game costs too much money, can't buy. Ripoff of Minecraft, and sequel to League of Legends. Not even a game, it is a TV show. 10/10.
game-hours: 792.8
review: Good
game-hours: 2452.0
review: Top game in this World
game-hours: 1757.6
review: best online game right now...
game-hours: 15.8
review: Dota 2 is insanely addicting, incredibly fun, hugely daunting, and one of the most challenging video games I've ever played. I'm hooked.
game-hours: 2949.3
review: pretyy awsome game, lost many many hours of my life to this game... i hope i make it through university.
game-hours: 0.6
review: A great PvP game that offers some of the most intriguing and nuanced team combat around.
game-hours: 1419.3
review: One of the most addicting games out there. If you get it you wont regret the memorable hours of being a noob and learning Russian.
game-hours: 1.7
review: I play League of Legends
game-hours: 3227.4
review: dota need someone have sex
game-hours: 2978.6
review: ,   .
game-hours: 14.2
review: The game is fun but if your not into mobas/ games for koreon s the learning kurb stomp is like trying to stick your  into the assshole af a polish bakers wifes freinds hot cousin. This is a feat that not many have acoomplished just like playing dota 2 after the first year of this game being out. Im currently on a quest to play 1000 hours of this game by the time the next school year starts, with by the way is a totaly possible task. I give dota 2 8 rage filled quits out of 10.
game-hours: 2330.0
review: how do i play
game-hours: 1767.8
review: Fun for the most part, takes time to learn then you can dominate
game-hours: 406.2
review: 10/10 would recommend
game-hours: 372.7
review: pretty sweet game m8
game-hours: 3.5
review: It's like football, but it's electrons running through a computer.
game-hours: 52.5
review: This game ruined my life.
game-hours: 2010.8
review: !!!
game-hours: 1342.0
review: I ENJOY THIS GAME.
game-hours: 1074.9
review: I do tys 4 badge
game-hours: 1011.3
review: Don't play this game unless you're okay with losing days of your life
game-hours: 2068.8
review: good ;)
game-hours: 506.7
review: Fun
game-hours: 278.7
review: :D
game-hours: 2768.0
review: fcasf
game-hours: 2598.0
review: good game
game-hours: 313.8
review: Amazing
game-hours: 1.1
review: A good twist on a MMO mostly focused on strategy. This game is playable by a wide range of players due to it's different playing style for each character. Whether you are a supporter role for a team or the leader or the pusher. All of them offer unique gameplay styles. The objective though rather simple is rather hard to achieve in fact and can lead you to racking your brains to think of the best way to destroy the enemies base. This game forges camarderie among players as each player in the team have to work with each other and support each other with the different skillsets they each have. I strongly recommend you trying this game for a classic game twisted into something fresh and renewed, it's worth a try and most certainly will find a playing style in there to suit you.
game-hours: 246.8
review: nice
game-hours: 38.0
review: recommended!
game-hours: 681.0
review: best game ever! can't live without it..
game-hours: 503.7
review: this is the best game ever made
game-hours: 1558.0
review: good
game-hours: 234.1
review: This is the best MOBA game I ever played.
game-hours: 1355.9
review: I love because of high spirits, and I do not like because it does not get more item when prede level.
game-hours: 961.7
review: i like dota2
game-hours: 1004.3
review: Funny
game-hours: 190.7
review: hi yas dota2 me noo ietms leez ietms pleez oo pleez me ostrnem zaher
game-hours: 2014.5
review: bestes moba
game-hours: 2354.3
review: asdfg
game-hours: 1691.7
review: this game is really good and its' complexity is exciting! Learn to play using training feature before you go find match with other players unless you to get scholded! :D
game-hours: 1797.6
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 2356.1
review: epic
game-hours: 184.0
review: I HIGHLY reccomend this VERY popular game. It is a 5 v 5 battle game where you try to destroy the enemies base while waves of creatures from your team and the other team come. You have to do destroy buildings that attack you along the way to their base, the whole time leveling up your character with new skills and buying items from the shop, each one having a different abillity. With thousands, maybe millions of ways for you to make your character, and with over 100 different characters to choose from, no two games are ever the same. And that's the best part; you do everything you did all over again, while trying to improve your strategy. Unless you want to try a new character. The only downfall of this game is the learning curve. The tutorials that are in the game are okay at teaching you the basic mechanics of the game, there are tons of guides online that help you get a true understanding of the game. There are also reccomended builds for each character, helping you get a better understanding of each character. Once you have that, you are set to go. Hop in a normal game, and pick any of the limited characters selection, and enjoy! After all, while a game can be serious it's still a game, so have fun! I hope to see you sometime soon in a match!
game-hours: 1463.9
review: Play Dota 2 and have fun glhf
game-hours: 1290.5
review: oh yeah
game-hours: 1078.0
review: nice
game-hours: 1448.0
review: DOTA2!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1267.0
review: THe game that will suck your soul.. seriously this game is addicting. fun to play, horrible community (you know who you are)
game-hours: 599.8
review: Graphics and animation are superb. New items affects existing ability icon and voice altering. Cool in-game (market) stuff. Easy and affordable in-game purchases.
game-hours: 856.2
review: Never get enough with this game. Long Live Dota 2 =)) B-)
game-hours: 3666.6
review: Dota 2 is one of the most spectacular and intense games of all time. Those who choose to commit to Dota 2 will find many happy hours. Try it and you'll understand why.
game-hours: 822.3
review: one of best multiplayer game when a teamwork strategy become competitive between two team. also people talk on their locale language are normal show in the game.
game-hours: 450.8
review: OMG
game-hours: 87.5
review: BLack HOoooooooooooooooooole................................!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
game-hours: 1245.8
review: Best way to learn russian language! 10 drunk bears out of 10! Best game ever!
game-hours: 4578.1
review: An excelent re-vamp of the origonal. Do play, you shall enjoy.
game-hours: 3357.0
review: I only played a little but it was fun.
game-hours: 774.8
review: ,     WarCraft 3      .       -    .  ,       .
game-hours: 1243.0
review: oon ts pelis   ja feedaan :()=)!!!
game-hours: 1554.8
review: A game that will put your spirit and cunning to test!!
game-hours: 1191.1
review: With time comes dota skills.
game-hours: 272.1
review: YEAH ! I LAB IT ..
game-hours: 750.3
review: Fun to play with friends... Until you loose all of them because they are either n00bs that sux, or maybe it's because you never go out anymore...who knows But who cares when you have 109 perfect friends ;)
game-hours: 1263.0
review: Vodka vodka taco noob That's all you need to know about DOTA
game-hours: 1576.8
review: Good game
game-hours: 2089.2
review: This  right here B, THIS  RIGHT HERE B, is a very well designed and balanced game revolving around teamwork and character synergy, resulting in one of the few games that give a rewarding feeling for using teamwork and being successful. DIPSET
game-hours: 1324.4
review: You lose everything to this game and Gaben money, girlfriend, family. I especially recommend this game for all of you. Go get a copy of DOTA 2 and lose the community.
game-hours: 1926.1
review: the best
game-hours: 1639.7
review: this cool game of the world
game-hours: 60.9
review: good
game-hours: 1483.5
review: best
game-hours: 5689.7
review: this is awesome game!!!!!!
game-hours: 5315.1
review: You know... after about 4000 hours of this game I realized: I hate literally everyone.
game-hours: 1277.4
review: Defend of the Ancient 2 or Dota 2 for short is a challenging, difficult but fun and worth your time to play. It has everything anyone can ask for a MOBA game. ^_^ You can develop your skills, strategy and how to perfectly execute your game plan in MOBA games better by playing Dota 2. It can also exceedingly improve the way you think in different circumstances as Dota 2 is a very difficult game to play. Defend of the Ancient 2 is a one of a kind MOBA game with over 100 heroes, each with different skills and playstyle which can improve how you think and play in Dota 2. :) I've played Dota 2 for more than 1,000 hours and the first Dota for over 6 years. Trust me when I say Dota 2 is great game. Btw, the things I told you about Dota 2 are all real as I have experienced them before during my life of playing Dota 2. ;) GOOD LUCK AND HAVE FUN PLAYING DOTA 2!!!!!
game-hours: 822.6
review: Very fun, social, easy game. Met my current wife on it and we now have 2 kids, many arcanas and a healthy disresect for pinoys. Easily the best game I've ever played. 3/10
game-hours: 1694.7
review: WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO stop ++ Mirel Putzin
game-hours: 540.3
review: nice game. the most epic game
game-hours: 167.1
review: nice
game-hours: 608.5
review: If DotA was a girl. She will be Scarlet Johansson
game-hours: 547.0
review: wakwaw~
game-hours: 1279.8
review: This game is really good.
game-hours: 943.5
review: war of god i like 100%
game-hours: 1134.2
review: A very addictive game. Brilliant graphics, structure etc. Got to know every kind of person in the corners of the world too. A definite 10/10! Note: If you plan to start playing this game remember that before you play multiplayer, you'll need to do the training and play against the bots or else you'll be shown pretty much hate and would also might be reported and stuff. Good Luck! :)
game-hours: 1902.7
review: Great Games
game-hours: 305.7
review: awesome game!
game-hours: 917.5
review: Dota
game-hours: 463.3
review: more items for other heroes please :D
game-hours: 255.7
review: epic
game-hours: 669.4
review: This game is too awsome. 500/10
game-hours: 615.2
review: FInd a a good group of friends, forget 400 hours of your life 11/10
game-hours: 471.8
review: Need more Heroes, Item and Design (New Design)
game-hours: 895.5
review: This is a very fun game...
game-hours: 87.7
review: :) nice
game-hours: 1936.9
review: like the game and hate the russian basterds
game-hours: 185.7
review: :)
game-hours: 453.0
review: nice
game-hours: 1249.8
review: dota is life but 5 man carry game is hard
game-hours: 4.7
review: Rossetta Stone for poor people, If you lookin to learn a new language start here. If your wanting to play a decent game just spend some money on a game instead of being a cheap . Nothing competitive about this game, Matchmaking is all ed, half of your teamates dont speak english. Mobas are all the same, boring. yea back in 2005 dota was fun as , and you could kick the idiots before the game started. O you dont speak English?  off! Micro transactions are so ing stupid....I dont buy little outfit for my characters I buy games. Only an idiot would spend money on "keys" lawl. people really think they look cool with a different outfit on? so you pay 9.99 for it????? That is the comminity I dont want to play with, clear idiots. Agian game is dumb as  you can get put on team of 4 spanish people and they will report you for not speaking spanish, on a US EAST server? Either way, game it like 6/10 dota 1 was 9/10, nothing impressive about dota 2 even after years of devolopement these mobas just want you to invest way to much time in there  games. No thanks the games are now over 40 min this game is long and terrible lol. By the end of the matches your just like wow so there was a clear difference in skill between these two teams yet it still took them 40 min to beat us. Seem like the game is setup now to delay the game longer so the game doesnt last 20 minutes. This isnt dota, they have melded LoL and Dota into one noob friendly game. Make sure you get your microtransactions lol. On that not I see people who buy like 50 keys in cs ahahahhahahahahhahahahah Why dont you just take that 20$ and put it toward a nice hack for the game. Who ing cares that ur knifes blue? That guy over there just went 24-2. They want to open the market up past the American gamers because they know other countries have dumber people who buy stupid . Hence make the game free and microtransaction it. By the way if you have a model thats worth allot it doesnt make you look cool it makes u look like an idiot. Why are games getting soooooo bad?????????????? No originality to anything anymore. They just take good ideas of others and  them up.
game-hours: 12.7
review: fail college
game-hours: 0.8
review: still better than WoW and TES online... besides the gameplay... you dont have to pay 15$ per month... recommend 15/10
game-hours: 510.1
review: best game if you have mad russian skills like me.
game-hours: 879.8
review: yes
game-hours: 1866.5
review: If you ever want to succesfully attend University stay away from this game!
game-hours: 1643.0
review: wow this game is asome and its for worldwide....just for lvl1 requirments..
game-hours: 627.4
review: The poor man's Rosetta Stone
game-hours: 1136.8
review: Learn Russian, lose your friends, meet Peruvian kids, and make your life worthless! All in a very nice package.
game-hours: 0.8
review: Nice
game-hours: 6435.7
review: a game that change life of incoming youth gerenation
game-hours: 1516.3
review: good game..:D
game-hours: 1850.7
review: S A D B E A R S
game-hours: 466.5
review: HELLO GUYS :)
game-hours: 669.7
review: <3
game-hours: 540.1
review: BOOM THIS GAME!
game-hours: 2231.9
review: Defense of the Ancients... 'Nuff said.
game-hours: 507.2
review: BEST GAME IN WORLD
game-hours: 542.9
review: This game is very well made and I love all the new characters, if valve would like some character ideas I would lik ethem to contact me. I am very creative and would like to help produce items in this game.
game-hours: 111.7
review: After playing many MOBAs, DOTA 2 continues to be the most polished option out there yet.
game-hours: 1110.8
review: Liked
game-hours: 267.9
review: its a fun and addictive game
game-hours: 1906.5
review: k.
game-hours: 454.8
review: Dota 2, or Defense of the Ancients 2 is a great free to play game, keeping real to the original mod of warcraft 3. Many people don't know the origins but this title began as a game-mod for warcraft 3. It was so intuitive and successful that it spawned an entire multiplayer online battle arena (or MOBA) genre. Basically, it is a game created, maintained, funded, promoted and played solely by gamers. To know that this formula has lead it into a limelight of success is a warm feeling to anyone involved. The support this game has received has been phenomenal, though the concept is fairly simple. Dota 2 is a professional game experience, much like a game of baseball or football. The stage is set in an online computer regulated fantasy battlefield arena which makes the action more interesting and the gameplay more fair. Players join together in groups of five to take on opponents casually with public matchmaking or by forming professional competitive teams. Each player picks from a rooster of 100+ heroes each with unique abilities and statistics. Players then battle on a field of war, where the two npc armies release waves of troops to engage each other. This is where the game refines itself, though the stage does not change each battle is unique and requires great concentration and mastery to defeat your enemy. To become successful does require a certain level of prowess, so it is recommended new players begin by trying out a couple hundred public matchmaking games. You might think I'm joking, but that is just the start of the journey. As you become more successful your rankings will increase, making you more attractive for recruiters. Unless you already have a team formed and have had previous competitive experience, you might not be immediately ready for high level gameplay. Do not be discouraged, however! The game is great about teaming you up with players of your own skill level. Because the game is team based by nature, it is natural to meet new friends online to play with. It is important to be courteous and not overly rude, because your reputation spreads. If you are friendly and assist your team-mates, they may grant you after battle accolades or want to become your friend. If you are rude and flaming, your team-mates will work against you or sometimes quit altogether. In your early stages it is important to be open and respectful. If you're not sure what to do don't be afraid to ask. The game features an awesome built in microphone system, so if you own the hardware talking to your opponents is as easy as a click. As you complete more battles you earn more rewards, experience, accolades and friends. Rewards include special items and equipment for your heroes. Special effects and modifications to the user interface and stage design. Custom load screens, custom courier graphics, custom animations and plenty of exclusives which can be bought and sold on the steam market! Probably the only downfall here is the high intensity and length these games operate on. It is not unusual for a good game to take hours to complete. Sometimes it can be really heart pounding when you have a close game and both teams are equally matched. The minions flood the screen and team battles clash on, eventually leading a single team to victory. Though the game lacks a lot of what a traditional game is expected to have it is still a full experience. Dota 2 has come a long way and its ambition as a flagship for competitive gamers is something to respect. Its an awesome experience to be part of. Having the full support of steam and by having content designed by the player base, we see a role for anyone who is not successful with the sometimes overly competitive aspect. Much of the reason the original defense of the ancients was successful was because the community had such a large input into the designs of the game. Often the developers recruited within the games player base or other well known modders to help design their masterpiece. Today's Dota 2 sees even larger support, having systems in place to collect almost all 3d model submissions. When new heroes are designed players are both testers and developers of expansion content. This experience makes you feel in touch with the game. Ultimately however, this game is for the players. Battles are tough and the more experienced you become the more difficult opponents you will become matched with. There comes a point where being matched against a fully microphoned team is going to become common. Because I have played this game for so long and know a lot about it, I am not immediately put off by this. However, be warned prolonged exposure to Dota 2 is definitely not a casual experience. Though I always recommend one conduct themselves in the best manor for an optimum experience, you will encounter those who do not agree with these principles. Dota 2 has become a source of income for some, so it is important to those individuals to never lose. If you dont really care if you win or lose and are just looking for a quick way to pass the time, this game can provide you and a group of friend tons of fun. If you are looking to follow the road of success, prepare for a difficult journey. I definitely recommend Dota 2 for all gamers that would call themselves competitive. It is simple, sleek and sexy. Highly appealing and easy to pick up. Best of all, free and highly compatible and supported. Link directly up to your steam account and find out which of your friends play already. You might be surprised! Spending money in this game almost always results in only ascetic changes. This game is definitely not a pay to win game! In fact, one might even generate your own steam dollars by selling the items won from this game! Download it today!
game-hours: 845.4
review: Great game, free to play, have a good time with ya mates and meet all kinds of people lol what more could ya ask for.
game-hours: 801.6
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 1159.0
review: Play this in game
game-hours: 547.2
review: AWESOME GAME!
game-hours: 2066.6
review: well. good game. hehehe been from dota1
game-hours: 1672.8
review: Good game
game-hours: 19.3
review: Great Game I love it, first time playinf strategy like this its awesome
game-hours: 1971.2
review: Nice game. Must have. Its difficult for beginners but i see how the developer tries to make the start easier.
game-hours: 138.8
review: Fun~ way more rewarding than playing LoL... Love the customizations :D Free heroes no need to buy! Definitely a win!
game-hours: 1062.6
review: Great game
game-hours: 1783.6
review: free to play? check only comestic premium item? check addictive gameplay? check multiplayer with singleplayer capability? check active community? check update weekly to monthly? check many interesting event? check what else do you want?
game-hours: 426.9
review: What shall I say it's DOTA but I think some minor things coud be changed! Seems to be little bit laggy on linux and not as hardware friendly as HoN but better balanced!
game-hours: 1640.7
review: This is the best game to ever walk the earth!
game-hours: 2207.9
review: nice
game-hours: 1241.2
review: I started playing dota long ago and my life became progressively worse. I gained weight rapidly, I began isolating myself from social interactions and the little interactions I did participate in - I was very rude and racist towards anyone who even looked at me. Then I quit because reasons. Then my life started improving. I lost most of the weight I gained, I was dating, I got a nice job and I excelled in all my university classes. Then Dota2 came out. I was given a beta key and it sat in my steam inventory for many months taunting me. It's red glow symbolizing some deep-seated temptation that made me think of nefarious djinns of stories long forgotten. So inviting and so beautiful. But I knew it's secrets and I knew what those secrets did to me. But sadly even the strongest and tallest mountain will eventually fall and crumble to the gentle peppering of rain. After the five-hundreth (im lying, it was like 3 probs) demand that I start playing, my willpower gave in and fell into the blackness once again. I could feel some etheral blackness grasp its fingers around my still-recovering mind. As the game finished installed and I pressed that 'Play Now' button, I realized that I just jumped off the bridge that I was so very carefully constructing ever since quitting the first DOTA. Everything came rushing back to me. One game became ten and ten games became one-thousand. My girlfriend when I began again has left me already and I feel nothing but pity for her because she only wants me to leave the one I trulty love. I'm gaining weight again but whatever, I dont even care . i remember liek when my friend was like, "wanna come party after exams?" and i was like no  that lol i have an ih to do i skipped some exams tho cuz i didnt rly have much time to study cuz ti3 was hapepning and i wanted to watch enough games so i wuldnt be mad that i msised it. but i had to quit cuz im failing university and its gettin 2 expensive 2 live in campus. otherwise 10/10 good game i have 700 hours logged into dota2 and im still casual as
game-hours: 1875.9
review: doto
game-hours: 238.8
review: TIMBERSAW NUFF SAID(!)
game-hours: 341.2
review: dota 2 is so awesome can i have a dragonclaw hook!
game-hours: 161.3
review: Very Nice
game-hours: 1712.2
review: Good game
game-hours: 1788.9
review: good game, fun
game-hours: 1062.6
review: russian idiots
game-hours: 926.8
review: One of the best games i have ver played. I definitely reccomend it.
game-hours: 1573.4
review: Its ok
game-hours: 238.2
review: its fun, really addictive, strategic, tho the first two missions are annoying the games great
game-hours: 2251.9
review: nice game gg
game-hours: 3390.3
review: awesome game for the people with good reaction and nice attitude.
game-hours: 0.8
review: Fun Game,
game-hours: 1118.1
review: Best game ever!!!
game-hours: 1280.0
review: Nice
game-hours: 2578.7
review: Dota is the best game in the universe!
game-hours: 2683.5
review: its awesome you all should try this. its worse than drugs, it destroys your life 1 game at a time.
game-hours: 3198.8
review: Strongly Recommended.
game-hours: 3822.8
review: love
game-hours: 4654.6
review: ostavili na vtoroy god :(
game-hours: 514.6
review: 10/10 would reccomend
game-hours: 780.1
review: It's a best game i ever play .. i recommend other gamer to play it , you will find it very cool and very Exciting game try it
game-hours: 1647.2
review: It used to be a nice game before it became popular...
game-hours: 1627.4
review: lose my girlfirend.but gave is very cool!
game-hours: 476.5
review: ^_^
game-hours: 909.1
review: cool game although the higher your level the lower drop rates for items would be.the graphics are really good and beautiful..i must say this game is far more better than League of Legends as most of the heroes in there is imbalanced..i mean mostly every hero in that game can 1shot you..and also League of Legends doesnt have any trading systems and its graphics really sucks...recently I traded with someone..it went well at first but when we were gonna trade..he cancelled it and as result ive been scammed,But its not a problem the item is only worth 0.01USD. Better luck next time for scammers like him!Thats all..Good Luck to the Devs! :D
game-hours: 2756.7
review: Rage inducing fun. You can play the game and learn russian at the same time. Holy  this game is for me. 5/5 meepos
game-hours: 1592.5
review: This is real games!
game-hours: 509.3
review: nice
game-hours: 390.3
review: Been here for a long time, free and awesome gameplay..
game-hours: 1.3
review: This Game is so ing tokhmi . League of Legends is Far better than this
game-hours: 2174.5
review: much ers
game-hours: 9.8
review: Huge learning curve.
game-hours: 166.2
review: good.
game-hours: 963.8
review: keep up a good work
game-hours: 3447.5
review: Don't play this game. It's a BIG waste of time.
game-hours: 496.1
review: Greatest MOBA game ever made!
game-hours: 1068.8
review: Dota 2 best game ever.. disliked the new meta
game-hours: 2166.8
review: Very well done gameplay and graphics.
game-hours: 3889.5
review: this game is awesome
game-hours: 427.4
review: i like getting people mad and dota 2 is a good game for it
game-hours: 43.4
review: I'm Russian now ;_;
game-hours: 644.1
review: :))
game-hours: 1210.2
review: The game is easy. All you do is load up and select which server you want to play on, Brazil or Russia. WARNING This game makes you incredibly racist against any person who has any connection whatsoever to Russia, The Phillipines, or Brazil. Other than that it's a great way to ruin your life forever. But once you start playing you won't care anymore. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 556.1
review: :)
game-hours: 469.0
review: YES this game awesome DOTA 2
game-hours: 401.6
review: Best
game-hours: 357.2
review: The best game on Steam !
game-hours: 2868.9
review: Best rage simulator 2006-2014. Comes with many side effects :D
game-hours: 1052.8
review: MOBA
game-hours: 942.1
review: hi
game-hours: 688.1
review: its a very good game
game-hours: 1129.7
review: ggwp
game-hours: 1168.7
review: my fav game
game-hours: 710.9
review: Happy
game-hours: 415.3
review: Gamer of the Season
game-hours: 1800.7
review: Fun ... strategic.
game-hours: 466.8
review: Good game :)
game-hours: 1617.6
review: good
game-hours: 889.8
review: DOTO 2 = smoking weed
game-hours: 803.2
review: like
game-hours: 1347.9
review: Hmm
game-hours: 89.8
review: I originally got this game because my friends wanted me to play it. I sucked at it really bad, and I never saw the fun. But after spending a little more time on it, and acutally being able to kill people, I got myself addicted. If you get this game, it may be confusing at first, but will get really fun.
game-hours: 2017.5
review: GG gaming
game-hours: 902.6
review: good
game-hours: 680.1
review: Life time best game ever
game-hours: 1824.6
review: Good game
game-hours: 757.6
review: Honestly i can't escape this game....its so addictive yet so fun. From the 100+ hero pool and different ways to play each hero there is no doubt in my mind that everyone should own this game(plus its free so if you dont like it un install it :P).. 11/10 wp dota...wp
game-hours: 357.6
review: Nice game, bit of a learning curve but its fun nonetheless. Being 5v5 brings balance to the game, though there are some op heroes, its understandable as there is a lot of heroes,lots of skills and items.
game-hours: 692.0
review: I'd recommend DOTA 2 to anyone.
game-hours: 2178.1
review: good
game-hours: 3770.5
review: Lalala
game-hours: 1029.6
review: great
game-hours: 1122.3
review: NICE
game-hours: 1973.8
review: Good strategy game to play. It has evolved well from the previous WC 3 mod game.
game-hours: 1262.2
review: Oh really THis game :D
game-hours: 656.0
review: nice
game-hours: 1539.9
review: great game, dont feed
game-hours: 1293.6
review: Haven't really played much of this game so can't really say anything about it, sorry.
game-hours: 260.1
review: NICE!
game-hours: 623.7
review: This game is too hardcore for me, I'll stick to LoL.
game-hours: 2.5
review: I recently downloaded Dota 2 and it have been very enjoyable so far. I also injoy the game pace and tactics.
game-hours: 1233.5
review: An excellent game. It has a very steep learning curve for new players but with patience and practice the new player will reap many rewards. Victories are as gratifying as defeats are frustrating. Beware of the community, they can get bitter very quickly when a mistake is made. On the other hand, when you do well they may congratulate you. All the best of luck. You'll need it against me.
game-hours: 781.4
review: LIKE THIS !!
game-hours: 4933.3
review: nice
game-hours: 319.7
review: : 3
game-hours: 572.6
review: best game to have ever existed! :YAY:
game-hours: 4380.0
review: good game
game-hours: 278.1
review: this game is gool
game-hours: 1375.6
review: sad
game-hours: 2280.6
review: 10/10 would sacrifice virginity
game-hours: 246.6
review: love
game-hours: 831.7
review: nice rpg game
game-hours: 1273.6
review: what
game-hours: 3438.2
review: It is about our friendship, it is about our youth, it is about our life.
game-hours: 2059.5
review: BEST GAME EVER!
game-hours: 871.3
review: Too Good To Be True
game-hours: 3435.3
review: 1000+ ,     ,      ,     .     30   ,    ,    .       ,      ,    ,       .  ,     ,   40 ,     ,  ,       ,  ,  ,         .
game-hours: 741.1
review: Goof Game
game-hours: 2309.1
review: good
game-hours: 354.5
review: nice
game-hours: 278.1
review: I commend this game because of its wide range of strategies to do in game....
game-hours: 1644.1
review: One of the best multi player game till date!
game-hours: 2787.0
review: best mopa game ever
game-hours: 1468.6
review: Good Game
game-hours: 676.4
review: :3
game-hours: 25.7
review: Don't know what to say.... just play it
game-hours: 1215.7
review: :)
game-hours: 1346.0
review: !
game-hours: 279.7
review: good game ever
game-hours: 702.9
review: Best game with friends :D <3
game-hours: 1113.1
review: ...
game-hours: 1125.6
review: tERBAIK.
game-hours: 367.1
review: :)
game-hours: 1504.8
review: If you star playing it u will never stop it! 11/10 best game ever !
game-hours: 158.5
review: NICE GAME BOYS
game-hours: 2.4
review: Bascially TF2 But with no guns. Wasted about 100 and gave it to gaben 10/10
game-hours: 1903.7
review: good game
game-hours: 1027.4
review: I love thid Game :D
game-hours: 13.5
review: It is a good game,but it is way too hard to level up
game-hours: 1436.9
review: I have spent 1000 hours playing with a team of friends screaming and yelling and raging and raving about innumerable plays and moments that words fail to describe. This is not an easy game. When you try it you will run head first into a brick wall of knowledge. It will be a brutal task to learn to play the 100+ heroes, familiarize yourself with the items, and understand how everything interacts. You will need patience, determination, and the humility to admit your own mistakes and seek out greater knowledge in order to triumph. But there are no games deeper or more rewarding than this. And it's free. Have at it.
game-hours: 1220.6
review: Very nice game The best MOBA game i ever played Good animation, character, and skill nice grapich and good gameplay Sorry for my bad english
game-hours: 1179.2
review: When I was a mir boy i lost my life, to this "game" that i now can my life. Save yourself. Dont spen 900 hours+ on this game. 11/10
game-hours: 1343.7
review: Vicio total este juego xd
game-hours: 339.8
review: Great game for competitive online gamers.My favourite game by a long shot but the community isnt to nice to newcomers.Overall this is one of the best online pvp games you can find and without a doubt the best MOBA out there.It is an experience not to be missed.
game-hours: 2396.3
review: you know its best game ever
game-hours: 1084.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 10.0
review: I really Loved this game
game-hours: 886.5
review: Best MOBA GAME.
game-hours: 1973.5
review: why my all item gone,pls read this i dont know ,its scam pls back my item pls i have 3 arcana and to many item is expensive pls report read this dota
game-hours: 1173.3
review: i recommend this game, for fun and strategy
game-hours: 1.1
review: Just because you played League doesn't mean you're gonna grasp this game with ease. Get ready to suck....badly.
game-hours: 1557.9
review: GOOD
game-hours: 1417.5
review: Do you have too much time on your hands? Do you want to rage? Well then Dota2 is for you! Not only does it waste your life and possibly make you flunk school, you get to learn russian and meet Pinoys! Enter the fascinating world off chasing donkeys, meeting brainless Russians who say  blyat and kappa all day long. Oh, I forgot the brazillians, they are pretty  too. So enter the world of dota2 and sell your life today!
game-hours: 468.6
review: Gift 1 set featured a hero for the level up
game-hours: 2360.8
review: superb game
game-hours: 445.7
review: gillo
game-hours: 23.0
review: if your into multiplayer games ( MOBA , MMORPG ) . Then this game is mostly suited for you . Enjoy your time with the game :) /* Not a real expert just another commentater */
game-hours: 1409.0
review: The Best of the Bests
game-hours: 310.2
review: A very good game with good graphics. It is also very tactical and fun. I enjoy playing this game and I would recommend it to any gamer in the world.
game-hours: 350.7
review: one of the best GAMES ever Played !!!!
game-hours: 412.5
review: yes, its awesome
game-hours: 1687.5
review: Good Game, Nice Game , Amazing Game , and always support game
game-hours: 1094.9
review: ITS GOOD
game-hours: 2449.6
review: 100% like it
game-hours: 674.7
review: My life for this game.. i really love it..!!!! this is a very very good game!!!!
game-hours: 4294.8
review: I think this is the best game i have ever played
game-hours: 623.7
review: Ok lets get it out their we all know their are games on steam that you just have to have like TF2 or Garrys Mod but Dota 2 will soon be on that list of games. With multiple choice of heros and diffrent set of armours for them you will find youself soon becoming addicted to this game. The Gameplay can be a bit daunting at first just play the tutorial then alot of bot matches and soon you will find yourself good at the game and when you come to matches you will find yourself having trouble choosing who you will play as that game. Should i play as a carry or a nuke. Sven or beastmaster??? The game is good to play with ou having diffrent experiances each time as you play. As long as you keep changing who you play as from time to time you will come to love the game. The game is best played with friends because you can talk to each other coordinate and play as a team and even create a team in the dota game as you progress during the game and as you find out who your good at you can get armour sets for that specific character wether thats off the market place or just bought or you can even craft those itams in dota as it will give you a tutorial on how to do that to. You will be able to coach matches watch tournaments LIVE across the world from pro league to the lower leagues and as special events come and the map changes and new character are introduced to the all reddy huge list of playable character list Overall this game is FREE WTF ARE YOU LOOKING AT A REVIEW FOR GET THE GAME ITS FREE YOU SCRUB
game-hours: 332.8
review: What does a hero trully need ?! That is for you to decide !
game-hours: 1946.4
review: voobshe zaebok igra
game-hours: 789.9
review: yeah
game-hours: 302.0
review: Too good.
game-hours: 4553.3
review: Do you Even DOTO?
game-hours: 439.4
review: good game
game-hours: 871.3
review: cool
game-hours: 3368.6
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 56.1
review: After only 30 hours, i can speak fluent russian. 10/10
game-hours: 2907.3
review: My waifu can kick your waifu's
game-hours: 3773.0
review: nice
game-hours: 291.9
review: GG
game-hours: 643.6
review: 100% lifesteal !
game-hours: 689.3
review: good game so far!!!!
game-hours: 1247.3
review: :))
game-hours: 1315.1
review: from dota 1 to dota 2.. still fun to play with your friends..
game-hours: 1681.7
review: You haven't played DotA 2 yet? Well, what are you waiting for? Click that damn install button. I could go on forever talking about how amazing this game is, but I simply don't have the time. So what I will say, is that you cannot have Steam, and not play, or at least try this game.
game-hours: 699.6
review: nice game... :D
game-hours: 6.0
review: ablility to ruin your life and stuff
game-hours: 841.0
review: Good Game...>!!!!!<
game-hours: 828.2
review: INTRODUCTION Dota 2 is a game where it contradicts life and death. Dota was based on World Of Warcraft as Dota 2 is now based on itself.With new looks compared to Dota and a brand new map with much more and now even better a free to play game! POSITIVE: 1.Its graphics are amazing compared to Dota and LOL 2.It has a wonderfull variety of heroes which could be built in unlimited possibilities 3.You can either rage or laugh at the noobs who try to play Dota 2 while feeding. 4.Plenty of core items for heroes and lots of active items like Radiance and Abyssal Blade NEGATIVE: 1.The tutorial needs improvement because when i played the tutorial,it felt just like playing World Of Warcraft. 2.Need lots of experience with these games because lots of high ranked players raged at you for feeding the enemy team. 3.League Of Legends (LOL) copied this game and many other players from LOL say that Dota 2 copied them when its actually LOL who copied Dota 2 CONCLUSION This game is really addictive where funny and wtf moments meets your ways.Overall Dota2 deserves around of applause as LOL should  off because they suck. BIOGRAPHY My life of Dota 2 started as a young boy at the age of 11 who was looking through piles of games when i found something interesting.I downloaded the game and started playiing it.Years past as i played hours and hours as days past by.When i was 23,i got myfirst car and a girlfriend.When my girlfriend was wondering why i never asked her on a date, i just asked that i was busy.But 1 day i got careless and didnt hear the door open as my girlfriend came in and asked what are you doing.I thought she would break up with me but she only said what game is it?I replied with that this game was called Dota 2.When she got home she immediatly downloaded Dota 2 and started playing with me.We had so much fun until at the age of 34,where we got married and had 2 children,1 boy and 1 girl and still playing Dota2.Well now you see how much fun Dota 2 is.I wont force you to play it but i will say this,try Dota2 rather then other games because this game will give you eternal happiness. THE END
game-hours: 2130.8
review: This game made me ejaculate so violently and explosively that I blacked out, waking up two weeks later with my house being robbed and my body being stripped down completely bare. The only thing the robbers didn't take was my computer, so I dragged my crusty, naked body over to my desk and started playing Dota again.
game-hours: 882.6
review: If you play this game for a living, F**k you. If you dont play this game as a living, F**k you. Ez game Ez lyfe
game-hours: 452.4
review: ing Russians. 11/10
game-hours: 3635.9
review: Re-review. Really addictive game and will suck many hours of your life away. Recommended if you have lots of free time. Also be careful of the community as there are alot of russians on EU West servers. Also, any english-speaking people you do find tend to be harsh. Grab four friends to find the best experience. Ranked match making is amazing and very accurate (in my opinion) and gives a big purpose to the game. As you can see, i have 2600 hours (at the time of making this) and counting as this is probably one of the best games i have ever played.
game-hours: 842.1
review: Good!
game-hours: 217.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 843.6
review: I learned more Spanish from this game than I did from my Spanish teacher in highschool. 5/5 Meeps
game-hours: 173.3
review: Great game Needs more chairs
game-hours: 3724.6
review: well
game-hours: 1277.1
review: Excellent and addictive !
game-hours: 1656.8
review: nice
game-hours: 3534.3
review: Good
game-hours: 7.3
review: Best game ever!!
game-hours: 1459.0
review: The best ARTS game!!!
game-hours: 19.4
review: good
game-hours: 1502.8
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 3515.9
review: BEST GAME EVER !
game-hours: 4192.9
review: Firstly confusing then become addicting :)) The BEST Game ever!!! and it's FREE!!! though i don't play the first series :p so many heroes, so much abilities to be learned . . . EPIC it's just EPIC!!! :D
game-hours: 1046.0
review: good game
game-hours: 6.7
review: good game
game-hours: 1320.7
review: good game
game-hours: 220.1
review: cool game)))
game-hours: 2008.9
review: ao
game-hours: 849.4
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 320.6
review: It`s the number 1 game
game-hours: 931.6
review: fun game to play with friends
game-hours: 270.2
review: OK
game-hours: 1766.2
review: This game is awesome!!
game-hours: 360.0
review: Good game
game-hours: 16.2
review: one word, amazing game and it make it even better when you can get items, trade them, sell them...
game-hours: 667.1
review: Nice game..^_^
game-hours: 1413.1
review: nice
game-hours: 1313.3
review: Great Game, you should join the community and enjoy the game.
game-hours: 36.9
review: :)
game-hours: 2527.3
review: .   .
game-hours: 150.4
review: Nice game! very difficult early but after few game awesome
game-hours: 960.5
review: Do not get addicted for your own good sake....=D
game-hours: 1500.8
review: zzzzz
game-hours: 831.4
review: Recommend
game-hours: 49.0
review: Best PVP ever. I have enjoy this game like none other. Just remember, try to don't feed!!!
game-hours: 2177.2
review: GGWP
game-hours: 1699.9
review: COOL! Thumbs Up!
game-hours: 183.8
review: Excelente y gratuito. El mejor MOBA. Punto para Gaben!
game-hours: 2950.4
review: Dota =3 you just must love it! great RTS!
game-hours: 3381.4
review: nice game ever in my life <3
game-hours: 2708.8
review: best game
game-hours: 159.9
review: It is a very good game
game-hours: 513.1
review: Very good game ++++++
game-hours: 2050.5
review: Good Game Well Played.
game-hours: 1250.3
review: Awesome
game-hours: 1129.8
review: This game is way too addictive and will make you hate everyone else. Stay away from it.
game-hours: 2774.3
review: League of Legends and Dota 2 are the same thing. Play both and choose this one because I play it.
game-hours: 1063.1
review: 800 hours on record!! Awesome Moba to play with friend. much pros about this game and i think only 1 cons :/ - PINOY STRIKE :( tang ina mo... putang ina... gago... bobo... that was 4 legendary word in dota 2 :/
game-hours: 2613.7
review: good
game-hours: 336.5
review: Like
game-hours: 977.8
review: Icefrog
game-hours: 196.7
review: Nice
game-hours: 965.2
review: ...
game-hours: 1809.2
review: 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 1241.3
review: good fun with friends
game-hours: 642.5
review: LOVE this game. one of the best available on PC
game-hours: 1644.3
review: nice game! love it so much!
game-hours: 1008.6
review: Gud gam.
game-hours: 243.3
review: Good game. :)
game-hours: 744.3
review: Great game. Runs great.
game-hours: 1267.8
review: its most addictive game ever !!!
game-hours: 834.2
review: I love it!!!111!!
game-hours: 1887.7
review: 10/10
game-hours: 1769.3
review: good
game-hours: 1040.9
review: i like this game
game-hours: 1000.3
review: Good Game
game-hours: 2837.0
review: Endless online strategy game, very fun when you have learnt all items and skills.
game-hours: 938.0
review: dota 2 is a great game
game-hours: 798.1
review: gOOOOOOOOOd
game-hours: 1236.1
review: Very nice!
game-hours: 1168.8
review: Play with Russians/Pinoys who don't speak your native language and abuse voice chat. Rage and lose the game. Queue again. Repeat. 10/10 Would recommend and play again.
game-hours: 480.7
review: "play solo is just fun party more fun" you need this game on your steam it full of MOBARPG FUN FUN FUN FUN
game-hours: 203.9
review: The Best Game Ever!!!!
game-hours: 1300.4
review: dota 2
game-hours: 5053.1
review: One of the most amazing game of all the time! Thanks :)
game-hours: 38.8
review: Very interesting. Very similar to League of Legends but alot more graphical.
game-hours: 3085.8
review: good
game-hours: 2324.9
review: A must play game... Nxt level Game... GG :D
game-hours: 24.0
review: Great game, really one of the best MOBAs ive played in my life. It can be hard and really challenging sometimes, yes it cant be fair during most games but if you get the hang of it, you'll surely enjoy it.
game-hours: 1496.2
review: 447 hours into dota, couldve been spent knitting, 10/10
game-hours: 360.8
review: best game ever.
game-hours: 4077.0
review: dota 2 the best
game-hours: 1565.7
review: Icefrog and Valve's brainchild, a mix of the classic DotA-Allstars map we all know and love backed by Valve's awesome Source engine. This game will get you hooked in a couple of sessions, where each game is intensely packed with strategy and action. I guarantee you'll keep coming back for more! with it's steep learning curve it will take you hours on end to fully grasp what the game is all about, and that's what makes it so addictive, but once you learn the tools of the trade it's going to be worth it.
game-hours: 651.4
review: DOTA2 is a standalone version of the popular Warcraft 3 mod DOTA. It challenges players on a level that few games are able.
game-hours: 381.9
review: pew
game-hours: 888.6
review: addiction level: over 9000 !
game-hours: 639.4
review: My life. Where did it go?
game-hours: 1497.4
review: warcraft 3's dota has evolved into a actual time consuming game and valve made dota 2??? how can i handle all the goodness of this game
game-hours: 788.4
review: Do you know what Meth is? Dota 2 is the exact same thing you come out losing teeth, paying people for things you dont need, seemingly twitch for no reason whatsoever, and you become racist to every living thing ever created... Yup that sums up Dota 2 in a nutshell. Have fun playing guys.
game-hours: 1313.3
review: very nice
game-hours: 1689.2
review: Makes your brain work fast than ever cause you'd had to think how win the game :P
game-hours: 489.6
review: Dota 2 is a fun amazing easy to pick up and play moba with amazing rich cast of charachters abilitys lore and voice acting. And its F#cking fun! Had lots of fun! 9.8/10
game-hours: 3138.7
review: I ing hate this game 10/10.
game-hours: 834.5
review: I HOPE YOU LIKE RUSSIANS.
game-hours: 3609.6
review: HOLY MEAT! This game is like Naruto mixed with Family Guy!!!
game-hours: 989.6
review: jesus make it stop "Are the Russians really that bad?" I asked.. "They know English, right?" I asked.. I had no idea.. Otherwise, awesome game. ;)))))))
game-hours: 946.5
review: Downloaded this game. Then everyone in-game told me to uninstall it.
game-hours: 622.0
review: Will ruin your life
game-hours: 961.4
review: ,    .
game-hours: 3628.6
review: Ok
game-hours: 1033.2
review: yeah! it`s a great game so need more desing and more graphics work
game-hours: 653.3
review: This game has changed my life! When I first started, I was just a insecure, feeding support. But now! Now I am an overbearing, demanding carry. This has transfered over to my real life as well. After I had gone over the hump of being a insecure support to a demanding carry, my life has gone so much easier. My boss was like "How come you didn't get this done?" And I'm just like, "SHUT UP! YOU CAN'T TALK TO ME! I'M AWESOME AND IT IS YOUR FAULT THAT I DIDN'T GET IT DONE". Well, I was fired, but it was fine with me, cause then I had more time to play dota. And don't even get me started on relationships.
game-hours: 1944.9
review: Terrible game! Kappa
game-hours: 313.2
review: best game ever
game-hours: 3196.5
review: i liked this game, so fun and so many adventure
game-hours: 1354.0
review: Good luck, have fun
game-hours: 2488.7
review: Good game but too many peruvians
game-hours: 1448.1
review: It'll make your nipples hard.
game-hours: 1287.2
review: good
game-hours: 2793.0
review: my mum said she would by me a ps4 if i would stop playing dota now i live with my dad
game-hours: 1132.5
review: This game ruined my life! 420/420
game-hours: 703.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 535.6
review: GOOOOOOOOOOOD GAME
game-hours: 375.6
review: I LOVE DOTA 2 <3
game-hours: 2639.0
review: Best MOBA Game Ever and League Of Legends Players Certainly can't deny this fact :D If u know what I mean
game-hours: 267.5
review: hahahahaha
game-hours: 703.0
review: my liFe
game-hours: 803.7
review: best
game-hours: 1588.8
review: good game for time pass but i cant play because it is tough
game-hours: 992.0
review: Love This Game So Much
game-hours: 685.7
review: dis game good, ye
game-hours: 6078.9
review: is an upgrade from the first series .. improvement in terms of graphics, features and performance. 8.5 / 10
game-hours: 581.3
review: nice game,,,
game-hours: 1585.3
review: <3
game-hours: 740.3
review: nice rts game,it requires good tteamwork and strategy in order to win the match
game-hours: 481.1
review: Awesome!!!!! 99/10 would play...
game-hours: 1534.6
review: DIRE TIDE 2014 if u dont do this ice frog i realy leave this game *********************************************************************************************************
game-hours: 84.7
review: From an avid League player, it's a bit hard to get into and understand at first. But once you get your main role going and start to learn the hero's you can play it can get pretty fun. Until you meet Viper... /rage about one of his passives is a slow every auto attack Compared to League it has a lot less skill shots and more lock on's. However there is still a lot of skill to be had at this game, not runes or masteries, denying, and losing some gold upon death. Just make sure you don't spam your spells. Your mana pool is very low and mana regen is little to nothing early game. A very different game with not a lot to compare to, but they're both equally fun in their own way.
game-hours: 2118.9
review: If you like to have , low self esteem ,getting shouted on, crying , and right clicking than this is game is for YOU
game-hours: 594.3
review: my favourite game
game-hours: 136.5
review: a very good way to spend extra time to relax
game-hours: 1586.7
review: please fix it,,, its hard to loggin with another computer,, why that?
game-hours: 470.2
review: Just Play It!
game-hours: 635.3
review: the ABLITY DRAFT mode is sucks ! why must pick with a LINE??
game-hours: 4033.6
review: You won't enjoy this game. Ever.
game-hours: 1217.0
review: Awesome
game-hours: 37.9
review: Vborn hra o hodn lep ne prvn dl je to pln asn a jsem velice rd e jsem pozvn do bety a hra vyjde vem doporuuji koupit!!
game-hours: 959.8
review: Looking to cut yourself off from the real world? Life getting too boring for you? Or are you just simply finding for a way to throw your dull life away? Look no further, this game is the game for you. This game promises you hours of fun on end. You fight in a team to claim victory over the enemy team's Ancient, hence the title "Defence of the Ancients". Some heroes are easily grasped, making it easy for beginners to learn the basics. Once you start getting the hang of things and master the basics, there are a hundred other heroes to learn and master. Personally, this game has ruined my life. With about 400 hours of gameplay, my grades have dropped, I have no time to hang out with friends anymore, my family hates me because I'm always in my room, you name it, I'm probably there right now. But I've never been happier in my life. Girlfriend? Sorry, I don't know what that is.
game-hours: 1512.0
review: if u have not played DOTA2 then u have played nothing till now :D
game-hours: 1479.6
review: love dota
game-hours: 1375.8
review: nice game btw
game-hours: 1005.9
review: its awesome.,!!! .,it is my favorite game in online
game-hours: 922.8
review: Nice
game-hours: 3983.0
review: Best game ever!!
game-hours: 1710.4
review: Ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 1541.1
review: best game i ever play since i was a kid.
game-hours: 856.3
review: Great strategic game
game-hours: 57.9
review: it's ok
game-hours: 911.1
review: yes please
game-hours: 1333.4
review: Just addicted, from DotA time to dota 2.
game-hours: 228.7
review: I charge into battle as a knight and stab a few creeps and I turn into a dragon.Then I get shot by sniper a few times and die before I knew where the sniper was.10/10~Ign "You can't find this in any other game!"
game-hours: 94.7
review: DOTA (Defence of the Ancients) A game of Strategy. This game revolves around one team trying to destroy another teams ancient (to do that players must destroy towers in corresponding order). the game consists of 107 heroes currently (there are still 5 more heroes to be developed; 112 heroes, just incase you forgot how to math) This game is also free, so why not give it a try?! (ofcourse there is a shop in which you buy vanities for heroes, loading screens, renaming tools and various items)
game-hours: 1517.0
review: ,   ,
game-hours: 1221.1
review: Omg yes
game-hours: 437.6
review: good feed pa more
game-hours: 1770.1
review: You start playing this game you will never regret
game-hours: 1363.7
review: MOBA . League of Legends    .  : 10/10
game-hours: 778.7
review: Best Game
game-hours: 10.6
review: Fun, Free and even more Fun
game-hours: 1792.7
review: amazing game
game-hours: 1106.3
review: Everyone yells at you !
game-hours: 174.0
review: I like this game!
game-hours: 1117.9
review: This game is amazing and it's way better than LoL. IT IS AWEOSME SFGETEGSGF GET IT
game-hours: 3258.5
review: Spent all my free time on this game. EZ GAME EZ LIFE! Highly Recommended
game-hours: 2041.9
review: such a skill gaming
game-hours: 128.6
review: nice!
game-hours: 1210.4
review: very very great game! this is my favorite pc game of all time
game-hours: 206.7
review: nice !
game-hours: 354.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 164.0
review: Classic game. People who like MOBA's will like this. It would be good if it had a "Surrender" or "Concede button."
game-hours: 1081.0
review: It's perfect!
game-hours: 621.1
review: :)
game-hours: 680.7
review: very addictive !
game-hours: 385.5
review: Coolest game ever. keep it up gys!
game-hours: 0.9
review: nice
game-hours: 2382.8
review: nice
game-hours: 1545.4
review: Great game
game-hours: 1720.7
review: Moba of the year
game-hours: 1592.7
review: NICE GAME
game-hours: 856.2
review: Sir plsssss back my item from the hackers of my account... 10 Nov You traded with gnhqtcx32. 2:39pm Inscribed Heir's Glance, ''ang pako ni drow'', Grampa Sharpie's Shin Shooter, Hat of The Howling Wolf, Ahm'Hedoq the Maw, Pudgling, Glaive of the Lucent Rider, Announcer: Axe, Scorching Wings of Incantation
game-hours: 534.9
review: the game my favourite
game-hours: 2037.9
review: Really "FUN" and competitve game.Play if you want to be a racisist and/or you love russia. Here's an example: ME:Stun now!! The russian:  ME:ing russians.
game-hours: 1521.8
review: If you're a gamer, you would probably have heard of the term MOBA which stands for Multiplayer Online Battle Arena and one of the games leading the way in that genre is DotA since that's where it basically all began. DotA 2 is a direct sequel to the original bringing us updated graphics and easier controls making the already difficult game a bit more accessible to newer people for the genre. This game is very much like a sport in which it requires lots of strategies and team-coordination in order to win. However, much like a sport, it requires time and patience to hone your skills in order to be good at it so if you're willing to put the effort into it, DotA 2 can be an extremely enjoyable and satisfying experience for you. Just be wary that there are a considerable number of players in the community who can be considered 'toxic' and can be very unfriendly. If you can somehow try to avoid them as much as possible (e.g. only playing with friends you know), you're going to have a blast with this game. Good luck and Have fun :)
game-hours: 392.9
review: So good and exciting game, u must try it!
game-hours: 5239.3
review: Dota2 is good!
game-hours: 571.0
review: verry good game
game-hours: 109.4
review: lol
game-hours: 2032.8
review: Freaking awesome game
game-hours: 2629.6
review: What you THINK you do in Dota 2: - Meet friendly people - Learn new heroes - Have fun What you ACTUALLY do in Dota 2: - Get screamed at - Sworn at - Play with the only hero you are confident and comfortable with - People saying " UNINSTALL YOU ING RUSSIAN " - Or "AHAHAHA PUTANGINA" (God damned Pinoys) - Feed in the game - NOT have fun - Learn a new hero and SUCK at it - Pick up a dagon to get kills for self-confidence and trashtalking - Denying the Aegis when your team has the lead - Last but not least, learn new languages 10/10
game-hours: 769.4
review: =Really Cool ..xD noobs hahahaha
game-hours: 1598.1
review: I had always been a supporter of dota ever since dota 5.84c was launched on blizzard. The best game ever.
game-hours: 791.7
review: that's so great! i like it
game-hours: 10.9
review: Wow.
game-hours: 811.8
review: Good game. Nice Game.
game-hours: 1809.9
review: great
game-hours: 117.0
review: Nice Game --
game-hours: 372.9
review: i like everything in this game but there is something in Dota2Lounge i dont like its the rep thing some of those who have high rep can easily -rep those people they dislike
game-hours: 44.4
review: This game is AWESOME!!!
game-hours: 1683.0
review: About 90% of games have people not playing their roles, 80% have disconnections/leavers and about 50% have feeders or otherwise deliberate game sabotagers. This leaves 1% of all games actually being enjoyed as they should be. Most of the game is rote learning of the map, heros, items and recipes and tactics. Communication and timing are key with almost no strategy involved. Pubs rarely have any communication if they even speak your language. Lots of bugs, devs rather add emoticons than fix basic gameplay issues.
game-hours: 1042.0
review: never boring to play this game.. never :)
game-hours: 653.5
review: Play this game. ! :D This is awesome!
game-hours: 657.5
review: -_-
game-hours: 7.3
review: Genial
game-hours: 1962.1
review: it will be really addicitive if u don't control ur self.
game-hours: 1489.8
review: mc!!!
game-hours: 606.1
review: Who hasnt played a MOBA in their life even if just one game. Dota 2 takes that to next level with graphics and gameplay strategies and the punishment of even dying once :P. This is truly the real MOBA experience in my opinion, it has all elements needed to make you keep coming back to it and in my case I have bought soo many other games but I still just keep coming back to Dota 2 and atleast make sure to play one game per day.
game-hours: 461.6
review: Dota 2 is my favorite game that I have ever played. This MOBA has so many heroes to choose from but I would like to see a balance is the heroes.
game-hours: 1555.6
review: more drop item please
game-hours: 37.5
review: Quaeda    300  .             .         .                    .                 .                 IP           .          .    .                      .                                   .               ""             .             .          .    .
game-hours: 201.4
review: a very cool game :)
game-hours: 870.2
review: WE WIN, WE LOSE, WE LAUGH, WE CRY, WE F*C* THOSE  UP, WE DEFEND FOR THE TEAM, WE ATTACK THEIR F**KIN' TOWER, WE DENY OUR FREAKIN' TOWER... whatever we are, we still play DOTA 2! *don't play if you have WC, okay?
game-hours: 2822.7
review: Better play some ol' good WC3 doto.
game-hours: 1329.0
review: ,     !
game-hours: 657.0
review: Awesome Game :D
game-hours: 3.9
review: It is  trust me
game-hours: 351.0
review: I discovered that russian is an insult
game-hours: 3081.8
review: *WARNING* PLAYING TIS GAME WILL MAKE U A RACIST
game-hours: 999.2
review: Awesome!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 59.9
review: very well
game-hours: 2038.4
review: It is almost as good as Hello Kitty Online.
game-hours: 567.4
review: dont play it if you want to save your life
game-hours: 210.5
review: If you want to lose everything in your life, this game is for you!
game-hours: 674.7
review: My life for this game.. i really love it..!!!! this is a very very good game!!!!
game-hours: 4294.8
review: I think this is the best game i have ever played
game-hours: 280.5
review: Time consuming GAME! FUN! Strategic! addictive!
game-hours: 814.0
review: AMZING
game-hours: 2387.3
review: good
game-hours: 214.1
review: great game
game-hours: 1211.5
review: good one
game-hours: 984.2
review: The best MOBA game avalible right now. LoL is a much more relaxed gameplay and Dota has much more going on in game. This isn't good or bad, I think it's just playstyle. However Dota is made by IceFrog and Valve, some of the greatest developers together. You also have to admit Dota has a better interface than LoL. Riot games doesn't have much reputation other than LoL, and I trust Valve. Great RTS we have here on STEAM. Thanks.
game-hours: 1181.6
review: this game is epix get it
game-hours: 302.3
review: Recommending to people who want to break friendships and hearts. This game is a savage manifestation of everything that is evil and spiteful.
game-hours: 691.5
review: hero fight creep
game-hours: 1304.3
review: Good
game-hours: 197.6
review: nice
game-hours: 1487.7
review: hats
game-hours: 426.9
review: This was awsome! It seemed we were on a weaker balance but with nice tactics and good timing of pushing and defending we were able to take out the game. Players are somehow a bit too extravagant on using this sensitive word "Noob" when they believe the other player failed to comply of what he had wished. However, blaming comes naturally in a game for winning and losing. At least no other bad words came out. It was a good one generally. Cheers,
game-hours: 1503.2
review: ITS NICE!
game-hours: 1.9
review: xaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxa
game-hours: 832.3
review: DO NOT MISS THIS ONE OUT!
game-hours: 988.4
review: BEST GAME
game-hours: 5094.3
review: !!!
game-hours: 154.5
review: Awesome :D
game-hours: 1265.0
review: a very well planned game...
game-hours: 1543.6
review: I love dota 2
game-hours: 1302.0
review: this is a game where everyone losses their minds
game-hours: 168.8
review: The Best MOBA Steam has to offer. This is how all F2P games should be like. No compromise on gaming experience
game-hours: 513.3
review: its good
game-hours: 1122.5
review: VERY SEXY I TELL YOU! DOTA 2 is probably the most widely played multiplayer game online due to a reason. And that reason is that DOTA 2 is SEXY. Fullstop.
game-hours: 707.2
review: I love this game :)))
game-hours: 1134.9
review: Dota 2 ^^
game-hours: 2214.8
review: Dota 2 is a multiplayer online battle arena game; its gameplay focuses on combat in a three-dimensional environment, presented from an oblique high-angle perspective.
game-hours: 811.0
review: I've always wanted to learn russian and now i can, all thanks to DOTA 2. There is no other game that teaches you this much russian. GIFF ME MANA
game-hours: 1435.1
review: Great Game
game-hours: 281.5
review: Dota 2 best game
game-hours: 2763.5
review: i like dota 2 :*
game-hours: 370.4
review: this is cool and enjoyeble game
game-hours: 27.3
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 798.6
review: no one wanna stick, lol....
game-hours: 754.0
review: asdasda
game-hours: 1224.5
review: Best Game ever Must Play <3 Ohh heyy Dont Play Or you will be addicted :P
game-hours: 1224.2
review: -_-
game-hours: 95.6
review: cuma post
game-hours: 895.6
review: I will recommend this to my friends because it is fun and lots epic fails or funny moments XD
game-hours: 1400.3
review: My parents hate me, my grades are horrid, and my girlfriend left me. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 322.2
review: multiplayer online battle arena video game and the stand-alone sequel to the Defense of the Ancients Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos and Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne mod
game-hours: 1361.6
review: Awesome game,i recommend everyone to play it.
game-hours: 2967.5
review: Don't play this game
game-hours: 699.6
review: best free game ever .Try it!!!
game-hours: 888.1
review: dota is an amazing game it never seizures to amaze me
game-hours: 1154.8
review: DotA<3
game-hours: 463.4
review: recommended this game coeg
game-hours: 34.6
review: goodgood
game-hours: 1491.9
review: The best patience rater in the world, as well as being a good language quiz simulator where you have to guess what your teammates are saying without being given the answer at all! You better get one now, or else the stock'll run out when hell freezes over!!
game-hours: 1077.0
review: Very Awesome Game :)
game-hours: 739.0
review: Good mid laner and he carry us every game. (y)
game-hours: 914.2
review: The best MOBA Game ever made.
game-hours: 4195.2
review: Da Best!
game-hours: 4505.8
review: Nice Game Ever
game-hours: 2845.8
review: You will never be good at this game, you will merely be less bad. It is fun trying to be less bad though.
game-hours: 2406.1
review: Racist Simulator 2014. 11/10
game-hours: 630.1
review: 10/10
game-hours: 78.9
review: Good MOBA Game. Bad Community
game-hours: 316.1
review: competitive gaming like dota2 is good for players like us and me :)
game-hours: 1667.0
review: amazing game :D
game-hours: 317.6
review: SUPER DUPPER LOVE THIS GAME !!
game-hours: 458.1
review: This is a Great game but sometimes i meet many rude and noob player otherwise some or them also quite friendly , anyway Dota 2 still a very nice game hope this game will more be like by other ^^
game-hours: 220.7
review: ss
game-hours: 180.7
review: Awesome MOBA! I have tried League of Legends too for a couple years, but having a much better blast in this game! LoL is uninstalled.
game-hours: 352.3
review: I recommend it to everybody in the world of this game
game-hours: 773.1
review: GG.. kick those lots of abandon!!
game-hours: 381.7
review: Very good.
game-hours: 605.2
review: good game
game-hours: 1138.1
review: BETS GAME EVER
game-hours: 788.0
review: Chat in every game Newbie098:How to wards?? Alphafeeder:Mid or I feed Huehue:  my team (Player has been disconnected)
game-hours: 1595.9
review: This is the best game ever
game-hours: 773.9
review: -
game-hours: 3785.2
review: Amazing game...
game-hours: 631.7
review: DNIWEM  !
game-hours: 520.6
review: This is my life now <3
game-hours: 351.9
review: (y)
game-hours: 2898.1
review: its ok
game-hours: 1066.0
review: A Very Nice MMO-RPG , real challenge
game-hours: 1271.6
review: AWESOME GAME !!!!
game-hours: 746.0
review: :3
game-hours: 1454.3
review: this game is good
game-hours: 112.8
review: Pretty good
game-hours: 1409.3
review: This game is good .. strategic and good for learning good english.... This game is Fun and Good to play tho :D!!
game-hours: 430.7
review: GOOD GAME I LOVE IT
game-hours: 843.2
review: i liked this game =)
game-hours: 837.8
review: 10/10 would troll again
game-hours: 2066.7
review: gg
game-hours: 778.0
review: lol
game-hours: 0.4
review: Best game ever! Thumbs up!
game-hours: 294.8
review: the best moba game to play
game-hours: 766.1
review: Dota 2 Ruined My Life ^_^
game-hours: 3017.5
review: So of my time playing it all i have to say is ...Holy  !!!! :D Its a skillful game that you have to master and that isnt easy.But even so its fun and addicting and its made by valve :D everybody loves valve :D and by the guy who originally worked on dota 1. Packed with amazing heros from dota 1 and new ones coming that keeps it new and fresh.And all is updated and fixed ,and balanced in valve style again ;) Now that its out you have NO RESON to not try it.It might be hard to get into but the tutorials and bot games will get you into it pretty quick.And the first real games are going to be the hardest but everyone has to go though it. Keep in mind that the community is harsh to new players and russians, but do not let it get to you as its not as bad as it sounds. Overall a great game that with a little time spent will become your favorite game of all time and then the only problem will be to stop playing :D Recommended to play with friends for some co-op team play and greastest .experience
game-hours: 594.7
review: its my best game at EVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEER
game-hours: 346.5
review: For some reason, this game features clearly possessed demonic creatures endlessly slaughtering one another. Not appropraite for kids!!! 6.9/10, would play again.
game-hours: 1070.7
review: So Great
game-hours: 2004.0
review: Free to play and it's AMAZING and AWESOME game.
game-hours: 2694.4
review: Ruined my life. 10/10 Would get addicted again.
game-hours: 2577.2
review: so pra conquista njos
game-hours: 181.4
review: DOTA - Me4Ta ZADROTA :DD
game-hours: 4408.1
review: best game in the world
game-hours: 857.7
review: I recommend this to all my friends.
game-hours: 109.7
review: a
game-hours: 2623.0
review: I would like to play this game
game-hours: 441.6
review: The harder version of League of Legends.
game-hours: 754.3
review: i recomend this game for being nice game.
game-hours: 1324.5
review: stress
game-hours: 260.8
review: Better than LoL in my opinion.
game-hours: 1110.5
review: Dota 2, where teamwork is laughable and everyone is Russian. 10/10
game-hours: 952.9
review: The game is so addicting that I eventually had to force myself to uninstall it for awhile so I can do other things in life. Take that as you will. If you never played Dota before (or any moba) and are interested in trying it out, please refer to noob guides online (Purge...or just google "Dota 2 noob guide"). The in-game Dota tutorial is not complete (but you should do it because, hey, it's better than nothing). Be prepared to endure abuse in pubs once you start actually playing. Don't worry, you'll grow immune to it over time. And it is worth it. The game is so satisfying once you've grasped the fundamentals and hereos. The more you play, you began to realize just how deep this game is. Over a hundered hours into the game and I was still learning. Both the depth and variation in gameplay (due to hero selection at the start of each match...and there are 108 of them at the time of this writing) contribute to the addictive nature of Dota. Recommended for those into mobas and strategy games. Not recommended for casual gamers. After playing this, I've discovered that lifestealer has two meanings. It's a hero in the game and it's Dota 2 itself. You have been warned.
game-hours: 5.1
review: eh
game-hours: 4505.6
review: dont ruin your life
game-hours: 2829.7
review: Best MOBA ever
game-hours: 1352.3
review: nz game
game-hours: 952.2
review: if you're new player...make sure to play single like 999999999999999x before searching match or what we call...multiplayer...when one new player refuse to go singleplay 1st...u will be called NOOB, F*GS, FEEDER, STUPID, KIDDIES, PINOY, and a lot of bad stuff that will make you insanely mad while multi-playing....u uninstall the game and say bad things about it...make your life easier by having some friends training with you and teaching you stuff if they are a dota2 player...if not then its true...you're just....NOOB...thats all...btw its just a game
game-hours: 2036.5
review: BEST FREE TO PLAY GAME EVER.!
game-hours: 513.2
review: Well I do Like it all
game-hours: 2393.1
review: !
game-hours: 416.9
review: BEST MOBA GAME EVER
game-hours: 1402.7
review: wow such game much fun very recommend
game-hours: 1444.0
review: this is awesome!
game-hours: 2373.2
review: Dota 2: This game is a creative, interesting and complex Multiplayer Online Battle Arena, but suffers in some areas as well (more on that later). My recommendation is to give it a try to see if you like it, because it's completely free to play. Positives: + The most important of all, this game is quite fun. + The intricacy of Dota 2 is a standout feature. There's a huge number of heroes to select, with strength, agility and intelligence characters. Each have different types of abilites for unique situations. This gives Dota 2 massive variety. Every hero has a role to play in the game, whether you're supporting teammates with buffs and heals or disabling enemies by slowing or stunning them. Other heroes do more damage per second, so they can carry the team. There's a lot of flexibility here so each game can differ. The battles can become hectic and tactical, with enemies trying to ambush others from fogged areas of the map. There is definitely an art to it and skill involved. + Each hero can purchase items to boost their attack speed, armour, health regeneration, damage, movement speed and other attributes. These additional stats aid you in fighting your foes and escaping swiftly, providing another layer of decision making to the game. + Free to play, which is always welcome. Won't cost you any money and you can keep playing forever if you enjoy it. + Dota 2 has a massive community behind it, so there's always a game available to join. Negatives: - The map layout can become repetitive and boring on occasions. The same map is played every single game, no exceptions, which can get tiresome and tedious. There's 3 lanes and you level your hero by attacking enemy units. You do this over and over, for each match, assigning skill points to your abilities. The early gameplay consists of carefully running back and forth within attack range of enemy heroes, trying to 'last hit' creeps for gold. - Some members of the Dota 2 community are abusive or just plain immature. While this can easily be ignored, it doesn't create a welcoming atmosphere in the game. Now and again you'll get someone who whines about how pro they are and puts the team down, despite playing badly themselves. - The graphics are superior to any other MOBA game, but they are still very cartoonish and ugly. Highly unappealing. Overall Score: 8/10 A solid, fun game that involves true teamwork. It has a few downfalls, but will still entertain you.
game-hours: 960.2
review: This game is so awesome. A game of tactics and strategy. Best game I've ever played in my life.
game-hours: 976.8
review: ufack yata kfrbaz ve sinir hastas etti saolsun
game-hours: 3451.9
review: A game that is easy to begin playing,but hard to master Dota 2 is the perfect example of what makes MOBA games fun. Endless gamemode updates and hero changes keep the game fresh for the old players,and exciting for the new. Perfect Blend of RTS + RPG gameplay. I recommend playing with a friend. (Or 4,if you have them)
game-hours: 712.6
review: GREAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT GAME!! play it guys.
game-hours: 1156.7
review: best
game-hours: 1256.7
review: Simply this...
game-hours: 1007.7
review: like it
game-hours: 1391.9
review: It's a very cometative game which pits you against 5 heroes. You must work with your teammates to overcome such odds, though you'll likely fail the first couple of times.
game-hours: 1038.4
review: its very cool game !!! :)
game-hours: 2848.4
review: very good game with a lot of feature.. item set good graphic.
game-hours: 1564.5
review: cool game, a bit of multiple elements. Some strategy, strong micromanagement, teamplay makes and breaks the games. With an element of RPG. And its FREE!! What more u need? Get in here!!
game-hours: 1520.2
review: Welcome to Dota 2, The game is officially publish to play, I play this game since beta. I like this game.
game-hours: 897.4
review: good
game-hours: 1983.6
review: Lets the battle begin.....
game-hours: 2375.2
review: The good thing is that the legacy of DotA was preserved, but the things that needed improvements were fixed.
game-hours: 215.3
review: i want try hard meepo !
game-hours: 1247.7
review: No words to describe! Just awesome!!!
game-hours: 1892.6
review: si esta bien chulo
game-hours: 1680.0
review: Addicting
game-hours: 277.8
review: DOTA 2 IS LIFE
game-hours: 568.6
review: Dota 2 is a learning game. It's a game about how good you are "relatively". Everyone is terrible at Dota, (you can't help it) all that matter is how good you are, relative to how good your enemy is. I like Dota because it keeps me saying stuff like "Wait, that can happen?" and "Oh, that's how that works." on a daily baisis. There's always more to learn. The complexity of this game is so deep that you can't possibly expect to know all there is to know. You will never come across the same scenario twice, maybe the same team oor enemy team, but never the same items, gold skill levels, couldowns, mana and health levels etc. The point is, Dota 2 is a game that you play to have fun and just because you're not as good as you'd like to be doesn't mean you're not good at Dota. ~Thank you "Three Lane Highway" for insight into what kind of a game Dota 2 really is.~
game-hours: 337.1
review: Good Game
game-hours: 672.0
review: I love this game get it . This game is awesome
game-hours: 868.4
review: Very Fun
game-hours: 1120.4
review: This is nice game strategy and team work
game-hours: 1465.6
review: Good Game
game-hours: 2223.1
review: Better then LOL
game-hours: 665.6
review: This game made me bigoted torwards Peruvians.
game-hours: 1758.0
review: THIS GAMNE IS AWESOME
game-hours: 4621.7
review: Probably, it is not just the best game ever created but also the worst addiction. Edit: It's just an addiction.
game-hours: 938.1
review: r8 8/8
game-hours: 4417.2
review: well played good game
game-hours: 1099.0
review: Epic game!!! All must try it!!!!
game-hours: 361.1
review: An awesome game to play with friends and as its more competetive now a days its even better to go pro and show the world how good you or your team is...........MUST PLAY !!
game-hours: 1063.4
review: Dota 2 is a strategic game that helps me to ease my boredom everyday i recommend this to other gamers to play this game
game-hours: 995.2
review: cool
game-hours: 909.2
review: Beest game ever..
game-hours: 463.7
review: goodgame
game-hours: 2577.2
review: so pra conquista njos
game-hours: 181.4
review: DOTA - Me4Ta ZADROTA :DD
game-hours: 4408.1
review: best game in the world
game-hours: 857.7
review: I recommend this to all my friends.
game-hours: 109.7
review: a
game-hours: 2623.2
review: I would like to play this game
game-hours: 441.6
review: The harder version of League of Legends.
game-hours: 754.3
review: i recomend this game for being nice game.
game-hours: 1324.5
review: stress
game-hours: 260.8
review: Better than LoL in my opinion.
game-hours: 672.0
review: awe.
game-hours: 944.8
review: i like this game!!! :)
game-hours: 668.4
review: aaa
game-hours: 593.3
review: Awesome game, very fun to play especially with some friends.
game-hours: 139.6
review: Highly enjoyable, very team oriented. Good way to spend 30-45 minutes. Every game is different.
game-hours: 2692.4
review: good game
game-hours: 3341.1
review: Nice game... But waste money...
game-hours: 1133.6
review: This game has absolutely destroyed my eyesight and my social life. Now when i go out, i utter random russian words such as "" and "blyat" at passing strangers, meaning i can no longer go out to the mall with my friends without offending people. Also, playing with pinoys has taught me that the majority of them always say "bobo" and that the SEA server is full of ignorant s. Apart from that, this game is fantastatic, and i'd recommend it to anyone willing to die a sad and lonely death
game-hours: 1321.5
review: like
game-hours: 412.6
review: READ ME !! It doesnt matter how good you are at Dota 2 now. At some point you were a noob. Weve all been there. Some get out quicker, others stay longer, and some others are still there. At some point, youll encounter them as opponents or as teammates. However, not all noobs are new to the game. Some just play like they are. Check out the different kinds of noobs youll encounter in Dota 2. 1. The know-it-all noob Hes new to the game, but for some reason, he acts and talks like he knows everything, though he has nothing to show for it. Sometimes, hes the most learned guy in his circle of noob friends and has brought this attitude over when interacting with you. Other times, hes just trying to bluff to look like hes less of a noob. If youre this guy, stop bluffing. We know you know nothing. That Desolator sitting beside the Helm of the Dominator on your Drow Ranger says it all. Signature quote: I know!! 2. The veteran noob Hes been playing this game for so long, youre not sure how he doesnt know the basics yet. On a scale of one to ten, his level of map awareness is blind and his ability to read a game is abysmal. Hell pick a Nightstalker that farms the jungle during night time because hes faster. After a hundred games with Sven, he still forgets to activate Warcry. He will attempt to force team fights when the rest of you are trying to push or will decide to push a lane when a team fight is about to break. (This things that  off carry players in Dota 2) What makes this worse is if hes the talkative type. He makes weird calls based on experience, which often dont make sense. And he also has an excuse for every single mistake he makes: The monitor is too bright, my eyesight is affected., This isnt the monitor resolution Im used to., The airconditioning is too cold, my fingers are getting numb., I had no mana (when he did)., It was on cooldown (when it wasnt). Signature quote: I was able to do it last time. When I wasnt with you. 3. The exotic noob Of course, trying out different things is okay and can actually help you discover new things. The exotic noob, however, tries to be different way before he tries what is considered normal. If the norm is to farm a Battlefury on Anti-Mage, hes going to build something else. Like Force Staff! So he can chase faster with twice the distance. Theyre never going to expect that! The main goal here is to be different. Making sense comes second. Or third. Signature quote: I have my reasons. Youll see. 4. The panic noob The name says it all. The panic noob often only shows his true colors during teamfights. Hes okay during the laning phase, but once he gets ganked or when a team fight breaks out, he becomes so overwhelmed and excited that he ends up doing nothing right or everything wrong. Dont be harsh to this noob. Thatll just make him panic more. Signature quote: Wheres the cursor!? Wait, where am I!? 5. The spectator noob Like the panic noob, this kind of noob only appears during team fights and skirmishes regardless of whether hes part of them or not. When a fight breaks out, he stops what hes doing and checks out whats going on. He watches the teamfight and forgets to control his hero, which is now either standing in the middle of nowhere or dropping really low, really fast (if not dead yet). Signature quote: Oh, sh*t, my hero! 6. The noob from another game This guy takes note of how many different aspects of Dota 2 are unlike League of Legends (LoL) or Heroes of Newerth (HoN). He can even note how Starcraft II is so much better than this genre. The most famous variant of this noob is the one that complains a lot about this game not being his preferred game and expects you to take that as a good reason for mouthing off or calling your mother names. However, I must point out that theres a second variant of this noob; the one that comes in peace, is curious, and has stepped out of his comfort zone so he can see for himself what was up. Be nice to this guy. He might refer to heroes as champions, but he means no harm. Signature quote: Its so different from (insert game name here) because there, we (insert whatever it is they do in another game) ( Weekend time waster: this is what happens when a League of Legends player tries Dota 2) 7. The legit noob The actual novice. He can not only be new to Dota 2, but also to MOBA gaming. And if youre unlucky, he just might be new to gaming, too. GLHF! Signature quote: (A ton of questions or nothing at all) So did any of the items on the list remind you of a friend or some random person you met in pub matchmaking? Or did it perhaps remind you of your former (or dare I say current) self? If it did, dont worry. We wont judge you because we were all once noobs, too. OK this is a LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONG post BUT i want you to close your eyes , then imagine a BIG MULTI COLORED POTATO............. (cuz we cannot put a picture in the review section =3 hava a good day =)
game-hours: 1108.7
review: 800+ hours and I still suck 10/10 would rage again
game-hours: 1761.8
review: goog games in the year
game-hours: 729.8
review: good game
game-hours: 2233.2
review: ruined my life and my friendship with other people , definitely recommended 99999/10
game-hours: 88.9
review: fun
game-hours: 4779.3
review: Game is hard.
game-hours: 1368.8
review: Wave goodbye to your soul!
game-hours: 766.6
review: Amazing Game
game-hours: 605.4
review: best game evaaaa
game-hours: 1197.6
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 47.6
review: KURWA everywhere
game-hours: 4057.5
review: I  russian kids without facing any legal consequences. 10/10 would  again
game-hours: 1715.8
review: i love dota. it is second life of my.
game-hours: 2141.9
review: great. Dota is life. Fukin get this . Better yet ask me for it and you cna have it. I aint evn made
game-hours: 934.4
review: i really like this game.. i love it like my boy friend :)
game-hours: 1536.1
review: brilliant!!
game-hours: 892.4
review: It gives much fun and it measure you how wise and smart you are..
game-hours: 10.0
review: Decent.
game-hours: 1576.0
review: Meh
game-hours: 777.1
review: this is ing awesome!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 347.1
review: Geiles Spiel man muss es einmal gespielt haben um zu sehen wie viel spass es macht nie gedacht das ein Free to Play game so Fun machen kann ich suchte das einfach das Spiel hat ein gewisses etwas was ich nicht beschreiben kann aber leute wie mich zum suchten bringt :D DOTA 2 FTW Sag ich nur !!! =)))
game-hours: 1988.8
review: DOTA 2. BEST GAME!
game-hours: 1230.0
review: Russian/10
game-hours: 627.3
review: Ya, this is rad game!!! And Free!!!
game-hours: 1403.7
review: Brilliant game, lots of variety
game-hours: 992.9
review: this is good
game-hours: 4563.2
review: this game sucks
game-hours: 103.0
review: Like league of legends, but just a little different
game-hours: 2486.1
review: Nyc Game... Njoying Playing It... Really Awesome And Addicted..
game-hours: 1719.1
review: The game that i played MOST ! ! ! !
game-hours: 1671.7
review: its good game :) ty steam
game-hours: 199.7
review: Fix some items, more different heroes, fix turret aggro, clearly define which items are good for each hero
game-hours: 236.8
review: It's so great that I am selling my League of Legends account
game-hours: 2563.3
review: So far the best PvP Online Strategy game.!
game-hours: 380.9
review: "I just played this game less than a day, and I already know the basics and fundimentals of Russian. Rosseta stone and Instant Immersion just didn't cut out. And this is free! and all I did was lose my self-esteem!, social life, basic Teamwork and communication skills, and my wallet!" -Some Random Loser on the internet
game-hours: 164.2
review: good
game-hours: 1420.8
review: I am Gonna Keep This Review Shot and Simple Dota 2...Best Game I have ever Played.. When i Got Introduced to this game i had to abandon all other games,Dota takes you to an hole other level i dont play a lot of multiplayer games but damn this is the best multiplayer game so far,and the best part of this is dota 2 is it dsnt end here,it keeps on evolving from time to time adding new features,fixing bugs and what not The graphics of this dota 2 is great,awesome music when in and out of battle,Dota 2 keep u at the edge of your seat, The gameplay of this game is too good one wrong decision and the game could go around, Team communication is crucial ,One team mate screws up and its game over, Overall if i have to rate this i would give it a 9/10 cause of one reason as now leveling up is pointless and dsnt matter and no often item drops which is sad but it shldnt matter much,I would Recommend This game and believe me once u start playing you are never going to stop!!
game-hours: 1185.7
review: WAT U WAN JUST A  BADGE LEADER TELLING ME TO DO THIS ING
game-hours: 911.6
review: cool game
game-hours: 1412.4
review: Will ruin your whole life because you will prioritize playing than interacting. A must play.
game-hours: 1635.8
review: Try it out, its free and badass!
game-hours: 2730.8
review: Stupid game
game-hours: 1571.2
review: asdgagagasd
game-hours: 865.7
review: Enjoy this game, but please make it more stable in Mac OS
game-hours: 52.7
review: game hay vl
game-hours: 826.0
review: Best game ever !!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 175.8
review: It is a fantastic game! so many ausome characters to play as for free that you will want to spend money on it just because it deserves your money for being so good! There are countless stratagies to try and master and there is always something else to learn by playing. 10/10
game-hours: 2531.6
review: Playing it for 5 years.. still takes my nerves as day 1! Definitely reccomend!
game-hours: 525.9
review: Lol.. this is dota
game-hours: 2007.2
review: Its very fun playing with strategy and cooperate with teammate. Team communication plays a huge role in order to win the game. This can definitely train your reaction time and instant decision skills where anything could happen to your in-game hero anytime. It also teaches how to counter a specific hero pick and item bought which can brought into real life senario.
game-hours: 2312.0
review: <3
game-hours: 1633.2
review: Dota, The best russian simulator out there.
game-hours: 663.6
review: can you make the arc warden?
game-hours: 541.6
review: Best moba ever.
game-hours: 1347.5
review: i like it
game-hours: 647.2
review: A Really Good Game!!!This is my favorite Game!!
game-hours: 527.0
review: Very great game
game-hours: 1311.3
review: Its unconventional, non-violent subject matter and gameplay also skilfully and confidently prove that not all games need an "attack" button to be enjoyable and interesting -- and given the growing sense of weariness a lot of us have been feeling with super-violent experiences, that's something that should be celebrated.
game-hours: 195.7
review: Love the game so addictive. mostly friendly people on there a few idiots but thats to be expected all in all really good
game-hours: 379.4
review: Im Pro !
game-hours: 132.6
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 538.2
review: I dont like noob player
game-hours: 515.6
review: Great Strategy game. :)
game-hours: 282.3
review: I really like dota 2.
game-hours: 1544.9
review: Gogogogo
game-hours: 1051.6
review: Install dat game :D
game-hours: 2261.0
review: Dota2 > LOL
game-hours: 448.9
review: gud gud gud
game-hours: 47.4
review: 10/10 it's ok.jpg
game-hours: 2252.8
review: perfect game
game-hours: 57.2
review: good
game-hours: 186.1
review: Nice game :)
game-hours: 233.4
review: If you are planing on having kids and spending time with them, and your wife dont download this game, I repeat do not download this game. This game ruined my life. I was a kid going to school having good grades playing basketball, living healthy life. One day my friend says do you play dota 2? I ask whats that, and he says its a very cool game. So I tryed it and I liked it. Three years ago I first played this game and now I m still on to it..I just regret the thing there is not german people, bcuz I study german at school. I allready speak russian, spanish, polish. Those 3 nations will get you so mad you wont believe how mad you are. So as I said..I m just stuck with this game so I worned you. Dota 2 in Heart !!!
game-hours: 285.0
review: This game is awesome. You may hate it to start off, but I know from experience that in this game, everyone's in the same can of beans- everyone starts off without knowing what the f**k the're meant to be doing. Took me 25 games until the game started telling me I was godlike. As in, before that I was awful. Play it. You know you don't want to. But once you start... THERES NO GOING BACK.
game-hours: 681.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 1464.7
review: wew
game-hours: 3079.2
review: Play this game until be like Dendi!
game-hours: 2521.5
review: greatest game ever
game-hours: 482.0
review: nice
game-hours: 400.1
review: Game muito dahora, eu jogava o primeiro, porm os MH's tomaram conta e destruiram toda a diverso do game. Agora q mudei no d nem vontade de voltar,  outro tipo de jogo... pena q sou nb :/
game-hours: 257.1
review: Doporucuji, Skvela grafika, hratelnost, pohodlne steamove pripojeni me velmi zjednodusilo hrani. Nemam vydky ohledne teto pecky. Rekl bych jen, ze zjednoduseni skladani itemu z originalniho warcraftu, hre urcite prospelo. Davam 4 z 5.
game-hours: 335.2
review: Over 300 hours of yelling in my mic a mix of Russian, Spanish and English. -------Actual Review------- (Work in progress) Background of game: DOTA originated as a warcraft 3 mod, which can still be played. Then Valve took this game, re-masterd it, and made it one of the biggest MOBAs (But still only has a fraction of LOL's player base). The Good: -Valve's got lots of money, and so does the player base. This causes some darn large prize-pools, which are also contributed to by the players. The Bad: -Addictive as hell. -About 1/10 players speak a different language and don't care to learn english. Examples include: Russian, Spanish, and Portuguese. Other Problems: -Warcaft DOTA had a lot of heroes which were ported into DOTA 2, causing a lot of copyright problems between Blizzard and Valve. Gameplay: First games should be with bots, and maybe after 10 games you should start playing with people. If you don't know what to buy, valve gives you suggestions based on your hero in the buy-menu. If looking for a guide, you can find one in the top right.
game-hours: 2394.1
review: i love dota
game-hours: 232.7
review: This game is absolutely amazing. But if you think you can get this game and make tons of money off of it on the market, you are dead wrong.
game-hours: 196.2
review: Very addictive game, a lot less flamers than in LoL
game-hours: 1379.0
review: I am sick and tired playing with russian ""s
game-hours: 3149.2
review: <3 alot must play game
game-hours: 1586.5
review: Great game!
game-hours: 131.2
review: I have mixed feelings abot this game because it makes me happy and sad.
game-hours: 2170.1
review: This game is like cancer, but its like... a cancer ebola hybrid thing, it just sticks with you until you die. it HELPS you die... help me... :(
game-hours: 77.8
review: best game ever. i love it
game-hours: 58.7
review: not bad :)
game-hours: 549.0
review: what a nice
game-hours: 436.1
review: nice play dude
game-hours: 3604.7
review: very good game
game-hours: 2835.0
review: nice
game-hours: 1152.2
review: Thanks for the Guidelines
game-hours: 1181.1
review: Good Game!
game-hours: 3219.0
review: i like dota2, beautiful game and teamwork :D
game-hours: 2043.7
review: This game is very good and its worth to give a try for newcomers
game-hours: 2620.9
review: doto
game-hours: 0.4
review: Just can't get in to MOBAs.
game-hours: 886.4
review: viadagem
game-hours: 0.7
review: Day night cycle
game-hours: 2670.8
review: Fun and very recommended! :D
game-hours: 501.6
review: DOTA2 is the BEST!
game-hours: 1221.0
review: This game will cause severe mood swings and make you question just how many foreigners live in the region I like to call US East. 10/10 would  again.
game-hours: 439.8
review: good game
game-hours: 2305.6
review: Best way to go to Russia, just select any server and there ya go ! Vodka, Russian players and . What else do you want ?
game-hours: 930.8
review: Dota 2 rocks !!
game-hours: 769.6
review: This games was very good i like it so much just keep to be a good player
game-hours: 1142.5
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 18.9
review: I spent about 19 hours wondering if I was having fun. Once in a while, on a late night, I will re-install it because I forget. "Was this fun? I mean it must have been, I played it for 18+ hours right?" This game isn't for everyone but it sure is popular. The same map every single time, I must have horrible taste because I couldn't take it anymore. This game reminds me that Ping-Pong is an Olympic sport and that just because I find it boring, the majority loves it. I don't plan on playing this ever again. It looks nice at least. It's free I think so I must recommend a trial.
game-hours: 1005.8
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 3593.7
review: DOTOOOOOOOOOOOOO
game-hours: 4206.0
review: Play this game is you are both: Top slayer Bill payer
game-hours: 1871.2
review: Dota 2 is a moba game and is a continuing of map Defence of the Ancients on WCIII TFT
game-hours: 1717.9
review: theres a reason this game is number one day after day and its because they laced it with highly addictive drugs and drugs r bad mmkay
game-hours: 1255.3
review: This Game is good for your life.
game-hours: 283.7
review: Yes.. i recommend this game .. Full of Fun :) play as you Like :) .. please Enjoy.. tri it u will see :)
game-hours: 718.0
review: Run. Run as fast as you can. If you've never played Dota, YOU CAN STILL BE SAVED. This game is a drug. It's worse than a drug. It will destroy your mental health, turn you into an amorphous blob, make you racist towards every race including your own and will make you rage so hard you might even uninstall it a couple of times, and yet you will keep wanting more and more of it. 10/10 would get high on Dota again
game-hours: 783.8
review: nice i like dota 2
game-hours: 35.4
review: its so good
game-hours: 4171.9
review: The best game in the genre and the one that started it just try to have some fun games without flaming and youre doing fine
game-hours: 395.6
review: awesome
game-hours: 280.4
review: GG
game-hours: 2299.4
review: The only thing I disliked is the different turn rates of Heroes, slow turn rates gives Dota2 a slow-paced gameplay. Overall, I think the game is great.
game-hours: 221.0
review: :D
game-hours: 2681.6
review: Best MOBA I've tried so far. Very interesting, cooperative and competitive at the same time, with twists of situation and tactics.
game-hours: 427.4
review: i love this game.
game-hours: 540.3
review: Good Game
game-hours: 845.6
review: It's a wonderful game
game-hours: 394.1
review: g
game-hours: 657.1
review: good hahha
game-hours: 121.6
review: DotA 2 ftw!
game-hours: 230.9
review: NOTHING\
game-hours: 338.5
review: Exciting
game-hours: 517.2
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 1283.7
review: :P
game-hours: 714.2
review: Good online game
game-hours: 902.1
review: fun and enjoyable ;)
game-hours: 941.2
review: pretty.
game-hours: 1627.7
review: Awesome game :)
game-hours: 609.4
review: i like all of what i can see in dota
game-hours: 6237.0
review: Can't really recommend it. Too addictive.
game-hours: 198.1
review: this is a cool game
game-hours: 661.2
review: haaha
game-hours: 973.9
review: Nice
game-hours: 1436.2
review: ASTIG !
game-hours: 1783.4
review: This game is the best game of all time . I think that dota will last forever . I want to see my son play dota :3
game-hours: 2335.9
review: Game is cool i guess
game-hours: 2033.7
review: Very fun game for dendis
game-hours: 1478.4
review: Complex and addicting game. Might be difficult to get into at first but once you do, you just can't stop playing.
game-hours: 21.4
review: Good game.
game-hours: 1415.4
review: Do you already have anger problems? Well, you will have, after 5 games of Dota 2.
game-hours: 698.8
review: nice!
game-hours: 277.4
review: hahahahah
game-hours: 439.3
review: TRADER'S is here , Buyer and Seller .
game-hours: 303.3
review: swegs
game-hours: 36.9
review: 10/10 Shrek juega esto.
game-hours: 1107.4
review: This game is awesome! Kudos! to all the developers and designers!
game-hours: 1735.7
review: Dota 2 is addictive, interesting, and overall fun. the only downside to it is the community itself, "Flagging", "reporting", or overall not being cooperative if you're new. So watch out for that.
game-hours: 58.7
review: Laba
game-hours: 1024.3
review: Simply the best game ever.
game-hours: 1220.6
review: this game is the future i can see real potensial with this game. If u want a game you have to get dota 2.
game-hours: 1179.2
review: Good
game-hours: 588.5
review: Yeah
game-hours: 1674.1
review: (Y)
game-hours: 1239.6
review: The best!
game-hours: 74.0
review: This game is very addicting. o.O
game-hours: 915.4
review: cool gaming even though im not too strong
game-hours: 1830.5
review: All my friends are playing this game, it's fast and it requires teamwork!
game-hours: 274.7
review: Awesome !
game-hours: 161.6
review: I love this! you better try it guys! it's so Cool! hope you will join Steam for DOTA 2 Let's have some Fun in DOTA 2.
game-hours: 804.5
review: This is the worst game ever. It made me fail in my exams. It has awakened a great hate for Russians in my heart and made me want to yank my hair out when someone doesnt call ss pudge. Recommended for players with high tolerance and patience and if a russian is reading this then to the russian" This game sucks alot and dont play it. no matter what u read below or above, this game is very bad for Muther Russia so stahp downloading it. Now "
game-hours: 5080.0
review: ........
game-hours: 505.3
review: This game is awesome !!
game-hours: 2045.3
review: i ing hate this game. it punishes you without belief and treats you unfairly, it is fun when you get good team mates but 80% of the time it makes me want to murder babies. not because of the difficulty but because the team mates i get either suck or kill-steal
game-hours: 266.3
review: Game Of The Decade.
game-hours: 1699.4
review: This game will suck out your soul, tear out your heart, grind your already broken dreams to dust, leave you hating both your friends and yourself, and just when you thought it was over. It comes to your house, pisses in your cereal, and kicks your dog.
game-hours: 55.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 2066.2
review: must have :)
game-hours: 288.4
review: very nice games ever :)
game-hours: 1340.5
review: nice
game-hours: 183.9
review: i realy love this :) but i wish to have a set items :(
game-hours: 2440.7
review: good game
game-hours: 3142.6
review: is ok
game-hours: 880.6
review: Good game, lots of heroes where u can play with, i recommend u this game.
game-hours: 747.1
review: Before trying out Dota 2, I did not really like MOBA overall. Until my friends persisted that I tried and I was glad I made that choice. Dota 2 is a great game that really requires teamwork(like every MOBA), but it just has this special feel that makes this f2p game a must play. It has awesome graphics and smooth mechanics and one should definitely not miss out on this game.
game-hours: 197.9
review: Best way to learn Russian. Every match Gaben guarantees at least one Russian companion. "" 9/10
game-hours: 3114.3
review: Its ing dota... Do i really have to say more than that?
game-hours: 1726.0
review: Indeed!!!
game-hours: 969.4
review: The game is just super. Currently in it plays a lot of people, many think that DotA is played only schoolchildren and wrong. The main thing to understand the meaning of the game and learn to play)))
game-hours: 2059.8
review: Play Dota2 now. so much fun :)
game-hours: 940.0
review: Nice
game-hours: 117.7
review: DOTA RUSSIANS COSMETIC ITEMS IT DOESN'T MATTER WHAT I SAY YOU'RE GOING TO PLAY IT ANYWAY BECAUSE YOU'RE CHEAP AND IT'S FREE.
game-hours: 45.3
review: Made me moist
game-hours: 322.7
review: Its Amazing there are so excellent in graphics than the dota 1 .. i Like this game
game-hours: 420.8
review: awesome
game-hours: 1196.1
review: great, ultra epic
game-hours: 3515.5
review: VOLVO GIFF ITEM PLS!!!!!
game-hours: 1707.3
review: Best way to learn new language and have fun at same time. If you want to learn Russian pick EU West as your server. If you want to learn Spanish pick US West or East.
game-hours: 1401.8
review: Peruvian team simulator. 10/10
game-hours: 561.3
review: very outstanding game.
game-hours: 408.9
review: Good..
game-hours: 1218.4
review: so nice game
game-hours: 1124.4
review: My Time was KILLED! And I become GODLIKE!
game-hours: 666.6
review: nice
game-hours: 2512.7
review: sick
game-hours: 158.3
review: good game
game-hours: 1790.3
review: Legend Best Games MOBA.....
game-hours: 599.6
review: Enjoy to play Dota 2 with friends and get more fresh mind.
game-hours: 500.6
review: Dota 2 is a multiplayer online battle arena game in a three-dimensional environment, presented from an oblique high-angle perspective. The player commands one of 109 controllable character "Heroes." Each Hero begins the match at level one and becomes more powerful by accumulating experience points through combat, thereby leveling up to the maximum level of twenty-five. With every level gained the player either selects a new ability for their Hero to learn or enhance their general statistics. Each Hero's method of combat is influenced by its primary property: Strength, Agility, or Intelligence. Dota 2 features items, which the player stores in an inventory. These items are acquired predominantly through purchase with gold, the in-game currency. Items vary in function: some enhance the statistics of a Hero, while others grant additional abilities. The player automatically receives small increments of gold continuously, though they can obtain more by destroying enemies. Killing non-player characters grants gold only to the player who lands the final blow, whereas killing enemy Heroes grants gold to the player's nearby allies as well. Destroying Towers or killing Roshan gives gold to all players on the team. "Denying" is a feature of the game where players inhibit the enemy's ability to accumulate gold and experience by killing an allied unit or destroying an allied structure before the enemy can do so. Each match of Dota 2 takes place on a functionally symmetrical map that features the strongholds of two warring factions, the Radiant and the Dire. The Radiant is based at the southwest corner of the map, while the Dire is based at the northeast corner; the two sides are divided by a river that runs perpendicular to the central lane. These factions are defended by up to five players. In each stronghold is a critical structure called the "Ancient", a fountain that provide health and lesser structures. These bases are connected by three paths, referred to as "lanes"two run alongside the edges of the map, while one runs directly between the two bases. The lanes are guarded by defensive Towers, as well as autonomous characters called "creeps", which periodically spawn in groups and travel along the lanes, attacking enemies they encounter. Featured across the map are hostile characters referred to as "neutrals", which are not aligned to either faction and are primarily located in the forests. Located in a tarn on the northeast side of the river is a "boss" called "Roshan", who typically requires multiple team members to kill and drops powerful items. Dota 2 features seasonal events, which provide players with the option of playing the game with special game modes that alter the aesthetics and objectives. With the seasonal event game modes, the central focus of the game shifts away from the standard battle composition, in order to focus on new objectives central to the seasonal events. So far, there have been three seasonal events: the Halloween-themed Diretide event, the Christmas-themed Frostivus event, and the New Bloom Festival, which celebrates the coming of spring.
game-hours: 1704.6
review: The best game ever! <3
game-hours: 927.6
review: nice
game-hours: 509.9
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 365.3
review: good game
game-hours: 1231.7
review: Superb !
game-hours: 880.7
review: Great Game!!!
game-hours: 789.6
review: OMG NICE HOLYS
game-hours: 1074.7
review: Best game ever!!!
game-hours: 759.5
review: ddd
game-hours: 1200.0
review: I love playing this ing awesome game.
game-hours: 571.9
review: If you have enough time to waste in life, be anti-social, don't wanna interact with your frens, stay in your room all the time and be a RPG Addict, only then play the game. I literally ditched my university board exams to attend a LAN event for DOTA2 :D
game-hours: 737.6
review: My favourite strategy games after GARENA HEROES OF NEWERTH. Recommended for all gamers.
game-hours: 530.1
review: I like it, very funny tyVa(o)vo
game-hours: 1384.9
review: good to learn basic and colloquial russian, even if you don't want to
game-hours: 2273.7
review: moba  1  10/10
game-hours: 2800.1
review: Another great game by volvo.
game-hours: 3176.3
review: Better than LoL
game-hours: 447.5
review: Before i started playing this i didn't mind russians.
game-hours: 682.5
review: EU WEST SERVER IS NOT THE RUSSIAN SERVER! It's not even difficult to toggle it correctly and lower your ping, damn russians
game-hours: 34.4
review: Best Game ever.... League of legends cant compare to this game!!!
game-hours: 860.4
review: extremely recommended... :) P/S: good game but full with r-e-t-a-r-d-s...
game-hours: 317.3
review: Its awesome game! :D I like to feed the carry!
game-hours: 1776.9
review: gg
game-hours: 2628.7
review: hmmmmm
game-hours: 2434.4
review: +++
game-hours: 1493.6
review: hell yeah
game-hours: 341.7
review: very efin addictive
game-hours: 435.4
review: nice gme :D
game-hours: 1082.1
review: This game is so welcoming to new players. The community is filled will wonderful and amazing characters that are 90% russians. This game will teach you the social skills you need to survive in later life! 10/10
game-hours: 918.2
review: nice game 10/10 would stay at home and play this game instead of going outside to meet people
game-hours: 2021.4
review: Best Russian teacher ever. 10/10
game-hours: 59.8
review: My mother once thought I was an emotionally stunted child that suffered from autism. I was always so stoic and uncaring. That's until an Indonesian cross-dresser introduced me to a game called "doto 2". From then my life changed. The joys of having a team of 4 South East Asian players in an Australian server compain of lag, coupled with their refusal to speak English was profound. From then, it all became apparent to me. "I'm alive," I realised. "This is living." Help
game-hours: 760.1
review: >game is hard
game-hours: 1206.8
review: ek mai ani
game-hours: 240.3
review: This game is upgraded game from Warcraft III which i love <3 Dota 2 is more understandable for rookie, this game is giving you instructions for what weapon is equipable for what hero. And this game is amazing easpacially when the war. And iit give you toturial (y)
game-hours: 163.4
review: dota srota
game-hours: 5.4
review: bun
game-hours: 770.0
review: Better than legend league :D
game-hours: 1171.6
review: ez... finnished it in under 30mins
game-hours: 2259.7
review: _
game-hours: 269.7
review: awful game smite is so much betterzzz xoxoox
game-hours: 1463.1
review: UNIVERSITY OF DOTO ~ MOVE YOUR MIND
game-hours: 451.4
review: addicting
game-hours: 349.2
review: This is the only game I played over 2000 hours :-p
game-hours: 1047.6
review: Game is called Defence Of The Ancients where team never defends, always push, and your mid lane is always mexican. Techies/10
game-hours: 1386.9
review: Game too hard
game-hours: 405.4
review: The best game in the world!
game-hours: 977.1
review: this is a good educational game, it was better than rosetta stone at teaching me how to speak russian
game-hours: 765.6
review: Love this game!
game-hours: 605.6
review: Ruined my life...
game-hours: 4394.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 2315.4
review: Huge waste of your precious time. Don't bother with it.
game-hours: 371.1
review: Beautiful...
game-hours: 324.1
review: One server only please :)
game-hours: 978.6
review: good game
game-hours: 35.5
review: Love the game.
game-hours: 853.0
review: Most addicting game ever. Once you play it, you'll never stop.
game-hours: 1359.5
review: The best game ever!
game-hours: 1148.4
review: I've spent more hours playing this game than being with my loved ones.
game-hours: 1066.0
review: i am a heron. i haev a long neck and i pick fish out of the water w/ my beak. if you dont repost this comment on 10 other pages i will fly into your kitchen tonight and make a mess of your pots and pans
game-hours: 1151.6
review: GGWP !!
game-hours: 2404.7
review: Consumes most of your time, adding up that it's very addictive. If you want action, like being cursed by players that comes from other countries even though you're the one carrying the game, cursing Valve if you don't get good items while the feeder does, and want to learn different ways to curse in different languages. This is the game you should play.
game-hours: 1467.7
review: good
game-hours: 459.8
review: gooddd XD
game-hours: 147.0
review: Better than League of Legends.
game-hours: 109.4
review: good (y)
game-hours: 1416.3
review: dota 2 is a great strategy game, never been bored on this game ;p
game-hours: 777.2
review: this good game hehe
game-hours: 231.7
review: Deco, igrajte dotu.
game-hours: 425.2
review: Extravagant!
game-hours: 1289.9
review: I used to be adventure like you until i took an arrow to the knee
game-hours: 830.1
review: like this game
game-hours: 772.6
review: Nice game :D I just love it since Dota 1
game-hours: 40.5
review: GOOOD
game-hours: 1073.6
review: Tyfctyfc
game-hours: 162.7
review: everyday Dota 2 ^^
game-hours: 1102.8
review: This game is awesome
game-hours: 1.9
review: I would reccomend this to people who like torchlight style games. It takes a while to learn the game but other than that it is a very good game. So i would reccomend this game.
game-hours: 152.2
review: qwerty
game-hours: 285.6
review: nothing ... ilike this
game-hours: 558.0
review: game ini sangat bagus untuk kita, karena game ini membutuhkan kerja sama yang kompak untuk setiap timnya
game-hours: 966.7
review: so far, the best MOBA game ev3r
game-hours: 1024.9
review: GGWP
game-hours: 161.7
review: well done
game-hours: 525.6
review: :))
game-hours: 642.5
review: you cant even jump
game-hours: 1797.3
review: awesome game
game-hours: 108.0
review: i like dota 2
game-hours: 2364.7
review: <3  game  me  <3
game-hours: 780.8
review: aasewds
game-hours: 203.4
review: hm
game-hours: 749.8
review: Never saw  again.
game-hours: 1052.2
review: this is very good <3
game-hours: 528.1
review: nice
game-hours: 845.3
review: Huge game
game-hours: 1328.7
review: GGwp
game-hours: 1926.7
review: 11/10 Best game out there
game-hours: 795.3
review: wow
game-hours: 272.3
review: BEST GAME EVER! I've only been playing for a few months and I love it already. Great gameplay, pretty good graphics, and almost all my steam friends I met off this game. Really friendly community. And you may think it will be repetitive, but it definitely isn't. Every game has different people. Different heroes to work with. Different heroes to fight against. And there are 108 different heroes to choose from. My favourite is sniper. If you love this game then join my group, Ninja Skilled Ronins, or read my guide (and rate up), sniper (tips and builds).
game-hours: 330.0
review: :D
game-hours: 1017.9
review: I bought the PA arcana set for the items drop . I only got 3 drops 2 from my set ,it has been like 6-8 game that contract was denied or completed and we won the game but no drop??? can u only get a limited amount of drops or what??
game-hours: 996.3
review: Shururururu! Dota2
game-hours: 728.7
review: :)
game-hours: 561.6
review: A++
game-hours: 1302.9
review: The best way to take 4 of your good friends and make them your enemies, but its sooo worth it. Once you get the hang of it, it's hard to stop. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED. :D
game-hours: 176.1
review: nice game for all ages, it develop teamwork, discipline, patience that molds a better person. :) also for fun playing along with your friends..
game-hours: 1965.8
review: A very strategic game that challenges every people's mind making it alot more difficult than other MMO's
game-hours: 486.9
review: Quite nice game, I am collecting a team, english players only
game-hours: 3064.0
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1998.1
review: Great game. Must have
game-hours: 45.0
review: i have no friends because of this game nice
game-hours: 1780.2
review: gg
game-hours: 1836.5
review: life ROFL
game-hours: 2806.3
review: If this isnt in your steam library, unistall steam!
game-hours: 1151.2
review: And remember: no Russian. 11/10
game-hours: 82.2
review: i
game-hours: 363.5
review: FYI: Dota stands for Defense of the Ancients Hello Ladies and Germs! Today you are looking at Dota 2 Review! Dota used to be a gamemode in Warcraft 3! It was so Popular it went on steam! If you haven't played Dota 2 or Warcraft 3 Dota then this review will help you out! First of all Dota 2 IS NOT A FIRST PERSON SHOOTER GAME. It is a strategy game so if you do not like strategy games or you just suck at it then don't play it plz. The Goal of the game is theres 3 Towers on each 3 Sides. Fight your way and Destory the Radiant's/Dire's Ancient and you will win the game! It's a 5V5 Game so you need to rely on your team too. There are 3 types of heroes: Strength, Agility, and Intelligence. Strength are really tanky which means they have more health and less mana, they are also mostly nukers, pusher, etc. Agilitys depends on items so most of them are carrys which means they farm. Intelligence have lots of mana and most of them are supports because most of them can trap, heal, etc. But most intelligence heroes are squishy (means they can die easily, example: Crystal Maiden (idk if i spelled it right lol)).
game-hours: 71.4
review: Yeah !
game-hours: 348.7
review: i like this game, need smart and fast to play this game
game-hours: 2668.1
review: ok game spend little to no time playing it as it's repetitive and boring #swagyolo
game-hours: 408.2
review: :))))
game-hours: 375.9
review: Teamwork
game-hours: 1493.6
review: You can learn tatics stratigy and ability to be the best in game
game-hours: 293.9
review: zzzzz
game-hours: 729.6
review: This is a really good MOBA style game. It has good graphics and gameplay, although the community can be quite harsh - play with bots before you start playing vs other people.
game-hours: 298.8
review: Good game
game-hours: 1503.9
review: I don't generally recommend this game, because I don't think people would generally find it fun. The best way to try it though, would be with friends that are already very familiar with the game and would enjoy teaching you. If that's the case, give it a shot. If you want to play it solo however, be prepared for an abysmal time.
game-hours: 21.0
review: its meh
game-hours: 1406.1
review: <3
game-hours: 2558.1
review: ggwp
game-hours: 206.2
review: Best game on earth
game-hours: 2632.0
review: Dota is Love, Dota is Life
game-hours: 515.6
review: Best Game Ever :`D <3
game-hours: 745.3
review: doto is the best doto
game-hours: 3124.4
review: Definately a game for casuals.
game-hours: 2395.9
review: no.1
game-hours: 1056.8
review: I was just sitting at home having some dots, the police came up and knocked on my door, told me that I have to evacuate, just cause they reckon its a bomb threat around the place
game-hours: 880.1
review: best game ever
game-hours: 615.6
review: Valve!!!!! Please GIVE US ARCANA!!!! WHEN CHRISTMAS DAY STARTS!!! AS OUR GIFT!! :)
game-hours: 1416.0
review: best game ever
game-hours: 8.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 4957.6
review: asolole
game-hours: 750.6
review: Dota 2... You can love it, hate it, or both at the same time. Dota 2 is the re-boot of the original Dota game made in 2005 and is owned by the company Valve. Dota 2 is a MMOBA (or Massive Multilayer Online Battle Arena) and the objective of the game is to be able to destroy the enemy's ancient. You do this by picking from the 112 unique heroes that are available for you for free for ever. The game itself is similar to its predecessor as well as other MMOBA's but adds new mechanics as well as customization items for most of the heroes. The game play is smooth and well refined, all the heroes have there own unique play style, and it fits well with the game. Dota 2 although it may not have mind blowing effects still manages to look astonishing as well as not stressing your computer too hard, and if you don't like the way something looks you can change it. Valve introduces a cosmetic system that adds no benefits or hindrances to the game but it allows you to make the game the way you want, whether you like cruel dire tide or crystallized manna there are cosmetics and other customization items for everyone. The game also has a ranked system for more serious players who want to make it to a team. Replayability is a huge part of a game and Dota 2 has it there are multiple game modes ranging from a random hero to drafting a whole team with this system it will take a while to be able to get board of Dota 2. For a ranking all around i would have to give it a 9.5/10 due to some minor flaws. This is shown in ranked, they need a way to measure the single person and not just the team as a whole this can lead to being trapped in low brackets.
game-hours: 1162.1
review: DOTA 2 IS THE BEST
game-hours: 1.5
review: i thing the game is good if you have a good pc lolololol
game-hours: 537.5
review: I dont know to describe this game since valve has making change on this patch. No drop at all and consolation box for every level has been taken away. Others aspect remain cool but for item drop really make me sick ;(
game-hours: 746.6
review: I love it this game..
game-hours: 691.0
review: Playing and Building New Friends Online With This Great Environment DOTA Game... Great Items To Play With the Heroes...
game-hours: 2610.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 979.9
review: Great game to lose friends!
game-hours: 1047.7
review: epic game
game-hours: 1323.7
review: good game,good life
game-hours: 1445.8
review: ^^
game-hours: 29.6
review: Nice!
game-hours: 737.5
review: BEST GAME OF MEIN LIFE
game-hours: 33.3
review: Good game
game-hours: 232.9
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 1081.8
review: 10/10 IGN BEST GAME EVER OBVIOUSLY
game-hours: 1832.5
review: Nice game Dota 2
game-hours: 1203.8
review: you'll play it a bunch
game-hours: 264.6
review: good game
game-hours: 1098.6
review: good games
game-hours: 1098.1
review: and?
game-hours: 523.4
review: nice
game-hours: 1182.0
review: Get this game, I hate it<3
game-hours: 3144.2
review: Dota 2 tell my a history about the best guy in the world peruvian pick pudge and go mid.. And the russian carry on SA server. So Dota 2 is a terrible cancer in stupid  cyka  and tell history about jajajajajjajajajajjaja
game-hours: 1570.4
review: Awesomee
game-hours: 1746.9
review: @@@
game-hours: 2.5
review: I dont understand
game-hours: 1277.0
review: Nice and competitive game
game-hours: 1188.8
review: The Best game i ever Played
game-hours: 1659.4
review: gg
game-hours: 1201.6
review: n1 game
game-hours: 401.9
review: nice game !
game-hours: 1721.9
review: just play
game-hours: 784.3
review: A standard match of Dota 2 features the strongholds of two opposing factions, the Radiant and the Dire, containing critical structures called "Ancients", which are surrounded by a number of lesser buildings. The bases of these two factions are connected by three main paths, referred to as "lanes", which are guarded by defensive towers, as well as autonomous units called "creeps", which periodically spawn in groups and traverse the lanes, attacking enemy units or structures they encounter. The Dota 2 map is functionally symmetrical, despite having a number of critical differences conferring a variety of advantages and disadvantages to each side. The Radiant is based at the southwest corner of the map, while the Dire is based at the northeast corner; the two sides are divided by a river that runs perpendicular to the central lane. The two teams, typically composed of five players each, are pitted against one another to compete as the defenders for their respective Ancients.[6] Featured across the map are hostile units referred to as "neutrals", which are not aligned to either faction and are primarily located in the forests. Located on the northeast side of the river is a "boss" called "Roshan", who typically requires multiple team members to kill and drops strategically powerful items.
game-hours: 698.6
review: THE MOST AWESOME GAME EVER
game-hours: 84.1
review: ,    .         (    5  5)
game-hours: 2407.9
review: Forget Rosetta Stone, learn Russian here for free! - /10
game-hours: 1310.2
review: Fantastic Game!=short review
game-hours: 451.7
review: good game
game-hours: 901.8
review: Nothing gets me more pissed off than playing pub games, my blood preasure has atleast doubled, this game is depressing me. But i wont stop playing 10/10
game-hours: 1109.4
review: Nice game, so addicting!!
game-hours: 4.6
review: It gave me a raging erection. 10/10
game-hours: 2482.9
review: very nice !
game-hours: 259.7
review: <3
game-hours: 903.2
review: lol
game-hours: 1280.2
review: meepo!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 347.3
review: <3
game-hours: 1215.8
review: I just want to get community pillar. Please ignore.
game-hours: 1844.3
review: Played over 1000 hours play it almost everyday at least for 2 hours very fun make sure you have a 5 man party of friends or you'll prob have noobs on your team :p
game-hours: 2621.9
review: nice a game for playing
game-hours: 1296.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 343.6
review: it's not LoL
game-hours: 1401.1
review: Best MOBA ever
game-hours: 2550.6
review: Best MOBA !!
game-hours: 697.7
review: nice
game-hours: 1678.0
review: Best competitive game i've ever played.
game-hours: 1497.9
review: nice game you should try this
game-hours: 4223.4
review: life ruiner
game-hours: 1576.4
review: It will slowly eat you from inside until you feel nothing but a cold stone in place of your heart. 11/10.
game-hours: 2950.2
review: With dota i've spent almost half of my life. When i was 14 i started with warcraft 3, it was amazing :) Then few years later, friends dragged me to dota. Since that time i never really stoped playing. Few years ago Valve announced its own dota game in cooperation with icefrog. A lot of my mates were sceptical (because of previous attempts for "new dota" - LoL and HoN - were ultimate failure to them). I wasn't, because of icefrog. Since the very beginning i believed in icefrog and in valve and just few weeks after first international i got my own betakey and started to play it. From the very beggining i was so excited about this. Icefrog kept EVERYTHING same, just upgraded things that needed upgrade (graphics, some key mechanics which were limited by warcraft). Ive spent over 10 000 hours in dota2 (dont get confused by hours count on this account ive got a lot of "smurfs") and countless hours in dota overall. Ive met hundreds of amazing people on offline tournaments just because of dota. Countless of amazing people online. For almost decade this game was part of my life and i gotta say THANK YOU ICEFROG AND VALVE AND EVERYONE INVOLVED IN THIS. Dota 4ever <3
game-hours: 2000.3
review: I like the game so much! i am addicted to the game! but i dont like the idea when someone is noob to play, reported by other player for playing noob! Maybe he is a beginner, why blame it to him when the team is lossing.
game-hours: 1246.1
review: good
game-hours: 573.8
review: i want more team work to win the Game Support must always buy WArd Hitter must be hit Tanker must be Tank Farmer must be fast farm
game-hours: 912.1
review: My favorite FTP game on steam
game-hours: 551.3
review: I like it ...
game-hours: 2517.5
review: I love this gave!
game-hours: 431.9
review: great game
game-hours: 114.7
review: Awesome game....addicted!
game-hours: 1292.9
review: <3
game-hours: 19.0
review: dsadsa
game-hours: 1899.7
review: Liam is Gay and he is gay
game-hours: 440.7
review: I LIKE DOTA 2 <3
game-hours: 501.7
review: Cool
game-hours: 1126.3
review: Well dota2 is fun, it's about teamwork and not to mention you get to bond with your friends!
game-hours: 69.7
review: pogi !~ :)
game-hours: 857.7
review: A game known for almost a decade
game-hours: 381.7
review: i love it
game-hours: 517.7
review: One of the best multiplayer online battle arena game; its gameplay focuses on combat in a three-dimensional environment, presented from an oblique high-angle perspective. What I liked on this game is that this is played in discrete matches involving two five-player teams, each of which occupies a stronghold at a corner of the map. Each stronghold contains a building called the "Ancient", which the opposite team must destroy to win the match. Each player controls a "Hero" character and focuses on leveling up, collecting gold, acquiring items and fighting against the other team to achieve victory.
game-hours: 798.2
review: halo
game-hours: 804.3
review: In homeland Dota 2 recommends you!
game-hours: 2676.5
review: My life!
game-hours: 3106.8
review: Recomend...
game-hours: 2410.9
review: Nice Game !
game-hours: 564.9
review: It's vey fun to play. It takes away all my problems.
game-hours: 393.4
review: Its A very NICE Game
game-hours: 1593.2
review: i like this game it because you can play with your friend on other places and it so fun!
game-hours: 1429.2
review: Lots and Lots of russians
game-hours: 2.1
review: day 5=trading cards...MOAR TRADINGGGG CARRRRRRRRRRRDSSS day 138=Help me...h-h-he-l-l-lp m-meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee Day 498=The whole russian population is in this game       argg argg hahhr day 600=ARGGGGGGHHHHHHHHH RARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR RAR ARW RAWRRR
game-hours: 110.3
review: for people who are interested in RTS games
game-hours: 2958.1
review: hehe
game-hours: 209.5
review: goodgame
game-hours: 2697.0
review: Dota 2 is in a strong place right now. It's rewarding and sociable like few other games, and despite its vast popularity it still feels like a secret waiting to be discovered. The next few months will be crucial: it's currently the best expression of Valve's progressive attitude towards players, and if it can continue on that track it describes a future for online gaming that is far more hopeful than the one we're used to. That's the big picture, however. For me, Dota 2 will continue to be about the friends that I learned to play it with, the ones I've made through playing it, and that ceaseless, pointless singing.
game-hours: 218.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 447.9
review: very good game
game-hours: 4290.0
review: can you even gush ? can you ? so we can.. win ? BLZZZZ
game-hours: 119.8
review: muito bom um jogo bem elaborado
game-hours: 261.1
review: Its number 1 game online , teamwork very important to play this game
game-hours: 1205.9
review: I like dota2 because of the graphics.
game-hours: 1995.2
review: It's goog game but it needs better matchmaking and servers without russians and ukraines if you chose English language :)
game-hours: 10.3
review: Amazing gameplay best game IN DA WORLD
game-hours: 1126.0
review: awesome game
game-hours: 1858.4
review: Am now able to notice different words in Russian Example:     - B i t c h  - F e c k      - W h o r e  - Uninstall And last but not least  - Report Game is k
game-hours: 484.4
review: nice game :)
game-hours: 3483.0
review: You Guys dota 2 have ing many problemms... fixed it thanks ! stop doing annoying server down again and again. you are so many problem
game-hours: 80.3
review: Valve.
game-hours: 4.0
review: This game has a great feel to it and i suspect that the gameplay is amazing, but i don't have a clue how to play it.
game-hours: 353.6
review: My faborite Game !!!!!
game-hours: 123.4
review: Very fun game if you are familliar with Moba's
game-hours: 4.1
review: Hot and spicy meat yehea bois
game-hours: 684.7
review: Dota 2 is awesome to play... a very addictive game... i like playing it all the time
game-hours: 854.4
review: zvvdsgvdsbdsbsdbs
game-hours: 1877.8
review: I can speak fluent filipino now potangina/10
game-hours: 3.8
review: This is a really cool game. I don't like RTS games but this one is really good. I love that it is like a fantasy world.
game-hours: 153.0
review: i personally dislike reddit but this meme is delightful and a good movie to watch on your local lunch break i give dontle 2 a bicycle wheel out of c m[ilnb ddbdijpohdf
game-hours: 1676.0
review: youre not a gamer if u never heard of this game
game-hours: 404.1
review: awesome
game-hours: 118.2
review: gold
game-hours: 2086.9
review: ggwp
game-hours: 757.7
review: good game
game-hours: 426.1
review: i like SF. :)
game-hours: 2450.8
review: Great team based strategy game, enjoyed mostly with a group of mates
game-hours: 1122.9
review: Try this game out its awesome!!
game-hours: 1449.7
review: NICE GAME
game-hours: 211.1
review: top
game-hours: 1224.7
review: Good games, good community that helps people who are in need :)
game-hours: 672.9
review: This game is fantastic, I mean I play this game almost everyday I have had this game for a month and already have 274 hours in it. and my friends have even more. I liked how this isn't a pay to win game, you can get items to make your person look better or cooler. But the items don't have any benifet so everyone can play the same people at anytime, and dota 2 is a fair fight. In short I love Dota 2
game-hours: 11.0
review: Amazing RTS, but needs character customization really badly, though new single or double lane maps would be kewl too.
game-hours: 266.7
review: cool game b*tchez
game-hours: 772.8
review: .
game-hours: 4497.2
review: Doto is the best
game-hours: 2264.2
review: This is the best game made in some time. It will take you a lot of time to get good, and it's difficult, but damnit, is it good.
game-hours: 3141.0
review: Cancer game. ruined my life. best way to learn tagalog and russians. mit or feet, noob mid no gank, zero ward  you noob support,  ina mo gago, ako mid, . This game has made me racist towards those who speak any language other than english. 10/10
game-hours: 2875.5
review: This game is good because of what happens.
game-hours: 465.7
review: Dota is my life
game-hours: 169.5
review: yes its nice and fun to play... amazing graphics :-D
game-hours: 4387.1
review: i like this game it is fun to play
game-hours: 905.1
review: +rep good trader
game-hours: 536.8
review: very good game.
game-hours: 559.5
review: Pls Release pitlord pls ASAP I need to RAT
game-hours: 1999.9
review: They keep telling me to unistall Dota 2 I dont undestand how they all want me too
game-hours: 470.4
review: Very Addictive and Wonderful Game
game-hours: 1299.1
review: VERY AWESOME
game-hours: 311.2
review: this game is awesome
game-hours: 1687.3
review: Play for you or play for team .
game-hours: 670.4
review: izz ggooodd
game-hours: 699.5
review: great game.. play now pay later..
game-hours: 1685.2
review: This Game is the Best Game i ever Played... COntinue to inspire as @Valve...! :)
game-hours: 845.8
review: I liked this game because it provides awareness and strategic instincts which will improve our rational thinking. Just like a typical sport, this game requires a good teamwork and also a good individual skills.
game-hours: 860.1
review: This game is lagging me so bad :[ cuz i have low computer.. i wish they could add settings which i can lower the quality .. etc. That can make my game smooth.. PLEASE VOLVO :C IM A DOTA player since 5 yrs old.. im only 13 so i can't afford to buy gaming equipments Q.Q please read this . A true fan, Nathaniel R. Escarez
game-hours: 1073.6
review: Gonna ruin your life, warning dont start unless you wanna lose yourself. You will never see sunlight again.
game-hours: 2819.6
review: nice game)
game-hours: 609.0
review: Good Game1
game-hours: 1711.6
review: :))
game-hours: 141.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 835.7
review: +Explorer your mind
game-hours: 2493.0
review: very competitive
game-hours: 1455.4
review: THIS GAME IS VERY NICE AND COOL GAME :) THANKS VALVE :D
game-hours: 1270.6
review: I LOVE this game! SO ADDICTIVE!! :)
game-hours: 405.8
review: I like it.
game-hours: 499.1
review: Good graphics, but need to rework on lower spec computer.
game-hours: 3409.2
review: Gooo
game-hours: 88.9
review: Welcome in 68.2C with much Throw game yuhuu..
game-hours: 811.6
review: Its DOTA 2 :>
game-hours: 956.4
review: Game is Amazing!!!
game-hours: 811.0
review: I recommend this game over League of Legends (take it personally if so) and i want to say nice job on the game.
game-hours: 196.9
review: I would greatly recommend this game to anyone who had recently played a similar game to Dota2 like League of Legends, Heroes of Newerth, Smite
game-hours: 2214.4
review: Good Game !
game-hours: 917.1
review: I wish i had more time for dota. Stupid life getting in the way.
game-hours: 1155.3
review: best game ever
game-hours: 525.8
review: its really good for me thats all !!
game-hours: 152.1
review: absolutely best moba game ever
game-hours: 752.4
review: Best Game Ever!
game-hours: 1332.9
review: damn Y_Y
game-hours: 1138.1
review: This game is Life nothing beats this game even the time of dota 1 , this game is the best . running for so many years already and still gaining more players throughout the years ..
game-hours: 915.4
review: This game so addicted..
game-hours: 1325.2
review: Just Awsome
game-hours: 1700.4
review: The Good Game
game-hours: 1777.7
review: ???
game-hours: 2336.8
review: The most addictive game I've ever played in my life. The infinite possibilities of every single game, depending on very minute decisions juxtaposes it so much to our real lives. Although the learning curve is too steep, once you give about a week for it, the mechanisms in the game are clear to you. Definitely recommended.
game-hours: 1206.1
review: best
game-hours: 994.8
review: this is a best game i have played :)
game-hours: 633.2
review: The Best Game Ever!
game-hours: 2344.0
review: i like this
game-hours: 654.6
review: GGWP
game-hours: 1600.4
review: hn
game-hours: 839.0
review: Hook simulator 2014
game-hours: 682.9
review: Great game!
game-hours: 1512.2
review: THIS GAME IS AWESOME
game-hours: 1987.0
review: Cool game,nice team playing,more hero!
game-hours: 1891.7
review: IT CHANGED MY WHOLE CONCEPT OF ONLINE GAMING>>>
game-hours: 476.8
review: best game ever
game-hours: 28.1
review: KILL ALL THE THINGS
game-hours: 1517.2
review: I love this game
game-hours: 1016.9
review: niceeeeeeee
game-hours: 703.8
review: A very tough game to master, yet with experience and sheer patience you will spend many an hour enjoying this game. The beauty lies with the how every new Dota 2 game you undertake will be competely unique from the last.
game-hours: 256.9
review: i love these game if steam will give me gift!!!
game-hours: 360.7
review: best strategic game
game-hours: 438.3
review: hahahahahah yes yes
game-hours: 762.2
review: It's like LoL but GOOD!
game-hours: 1149.3
review: This Game i very addictive and need skills to master
game-hours: 50.7
review: THIS GOOD GAME
game-hours: 1447.0
review: This game is the first game that I'm still addicted since I was a kid until today. It makes me who I am :) BEST GAME I EVER PLAYED REALLY RECOMMEND IT TO EVERYONE!!! \m/
game-hours: 5.8
review: ( out of 10 dogs prefer pooping in a hat to be eatne' by a bear.
game-hours: 1253.0
review: Wow
game-hours: 218.4
review: its alright
game-hours: 19.4
review: Learning Russian in Fun and Intuitive way!
game-hours: 1163.4
review: Hello guys <3 I really like this game!
game-hours: 1199.9
review: good game
game-hours: 623.4
review: The game can be played at any skill level but the beauty is that at higher levels there is so much depth that no two games are ever alike. The only issue is that it is difficult to improve without having someone (friendly) better than you who will actively call out your mistakes; in Dota 2, ignorance is not bliss.
game-hours: 2510.7
review: love this game just play it now dude!!
game-hours: 511.8
review: This game will frustrate you at first. Then once you get your first ultra kill, you will forget you have other games.
game-hours: 555.2
review: It's ruining my life .. not even my life , my future , my girlfreind and etc . GLHF
game-hours: 834.3
review: nice game and its all about math...thumbs up..
game-hours: 1565.8
review: Great Game!
game-hours: 1694.5
review: i play DoTA 1.. Then DoTa 2 incoming.. I like this ghrafic but when i saw Anti-Mage hero,, he like idiot people xD Steam do u know Teror Blade & Anti-Mage is 2 brother?
game-hours: 230.9
review: cool game bro
game-hours: 214.2
review: nice on safe to play
game-hours: 2320.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 3360.9
review: very fun, yet very time consuming. Its also a game thats got a big jump ing the learning curve
game-hours: 214.9
review: Nice
game-hours: 520.9
review: love this games so much fun and its free
game-hours: 539.1
review: =)
game-hours: 833.8
review: Not Bad lah
game-hours: 273.9
review: cool
game-hours: 272.0
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 1410.4
review: i love dota very much.but,please don't giving update that too high such as 1.5Gb
game-hours: 291.5
review: Nice Community, unlock League of legends. Intense Gameplay. Good Game.I like It
game-hours: 1208.0
review: One of the best F2P game out there to play with friends.
game-hours: 2053.0
review: this game is so awesome i cant stop playing it
game-hours: 1975.3
review: awesome
game-hours: 1461.3
review: to learn how to work with other random people
game-hours: 3412.4
review: She will steal your life, welcome!
game-hours: 779.0
review: good game
game-hours: 440.9
review: This game made me make a second steam account so my friends wouldn't know how much i actually play this game.
game-hours: 481.3
review: It s great game fun and strategy sinulare to league of legends but beter
game-hours: 2852.3
review: SUPA SUPA !
game-hours: 6429.4
review: Jajajajja, xaxaxaxaxax, huehuehuehue. What more could you ask for?
game-hours: 154.6
review: \m/
game-hours: 3052.8
review: stole my life, commended!
game-hours: 120.3
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 291.8
review: Great game, just wish players were more understanding of inexperienced players.
game-hours: 503.7
review: Good game. item drops makes it addicting to play. gotta collect em all!
game-hours: 346.8
review: GREAT GAME!
game-hours: 1403.1
review: You cant just only sit by seeing the others play this game. Try it and you will never doubt me. a lot improvement from the old one under WC3. 9/10 from me.
game-hours: 3458.6
review: I like dota 2 because i play for fun. And i appreciate other players.
game-hours: 280.1
review: Its a nice game , Keep it up
game-hours: 3484.6
review: Expect no less from this game, you will find that this game extremely fun.
game-hours: 3701.4
review: EASY GAME FOR LYCAN
game-hours: 531.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 343.3
review: Great game, but it has the biggest learning curve of any game I've played. If you have some friends who know how to play it, have them teach you. If you don't like it, it was free anyway :0
game-hours: 984.3
review: yes
game-hours: 867.6
review: Jebanje majki
game-hours: 1696.4
review: VERY ADDICTIVE, BEWARE!!!
game-hours: 4121.1
review: 2500+ hours... simply the best MOBA on the market today.
game-hours: 1036.4
review: ed my life for shoure
game-hours: 929.0
review: :D
game-hours: 325.3
review: yes
game-hours: 2284.8
review: gg
game-hours: 729.6
review: Regained my virginity 10/10
game-hours: 663.0
review: More effective at helping you learn Russian than Rosetta Stone. Highly Recommend.
game-hours: 267.6
review: I like this game bcs friends for all over the world can play and meet more friends :) !!
game-hours: 49.2
review: stupid game for kids <3
game-hours: 1522.9
review: Awsome
game-hours: 4859.5
review: The beginning of and whole strategy of MOBA or ARTS (another games is only a subset of richfull MOBA)
game-hours: 4595.0
review: Its ok.
game-hours: 31.8
review: Once upon a time there was a boy who was in the FaZe Clan. He loved quickscoping ppl in Call of Duty, and he loved playing CSGO. His most cherished weapon was his P2000 Franklin, which he named "Lord Farquad's Holy Pistola". But one day he realized, "Is a 360 YY Noscope Headshot what I really want?" He talked with his mate, a good ol' pal from Scotland about his recent Quickscope boredom and he said this, "I have come to the same #struggles m8, but in my time of darkness, Lord Gaben showed me to the light." "But how?" I asked, perplexed with this impossible thing. The Scotsman took him down to the Steam Store, and showed him a game hidden in a corner. He told me, "Only the strongest and wisest may find there way to this game..." As he waved his hand twoards the strange red insignia. "Oh what ever is it?" I asked him, eyes wide with perplexion, "This is the game League despises, and one of the hardest MOBAS in the world, but Lord Gaben hath bequeathed upon us to conquer it." He told me. This game was Dota 2. 15/10 better than league
game-hours: 88.8
review: DOTA 2 is for certain the best MOBA game on the market. Completely free to play, with all heroes unlocked from the start. Plenty of patches have changed how characters work, added different events, and added more heroes to play with; making it a great package for the price of... well nothing! If you are new to MOBAs; DOTA 2 may be a hard game to get into due to the high learning curve. Do not have that discourage you however, as plenty of hours are waiting to be taken by this fantastic game.
game-hours: 2177.2
review: Eeeeeh
game-hours: 3781.1
review: ez game ez life.
game-hours: 1436.6
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 1925.8
review: legend
game-hours: 3.9
review: i play league. i don't ing know whats going on
game-hours: 2386.0
review: The thing is......you can hate it or love it....but you just cant stop playing this game.
game-hours: 1380.0
review: Awesome game! Very addicting :)
game-hours: 487.2
review: The most addictive and enjoyable game. that is actually intelectually and very interative.
game-hours: 17.7
review: Really good game
game-hours: 941.1
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1733.7
review: Perfect game
game-hours: 816.3
review: addict game for play
game-hours: 2859.0
review: dota dia e noite dotadota dota dota do ta
game-hours: 788.4
review: love it
game-hours: 650.4
review: nicw
game-hours: 0.2
review: the best moba
game-hours: 74.5
review: cool game i like it
game-hours: 224.4
review: Game is dope.
game-hours: 636.3
review: Strategy and fun to play.
game-hours: 3094.7
review: highly recomend this game to anyone very competitive and fun to play with friends via online.
game-hours: 627.6
review: dumest game ever
game-hours: 351.3
review: wow ,this is so amazing ....
game-hours: 1887.2
review: LoL clone, HoN knockoff, complete waste of time- 10/10
game-hours: 383.3
review: holy
game-hours: 5718.3
review: best game ever :)
game-hours: 3059.7
review: like :3
game-hours: 90.4
review: Remember its only a game.
game-hours: 824.2
review: steals time quicker than a gypsy government benefits
game-hours: 2712.4
review: awsome game
game-hours: 1895.7
review: Not for the faint of heart. But as you learn, the game gets more challenging and interesting. Don't listen to other people. Never. Especially Trolls. Have fun!
game-hours: 882.9
review: no one cant stand to play Dota 2!
game-hours: 3262.5
review: the best game ever!!! ILOVEDOTA
game-hours: 550.1
review: Dota 2 is a outstanding game and is really fun 10/10 Would kill for it
game-hours: 1009.7
review: Choose life. Choose a job. Choose a career. Choose a family. Choose a ing big television, Choose washing machines, cars, compact disc players, and electrical tin can openers. Choose good health, low cholesterol and dental insurance. Choose fixed-interest mortgage repayments. Choose a starter home. Choose your friends. Choose leisure wear and matching luggage. Choose a three piece suite on hire purchase in a range of ing fabrics. Choose DIY and wondering who the  you are on a Sunday morning. Choose sitting on that couch watching mind-numbing spirit-crushing game shows, stuffing ing junk food into your mouth. Choose rotting away at the end of it all, pissing your last in a miserable home, nothing more than an embarrassment to the selfish, ed-up brats you have spawned to replace yourself. Choose your future. Choose life . . . But why would I want to do a thing like that? I chose not to choose life: I chose something else. And the reasons? There are no reasons. Who needs reasons when you've got Dota 2?
game-hours: 1957.1
review: it's ok
game-hours: 180.1
review: .
game-hours: 859.0
review: this is best online rpg ..
game-hours: 1649.5
review: cats
game-hours: 3713.8
review: awesome game!
game-hours: 0.1
review: Its a game.
game-hours: 1120.3
review: 10/10
game-hours: 2129.0
review: Addictive Exhilarating Frustrating If you are new to dota or new to moba in general. Prepare for a huge learning curve or give up now than waste time and give up in the middle. Not much to talk regarding the Game. Its a very nice Overhaul of Dota 1. It is Free to play. This game is the very definition of Free to play or what Free to play games should be like The other So called Free to play games out there are nothing more than freemium games where you pay to dominate or pay to experience new heroes. No offense. Patches are there every few months which redefines the game creating new Metas This game is mostly dependent on the people you play with. It can rated 10/10 or 6/10 mostly dependent on your teammates. Atleast that is my perspective. The perspective is entirely dependent on the fact that you are aware of its gameplay mechanics and you play like 50% of the people out there. Examples would be Supports not Supporting (No Wards/Courier/Dewarding but taking last hits/Kill Stealing). Kill Steal is relatively easy for support as they are mostly start - mid gamers. Mostly skill dependent but the their skill dmg is pretty good for start game. Examples of carries not carrying (Got no idea how to LH/ Leave a kill and sometimes they will let them escape. Happens rarely./NCING WHEN YOU HAVE A FREE LANE. I really got no idea why some people do this its just 10mins you are frigging heavy and you are ncing when there is a frigging free lane/Roaming in ganks when you can get free farm. I dont mind them roaming in ganks if we successfully pull of the gank but most of the ganks end up with neither side initiating and it will be like a standstill which wastes the farm of a heavy carry and also the exp/ this is applicable for semi they sometimes spend most of their time farming when they could do some good in ganks and sometimes for heavy where they farm full game and go rosh and back to farm.) Community - 2.5/10 No map awareness No CHAT Awareness Crude/Harsh/Egoistic/ I got no idea where they come from If you are in a 3k MMR rating like me dont expect good teammates. More than half of them are trash like players. The remaining % would be pretty decent and encouraging players if you find any like that. I have been ingame with a couple of decent and gameplay encouraging gamers. Too much Cussing. If you play dota please dont do this. It not only affects your game but also your teammate or teammates if they are in a party and it will be a internal outbreak. Spend more time chatting less time focusing on the game I recommend you get a couple of your friends 2-3 is good so that you can even out the picks and enjoy the game. Right now my main issue is with the community Win or loss does not matter much as long as you enjoy the game. Unless your opposition is a bunch of people who trashtalk then Winning matters VERY MUCH. -8.5/10 Warning May or may not ruin your life. The choice lies with you. You may experience a variety of uncontrollable emotions.
game-hours: 775.8
review: iki game sing marai kowe ra iso mandek, paling mandek yo goro2 kalah terus :v
game-hours: 447.4
review: dota2
game-hours: 687.8
review: Best game I ever played.
game-hours: 279.5
review: Tired of your happy life? This game is for you. 10/10
game-hours: 1134.6
review: i love this game :D
game-hours: 4469.1
review: GGWP
game-hours: 564.6
review: addicting
game-hours: 1354.9
review: good game :)
game-hours: 493.0
review: It's like League but hella complicated and with a really weird meta but it looks shiny n stuff so yeah play it unless you're like diehard League or something
game-hours: 748.8
review: What I really like about this game is when i meet new people's in my life.
game-hours: 5311.7
review: ghfgh
game-hours: 309.1
review: i like it so much..... coz. it helps me n my life too/ instead of gambling n mostly my vices... i spent my time at this game...... hopely u have a new version ...
game-hours: 807.1
review: Thanks Volvo for teaching me more Russian than a tutor would since you don't want to ban Russia from Europe servers.
game-hours: 455.0
review: Dota 2 is the first MOBA game I played. Good graphics,good game meta and also very strategic . Overall a very good game, just that in SEA server the connection was not very stable. I've experienced many times that in the end of a winning game my line disconnected, and the enemy team did not pause for fair play(it was a party of 5). Resulting a lost when we reconnect, downgrades our game experienced deeply. Will be great if valve could make an autopause if found the whole team disconnected. So that it would be fair.
game-hours: 18.2
review: I've never played a game like this before nor do i like to, but when i first played this game i saw a type of unique feel to this game. I really enjoy this game alot and would recommend it to anyone who love strategy games as much as i do :-)
game-hours: 861.1
review: Superb game. Thanks to steam and all those who's behind it.
game-hours: 861.1
review: Superb game. Thanks to steam and all those who's behind it.
game-hours: 205.1
review: nc
game-hours: 1064.1
review: Strategy, teamwork, nastyness, epic, and awesome players. That's what you really want to see in this game. A game played with Pros and Newbies (noobs like me). Playing this game makes you wake up earlier and stay awake longer. ou don't even worry about being hugry while playing (my parents should be proud of me because I am not wasting money for junkfoods and drain their wallets to feed me lol). there are also lot of things I hate about (not the game but the players). intentional feeding, intentional AFK, intentional "f"s (whatever "f" has to offer). Anyway, this game is great and i will still play it.
game-hours: 2486.7
review: Best game EVER!
game-hours: 641.0
review: I love this game
game-hours: 1530.5
review: Best game I've ever played. Game-Set-Match. End of story. Period. 10/10 Would Dota again.
game-hours: 0.2
review: Pretty  TBH
game-hours: 835.2
review: Original of MOBA and Need "High" Teamwork.
game-hours: 699.6
review: this game is soul crushingly sad and based entirely on trolling,rude comments and being made fun of... Then you get to kill them.
game-hours: 2267.1
review: i like this game. its like stress reliever to me. its my passion, my game. i recommend this game to those who always alone, this game might help you. you can enjoy playing while chatting with friends.
game-hours: 2010.0
review: I used to have dreams and aspirations but then dota happened.
game-hours: 120.0
review: Bye social life...I'm playing Dota 2...
game-hours: 891.3
review: It's a pretty good Moba and i really enjoy this game more than any moba i ever played.
game-hours: 999.8
review: 8 out of 8 m8
game-hours: 1569.4
review: It's a boss game.
game-hours: 977.8
review: Dota 2 > LoL
game-hours: 27.4
review: I somehow have 27hrs clocked into this game. I've watched countless youtube videos showing how to play this game. Thanks to my understanding of the various beginner/intermediate/pro level strategies/habits and a clear view of just how steep the learning curve is, I've essentially cowed myself into sticking with the training campaign for fear of being an anchor. I don't play anymore, but I love watching/critiquing videos. I just thought I should let you know that.
game-hours: 838.8
review: XD
game-hours: 1182.8
review: ^_^
game-hours: 442.1
review: Best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1005.8
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 3593.7
review: DOTOOOOOOOOOOOOO
game-hours: 4208.1
review: Play this game is you are both: Top slayer Bill payer
game-hours: 1872.3
review: Dota 2 is a moba game and is a continuing of map Defence of the Ancients on WCIII TFT
game-hours: 1717.9
review: theres a reason this game is number one day after day and its because they laced it with highly addictive drugs and drugs r bad mmkay
game-hours: 1255.3
review: This Game is good for your life.
game-hours: 283.7
review: Yes.. i recommend this game .. Full of Fun :) play as you Like :) .. please Enjoy.. tri it u will see :)
game-hours: 2165.1
review: If you like ripping your  off this is the game for you. 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 1320.8
review: Show kkkkkkkk
game-hours: 6.3
review: League of Legends is love, League of Legends is life.
game-hours: 2761.5
review: Best game i ever played, so addicted. cant stop.
game-hours: 251.9
review: YEAH NICE GAME :)
game-hours: 0.3
review: B.O.R.I.N.G. Best Online Really Interesting Nice Game
game-hours: 1597.7
review: nothing to say! go play!
game-hours: 31.2
review: haha <>GM<>
game-hours: 357.7
review: Its Good :D
game-hours: 1403.3
review: I liked this Dota 2 the way it is.
game-hours: 540.3
review: Good Game
game-hours: 845.6
review: It's a wonderful game
game-hours: 394.1
review: g
game-hours: 657.1
review: good hahha
game-hours: 121.6
review: DotA 2 ftw!
game-hours: 230.9
review: NOTHING\
game-hours: 338.5
review: Exciting
game-hours: 517.2
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 1283.7
review: :P
game-hours: 714.2
review: Good online game
game-hours: 902.4
review: fun and enjoyable ;)
game-hours: 941.2
review: pretty.
game-hours: 1627.7
review: Awesome game :)
game-hours: 609.4
review: i like all of what i can see in dota
game-hours: 6237.7
review: Can't really recommend it. Too addictive.
game-hours: 198.1
review: this is a cool game
game-hours: 661.2
review: haaha
game-hours: 973.9
review: Nice
game-hours: 1436.2
review: ASTIG !
game-hours: 1783.4
review: This game is the best game of all time . I think that dota will last forever . I want to see my son play dota :3
game-hours: 5501.9
review: > Game is hard
game-hours: 550.5
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 848.6
review: Best game
game-hours: 848.6
review: Best game
game-hours: 470.5
review: Go
game-hours: 131.3
review: bom
game-hours: 270.5
review: Putin is winning the war digitally through this.He is coordinating the attacks on newbs and anyone outside Russia.0/10. Would say Blyat to their face again.
game-hours: 730.4
review: Koooo!
game-hours: 1644.8
review: educational game about russian culture. not much else to say here
game-hours: 1452.2
review: nice)
game-hours: 1226.0
review: Friendly community!
game-hours: 27.0
review: Hey this game takes time lots and lots of time and skill. Welcome to Dota You Suck!!!!
game-hours: 416.0
review: good
game-hours: 1626.3
review: Best MOBA !
game-hours: 1220.3
review: hell yeah, i recommend this game!
game-hours: 192.5
review: A great game. The trading system, even with the "untradeability" status, is good. It has the great security against scams and others. The gifting system is nice too.
game-hours: 2028.9
review: giff me life back
game-hours: 804.2
review: yeah...
game-hours: 1301.4
review: WOW
game-hours: 1897.7
review: yes or no.. go go go dota..
game-hours: 1260.9
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 343.6
review: its like a world with badass 103 heroes to play right now onthe 1 januari 2014 its fun if you have friends its even more fun plus its free to play so
game-hours: 819.1
review: Great game, but very difficult to learn ;). In my opinion best MOBA.
game-hours: 1266.0
review: gg
game-hours: 2898.6
review: i like the graphics and items in thi game i love the controll and the stratgey
game-hours: 3059.5
review: 10/10 russian language simulator
game-hours: 360.0
review: Nice game!
game-hours: 2628.6
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1017.1
review: tu tu ru~
game-hours: 44.9
review: Their is a reason why Portal is said to strengthen your brain more than Luminosity. It challenges you to think and is also very funny. This game is fun but also not adicting at all. I highly recomend this game.
game-hours: 1246.4
review: Took over my life 10/10
game-hours: 969.8
review: it's s h i t
game-hours: 2633.0
review: Words can't describe..
game-hours: 459.1
review: nice and fun game
game-hours: 3.3
review: great game
game-hours: 691.5
review: WHAT IS DOTA 2? BEING A SUPPORTER: WARDS, WARDS , WARDS, UP COUR, WHY NO BLINK DAGGER,  NOOB( I FREAKING BROKE U ) BEING A CARRY: OWNED THE LANE AND BECAME FAT WHILE OPPONENT BECOME FATTER BY FARMING UR TEAMMATES( NOOB!!!!! FAIL LANE AND MAKE OPPONENT FAT( FOR GOD SAKE SEE UR SCORE AND WHO FEED THE OPPONENT ERS) BEING A OFFLANE: COME HELP TOP, MID AND BOT AND WHEN U ARE NOT ABLE TO HELP THEY WILL CALL U NOOB(U THINK THAT I AM A NINJA THAT CAN SPLIT MYSELF INTO 3 LANES AND HELP OTHERS? S FOR LIFE) READ THIS REVIEW AND SELF REFLECTION U  S!!! AND PUB MATCH IS FLOODED WITH UNKNOWN LANGUAGE(PHINOY) AND THEY WOULD NOT UNDERSTAND WHAT TO DO..............
game-hours: 5366.1
review: REALLY GOOD GAME
game-hours: 177.4
review: hehehehehe...................
game-hours: 747.9
review: Good Game
game-hours: 1363.3
review: Is gud game
game-hours: 745.6
review: We love dotooooo <3
game-hours: 161.0
review: Noice !
game-hours: 370.8
review: Recommended Game
game-hours: 4471.1
review: n1
game-hours: 2678.6
review: GOD!
game-hours: 566.8
review: u are aws0me
game-hours: 686.3
review: Good game, very well made. The community ranges from extreemly unpleasant to somewhat friendly. Hours of good fun and competition that is always better than you.
game-hours: 640.1
review: Awesome <3
game-hours: 2223.8
review: just get it and get going. :D
game-hours: 1317.3
review: Best game :D .
game-hours: 40.5
review: nice
game-hours: 947.2
review: What will happen after playing this game -You can speak Russian -Faith in humanity lost -Teamwork sucks balls -Its never your fault, its your support's fault
game-hours: 1244.6
review: Dota2 is perfect game for team fight, Dota single pulse (0.0) (-.-') ( ) -E >>>>>>>>> hook >>>>>>>>>> /|\
game-hours: 574.3
review: 100
game-hours: 1677.4
review: good game, i like it
game-hours: 1284.2
review: I love this game!. :)
game-hours: 2618.6
review: tralala bnyk sakai noob
game-hours: 546.8
review: super Spiel
game-hours: 1694.4
review: LUCK, SKILLS and a way to forgot about your problems...
game-hours: 360.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 132.2
review: good strategy game
game-hours: 992.4
review: nice
game-hours: 785.6
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 890.1
review: It teaches teamwork . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . IT'S FREE!!!
game-hours: 1066.7
review: 0/10
game-hours: 562.6
review: Incredibly good game. However, do not get at all if you want to be able to tolerate russians/Ukranians/anybody who does not speak English.
game-hours: 339.1
review: Best game ever ^^!
game-hours: 2501.0
review: very good game!
game-hours: 125.7
review: why i download dota2 cannot play?auto disconnet..
game-hours: 1067.6
review: 11    Sing .        . ,   -  striming.    ,         CRI,   ,     DOTO.     ,         "  ".      ,   ,    ,     .  ,   -    .
game-hours: 1339.7
review: Best MoBa game ive ever played, this is more hardcore than most of the MoBa games out the, so if you don't want a noobfriendly game this is it! You can lasthit your creeps and deny enemy creeps, you can kill people at lvl 1, and the hero's in this game, omg they are just so awesomelooking! If you like MoBa games, this is definitely the best of them all!
game-hours: 596.1
review: This is a game that I play alot. I like it ALOT.<------inside joke if you have see the movie. It is a very fun game.
game-hours: 1787.7
review: good game (y)
game-hours: 1434.9
review: very very recommended
game-hours: 5.6
review: I think that this game is awesome and well made, but its just not my type of game!! I like playing Leauge of Legends more :D !!!!!!
game-hours: 1280.0
review: the very best in Lords Management. still not worth the ridiculous time investment.
game-hours: 5645.2
review: Stronk team work
game-hours: 1474.5
review: DOTA 2 Is the best MOBA game around there. A lot of hearoes to pick, a lot of tactis, and strategy its only minus is poor mach making (one u playing with pros and one with noobs) and too much Peru and Russia in your team.
game-hours: 1725.2
review: .     .       (  warcraft)       ^_^.        ()         !
game-hours: 563.8
review: ......
game-hours: 70.4
review: THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 715.4
review: like it
game-hours: 818.7
review: This game is very good especially if you are searching for team games moba
game-hours: 2296.0
review: Best game in the world ever .
game-hours: 1208.7
review: Network is offline for an hour....
game-hours: 1392.4
review: the game is really nice!!!!!!
game-hours: 470.9
review: Fun game. Hard game. Lots of jajajajjajjajaj noobs. Techies op
game-hours: 1611.2
review: Pretyy addicting I gotta say
game-hours: 1764.2
review: Dota 2
game-hours: 5204.9
review: The classic WC3 map from IceFrog totally revamped and upgraded to fit in the e-sports scene.One of the best games I ever played and continue to play without getting even a little bored.It is getting better and better by the time as updates keep coming.This year every team member of the team that wins the main event of Dota 2 will be a millionaire.That's astounding for 4 years of existence in the MOBA genre which changed after the arrival of this game.
game-hours: 120.5
review: this game is one to rule them all , it is one of the most games that effected me ( and my grades ) and made a big difference in my life . why ? cuz its a million times better than league of freaks i mean legend.
game-hours: 1353.8
review: IS good
game-hours: 1754.0
review: Helo ! :)
game-hours: 505.6
review: Best of The Best
game-hours: 1506.9
review: what year is it? 10/10
game-hours: 62.2
review: sweet
game-hours: 5.3
review: I would reccomend this game if you like games like Diablo. This game is good for beggining rpg gamers, so you can really get the feel of a well balanced rpg. What I truly like about this game is how you can be on skype with a buddy and rant about how much you want to punch the enemies in the face once they beat your butt...yea...i went there. Awesome game...ill stop talking.
game-hours: 1015.7
review: waaww the best game i have ever play
game-hours: 358.4
review: good game for free
game-hours: 43.1
review: Dota is pretty phresh, wide variety of heroes and keen to see more <3
game-hours: 1544.2
review: I Love this Gaame ,., GGWP hehhee
game-hours: 6138.9
review: mangtap gan
game-hours: 749.3
review: nice game and not bored cause every update this game u can find a great fantasy
game-hours: 16.6
review: Good enough to play.
game-hours: 1077.8
review: 4 Carries on a team, They were all pinoys. Brace yourself and have fun! :D When you met a support team mate, please be good to him. It is very rare to met a man like him in SEA server. Goodluck!
game-hours: 750.7
review: Very fun and competitive.
game-hours: 641.2
review: Good Game WP :D
game-hours: 864.2
review: superb game
game-hours: 387.6
review: Awsome !!!!!!
game-hours: 2388.7
review: Its not a game Its DotA
game-hours: 1292.1
review: I love this kind of cool games So exciting !
game-hours: 1684.5
review: best game
game-hours: 70.7
review: not the best game
game-hours: 485.3
review: good game
game-hours: 237.3
review: Best game
game-hours: 1755.1
review: DNO!
game-hours: 2398.7
review: best game ever. lol
game-hours: 176.1
review: Very addictive :)
game-hours: 6041.3
review: Steam Validation Rejected --> Disconnected --> Low Prio --> Spam Games --> Got out of Low Prio --> Same things happen again
game-hours: 1698.3
review: gr8 m8 i r8 8/8 - IGN
game-hours: 1610.1
review: Dota 2 is the game that i want to prove myself to be the best.
game-hours: 867.8
review: (y)
game-hours: 158.1
review: The legend says that you may encounter English speaking individuals on EU Servers...
game-hours: 891.3
review: DIS GAME IS A GAME ?!
game-hours: 945.9
review: GREATEST GAME IN THE FACE OF THE UNIVERSE OR IN THE FACE OF ANYONE..... :D
game-hours: 1008.8
review: the best MOBA i've ever played !!
game-hours: 1939.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 987.8
review: Brilliant game, made even more amazing with your friends' co-operation However, there is one bad side. Although this game is shockingly awsome, there is a bad point to it. There are some items that are incredibly rare and un-attainable unless you are willing to pay a good 30/50 for them. For example the Treasure of the Emerald Dragon that came out recently was only out for an hour and the items within it are amazing but are beyond comprehension and you'd have to sell an unusual of TF2 in order to obtain it. It's a fun game in itself, however I'm just a bit peeved that the developers would make it so impossible for fans to gain the cooler items they love and how some treasures are hidden from the public eye. Download the game, love it for what it is and sell your soul to it; then realise you can't obtain the beautiful items you would like :)
game-hours: 1248.7
review: Good game better than LoL
game-hours: 1430.2
review: ^_^
game-hours: 3207.8
review: It's fun. You'll like it!
game-hours: 194.7
review: , 1000+      ,! (..  )
game-hours: 502.6
review: dont try this game very addictive lol
game-hours: 337.4
review: >Join game >Watch your team pick Invoker, Pudge, Bloodseeker, and Riki >You just random at this point >End up with Jug >Team fights for mid >Team gets angry >No one gets courier >Get yelled at for being the best player >Team loses >Four reports+Abandon because you were AFK on the post game screen too long 10/10 would recommend to grandmother
game-hours: 4.9
review: This is the long anticipated sequeal to Half Life Episode 2. Your friends have it. Your family has it. Hell even your dog has this game. This game will turn your friends into enemies and make you want to go on a shooting rampage. PC gaming will never be the same. Thanks Valve. 1000/10 would buy for free
game-hours: 1382.8
review: Bad game do not play. Not recommended for anyone. LoL is not better, Broken MM with forced losses and victories. Features unfair heroes.
game-hours: 534.8
review: Decent first person shooter with bazookas, 40/55 toasts
game-hours: 1120.8
review: LIFE-CHANGING!!
game-hours: 989.7
review: Hope That There Wont Be Any More IDiots In This Game And Hope That The Item Drop Will Get Back
game-hours: 7.7
review: Awesome game, I haven't played it a lot. But the first experience of the game is really good. An excellent game!
game-hours: 2413.7
review: Good game
game-hours: 621.0
review: Good game :D Improving all the time :D
game-hours: 499.4
review: pidarast report
game-hours: 2222.1
review: Dota 2 > LoL
game-hours: 2545.0
review: excellent
game-hours: 1068.5
review: nice and beautiful game... strategy game and team work..
game-hours: 906.5
review: is good pal, really good games
game-hours: 498.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 211.6
review: epic  bc
game-hours: 580.5
review: nice video
game-hours: 809.2
review: Play Dota 2
game-hours: 1589.1
review: Dota 2 gave me bipolar and Tourette syndrome. 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 1876.5
review: I'd rather waste my life away playing Dota 2 than any other game, 10/10
game-hours: 213.9
review: The best MOBA I mean the BEST MOBA I've ever played. I played Smite, LoL etc.. But none can top this. While the game still has some of the best haters and critics, the game is kinda funny and how random moments seem to appear out of the blue. And the funny thing is EU servers actually work. I highly recommend DotA 2.
game-hours: 554.0
review: nic game
game-hours: 111.7
review: Best game on steam.
game-hours: 490.6
review: BEEEEEEEEESSSST EVER 10/10 ,,,,, NEW PPL TO GAME DO TRAINING AND WATCH TUTORIALS ON YOUTUBE
game-hours: 247.4
review: Dota 2 the best !!
game-hours: 6115.7
review: jucati-l;d
game-hours: 364.5
review: cool..
game-hours: 413.6
review: pro game i like very much
game-hours: 1211.6
review: Lots of fun and plenty of heroes to make you put hundreds of hours into the game.
game-hours: 379.0
review: 448
game-hours: 139.3
review: This Best Game Play
game-hours: 1178.9
review: goodbye social life
game-hours: 1749.2
review: Yes, I like this game.
game-hours: 719.2
review: good
game-hours: 1228.1
review: .       .  ,     2  .
game-hours: 10.2
review: Great game, it's league of legends but a little harder.
game-hours: 3676.1
review: yup...
game-hours: 1292.4
review: Ako bih morao da navedem jednu veoma zavisnu igricu, to bi bila Dota 2. Presavrena grafika, zarazan gejmplej sve to krasi jednu odlinu igricu, pripada i ovoj. Kad se na sve ovo doda i veliki izbor heroja, pa onda i items-a, shvatiete da ete mnogo sati provesti uz nju....
game-hours: 968.9
review: NOTHING ELSE
game-hours: 1503.5
review: i love this game ,cause i forgot my real game n life . why i like this game? if i had something problem and hard to fix . i just play dota 2 to refresh my anger....... hey guys u should play dota 2 its fun , nice and u can forget ur problem awhile .... but guys if u play this "dota 2' be sure that ur schooling is stable @80% grade hehheheh.... because DOTA is like DRugs to me
game-hours: 1380.6
review: K
game-hours: 2425.2
review: This is definitely an awesome release from Valve. A lot of changes from Dota, GET THIS GAME!
game-hours: 703.7
review: boring just boring recommend Alt+F4
game-hours: 3581.0
review: very nice game
game-hours: 25.9
review: ww
game-hours: 699.0
review: A great way to meet people and have fun with your friends. Dota is an all round epic
game-hours: 2003.8
review: 10/10 One Sentence Definition for DOTA 2 : "Best MOBA ever!"
game-hours: 565.4
review: mfw turn rate
game-hours: 1072.5
review: Russians Virtual World 10/10 would buy again
game-hours: 1102.6
review: zzzzzzz
game-hours: 1462.4
review: Great game if you have time to invest into learning the game. The game allows you to think critically and rewards you for smart gameplay.
game-hours: 1160.2
review: The most exciting, addicted game ! :)
game-hours: 1785.3
review: the best game there is
game-hours: 718.8
review: Its a good and fun Game that test your ability
game-hours: 657.8
review: yes
game-hours: 757.9
review: very fun to play, alot of customization for the hero you like or just for costume fun and the game is always evolving
game-hours: 410.9
review: nice games
game-hours: 225.5
review: please help us here in the Philippines because the local states are planning on total ban of the game here .. many filipinos are playing in here help us
game-hours: 342.8
review: Nice!
game-hours: 566.8
review: Good
game-hours: 2155.9
review: Nice Game :)
game-hours: 3976.0
review: Perfect game but people make it tedious sometimes as everything. Games Graphics are amazing same with the voice of the characters and heroes. the gameplay it's just amazing and balanced, and the most important thing it's that takes time to learn how to play and its harder than the most games I have ever played. Why is hard? Because its not only about learn the game mechanics, its about to make the right decision at the right moment, that's probably the most hard part. You can know what every heroe does but if you do not make the right choice you probably lose the momentum. By the way enemies make mistakes too, so the team that wins is the one that is better at handling situations. This game will frustrate you at the maximum levels of frustration. because the great mayority of the players plays like 10, 11 or more games per day, when do you play so many games in a row, you'll be stressed and you're starting to ruin games for people who just started to play the first match of the day, when you are stressed you will start destroying the morale of your team because of some action that someone did bad in previous games. This is probably the best hardest part of this game. You have be calm, work as a team, thats the SENSE of this game.
game-hours: 2127.9
review: awesome as always
game-hours: 795.2
review: wew
game-hours: 1029.1
review: DONT SPEND REAL MONEY ON COSMETIC GUYS
game-hours: 1864.8
review: good
game-hours: 195.7
review: My most playyed game hehe
game-hours: 866.6
review: A continuation of Dota 1 with overall better gameplay. Highly recommended to play!
game-hours: 1161.3
review: Best MOBA. Haters gonna hate.
game-hours: 10.0
review: Fun Game
game-hours: 884.1
review: Very Nice
game-hours: 1647.4
review: It's a purgatory simulator based on the existential novel No Exit, in which you are trapped in a game with 9 other people who hate you. You spend your time killing the same enemies, who spawn every 30 seconds for all eternity, until you have amassed an arbitrary amount of gold/items with which you kill the other team. The worst 2 players in the game are blamed for every mistake made and ridiculed without mercy, while the player with the highest kill/death ratio (often times not the best player) calls you a  for a 60 minute duration. It's a really nice game and I highly recommend it.
game-hours: 1297.4
review: ppq
game-hours: 749.7
review: Nice game
game-hours: 94.4
review: nice game! :d
game-hours: 2077.6
review: dota sucks
game-hours: 1648.8
review: Nice and good game
game-hours: 1980.3
review: ing top kek 11/10 would play. GEt to know the friendly community, play alongside and against like minded people from all over the world (wether you like to or not), make friends (LOOOOOOOOOOOOL) and most of all never go full davai.
game-hours: 2146.6
review: This game is so cool, its the best strategy game that test's one's mind and a team's teamwork.
game-hours: 2230.0
review: ez rare ez life ez lose...ggwp
game-hours: 696.7
review: liked :-)
game-hours: 928.8
review: Hi
game-hours: 2776.7
review: Best RTS game
game-hours: 2258.8
review: Best Russian lessons app online.
game-hours: 422.0
review: Nice game but need fix in bot match. Please make the bot more harder so I can enjoy play the game
game-hours: 4502.7
review: 3
game-hours: 464.3
review: DOTA 2 IS SO COOL I LOVE IT
game-hours: 127.7
review: Best free to play game of all time. Requires skill and brains. No crap forcing you to buy stuff. You can play this game for 1000hr and not need to pay 0.01p. Great graphics, great gameplay, just brilliant.
game-hours: 378.7
review: Has more pr0n artwork than skyrim 10/10
game-hours: 505.5
review: GOOD GAME DUDE
game-hours: 96.1
review: Was once a LoL peasant, saw the light, and never returned (well that's a lie, did play League again, but this time I pwned)
game-hours: 1049.4
review: best strategic game. i like this game.
game-hours: 233.1
review: With a  community, you might be thinking, why should I get this game if it has the potential to be a LoL clone with a bad community. But to you I say, do some research and you'll find Dota to be the grandfather of some of the best MoBA games. I like the game because it gives gamers more of a competitive challenge.
game-hours: 998.0
review: I'm beginning to dislike Dota. The New Bloom festival has lots of bugs. My friends and I have been waiting for over 2 hours and we couldn't get a match in the 10 mins that you have to find a year beast brawl. Network it bad. Even in the same region I had 1000ms ping. X( Update 1: I have uninstalled Dota 2. Update 2: This link describes the things I felt while playing New Bloom accurately.
game-hours: 1139.1
review: Cool game!
game-hours: 754.7
review: This is an amazing 4 GB game but it turned into a tumour on my hardrive constantly growing, it weights around 25 GB now. Last time I opened my DVD Rom bits of the game fell out.
game-hours: 147.4
review: Dota 2 is one of the most rewarding games you will ever play... That is only if you play well against the opposition wether it is bots or humans doing well can depend on multiple factors such as teamplay and soloplay. I would reccomend doing a couple of bot matches before jumping into online as the people you are with can be quite hostile if you screw up to many times. I would reccomend dota 2 to anyone looking for a fun challenging game that rewards you for every correct move. 10/10
game-hours: 2829.5
review: epic game ever
game-hours: 613.6
review: A way to kill a day.
game-hours: 438.1
review: Played this game this is so awesome with very good graphics
game-hours: 2110.0
review: This game will physically, mentally and emotionally destroy you. I recommend it to all my closest friends because of the above reason.
game-hours: 129.8
review: Awesome game but very hard to get good at. If you're used to LoL, don't expect to be good at this game instantly. This is much different from other MOBA's and in my opinion, a lot harder. 8.5/10
game-hours: 343.2
review: Great game!
game-hours: 1617.1
review: Epic game with the best community.
game-hours: 4007.0
review: When I am drunk I make noise, otherwise I live quietly. This game taught me about self control and revealed itself as an anger management treatment. Despite my new alcohol problem, I feel confident; I am looking forward to have kids now. #Livinglifelikethecaptainofasinkingship #Wouldhitrockbottomagain
game-hours: 1814.1
review: ,        ...             ,   ,    2      . 10        .  10/10
game-hours: 25.5
review: Super gra! Gorco poleca Rocky^^PL!
game-hours: 668.4
review: Game of the year 2013 for me. Got a closed beta key of a friend of mine, and started playing some bots with another friend. We sucked, at first. Than we started to become better and have more fun playing. The last couple of months we've been playing almost on a daily basis. Dota 2 is a MOBA, a very popular gametype nowadays. But game has some interesting mechanics other MOBA's don't have. Those minor differences don't seem to make a huge gamechanger, but believe me: they do. I would highly recommend this.
game-hours: 708.3
review: yes I do
game-hours: 1316.8
review: Sole reason (other than my lack of self disipline) for ending 2 relationships and a job. 10/10.
game-hours: 1501.8
review: Better than League of Losers
game-hours: 2129.9
review: It's a funny and captivating game ^_^
game-hours: 42.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 14.0
review: good game but league of legends is more balanced
game-hours: 1864.4
review: nice game so many competition and stuff
game-hours: 1241.5
review: Great game A+
game-hours: 2155.6
review: Good game :)
game-hours: 1984.4
review: Good Game. Much Wow. Must play this game a very long time to get an ounce of Enjoyment out of it. And that little glimer of hope can be taken away and beaten from you mercillesly, in a matter of seconds.
game-hours: 39.3
review: A very enjoyable MOBA game, with the detail that stood out the most being that you don't need to purchase characters like in others. There are plenty of heroes to choose from to keep the game interesting.
game-hours: 2025.2
review: Way beyond other games
game-hours: 881.1
review: dota is my favourite game:>
game-hours: 1593.9
review: good job
game-hours: 467.1
review: DOTA 2
game-hours: 391.8
review: 11/10 would come to feed again~
game-hours: 395.1
review: This game is awesome, this Dota 2 connected in steam is perfectly nice protected from hackers and map hackers and cheaters.
game-hours: 65.0
review: Like Game
game-hours: 508.4
review: powerfull MOBA
game-hours: 1612.9
review: great game
game-hours: 717.8
review: (y)
game-hours: 548.1
review: Very Good Game!
game-hours: 1048.3
review: Lost 1048 hours of my life. Keep playing it!
game-hours: 61.1
review: A great MOBA to play.
game-hours: 563.2
review: MOBA
game-hours: 985.7
review: MEEPWNAGE IS LOVE. MEEPWNAGE IS LIFE.
game-hours: 625.1
review: good
game-hours: 601.3
review: BEST GAME I HAD EVER PLAYED
game-hours: 159.9
review: good game
game-hours: 384.5
review: best online game ever !
game-hours: 970.0
review: interesting
game-hours: 4080.2
review: DNIWE EBANOE
game-hours: 585.8
review: This is a good game
game-hours: 19.9
review: epic
game-hours: 3912.6
review: Great game. Possibly one of the greatest ever created. I daresay Jumanji even comes close. Maybe Jenga, but defintely not Jumanji. Unless we're talking about the 20th anniversary edition of Jumanji with the golden pieces, in which case it comes quite close to being nearly as fun and engrossing as DOTA (Defense of the Ancients). I may be a little biased regarding Jumanji, however, so I'm probably providing an unbalanced opinion. I'll start a new thread on Reddit about this to get to the bottom of it.
game-hours: 856.4
review: wadeplay
game-hours: 745.6
review: Dota 2 is ONE of the all time greats of all MOBAS. I have already put int 700+ hours and I can tell you a lot about the game. If you ever wanted a free to play long lasting taste in your mouth, then Dota 2 is the game for you. Just a word of advice though, hide your wallet! Pros: 1. Lots of heroes to choose from 2. Great combat 3. Nice graphics 4. Very creative heroes 5. Not pay to win with microtransactions 6. Steam tradeing and marketing 7. Made by one of the greats 8. Hundreds of hours of fun 9. Good animations 10. Good particle effetcs 11. Fun and exciting events 12. Steam workshop 13. Easy way to earn cash :D 14. Very competetive 15. Tons of different modes 16. HUGE player base 17. Very addicting.... VERY... 18. Awesome looking sets and couries that can keep things interesting Those are 'some' of the pros of Dota 2, and: Cons: 1. Rude and toxic community 2. Destroyed my last computer cause I played it too much :( But really, why isnt Dota 2 not in your library yet? ITS FREE!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 475.3
review: what a game !! so hype!! i recommend thiss!!
game-hours: 237.1
review: nice
game-hours: 966.8
review: unbalanced. developers keep goin on making the common heroes with cosmetics, meanwhile there are still heroes who doesn't get any cosmetics.
game-hours: 1727.0
review: I am a survivor.
game-hours: 1300.7
review: Hayst!
game-hours: 2074.1
review: Ruined my past life... 10/10 would play again :D
game-hours: 177.0
review: League of Legends is crap compared to this.
game-hours: 97.9
review: asdasd
game-hours: 655.2
review: This is a well done game i must say. I didnt expect the community to be so competetive and the gameplay intense. 9/10
game-hours: 378.9
review: hui hui
game-hours: 187.7
review: Really cluncky, and has some serious balance issues. The only advantage of this game over other MOBAs is the community, however the community can only do so much. The mechanics and the whole low prio system don't do anything for it. I really with they would improve the movement in the game, perhaps by implementing a system like another MOBA League of legends. Over all I would say its worth a play, considering that it is on steam and the chances are you mates will be playing it, but I do believe its possition on steam, and the whole nostalgia thing gives this game more popularity than it deserves. 4.5/10 Worth a play, but not the greatest game. 6.5/10 If your playing with firends.
game-hours: 357.4
review: Nice game
game-hours: 814.9
review: Becoming a play 2 win game for the events which dont not need skills and the community is very bad with lots of kids and useless feeders
game-hours: 1076.6
review: recommended game good one
game-hours: 261.6
review: DAMN FUN!
game-hours: 1114.0
review: Fun game, but people are super and unnecessarily rage-y... Beware the trolls. I will say, watching pro games is amazingly fun and interesting though!
game-hours: 1630.6
review: I have no idea what's goin' on right now.
game-hours: 1760.1
review: time killer achievement (y)
game-hours: 4048.1
review: One the best game created. A unique game which it is always under evolution, the the vast different styles you can approach the game makes it the best of its kind.I play this game for over 10 years and i still see the extreme possibilities.
game-hours: 3753.0
review: Interesting Game
game-hours: 5.9
review: I really found this game enjoyable, the thing I liked about this game is that its very easy to play but on the other hand, its challenging.
game-hours: 617.7
review: It's Dota, get it, play it, love it, live it.
game-hours: 2526.2
review: I began playing Dota in early WC3 days. Ever since starting the Dota 2 Beta, Steam and Valve have been making Dota 2 more exciting, challenging and innovative. Watching and playing Dota are better than ever. This should definitely be the flagship for playing a MOBA or any real computer game.
game-hours: 778.0
review: Addicting Game
game-hours: 2628.7
review: i say only stop feed game is best ! 100/100 rate
game-hours: 1605.2
review: Most addictive competivite strategy game out there. Love what they've done in terms of updating DOTA to a more modern, smoother feeling game.
game-hours: 1616.6
review: Good game for community
game-hours: 790.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 1326.2
review: Game is great. Highly recommend it.
game-hours: 956.4
review: 700+ Hours on this game and going strong!
game-hours: 277.5
review: Originally a Warcraft 3 mod, this highly influential arena style game has inspired many spin offs including the acclaimed League of Legends. Unlike League of Legends however, you can control all 112 heroes when you buy the game, and there is no "pay to win" features at all; all bonus items are purely cosmetic and for fun. The community can even create content that can be acquired in game! The only shortcoming to DotA is that it will be a little more difficult to pick up compared to League of Legends. Given the chance however, DotA2 will prove to be a much more balanced and skill-oriented experience, with meaningful item and ability selection and a more dynamic gold farming game which both provide superior short and long term strategic gameplay. Try the one that started it all, you won't be disappointed!
game-hours: 622.5
review: Love and hate. Rewarding to see the sum of your actions result in a win. Crushing when they don't matter or aren't good enough. Only played WoW for more hours than this game. Has enough variety, depth, and room to improve your skill that it goes on forever.
game-hours: 3320.4
review: Best 'How I Met Your Russia' simulator. 11/10 would play again.
game-hours: 739.1
review: Still better than League of Legends.
game-hours: 669.0
review: Great game for being free. Extremely addicting. You have been warned
game-hours: 2160.2
review: Trial by fire. Straight up. You're going to learn exceptions to the rule by being killed by them, and it's going to happen a lot. Dota is the most brutal learning curve of any game I've ever played. Sometimes in a well-done fashion, sometimes not. There are few games where I can honestly say that at 300 hours you have barely any true idea what you're doing. Amazingly complex game! Tons of fun, especially with friends. Not a casually oriented game at all, but enormously entertaining to play and watch. No grind, no microtransactions that affect gameplay in any way. No outside advantages, no premade skills. Everything happens in game and you need to be quick on your feet. Try it out! Just be warned that properly trying it out will take hundreds of hours. Relax, you're doing fine.
game-hours: 1658.8
review: it so fun!
game-hours: 2139.9
review: League of Legends is a great game.
game-hours: 510.1
review: DOTA2 is <3
game-hours: 1500.1
review: absolutely a best game ever :)
game-hours: 65.3
review: 10/10 would press buttons
game-hours: 1119.5
review: perfect game m8
game-hours: 1405.3
review: fdsfojpwerohg
game-hours: 2242.6
review: luv dis game from bottom :D
game-hours: 122.9
review: Hon is beter in team fights
game-hours: 1483.8
review: Likes : Everyhing about it. Dislikes : The ocasional horrible teamplay.
game-hours: 2.7
review: World's premiere Russian language learning software.
game-hours: 191.4
review: awsome
game-hours: 1908.5
review: super gd game
game-hours: 1002.3
review: very exciting game!!
game-hours: 561.9
review: yea
game-hours: 2825.1
review: gg
game-hours: 292.2
review: nice
game-hours: 1330.5
review: Newbies, expect alot of harsh comments. Go play with AI first!
game-hours: 426.6
review: If you want to feel heavily violated by Russians this is the perfect game for you! 10/10!
game-hours: 54.0
review: First and for all, it is free. It has exciting events and activities which players used their teamwork and skills to achieve a certain milestone(s) for that event. Also, this is a game where creativity among developers and fan users/players where introduced and expressed through designing items which are good.
game-hours: 2406.4
review: play dota 2 its awesome :D
game-hours: 2882.7
review: Requires: 1 Fluent Degree in Russian, an unrivalled grasp of battlefield tactics and a soul to surrender to play this game.
game-hours: 283.1
review: Great
game-hours: 4131.0
review: 10/10 consumed my life
game-hours: 93.6
review: OP Game xD
game-hours: 639.9
review: i like this game surely , and many friend here
game-hours: 500.8
review: A lot better than LoL, community is pretty active and the grafics are awasome. Dota 2 is complex, have a lot of feeders and latin f*gs and Russians but is a great game! LoL Life steal : 50% Dota 2 Lifesteal : 200%
game-hours: 1913.4
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 3046.6
review: sukoooonyoooo...
game-hours: 1042.2
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 3587.5
review: best game ever i play
game-hours: 3235.8
review: 6.82 dota !
game-hours: 927.6
review: It gave me ebola but I still keep playing for some reason. 3/10, Amazing - IGN
game-hours: 772.0
review: This is great but the problems is RUSSIANS
game-hours: 537.9
review: League of Legends is for boys. Dota 2 is for grown  men; well mostly grown- Russian men that play on US Servers leading to the usual "I don't ing understand you" banter.
game-hours: 0.3
review: Installed it, looked at the menu, uninstalled. This is the furthest i've got with a moba
game-hours: 542.7
review: awesome yet sucks
game-hours: 759.6
review: hmmm. I like every and any games. I dont really care about the graphics :3
game-hours: 1462.8
review: Very good strategic game...Love it so much !
game-hours: 1552.6
review: Ruins lives.
game-hours: 679.0
review: Good game
game-hours: 29.8
review: Teaches you Russian profanity.
game-hours: 156.2
review: recommended
game-hours: 158.7
review: You won't play anything else once you get into this game....
game-hours: 2289.4
review: nice game..
game-hours: 176.7
review: nice game .. :))
game-hours: 1238.0
review: amazing game, never bore even if playing it all day.. best moba ever..
game-hours: 2098.3
review: GOOD !
game-hours: 103.1
review: A very addictive game but still is awesome and requires practice. Practice makes a man perfect in anything
game-hours: 1260.4
review: Do i need to say more to Dota2? Dota2 has brough a new level on the competitive gaming, it has redefined esports and made the biggest prizepool ever in competitive gaming. Its a 10/10 from me
game-hours: 2380.5
review: Stratergy based game .. Good ..
game-hours: 312.5
review: great game bad sport players. i love everything about dota 2 except the people who boss you around and say suck a  every game. wouldnt reccomend because so many bad sports everywhere. the person said that because i coudnt protect ancient because creeps everywhere i did my best and what i get is suck a  how about you duck a .
game-hours: 1298.5
review: This game makes me MADDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
game-hours: 3291.1
review: good
game-hours: 1255.6
review: Exotic, beautiful, amazing, and wonderful. <3
game-hours: 1413.9
review: 123
game-hours: 1422.9
review: good game,nice and really playable
game-hours: 517.3
review: Good game :D
game-hours: 446.2
review: ..Rampage!! :D
game-hours: 3776.9
review: I've played dota 2 since the 3rd quarter of 2012. So I've had it for 2 1/4 years. Thats 19710 hours. Now lets assume you're supposed to have 8 hours of sleep every day, so i've been awake supposedly for 13140 hours of that time? Now further lets assume you go to full time education (like i did) and spend approximately 4 hours a day in school/university (on average). That leaves you with 9855 hours. So I've had 9855 hours of spare time in the last 2 and a bit years to study, get fit, get a girlfriend, find a job and get successful and this time also includes eating time and laying around doing nothing/watching tv time. I've spent 1/3 of my time playing Dota 2? Is it an amazing game? Absolutely. If I could go back and decide whether to start playing it? Hell no. About 3k hours in dota 2, and probably about 1.5k hours in DotA. If i had done anything productive during that 4.5k hours I would be pretty rich or happy with my self by now. But instead i'm fat and have no job and got horrible grades in uni so far. Now that was the disclaimer. Time to rate the game out of 10 for graphics, gameplay, storyline, replayability and then an overall score. Moba's are not usually played for graphics so much. The main focus of the game is on the actual gameplay, but in comparison to the other big "moba" games, Dota 2 has quite good graphics. If you're looking for a visually amazing game you can spend time on, Dota 2 might not be the best choice, because its not really made for the graphics. If you want a moba with good graphics look at smite, dawngate or heroes of the storm (none of which i've played but their screenshots look like they have slightly better graphics than dota 2). Also, dota 2 has a few female characters but if your in it for the revealing type images of characters go play league of legends because you're probably gonna never load into a game without seeing bewbs. Graphics Score: 7/10 Gameplay. Dota 2 has amazing gameplay. After playing so many times i still feel like theres ever so little more i need to know because gameplay is changed slightly (or sometimes vastly) by patches. The patches are seeming to come more regularly (now 2 months in a row with 1 patch per month). The skills a dota 2 player needs to learn to be really great can take years and years to get good at. Reaction time isn't the only important thing but strategy and calculations are important. In comparison to LoL which is the only other moba i have played, Dota 2 has significantly more strategy involved in pub games. I play LoL game where people barely speak or plan out whats going on. In dota 2 there are so many tense occasions where you and your team have to roam the map and farm in a group and avoid smoke ganks. Other gameplay factors which enhance skill required is the timer system of jungle spawns (stacking, pulling), creep blocking, denying allied creeps (and heroes in some cases!) and the last most important thing is that whereas in LoL where a majority of heroes can solo kill others, you need to organise ganks very well with allies to get kills. Dota 2 takes a while to learn but the satisfaction is ever-present once you've gotten to a certain point. Gamplay Score: 10/10 Storyline. The lore in DotA was nice to learn about. The dota 2 lore is pretty bad and not really linked to the original game. Valve doesn't release any storyline related videos for dota 2 really. The advantage of this is that since the game has source film maker with it (i havent used sfm yet), a lot of talented people have created SFM videos on youtube which are really enjoyable to watch. Having said that if you want a game for its story I would not recommend dota 2 for that. Compared to games like smite and lol the character backgrounds aren't really important and many (including myself can't be bothered reading). The only story in the game is kind of a tutorial form which is nice for new players. Storyline Score: 4/10. Replayability. This is self explanatory. I have spent 4.5k hour around for this game and DotA. It is probably one of the most replayable games ever made. You will almost never have 2 games with the exact same heroes and team (unless maybe in captains mode where you can ban and pick) and games can last between 10 mins and 1 and a half hours (some are faster or longer but this is the general sweet spot with the average (non-abandoned) game lasting about 40ish mins). Replayability Score: 10/10 Overall. Dota 2 lacks a little bit in the story area but this game was not meant for that. This game was made for literally endless fun and playing. This overall score will not be an average of the other scores but more of the total enjoyability of the game i've been hooked on for the last 7 years. Overall Score 9.5/10 (not 10/10 because that would imply that its the most perfect game ever created, which i still think it could be a little bit better)
game-hours: 806.9
review: Its great for guys who like to stay at home!!! ;) (   )
game-hours: 1993.4
review: very nice game
game-hours: 3225.6
review: DotA > League of Lesbians Volvo > Rito
game-hours: 3526.4
review: TI4 HYPE
game-hours: 1563.2
review: Not sure why it took so long to do a review for this. Best game on steam its free and provides a experience that never gets boring with a competitive but fun enviroment. Great with friends even if they're FEEDERINOS!!!!
game-hours: 2138.3
review: Add bots to RMM, plose.
game-hours: 1075.8
review: Very Nice
game-hours: 1266.9
review: it is very adventurous game
game-hours: 813.8
review: Ruined 1000+ hours of my life. 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 2682.5
review: clever game to test your gaming skills
game-hours: 45.7
review: My favorite game ever.
game-hours: 4653.0
review: Great game..
game-hours: 2817.3
review: Buen juego :D
game-hours: 105.5
review: cool game
game-hours: 271.0
review: FREE THING IS THE BEST!
game-hours: 1265.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 213.0
review: Best game
game-hours: 625.8
review: 10/10 would get chain stunned by bots endlessly again
game-hours: 574.4
review: Best game.
game-hours: 2113.3
review: Dota 2 !
game-hours: 5.0
review: Its like skyrim with flying donkeys
game-hours: 779.0
review: Best Game ever!
game-hours: 46.5
review: Good game
game-hours: 6.5
review: fantastic game! great fun, easy to play and free to play! what more do you want :D
game-hours: 63.2
review: this game is good 4/20
game-hours: 1559.7
review: like the game
game-hours: 155.5
review: nice game xD
game-hours: 1435.2
review: i love this game,the only reason i hate it is because all the noob Pinoys -,-
game-hours: 2380.1
review: Approaching 2100 hours played...wow. While I do completely agree with the reviews that talk about how bad the community is, I have to say my experience of Dota on the whole has been very enjoyable. The mute option is great, I insta-mute anyone talking crap. Admittedly Dota has an incredibly high learning curve, and you will often find high level players playing on "noob" accounts so even the early matches for new players can be brutal. If you can push through the first couple of hundred hours of games ;) and ignore the torrent of expletives thrown your way when you let the team down!; you will find Dota 2 to be a: competitive, intense, challenging, and completely engaging experience.
game-hours: 567.5
review: good
game-hours: 70.8
review: i love this game its one of the best games on steam dota 2 i wanna go to the internatinal of dota 2 its so awsome i will go to the internatoinal that is my goal everyone your awsome if u play dota 2
game-hours: 1261.5
review: great gamee !
game-hours: 2539.2
review: Good Game
game-hours: 422.1
review: i like dota 2 bcoz its a lot of fun and bcoz i can play with my friends online dislike quiters thats all thank you
game-hours: 805.1
review: Great game, but the community can be very bad. I would suggest to find friends and play with them!
game-hours: 895.9
review: *Russian Simulator 2
game-hours: 695.1
review: Good gamerino!
game-hours: 2212.9
review: If you like strategy, team game play, and tons of hours of etertainment, GET. THIS. GAME. ASAP.
game-hours: 3901.0
review: Bestes Spiel, was es gibt in diesem Genre. Macht sehr viel Spa. Zeitloses Spiel
game-hours: 153.7
review: feeding
game-hours: 848.2
review: Best game to spend time and money
game-hours: 5847.3
review: Nice
game-hours: 3280.0
review: This game has taken my social life away 10/10
game-hours: 722.8
review: ATTENTION !! Addiction detected !! >.< play this and you will addicted trust me :)
game-hours: 1779.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 1455.0
review: intellectual game ;)
game-hours: 982.9
review: :yay:
game-hours: 1398.0
review: ZzZzZ
game-hours: 666.5
review: I want to make all the immortals decrease the fee.
game-hours: 53.9
review: nice
game-hours: 210.0
review: best moba game ever
game-hours: 1344.8
review: Obama Approves
game-hours: 1710.9
review: BEST RAGE INDUCER / LANGUAGE PACK / ADDICTIVE / MOBA GAME IN THE WORLD FEATURES:- 1) LEARN OVER 19 DIFFERENT LANGUAGES, MOST COMMON ONES BEING PEENOISE AND  LANGUAGES 2) RAGE ON YOUR TEAM AND ENEMY TILL YOU GET A HEART ATTACK 3) SPAM REPORT PLS TILL 40 MIN (TILL THE GAME ENDS) 4) RUIN YOUR DAMN LYFE
game-hours: 3308.1
review: Fun and competitive game
game-hours: 311.9
review: Awesome and addictive game
game-hours: 2287.6
review: very addictive.. kinda love it at tyms and smtyms hate myself for coming across this game :P
game-hours: 919.1
review: i love dota without any reason
game-hours: 499.6
review: KILL MY HEART
game-hours: 2989.7
review: Addiction imminent
game-hours: 804.0
review: yeah
game-hours: 952.9
review: Good game worthy to download trustme
game-hours: 4976.0
review: good game
game-hours: 866.6
review: Compendium simulator 2014
game-hours: 2059.8
review: russians.
game-hours: 1148.1
review: .....
game-hours: 992.5
review: Very fun 10/10 WS
game-hours: 13.4
review: ^^
game-hours: 1031.8
review: Dota 2 is one of the most fantastic strategy game i've ever played. There are some few things i'd like to review about some great features that Dota 1 hasnt: 1) Customize In-Game Effects. Valve really did a great job by adding some feature like customize hero with different types of armor. You can also customize courier, announcer, mega-kill voice, and loading screen. Good news is those items can be earned from drops after game that have a different drop chance depend on its rarity, the higher rarity = the better looks of items. so more play = more items ! :) 2) Level-system. Just like every online game does, you can't refuse a level-system. In Dota 2, The higher the level means the higher rarity of items you can get. You can earn a higher level by gaining battle points from every game you play 3) Ranked Match Feature. Valve also added ranked match feature. I think this is the very reason why i move to Dota 2 from Dota 1. After you reach level 13, you'll be able to play ranked match. There are two kinds of ranked match, first solo ranked match, second party ranked match. Solo ranked match works if you play alone (without party), party ranked match works if you play with your party that consist of 2,3 or 5 people. More rating you get means more skilled-person you can play with. 4) Watch Live Game and In-Game Replay Download. In Dota 1, you have to be an observer to watch a game. In Dota 2, Valve makes it easier by adding "Watch" tab in game. From this feature, you can spectate every single game from Steam server, not to mention you can also watch a professional match that is available everyday. If you think the game you watched is interesting, you are able to download the replay everytime and learn from it. I'm sorry for bad english, I hope this review's helpful. Regards, Heisenberg.
game-hours: 206.1
review: hi
game-hours: 608.1
review: good
game-hours: 1768.8
review: GGWP
game-hours: 1331.1
review: :O
game-hours: 1348.6
review: Very good game, i like this game because you have to think over and over to win the game
game-hours: 522.2
review: i got to "communicate" with people around the globe FB/10
game-hours: 931.5
review: good game well played
game-hours: 1418.1
review: The best game ever!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 2595.8
review: The most played and enjoyable MOBA of all times! Dota 2 is one of the games that i like the most in my life, and i recommend it to everyone that likes the MOBA style game. People always try to copy Dota, and create a "better" MOBA, but the true players recognize that there's only one good MOBA: Dota2.
game-hours: 2384.5
review: Dont play this game VERY ADDICTIVE!!!
game-hours: 2151.3
review: The best game in the world
game-hours: 462.5
review: The learning curve WILL beat your . No question. But get past it, and you'll find a team game of such depth and complexity that you'll forgive it anything.
game-hours: 496.0
review: i like this game
game-hours: 452.2
review: Dota 2 is one of the best games out there, provided you're not too obsessed with overrated first person shooters like Call of Duty. It might be a little bit complicated at first but when you figure out how it works you will never want to stop playing this game. In Dota 2 there are plenty of heros to play, as well as types of heros so that you will never be at a loss trying to find someone to suit you. There are a few things to be pointed out though, teamwork is essential to accomplish anything in this game, so try to work with your team. Also every now and then you will run into a jerk here and there(more like every game) but just ignore it and continue to be better than them. If you enjoy this game you might want to look into others like it, such as league of legends and smite. I wrote this review a while back but now looking back on it i realized i left out a good description of the actual gameplay and a list of the pros and cons. So here i am to fix that. I will start off with the pros and cons and then if you want to know how the game works read the following paragraphs/really extended sentences. Pros: -Really cool heroes -108+ people to play as. (they are continuing to make more) -Can run on high end computers as well as low, but on low end (meaning cheap) the graphics quality will be lacking but the game will still be quite playable. -Beautiful spell effects and cool noises -Somewhat interactive landscape. (YOU CAN EAT TREES!!!) -Very balanced games provided you choose your hero wisely. -No two matches will ever be quite the same. (but some can be stressful) -Many different roles to fulfill -Can report unsavory teamates, as well as commend friendly or helpful ones. (can be rewarded based on commendations or penalized based on reports.) -You can select the regions that you would like to play in, making matchmaking somewhat quicker and reduce the chance for lag. -Better than League of Legends... and Smite. Cons: -BIG ONE: even though your region settings are in your area and language set for english (or whatever you are set for.) you can very easily end up in a team where up to half or your entire team is speaking chinese, spanish and russian. this makes that game very difficult for you and infuriating as you stare at some spanish dude run into the enemy and feed them. -Though the lag is somewhat rare when it happens it is normally very bad timing and is impossible to do anything until the spike is over. -VERY MANY PEOPLE WHO THINK THEY KNOW WHAT THEIR DOING AND DON'T AND WHEN YOU TRY TO COMMUNICATE WITH THEM THEY CURSE YOU AND TELL YOU THAT YOU ARE "NOOB"....*pants*... you will run into like two at least every 1-3 games. but the good news is that there are good people out there. -Very hard for beginners. (try to find a person who has alot of hours on dota and friend them and ask for advice) -Tuturial didnt help much. (this may have changed) -Beyond those i cannot think of more cons at the moment. Hopefully this next segment will give you some insight on how dota works. Before you even open the game up have this in mind, You need to learn ALL of the heroes and how they work!. First off, this game is a birds-eye view moba strategy game. For those poor souls who dont know what this means these games typically have a map that has three lanes, each for different people with different roles. Each team has five people and each person should pick a hero that compliments the others members of your team's playstyle and hampers the enemy team's playstyle. Another thing, this isnt all out warfare, in the beginning of the game there will be small soldier type creeps (creeps are basically this game's mob's) which will run towards the enemy creeps along the lane and fight it out to the death. YOUR JOB is to last hit the enemy creeps if you are the carry, as getting the killing blow on a creep is the only way to gain gold from them. If you are the support your job is to A: harrass the enemy heros so that your carry can safely farm. B: Deny creeps (will explain later) and C: pull your lane back based on the enemie's pushing habits. If you happen to be mid you will be fighting the enemies mid for last hits, usually runes,(will get to this too) and this will take more skill to do normally. When you are mid you are alone in your lane and though takes a bit more skill you are rewarded by gaining more experience than your sidelanes, as they spilt the xp. The area in between the lanes is a big part of the game too, there are nuetral creep camps and shorter paths than through the lanes. Nuetral creep camps are just spots on the map where you can kill creeps for a bit of extra gold and XP and they respawn at every minute if no vision is on them. There are some heroes who can spend their entire game farming in the jungle so that one of their team members can get extra xp and the jungler can set up ganks (ambushes) later on. -To deny creeps is to kill friendly, low healthed creeps before the enemy can gain gold from last hitting it. -Runes spawn at bot sides of the river at each even minute (even 0:00) That was a bit rushed in some areas and a bit extensive in others and I know you wont remember ALL of this.This was just to give you a general rundown of how Dota 2 works but still, I thank you for reading this and I hope my long-winded review didn't bore you.
game-hours: 1113.8
review: i just like this game :))
game-hours: 3858.8
review: really fun
game-hours: 2297.0
review: Its good game but wit all joy in this game
game-hours: 571.8
review: why doTURD 2 is bad 1. Turn rates Not even half of dota2 players like it. Its kinda pathetic they couldnt make anything else which would prevent kiting . Because of it dodging spells and movement feels bad to me also it removes positioning from adc they can just stand in place and shoot while in lol you have to position 2. Lack of counterplay-- YEAH you can buy item 3kgold item to counter some specific **** about some .. but thats not the best system . In league you can also counter stuff in teamfights and by mechanics in dota2 There is lack of that -Also Dota2 is full of chaos and toxic tactics i wouldnt mind that if there werent lack of counterplay 3. Everyone can buy hard cc item doesnt that remove how cool ton of cc heroes are? I mean if you can buy silence.. silencer feels meh 4. Toxic amount of rng (luck based ****) Sniper chain stuns, Dodge etc 5. Every hero feels mysterious and dark (IS there any cute champion even? Must have missed it) 6. Mana costs/huge cds (Basicly why they have denying and why league doesnt need it I like denying though) 7. I appreciate the dota2 depth but there is alot of unnessesary depth .. LIKE WHY THE **** DO THEY USE OLD DOTA SYSTEM OF ITEMIZATION and why does every item have an active -I Dont even want to talk as mid laner how pathetic is abilities dont scale with items (except that ulti buff item thats cool) 8. Hiting skillshots in dota2 is a joke and there is no much skillshots 9. Screen is so much zoomed its annoying (specially when there is adc who have aa range of full screen) 10. No simetry in map 11. TO MANY PASSIVES on qwer(every champ) and yet they dont have passives like league 4 abilities+passive 12. There are no ability range indicators/they are wrong type or innacurate 13. You need specific keybindings to be able to play pudge and some heroes (macro management controls) 14. Snowball is 5x times stronger then in lol Because of this reasons i laugh when someone says dota2>league of legends
game-hours: 859.7
review: yesss
game-hours: 74.1
review: Lost my life I r8 11/10
game-hours: 3.3
review: Very funny. LOL
game-hours: 3375.7
review: very gud game
game-hours: 1393.6
review: Step 1: Queue for a game of Dota 2 Step 2: Spend 40-60 minutes getting flamed and crying. Step 3: Tell yourself you will never play Dota 2 again. Step 4: Throw money at Gaben for digital hats . Return to step 1 and repeat.
game-hours: 210.6
review: iyi oyun
game-hours: 12062.3
review: GREAT GAME
game-hours: 121.8
review: i feed hard and flame other people 10/10
game-hours: 2397.7
review: One of my favourite games to play right now. Definitely the most intersting MOBA atm.
game-hours: 1536.8
review: Spare 2000 hours? Good, get started, don't feed, enjoy later.
game-hours: 2486.8
review: i recommend this game
game-hours: 1019.8
review: One of the best games ever, even though it lacks some diversity from time to time.
game-hours: 2733.8
review: For the first MOBA game it's a bit complicated, but worth it. Alot of fun with community(especially with russians). Fun/Competition/Large community/Free/Russians what do you need more ? Best MOBA so far (played League of Lesbians, SMITE, and Heroes of Newerth)
game-hours: 1130.9
review: BesT
game-hours: 1433.6
review: it's leik a kawaii blek men
game-hours: 1063.0
review: Best Gamer Ever ! 10/10
game-hours: 1885.4
review: nice game ever!
game-hours: 23.8
review: Cool
game-hours: 3158.4
review: +
game-hours: 215.1
review: Dota2 , Simply the best game ever.
game-hours: 1154.1
review: Very Good and Interesting Game!!!!
game-hours: 586.1
review: Nice.......
game-hours: 2487.6
review: Nice game.
game-hours: 1031.3
review: Beaten Housewife Simulator Enjoy getting beat over and over again and then hating yourself for it? Well search no more as this is the game you've been waiting for. Note: -All options, menus and dialogues for 'Beaten Housewife Simulator' are in Russian no matter your language preference. -Play at your own demise. -Play with friends if you don't want them to be your friends anymore. -Learn to hate most societies and cultures more than Hitler, especially 'Mother Russia'. -Not applicable for any broken keyboards, headphones or mouse's.
game-hours: 416.0
review: THIS GAME IS BETTER THAN LOL DOTA 2 > LOL
game-hours: 2376.8
review: Yep
game-hours: 2834.8
review: GG 10/10
game-hours: 635.0
review: i just love this game so much. helps kill the time and boredom.
game-hours: 1.7
review: Ok this game is Really good MOBA game. I know I have only 1-2h played but this is cuz MOBA games are boring for me :D I recommend this game for MOBA fans :)
game-hours: 640.5
review: This best game for everyone, and free to play, that's so cool
game-hours: 236.6
review: y6a
game-hours: 1229.3
review: Eh, prolly not worth the time spent.
game-hours: 2179.6
review: Nice game really good too addicting
game-hours: 2022.4
review: Awesome game, despite the occasional server issues.
game-hours: 1697.6
review: very recommended
game-hours: 1228.0
review: I love it! Death is my  ... !
game-hours: 418.7
review: Good Game, Well Played!
game-hours: 2929.6
review: Dota 2 isn't easy, it's not a game where a simple tutorial would be enough. You need to apply yourself and have the will to get better. It's a game of mastery, no matter how skilled you are you will always learn something in it. It isn't about how quick you are, but how much you know. It's the same map, every game but what happens in it is always differnet. It literally never gets boring.
game-hours: 964.8
review: this game for long play , starting will be not understand how the game working or playing ...
game-hours: 7.2
review: Dota 2 is super popular, thats an understatement. Though i'm not really a fan, and personally find the game boring. I have to admit its very well made.
game-hours: 16.1
review: Only takes a few hours to get in the groove of things and then you have hours on hours of fun ahead, although in-game items can kind of be expensive, like 5 dollars for a HUD skin? But anyway definitley one of my favourite games right now.
game-hours: 2532.0
review: ...
game-hours: 622.3
review: i like dota 2 so much it make's me feel happy and enjoy =) Keep up the good work
game-hours: 564.8
review: This is the most best free to play game for entire my life. I recommend this game.
game-hours: 414.8
review: nicegame
game-hours: 2224.8
review: The thing is this game can't let herself noobs, so if you want to try it, you NEED a good coach. If u won't get him, you will probably spoil many many games of others people. And they gonna be mad... DOTA 2 - is a TEAM game, so if you will play bad enough, all others in your team will loose :C . A player should not learn to play Dota 2 alone becouse you just can't do it. Trust me! It's not ez. But if you have a coach, a friend that shows u what is right or wrong, after some hundriet hours of practise, you will be a good player. After some thousand... One of not many pros. When i started playing DOTA 2 with my friend, i did have a guy that had an idea of what DOTA 2 is (same as DOTA (1)) i knew only a bit from DOTA . And that helped me a lot, though didn't do all the job for me. I started like from zero and a half, me and my friend. I knew only hot to play 2 heroes: one - is support, other is a semi-cerry. And now I can play almost any heroe well, (There are about 110 heroes ) know how to "farm" , "ward", "support", "pull" and so on... but my friend is a great support now and a bit of carry and mider ( not many ppl can be even a little supports). OFC, You can be a strong man and go learn the game solo, but think of those ppl expecting you to play well, all those tired from noobs faces that search for a real Good Game... You will join them with time... Good Luck & Have Fun! P.S. There is no rat in dota 2 - everything is fair and NEVER give up!
game-hours: 2454.0
review: DOtooooooooooooooooooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
game-hours: 1311.6
review: Best game ever. Implement the custom mods and you have my thanks forever. Volvo Gaben is our God!!!
game-hours: 1031.7
review: Be wary of raging internet trolls.
game-hours: 1.4
review: The more I play DOTA2 the more I like this game, I used to play LoL so switching to dota2 is being a challenge, more difficult, everything is new... completely newb here, but enjoying the game thanks to the friendly/helpful community who don't rage if you fail, they come to help and always give you an advice to get better and better. /10 would recommend
game-hours: 1509.8
review: Awesome in a sense, however, there are quite a bit of trolls and rude people that think that you MUST build the Heor the way THEY want. Besides that, it is highly addictive and very fun.
game-hours: 256.5
review: mantap !!!!!!!!!!!1
game-hours: 2086.5
review: if you want a reason to get angry.
game-hours: 1526.9
review: GOOD GAME THANKS !
game-hours: 749.0
review: This game is amazing
game-hours: 23.6
review: They say it's not about winning. Their right. And hopefully others know this too so what your getting into is fun. It's not as much of a social game as it is an arena figther. But should be more social. + Easy to pick up + Microtransactions are legit and wont destroy your wallet + Strategy develops with slow learning curve + Flying donkeys - Disconnections in 'early-level-gamers' makes games redundant sometimes - That's all I can think of. Didn't fully get into the game, but I;ve seen enough. And heard enough. And read up on it enough to safely say as a free game, it's just as addictive as Counter Strike (Also by Valve), and it is easy to pick up and play when your low. It might turn into crack. But there's a focus group for that.
game-hours: 1137.4
review: cs go
game-hours: 0.2
review: Cool Game
game-hours: 2632.5
review: Tons of teamplay and fun, if you survive a community with the majority of jerks and hatters. Wellcome to DotA 2.
game-hours: 938.2
review: An amazing game, it's really fun for playing this game. I will keep supporting this game.
game-hours: 175.7
review: You can be a girl 10/10
game-hours: 225.8
review: Yea yea whatever. This reminds me my childhood memory's. I would say good old days of Warcraft TFT and Defence of the Ancients. We spent whole day to play that. But now its changed a lot. Even they are broadcasting it on ESPN. What a improvement is this. Teams are buying players. It feels like its become really one of sport game :)) Even though graphic is super improved its kinda relieving that its still giving chance to experience teamplay. Everyone should try this one :D
game-hours: 406.3
review: nIce
game-hours: 700.3
review: Very interesting games of all time
game-hours: 1042.9
review: DotA 2 is an amazing, exciting and outstanding online multiplayer team game. The concept art it self is amazing as well as the visuals, gameplay (which consists of mainly team work coardination and synergy with teammates) and easy to learn, but hard to master. I fully recommend this game to any one who enjoys strategy based team games.
game-hours: 691.2
review: i love it...
game-hours: 501.7
review: this game verrry good
game-hours: 5887.6
review: Doto
game-hours: 276.0
review: >D
game-hours: 2344.3
review: asdada
game-hours: 1370.6
review: This game is very good
game-hours: 750.0
review: yeah
game-hours: 688.5
review: Good game!!
game-hours: 1314.6
review: GG
game-hours: 3981.6
review: dota 2 is good nothing but a good
game-hours: 1325.7
review: addicting game :)
game-hours: 3317.9
review: Dota 2 is AMAJING!
game-hours: 371.2
review: nice game GGWP
game-hours: 2706.8
review: Epic Game
game-hours: 816.4
review: This game is pure fun, get into it, and you will never play anything else. It has everything a good game needs - strategy, teamplay (no AI to bypass), real time and nice graphics.
game-hours: 1657.1
review: a
game-hours: 729.4
review: Fun addictive game
game-hours: 2621.9
review: This is one of the most popular games of all time because this is not just a game. Friendship, E-sport, Respect, Motivation, Life, Teamwork, Skill, Experience, Responsibility, Cultures and so many other can be found in this three lanes battle of 10 heroes. In DOTA 2 everything is in balance. DOTA 2 is free to play and you don't need money to buy heroes. There is a lot of customizations but they have no effect in game. You cannot pay to win. So, you may ask what does a hero truly need to get the victory... That is for you to decide. I have been playing DOTA since 2008. But I am not a pro, I am just a fan. Thank you IceFrog you are amazing. And thank you Gabe.
game-hours: 1312.6
review: ya
game-hours: 1458.4
review: so good !
game-hours: 1061.1
review: This is a 10/10 game so un never ever gets boring love DOTA!
game-hours: 1785.2
review: 10/10
game-hours: 554.2
review: <3
game-hours: 1640.4
review: Best Game in the world as far as I know
game-hours: 155.4
review: This game is so fun damn :D
game-hours: 811.1
review: pudge simulator 2.0
game-hours: 2477.9
review: awesome
game-hours: 2109.0
review: Odlicna :D
game-hours: 2033.2
review: this game is so nice
game-hours: 990.4
review: Most stressful game ever
game-hours: 332.0
review: ,  ,     eo,    ,   .
game-hours: 783.4
review: it's a good game
game-hours: 712.8
review: Play this game and have more fun with other players
game-hours: 1017.2
review: THis game is awsome!
game-hours: 1621.8
review: Good Game
game-hours: 565.5
review: Let's play and have fun
game-hours: 535.9
review: Yupyupyup!
game-hours: 1513.9
review: best MOBA ever.
game-hours: 37.0
review: My friends hated me after playing this game with them. 10/10
game-hours: 0.3
review: roud to a knife
game-hours: 149.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 1421.6
review: Salt factory.
game-hours: 529.3
review: ing addicting!!
game-hours: 920.0
review: NIce game.
game-hours: 3122.6
review: Dota 2
game-hours: 1028.2
review: Took away my life and made me slightly prejudice to russians. 10/10 would play
game-hours: 183.6
review: Fun and addicting game.
game-hours: 1822.9
review: i recommend this game
game-hours: 1099.0
review: nice
game-hours: 167.2
review: gempak!!!
game-hours: 697.4
review: WHY DO I HAVE TO PLAY WITH PERU  ALL DAY LONG IN THE ING US SERVER UNDER THE ING ENGLISH LANGUAGE PREFERENCE ING VALVE GIFF ME AN ANSWER
game-hours: 430.4
review: improved dota, maybe the best game.. xd
game-hours: 1228.1
review: best game ever played
game-hours: 17.6
review: DOTA 2 is a gr8 game.
game-hours: 3359.9
review: aaa
game-hours: 1593.3
review: Spent over 50$, but man do I look cool!
game-hours: 3542.1
review: This is my Life !
game-hours: 748.7
review: my game
game-hours: 1089.1
review: Cool and very awesome
game-hours: 2327.6
review: Good Game Recommended :D
game-hours: 315.0
review: ergfdsiojfdg
game-hours: 581.2
review: great strategy,good balance,awesome gameplay and very addictive
game-hours: 675.4
review: So freakin good \m/
game-hours: 110.6
review: Same  community as League of Legends.
game-hours: 1090.0
review: Good Game Well Playing
game-hours: 66.2
review: i watched tv and had some chinese food and then i had a heart attack 10/10 - IGN
game-hours: 712.0
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 590.1
review: Most amazing game on Steam...
game-hours: 1158.1
review: GG :3
game-hours: 316.5
review: good dame
game-hours: 665.8
review: nc
game-hours: 3396.8
review: nc
game-hours: 543.9
review: Great game my friend pc lags a bit and i know you will find a way for that
game-hours: 1958.8
review: S o fil!
game-hours: 3295.1
review: favourite game
game-hours: 1108.0
review: Way better then League of Lesbians, but god damn these russians...vodka vodka gazprom kryme
game-hours: 1737.2
review: i love dota 2
game-hours: 2684.7
review: C:
game-hours: 3416.5
review: yes
game-hours: 1162.8
review: DOTA 2
game-hours: 1225.9
review: on word ........Adictive
game-hours: 2585.1
review: me.  YEA!
game-hours: 1170.5
review: My opinion this game so very powerful and interesting to the people whos like play strategy game. I hope new gamers can try this games and enjoy it.
game-hours: 1092.2
review: Cool game :))
game-hours: 752.7
review: Such a nice game!
game-hours: 1719.6
review: lame game
game-hours: 613.3
review: every match have different story even if you want to try to replay the match still it's different
game-hours: 494.2
review: cool
game-hours: 1609.1
review: i love it, its like a chess game but with team work
game-hours: 2967.4
review: One day its time to say goodbye steam :( I just don't want to waste another day I'm trying to make things right But you shove it in my face And all those things you've done to me I can't erase And I can't keep this inside It's time to say goodbye On the first day that I met you I should have known to walk away I should have told you you were crazy And disappear without a trace But instead I stood there waiting Hoping you would come around But you always found a way to let me down It's time to say goodbye I just don't want to waste another day It's time to say goodbye Cause things will never be the same After all the things I've done for you You never tried to do the same It's like you always play the victim And I'm the one you always blame When you need someone to play with you I will be not there It's time to say goodbye I just don't want to waste another day It's time to say goodbye Cause things will never be he same It's time to say goodbye Now I'm gone It's too late You can't fix Your mistakes I was trying to save you from you So you feel sad friends So you cry friends I can see Through your lies You're just trying to change me Somewhere in the distance There's a place for me to go I don't want you to hate me steam But I think you need to know You're weighing on my shoulders And I'm sick of feeling down So I guess it's time for me to say goodbye for studies One day my time will come to say goodbye!
game-hours: 9844.6
review: Great pvp experience, steep learning curve but one of the best pvp multiplayer games ever made, and definitely one of the best PC games on the market right now.
game-hours: 948.1
review: Hello all, Dota 2 is a fantastic game. It requires skill, stratergy and patience. On the downside its quite addictive. Overall if you know how to manage your time, it quite the fun package one expects any game to be.
game-hours: 2322.9
review: Dota 2 is good .
game-hours: 95.6
review: Awesome
game-hours: 1620.1
review: BEST GAME IN THE WORLD... RUINED MY LIFE BECAUSE I LOVE U :p
game-hours: 1160.2
review: Makes me want to murder people 10/10.
game-hours: 24.4
review: play lol insted
game-hours: 1308.1
review: Dota 2 100% Lifesteal
game-hours: 323.4
review: ! of the best games ever :D
game-hours: 559.8
review: There are many games out there, although this game is truly 1 of a kind and for nearly all to enjoy :).
game-hours: 1394.7
review: Nice game i love it! ! :)
game-hours: 3334.1
review: ok
game-hours: 1635.1
review: This game makes my  ROCK HARD!
game-hours: 3086.5
review: nailed it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!..best game ever
game-hours: 3.4
review: everyone would keep yelling at me and i didnt know why, they would tell me to help and when i got to them they would yell and say go away which made me sad so i dont know why tons of people play it cause its not a nice game because people ruin it by not having lives and not getting off dota and just yell at you not help you like good people that are not real in dota because i dont know but its really not nice so get it if you dont have feelings and love to cry because your confused about what the game is even about, you can be a elf with a rifle or a robot or even a water thing but you will still be sad and cry so no fun for you.
game-hours: 1016.9
review: Nice
game-hours: 141.7
review: keren
game-hours: 4578.4
review: this game ing sucks
game-hours: 2591.0
review: ez game ez life
game-hours: 1421.3
review: really best game ever
game-hours: 55.6
review: Much better than league of legends!
game-hours: 2993.5
review: Very Interesting Game.
game-hours: 290.2
review: gg
game-hours: 1049.9
review: asdasdasdadasdsadasdadasdadasdadasadasdadasdasdasdasda
game-hours: 1701.4
review: nice game hahaha
game-hours: 1943.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 3455.6
review: greattttttttttttttt
game-hours: 286.3
review: Good game, Good for health
game-hours: 1048.2
review: !!!!(Klass of the Dota2)                 The Internehenal              $ 1.000.000         !!!    !!!!
game-hours: 3.4
review: Dank
game-hours: 1199.6
review: Great game ffa!
game-hours: 1220.3
review: This is the best way to learn Russian! Screw those pesky online videos and language packs.
game-hours: 524.1
review: Best Strategy Game Ever! (Y) This game more easy than Dota @ Warcraft III. The character model so nice and more cooler! If you have a good pc or laptop try play this game! And 1 more thing, don't care about player says you noob or something. If you keep playing this game, you will became pro. Alot player Dota 1 know how to play this game. Rate : 10/10
game-hours: 3285.4
review: It's okay 4/20
game-hours: 284.8
review: 10/10 If you want a life ruining game to play.. This is the best example of that thing.. Will also teach you how to speak Russian and Spanish.. So go download the game before it patch useless updates again!
game-hours: 42.9
review: Nice game
game-hours: 78.9
review: For now and forever... IT IS BETTER THAN LOL lol
game-hours: 929.2
review: good game :*
game-hours: 746.6
review: nice game, totally commend it... full of joy and fun
game-hours: 1620.2
review: Sucks to suck
game-hours: 276.8
review: sex
game-hours: 731.6
review: try this game so addict
game-hours: 1105.7
review: Vicianteeeee
game-hours: 1306.2
review: guanteng cak game e
game-hours: 1064.7
review: awesome
game-hours: 510.0
review: I like it very much...
game-hours: 2545.9
review: Most competitive and addictive game i have ever played.
game-hours: 613.1
review: How to have fun in Dota 2 : 1. Pick Techies 2. Place Mine in Stairs 3. *BOOM*
game-hours: 2777.7
review: it's ok
game-hours: 498.7
review: good game
game-hours: 2102.2
review: best team based game I have played in many many years. clearly the standard for all MOBA's now and in the future
game-hours: 295.2
review: ewefgtr
game-hours: 822.5
review: This Game was so Fun and incredible !!
game-hours: 69.1
review: Just like TF2 this game is one of the actually good game that is free on the steam market. They community is helpful and understandable to you even if you have no idea what you are doing. My personal preference is that this game is more enjoyable to play over the roit game league of legends. This is because the doat community is way more enjoyable then the leagues and the game itself I feel like its more well developed. 9/10
game-hours: 1730.5
review: There are always some people online you can fight with! If you liked the mod GOTA for Warcraft III, you will definitely love this game!
game-hours: 1038.8
review: Play For Fun :D
game-hours: 2880.6
review: My friend once told me: Cmon man you are playing that  whole day, i answerd:  byat idi naxyi
game-hours: 1077.6
review: I Love dota 2 :D Love the graphics and the effects :)
game-hours: 1238.4
review: Very nice!!
game-hours: 635.8
review: League of Lesbians is nothing compared to this.
game-hours: 530.6
review: Great game, it might be hard to get in to for non MOBA players but the game depth is great and it will bring hours of enjoment especially if you play with friends.
game-hours: 72.4
review: dota/10 would get copied by riot games
game-hours: 1230.7
review: very good game
game-hours: 137.5
review: wood recomend
game-hours: 874.8
review: Best Game, LoL isn't even close to Dota 2's level. If you havent tried this game, well your missing out.
game-hours: 950.8
review: Dota 2 is an alright game, I've only roughly played around 600+ Hours and somewhat enjoyed it. The Game's community is ing horrible and i've never witnessed so much trash talking in my life. The game has a good structure and a good setting, it was confusing at the start but i use to it.
game-hours: 1610.5
review: Absolutely huge time waste... I worship TA way too much, and i needs rehab. i reccomend 100%
game-hours: 2919.0
review: Addicted
game-hours: 670.0
review: Russians.
game-hours: 84.9
review: I suck
game-hours: 433.6
review: Dota2, World of wardcraft
game-hours: 738.1
review: Is is better and humanity than dota 1 so much. Especially those shortcut key.
game-hours: 3684.4
review: love
game-hours: 618.2
review: <3
game-hours: 9240.4
review: Get this game and dont stop playing it
game-hours: 365.3
review: as
game-hours: 2481.4
review: Say goodbye to your life.
game-hours: 584.6
review: <----------------DENDI ?
game-hours: 1919.2
review: <3
game-hours: 1799.9
review: Recommending!
game-hours: 2059.7
review: I like it because its cool and new graphics (y)
game-hours: 737.8
review: Best game!
game-hours: 296.7
review: Hey, you should get this because its free. Ive put in 100 hours but im still kinda sh**
game-hours: 2040.0
review: nice one!
game-hours: 3494.8
review: best game
game-hours: 220.3
review: If you like Russia, you'll hate it after this.
game-hours: 404.6
review: )
game-hours: 383.1
review: OMG! I love this game its rock ur soul! try it !
game-hours: 1279.4
review: a+
game-hours: 138.3
review: i think its a good game
game-hours: 4089.0
review: huehuehue
game-hours: 1997.9
review: awesome
game-hours: 740.1
review: Best russian and jajaja simulator available. 10/10
game-hours: 1840.8
review: Best game ever. Im really addicted to this game.
game-hours: 384.1
review: Simply the best!
game-hours: 91.1
review: Better then LoL
game-hours: 1924.3
review: I love DotA 2
game-hours: 5371.8
review: that funny
game-hours: 1173.7
review: When I first started playing dota 2 about a year ago I tought it was a fun game and I still do.But I have a few peeves with this game and I'm going to name few. 1st this game's community is butt I can't even get a single game without runing into a rager who has a personal vendetta against you becuse you made on simple mistake. 2nd Dota 2 has by far the worst report system I have ever seen and it shows valve's mentality by saying "If you have a commplaint you can write it down on a peice of paper and stick it up your butt" quoted from a movie I can not remember its name.And finaly the the match makeing system, without proper language filter or a region lock a lot of my games have been lost due to the fact from a lack of communication becuse my team doesn't speak my language and the rest of my loses are just caused my mistakes or the other team is better.My final verdict is Dota 2 a great game dispite its flaws I give it a 8/10.
game-hours: 65.3
review: I LOVE TO PLAY DOTA THATS ALL THANK YOU
game-hours: 980.2
review: It's not League of Legends.
game-hours: 49.4
review: Let's just have some FUN ! :D
game-hours: 1238.0
review: "Made me hate Spanish-speaking people, 7/10" - IGN "Made me hate Russians. 9/10" - Everyone "Made me hate Russians, being Russian. 8/8" - toplel.jpg > Well Played! 10/10, would recommend to racist people. Played WC3 DotA. Loved it. Downloaded Dota 2, played with bots. Loved it. Played on 'Mother Russia' server, still like it. Played on a 'East European Russia'. Buck this game. Played on 'US of Brazil West'. Oh God help me. Downloaded LoL. 'WTF' - toplel.jpg, 2014 Dota 2 sucks. I have no life, so I'm still playing it. . ,    .      .
game-hours: 3061.5
review: Watch this, all you need to know about DOTA
game-hours: 1468.5
review: Addictive Game. <3
game-hours: 1752.8
review: REVIEW !!! AAAA^
game-hours: 5727.6
review: gavno ebanoe
game-hours: 659.9
review: I Don't like game with out Support
game-hours: 2209.9
review: it's ok.
game-hours: 135.8
review: This is \m/
game-hours: 442.6
review: The one and only MOBA game that actually require a minimum of mechanical skills.
game-hours: 1691.9
review: 11/10 best tree cutting simulator
game-hours: 1834.2
review: i like it
game-hours: 2003.3
review: Great game, funny and you need some strategy to play it. Wanna get insulted? Wanna feel like ? Wanna enter in a game and know literally NOTHING till you get used to it? this is your game. Now seriusly, it rocks.
game-hours: 1138.2
review: Makes you hate Russians in 4 hours. Good buy.
game-hours: 395.1
review: we love dota2 xD
game-hours: 2035.5
review: very fun game if you like a team environment and a real time strategy game stage. completely mind blowing and will never get old!
game-hours: 1172.6
review: It's Dota 2. Need I say more?
game-hours: 159.9
review: Fantastically fun and addicting!!! Highly recommened!!
game-hours: 744.5
review: I'm pretty sure this game will start the World War Three.
game-hours: 2152.8
review: DIS GEYM IS DABEST GEYM U WIL PLEY IT WIL MEYK U SO HAPY WEN UR TIM THROWS EN DEY WIL FOR MAN REPOKT U ITZ BEST GEYM EVER
game-hours: 757.2
review: Nice, so nice
game-hours: 3701.9
review: 10/10
game-hours: 966.0
review: Can't stop playing.
game-hours: 1291.4
review: FREE TO PLAY :) Why not?
game-hours: 0.5
review: This Game Is One Of The Best MMO's You'll See (Following LOL, And ESO) Plus It Help Me With My Button Smashing And Losing My Temper! But I Reccomend You To Play It In Full Screen Or It Just Make The Framerate Slower. 10/10 Would Button Smash Again 10/10 Would Lose My Temper Again
game-hours: 1542.0
review: this's a great game!
game-hours: 345.0
review: Ayy Lmao
game-hours: 814.2
review: Nice game, good game !
game-hours: 1882.6
review: What can I say, it never gets dull.
game-hours: 152.4
review: One of the highest skill curves and least forgiving, nay, worst communities I've ever endured in a game. I've been told to quit playing altogether multiple times by strangers in what I understand is essentially the norm for this game. Yet I continue to play it because I find the successes and the depth of strategy within the game to be rewarding enough to push past all that. This is in no small part due to my friends, who have given me a chance to learn. And I vow to never turn into one of these champion s.
game-hours: 16.0
review: Dota 2 crashed my computer! 10/10 Lower level normals have a ton of leavers and I am still bad at this game. But one day I will no longer be in low level normal game but in ranked games and I will most likely still be bad .
game-hours: 1050.8
review: awesome game. it just require high pc requirements
game-hours: 421.5
review: Good game ^^
game-hours: 85.7
review: BEST GAME 10/10
game-hours: 2103.2
review: one of the Best game ever ^_^
game-hours: 1635.5
review: The sequel to the immensely popular Warcraft 3 mod. Valve took it over and improved upon it in every way. Graphics, gameplay, online, hero design, balance, music, voice acting, and it's FREEthere is no reason you should be playing Dota 1 over this, unless your computer cannot handle Dota 2. Even being better in every way, they are still loyal to the original Dota 1 players, citing that they will continue updating patches alongside Dota 2. So you get pretty much exactly the same game. It being free is quite a big deal. the way the game makes its revenue is from in-game cosmetics you can costume your hero with, which have zero impact on gameplay. everyone is equalthere is no advantage for having certain cosmetics. all heroes are unlocked from the start, and there is no conceivable advantage that can be achieved by paying for it. This is unique because most of Dota 2's competitors in the genre, like League of Legends for example, have customers paying to unlock certain heroes and attribute bonuses to higher level players. you can see how that can deeply affect gameplay unfairly. All those things being said, this is not an easy game by any means. It's quite difficult. A huge portion of the population have been playing this game for years, be it from Dota 1 or its close cousins. It's not like any first person shooter, adventure, racing, fighting, or puzzle game. It's almost like the board game of video games. Mostly strategy involved, meaning you need to have tons of experience to know all the ins and outs of this game. All in all, it's free, try it and play some bot or tutorial matches, if it's too difficult or foreign, at least you've seen what the hype is about. if you're curious for more and get hooked like the most of us, you won't remember what you played before.
game-hours: 598.9
review: Good
game-hours: 2041.6
review: It's tough game for beginner but extremely fun when you know what you doing
game-hours: 2136.4
review: yeahhh
game-hours: 621.5
review: OK
game-hours: 1487.9
review: Step 1. Open steam Step 2. open dota 2 Step 3. ignore step 1 and 2 and open Dota with shortcut Step 4.pick russia , peru Step 5. Find Match All pick step 6. Accept MAtch step 7. enter in game step 8. wait the last ing guy to load step 9. pick chen step 10. be a guy with mental issues step 11 . leave the game step 12. obtain the best thing on dota.. LOW P step 13. find match step 14. accept match step 15.enter in game step 16. say : piches madres maricas noobs step 17. pick riki step 18. get a dagon step 19. troll step 20. keep trolling ..... ks too step 21. pick riki and repeat 10/10
game-hours: 1683.2
review: simply the best MOBA out there. sorry LOL we liketo eat trees not hide in them.
game-hours: 1581.6
review: Good and Fun,
game-hours: 97.1
review: best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 446.3
review: recommend to play
game-hours: 422.6
review: Currently my favourite steam game. It may take a while to get used to, but once you know what to do it is extremely fun.
game-hours: 988.1
review: very addicting
game-hours: 939.4
review: The only thing good that can come from this life consuming game is you learn fluent Russian.
game-hours: 790.1
review: best strategy game ever
game-hours: 892.5
review: 123
game-hours: 1077.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 855.8
review: best moba ever
game-hours: 30.8
review: good
game-hours: 635.7
review: the best game ever
game-hours: 1147.5
review: This is the game that keeps me from having to maintain a healthy social life.
game-hours: 2138.5
review: Very addictive game. I spent a lot of my time with this game.
game-hours: 1103.7
review: Dota 2 is a very modern FPS game that came out late 1783 during world war 2, Hence the 2 in the title. The campaign has you playing a very OP character named "Dragon Knight" but unfortunately only consists of one level. Personally I think dragon knight really needs to be nerfed because of his 1 attack per 5 seconds attack speed and his 35 damage dragon breathe with a range of 6 inches and an OP stun with a range that can only be described as "In his ". The focus for this game is the multiplayer. Most people like to pick IO because he is a great quickscoper. In the recent update IO doesn't even need to turn to attack you because he is always 360 quickscoping similiar to Call of duty 54358: Very very modern warfare. Dota 2 was created my Jagex Meme Studios and if you get banned for being good at the game don't worry because they will get to your unban appeal in 3 to 4 years. To sum it all up I think DayZ is a  game and people should just stop playing minecraft already. Also Dota 2 is alright I guess I give it an 11/10
game-hours: 699.8
review: A forever-burned skeleton with a bow against a living humanoid shaped pool of water fighting on a river. Guess who wins? The skeleton. 69/10 would pick Crystal Maiden again.
game-hours: 1420.3
review: Nice graphic and easy to play (with bots) :P
game-hours: 2537.5
review: im the best greenland player in the world my mmr is 1337
game-hours: 946.1
review: dota is good
game-hours: 161.2
review: wow
game-hours: 7615.1
review: very good game...
game-hours: 17.8
review: Dota 2 is and inspiration to the modern world, "There is no feeling similar to being able to use Garens spin, then ing fiora ulting onto 1 ing person, and ing stunning them during the ing 12 hit Combo." "Only in ing Dota is there allowed to be an item that allows the entire team to go invisible" "The  just stunned me?" "How do i keep dying?" "how did that guy just 2 shot me?" are just some of the quotes you will hear while playing this game. you will notice that if you want to play the game as a beginner you will be paired against Lvl 52's for no ing reason and literally be able to do nothing because you dont understand the mechanics of the game while this lvl 52 is ing you. Dota 2 works around a genious balance system that revolves around the strongest abilities and instead of nerfing the strong abilities, it buffs all the abilities to be on that par. The person who designed this game obviously did not think about clarity. this game makes no sense and everyone is overpowered 68/74 would rate this game again
game-hours: 7.0
review: Good game. Playing with your own fitting characters and using your own fitting strategies. (Also, new update just ain't letting me play offline anymore with the connection to dota network thingy D: ouwhy)
game-hours: 1329.1
review: This game need strategy and teamwork. There are many match modes in this game, you can play Team Match, CO-OP Bot Match, or you can try 1 vs 1 match must try this game!!
game-hours: 6244.0
review: it'a a amazing game in the world
game-hours: 629.8
review: fun
game-hours: 60.3
review: ing awesome.
game-hours: 1750.1
review: fantastic game ever
game-hours: 2370.9
review: One Word... This rocks!
game-hours: 483.4
review: shweg
game-hours: 197.0
review: this game is awesome
game-hours: 1517.3
review: fix this ing steam please is so lag alway disconnect
game-hours: 372.0
review: Pinoy is the slang term for Filipino. For some reason, if you have this guy in-game, whenever something goes wrong, you get blamed for being Pinoy as if youre to be insulted by that. Never mind if youre Malaysian or Singaporean or of whatever nationality. If you have this person in your team and happen to disagree with him, prepare to be called a Pinoy. Seriously, it isnt insulting if youre talking to an actual Pinoy, as most of them are quite proud. These are Peenoise.
game-hours: 2969.7
review: like
game-hours: 564.6
review: This is a very good game and it allows u to RAGE :) yaay
game-hours: 63.7
review: Going to Be One of the Best Games in the Near Future :D
game-hours: 272.8
review: amazing
game-hours: 502.2
review: maho game
game-hours: 1005.4
review: Learning teamwork and war tactics.
game-hours: 811.7
review: Good game, MM is clunky. My 300hrs vsing 15hrs to 1 hour, then next game was vsing 2.5k hours to 3k "Find a match with players of similar experience in your region" (Gets put with Russians and people from Indonesia) GG
game-hours: 1322.6
review: :)
game-hours: 34.0
review: awww
game-hours: 3070.3
review: good
game-hours: 6.9
review: It's a really good game for time spending
game-hours: 2516.1
review: go pasani
game-hours: 2583.7
review: Nice
game-hours: 713.3
review: Dota 2 Is Better Than LoL
game-hours: 1763.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 2053.9
review: i do like this game
game-hours: 1034.1
review: (Y)
game-hours: 484.6
review: nice game :)
game-hours: 2093.2
review: great game,great grafik, great all of them
game-hours: 1819.8
review: Why aren't you playing DOTA?
game-hours: 903.8
review: 10/10 Would feed again.
game-hours: 732.9
review: Best Moscow Simulator on the market! str8 8/8
game-hours: 708.0
review: Its like having sex with a hedgehog... its painful but enjoyable <3
game-hours: 2279.3
review: Best MOBA Game !!!
game-hours: 333.2
review: Dota 2 is a real-time strategy game. It makes me very emotional.
game-hours: 3966.2
review: dx
game-hours: 164.0
review: This game killed my social life, took away my awareness about surroundings. Very very immersive.
game-hours: 932.5
review: Careful of this game, it will suck you in and you will never come out of it ! Great game ;)
game-hours: 688.1
review: good
game-hours: 2359.2
review: you and your  server. I got low priority cause of your bugged  server
game-hours: 746.0
review: BIGGER TREES JUST DONT GIVE ME MORE HEALTH 9/10
game-hours: 1697.3
review: .
game-hours: 769.7
review: Dota 2 is "multiplayer battle online arena" with high skill cieling, no pay to win elements and a lot of russians.
game-hours: 128.0
review: Good games and use your brain for this game
game-hours: 847.9
review: Its OK.
game-hours: 331.0
review: amazing
game-hours: 950.9
review: :)
game-hours: 7.8
review: If you're going to play one of the many MOBA games that are available right now, there is really only one option in my mind. The one made by Valve and IceFrog (the guy who actually made a unbalanced WC3 custom map into a huge thing).
game-hours: 1112.1
review: good and free except the cosmetics
game-hours: 996.3
review: :)
game-hours: 2020.8
review: good
game-hours: 2887.6
review: It all started as a map for Warcraft 3. Today, it is the best of its kind around. Not too surprising to be honest, valve games are usually astonishing. Dota 2 is no exception, it is a complete work of art in many ways. Graphics. This game has a slight cartoonish feel to it with fitting colors and lovely particle effects. It is not too demanding but at the same time not that easy to run, an average computer should be able to handle it. The skill effects for Dota 2 are incredible well made and satisfying while not crossing the border of being disorienting. Sound. Incredible soundtrack with many fitting masterpieces for different situations and places. Skill sounds have a great oomph to them and are very well made overall. What i absolutely love about Dota 2 when it comes to sound would be the voices, hero voices. This game has the greatest voice acting i have ever seen in my life, not only limited to video games. The lines are incredible well thought of. The so called "Responses" in the game of Dota 2 are full of different expressions. They are the main thing that is funny about this game. Gameplay. Dota 2 takes alot of skill, almost too much. Don't jump into public games if you just started, even if you played the original or other ARTS games. Practice all heroes, learn their skills and their playstyles. If you don't know if your enemy can jump right in your face or summon a black hole right in the middle of your team, you will not be performing very well. Controls in Dota 2 are not as hard as the gameplay itself. The generic skill buttons are Q, W, E and R. D and F are also used for heroes who use more than 4 skills. No worries veterans, you can use the legacy hotkeys in Dota 2. When it comes to the actual gameplay, Dota 2 is more of a strategy game than some sort of action game much like the typical RTS game. You need to plan out your game and change up your plans according to the match you are playing. One really important thing about Dota 2 would be teamwork. Without teamwork, you cannot do anything past your first few matches. This game is built on working as a team and is best played as a 5-man team. Items. Dota 2, like TF2, has items. These items are purely cosmetic and have absolutely no gameplay advantages that come with them. Dota 2 is a competitive game and if you put a pro player with 6000 hours into Dota 2 with someone who never played Dota 2 before against eachother, the only thing to matter is skill and teamwork. There are absolutely no perks or runes as you have in League of Legends. Not even miniscule bonuses. Everyone is equal. The items in this game are made by the community. You can make your own items and if they make it into the game, you will actually earn money from this game. Dota 2 items can be sold and bought from the steam marketplace. If a set is 13 dollars on the Dota 2 Store, you can buy it for 2 dollars on the marketplace. Other. The HUD and main menu for this game are very well made. While the HUD is rather big, it is actually pretty small compared to the amount of information it holds. The main menu is well made and easy to navigate at most cases. The matchmaking system for this game is not too bad but is rather lacking. You will experience alot of difficulties caused by foreign players as you will not be able to communicate with them. It is best to get used to being matched with russians when you are playing on US East servers with the English language setting. Dota 2 has a report system as well as a commend system. The report system is rather flawed as people can easily banned for things they didn't do but still the amount of times this happens is rather low. Punishments for getting reported would be Low priority which i will explain later and a Communication Ban which disables a bunch of your communication features and limits some. Low priority makes you get matched slower and disabled earing battle points ( EXP for your profile ) and items during gameplay. Final: Dota 2 is a Valve masterpiece, can be played for years to come once you get past the learning curve.
game-hours: 205.2
review: amazing items for all heroes. i like this game
game-hours: 1278.6
review: :D
game-hours: 875.7
review: nice
game-hours: 3759.5
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 1185.1
review: THIS GAME ITS LEGENDARY :D
game-hours: 867.7
review: It's a nice game! Try It! :)
game-hours: 1181.1
review: Recommended for gamers who want to play teammates strategy game
game-hours: 11.6
review: Fun
game-hours: 1424.3
review: best trailer
game-hours: 2095.2
review: Best game since Dota 2
game-hours: 2896.7
review: Best described as "Super Chess in Space" There is a bit of a learning curve if you've never played Dota or a Dota-clone. Once you get over it though, you realize how beautiful the teamwork, heroes, and items all combine to make this a great game of wits.
game-hours: 2761.4
review: Dota 2 is best game ever .
game-hours: 1840.4
review: This game is simply one of the masterpiece of our era. This game require you a lot of time- in order to play rightly. Do not play this game if you have lack of will, because to be honest the community is not that good. And some of them usually blame even if they don't play good. But trust me once you get friends, this game is one of the greatest game that combine strategy, synchronization, and also providing amazing gaming experience at the same time. If you like a game that asking you to act spontaneously in real time while demanding for strategies at the same time. This game is made for you. 10/10 for me. Never get enough since 6 year ago, since the Defense of The Ancient:Allstars era :)
game-hours: 4164.1
review: I suggest u do NOT start playing this game if u are a competitive person. Otherwise youll end up an angry person. Thats what 4k hours in this game did to me. Took away my money and my nerves.
game-hours: 584.4
review: NICE
game-hours: 332.5
review: Dota 2 has a rather large learning curve but don't let that put you off. You can start by playing against increasingly difficult bots and then play against other people. If you're new, the game will rank you against players with a similar skill level. Finding a group of friends to play with will really enhance the learning process and give you some good laughs. The game itself is incredibly fun and there is always more to learn. Not only is the game free to play but all the heroes are too. The only items which cost any moeny are optional cosmetic items. The community can be unforgiving at times, however the game allows you to mute other players and lets you communicate via a series of informative 'pings' if you so choose. Anyone who is really offensive can be reported for their behaviour. If you are looking for a game to play long-term, where you can have fun with friends but equally, see your time pay off with definite increases in your skill level, then this is for you. Go on, give it a go!
game-hours: 929.1
review: awesome team
game-hours: 1040.3
review: Good Game
game-hours: 964.3
review: it's alright i guess
game-hours: 1010.0
review: Mythical beasts, out to dominate. Sneak as I may, I stalk my prey. Guns and bows blazing, a shooting fray. Warriors rage, war starts today. The possibilities in Dota stretch far and beyond. An extremely addictive RTS MOBA, it strikes a nerve in your competitive side to keep playing. And you should.
game-hours: 350.2
review: Best rage inducing, racism increasing, hateful behaviour creating, somewhat inhospitable community, game full of idiots and fools at the beginning game ever. Would definitely recommend.
game-hours: 7348.4
review: If u want to lose your life, play this game
game-hours: 1013.0
review: Get in the game!
game-hours: 101.7
review: :)
game-hours: 508.1
review: DOTA is easy to get into and you can lose hours playing the game. The game is very fun to play with your friends or have a match online. DOTA does not disappoint and it has a very large community that is friendly to new players. Its a great free to play that everybody should check out.
game-hours: 37.1
review: ing good
game-hours: 546.7
review: Valve strategy of $$$$$$$$. Release a free game that is as little pay-to-win as possible, ??????? ????? ???????? ????? =
game-hours: 1056.5
review: Just amazing game,i have been playing this game like 4 n half years now...1st dota 1 then this,never gets boring..... kinda addictive game....but u will have real fun playing this game.idk bout LOL but this is just amazing n most skillfull game. doesnt matter if u r new in dota family,game provides all basic lessons in-game. but u still need 2 control your hunger after playing this game..kinda destroys your important hours of your life as well if u got no self control.
game-hours: 1480.3
review: Must Get!!!!
game-hours: 53.6
review: Decent game. Not exactly as war3, but could get used to it. It feels a bit rushed not really smooth, but I guess 2012 was already pretty late.... I've played better ones, but the community is growing and that's a perk. GL & HF ^_^
game-hours: 902.1
review: The best game ever...
game-hours: 1121.0
review: Ok boys. I was trying to learn russian. I was trying so hard and the only words I've learned were "Privet, kak dela? Menya zavut Pauls". Now I can swear in russian and say to someone to go f7ck himself. So if you want to swear at ppl without being kicked in your butt, go play this game then.
game-hours: 356.6
review: This is very high quality game. Graphics are very detailed and good. But still, you can play on low quality and enjoy. The thing about this game is, that while starting , you wait too much time : match searching and player waiting. Players often fail to connect. Second thing, if you like RPG games, the fact that someone can be first and take the hero that you like, want will be terrible. And to be short, if you don't have enough free time to spend (40 min-1hour) on match, don't start it, if you leave , you wll recieve abandon and ruin your teams game (butin reality no one knows is it ruining or helping , couse in late game, money is everything and your money will be spreaded between your teammates). So yea you should try this game if you like competition and sometimes rage :)
game-hours: 2215.1
review: The guy below me was my friend and invited me to play dota 2 with him. He is no longer with us. 11/11 would do again.
game-hours: 771.6
review: lol
game-hours: 42.5
review: Lol
game-hours: 1392.4
review: best game ever <3 LoL sucks
game-hours: 2252.2
review: NEED GOOD GAME!!
game-hours: 518.5
review: it's the beste moba game ever
game-hours: 883.4
review: Great game!
game-hours: 1757.9
review: learn to speak spanish, portugese, and russian 10/10 better than rosetta stone.
game-hours: 1971.2
review: Abuse people daily and report them for doing the same!
game-hours: 226.0
review: yes
game-hours: 1174.1
review: This Game is so Beautiful
game-hours: 2270.7
review: DOTA2 is the BEST
game-hours: 333.2
review: superb game
game-hours: 973.8
review: If You know How to Play this Game , You will not leave this Game. So Addicting, Just Need Time to Learn Then You will surely keep playing and exploring New things. Moreover it is "free to play", "Hero" customization is also a nice feature to spend on. Very Immersive Graphics when played on Ultra Settings You will see a lot of Details on the Map.
game-hours: 1484.8
review: Game is hard, team is feed, back 2 lol.
game-hours: 2244.2
review: goood game
game-hours: 58.0
review: Pretty cool!a bit weird to get used to the ranges but overall pretty epic!
game-hours: 1414.6
review: Don't ing play it. Save yourself the trouble and just go play Anno if you feel like bashing your head against a keyboard.
game-hours: 2182.6
review: Its pretty good
game-hours: 1412.2
review: best mmog
game-hours: 1758.3
review: kjhjwdk;jl'as;mcd;n'IQO#EDJV jsl'vkn;xz msjdNIWP#Op#ne'dmac xcjANP#oqmak'JCopokfl,AKCNo[kecADC#O[kamc'ACO[#macl; JAC#O[amcl'CAPNO[ACKLM;AKDC'N'PAO[ckLAC'a'oc[kp'ELkapoc[daMCac#o[kAMC'apiocj[AC
game-hours: 690.6
review: Cand joc cu Mecenaru se oftica de fiecare data..
game-hours: 1545.6
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1013.9
review: This is the game I never get tired of playing!! Recommended for hardcore gamers!
game-hours: 732.0
review: nice game im highly recommend this
game-hours: 398.3
review: its a good game for all of ages
game-hours: 783.9
review: Good
game-hours: 2230.2
review: great!
game-hours: 452.0
review: ggwp
game-hours: 879.0
review: awesome game
game-hours: 2246.1
review: ppppppppppppp
game-hours: 3320.5
review: Dota Dota Dota !!!
game-hours: 446.8
review: ok lets start! POSSITIVES: -free to play -plenty of charachters and many classes ( such as support,kery tank etc) - if you play as a team and choose the right classes it is sure that you will win! - a great choise if you want to play something with your budies! - in my oppinion better graphics than lol - workshop NEGATIVES: - this might not be negative for some people but for my oppinion is: dota 2 has plenty of items and sets you can choose for your characters. this is a bad think cause many times these types of  makes you want to buy them and in the end you will have spend 50 euros for sets ( with 50 euros you should go and buy something better... COME ON PEOPLE!) - this game is full of MAD russians. if you join a server and your teamates are russians you ed it. NO TEAMWORK, THEY SPEAK ONLY RUSSIAN AND THEY GET MAD IF THEY DIE. whatever... -Also, if you want to leave a game you will get bans ( if you get many bans you will have to play fo 3 games in the dota 2 underword...... JESUS). this is a good think because makes the players not to abandon the team but if your house is burning it is a bad think. YOU HAVE TO PLAY DOTA EVEN IF YOUR HOUSE IS BURNING! xD to sum up the game is great if you play it with your friends but NEVER buy EVEN 1 ING SET. this will make you buy more and more and more and more * no money for more. It is not a personal experience ( basicaly i NEVER buy sets but trust me.. this is the <key> of f2p games. you think you will buy a game for free and gaben will make you buy sets, hats,weapons etc that will cost you a LOT if money. Alone : 7/10 with friends: 9/10 ( sorry for bad english people!)
game-hours: 340.2
review: wooo
game-hours: 2944.0
review: Best game eu.oh sorry i meant russia
game-hours: 947.7
review: I've been playing DotA for something like 10 years now. Still amazing.
game-hours: 2607.3
review: Rage simulator, comes in different languages.
game-hours: 371.6
review: ^_^
game-hours: 586.5
review: nice
game-hours: 975.4
review: I just started this game and it looks nice but a little hard to play untill learning :)
game-hours: 1602.7
review: NEVER HAVE I HAD A GAME THAT HAS HELD MY ATENTION FOR SO LONG!!!! I ABSOLUTLY LOVE IT 10/10!
game-hours: 707.8
review: nice support well played
game-hours: 517.8
review: 554466
game-hours: 133.1
review: Like it
game-hours: 722.4
review: DOTA!
game-hours: 1102.3
review: Once upon a time, a teenager had a life, then he start playing dota 2, and now he can't finish this story cuz he's playing.
game-hours: 1062.2
review: Best free to play game on steam
game-hours: 2012.2
review: Dota 2 is a game about teamplay and skill. I really like it cause of that and I reccomend it to everyone who enjoys teamplay games.
game-hours: 577.1
review: NICE GAME FOREVER
game-hours: 874.5
review: fast and fun game
game-hours: 839.9
review: What makes Dota 2 such a fun and enjoyable game? Well ask yourself this. Is it fun to go around the map ganking people that dont know how to play, yet they are playing heros such as Viper, Phantom Assasin, or Bloodseeker? Then this game is for you. Having such a wonderful map to play on that clearly has time and effort put into it, just makes it a +1. Having access to 109 (As of now) characters at your finger tips is great. There are so many heros to practice at and find the one that is just right for you. Rather then dropping $45 on Riot Points which you can then waste to get a Champion that you dont even like. I would over all say this game is a solid. 0/10
game-hours: 212.8
review: Dota 2 Is amazing game , Will play till the end of the Lfy :D
game-hours: 2523.8
review: Interesting game!!!
game-hours: 409.1
review: THE BEST GAME MOBA! LOOKS LIKE A LEAGUE OF LEGENDS 2!!!! AWESOME
game-hours: 2446.5
review: STALINS SECRET WEAPON TO TAKE OVER THE WORLD HAIL MOTHER RUSSIA CYKACYKACYKACYKACYKACYKA
game-hours: 1465.7
review: This is the most EPIC game EVER !!!! With all the updates , its kill me but im still loving it
game-hours: 321.1
review: Nice
game-hours: 956.9
review: This is an awesome battlefield game which we have to think before making an decision , think wisely before action :D
game-hours: 3082.9
review: GREAT GAME! BEST GAME EVER..
game-hours: 458.7
review: Well First thing I would like to say is that Dota is a great game because well... Its one of my First MOBA series like Warcraft and the Original Dota. Although sometimes you may come across some people that report you ofr not knowing how to play it is actually a fun game. Its not a Pay to win but you can buy Skins, announcers, etc. A couple things need to be added such as maps, gamemodes, and some heroes but overall: 9/10
game-hours: 1028.3
review: pls tell me how i played
game-hours: 360.6
review: GAME APIK (Y)
game-hours: 908.1
review: Better than LoL.
game-hours: 749.0
review: BEST GAME EVER Q_Q I LOVE THIS  !!! q_q :'''') I LOVE U DOTA 2222 <333 :)
game-hours: 682.8
review: nice to play dota2
game-hours: 1156.0
review: nice 1...
game-hours: 1614.3
review: Awesome! totally addicting!
game-hours: 124.4
review: best game
game-hours: 494.3
review: Every time I lose a game because of russians I go and play CoD MW 2 but only 1 mission " No Russian " and hope that one of those  s was in the airport.
game-hours: 1229.8
review: my fav game
game-hours: 274.4
review: ya :)
game-hours: 369.9
review: like :X
game-hours: 1293.8
review: catchy.........
game-hours: 513.1
review: Better than LoL-- LoL is just like the worst. There is no kawaii desu~~in LoL. Just . Tons of . Large and bouncy, in every woman. And in every picture. Boobs. I mean,  are alright, but the gameplay is  as hell. But there are . Just sayin'...
game-hours: 730.6
review: So. Many. Heroes.... But the tutorial helps. Suggest you take Dragon Knight, Skeleton King or Drow Ranger and play vs bots a few times. Learn what items to buy. Learn to run away constantly. You should never die! You should rarely even get hit by the creeps (the army of monsters that endlessly comes out of the enemy base). Your job is to level up quickly and efficiently so you're ready to face the enemy heroes when they hit 6th or so and come to murder you. When you graduate to real players, everything you've learned about enemy hero behavior from the bots goes out the window but hopefully you've learned to play your heroes pretty well by now. This game is a blast with friends vs bots or real people if you and your friends are accomplished. The community used to be pretty nasty/unforgiving but they have improved and the developers have made such a beautiful interface/tutorial system it's very inviting now. Highly recommend for anyone.
game-hours: 924.8
review: Very Good Game!!! Must try!
game-hours: 2201.9
review: THIS GAME SUCKED THE LIFE OUT OF ME.. I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 867.1
review: nc gaem
game-hours: 3927.3
review: No doubt the best game i played in my life <3
game-hours: 542.9
review: i like it
game-hours: 1113.4
review: I love this game
game-hours: 0.2
review: two words N-O
game-hours: 427.6
review: addicting
game-hours: 1288.4
review: Way way WAY more depth than League Of legend (LoL), steeper learning curve, higher skill cap and alot more balancing / fair play. Has some similarities to HoN but overall feels like a really different game. I love both but Dota 2 feels more competitive and has a bit more interesting heroes + the balancing is better (except Riki). I would recommend this game if youre into something that requires you to actually think and use your brain unlike LoL. I personally prefer HoN out of all the Moba's but that might just be cause I started with it, Dota 2 comes close as second. 9/10
game-hours: 1789.7
review: PErfect game 10/10 just ruined my life lol ..
game-hours: 890.7
review: I love this game..
game-hours: 865.1
review: !
game-hours: 4237.6
review: Quick and simple overview: 4200 hrs logged + 400 second account. I gave this a thunbs down so people reading the negetive comments can get a more accruate description of issues and read the positives. Active players 10/10 Community 8/10 Game breaking issues bugs(none) 9/10 Enjoyment (MOBA) 10/10 Overall- 9/10 PROS: 1) *Rewards the player for the effort placed into the game.* Very challenging game to play/learn. How willing you are to do reserch(online) and sit in created games to practice combos/lh ect.. will dictate how well you will progress. 2) *Easy to jump right into with a group of friends.* If you have a group of friends that play it can be very fun to LEARN tegether. 3) **It is a competative enviroment** if you are a competative person this is the game for you. 4) **A lot of classes of heros to choose from** over 100. Although some are better then others every hero in the right/wrong situation can be very useful or bad. 5) **NOT A PAY TO WIN GAME**... Doesn't even nickle and dime you to death. You pay for HUDs, skins, loading screens ect; But, nothing that can affect how well players play or others. 6) **Dev's are quick to respond to issues on offical forums** They also fix them in a timly manner. CONS: 1) **A lot of reserch and guided practice is NEEDED to be decent at this game.** This might be a bummer for those who like to d/l and game and insta win.... If this is you stay away...far away 2) **The "guantlet" most mmr players need to go through".** This "guantlet" consist of other people players will be teamed up with that will troll, not speak your selceted language, or just not give a damn about your game. These people tend to ruin games and will hinder advancement in the MMR (ranked) or hidden mmr (un-ranked) system. The "guantlet" consist of the lower tiers usually low hidden mmr and 1-2.8k MMR area. It is possible to pass the guantlet but a lot of practice is needed or you can party with friends. 3) **Server Issues** Everynow and then they will have laggy servers or down networks randomly but a restart of steam or a bathroom break easily solves these uncommon issues.
game-hours: 2.0
review: I do not recommend this game because it is not League of Legends
game-hours: 1853.2
review: Don't even bother unless you go with 4 friends, Else you can expect low prio for nothing, because garbage morons in valve doesn't even bother to fix their  reporting system.
game-hours: 0.2
review: not good
game-hours: 0.9
review: its slow and i was kinda dissapointed with the controls
game-hours: 768.4
review: nice one
game-hours: 2696.7
review: Simply awesome!
game-hours: 915.6
review: dota 2 thc s l 1 game rt kn ngi chi.cn bn l v ci hay, ci kh ca n nn n kn.valve  lm rt tt iu ny
game-hours: 1390.5
review: aw
game-hours: 337.9
review: Awesome game to play with friends!
game-hours: 715.9
review: TBD
game-hours: 446.2
review: good
game-hours: 1474.3
review: Love and Hate relationship.
game-hours: 765.7
review: I wouldn't recommend it to people I like. It's a horrible gaming experience.
game-hours: 1906.5
review: This game is awesome man..
game-hours: 2411.4
review: keep calm and enjoy play dota 2 \m/
game-hours: 858.6
review: i like it
game-hours: 236.8
review: Fun game where you can interact with other players, form teams and work towards a common goal. Great game to learn different strategies and tactics!
game-hours: 2027.8
review: there once was a man from peru who believed he could play dota 2 "i pudge mid!" he decreed and proceeded to feed and now our ancient is screwed 10/10 would peru again
game-hours: 760.2
review: yg6r5er5tcdfyvugbugh7t76yuvuhvuhb
game-hours: 851.1
review: this game is awsome
game-hours: 2263.5
review: Come play Whit me
game-hours: 1984.7
review: AmazinG Game You just need a good team and Go a Head and F**k the team haha play for fun not for winS
game-hours: 335.5
review: This is the real deal
game-hours: 931.5
review: Best Game!
game-hours: 368.6
review: awesome!
game-hours: 30.8
review: Awwwww
game-hours: 853.4
review: Takes a little time to master a hero.But once you do its great.
game-hours: 617.6
review: Never had a dull moment playing dota 2. AWESOME!
game-hours: 738.7
review: Best game ever :D
game-hours: 1109.5
review: more than WAR3 more than MMORPG more than 'ANYTHING' xD
game-hours: 103.4
review: more than WAR more than strategy its like.. EPIC STRATEGY WAR ^.^
game-hours: 1321.1
review: Game is good. Many ppl giff me lots of mana. Game is challenging but i believe that through the kind people that play this game, we can help support the n00bs and turn them into Dendis. LONG LIVE SOVIET RUSSIA.
game-hours: 143.5
review: Graet game everyone knows that. Also large supportive community. Its a must get.
game-hours: 2680.9
review: Too good
game-hours: 1255.0
review: I dont think there is anything to say about this, number of positive reviews says it all.
game-hours: 2140.1
review: I could've been anything....... but instead, I chose Dota.
game-hours: 763.9
review: Extremly adictive game, play under your own risk
game-hours: 3101.3
review: awsm game play, nice graphics, cool items....and a must play game for all.
game-hours: 1094.9
review: I like Dota 2 beacause so many item and all heroes are awesome
game-hours: 266.5
review: good game
game-hours: 1811.7
review: i like my skills
game-hours: 87.0
review: 30% friendly 70% kick up a row nb: don't back to Dota 1, ur eyes will get rekt
game-hours: 722.5
review: Good Game :)
game-hours: 1004.1
review: the best ever i played
game-hours: 1567.9
review: dota2 (Y)
game-hours: 2186.5
review: best game ever created!
game-hours: 1768.1
review: very
game-hours: 328.0
review: It's a great game to learn some FIlipino trashtalk, russian and a little bit of malay. It shows the best of your freinds, especially when you feed. It prepares you to be a hard rock for every mistake you make is noted down, and everytime you make a mistake you are instantly called "noob" "bobo" "tanga" or even just "zzzzz".
game-hours: 600.2
review: Once you start understanding the game and become a decent player, it will get very addictive that it will negatively affect your real life and school/university/work.
game-hours: 172.8
review: ... Needless to say, perfect. 10/10
game-hours: 640.7
review: This game will honestly waste tons of your life, however, it's well worth it. A steep learning curve at first but just keep practicing and you'll get the hang of it. Well worth exploring especially if you want to see what all the MOBA hype is about on PC.
game-hours: 677.9
review: Dota 2, Is a very addicting MOba and has done a near perfect job in succeeding it predecessor Mod in World of Warcraft Defence of The Ancients. The graphics are badass, the characters have a sence of personality in the voice acting when the banter or comment on their death or another character. The styles of skill and builds is very vast, you could easily become lost in the different ways you could master a single heroe let alone the other 100. It is an excellent way to pass time, with games ranging from 15 minutes to almost 2 hours. Most people I know lose track of time and continue playing through the entire night till morning, when they finaly relize the time as the sun piercess their curtains and hits their faces. The game is so great that I personaly spend days in solitude, under my blanket in a dark room, with my laptop trying to ward Riki. So if you have alot of time and no mom to scream at you every 5 minutes and you like MOba styled games DOTA 2 is for you. Just a word of advice though, never play a game when there are ther people in your home that may distract you in the middle of a game, because they will most likely summon you when you about to go on a godlike kill streak. And then while your gone you will most likely get reported or be gone for over 5 minutes and get disconnected and before you know it you get an abondone trying to reconnect. Following that you may end up throwing you pc or laptop out the window or attempt to execute the person who caused this. Out of 10 this game recieves 9 because of how broken some heroe builds can be. Oh yes and please excuse my spelling errors. :) GLHV
game-hours: 633.0
review: An excellent MOBA, and there's little wonder that it's the most popular game on Steam at the moment. The fact that the 100+ heroes are unlocked off the start means that there's plenty of gameplay variety even if the actual modes are a bit lacking, and the amount of depth is pretty staggering. Saying that, the community is absolutely wretched, and undoubtably the worst part of the game. This is the type of game where the more sensitive among us will want to turn off voice and text chat in order to enjoy some hassle-free fun. The free-to-play model is perhaps the best in the industry, even better than TF2's, and you can play the entire game without spending a cent and not feel restricted in any way compared to a paying player. Truly a mastercraft in just about every regard.
game-hours: 458.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 1456.6
review: Dota 2 is a unique moba game that is for me a balanced game that some other mobas are not that balanced and it also changes its game depending on the changelog or nerfs that for me will not bore me to play it for a long time and the matchmaking in ranked is also helping us to change our playstyles depending on you mmr that will help you to be a better player as you go to ranked and i would really recommend it because Dota 2 is a good game and it will be a waste if some people dont know about Dota 2.
game-hours: 564.6
review: The new item drop system is very...very economical,otherwise the game is good.
game-hours: 3671.0
review: "Connecting to dota2 network" jesus christ this game is bad dont play it
game-hours: 5962.9
review: I have been playing Dota since WC3. The more popular Dota 2 gets, the worse the match quality becomes. The MMR system is highly flawed and all the "balance updates" are aimed towards making the game easier and new-user friendly. Dota used to be a masterpiece. Now it is a supply-demand curve for Valve.
game-hours: 3056.1
review: Dota 2 is not for the faint of heart. It is complex, hard, and frustrating but it is the most fun you will ever have time and time again.
game-hours: 1411.2
review: Dota 2 is awesome.
game-hours: 705.6
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 2643.0
review: One of the best . DotA is like an amazing chess game and soccer , strategy, teamwork, and hours of fun. "It's for all of us " ~Teechies
game-hours: 2.8
review: Well it's good but not as good as i expected it to be, the graphics are kinda lame and the items are extremely expensive compared to League of Legends wich is nearly the exact the same game. And people that plays Dota 2 says that League of Legends sucks and it's easier, well it's not. I think Dota 2 isn't harder AT all! And here is some bad things about Dota 2: 1. It takes 1,3 seconds to turn around in the game. 2. as i said, the graphics are lame. 3. Overly expensive items in-game. 4. The only thing that's harder is the login screen compared to League of Legends, it's uneccesairy hard. 5. The champs are pretty easy to handle 6. the ranged champions has such an long range its not fair, they can nearly shoot you from 10 meters, if you think meters in-game. Good things: 1. It has a great selection of heroes. 2. Skins are cheap and looks good. 3. You don't have to go back to the base to buy items though. 4. you can heal yourself by eating trees xD. I've tried this game about 2 hours to see what's good and bad and if i recommend it or not. And i say that i would not recommend it to you guys. But some of you may like when it's harder to get items (more expensive) instead of getting OP so fast And i won't judge. But i still think you would like League of Legends better because the champs are better made and the map is easier to learn + the minimap in Dota 2 is kinda weird i've noticed. And the minimap is bad because it's kinda blurred and way to small. Bad about the Heroes: 1 . There are some heroes that's way too op. For example: I was just walking around with half hp and then a lightning guy came and onehit when i was still supertanky, it's really unfair! 2. They can take very long before nerfing a hero. Good about the Heroes. 1. The bad heroes can still turn good if the player knows how to build the hero, and outplay the good heroes 2. heroes can say to you when you're out of mana, wich is nice. When playing first game: I recommend going to a lane that's supposed to be 2 in it so you dont have to solo, Focus on farming and eating trees to regenerate health, for items you should first buy what the champion are made to be, expample: a tank needs health items and an assasin need damage items. Play safe and don't be too agressive. I'n late game you must focus on kills and towers so that you can come into their base, When you're in their base you musn't kill someone as fast as you see them coming, you need to take out the towers. When you took out all the towers in the base you and your team can easily kill them. If they are doing this to your base then you really must stay in the base under a tower and defend the towers. If you're not defending they will win the game. And some tips to become a great player: 1. Go tank or fighter top. Not ranged. 2. As i said, you must focus and play safe, it's never good to play overly agressive. 3. Never go back to the base to buy items. Use the goat, he can bring items to you from the base.
game-hours: 71.1
review: This game is awsome! I will tell you why. In this game all you have to do is kill,destroy and survive. What makes this game awesome is you get to play with different heroes with different skill and abilities. Also the game has different items with different powers. But they arent ordinary items theyre extraaordinary. Plus the game is FREE TO PLAY. How cool is that?? :) PLAY NOW! :))
game-hours: 3416.0
review: Dont start playing it Not worth it Just ing believe me
game-hours: 396.8
review: Really now who gives a  about other games when Dota 2 exists? There won't ever be a remotely as hardcore game as Dota 2. I don't understand why you people bother arguing or having discussions about any other game when there won't be a game as comparably good as Dota 2 for another 10-20 years. I'll put my credibility on the line here, and say that Dota 2 is the best game of all time. By "best game of all time", I refer to artistic and technical production, and gameplay design iteration (since Dota is arguably one of the most iterated upon computer game). From a technological rendering standpoint, it's visuals may not be king, but the art assets, overall art direction, and particle effects are the best that I have ever seen. The most excellently, tastefully produced art that I have ever seen in a game. The voice cast is the best I have ever heard, Dota 2 has Duke Nukem (Jon St. John), Cortana (Jen Taylor), Nathan Drake (Nolan North), the entire L4D cast, the entire Half-Life 2 cast, the entire Team Fortress 2 cast, and GlaDOS from Portal. Let's actually get down to the gameplay. No two games I have ever played have felt similar to the point of feeling rote. Each and every hero in Dota 2 is distinctly different from another, offering a uniquely encapsulated experience with well-defined goals for every single playable character in Dota. Because every hero feels so profoundly unique, every game that I play of Dota 2 feels fundamentally different in a way that League of Legends is not able to reproduce. I could go on, and on, but at this point I might as well just make a video essay. My only regret is that I never played Dota on Warcraft 3, because I wasn't really into gaming when I was younger. Now, I have some Dota 2 to play. Dota 2 is seriously a game I could play ad-inifnitum, and never get tired of. Why bother with any other game?
game-hours: 4070.1
review: Pretty Swaggy
game-hours: 989.1
review: Good Game
game-hours: 394.1
review: Highly addictive and awesome!
game-hours: 2994.7
review: The game is very popular and will become even more popular throughout years. I have played it since 2005, and still by this day I still enjoy playing it, it is very addicting (probably in a good way)
game-hours: 935.4
review: Official middle finger trainer, supported by team yka.
game-hours: 538.3
review: good
game-hours: 3675.9
review: although the pvp can be challenging at first, this game will hook u like no other.. gotta be one of the best games ive ever played
game-hours: 106.4
review: bo demais
game-hours: 655.0
review: #soloMidIO
game-hours: 733.3
review: y
game-hours: 2602.7
review: Oh my god let the fun begin
game-hours: 2582.4
review: the only game i play the most in steam, nice game ! :D
game-hours: 1119.1
review: As such, you should not expect to have fun your first day playing... or even your first week. That sounds like a cardinal sin of gaming, but theres method to this madness. In short, Dota 2 is a deeply layered construct of systems, and to survive you need to understand every single one and how they interact with one another. Everything from learning to work as a member of a coordinated team to the counter-intuitive practice of killing your own AI units to deny the enemy experience points and gold theyd get from doing it themselves, and understanding the effects of hundreds of complex abilities like Bloodseekers Rupture (which deals
game-hours: 1589.5
review: I played so much that I didn't sleep, and shower for 3 days. All I ate inbetween games was Pop tarts . Amazing Game!
game-hours: 579.5
review: Cool and epic game.
game-hours: 273.5
review: awesome game i get really addicting into it add me if you play!
game-hours: 1168.2
review: good
game-hours: 876.2
review: sad
game-hours: 235.9
review: its aite
game-hours: 5.1
review: hi
game-hours: 2104.4
review: nice ..
game-hours: 1250.6
review: x)
game-hours: 1840.3
review: this is awesome
game-hours: 322.8
review: iz so bad
game-hours: 2849.3
review: Going almost full support ;3 almost forget how to carry.......
game-hours: 2445.7
review: NICE GAME I LOVE IT SO MUCH :*
game-hours: 262.5
review: yeah because it makes me enjoy whenever im bored <3 and i love playing dota 2 with my friends ^.^
game-hours: 10443.1
review: DOTA2 is a great game. Play it, love it.
game-hours: 1036.7
review: 1000 hours on track - still a noob
game-hours: 8473.4
review: :D
game-hours: 541.4
review: best MOBA game so far
game-hours: 1368.9
review: Nice game with few exceptions.
game-hours: 259.1
review: aw
game-hours: 2766.3
review: pikikuk! lifetime game
game-hours: 1085.7
review: Dota 2 Will Suck The Life Out Of You..
game-hours: 529.8
review: JUST I LOVE IT <3
game-hours: 820.6
review: AWESOME
game-hours: 1199.5
review: THE BEST OF THE BEST PLAYER
game-hours: 2146.2
review: uhmm this game changed my life cause its so easy to play this game i played this since beta with my friends ... thanks valve or volvo haha
game-hours: 3184.4
review: game out there
game-hours: 477.7
review: i never see to clock if i play this game O.o kwkwkw
game-hours: 1339.5
review: This game was awesome, From its Graphic, textures, Animation skill, etc, U can Play with bot ( NPC ) or public ( The other Player), Its better than old model ( Of Course ), Well i cant say much anymore, because its really too many ...
game-hours: 1357.1
review: no comment
game-hours: 1344.7
review: i love dota 2 :)
game-hours: 2.5
review: LoL  melhor !
game-hours: 1124.5
review: goog game
game-hours: 2172.0
review: I recommend this game in case you want to lose the will to live.
game-hours: 4537.8
review: YOU HAVE FAKKING INVISIBILITY BEETCH WHY YOU DON'T EAT? YEBANO BYLAT PIDORAZ BYLAT. BALANAR 400HP. WHY NO USE ULTI? TARD. BEETCH. HELLO MY NAME GAMBURGER I EAT GAMBUGERS NO BRAIN. NO BRAIN. FAKKING GAMBURGER . TALK ENGLISH BABY? YOUR MOM IS FAKKING BABY. BEETCH.
game-hours: 1593.0
review: nice game!
game-hours: 2498.1
review: GG that needs WP
game-hours: 1804.1
review: FUN
game-hours: 4.3
review: helo
game-hours: 1761.6
review: The best MOBA ever
game-hours: 1761.6
review: The best MOBA ever
game-hours: 804.5
review: You'll die, then you'll live, then you'll die and you will live, until you die. Then, you'll live and die, and live. And you'll be treated as less than a dump-filled crap-bucket along the way. 11/10, would definitely recommend.
game-hours: 1229.9
review: Keep calm and play Dota 2.
game-hours: 1543.8
review: Smart Game For Smart People
game-hours: 899.4
review: This game combines amazing graphics with the nescesity of teamwork. You'll scream in anger and cry tears of joy play it once and you'll be addicted play it twice and you'll fall in love, 10-10
game-hours: 2058.5
review: Very addicting!
game-hours: 2499.3
review: Dota 2 is one of the best games ever!!
game-hours: 1801.2
review: A unique and epic follow-up to the old and infamous DotA, that not only lives up to a really long-built reputation, but surpasses its predecessor in every possible way. Riskier, faster, stronger, more rewarding, frustrating at times, but funnier nonetheless. And maybe what tends to be in the eyes of the gamer a flaw and a massive drawback, might perhaps and personally be the game's greatest characteristic that will only keep reinventing itself viciously in terms of endless gaming; it's very hard to learn, considering that after taking years for one to accustom themselves in every dirty, tricky and veteran way of DOTA 2, they might have a long way ahead in order to truly master it. But, can this really happen? -
game-hours: 1193.6
review: :) Yes
game-hours: 40.0
review: good game
game-hours: 1465.0
review: i like this game More power valve
game-hours: 349.2
review: Liked :P
game-hours: 1087.4
review: .
game-hours: 1541.1
review: This game is much more friendly relationship with the coaching team teamwork on your team if you do not cooperate, you will not win.
game-hours: 261.2
review: Good game
game-hours: 143.6
review: Very good game, high skill celling but worth it.
game-hours: 2755.9
review: Gives cancer, but still better than league! 10/10
game-hours: 843.6
review: yeah
game-hours: 93.7
review: Very fun game.
game-hours: 675.7
review: The only game that has pulled me away from TF2.
game-hours: 74.6
review: A very good game for a group. Gamplay is simple enough for beginners, but it stays challenging for even the most experienced players. Not to mention that it's free!
game-hours: 417.7
review: GO GO GO
game-hours: 626.3
review: BEST THAN LoL !
game-hours: 15.9
review: This game is awesome, it reminds me so much of League of Legends and some of the aspects are better then LoL. I think this game is really fun and perfect for being free.
game-hours: 1262.0
review: <3
game-hours: 3234.0
review: 10/10 best game imo
game-hours: 1140.2
review: i love this game <3
game-hours: 3599.7
review: dota2 goooood
game-hours: 477.4
review: Not bad
game-hours: 1190.1
review: ZBS VNATURE KLASS!
game-hours: 36.1
review: A good game where everyone is op!
game-hours: 67.0
review: I like pie
game-hours: 167.6
review: gggg
game-hours: 155.7
review: Dota 2 is a very good strategy game......except for the excessively abusive community......
game-hours: 237.3
review: REALLY GOOD CAN'T STOP PLAYING!! GJ VALVE KEEP GOING
game-hours: 70.5
review: Better then LoL
game-hours: 2439.8
review: cool games!!!
game-hours: 934.1
review: this game just ruined my life but 11/10 would play.. so.. JUST PLAY THIS GAME !!
game-hours: 1575.2
review: #1 Game World Wide !!!
game-hours: 1923.2
review: My Hours in record says it all.. 10/10 would play again..
game-hours: 2360.9
review: Hello every body. Dota 2 is the best game i have played.well make.NICE!
game-hours: 5.5
review: I just want to learn this game and people call me noob. LOL
game-hours: 871.1
review: I played this game once with my 3g cell phone internet which give like 30kbps min - 60kbps max at my place and still I didn't lag.
game-hours: 1254.1
review: i just love dota 2
game-hours: 2934.5
review: This game is awesome!
game-hours: 276.7
review: ohh dota... how im glad i found you. i come from almost 600 hours of league of legends. and even though i never think i will get over the hours ive put in to league.i deffinetly think that dota was a gem covered in dust for me. i always thought this game was league but just more complicated and difficult. and it was XD. i felt like i was never even gonna figure out how to play. and here we are 118 hours later. and i dont have any regrets. so if you like the M.O.B.A genre even if your a lol,smite or even strife person i really think you should give dota a try. 7/10
game-hours: 2685.6
review: You want a life? Don't play this game lol
game-hours: 3282.8
review: Basically awesome !
game-hours: 1381.4
review: 2 years of playing and still not a pro
game-hours: 1497.1
review: The fastest way to learn swearing in russian. On a scale from 1-10 it's a perfect C y k a
game-hours: 1703.3
review: GGWP
game-hours: 507.2
review: Very realistic water - IGN 9/10
game-hours: 800.9
review: yes
game-hours: 3385.4
review: Ce jeu est bien.
game-hours: 1323.5
review: This is the best game ever, where the compactness of the team is very necessary here , and not everyone can understand this game
game-hours: 3.4
review: lilja suosittelee
game-hours: 184.9
review: nice game :)
game-hours: 1183.0
review: Language exam tomorrow? You forgot to study? NO PROBLEMMO!! We in doto 2 community moemy  lernen nouveau palabras. Like: jajajaja xaxaxaxaxa  mid or feed we premede we bot go away du bist schweine buy bkb you noob!!!11! nous abandonnons Just bitte spielen notre . And you will be able to speak fluent in all languages. For free
game-hours: 126.2
review: without paying single pesso. Call now 322-420-4-dendi throws. And get ruined twitch chat experience for free. Disclaimer: Tony Pasteriono language corporation is not responsible for any brain damage. * Possible scam link spam or friend invates from scam bots. To gather your items from inventory. NOW SERIOUSLY: Never click any unknown links from unknown people.
game-hours: 677.5
review: I like dota 2 so much, because it's like a dota upgrade, great graphic, great features like items set and more. Giving me a new experience of dota.
game-hours: 1439.7
review: Schools everywhere are using this program to teach trash talking, great game if your looking to rage at people, get raged at, or just play with russians.
game-hours: 1926.2
review: The best angry management tool, as you will most probably not able to control it. With the amount of racism, elitism, trolls, and these wonderful Pinoy buddies, you will DEFINITELY "HAVE FUN" with the game. Not to mention the free language courses, such as Russians and Tagalogs. QUICK! GET A COPY and START RAGING!!! WARNING: This game contained an "easy" learning curve and "great" community. League of Legends fanboys will not like it. P/S: Volvo, Y U Buff Sniper?!!
game-hours: 253.8
review: Just don't start playing this game!
game-hours: 545.1
review: Real Racist Simulator!! 100/10
game-hours: 658.4
review: NIce Game....
game-hours: 2294.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 2848.1
review: pro
game-hours: 920.1
review: Great educational learning program with interactive AI users that actually talk to you. I have achieved a diploma in Russian language. would play again / 10
game-hours: 121.5
review: Great Game!
game-hours: 715.4
review: gg good game
game-hours: 4013.0
review: only game i need in my library.... i try to venture off... but i cant.... last time i did dota cut off my leg and dragged me back.... tell your friends! fun game!
game-hours: 1678.5
review: This game will beat the living crap out of you when you start. But if you give it time, it becomes one great game for you to play over and over again. All the heroes are free to play to begin with so you'll find a character that fits your playstyle. There are plenty of tactics and items for you so you will not get the same experience. There are also the cosmetics that cn make your characters unique. You can buy them, or you can play matches and earn them by completing them. It is a game that will be addictive but it is good none the less.
game-hours: 3015.0
review: this game is terrible. please do not play this game. please. help me.
game-hours: 4090.1
review: Great game if you like Mobas, the community can sometimes....not be the best but overall really fun game, I've clocked in 2,000+ in a year in a half :D
game-hours: 400.4
review: It's very strategic, and extremely rewarding when you do well.
game-hours: 2266.1
review: Taught me to hate all of South America 10/10
game-hours: 1180.1
review: This game... Well I dont know where to start. For you looking at this game with out even playing it you may see a hero brawler that the objective is to destroy the other teams base but thats not what I saw. When I looked at Dota 2 on steam for the first time I saw an complicated version of classic hero brawler. So I said no screw this ill go play a game that makes sense... So I started playing League of Legends or LoL. Which lasted me about 3 months until I came to a realization that LoL was simply dull. It did not make me think and the people... They just made the game horrible and enjoyable. Sure their was the few great games that truly said this is true teamwork but overall I every time I played a new game I would sigh then choose one of the 3 overly expensive heros I had purchased then stared at the unimpressive dull graphics and then got yelled at my team mate for stealing his creep last hit. So then after staring at the Dota 2 page on steam for a few minutes and watching a few video guides on how to survive as a noob in Dota 2. Finally I pressed download and slowly but surely it downloaded and after have a friend beat the tutorial for me I played my first bot match. After four minutes I quit because it simply just made no sense. I didn't comeback to dota until a friend invited me to play dota and I warned him to be careful because I would probably just feed the other team but he urged me on and forced me to play a bot game. He explained the basics and while me and him coordinated the first blood play I realized the greatness in this game... It was having great friends that you can rely on to pop a healing salve on you right before you did and they save your life or when you and your friend find someone jungling in your jungle so you and him just destroy him with mass damage and you both start laughing but in Dota 2 another great aspect about it is that you must think. You have to react, predict, hope about what may happen to you. I feel i have just gotten started with this game and I already play over 125 hours. Overall Dota 2 Has some Great features that make it step out from some Hero brawler. Likes +Dota 2 has some great Teamwork when you talk +It is a great mind game that helps you with strategy that makes you think +Can be a easy win for you if you just use simple teamwork +Has great graphics compared to most MOBAs Dislikes -Intense learning curve -you can be matched up with a horrible team that just trolls you Overall Score: 8.79
game-hours: 483.0
review: Unable To Connect Dota 2 Plz Fix This
game-hours: 461.5
review: Nothing to say, just perfect
game-hours: 1957.0
review: Fantastic baby !
game-hours: 4040.0
review: awesome
game-hours: 2423.0
review: 9/10 Its ok
game-hours: 4.8
review: It is an amazing game but there are two very negative points about it. One of them, and the most prominant one, is the lack of optimization for the mac version. The mac version, simply put, sucks. It does not do justice that this version is so incredibly buggy on the OSX operating system. Plus, when moving the camera on the top part of the display when in full screen on OSX, the game glitches as it is invoking the status bar.
game-hours: 1813.9
review: Its DotA 2, what youll be expierencing: NOOB  FEEDER USUCK IPRODOTA NOWARDS
game-hours: 249.3
review: It is like stepping on a nail, getting Tetanus, dying, having a robot AI berate you, respawing again and instantly getting killed becuase you didn't have the right item or hero... or intellect to prevent the death. So basically league with more mechanics.
game-hours: 2150.1
review: pai foarte frumos Dota asta
game-hours: 1847.3
review: good
game-hours: 650.4
review: excellent game
game-hours: 1106.7
review: yes
game-hours: 1674.0
review: Best
game-hours: 406.7
review: i liked
game-hours: 899.8
review: El mejor juego MOBA creado en la historia de la humanidad.
game-hours: 1296.1
review: I am a beacon of knowledge blazing out across a black sea of ignorance!
game-hours: 856.2
review: lol
game-hours: 2320.2
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 1045.4
review: If your the type of guy/girl who loves gaming and wants too suck up your time with something, play dota. It can in many ways be co-operative and solo action at the same. It takes time too learn many of the mechanics and items, but when you have most of them under your rule you will be a lion amongst Riki, Ursa, Pudge, Axe... Please do give it a try, and if you can, teach some lol players how well this can be. Ps. Beware multiple ammounts of russians.
game-hours: 1409.1
review: Best game ever played... Best game that should be played... Hope to see more new interesting updates...
game-hours: 543.5
review: GGWP !
game-hours: 1100.2
review: Nice strategy game with cool graphics. Recommended for all. This is the first game on steam which I am addicted to . Can play whole day , never get tired of it. :)
game-hours: 678.0
review: The game was very awsome because of the quality of graphics good job valve.
game-hours: 1816.3
review: slow
game-hours: 1115.8
review: Learn to speak other languages, break you mouse and hate other people for no reason. 10/10
game-hours: 58.5
review: all the way
game-hours: 2024.6
review: Dota2 is my Drug...
game-hours: 1201.8
review: PLEASE DOTA2
game-hours: 1789.1
review: i like this game
game-hours: 1324.2
review: The game is so fun and good to play for many gamers i want this game to more updates and give more freebies haha i like the whole game and how to play this
game-hours: 823.4
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 1013.5
review: Not bad
game-hours: 152.9
review: hffdh
game-hours: 1190.7
review: hello
game-hours: 763.7
review: Almost 100 hours <3 :>
game-hours: 1164.4
review: good game
game-hours: 436.5
review: nice
game-hours: 2493.8
review: it's good.
game-hours: 1786.1
review: gogo feedar!
game-hours: 1166.2
review: wish that administrator gives more low priority games for communication abuse, many players here are very discriminating especially to the race of players. i know that punishment isnt a good drive for a change but its the only way to catch the players attention. Thanks and more Power!
game-hours: 3262.8
review: The first MOBA Extended. Best game. A game you never get bored of.
game-hours: 2762.6
review: great game
game-hours: 1185.4
review: One of the best ALL TIME GAME.
game-hours: 447.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 463.3
review: Good game !
game-hours: 854.9
review: Played for a few months daily, learned fluent spanish, portugese. Thank you Volvo for this very great language learning program. 10/10
game-hours: 1066.5
review: :D
game-hours: 1248.4
review: Can't stop for playing this game, high recommended!
game-hours: 1177.1
review: wonderful!
game-hours: 555.1
review: Get ready to loose you life and money. 10/10 would do it again,
game-hours: 117.3
review: I learned how to swear in every language
game-hours: 1.5
review: kiss
game-hours: 2555.3
review: love u all
game-hours: 2489.8
review: High quality game for seeing how many tries it takes for 10 people to click a button together in a limited time.
game-hours: 919.8
review: I LOvE tHIS sCInE 10 YEArS.>>
game-hours: 930.2
review: very nice game
game-hours: 136.2
review: this is good game i am from georgia and my georgian friends end i play this game :*
game-hours: 985.5
review: knownig friends in other country and encountering GOOD and a "SCAMMER" people :(
game-hours: 1548.9
review: I've been playing dota since I was 12. now I'm 16 years. and yes I still play dota (now dota 2) dota is worth for your time. . . . . even though I'm not good, but I'm very, very happy to play dota 2. 1,468 hours ++ since 2013 and yeah you can call me newbie
game-hours: 2312.1
review: Best Moba available to date
game-hours: 2997.8
review: game ampasan dan pergoblokan .
game-hours: 697.4
review: pro game that i ever played... full of strategy, passion, and many more.. we can find someone who lives on different country, we can be friend even our country got some trouble to the each other...awesome
game-hours: 1119.6
review: best game ever !!!
game-hours: 129.7
review: One of the best games I've played, prefer this to league of legends and aeon of storms. In the beginning you are going to suck as there is a huge learning curve but once you figure out skills and items you will have a blast.
game-hours: 2191.9
review: well, my life would be meaningless without dota. or it become meaningless because dota? Great Game, though
game-hours: 2865.1
review: Very addictive game u must go for it.......simply AWESOME!!
game-hours: 8.3
review: Great game Alot of fun
game-hours: 1181.0
review: perfect!
game-hours: 3726.4
review: It's a drug , not a game :)
game-hours: 2400.6
review: the best game !
game-hours: 518.4
review: its a good game
game-hours: 1450.8
review: Although an unforgiving game , each time you win gives you a sense of fulfillment and the joy to keep playing again and again and again
game-hours: 9.3
review: NICE GAME
game-hours: 605.8
review: amazing game! u gotta try it.
game-hours: 595.8
review: cool
game-hours: 510.0
review: yes, and when u try this game little by little it make u like it.
game-hours: 885.5
review: 8.8/10 it's okay.
game-hours: 841.1
review: Good game exept since the latest update dota 2 servers have been going down in mmr matches i am winning and i cant get my mmr :(
game-hours: 1410.9
review: very fun, very time consuming. Alot of new content. Great game to have
game-hours: 1052.2
review: Will take over your life....or take over dota, your choice
game-hours: 641.0
review: Yes
game-hours: 2689.3
review: I have been playing dota since the mod was created on warcraft. There are very few flaws with the overall game. The game makes for an incredible experience to play with friends. Whether you are a casual players or looking for some serious competition, this is definitely a game to try out!
game-hours: 693.9
review: SSSVVVVEEEEEEEEENNNNNNNNNNNNNNN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 9/10 Can't wait for tenth player to load in I started playing this game back in March of 2014 My DoTA experience: Day 1: friends who've already played the game for hundreds and hundreds of hours invite me to play with them. I suck, I have no idea why this ing branch is made out of iron and apparently it is important for me to buy it, the map is confusing and am getting killed by creeps, I suck. Day 10: friends tell me to play tutorials and do bot matches to get better and understand the game. I do bot matches and finish the tutorials. I'm beginning to understand how the game works. Day 30: "Summerz, learn to ing last hit you noob!" "I know how to last hit but I don't enjoy it" (This is the kind of  I say when I have no idea how something works) Day 50: "Summerz, you have 150 ing hours now, you should be a pro!" "sorry! sorry!" "do more bot matches and then solo queue you " Day 200: I'm finally getting decent at the game, and am beginning to "specialize" (still ) as a support. I have watched a billion dota how-to's and mlg-plays, I've recently found out how to stack creeps and other support  like that, I realise how important wards and courier are etc... I still suck at the game btw... _________________________________________________________________________________ This game is definitely one of the best MOBAs ever made, and has very good graphics and unlimited hours of gameplay. If you play this game, either start it BY YOURSELF (don't start with semi-pros and above) or start it at the same time your friends start it, so you are all just as experienced with each other. An experienced player is going to  talk you until you are good, this is not helpful, and can actually make things worse, playing by yourself means you are matched with people just as  as you (that previous sentence is actually a lie, the lower down you are level-wise, the more likely you are to be matched with/against a smurf. Other mobas I've played: -Tome:Immortal Arena(For a while, I stopped playing because it was affecting my plays in DoTA) -League of Legends (For about 5 minutes, because I hated it, very, very, very much....) Side effects of playing DotA 2: - Magnet -Russian Accent -Sudden hatred for LoL -You will think you are MLG -Depression -Euphoria -You will hate every other culture in existence that doesn't speak or write in English By the way, who the  is this riki guy I keep hearing about? Never seen him before, is he a new character being added in the 2015 international? P.S: I'm pretty sure the government is watching me because of the amount of times I've typed ALLAH TECHBAR into my computer, I've had a red dot sitting on my forehead for about 2 months now. P.P.S: I used to have a life, can you believe that?!
game-hours: 842.4
review: addicted to this game u cant stop once u know what to do hahaha
game-hours: 1491.1
review: recommend
game-hours: 1654.4
review: Dota is a competitive game of action and strategy, played both professionally and casually by millions of passionate fans worldwide. Players pick from a pool of over a hundred heroes, forming two teams of five players. Radiant heroes then battle their Dire counterparts to control a gorgeous fantasy landscape, waging campaigns of cunning, stealth, and outright warfare. Irresistibly colorful on the surface, Dota is a game of infinite depth and complexity. Every hero has an array of skills and abilities that combine with the skills of their allies in unexpected ways, to ensure that no game is ever remotely alike. This is one of the reasons that the Dota phenomenon has continued to grow. Originating as a fan-made Warcraft 3 modification, Dota was an instant underground hit. After coming to Valve, the original community developers have bridged the gap to a more inclusive audience, so that the rest of the world can experience the same core gameplay, but with the level of polish that only Valve can provide. Get a taste of the game that has enthralled millions.
game-hours: 0.4
review: I had more fun playing Bloodlines Champions.
game-hours: 217.5
review: .....
game-hours: 2118.6
review: Very GOOD!
game-hours: 98.3
review: With so many MOBAs out there. Which one is the best? Well I can't answer that question for you, but I can tell you how great this game is. First off, this game has a steep learning curve, so if you prefer mindless action games, then this isn't for you. Once you get past the learning curve however, that's when things start to get really fun. Dive in to this action packed game as you battle other people across 3 lanes in a team based enviroment. There is literally next to no grinding in this game, everyone starts at level 1 in each game, so the only real question is, how far are you willing to go to become the best? Watch other people play with in the in-built game viewer, and study a libary of heroes as you progressively become better. Don't worry about people calling you a noob when you first play, because they were also noobs once! Just ignore them and enjoy the rest of the game.
game-hours: 1038.0
review: GREAT GAME!
game-hours: 17.9
review: The second hardest game i have ever played. I now have no social life. 10/10 stars
game-hours: 1426.4
review: Awesome
game-hours: 418.2
review: Dota 2 is a great MOBA game, and certainly did not fail to impress me with its traditional game style, and bounty of Heroes (playable characters) to choose from! Absolutely 100% recommend!
game-hours: 1674.9
review: Epic time eater :D
game-hours: 978.2
review: INSANELY GOOD!!! For the people that doesnt have this game you SHOULD have it. It takes skills to play this game for the ones that like a challenge i recommend this game so much. I love it so much. PLAY IT NOW!!!!!!!!!! 1000/1
game-hours: 1596.8
review: Just another  moba to be honest, games so boring and dull i spent over half my hours afk or alt tabbed or when the computer is on. I wouldnt bother with it.
game-hours: 897.7
review: BEST GAME EVER CREATED IN THE WORLD :D
game-hours: 800.4
review: the best game i ever play, meet other player from worldwide, different team, different skills. Very good !
game-hours: 2018.7
review: Simply awesome game ! :D
game-hours: 3.0
review: dota is so free it's funny (RUSSIAN PEOPLE EVERYWHERE)
game-hours: 1101.6
review: It'll ruin your day. 10/10
game-hours: 641.3
review: Gameplay: 10/10 Community: 1/10 Strong mental is required otherwise you're broken
game-hours: 475.6
review: Competitive Multiplayer just the way it should be.
game-hours: 6.4
review: i like that its a big map and mmuch heros in and i dont like the towers range and the manual camera
game-hours: 1064.9
review: i like the graphic of the game and the heroes and when you get item on this game... this game is so cool for me.."I Like It AloT"..xD
game-hours: 1236.2
review: I like this game because not just fun but it may gather you some aspect of being a team or learning about cooperation and understanding by your team
game-hours: 1166.2
review: NICE GAME EVER
game-hours: 828.9
review: Iz very nice game
game-hours: 2023.6
review: el mejor juego free to play del mundo tremendo valve tienen el mejor juego en linea!!!!
game-hours: 2506.5
review: gud game and make me happy
game-hours: 388.0
review: ;3
game-hours: 1531.3
review: like
game-hours: 1254.5
review: Showed me russians are  ,impolite,trolls. 10/10 Would bang again.
game-hours: 4753.6
review: excellent game
game-hours: 2100.7
review: Best FTP Game.
game-hours: 179.5
review: HOW?
game-hours: 1341.8
review: /5
game-hours: 816.7
review: awesome game
game-hours: 267.2
review: great game!!!!!i love dendi and my keys!!!!
game-hours: 234.3
review: ya
game-hours: 665.6
review: THIS GAME IS FUN
game-hours: 2175.7
review: The most addictive and awesome game ever!
game-hours: 1956.7
review: mokkkk besnyeeee
game-hours: 183.3
review: very good, ive been playing since 2011
game-hours: 1154.7
review: lots of fun
game-hours: 677.4
review: Incredibly addicting. The gameplay itself is fun and engaging. It is played with a team of 5 characters with unique sets of skills and abilities versus another group. It is definitely a team effort to win the game. A single match would take about 40 to 60 minutes. Customization of some aspects of the game adds another spice to the in-game play. Characters costume sets, items, screensvers and skins and other DLC's which can be bought or traded at the Steam Market would keep the avid player own the characters. Over all the game is exciting and fun. I give it 10 out of 10.
game-hours: 1255.6
review: <3
game-hours: 0.2
review: best gamne
game-hours: 1579.4
review: This game is kinda 8/8 but I don't know much I'm only 6k... So here is a ham sandwich recipe; Spread homemade mayonnaise on a thick slice of crusty white or rye bread. Top with Bibb lettuce, sliced tomato, thick slices of leftover ham, a few dill pickle slices and sliced cheddar cheese. Spread whole-grain mustard on another slice of bread, then close the sandwich.
game-hours: 1131.4
review: blyat nahui phuy
game-hours: 1517.5
review: It's pain in the . But its good.
game-hours: 1905.4
review: good game the best i known and the longest i played ^_^
game-hours: 2092.9
review: ubugadaduda
game-hours: 980.5
review: Played this game so much it started ruining my life. I had to pry my video card out of my computer and smash it with a hammer so I would stop playing it. Do not play this game if you value your personal life.
game-hours: 460.0
review: Good game for good people
game-hours: 1431.6
review: Very good game a few bad things, terrible teams sometimes and so many updates, but best game ever
game-hours: 1966.8
review: A good way to waste half of your life.
game-hours: 1143.1
review: Good
game-hours: 577.4
review: Dota 2 is a great game, at least for the FIRST COUPLE HOURS (yes in caps). The most terrible thing in this game is the community. They swear at you for no reason or for just some small mistakes that will not have a big effect on the entire match (i.e not denying a creep when playing a support. And that was only one creep). Or sometimes you get cussed by a person because of the person's own mistake (i.e A lvl 2 Faceless void rush to the enemy tower to chase an enemy hero with 40 HP left, and then the void dies while the chased doesn't. The void curse at Rubick, his/her laning partner for not giving a heal) it's like messed up. Or sometimes you can also find people being racist. I personally stop playing public matches for like 4 month and I only play againts bots (because they don't curse at you). In a month period (perhaps), maybe i'll just stop playing Dota. Unless some miracle or something unexpected happen. And the chance for those event to happen is like 0.01% I definitely don't recommend this game (I myself actually regret dowloading this)
game-hours: 147.1
review: It's Dota...come on, it's good.
game-hours: 1696.9
review: valve I don't want noobs in team
game-hours: 131.8
review: good game
game-hours: 650.4
review: You get a bunch of brainless morons in your team, while the enemy team gets the best people in your MMR bracket. 10/10 Would bang.
game-hours: 1963.4
review: With almost 1500 hours sunk in this black hole of a game, i have no regrets. 10/10 Would play and have fun (suffer) again!
game-hours: 1592.3
review: Excellent game. Not recommended for people with schizophrenia, heart problems, cancer or mental incapacity, this game can cause serious stress problems, depression and even suicide. 10/10
game-hours: 1503.3
review: ~~    2 ~~
game-hours: 320.5
review: Great game
game-hours: 1109.7
review: greatest game ever
game-hours: 114.9
review: I got stunned my first game... its still not over.
game-hours: 1692.5
review: It's great.
game-hours: 270.6
review: A very good game. I LOVE IT
game-hours: 335.9
review: Fun if you like games that are genuinely long matches.
game-hours: 668.9
review: "war. war always changes." -Teen peenoy who got rekt by medusa rapier.
game-hours: 580.3
review: #
game-hours: 1412.5
review: This game is for people who have good skills in keyboard .
game-hours: 1479.4
review: Very good game. :)
game-hours: 592.2
review: nice
game-hours: 702.7
review: Best game ever played
game-hours: 531.1
review: Nice game
game-hours: 727.7
review: All these hours are afk hours 10/10
game-hours: 1091.7
review: good joob
game-hours: 3166.6
review: Install. Play. Get called "****ing gamburguer" by a russian. 11/10.
game-hours: 2446.5
review: STALINS SECRET WEAPON TO TAKE OVER THE WORLD HAIL MOTHER RUSSIA CYKACYKACYKACYKACYKACYKA
game-hours: 1465.7
review: This is the most EPIC game EVER !!!! With all the updates , its kill me but im still loving it
game-hours: 321.1
review: Nice
game-hours: 956.9
review: This is an awesome battlefield game which we have to think before making an decision , think wisely before action :D
game-hours: 3082.9
review: GREAT GAME! BEST GAME EVER..
game-hours: 458.7
review: Well First thing I would like to say is that Dota is a great game because well... Its one of my First MOBA series like Warcraft and the Original Dota. Although sometimes you may come across some people that report you ofr not knowing how to play it is actually a fun game. Its not a Pay to win but you can buy Skins, announcers, etc. A couple things need to be added such as maps, gamemodes, and some heroes but overall: 9/10
game-hours: 1028.3
review: pls tell me how i played
game-hours: 360.6
review: GAME APIK (Y)
game-hours: 908.1
review: Better than LoL.
game-hours: 749.0
review: BEST GAME EVER Q_Q I LOVE THIS  !!! q_q :'''') I LOVE U DOTA 2222 <333 :)
game-hours: 1154.3
review: THIS GAME HAS LIFESTEAL
game-hours: 997.3
review: VOLVO NICE
game-hours: 2299.5
review: Awesome hobby
game-hours: 2205.3
review: Good Game, Well Played. 1.9k hours
game-hours: 94.1
review: it tears your russian family apart.  blat.
game-hours: 369.6
review: good game!
game-hours: 616.3
review: Prepare to despise human kind, most likely even your best friends at times and then of course yourself as youll soon realise that everyone cant always play this game quite the way you want them to and then when youre at the pinnacle of your hatred towards everything and everyone youll start all over again by clicking find match 10/10  blyat davai davai
game-hours: 621.2
review: good game i love this game
game-hours: 1325.6
review: i love this game :3
game-hours: 568.6
review: so fun!!!!!!
game-hours: 305.9
review: I wish that sometimes i have arcana !! please give one!!
game-hours: 1178.4
review: Best Game 2k420
game-hours: 1966.6
review: gud cheese
game-hours: 2203.9
review: HI , so i would recommend the game but seriously valve you have to start to chill a little with the penalties cant play play for 24 hours just becuase i didnt connect in time.
game-hours: 1784.5
review: Recommend this!!
game-hours: 698.3
review: good game
game-hours: 608.6
review: I strongly recommend you try out a character (Hero) in an offline bot match before using that character in an online match. Winning matches requires teamwork, and a majority of the players get pretty frustrated if you're not contributing enough.
game-hours: 10.2
review: nc
game-hours: 1010.6
review: Nice
game-hours: 1053.7
review: ga
game-hours: 3.4
review: Dank
game-hours: 1199.6
review: Great game ffa!
game-hours: 1220.3
review: This is the best way to learn Russian! Screw those pesky online videos and language packs.
game-hours: 526.8
review: Best Strategy Game Ever! (Y) This game more easy than Dota @ Warcraft III. The character model so nice and more cooler! If you have a good pc or laptop try play this game! And 1 more thing, don't care about player says you noob or something. If you keep playing this game, you will became pro. Alot player Dota 1 know how to play this game. Rate : 10/10
game-hours: 3286.0
review: It's okay 4/20
game-hours: 284.8
review: 10/10 If you want a life ruining game to play.. This is the best example of that thing.. Will also teach you how to speak Russian and Spanish.. So go download the game before it patch useless updates again!
game-hours: 42.9
review: Nice game
game-hours: 78.9
review: For now and forever... IT IS BETTER THAN LOL lol
game-hours: 929.2
review: good game :*
game-hours: 746.6
review: nice game, totally commend it... full of joy and fun
game-hours: 313.0
review: ~
game-hours: 881.6
review: nc game
game-hours: 716.9
review: lel wat
game-hours: 12.5
review: Just Epic Game !
game-hours: 242.2
review: rat dotko best dotko lulz
game-hours: 1672.4
review: Simply because this is DOTO !!
game-hours: 2048.9
review: If you're just a mere casual player looking for something to that you can use to kill time, then turn back now as Dota 2 is not the game for you. Dota 2 is unrivaled when it comes to balance, and competiveness. You will seldom come across a video game that requires as much cooperation and teammork, and let's not forget thlat is also unrivaled for being brutally unforgiving. New comers will undoubtly struggle, and the learning curve will sure drive away many new players but those who prevail will have experience one of the greatest possible experiences they will come across in gaming. Dota 2 is all about tactics and strategy. Everything you do or purchase from the in-game shop will have a significant effect on the outcome of the game, for good or worse. It is also where creativity with unconvential hero drafts or unorthodox item builds can either make you or break you, this is what makes Dota 2 so great. Getting into every aspect and detail into the game would require more than just a few paragraphs as this game is so immese and in-depth. I am writing this review almost with under 2,000 hours of gameplay under my belt, and I am not ashamed to say I am no master or expert, to the contrary actually I am just an average Dota 2 gamer who still questions himself, will I ever stop playing this game? Will Dota 2 ever get boring and old? I doubt it.
game-hours: 261.3
review: So addictive!
game-hours: 156.2
review: God Game Well Played
game-hours: 926.6
review: Great game, meepo best class for learning and rush divine rapier first item everygame
game-hours: 758.7
review: Bloodsuka
game-hours: 1.8
review: worst game i have ever played.... smite is better..... league is SOOO much better... do i need to tell you again? Just go play league
game-hours: 1228.9
review: I got yelled at by russians for asking if anyone spoke english 69/10 would ask again
game-hours: 557.1
review: K
game-hours: 0.8
review: @@
game-hours: 769.2
review: extremely adicting
game-hours: 1007.6
review: awsome game > League of Legend for sure
game-hours: 1101.4
review: Great game
game-hours: 1510.6
review: Can cause random erections, loss of social skills and huge hatred for anyone who speaks spanish. 10/10
game-hours: 2186.4
review: doma 2 is a meticulously realized hubworld that is completely to scale with the anazom rainforest. we had a fully qualified team to scope out this forest for they can make it a complete scale replica thats scaled
game-hours: 1835.9
review: Just great remake by Valve. Voices are awesome.
game-hours: 960.0
review: This game is a hive of scum and villainy filled to the brim with people who don't understand English but will queue on English servers anyways. This game WILL make you racist. This game WILL make you contemplate murder. This game WILL make you hate yourself. THIS GAME INSPIRES NOTHING BUT PURE RAGE AND WILL WASTE YOUR LIFE. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 881.6
review: good game
game-hours: 847.1
review: This kind of MOBA is fun!!!
game-hours: 968.3
review: Best Online game I ever played.
game-hours: 244.7
review: ????
game-hours: 984.3
review: Dota 2 is fun :)
game-hours: 3116.8
review: good way to find friends!!! and test play execution with team members!
game-hours: 3802.9
review: do you have mental,skill,speed and passion ? if u dont, skip playing this game
game-hours: 1115.6
review: worst game ever
game-hours: 13.0
review: Like a Game
game-hours: 1190.6
review: I like Game
game-hours: 413.3
review: I have over 200 games on steam. Everytime I launch steam I wonder what to play out of my huge backlog. Yet I play Dota 2. Great game with great mechanics! Reccommended to all who want a competitive game, but do not want to spend money on games like CS:GO or StarCraft 2.
game-hours: 6658.1
review: Ever wanted to take a trip to Peru? How about Russia? Brazil? Have no fear! Dota 2 is here! Everyone's favorite third-world country simulator is available FREE! Now you can be called '' and listen to neverending tales of your ' madre' all from the comfort of your own home, without ever even needing to leave your chair! Ten out of ten.
game-hours: 1582.0
review: Good strategy, teamplay game. Can be quite addictive and sometimes frustrating. Don't rage or type on cyrillic and you'll have lots of fun. Recommended 10/10.1
game-hours: 446.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 457.3
review: After games of endless feeding noobs and Russians. With constant Snipers, Bloodseekers, and Rikis. I would rate this 9/10. Good game overall and would reccomend to those who are patient and kind, If you are not these. YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE A BAD TIME.
game-hours: 667.2
review: Steam help me someone stole my items :( :((((
game-hours: 2078.4
review: awsome
game-hours: 1492.7
review: most addictive game ever
game-hours: 1795.6
review: Awesome-sauce game is awesome. It's one of those games that even though you suck at it, you still come back for more. xD PYRION FLAX IS AWESOME!
game-hours: 788.3
review: EVERYBODY PLAY NOW!
game-hours: 740.6
review: This is a nice game.
game-hours: 629.4
review: its not how good you play .. its how good your teamwork !! You play good + Team very noob = lose You play noob + Team play good = lose You play good + Team play good =win/lose depend on the other team strategy ! So , if you wanna win this game you need play smart,fast and support other player on your team :)
game-hours: 1096.0
review: ya it sucks...bt its good
game-hours: 14.5
review: nice xd
game-hours: 3273.3
review: :D
game-hours: 1687.3
review: Great game. I'm addicted to it!
game-hours: 967.5
review: I liek tis geme.
game-hours: 318.5
review: The best world war 3 between Radiant and Dire. Need Individual and cooperative skill to win the war. and help us to learn English(not common language) in not proper way .
game-hours: 57.1
review: best game ever
game-hours: 2307.2
review: love playing this game and enjoy each moment when i play but with friends the most though when you be playing solo is kinda slacking with team work issues
game-hours: 1527.5
review: its ok
game-hours: 3131.3
review: Dota 2 is the spiritual successor to the Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne custom game "Defense of the Ancients: Allstars," in which the player controls a single hero unit in a battle to level up, collect loot, and destroy the enemy's structures, all within a typical 30-45-minute experience. Games can be longer or shorter, but typically fall within that window. As the metagame has changed due to content update patches, games have grown shorter over the years, but in the past, Dota was likened to "World of Warcraft in an hour." It is an accurate analogy, as the player experiences many traditional RPG elements while competing head-to-head against other players. Dota 2 is an incredibly complex, strategy-driven, competitive game. With over 100 individual, unique heroes from which to choose, as well as a variety of different game modes to mix up the drafting process, each game is an experience unto itself. No two games will ever be identical. The one thing standing in the way of most players new to the genre of MOBAs is the unforgiving nature of the game. For better or worse, each mistake a player makes can be critical in the final outcome of the game, especially as the clock ticks on. In a couple of seconds, the entire tide of the game could swing heavily from one team to the other's if even one costly mistake is made. As a result of this, many players have developed a rather distasteful attitude toward others when mistakes are made. A word that is often thrown around is "toxic," which isn't inaccurate; the toxicity of the community can be a terrible deterrent to new players, and can actively inhibit growth of the game. Thankfully, Valve have implemented ways in which to curb these behaviors through punishments dished out to players with nasty attitudes. Each player is given a number of "reports" per week, which can be issued against other players who have exhibited poor form, rudeness, excessive communication spam, or other infractions, and as a player accrues reports, he or she may face a communication mute or a number of games in the "low priority" queue, which is sort of like rehabilitation back into society. While I have spent a lot of time talking about the negative aspects of the game, I want to stress that I have been playing Dota since 2004, and I don't see a stopping point in sight even yet. I am consistently captivated by the dynamic and interesting nature of the game, of each individual game, to offer me a unique, fun, and rewarding trade-off for my time commitment. There are few feelings in gaming as satisfying and enjoyable as coming away from a game with a hard-fought win against other players with good attitudes. It makes the bad stuff seem trivial by comparison. In addition to the actual gameplay elements explored in this review, Dota 2 is part of the greater Steam Trading community, a collective of games featuring in-game economies and persistent item storage for players through the Steam platform. Even if you don't particularly like the game itself, item trading from player-to-player can be tremendously rewarding and fun, and if you're lucky, you could find yourself with an item worth up to many thousands of dollars. Of course, with any relatively free market, there will be unsavory and dishonest individuals out there who will not blink an eye before attempting to scam you, rip you off, or otherwise take advantage of you. Thankfully, there are plenty of resources available to new traders, so do your research! In fact, if you need help, don't be afraid to add me directly and fire away. I'm always happy to help. In conclusion, Dota and Dota 2 are without a doubt the games on which I have spent the most time playing. Each new game brings me a new, exciting experience, and as long as you remind yourself to maintain a positive attitude and resist the urge to treat your fellow player with disrespect, you will agree that it is among the best multiplayer experiences available anywhere. Learn it, love it, and play on!
game-hours: 68.6
review: Dota makes the quota. (   )
game-hours: 19.3
review: Dota2 > HoN > LoL
game-hours: 2379.3
review: my favourite game
game-hours: 1438.0
review: Bring it on !
game-hours: 1743.8
review: Nice game
game-hours: 1177.8
review: This game is awesome
game-hours: 490.1
review: fun...
game-hours: 190.9
review: nice one
game-hours: 749.9
review: the best of the best
game-hours: 1122.1
review: A great game to kill time
game-hours: 1652.3
review: good game
game-hours: 894.5
review: best game
game-hours: 1015.6
review: This Game very good :)
game-hours: 1724.5
review: dddd
game-hours: 259.1
review: i like dota2 it feels me .....
game-hours: 3920.4
review: i like this game because this game teach you how to play teammate, with awesome your strategy to beat the enemy. and this game can be as earn money $_$
game-hours: 3372.2
review: love this game
game-hours: 365.6
review: nice
game-hours: 1076.0
review: You will never "get the hang of this" or "fully understand" all the ins and outs of this Esport. It can be one of the most frustrating, annoying soul crushing games. But when it starts coming together and you have a good group that knows how to play together its amazing. Unless you have 400 hours to spend on this game i wouldnt bother, because even with around 400 hours you will still be a fairly rank amateur.
game-hours: 2453.9
review: i will recommend this vedeo for some tips on how to support...^^ but im still studying how support player do
game-hours: 739.8
review: Cool,recomended!
game-hours: 2360.0
review: Really like the recommendations, tutorials, n all new things :D
game-hours: 5405.5
review: my life
game-hours: 1053.1
review: best game on steam
game-hours: 2304.4
review: Stay in the trees... I told you !
game-hours: 1044.5
review: Dota 2 is my enjoyment, there are many times dota 2 erase all my stress in my life. I like dota 2 very much.
game-hours: 345.3
review: Very fun and addicting. Prepare a decent gaming mouse for this. Enjoy.
game-hours: 862.3
review: i really like this game beause it involves thinking stratigicaly and have to make the right decision when playing this game..ya so it's a really fantastic game
game-hours: 434.8
review: Here we go...
game-hours: 1012.7
review: ++++
game-hours: 323.7
review: Love this game
game-hours: 47.5
review: this game rocks!
game-hours: 268.3
review: Best game. nothing more, nothing less.
game-hours: 2082.4
review: !
game-hours: 1950.7
review: Awesome game ever seen !
game-hours: 2685.8
review: so sexy
game-hours: 137.6
review: I like this kind of games...and i have tried League Of Legeds! There are several differences between the two games! hmm dota2 8/10
game-hours: 785.4
review: DOTA 2 has changed my life... I have spend all my money on virtual pants whilst spending night after night...naked...playing dota until my sweaty buttcrack is glued stuck to my chair. And the worst part is...I don't even regret it 10/10
game-hours: 2545.4
review: Dota 2 very positive and interesting game.It can be played endlessly.I recommend this game to all, because they are world-class!
game-hours: 1243.5
review: SOOOO ADDICTING
game-hours: 7.0
review: Amazing game, takes a while to understand controls but overall amazing!
game-hours: 1012.0
review: Devoured my soul and made me a better person by teaching me to call out people's mistakes while taking no responsibility for mine. 10/10 Recommend
game-hours: 681.4
review: best game ever made (y)
game-hours: 377.8
review: Fantastic MOBA game.
game-hours: 2466.1
review: yes
game-hours: 3187.9
review: Good game ever
game-hours: 811.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 906.0
review: Once you get in, you never get out.
game-hours: 89.9
review: Want to play this game? Expect to be very good at it and do everything right upon your first instinct. 10/10 from a pathelogical liar.
game-hours: 204.9
review: This game is great. BUT YOU KICK  WHEN YOU FIND SOMEONE YOU'RE GOOD WITH
game-hours: 769.9
review: game is sick
game-hours: 1699.6
review: good!!
game-hours: 1940.6
review: brilliant!!!!!!
game-hours: 134.3
review: blyad i mean awesome game everyone should play it
game-hours: 657.9
review: i like it
game-hours: 1372.7
review: Very addictive ruins your life
game-hours: 2611.4
review: this game is really good and well graphics to and to easy games so download it and play
game-hours: 3375.5
review: hi
game-hours: 1246.9
review: 123
game-hours: 407.6
review: yes , im the one
game-hours: 515.9
review: Fora a free game, I had a lot of fun. But I've been drunbk since April so what do I know?
game-hours: 253.3
review: i like this game because of the special and unique program graphics
game-hours: 481.4
review: b est game eveer
game-hours: 2266.5
review: Dota2 was the first RTS I played. And most likely will be the last one also. Awesome game, takes some time to learn but after you get into the game, its mad fun and enjoyable. Only minus is the sometimes-so-sh*tty -community. But just mute everyone and that shouldn't be a problem anymore! GL HF absolutely recommending this for everyone
game-hours: 269.7
review: Dota 2 pa more! :-3
game-hours: 380.1
review: Good game and Competitive. I Like this game so much
game-hours: 392.6
review: Singsing is everywhere. Singsing is all around us. Even now, in this very room. You can see Singsing when you look out your window or when you turn on your television. You can feel Singsing when you go to work when you go to church when you pay your taxes. Singsing is the world that has been pulled over your eyes to blind you from the truth.
game-hours: 39.4
review: This game is so GOOD
game-hours: 1431.3
review: mid or feed
game-hours: 1416.2
review: Dota 2. This game steals your life more than Stannic and any other 'Life-steal' item combined. Some people might this game hard well not some maybe everyone but once you get to handle the heroes you can't stop closing the game. There is a fact this games such as Dota increase your brain by 19% overall. several of my friends hated gaming until when Dota 2 was payed and it used to give like 10-15 gifts I gave to several of my friends and they have more than 2K hours logged in to this game. Recommend this game to everyone. 10/10 Plus point you might learn Russian, Spanish, And several other languages. :)
game-hours: 1578.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 246.5
review: Good :)
game-hours: 403.3
review: Qwertyuiop
game-hours: 2133.7
review: can't you see i'm gay
game-hours: 404.4
review: fantastic
game-hours: 2667.0
review: Endless addiction, the possible outcome from every game is different. Play till you drop
game-hours: 1561.9
review: awaw
game-hours: 1107.4
review: exiting
game-hours: 2048.9
review: I waited so long for this... Twas worth the wait.
game-hours: 1235.1
review: I like market !
game-hours: 2094.9
review: it's really good!!!
game-hours: 2457.2
review: come to play,,
game-hours: 164.7
review: Very nice game. It's my chance to training my gaming skills
game-hours: 936.1
review: This game is not just about kill or be killed, but also about how you can save your friend. accordance with selogannya "free to play" I think this game is very comfortable and not boring when played every day. This is a new world in which a person between countries met and fantasize in the same game
game-hours: 623.3
review: this game make me cant foccuss to study haha
game-hours: 192.1
review: nice gaming
game-hours: 1474.0
review: Very good game! (Y)
game-hours: 750.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 3688.3
review: help me :P :P
game-hours: 930.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 2271.1
review: .
game-hours: 784.9
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 34.3
review: Honestly love this game, i loved League of Legends too but i find Dota 2 a little more fun but i still play them both
game-hours: 997.1
review: this game so fukin magical super mega power excited!
game-hours: 408.6
review: cool
game-hours: 1785.1
review: (B)eautiful (E)xelent (S)atisfactory (T)empting
game-hours: 2078.9
review: Best game! ohh yeah!
game-hours: 421.5
review: LoL is for babys this is much better, better comunity, better graphigs better everything :D dota 2 forever!!!!
game-hours: 1201.5
review: Low prio = normal match They both have idiots and you'll always end up having a sniper with 5 bracers
game-hours: 1415.1
review: tyr this game. worth it!
game-hours: 2550.3
review: Played few hours, good game. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 2623.0
review: real man's game !
game-hours: 974.5
review: This game is taking over my life :p
game-hours: 67.4
review: wew
game-hours: 612.2
review: nice
game-hours: 5.3
review: its good game
game-hours: 1067.7
review: Best MOBA ever.
game-hours: 633.3
review: ggwp
game-hours: 1176.6
review: best of best
game-hours: 1326.3
review: I hope all player can play more calmly so this game can be more enjoyable.... :D
game-hours: 482.1
review: GOOOD
game-hours: 3088.4
review: great game ever!
game-hours: 1402.0
review: one of the most addictive game ever,one u go dota u never go back....recomended for those who would like to kill time and enjoy with friends online competative gameplay. well done valve on the updates and ever so cool new heroes with new sets.
game-hours: 954.0
review: EVERYTHING'S GOOD EXCEPT FOR PERUVIANS AND THEIR NO SUPPORT STRATEGY! GG 4*
game-hours: 1189.2
review: Highly Recommended Game. Totally addicted to it.
game-hours: 1464.3
review: amazing game :Xxx
game-hours: 1078.0
review: Best Moba and will still be the best <3
game-hours: 482.0
review: wow its magic
game-hours: 717.8
review: I HATE THIS ING GAME!!! 10/10
game-hours: 1955.5
review: well organized. valve did a good job.
game-hours: 523.5
review: 1 rare = 1 rare with
game-hours: 2020.8
review: lolol
game-hours: 68.4
review: Nice game !
game-hours: 1679.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 1166.7
review: the best game ever in the world. full strategy and teamwork
game-hours: 1814.2
review: Cant stop playing this game. the best game ever in the world
game-hours: 1144.9
review: BEST GAME
game-hours: 0.5
review: MUTHA FUKIN RUSSIA M8
game-hours: 1728.8
review: It's awesome
game-hours: 634.1
review: Bade WoW Age Game i Bashe Oon Ham Dota 2 Hast
game-hours: 119.2
review: Very addicting and enjoyable. warning also mght destroy your life
game-hours: 340.2
review: good !
game-hours: 319.2
review: This is a great game. I see reviews about "rude" players and "Russians", but maybe that depends just on the server. I started playing a few days back on the East Asia server and everything is just great. I never encountered a rude player. It is a team game and is great to play with friends. Solo play is great too, but the players lack team work.
game-hours: 596.0
review: Good game. :D
game-hours: 1318.8
review: Lots of fun. Will play again A++++++++++++++++++
game-hours: 100.9
review: great game
game-hours: 2710.1
review: Great game
game-hours: 832.5
review: Best game in the world, needs a lot of practice to get good at but time worth while spending! A lot of unique characters with unique abilities, nothing more to say. Play it!
game-hours: 1021.7
review: Good game. :D
game-hours: 823.4
review: I played this game once or twice. It is ok i guess.
game-hours: 530.8
review: Really like this game. Has me wanting to play it everyday
game-hours: 1522.5
review: ITS THE BEST GAME OF ALL TIME
game-hours: 58.9
review: Fun gaame with friends 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 1056.1
review: GOOD GAME :D
game-hours: 41.8
review: This game is ok gameplay, but you have to wait 10 minutes to find a match, then 9/10 people ready up, the last one doesn't, then you search again. Finally, you get into a game with 8 russians and 1 screaming 9 year old. Then everyone screams and hates eachother. 4/10
game-hours: 1228.1
review: best game ever played
game-hours: 17.6
review: DOTA 2 is a gr8 game.
game-hours: 3359.9
review: aaa
game-hours: 1593.3
review: Spent over 50$, but man do I look cool!
game-hours: 3542.1
review: This is my Life !
game-hours: 748.7
review: my game
game-hours: 1089.1
review: Cool and very awesome
game-hours: 2327.6
review: Good Game Recommended :D
game-hours: 315.0
review: ergfdsiojfdg
game-hours: 581.9
review: great strategy,good balance,awesome gameplay and very addictive
game-hours: 675.4
review: So freakin good \m/
game-hours: 110.6
review: Same  community as League of Legends.
game-hours: 1093.4
review: Good Game Well Playing
game-hours: 66.2
review: i watched tv and had some chinese food and then i had a heart attack 10/10 - IGN
game-hours: 714.1
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 590.1
review: Most amazing game on Steam...
game-hours: 1222.9
review: addicting
game-hours: 903.2
review: IT IS HARD BUT VERRY FUN WHEN YOU KNOW HOW TO PLAY
game-hours: 4116.5
review: it's ok
game-hours: 1454.3
review: Good Game...!!!
game-hours: 635.7
review: Great!
game-hours: 583.7
review: good game
game-hours: 83.0
review: i
game-hours: 363.5
review: FYI: Dota stands for Defense of the Ancients Hello Ladies and Germs! Today you are looking at Dota 2 Review! Dota used to be a gamemode in Warcraft 3! It was so Popular it went on steam! If you haven't played Dota 2 or Warcraft 3 Dota then this review will help you out! First of all Dota 2 IS NOT A FIRST PERSON SHOOTER GAME. It is a strategy game so if you do not like strategy games or you just suck at it then don't play it plz. The Goal of the game is theres 3 Towers on each 3 Sides. Fight your way and Destory the Radiant's/Dire's Ancient and you will win the game! It's a 5V5 Game so you need to rely on your team too. There are 3 types of heroes: Strength, Agility, and Intelligence. Strength are really tanky which means they have more health and less mana, they are also mostly nukers, pusher, etc. Agilitys depends on items so most of them are carrys which means they farm. Intelligence have lots of mana and most of them are supports because most of them can trap, heal, etc. But most intelligence heroes are squishy (means they can die easily, example: Crystal Maiden (idk if i spelled it right lol)).
game-hours: 827.3
review: Serching for a match... Pinoys everywhere :D
game-hours: 2324.8
review: 10/10
game-hours: 1906.0
review: good game , good game
game-hours: 1685.4
review: Diverso e dio garantidos!
game-hours: 964.9
review: COOL ^^
game-hours: 1322.1
review: Amazing fun Moba Action
game-hours: 50.9
review: Basically, if you're going to play Dota 2, stay on the SE Asia and Australia servers, otherwise you will get angry people from Dubai callling you "a bad Phantom Assasin" in their language ;-;, the hate is real
game-hours: 921.8
review: Can spend hours playing
game-hours: 2429.2
review: After 2000 hours i have finally learned Russian.
game-hours: 7291.4
review: Hi Guys! Making my short review of Dota. I dont wanna u guys get bored :) Look, Just an awsome game what can i say, maybe almost perfect.I m playing this for some time now, almost 7 years on another platform u all know called Garena. But now im truly glad u guys handling this game and its particular community :D I restarted playing Dota because of you, so i thank you :D found it by some frends who played a bit with me when Dota1 was up. ANd i found this game so but so much better. In all! For me the most important thing was the gameplay of dota keps the same, even better! Was perfectly made m8S congrats! Well, i just wish u guys behind this scenes : the people and theyr effort expended here. Thank You alot! Keep the awsome work untill now ! 1love :) Rafa from Portugal ps: Allways welcome guys to spend a bit of ur vacations here in my country chillin some sun and good red wine B)
game-hours: 21.0
review: its meh
game-hours: 1406.1
review: <3
game-hours: 2564.5
review: ggwp
game-hours: 206.2
review: Best game on earth
game-hours: 2636.2
review: Dota is Love, Dota is Life
game-hours: 515.6
review: Best Game Ever :`D <3
game-hours: 745.3
review: doto is the best doto
game-hours: 1.5
review: i thing the game is good if you have a good pc lolololol
game-hours: 537.5
review: I dont know to describe this game since valve has making change on this patch. No drop at all and consolation box for every level has been taken away. Others aspect remain cool but for item drop really make me sick ;(
game-hours: 746.6
review: I love it this game..
game-hours: 691.0
review: Playing and Building New Friends Online With This Great Environment DOTA Game... Great Items To Play With the Heroes...
game-hours: 2612.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 979.9
review: Great game to lose friends!
game-hours: 1047.7
review: epic game
game-hours: 1323.7
review: good game,good life
game-hours: 1445.8
review: ^^
game-hours: 29.6
review: Nice!
game-hours: 737.5
review: BEST GAME OF MEIN LIFE
game-hours: 33.3
review: Good game
game-hours: 232.9
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 7389.0
review: Dota 2 best DOTO
game-hours: 381.6
review: The best game in the world BUT Volvo PLEASE DO SOMETHING WITH COMMUNITY, make some HARD punishments for feeding, being AFK, strong language etc..
game-hours: 2135.6
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 403.6
review: nice
game-hours: 860.6
review: i love this game.. :))
game-hours: 860.5
review: Melhor Moba da Steam Ever
game-hours: 345.5
review: Amazing. Absolutely amazing.
game-hours: 1474.2
review: :D
game-hours: 386.0
review: Best game ever...
game-hours: 2060.4
review: Dota 2 is my life !!
game-hours: 1.4
review: 0/10 put in shrek
game-hours: 29.2
review: Dota is Life!
game-hours: 335.0
review: MID OR FEED
game-hours: 685.0
review: noise!
game-hours: 3803.6
review: gg game
game-hours: 868.0
review: Valve distributes "pillbox" model free-to-play, that is, to try his hand in the game is completely free. Commercial developers' interest is primarily due to the operation of the gaming market for buying and selling a variety of accessories for the characters. Occasionally cosmetic bun drop at the end of the match for free. Much more often players get chests with hidden treasures, the key to which you can buy in the store Dota 2. Decoration characters - a purely personal matter. Buying things does not affect the balance sheet, so that in general all the charm of "bunkers" are available to everyone. Investments do not open new gameplay possibilities, as is done, for example, in the League of Legends. Ultimately, the outcome of the match is always open to the professional level player. If someone is not familiar with the concept of Dota, briefly sketch it. The teams of Light and Darkness task is to destroy the enemy base. The composition of each party consists of five characters, one of which management is performed by the player. Also they are involved in a battle "creeps" - weak "units", follows a simple algorithm to go on a given route and kill oncoming enemies. For the destruction of heroes and creeps players get money and experience, who spend on the development of his character. It is here that concluded the full potential of "bunkers". Heroes in the game for more than a hundred. For the successful outcome of the match is not enough to choose a character, you liked visually. Proven in one battle hero can be completely useless in another. Everything, from the choice of the ward to set items purchased must assume the existence of a comprehensive plan for the match. Any action requires serious analysis of the situation during the game. Every decision is situational, and success depends entirely on your ability to correctly calculate the potential opponent to see major trumps his team "peak" and predict the course of battles. The longer you play, the more opportunities disclosed. Over time, you realize that "bunker" implies a simple but brilliant concept. Dota 2 Seven one waiting. And very often do not wait. Plot as such in Dota 2 no. Some event-background is rooted in the world of WarCraft 3. Only thing that can amuse themselves histories lovers - small biographical summary for each of the characters. However, the knowledge of these facts does not affect the gameplay. change the wallpaper The concept map, heroes - all migrated to the Dota 2 is almost unchanged. Yes, and what changes can we talk on the "bunkers"? The structure of the gameplay is strictly defined, and any attempt to bring conceptual innovation is fraught with loss of balance. Mindful of the fact that the cart does not need a fifth wheel, Valve neatly confined to some cosmetic innovations. First, Dota 2 as an independent project, has got a stylish menu that offers quick access to the game itself, store, news, as well as the creation of guides and translations professional matches. All the opportunities provided by the developers, organized very convenient, greatly reducing the barrier to entry for newcomers. For them the same way, a special education campaigns where they can, without spoiling the old residents of the nerves, to master the basic principles of playing different characters. After that - welcome to the expanses of the team battles. At the moment, there are seven game modes, in which the differences relate solely homepage of the match - the choice of heroes. For those who simply want to have fun and hone their management skills specific character fit popular All Pick. For "Daughtery" with professional ambitions preferable Captain's Mode, in which more tactical depth of the game is revealed. Anyway, interest in the proceedings increases proportionally to the number of familiar people in the team, because only with them possible quality "team play." Dota 2 "Loaf, loaf, anyone you choose!" As for the gameplay, then we have good old "bunker", modified only visually. From medieval graphics WarCraft 3 left pixel and - characters look a lot more colorful than the first part, pleasant texture pleasing to the eye, each character has its own set of animations, all the effects are traced in detail and spectacular. Often, during a particularly massive battles, replete with an abundance of picture paints at which you lose the essence of what is happening. But overall graphics looks cool and is not satisfactory. The same goes for the voice acting. All characters engaging in activities unique voice give one of the harvested phrases. The spirit of the Games memorable soundtrack that Valve recorded using a full orchestra. Also, the developers involved in the game interesting chip: passing in silence match climactic battle moments of "heated" disturbing music. If we talk about very very small things that have changed the characteristics of certain abilities and artifacts, a couple of characters renamed. Number of the latter, incidentally, is constantly increasing - Valve regularly replenishes list missing characters from the first part and even threatens to create new heroes. Cancers to be boiled. alive Another nice feature of the new "DotA" is a system of storing statistics. All your defeat and victory shall be accounted for and matches are recorded so you can review your or someone else's game, having studied the "replay". Here you will find a very interesting camera mode, allowing for the match as he went on the monitor who was playing. Fog of War, mouse movement - a very useful feature for those who wish to master such heroes like Mipo or puja. Dota 2 Dying ogre - a sad spectacle. Valve also tried to create an advanced ranking system. During the matches are levels that are nominally rated player skill. Opponents with whom you are dealing with will meet your performance that should ideally create balance. In reality, however, some special factory new accounts in Steam, so start writing your stats from scratch or wait a low priority resulting from complaints (yes, the selection of the ideal community is held in the form of "reportov" which players throw each other). As a result, the Cubs first infantrymen entered in the "bunker", meet experienced "grandfathers" ready without any hints to explain who is who. So the problem autobalance not yet solved. Somewhat hampered by having fun and inadequate behavior of the individual gamers, which, incidentally, is largely played a major role in the folding of the special status of "bunkers". Although theoretically fans flunk Chat trite platitudes and rough netsenzurschinoy should be in the low-priority games that will have to deal with their own kind, however the level of aggression here rolls. However, this is by no means a disadvantage of the game. Reasons for this lie, as they say, somewhere in time and morals. Dota 2 Forest "farm" - a relatively safe way to get hold of experience and gold. Setting aside the problems of the community and popular mythology psevdointellektualnoy gaming abductor "pillbox" place exclusively in the consumer diet shkoloty, it must be admitted that Dota 2 is a surprisingly balanced development. In creation Valve she finally acquired all the necessary attributes independent game: decent appearance, great music and teaching campaign. Before us "bunker" is selected from the parental nest WarCraft 3 with its own feathers and spread its wings. Only appreciate her flight for some reason, not all are willing. P.S. All gameplay features are available free of charge; nice graphics; user-friendly interface; great music and sound.
game-hours: 224.3
review: ...............
game-hours: 17.7
review: I LUV DOTA2 :) LGATO IS A POOHEAD *FART*
game-hours: 851.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 1618.6
review: Besst!!
game-hours: 570.8
review: very nice.
game-hours: 368.1
review: The "Destroy your life" simulator. 8/8 no h8
game-hours: 3729.1
review: is good game
game-hours: 488.6
review: The few hundred hours i've spent with this game has been spent in public lobbies and some bot matches. It's great. Gameplay is Solid, There's enough diversity in playstyles to make any tactitian weep with joy. Though the community might not always be "Top Notch", there are a lot of people out there who are really looking forward to a good time, wether you are new to the game or not. Sure there are bugs. Sure there are some unbalanced heroes and items. Sure there's the occaisonal right , but if you are going to play a game that has near constant connection to the untamed internet and its hordes of demonic flamers and trolls, your gonna have to walk over that bridge, wether the troll likes it or not. The artstyle is appealing to the eye and the combat is vibrant with epic style animations and effects. Don't get me wrong, the Combat FEELS Good, but it LOOKS even better. There is no Pay-To-Win, which is what makes this a real 1# Place titel for me. The HUD Is Grounded in what works and has none of what doesnt. There's even a little toturial to explain the base game mechanics (with the exeption of runes and items). Overall, the game left me impressed and a few few cents short after those beautiful visual clothing sets i bought (just a few, I Swear) What i'm trying to say is that youre experience with this game is what you make of it. Wether its going to be playing for the team, a lone wolf, a team tank or something in the middle, its up to you wether your'e going to enjoy it, or decide it's not for you and so for me so far, Its Been One Helluve Ride....
game-hours: 1304.4
review: nice
game-hours: 1444.3
review: OK
game-hours: 2718.6
review: Are you peaceful, calm and collected? Do you like to shy away from anger? Do you want to become a more assertive, more aggressive person? Well Dota 2 teaches you a unique skillset, one that allows you to speak to foreingors in a more assertive manner. It allows you to be aggressive towards players that need a little guidance, and most of all, it is a more statistically viable option for inducing a stroke than having children is! Yay for anger issues!!
game-hours: 250.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 1345.9
review: nice
game-hours: 1589.1
review: A game that should be played for fun and worth your time
game-hours: 390.5
review: Good Game Sir And I like This Game :)
game-hours: 1637.6
review: The only game I never get bored of playing over and over again
game-hours: 1290.1
review: Nice game ever, addicted game ever, epic game ever, play for spending free time ...... like DOTA 2 and remember it's just a game .......
game-hours: 1150.2
review: Really polished experience, good and regular patches, strong pro scene and a very large playerbase (who are mostly toxic and are bad). Lots of different and fun modes and interesting heroes. Needs some adjustment to the MMR system and the way the drops work. Solid game. 8/10.
game-hours: 392.5
review: Dota 2 is an awesome game But its need something new from a time to time to make it more challenging... Like increasing the health and mana for the heroes or creating more than just one map Any way it's a great game
game-hours: 2323.9
review: GGWP
game-hours: 394.1
review: Awesome game! It keeps me from getting bored and playing with RUSSIANS IS AWESOME!!! Heavily breathing to mic, DJ mic, Raging, Feeding, AFK. Capabilities of playing with russians
game-hours: 1668.1
review: amazing game :D
game-hours: 317.6
review: SUPER DUPPER LOVE THIS GAME !!
game-hours: 458.1
review: This is a Great game but sometimes i meet many rude and noob player otherwise some or them also quite friendly , anyway Dota 2 still a very nice game hope this game will more be like by other ^^
game-hours: 220.7
review: ss
game-hours: 180.7
review: Awesome MOBA! I have tried League of Legends too for a couple years, but having a much better blast in this game! LoL is uninstalled.
game-hours: 352.3
review: I recommend it to everybody in the world of this game
game-hours: 773.1
review: GG.. kick those lots of abandon!!
game-hours: 385.4
review: Very good.
game-hours: 605.2
review: good game
game-hours: 1140.9
review: BETS GAME EVER
game-hours: 686.8
review: This game was awesome i like playing this game :)
game-hours: 1727.9
review: IceFrog, you brilliant human being! <3
game-hours: 1767.0
review: Love Dota 2
game-hours: 173.6
review: It's alright.
game-hours: 7.6
review: ITS GOOD
game-hours: 2156.6
review: This is no game - this is an addiction. Its a very tough game which provides new stuff to learn even after 2.000 hours of playing it. Though its very hard to get into game mechanics, it is a necessary thing to do a decent job in this game. But its absolutely worth it! Dota offers so many intensive moments and chances to turn everything around, matches which are obviously lost or won... Despite that, Ive met some nice and precious people which I never want to miss again.
game-hours: 1477.1
review: Hard beginning, forcing you to learn, if you survive the starting phase you will love it
game-hours: 824.5
review: I've been a lover of Dota since the Allstar days. Used to take extreme pride in my .wc3 Dota files...had quite a few. Let me tell you people that I've played a lot of games and this is the ONLY one that makes my heart pound out of my chest. Not EVERY match of Dota 2 spikes my adrenaline but when it does happen it makes all the hard times way more than worth it. This game is not for the weak. It is for those who will stop at nothing to achieve victory. This aspect extendes beyond the 1010001001's right into the human psyche.
game-hours: 77.0
review: good game
game-hours: 591.4
review: thrilling!!
game-hours: 748.5
review: :3
game-hours: 1454.3
review: this game is good
game-hours: 112.8
review: Pretty good
game-hours: 1409.9
review: This game is good .. strategic and good for learning good english.... This game is Fun and Good to play tho :D!!
game-hours: 430.7
review: GOOD GAME I LOVE IT
game-hours: 843.2
review: i liked this game =)
game-hours: 837.8
review: 10/10 would troll again
game-hours: 2066.7
review: gg
game-hours: 728.7
review: The Better
game-hours: 710.2
review: Doto 2 best doto
game-hours: 4284.1
review: REC GAME TO PRO
game-hours: 729.6
review: #GANKSQUAD
game-hours: 141.0
review: Welcome to Dota, City of Salt.
game-hours: 117.5
review: Dota 2
game-hours: 238.4
review: ......................
game-hours: 1242.2
review: good
game-hours: 1829.9
review: It stole my life...
game-hours: 1513.7
review: I am Groot
game-hours: 1764.2
review: joss
game-hours: 508.9
review: nice game ^_^ EVER
game-hours: 547.2
review: In the starting when i saw this game for the first time i thought it will be boring and at that time it was not that popular like LoL but when i saw some of my friend had this game like 500+ game hour recorded then i thought there should be something special in this game so without wasting my time i installed this game on steam and when i played the first match then i don't know what happened to me i got so addictive in this game that now i nearly have 210 game hour recorded about 120 matches played. i liked this Heroes,the abilities, i like to watch The International Tournament each year live all those teams fighting to become world's best Dota 2 team. I seriously recommend this game to all the guys who are reading this review. There are alot of events each year people enjoy more playing it, more Hero Sets, more Heroes added in the major updates that makes Dota 2 a "Game For All Time".
game-hours: 5700.7
review: I ing hate the game and it makes me rage but I can't stop playing.
game-hours: 311.3
review: Good game but your team mates dont help you sometimes
game-hours: 592.6
review: lets not fix this game instead lets add 25 items
game-hours: 392.1
review: nice
game-hours: 103.4
review: if you want 2 join my clan add me reneboy macabogwas
game-hours: 389.6
review: ",   .  " ,  ,      .   10/10
game-hours: 1434.3
review: nice
game-hours: 1578.6
review: Play if you want to ruin your life
game-hours: 1897.3
review: Best tool to learn language from the world!
game-hours: 467.2
review: Nice game
game-hours: 1900.2
review: best 1500 hours of my life
game-hours: 1145.8
review: good game
game-hours: 2999.6
review: the best Strategy Multiplayer game till now and i juz love it im juz addicted to this game.. i can't stop playing this game i play it for 16hours every day....
game-hours: 812.1
review: gg
game-hours: 172.4
review: Good game
game-hours: 1575.0
review: Teaseable PINOYS!!!
game-hours: 101.5
review: Sen-bloody-sational
game-hours: 2373.8
review: dota is fun and relaxing
game-hours: 843.6
review: is good
game-hours: 1555.9
review: Best game ever !!!!
game-hours: 870.9
review: mamku ebal EU East ususal chat.
game-hours: 481.9
review: NI:CE
game-hours: 487.5
review: adrenalin
game-hours: 675.4
review: good game
game-hours: 1297.2
review: Best Game ever !
game-hours: 264.0
review: so amazing
game-hours: 10.4
review: HALF LIFE 3 WILL NEVER BE RELEASED - GabeN
game-hours: 1162.5
review: Verry nice game
game-hours: 1439.6
review: wp
game-hours: 1751.3
review: DotA 2 is the continuation of the EPIC Warcraft III mod DotA. Instant addiction, lots of fun, screaming, pain, agony, joy, hate and love. Oh, and Russians. Everywhere
game-hours: 1198.4
review: NICE
game-hours: 100.2
review: Review of Dota 2 //STORYLINE The story is about a father (The ancient), and his kidnapped daughter (Roshan). The objective for the two teams is to either save Roshan and bring her to her father, or kill Roshan, if you do that, well... yeah.. //GRAPHICS Graphics are very bad. If you take a look at it's main competitor League of Legolas, you can see that that game has put much more effort into graphics and try and make it look very serious, and not cartoony or any of that . //GAMEPLAY Gameplay is very standard to an FPS. The characters you play as are not very varying, and they are all pretty much the same. But a very innovative thing is that when you win, you get very unique awards such as extra copies of the game, or different looking loading screens! But if you loose you will get punished with such things as the game will uninstall by itself (ask my good friend Difikoll about this, he has experienced it alot). //FINAL VERDICT It is a very unique FPS game so if you can afford it (60 USD), it is definetly worth buying. I give this game 6/9 joints.
game-hours: 483.7
review: dota2 verygood
game-hours: 1616.2
review: TCU DotA2
game-hours: 1522.9
review: ,     ....
game-hours: 606.5
review: WHY SO SERIOUS?
game-hours: 408.3
review: Awesome game, but not for the faint of heart. The amount of trashers in this game is too high.
game-hours: 485.6
review: Game's awesome
game-hours: 687.5
review: dota 2 is better than dota if you're not remember any items
game-hours: 1700.7
review: Valve please give me back my life!!??
game-hours: 2175.8
review: its awsomeeeee
game-hours: 1140.6
review: I think DOTA 2 is the best MOBA game :)
game-hours: 2427.9
review: ENORME
game-hours: 49.4
review: nice
game-hours: 1179.8
review: THIS GAME IS AMAZING! I've been playing for a while now and I honestly have to say it has the best community ever. I was playing in a Low Priorty match and got a full team of Russians. They are amazing players! I never knew Crystal Maiden can play mid againt an Outworld Devourer until I saw the Russians do it. When I started out; the community welcomed me by calling me their "" (i think it means brother). This was an amazing game and I'm glad I left Leauge of Lesbians for it.
game-hours: 1039.2
review: yes I am,this game is so annoying than others and also its a free to play game...Many can play this game because of the liscence and also many love it because of the graphic game.. Hope this can be the most number one game in steam..
game-hours: 537.8
review: nice game to do some PvP ^^
game-hours: 43.4
review: I love playing this game! Favorite character is Night Stalker!
game-hours: 909.2
review: Very nice game
game-hours: 1563.8
review: Learn a new language! Make friends through matchmaking! Girlfriends leaving! Failed grades! Parents furious! There are many reasons you should play this, and the kicker? It's free to play! play it now and start making friends and learn a new language! Endless possibilities await.
game-hours: 1595.3
review: YES YES YES
game-hours: 698.0
review: Awesome game,,,,,,!!!! let play together
game-hours: 98.3
review: bad game 2 is bad
game-hours: 1226.5
review: Riki is a dirty little gy-po who constantly s you in the  with his tiny  hands. Drow must give the whole of the Dota production team Blow jobs for them not to just straight up remove the OP  from the ing game. Was infected by the valve crate plauge off the bat, so make sure you have your wallet out. Overall a great game- Gato 10/10 GOTY plz valve
game-hours: 3.4
review: gud gim
game-hours: 5.0
review: I b8 in ur blod
game-hours: 1978.5
review: this is the best game ever I LOVE U FATIN NURNABIHAH wooooooooooooooooooohohohoho
game-hours: 1763.9
review: Good
game-hours: 3335.7
review: Ruins my life, can't change to any other game because can't go back to casual gaming, hate the living  out of it. When you suck at the game the whole experience sucks, when you know how to play you see your team do stupid  and lose so the whole experience sucks. DON'T PLAY 10/10
game-hours: 766.1
review: aaaaa
game-hours: 1278.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 1151.0
review: don't play this game unless you speak russian.
game-hours: 2662.8
review: good game if you're  like me
game-hours: 339.4
review: just nice game)
game-hours: 26.7
review: My mom was so angry she deleted the shortcut...
game-hours: 822.4
review: good graphic cool heroes and heroines best game so far although the rules/controls are a bit complicated for newbies =)
game-hours: 692.7
review: BLYAT IDI NA XUI PIDARAS DOLBAEB WAI YOU NO FARM WAI YOU PLAY DOTA GO PLAY TETRIS EEDIOT
game-hours: 2971.2
review: Love....if you may all it such,before I started playing it I had a normal life,a girlfriend,a family,one day I downloaded Dota 2 and quitted DotA(1) and everything suddenly...faded....and everything I got for my whole life can be named in a single word : "C y k a.".
game-hours: 2790.4
review: cool
game-hours: 691.2
review: The Best Game On Steam By A Long Shot!
game-hours: 365.2
review: good game
game-hours: 2825.0
review: I'm too addicted to this game. You are likely to lose your house, car, wife, and job by playing this game, as you will soon be sucked in to the Dota universe and forget the real world. More addictive than crack. 5 stars.
game-hours: 2056.5
review: its is a very nice and my number 1 game that i play i have no say a dislike too this game this is the best game ever
game-hours: 1309.5
review: Great game tho :)
game-hours: 1381.2
review: The original MOBA, and a fun game for many. The game that is always worth a try and is free so why not play for a day or the rest of your life?
game-hours: 1116.8
review: Wanna play in a US server? Russians, Spanish, Brazillians, and every other non english country will join you. There are more illegal aliens here than there are hoping the borders between us and mexico. 10/10 would learn forign launguage again.
game-hours: 444.2
review: Fun single-unit-micro strategy game. If you enjoy RTS genre, you should at least try this. Also a great tool for destroying your life.
game-hours: 967.9
review: Ruined my life. Would recommend.
game-hours: 17.2
review: Better than LoL.
game-hours: 1002.8
review: nice
game-hours: 338.2
review: Defense of the Ancients 2 - known more colloquially as DotA 2 - is a masterpiece of modern video game design. Harkening back to the age-old StarCraft 1 custom map Aeon of Strife, DotA 2 nearly perfects the elements introduce in that original mod. The mechanics and gameplay are ageless, simple in their implementation and flawless in their execution. Everything about Dota 2 is a triumph of engineering - the individual Heroes have fantastic character designs, both thematically and mechanically, and the game is perfectly balanced around its seemingly lack of scaling and at times stagnant nature. It is a game where Levels and Planning take precedent over Gold Advantage and Items, and teamwork is a union - a celebration, even - of independent player skill. This variety of complex mechanics, themes, and interactions that coalesce into a truly unique experience. I recall the time I forgot to Ward bot rune, and when mid lost Illusion to a Pudge from top lane, I was only blamed four times, as opposed to dozens in other, similar competing games. This unparalelled level of community benevolence and powerful inclination towards skillful play make DotA 2 the best game on the market, if not all of Human History. Four hundred years from now, when the Paragon Hyperscholars are uploading DigiEdu to the modbrains of the Neo Bourgeoisie, Dota 2 will forever be imbedded in the SiliconCortex as the zenith of PreHuman ingenuity. 0/10 it sucks
game-hours: 659.7
review: i gasmed
game-hours: 301.9
review: wow
game-hours: 97.6
review: I LOVE DOTA 2 because the unique blend of online RTS and RPG action that has made Dota popular with tens of millions of gamers and expand upon it in every way.
game-hours: 408.0
review: (y)
game-hours: 1144.5
review: Roughest community and steepest learning curve, other then that it's a great game that is constantly evolving.
game-hours: 1971.8
review: The best game i ever played ;-)
game-hours: 2264.7
review: good and nice game
game-hours: 996.3
review: Better then League Of Legend. (If you understanding rules).
game-hours: 1158.3
review: cool
game-hours: 611.7
review: is very good game
game-hours: 140.4
review: The free tool to learn languages such as: spanish,russian and german!
game-hours: 399.3
review: Iron branches 10/10.
game-hours: 3994.8
review: Worst game I've ever played. 10/10.
game-hours: 447.1
review: This game is so great and addictive! But lots of noobs and peenoise. >.<
game-hours: 3420.5
review: I don't know why everyone isn't playing this!
game-hours: 2558.5
review: In my opinion, Invoker is the most entertaining hero in Dota 2! He is also the most complex hero and has one of the highest potential skill cap. Play Invoker if you have enough patience and will to learn this Masterful Hero!
game-hours: 697.8
review: I <3 Dota !!!
game-hours: 194.0
review: dota 2 is good !
game-hours: 1149.2
review: based on satisfaction I would give this game(dota2) a 10/10..
game-hours: 1331.1
review: Best!
game-hours: 1827.8
review: Great game , made me now how to Pinoy Buklau
game-hours: 148.0
review: THis Game is Awesome...
game-hours: 1294.3
review: jogo irado
game-hours: 342.6
review: this is the most beautiful game that i ever played . :D
game-hours: 1175.6
review: i like dota 2. and watch video
game-hours: 1811.0
review: lol
game-hours: 949.7
review: i like it i really do!
game-hours: 1311.0
review: Nice Game !!!
game-hours: 665.5
review: nice
game-hours: 1899.2
review: I love dota! Dota 2 aswell! Very good game, soo many techniques on how to play your own build and soo much more!
game-hours: 1719.6
review: xD
game-hours: 135.4
review: aSAs
game-hours: 1645.5
review: Dota2 :v
game-hours: 381.5
review: Its annoying when it comes slow internet :3
game-hours: 387.3
review: in russia dota 2 plays YOU
game-hours: 1694.6
review: spella litta dotta
game-hours: 2802.1
review: Gives me a boner.
game-hours: 844.7
review: Fun and full of magic and wonders to discover. This is the Grand sequel of DOTA 1, meaning that it is well improved in all aspects. It is a great way to kill time and socialize. Yet new player may face hard times due to the fact that there are people out there that cuss alot. Still... my guild and I love this game. Yes, thumbs up.
game-hours: 302.7
review: great
game-hours: 337.4
review: dota 2 nice
game-hours: 582.0
review: There are some bugs I didnt like. But I really enjoy this game.
game-hours: 1.5
review: love the graphics
game-hours: 512.4
review: good team game,
game-hours: 672.2
review: BEST game ever !!!!!!
game-hours: 298.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 522.0
review: Awesome
game-hours: 516.9
review: BEST GAME EVER MADE. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK VALVE
game-hours: 34.7
review: tnx
game-hours: 16.3
review: Do you have free time? Do you hate yourself? If the answer to both of these questions is yes, I'd like to introduce you to Dota 2.
game-hours: 349.0
review: I have a freind that just moved from Russia he says that people who speak english are invading their servers...
game-hours: 93.7
review: I don't see why people say that this game makes you hate Russians. It has only made me prejudiced against tiny imp-like creatures with permanent invisibility, bloated corpses with hooks and chains, and immortal blood elves that send meteors from halfway across the map. 10/10 would have my head pwned again EDIT WINDRANGER IS MY WAIFU. NOBODY CAN HAVE HER. NEW EDIT NEVERMIND, PHANTOM ASSASSIN IS MY WAIFU NOW
game-hours: 2629.9
review: Who needs friends. Or family. Or any social interaction what so ever with any living being on the planet. 11/10 gg icefag
game-hours: 1300.7
review: Ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 715.3
review: nice
game-hours: 183.0
review: ^_^ Have fun :3
game-hours: 181.5
review: Rinshan Kaihou
game-hours: 565.2
review: aAA
game-hours: 1070.9
review: Play
game-hours: 2081.7
review: Good and Epic
game-hours: 22.0
review: like dota 1 but its 2
game-hours: 1285.5
review: i really enjoy Farming Simulator 2013: Asian Rice Edition
game-hours: 993.9
review: I recommend this game for those who wants to a another ultimate gaming experience..
game-hours: 305.3
review: good
game-hours: 2164.6
review: joss
game-hours: 380.4
review: recommended
game-hours: 1683.7
review: this game have best purposes, such as thinking how to work well as team and how to win every match which played with good strategy
game-hours: 660.3
review: Nice game
game-hours: 63.4
review: ok bro
game-hours: 1653.1
review: Millions of people play dota 2 everyday. Don't you want to know why it's so popular? Play it yourself to understand :)
game-hours: 459.1
review: Such a nice game . Thanks Valve
game-hours: 2659.7
review: BEST GAME EVER !
game-hours: 325.3
review: aaaaaaaaaaaa
game-hours: 959.6
review: good game
game-hours: 493.7
review: Time consuming, russian speaking, asian ruling, newbie sucking, still good-looking, kinda gripping MOBA
game-hours: 96.5
review: a
game-hours: 593.5
review: Defense of the Ancients 2 (DotA 2) is by far one of the best games you can play, especially if you enjoyed League of Legends. The difference between the latter game and the former (aside from the obvious, such as developer), is the fact that DotA 2 reinvents the game and innovates it by giving it the Valve touch. Not only are the Heroes (the equivalent of "Champions" in LoL) all fun to play and the other players fun to play with, but the system of commendation, reporting, leveling, and item acquirance are all unique and effectively made. Overall, this is an amazing game to play and once you try it out (and you undoubtedly will try it out at some point), you'll be glad you did.
game-hours: 38.4
review: Dota 2 is many things to many people: it's a great way to kill an afternoon with friends; it's a spectator sport platform with its own item-betting scene; it's a hobby; it's a profession, and a way to make a living. It isn't perfect and likely never will be, as each update tends to fix bugs and introduce new ones, and the tutorial could certainly use some work. However, with zero cost to play and one of the highest skill ceilings of any game I've ever encountered, Dota 2 is a modern multiplayer masterpiece.
game-hours: 1985.7
review: love this game the hero skills & items....theres nothing to dislike:)
game-hours: 962.8
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 195.8
review: Good Game
game-hours: 41.8
review: Kappa
game-hours: 455.4
review: great game.. i ever play
game-hours: 386.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 930.8
review: this game is perfect
game-hours: 2219.4
review: best game in the world
game-hours: 399.8
review: I love this game more than I love anyone..the best ing game ever!
game-hours: 1007.7
review: This is is so awesome can't take away your boredom.
game-hours: 183.2
review: Awesome game. Highly recommend. PROS: - Constantly changing - Regular balancing updates - Highly strategic CONS: - Sucks away my soul
game-hours: 113.2
review: i love dota 2
game-hours: 1214.8
review: Ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 2601.0
review: ez katka
game-hours: 2147.6
review: This game stole my life. 10/10
game-hours: 1079.0
review: Initially, I really dont know about this moba game even in the previous form (dota 1), but when my friend played this game in my house, I became interested with this game so I download it my self and started to play it. You know what? Now I got addicted in this game. Lol *BTW I wrote this review in order to complete my badges LOL
game-hours: 3776.6
review: Nice game ever
game-hours: 266.7
review: great game but its lag in my country lol
game-hours: 937.1
review: Come and Try :D
game-hours: 1045.2
review: It connects people all over the world...
game-hours: 547.7
review: Nice games i like it
game-hours: 1750.5
review: palyed league of LoL but ive switched to volvo's doto because nashor give me immortal of the aegis
game-hours: 1365.9
review: #BetterthanLOL #Yolo Great game dont play LOL
game-hours: 554.1
review: You kill people.
game-hours: 217.8
review: GG
game-hours: 22.2
review: LAGOONA BLAZE IT
game-hours: 1820.1
review: Just give it a try.
game-hours: 952.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 314.9
review: Why my team is always .. how to say it ..... patetic?
game-hours: 1025.7
review: Good Game!
game-hours: 1156.5
review: NICE GAME SUCH WOW MUCH INTENSE
game-hours: 5.0
review: A VERSION THAT WORKS WITH NORTON
game-hours: 2735.6
review: Easiest game of my life!
game-hours: 1564.9
review: best game ever.
game-hours: 13.3
review: Don't really know what I'm doing on this.. Rough idea. Sort of like LoL.
game-hours: 40.9
review: ....
game-hours: 314.8
review: best game ever
game-hours: 474.8
review: Best
game-hours: 791.7
review: very nice game that is continually evolving!
game-hours: 3435.5
review: nice game lots of fun nice community love it <3<3<3
game-hours: 786.3
review: DOTA 2 has changed my life... I have spend all my money on virtual pants whilst spending night after night...naked...playing dota until my sweaty buttcrack is glued stuck to my chair. And the worst part is...I don't even regret it 10/10
game-hours: 10495.3
review: This game is certainly one of the best i've ever play, just make sure you're in high tier, because the low trench tier is nightmare
game-hours: 2583.7
review: Play this if you are ready to lose your soul and be ready to give up on your social life.
game-hours: 824.5
review: best game in the world
game-hours: 2188.5
review: caution to be addict
game-hours: 214.7
review: GOOD GAME !!
game-hours: 549.0
review: Best game
game-hours: 537.9
review: Nice
game-hours: 1405.9
review: GGWP
game-hours: 1259.2
review: best game ever
game-hours: 998.7
review: ZXC
game-hours: 1911.7
review: top
game-hours: 5062.6
review: Good game
game-hours: 643.7
review: Dis gaim sacks every secund jew plei it an africen child dies
game-hours: 170.2
review: Best game ! :D
game-hours: 757.5
review: good game
game-hours: 1538.8
review: For Angsty people who want a shot at reasoning with keyboard warriors!
game-hours: 374.3
review: DOTA 2 is a nice game!
game-hours: 2576.4
review: Awesome game great strategy
game-hours: 499.3
review: Friendship destroyer, 10/10 would play again, learn many many many language, like russian , philippines, chinese, and cykacykacykacykacyka.
game-hours: 1481.9
review: Most played game ever!!! For Now..
game-hours: 825.1
review: we need peas
game-hours: 1701.2
review: it's a good game , where i can relax after school :D
game-hours: 517.8
review: Best game on steam by far.
game-hours: 2135.9
review: Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,Russians,
game-hours: 46.3
review: oo Doto sorsa.
game-hours: 0.2
review: i dont like it when people put dead animals in games not cool bethesda
game-hours: 117.2
review: You haven't lived until you have played a proper MOBA. And DotA is the place to start.
game-hours: 2853.2
review: No life after starting this game.
game-hours: 708.3
review: the classic an the best MOBA
game-hours: 570.7
review: I had a girlfriend and money before this game. Aside from that , the game is different from all the other free to play games. You get to choose from a huge amount of heroes and set your own way of playing. On top of a hero you use items to furthure adavance your hero. Matches can be 5v5 or 1v1 and you can even do bot matches if you hate human interactions. Pro's ~Hero pool ~Abilites ~Combat ~Bot's are actual not horrible Con's ~Not many different maps ~Hard to learn ~Fast paced ~Cannot pause it Overall 8/10 Worth the price . Free of course.
game-hours: 1199.9
review: good game
game-hours: 623.4
review: The game can be played at any skill level but the beauty is that at higher levels there is so much depth that no two games are ever alike. The only issue is that it is difficult to improve without having someone (friendly) better than you who will actively call out your mistakes; in Dota 2, ignorance is not bliss.
game-hours: 2510.7
review: love this game just play it now dude!!
game-hours: 4936.6
review: nice
game-hours: 320.0
review: : 3
game-hours: 572.6
review: best game to have ever existed! :YAY:
game-hours: 4381.4
review: good game
game-hours: 278.1
review: this game is gool
game-hours: 1377.3
review: sad
game-hours: 2282.8
review: 10/10 would sacrifice virginity
game-hours: 150.1
review: Hands down the most tactical and rewarding multiplayer experience I've ever had. However, that comes at the cost of a steep learning curve, going from "beginner baby mode tutorials" to "you have died 20 times and your whole team is calling you homophobic slurs". Playing a few tutorials and bot matches, however, should prepare you to be an asset to your team and fully enjoy the game.
game-hours: 892.9
review: this game is addicting that is all peaceim going to play it now
game-hours: 1487.2
review: Good Game
game-hours: 2537.6
review: fast and fun for children and grownups!
game-hours: 2713.4
review: LOve it
game-hours: 1385.3
review: hahah
game-hours: 3812.0
review: I like it
game-hours: 171.0
review: i like DOTA2
game-hours: 311.0
review: very addictive and potential
game-hours: 988.8
review: i love dota2 so much,,,, its eaasy game
game-hours: 706.5
review: never tired play this game
game-hours: 687.6
review: good game if you need reflections and yyou like moba games. in the begining its hard to learn but fun to play
game-hours: 699.2
review: the fun never ends!!!!
game-hours: 918.7
review: Nice Gaming
game-hours: 1189.1
review: This game is great !!
game-hours: 2018.1
review: 1.5k hours says enough
game-hours: 1001.9
review: awesome :D
game-hours: 1088.5
review: This is an awesome game that uses alot of strategy. why do i say so its because you a playing against people around the continent and you do not know them therefore you wouldn't know how incredible they are or even useless. Thumbs Up!!!
game-hours: 577.5
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 774.5
review: I SUPER LIKED THIS GAME COZ 50% LIFE STEAL HAHAHAHA!
game-hours: 1600.9
review: yes
game-hours: 4802.7
review: Addictive game, very very recommended.
game-hours: 383.0
review: Great game, If you don't mind being pummeled into the ground for the first 100 or so hours.
game-hours: 54.7
review: It's a game.
game-hours: 360.7
review: Dota 2 is a perfect MOBA game it is easy to learn but hard to master, updates are comming in regulary and everything is fine about the except it's community, players feed on purpose cause the dont get mid lane or because nobody bought a courier or because someone took their hero, the player gets reported and banned and he just makes another account and plays again! 10/10 for game 1/10 for players
game-hours: 561.5
review: Good!
game-hours: 512.7
review: Just reviewed...
game-hours: 372.9
review: I play this game on a casual basis and enjoy it. While I like LoL, I highly prefer this. I don't know what it is, but I prefer the artstyle, the heroes and he pace. I'd recommend this game and also tell you to use the guide option of the game.
game-hours: 1171.5
review: .
game-hours: 619.0
review: !
game-hours: 636.6
review: NICE GAME
game-hours: 130.2
review: Can be a bit difficult to get to learn, but if you put the time into learnnig then it is brilliant. Espacially when you have a team of friends to play with as tactics play a huge part in winning.
game-hours: 1688.9
review: hips don't lie
game-hours: 386.1
review: A good game but gets boring after a while. 6/10
game-hours: 1511.6
review: Spel.
game-hours: 1126.9
review: The best game ever
game-hours: 184.5
review: zy 6eze
game-hours: 425.4
review: Makes you a racist son of a  towards anyone who aint English! 10/10 WOULD BANG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 475.1
review: makes me
game-hours: 4603.6
review: Great Game, best MOBA ever... But im pretty sure has the worst community!
game-hours: 771.2
review: ajajaja
game-hours: 3606.9
review: Bored.
game-hours: 76.3
review: Sizin yapcanz oyunun am*** s**** ben, 3 kere ayn bug oldu oyun buglarla dolu gerekten....
game-hours: 2.6
review: I would write a full review, but I am currently dying of horrible-community poisoning
game-hours: 1783.4
review: venko
game-hours: 7.2
review: i think its fun i never actually played it
game-hours: 1810.5
review: Such game! Much rage! Very skill! Wow! -Game's aight,graphics are legit you can run it without a need of a powerful pc,Hero pool is like Wow! by the time you master all of them you'll also learn Russian if on EU and brazillian if on US and some ching chong on SEA oh and you'll hear a few bogans on Australia.In short: -Common Rage quits -Low P 4 life -Very team play -Wow -Best Russian Dictionary ever!
game-hours: 648.1
review: THIS IS HONEST RATING OF DOATBLO 2. FIRST, METAGAME IS LIKE CAT HAVE MEXICAN FOOD AND  ALL OVER YOU WHITE CARPET. SECOND, SPEAKING OF MEXICAN FOOD! THERE ARE 99.9999999999999999% OF PLAYER ARE MEXICAN FROM SOUTH AMERICA WHO WILL COME INTO NORTH AMERICA SERVER TO PLAY! THEY ARE DOG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THIRD! DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IT IS PURE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 640.9
review: This game taught me about the sheer diversity of cultures that coexist within our little corner of the universe. Then it taught me to hate them all. 10/10.
game-hours: 1276.9
review: I like coz this was a good game..everybody can learn how to teamwork
game-hours: 1129.2
review: Very hard and competitive game. Endless fun.
game-hours: 643.6
review: "huskar should be ban" "riki is unfair" "sb charge is broken" "nerf pa pls" "sniper op" "blood seeker op" "zeus ult is op" " drow" "report tidehunter feeding" "this sand king is " "u suck delete dota" "you call that gg?" 10/10 best rage
game-hours: 1230.1
review: Great game and has an awesome community
game-hours: 312.9
review: I guess it's an ok game Kappa
game-hours: 2115.8
review: This Game so Good Game thx
game-hours: 1396.5
review: Yes i do recommend this game
game-hours: 288.3
review: GGWP
game-hours: 1650.5
review: What can I say? After 1000 hours I still feel unwelcome in the obnoxious community and still get absolutely stomped, but I just cannot put this masterpiece down. Defense of the Ancients was a pioneer of the Moba genre and it's sequel remains a strong contender with the likes of Smite and League of Legends. Dota 2 offers a pool of over 100 absolutely free heroes and both a casual and competitive approach. However you choose to play the game you'll be met with an array of toxic, cussing and hateful individuals who will trash talk and rage at you for the simplest mistake. A thick skin is necessary to obtain full enjoyment out of Dota 2. Ignoring the savage community, Dota 2 has perhaps the most engaging, entertaing and satisfying gameplay ever. It feels amazing to initiate a succesful teamfight or to just win a close game. Most heroes are balanced meaning most victories are owed to the skills of the players, however a keen sense of mechanics knowledge is mandatory due to the game's reliance on different damage types and various other integral factors. Whilst it can be difficult as a new player, persistence and resilience can introduce you to many hours of fun. For the best possible experience, playing with friends will both save you from hateful people and allow you to synergise your strategies. Dota 2 is free, so you have nothing to lose from buying it except maybe your social life.
game-hours: 2354.8
review: Good game!
game-hours: 382.4
review: 1/10 cannot jump or get scorestreaks but are learn spanish, russian and korean
game-hours: 876.6
review: WE WIN, WE LOSE, WE LAUGH, WE CRY, WE F*C* THOSE  UP, WE DEFEND FOR THE TEAM, WE ATTACK THEIR F**KIN' TOWER, WE DENY OUR FREAKIN' TOWER... whatever we are, we still play DOTA 2! *don't play if you have WC, okay?
game-hours: 2822.7
review: Better play some ol' good WC3 doto.
game-hours: 1329.0
review: ,     !
game-hours: 657.0
review: Awesome Game :D
game-hours: 3.9
review: It is  trust me
game-hours: 351.0
review: I discovered that russian is an insult
game-hours: 3081.8
review: *WARNING* PLAYING TIS GAME WILL MAKE U A RACIST
game-hours: 999.2
review: Awesome!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 59.9
review: very well
game-hours: 2041.4
review: It is almost as good as Hello Kitty Online.
game-hours: 567.4
review: dont play it if you want to save your life
game-hours: 210.5
review: If you want to lose everything in your life, this game is for you!
game-hours: 2212.1
review: I've been playing dota since the first map is out . Definitely the game to play :D Although there will be players with bad attitude but let's not be part of them and make this a better place to enjoy :D
game-hours: 1780.8
review: if i had a nickle for every time a russian came on the server or when i'm threatend to get a report, i could pay for world peace -10/-69
game-hours: 164.4
review: good game [GG]
game-hours: 34.6
review: It's Dota. Ofc it's a good game.
game-hours: 1220.4
review: great game
game-hours: 1397.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 2299.4
review: awesome!
game-hours: 245.8
review: Game for top gentlemen
game-hours: 407.6
review: Dota 2 like all the other MOBA's are hard to review. Mainly because the community. The game itself is pretty smooth and really likeable, there are tons of characters right at the beginning, with plenty of builds for each one. A huge point is the in-game "build seeker" where you can apply a selected build for your character and after that point the game will suggest which skill must leveling and which item need to buy to be succes. It's a must feature have for newcomers! Wait, there is more! After all match the system will give presents to the players, however mostly these are just cosmetics for the characters, but with that you can customize the look of your favorite dude and top of that, if you don't need these items you can sell it on the market! The replay tool is also a nice touch. And now comes the dark side... No matter how good is the game, when the playmates ruins it. For me it's really hard to get a good team in pub, mainly because i play on EU-West and well... hmpf. So we have a hard time with the Ukrainians. :) It's far more better if you gather 4 of your friends and play together. Other than that, if i just compare the game itself with other MOBA's i can't anything say, this is the best. 8,5/10
game-hours: 676.0
review: This is a really fun MOBA game that keeps you satisfied, and it never gets boring, no matter what you do.
game-hours: 2779.9
review: Hardcore strategy game. I want my life back
game-hours: 63.1
review: This game is great,it just needs good teamwork with team.Lovely. A+++
game-hours: 1311.7
review: Dota2 is hard to pick up, it has quite the learning curve. Completing the tutorial will not get you ready for online play, and like any team based game you'll get a lot of negative feedback from your team mates just for being new. Don't let this discourage you! Everyone started fresh at some point, take it with a grain of salt. There are over a hundred heros to choose from. I recommend playing a few games, seeing who does well and what you like about that here, then looking for other heros to start playing with. There are great hero tutorials all over the internet, if you have your eye on someone, check out a video of a pro playing them. It'll help you understand what makes that hero great. Dota2 is a great game, and I've met some really cool people in my short time playing. Practice makes perfect, and this game is no exception.
game-hours: 879.1
review: :)
game-hours: 539.9
review: Awesome Game
game-hours: 2316.3
review: i never understood why i keep playing this game... dislike it if you disliked it, like it if you liked it... diskiked it?- still logging in and play the game hahaha.. liked it?- keep on playing the game hehehe....
game-hours: 677.0
review: >Picks chen >Spam test of faith >rage insues >reported to hell >0 k 20 d >gg wp 10/10 "It's ok"
game-hours: 249.7
review: Dota 2 is by far the hardest to learn game I have ever played. However, it is one of the most fun. If you're new to Dota, and you want to get better, you have three options: 1. Practice bot games over and over using a ton of guides and such until you can consistantly beat unfair bots no problem. 2. Play a ton of games with more experienced friends (this way is the most fun). Make sure that they're close friends, because they will teach you, but if you don't listen to them and keep dying or buying bad items or whatever, they'll hate playing with you. So listen to your teachers! 3. Play games on your own and try your best, and end up being yelled at by four different people at the same time (9 if you're lucky). But if you get through the learning phase, this game becomes amazing. It's an awesome strategic game to play with friends. You'll win some and you'll lose some, but it's free and fun, so what the heck.
game-hours: 1111.9
review: nice game <3
game-hours: 175.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 2670.8
review: I can't stop to play this game It's a good game
game-hours: 323.2
review: Best MOBA,
game-hours: 497.8
review: this game is awesome in all aspect and makes me want to play it more and more hands down to it's creators and all the persons behind this awesome game !
game-hours: 2387.9
review: brutally killed a donkey using a tree. 11/10
game-hours: 1177.4
review: :D
game-hours: 885.6
review: i love this game
game-hours: 525.9
review: doto 2 best doto
game-hours: 901.5
review: im always dominating games
game-hours: 72.1
review: AWell Done Game For Stress Release :D
game-hours: 17.9
review: ang lakas ni hans at pogi pogi nya bading na bading ako bsakanya
game-hours: 2123.6
review: Ruined my life. 10/10. I don't support so go to hell you prick.
game-hours: 2161.5
review: God never ever play this game Goodbye Social life
game-hours: 214.3
review: Ive been playing Dota 1 for 3 years and Dota 2 for one year, it hasnt bored me yet and I dont think it ever will. The near infinite possiblities and options mean the game is always fresh.
game-hours: 1949.7
review: i love this game it relived my stress.. i play this game every day , every morning i wake up , after eating .. it become part of my life and i want to learn more about this game
game-hours: 340.6
review: Mantab
game-hours: 1948.1
review: this game is my life
game-hours: 714.1
review: This Game is sick! I am one of those guys who really doesnt like RPG's/MMORPG's or MOBA's. At first, i was like bored and so on. But after you understand the basics of this game and after you play more than 30 hours, Dota 2 will get more interesting! Definetly recommending this game to people, who arent really interested in this Video Game Genre. Download it now! You wont regret it :) 8/10 I gave 8/10, because there are some community members from a certain country who can destroy you mood :(
game-hours: 468.4
review: noiseeeeeeee
game-hours: 112.0
review: A good game to play when you feel like you just want to punch somebody in the face :D
game-hours: 62.8
review: Suuka blyat idi nahui /
game-hours: 844.1
review: Dota 2 is a very good game, if you can control yourself and don`t get addicted, great game.
game-hours: 570.2
review: fgaegfsedg
game-hours: 1182.2
review: No matter what server you pick, there are always Russians.
game-hours: 900.1
review: My life is gone.
game-hours: 2022.0
review: Dota 2 is a fun game :)
game-hours: 2309.9
review: Beware of the Peruvians/Russians
game-hours: 1034.9
review: DOTA
game-hours: 1339.4
review: It's ok.... I guess
game-hours: 224.2
review: I really like this game! It has a good teamwork aspect, and the fact that there are so many different types of characters allows for everybody to have a perfect one. It's also really great that its free! I definately recomend this game, its very fun and a good thing to play if you only have an hour or so. (although if its a good match it can go on for a looong time)
game-hours: 812.2
review: Best ever free game!
game-hours: 1173.5
review: Very good game.............
game-hours: 2641.2
review: One of the most addictive games I've played, At first you rage at the game because its a very difficult game to play. But a spark flys and you absoloutly love it!. Only flaw at the time of this recommendation is that the report system is a bit...rough... but please bare in mind this is still only a beta and things will improve!! If you want a Team Based game this game if for you! Each Hero has their own strength and weaknesses, there are different roles, Carry, Support, Nuker are to name just a few of the many skill builds that you can choose on one of the heroes you may pick. I would give this 9.5/10 because of the trolls that you encounter in game, who report you for not talking russian on and English Speaking Server.
game-hours: 3853.8
review: i like this game so much ggwp
game-hours: 2486.6
review: Coool !
game-hours: 1093.8
review: best game!!!
game-hours: 2072.2
review: Played a little. Pretty nice.
game-hours: 4526.8
review: Good :D
game-hours: 2578.6
review: pay to win events lol
game-hours: 189.9
review: nice...
game-hours: 297.7
review: Dota 2 is one of those games that gets better every time I play it. Even though it's played on the same map every time, every game is still different one way or another. There are over 100 heroes to play as, which makes the game incredibly complex. I've put about 100 hours in to Dota 2, and I still have no idea what half of them do. Some focus on healing, others focus on beating the crap out of everything. It's a fun and frustrating game, but mostly fun. It has a giant learning curve, so prepare to put alot of time into this one. The game is excellent. (9/10 or 90%)
game-hours: 239.6
review: Best realtime strategic MOBA game! Endless posibilities and the only limitation is the player. 10/10
game-hours: 35.7
review: cool best game ever
game-hours: 943.3
review: Looking for fun game, good community, finite awesome items, tactical and teamwork communication, and business with the others. Try this awesome Multiplayer Online Battle Arena [MOBA]!
game-hours: 1007.5
review: yes
game-hours: 1382.5
review: Pessoalmente, o melhor Moba da atualidade. Conta com atualizaes constantes, que envolvem desde balanceamento dos heroes at mesmo simples mudanas grficas e nos menus. Apesar de considerar o sistema de Rankeamento falho, por entender ser um sistema novo, deve-se deixar passar. De qualquer forma, um excelente jogo competitivo em qualquer aspecto em que seja julgado.
game-hours: 1067.6
review: When I played this game I realized three things: 1. Edward was a vampire. 2. Jacob was an Lycan. 3.Sand King is da best. When Sand King drops the bass, the world becomes a new place. 10/10, would drop bass again. EDIT: This is the actual review: Dotes is a game of pure hatred and competition, but the occasional one game where your team snatches victory from the jaws of defeat is what keeps everyone going. Oh, and learning to play invoker and meepo, they keep us going too. Although I do really hate the lack of fun, the competition is a joy in itself.
game-hours: 253.3
review: It is a fun game if you can handle the community. Just like most MOBA games Best played with friends however
game-hours: 1524.8
review: Meh dont spend that much time
game-hours: 483.4
review: big player
game-hours: 599.2
review: This game teaches you fundamental life skills such as laziness, fear of going outside, anger, and last but not least, racism. /10 Would recommend
game-hours: 474.6
review: I like this game!
game-hours: 1993.2
review: Ok
game-hours: 1246.6
review: Game is good, community is ing terrible.
game-hours: 413.8
review: league is butter
game-hours: 1683.2
review: Best Game Ever Play
game-hours: 646.6
review: LOL
game-hours: 2265.0
review: <3
game-hours: 352.1
review: Dota can be described in two words fun and annoying. Dota is a game that not only helps you with your team work but also gets you closer to your friends as you work together to win the match. Although that might seem cool dota is also a stressful game that when you screw up everybody on the server screams at you calling you noob etc. trust me this will happen. I rate dota 2 a: 9/10 This game is a masterpiece
game-hours: 2522.9
review: This is the best game for me. Regardless of what other says. So please, let us play against bot even when we are offline, just like before. It is a great past time to train/harness our tactics and build up skills during practices.
game-hours: 675.5
review: addicted strategy game
game-hours: 109.2
review: This game is the best since its first release on the firest version of dota
game-hours: 523.7
review: Was waiting it since Dota 1 :D
game-hours: 2009.2
review: Best game ever 10/10 frogs
game-hours: 997.5
review: NYC
game-hours: 100.0
review: Hey this game is awesome
game-hours: 166.8
review: i like it
game-hours: 604.7
review: it's best game... My life
game-hours: 3.0
review: .
game-hours: 87.5
review: good game
game-hours: 72.4
review: Leuk
game-hours: 1123.2
review: best game ever, but your life will get ed
game-hours: 763.9
review: other players who keeps on saying GG in an early game and those players who's throwing and spoiling the game and think they're pro. "Put Tank in a Mall" "" "Sohai" but overall it's the best game yet.
game-hours: 465.4
review: Dota 2 is a free to play competitive MOBA game with minor micro transactions (for outfits etc.) by Valve. The game has become the most popular game on Steam and that's for a reason. The gameplay is smooth and easy to learn. The characters are all different and have a lot of variety in them and unlike in League of legends, you don't actually have to unlock all the heroes, you just simply get them all from the get-go. Dota is really easy to get a grasp on...or so it was for me. I've seen some people complain about the game being too difficult and that it has a high learning curve, but I beg to differ. It's easy if you've played games similiar to this in the past. The matches last for about 30-40 minutes on average (my longest match was about 70 minutes), which sometimes prevents me from playing the game if I don't have a lot of time in my hands. So remember to preserve some time before you start a match because disconnecting too many times will get you penalised and you won't be getting any dota points. The community can cause you a problem if you're having trouble dealing with hatred and pubertic Russian virgins (NO OFFENCE) ranting to you for stealing their kill every once and a while. If that is not the case then you should be fine. And of course, not everybody on the internet is mean...you can meet some very nice people there too and the game is at it's best when everyone works together and respects one another. The game is great for online play with friends too. I've played Dota 2 for over a 100 hours and I still try to play it at least once a day. I definitely recommend this game to everyone who's interested...why not it's free and that's all that matters, right... you dweeb. I sincerely thank Valve for giving us yet another amazing game to waste our miserable lifes and hard earned coins in. 9/10!
game-hours: 1368.9
review: excellent
game-hours: 2529.7
review: The thing I regret doing most about my life is spending my time playing this game.
game-hours: 266.1
review: jejejeje
game-hours: 1820.7
review: The BEST game for me
game-hours: 1643.1
review: I HATE THIS GAME SOMETIMES COZ ING  ALWAYS LIKE I GOT UPDATE IT AND THEN GOES TO DOWNLOAD STOPPING  THE !!!!!!!
game-hours: 466.5
review: This game is sooo addictive !
game-hours: 1905.7
review: My play time proved anythings
game-hours: 457.0
review: Make you cool
game-hours: 443.5
review: I like this game , I have much friend in this game
game-hours: 2340.8
review: Jogabilidade e grfico muito melhor que DOTA 1
game-hours: 353.3
review: Played Sniper, fed like , Team called me . Played Riki, got fed to , Enemies called me . 8/8.
game-hours: 117.7
review: IC GAME!
game-hours: 1375.0
review: Dota is better than lol and any LoL players can't deny.
game-hours: 2424.6
review: wsddsd
game-hours: 1231.8
review: ok gan
game-hours: 2816.3
review: Great game. Bad addiction.
game-hours: 1110.3
review: JOIN DOTA AND GET ADDICTED
game-hours: 2585.3
review: Russian road rage simulator without actual road. 10/10.
game-hours: 1399.9
review: add me plz
game-hours: 1354.3
review: Love This Game!
game-hours: 453.8
review: Remember if you lose its time to blame your teammates :D
game-hours: 1802.0
review: good game
game-hours: 659.4
review: My recommend for too the people of the word ! Excellent
game-hours: 495.9
review: ^^
game-hours: 337.0
review: wouldnt play. it ruins your life
game-hours: 887.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 818.8
review: i liked ... its graphics and effects of hero skill is so cool
game-hours: 1.0
review: Great
game-hours: 3256.8
review: this game will make you love your self and hate every other country in the world 10/10 would recommend its a nice place to hide your soul !
game-hours: 2223.2
review: best game ever!
game-hours: 760.7
review: like dota 2 so much
game-hours: 2484.9
review: !
game-hours: 1130.7
review: best free to play game and help you get rich
game-hours: 1169.1
review: Nice Dota 2
game-hours: 1402.3
review: Seriously addictive game this! Give it a shot!
game-hours: 225.3
review: .
game-hours: 1390.6
review: Best LoL clone
game-hours: 1171.8
review: Cool
game-hours: 454.3
review: This is one good game to work out some stress, or build it .... It's even better when you have a full team of friends :D
game-hours: 3721.2
review: HELP ME THIS GAME IS SUCKING OUT MY SOUL!!!!
game-hours: 686.6
review: its good
game-hours: 1949.6
review: Now I realize, there are 2 things that are needed by man today: 1) es 2) Dota2
game-hours: 1304.8
review: Pros: One of my favorite games of all time. Cons: One of my least favorite games of all time.
game-hours: 3.2
review: not bad.
game-hours: 928.6
review: The best MOBA game in the world :D
game-hours: 51.9
review: 10/.2104
game-hours: 796.4
review: Dota2 is the only game that is not a pay to win game.
game-hours: 1084.3
review: Dota 2 is great and is addictive! I recommended for most of the Gamers! Graphics is Great, Audio is Total Epic! And the Control is totally easy! 6/1/2015 Edit: Language Learning Simulator. I learned 2 language from it and its free :D 17/2/2015 Edit: Happy new year! And also, Religion learning simulator. Learned about Philippines/Russian history. 11/11 would be learning about other religion again!
game-hours: 412.8
review: hhhh
game-hours: 5508.5
review: learn how to be as a team, help each others,
game-hours: 342.4
review: Good game for everyone
game-hours: 1945.0
review: Best game eu, ban russia plz
game-hours: 2220.8
review: A good game to play on a day you dont have much to do. Good graphics and the improvements from previous versions is becoming better.
game-hours: 1720.7
review: Ruined my eyesight. 11/10 would play again. :)
game-hours: 811.1
review: LOVE IT
game-hours: 856.8
review: Greatest game of the century :)
game-hours: 23.3
review: I Give 10 Star for this game than other MOBA games
game-hours: 2371.4
review: Nice
game-hours: 401.6
review: One of the best multiplayer games I've played in a long time. DOTA 2 is set up in a way that encourages both epic cooperation and friendly competition. With over 80 heroes to choose from, there's a playstyle for everyone. I would have gladly paid over $30 for a game like this, but probably the awesomest part is that its totally free, and, technically, with dedication, one could unlock every single item in the game without having to pay a penny. Probably the best free-to-play model I've seen so far in a game. If you're looking for an awesome, strategic, epic, free game to play with friends, pick up DOTA 2. You won't regret it.
game-hours: 2288.3
review: Addicted since 6.38
game-hours: 360.7
review: Super cool!
game-hours: 249.3
review: i like this game so much
game-hours: 3122.3
review: Epic game is epic
game-hours: 1226.6
review: it's amaizing
game-hours: 0.1
review: Hard at first but after few games really fun and adicting. Worth a try.
game-hours: 0.9
review: LoL is better
game-hours: 25.5
review: This game requires Team work! Well, We have a russian on our team. GG *Leaves*
game-hours: 2656.4
review: camon men wutifaq why no network meen??
game-hours: 150.0
review: Better than League of Legends!
game-hours: 921.3
review: Its Better Than Lol
game-hours: 1053.8
review: If you want to loose your social life, play this game.
game-hours: 1820.7
review: Dota or bust
game-hours: 950.7
review: I used to have life, and then i started playing Dota2 Save yourself!
game-hours: 1896.9
review: i recommend this game for does want strategy game and teamplay
game-hours: 254.1
review: Balanced heroes Balanced abilities Good strategy requiered!
game-hours: 639.8
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 2519.7
review: This game is so amazing, i love this so much
game-hours: 1383.0
review: Dota has 1200 hours, Life has 1100. Which is better? You tell me.
game-hours: 196.8
review: this is the best game
game-hours: 681.3
review: So Good!!!
game-hours: 1823.3
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 3035.6
review: this is the best game :D but i hate SCAMMER ..until now STEAM CANT TAKE ACTION ABOUT MY ITEM HAVE BEEN STOLEN BY MIDDLEMAN !! RIP FOR MY ITEM !
game-hours: 585.9
review: no other games can match dota 2
game-hours: 401.0
review: Best MOBA game
game-hours: 45.8
review: Yeah!
game-hours: 1759.7
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1510.3
review: Nice game!! i love it!!
game-hours: 16.4
review: Got called a  and was told to eat  and die. 10/10 will play again
game-hours: 765.5
review: I think items here are to Over priced
game-hours: 29.1
review: Best Free to Play game ever
game-hours: 528.1
review: Can any1 recommend me a hot key for invoker like dota 1.....
game-hours: 738.2
review: tis game is totaly awsome remember to play
game-hours: 1017.3
review: ah this game is nice esp the clash and the teamwork but i hate it when i do my best but someone is feeding just because they have a fight with other players. :(
game-hours: 2258.0
review: A Fun game to play
game-hours: 1777.1
review: AMAZING
game-hours: 360.5
review: THIS IS ING AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 293.1
review: This is the best version of Dota!
game-hours: 679.3
review: Awsome online game.Had a grat potensial which had been recognised and put forth in INTERNATIONALS . I truely love this game :D
game-hours: 2523.7
review: k
game-hours: 20.5
review: sick game
game-hours: 1239.8
review: ....
game-hours: 1001.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 686.3
review: yeah.. i really injoyed playing this game.. ilike the graphics work..nice..
game-hours: 734.3
review: I like dota 2 very much. this game is awesome.
game-hours: 99.6
review: Play and be amaze to the world of excitement
game-hours: 678.1
review: 10/10 should pay bezz gem evur
game-hours: 1216.1
review: Learn to hate Russians simulator.
game-hours: 876.4
review: nice
game-hours: 2072.3
review: good game
game-hours: 622.0
review: Good
game-hours: 1407.3
review: really nice game , keep it up :D
game-hours: 785.8
review: this game made me racist-nazi lover who hates russians and any other person who uses moonrunes for communication. i hope our savior adolf will resurrect and facerape them or simply just cut their internet connections :3. i saw a pudge who stayed in mid lane for all game, a furion who didn't use minions for push, a bloodseeker who bought black king bar and didn't use it and all of these people are russians. i think putin uses them for make next generation neurotic. #YAY #RACISM #NAZI #HATE #THANKSOBAMA #
game-hours: 938.6
review: amazing game if you like team work and dislike leveling up like in world of warcraft you would like this game i played LOL, and dota hands down much better it is so addective P.S: before jumping to normal matchs it is advised to train with bots
game-hours: 529.6
review: !!
game-hours: 1651.6
review: Sin duda alguna, uno de los videojuegos ms emblemticos del siglo XXI. As como lo fueron otros grandes ttulos revolucionarios de los 80's y 90's, Dota 2 eleva un poco ms la valla de lo que se refiere a jugabilidad y estrategia, Adems de esto, se avisora un escenario prometedor de los e-sports a nivel mundial, en los cuales Dota ya tiene un sitial bien ganado. Solo queda aplaudir, esperar ms actualizaciones y mejoras y contribuir con el feedback correspondiente de toda la legin de usuarios.
game-hours: 505.4
review: only played a bit but it seems good. i have also learned many new languages e.g. russian, angry russian,  russian etc its a great place to go after playing LoL(the well know dota training ground) and i have also learned how to have no life...... btw the cm arcana is sick!!!
game-hours: 1088.2
review: If you enjoy losing your humanity, Dealing with languages you can't pronounce, And to be filled with anger at the incompotence of people. Play this.
game-hours: 1098.1
review: Addicted to this Game Since 2000 and Still Can't Stop Playing.
game-hours: 118.3
review: Hard Killing
game-hours: 456.0
review: Great game, get it.
game-hours: 349.1
review: good
game-hours: 1961.9
review: Free to play, great game you have no excuse to not try this out :)
game-hours: 436.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 1447.6
review: BEST MOBA ever
game-hours: 8.2
review: Ok so there I was with my pants at my ankles at least half of my school laughing at the size of my . Not much else to do but middle finger the air and walk off with nothin but my  to show them as I walked in the sunset. Since my life was over I thought eh lets see what games I can play. Things happened and I found Dota2 made my  feel larger. So i've been in my room playing this ever since. 10/10
game-hours: 456.6
review: click on enemy kill enemy get money 10/10 GOTY
game-hours: 961.0
review: This Witch Doctor won't get out of mid lane and is just yelling at me in spanish. 10/10
game-hours: 18.4
review: PLAY THIS. This game is really addicting when you master it. I use to play the original Dota on Warcraft 3, so I'm kinda good at the game. It can take a while to learn how to play, but is ultimately fun. I find it hard to find games but that's ok. I give this game a 9/10!
game-hours: 4.2
review: They say 2 is better than 101 I say Dota 2 is better than LoL
game-hours: 464.0
review: yeah (y)
game-hours: 365.0
review: Dota is more than a game. Dota is not like any other MOBA. Dota is not a distraction. It is life. It will become your lifestyle. And it WILL consume you. Thoroughly entertaining, frustrating, maddening, life-consuming. Tried to quit DotA 2 many, many times. I always keep crawling back. There's no escape from the trench. You just have to accept and become the trench.
game-hours: 1893.4
review: da best la bro
game-hours: 219.1
review: Very Good Game
game-hours: 469.0
review: good
game-hours: 228.4
review: best game....
game-hours: 1079.7
review: very challenging game, don't reccomend unless you really want to get into it, which i defidently have!
game-hours: 532.8
review: :D Awesome Game ~
game-hours: 271.8
review: aa
game-hours: 1278.4
review: dota 2 make me feel free
game-hours: 480.5
review: GG
game-hours: 1974.8
review: Hat simulator 2013
game-hours: 1441.7
review: I like Dota 2
game-hours: 325.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 690.2
review: This is a very nice game, fun to play. Better with friend's of course, like all multiplayer games are. Recomend everyone to play it. But be sure to practice before playing it.
game-hours: 1032.8
review: lol
game-hours: 3352.0
review: the best game ever
game-hours: 241.4
review: When I was updating Dota 2, my PC was forcely shut down due to technical problems. And when I opened my steam after technical problems were solved, my Dota 2 was uninstalled and it wasn't a problem to me cause I was in a good mood and had a long patience. So I re-installed Dota 2, and whenever I pause the download in order to shutdown my PC for some work to do, I thought that the amount of data installed (ex.2.5gb) would remain but after I turned on my PC and checked resumed the download of my Dota 2. The amount of data installed went down to MB and I was frustated to this, and my point is that is there a problem in the steam and I want to know why my Dota 2 was uninstalled without doing it manually (EX. Through Control Panel, etc.)
game-hours: 384.9
review: damn good this gameeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
game-hours: 810.7
review: asdkashdhaskjdhashdkasdas
game-hours: 290.6
review: NICE GAME :3
game-hours: 1940.9
review: PARFEKT
game-hours: 676.9
review: Now lots of people can jab at dotas fundamental flaw, you all know this one... the wonderfull communty. And i understand your pain of being relentlessly insulted for your noob actions but let us all remember this game is a team game and of coarse the weakest link can break the strength of the unit. This game is at its core very addictive, fun, and a game to feel the power of challenges to overcome and be rewarded by, yes it is a difficult rage infused game but it is by far the best moba and one of the best online pc games out there. I looked at it at first because all my friends spoke about it and i just frowned when i saw the gameplay pics, but here i am with quite a few hours (not 3000 but for me a lot). People will always be frisky when thinking if they should download this game because it doesnt take your money but your time to download.It is highly rewarding and highly punishing the way games should be for mature competitive players.
game-hours: 676.9
review: Now lots of people can jab at dotas fundamental flaw, you all know this one... the wonderfull communty. And i understand your pain of being relentlessly insulted for your noob actions but let us all remember this game is a team game and of coarse the weakest link can break the strength of the unit. This game is at its core very addictive, fun, and a game to feel the power of challenges to overcome and be rewarded by, yes it is a difficult rage infused game but it is by far the best moba and one of the best online pc games out there. I looked at it at first because all my friends spoke about it and i just frowned when i saw the gameplay pics, but here i am with quite a few hours (not 3000 but for me a lot). People will always be frisky when thinking if they should download this game because it doesnt take your money but your time to download.It is highly rewarding and highly punishing the way games should be for mature competitive players.
game-hours: 678.2
review: Play this and get rekt
game-hours: 29.1
review: good game bro !!!
game-hours: 810.4
review: game is good
game-hours: 66.7
review: Dota 2 is a great tactical and even a third person video and online game. Also, you may win prizes when you join the tournament. Also, you'll get random items to sell or even trade which looks similar to Team Fortress 2.
game-hours: 2482.8
review: good game
game-hours: 1393.8
review: ----
game-hours: 191.1
review: ;)
game-hours: 22.1
review: "This ugly son of a  is making thousands of pennies selling digital items online, and basically, you're ing ." -9/10, actually earned 3.27$ by playing. the game is pretty good, i guess.
game-hours: 1490.9
review: really good game, everyone shoyld try it.
game-hours: 552.2
review: Game is the best
game-hours: 1806.6
review: I hate peruvians. But I love Dota 2.
game-hours: 1918.4
review: nice
game-hours: 2289.9
review: i just want to break the other player on my teams fingers so they can never play this game again. seriously no game will make you rage harder or scream at cs for feeding the other team. do not play with your friends because you will hate them afterwards because of how stupid they really are. the game is fun though thats the thing. theres nothing like beating the opposing team when your team hasnt gone full .
game-hours: 878.1
review: This game is indeed a game. I went through many scientific studies to prove this. Is it fun? Probably not. I'm scared of playing it, frankly. 10/10
game-hours: 1333.6
review: Not easy to learn for beginners, not easy to become a good player, but overall very enjoyable and sucks people in easily. A definite recommend.
game-hours: 138.6
review: the best in the world :))
game-hours: 437.7
review: Dota 2 is a competitive game. The community is toxic, and the community mutates you into the same form of toxic they are. There are people with so much more gameplay time than me, and so much more skill than me. I am constantly reminded of this whenever I play with my friends, in which everyone seems better than me. Yet it doesn't stop me, and it makes every kill, every triumph and every rare so much more satisfying and exciting to earn than if I played on my own against people of my own ability. I can't recommend or not recommend the game, but for the sakes of uploading I'll recommend the game. If you have doubts about playing Dota 2, put them aside and give the game ago. Rally the bangouts if you know any and try to learn the game. It may take forever, or it may take you a few months, everyone experiences Dota slightly differently. Regardless of how you experience Dota 2, remember that if you don't like it, you have many other PC games to play instead of it. Just remember to play Dota 2 at least once or twice. It is free, what do you have to lose by trying and hating it? Overall: <Enter your score here> In short: A massive learning curve separates you from a game that has destroyed careers, academic lives and social lives, while giving a small number of people multi-million dollar careers. If it can do this, it must have something good in it.
game-hours: 3486.7
review: I have been playing DOTA for almost 10 yrs if not more. I am glad and happy to see how it evolved.
game-hours: 421.3
review: The Best Game MOBA in The World
game-hours: 3249.0
review: Stop reading and go to play
game-hours: 232.5
review: Good Game
game-hours: 245.6
review: uye
game-hours: 984.3
review: So true: Every great carry, there's a great support.
game-hours: 1403.8
review: i liek dis gaem
game-hours: 484.3
review: LOL
game-hours: 734.6
review: sweet game
game-hours: 994.4
review: Favorite game
game-hours: 1414.3
review: Meh
game-hours: 778.1
review: ,
game-hours: 239.2
review: Very nice game.. love it ALOT!
game-hours: 1301.6
review: I like this game because it can helps me for thinking more deeply and thorough
game-hours: 607.2
review: WTF
game-hours: 371.9
review: THE BEST GAME
game-hours: 92.2
review: Great Game !
game-hours: 2508.3
review: bukak usojaf juta kiua kigua kkirahs huta nuya tyera loua kuan knajut
game-hours: 515.3
review: ok
game-hours: 601.7
review: Cool timekiller
game-hours: 315.6
review: be warned! EXTREMELY ADDICTIVE GAME :)
game-hours: 494.9
review: A Very Good game :)
game-hours: 766.6
review: 7.8/10 too many pinoys in SEA servers learnt a lot of new vocabulary thanks to this game
game-hours: 816.5
review: An amazingly deep game. Community has the average number of s and such, but there are a lot of people who are passionate and happy to explain what to do next. This isn't a recommendation to check the game out, everyone should know "about" Dota by now, but this is a recommendation to get past the first wall that scares many players away.
game-hours: 347.5
review: Nice Games
game-hours: 2418.8
review: It really enjoyable game! keep it up!
game-hours: 1928.5
review: Its only a game, why does everyone heff 2 b mad?
game-hours: 2177.2
review: You can't say this MOBA make you headshake!
game-hours: 214.7
review: super
game-hours: 298.2
review: a very nice game
game-hours: 1064.8
review: good game
game-hours: 1034.2
review: wp
game-hours: 3570.2
review: yes
game-hours: 0.6
review: really good game you can also change the prospective witch is pretty cool
game-hours: 2080.2
review: my best game ever
game-hours: 885.5
review: 10/10 S'pretty bad
game-hours: 2367.1
review: Significantly better than all the imitators.
game-hours: 922.7
review: BEST GAME SOOOO ADICTIVE!!!!!!!!!! XD
game-hours: 991.0
review: :)
game-hours: 1570.4
review: 11/10 Would bang.
game-hours: 1372.8
review: seaver donw
game-hours: 2136.6
review: This game ruining my life
game-hours: 4504.3
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 853.3
review: A game that will only take a "Little" of your time
game-hours: 985.5
review: this game is awsome.... :D
game-hours: 2466.5
review: Awesome Game :)
game-hours: 517.7
review: Good Game
game-hours: 1448.0
review: kill men + win gg
game-hours: 1134.4
review: The game most i played of the day
game-hours: 6514.0
review: Meaning of life is not there, purely to get distracted and not more.
game-hours: 1407.2
review: GG Dota 2
game-hours: 750.2
review: Russian Screaming Simulator 2015
game-hours: 388.8
review: Yes
game-hours: 475.9
review: Best MMORPG
game-hours: 267.9
review: Like
game-hours: 1509.3
review: <3
game-hours: 2821.6
review: The best game in the World
game-hours: 1128.1
review: Fun at first, but gets very boring after playing for a while.
game-hours: 1257.8
review: DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME your life will be ruined
game-hours: 199.6
review: Dota 2 is a game that is horrific at first but gradually gets better more you play. The main thing that makes Dota 2 a good game is the equality of classes. There are around 30 different people that you can choose to be before starting a game and most of them are as good a choice of being the other as they will all have posotives and negatives attatched to each class. Some classes are better at the start of the game and some at the end. The ones better at the start of the game are called supports and the ones at the end are called carries. There are 3 categories that classes are placed in: agility, intelligence and stamina. Each game lasts approxtimately 30 to 50 mins but occasionally over/under. There are 2 teams of 5 (named Radiant and Dire)and as the game progresses, characters are leveled up by killing al controlled creeps or other heroes or neutrals or runes. I wont explain what any of these are as this is a review not an explanation. There are 2 major problems with Dota 2 and they are firstly there is only one map. The map has been designed to be even and fair but it can get boring after a while. If you leave a match or get reported a certain amount of times then you will get put into low priority meaning that you can only play with other people that leave the match until you get rid of your 'abandons.' This punishment is beneficial for players that constantly play it as it can get annoying if you lose a match because someone quit however for people that have to go when they have to go it can be unfair because they get penalised a lot and after all it is only a game and it isn't really fair to penalise someone when they are meant to be haing fun. Anyway, the second thing that so many people CANT STAND is the wait. The most I have waited for a match is 20 mins and at the least it takes around 7 mins to find a game and this is all down to slow running servers. You will have to wait around 1 min to join a game on Advanced Warfare PS4 eddition to put this in contrast. This wasted time does build up and you may eventualy find yourself thinking what's the point. Having said this, there are only 2 or 3 (depending whether you are a sweat or not) main negatives for this game and so many other games have so much more faults. I hope you found this useful. Please comment and bye. TCM
game-hours: 277.5
review: best game in ever<33
game-hours: 347.4
review: Lifetime of a generic Dota 2 player: 1. Pick a current meta hero 2. Get good with the current meta hero 3. Get 5k MMR 4. Valve releases a patch that nerfs the current meta hero 5. You start complaining about the nerf 6. You get to 1k MMR 7. You are researching a new meta 8. Get back to 1. 0/10 - Volvo plz nerf
game-hours: 463.8
review: Took me 5 minutes to learn how to move. Then tried to buy items. Ran into tower, died. Team called me a noob and told me to kill myself. Killed myself. Team disconnected. Went into new game. Died again. Repeated for a few hundred hours. Now I don't die first sometimes. 10/10
game-hours: 417.2
review: .
game-hours: 1772.3
review: this is one of the best games i have ever played it's perfectly ballanced and really gives me a new mood every game
game-hours: 224.2
review: I really like this game! It has a good teamwork aspect, and the fact that there are so many different types of characters allows for everybody to have a perfect one. It's also really great that its free! I definately recomend this game, its very fun and a good thing to play if you only have an hour or so. (although if its a good match it can go on for a looong time)
game-hours: 812.2
review: Best ever free game!
game-hours: 1173.5
review: Very good game.............
game-hours: 2641.2
review: One of the most addictive games I've played, At first you rage at the game because its a very difficult game to play. But a spark flys and you absoloutly love it!. Only flaw at the time of this recommendation is that the report system is a bit...rough... but please bare in mind this is still only a beta and things will improve!! If you want a Team Based game this game if for you! Each Hero has their own strength and weaknesses, there are different roles, Carry, Support, Nuker are to name just a few of the many skill builds that you can choose on one of the heroes you may pick. I would give this 9.5/10 because of the trolls that you encounter in game, who report you for not talking russian on and English Speaking Server.
game-hours: 3853.8
review: i like this game so much ggwp
game-hours: 2486.6
review: Coool !
game-hours: 1093.8
review: best game!!!
game-hours: 2072.2
review: Played a little. Pretty nice.
game-hours: 4526.8
review: Good :D
game-hours: 2578.6
review: pay to win events lol
game-hours: 1873.4
review: sADASD
game-hours: 1919.8
review: Gf hates me now. 10/10
game-hours: 2378.3
review: good game
game-hours: 675.0
review: nice game ever i like this gamE!
game-hours: 628.8
review: SAD NU!!
game-hours: 941.7
review: Good Job!
game-hours: 1097.5
review: yeah bebe yeah
game-hours: 3749.9
review: This game is quite fun , but it has way too many communication issues. Many players would not even allow you to like the game at the start due to flaming. however if you do survive you will get a whole new word open for you ahead.
game-hours: 514.8
review: goood
game-hours: 1555.4
review: ok
game-hours: 1660.1
review: Nice Game !!!
game-hours: 323.8
review: play play play
game-hours: 783.8
review: Great game!
game-hours: 3327.3
review: Worst game i have ever played . kappa
game-hours: 5.6
review: kakaha
game-hours: 730.0
review: this is ing awesome game,  yeah!
game-hours: 476.0
review: Run...it sucks all willpower to do other things........
game-hours: 997.4
review: I LIKED IT SOO GOOD GAME!
game-hours: 271.1
review: Competitive!
game-hours: 1343.4
review: jos
game-hours: 880.6
review: i like this <3
game-hours: 1276.3
review: the best of game
game-hours: 2219.6
review: GGWP !
game-hours: 759.8
review: GGWP
game-hours: 271.7
review: Good MOBA,Make you fun to play this game everytime BEST
game-hours: 94.0
review: <3
game-hours: 344.7
review: ggwp
game-hours: 541.5
review: strategy game. mind game
game-hours: 1608.8
review: SCRUB SIMULATOR 2015
game-hours: 4305.4
review: this game has only one fault - russians
game-hours: 87.5
review: good game
game-hours: 72.4
review: Leuk
game-hours: 1123.2
review: best game ever, but your life will get ed
game-hours: 763.9
review: other players who keeps on saying GG in an early game and those players who's throwing and spoiling the game and think they're pro. "Put Tank in a Mall" "" "Sohai" but overall it's the best game yet.
game-hours: 465.4
review: Dota 2 is a free to play competitive MOBA game with minor micro transactions (for outfits etc.) by Valve. The game has become the most popular game on Steam and that's for a reason. The gameplay is smooth and easy to learn. The characters are all different and have a lot of variety in them and unlike in League of legends, you don't actually have to unlock all the heroes, you just simply get them all from the get-go. Dota is really easy to get a grasp on...or so it was for me. I've seen some people complain about the game being too difficult and that it has a high learning curve, but I beg to differ. It's easy if you've played games similiar to this in the past. The matches last for about 30-40 minutes on average (my longest match was about 70 minutes), which sometimes prevents me from playing the game if I don't have a lot of time in my hands. So remember to preserve some time before you start a match because disconnecting too many times will get you penalised and you won't be getting any dota points. The community can cause you a problem if you're having trouble dealing with hatred and pubertic Russian virgins (NO OFFENCE) ranting to you for stealing their kill every once and a while. If that is not the case then you should be fine. And of course, not everybody on the internet is mean...you can meet some very nice people there too and the game is at it's best when everyone works together and respects one another. The game is great for online play with friends too. I've played Dota 2 for over a 100 hours and I still try to play it at least once a day. I definitely recommend this game to everyone who's interested...why not it's free and that's all that matters, right... you dweeb. I sincerely thank Valve for giving us yet another amazing game to waste our miserable lifes and hard earned coins in. 9/10!
game-hours: 1369.4
review: excellent
game-hours: 2529.7
review: The thing I regret doing most about my life is spending my time playing this game.
game-hours: 266.1
review: jejejeje
game-hours: 1820.7
review: The BEST game for me
game-hours: 1643.1
review: I HATE THIS GAME SOMETIMES COZ ING  ALWAYS LIKE I GOT UPDATE IT AND THEN GOES TO DOWNLOAD STOPPING  THE !!!!!!!
game-hours: 923.5
review: Completely destroy my life and my relationship, Good Game.
game-hours: 780.4
review: Nice game , Well played valve .
game-hours: 4735.1
review: Best game ever played
game-hours: 761.1
review: nice and i m not stop playing ever :D
game-hours: 881.1
review: Top Game ;)
game-hours: 6168.9
review: If you wanna spend your life for nothing, then keep going to play this game.
game-hours: 902.4
review: Best game ever 10/10
game-hours: 1099.4
review: no drops = no likes update: can't sell drops = no likes update2: runked is filled with PA and Riki,  these heros, really boring to see them every match
game-hours: 1032.5
review: Sweet game. I used to play League of Legends, and from time to time, DotA 2. now its the opposite. i Play DotA 2 everyday, and i love it... Buuut, sometimes the community can be a little fustrating, but otherwise, try this game. BTW!!! ITS F2P!!!!
game-hours: 1584.6
review: Worlds best moba game
game-hours: 355.6
review: MOBA terrbaik menurut saya, bisa bermain dengan banyak orang didunia, melihat turnamen secara langsung, buat saya good job lah , DOTA 2, rise a lightning
game-hours: 34.0
review: Personally i like this game but not as much as people love it idk why. So for this game im saying 7/10 why? Because it has 1 map 1 gamemode. Lets take a game prehaps League of Legends(LOL).Dota 2 differs from LOL idk why but it does its just a game thats gonna make you love it or hate it but from the ratings evrybody loves it. I dont know what to say more of this game(TRY IT OUT!)
game-hours: 34.4
review: A true masterpiece of a game. Its a game of skill, patience and above all teamwork. People should give this game a go, because its not very often games like this come along. A real gem.
game-hours: 2671.5
review: Best game ever 10/10 Russians everywhere
game-hours: 575.5
review: ^^
game-hours: 1565.8
review: ,  ...
game-hours: 3059.5
review: 10/10 russian language simulator
game-hours: 360.0
review: Nice game!
game-hours: 2628.6
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1017.1
review: tu tu ru~
game-hours: 955.5
review: Ruined my entire social life, all my chances to get a girlfriend and my self esteem. Love this game! ps: Now i hate russians and everyone who speaks spanish.
game-hours: 2516.5
review: Nothing much to say...The best ARTS game!
game-hours: 2.9
review: I only made this review for the achievement :/
game-hours: 1357.9
review: best game ever
game-hours: 103.4
review: +
game-hours: 2154.3
review: good game
game-hours: 1776.0
review: RUSSIAN LANGUAGE SIMULATOR 10/10 WOULD LEARN RUSSIAN.
game-hours: 1550.3
review: , !!11!
game-hours: 1281.9
review: nc
game-hours: 1.6
review: Try hard league of legends. Great attention to detail tho
game-hours: 731.6
review: Don't play if you're a solo player. You can only win if you're in a party or playing alongside with your friends in one place. Otherwise, look for other MOBA games out there coz there's plenty. Again, matchmaking here is a complete joke. And the items even on the market are ridiculously high. I mean, take a look at Mortred's Hel's guide, for sale at a in $280?! I mean,  man. I know it is rare  and all that crap but it is still a pixel just in front of your screen. It won't make you any good playing Mortred if you don't know how to play her. Playing skills are more important than that . You can have that piece of weapon but if you're gonna play like a lame Mortred, what gives? At the end of the day, it is still a piece of pixel in front of your screen. Don't let this stupid crap game ruin your money's worth. Buy it on Steam sale instead. My advice, play Heroes of the Storm. You won't go back.
game-hours: 1330.5
review: The best game ever for multiplayer and strategy so play this game and dont ask me why because why the hell no?
game-hours: 418.1
review: this is a nce game
game-hours: 2.9
review: .             .
game-hours: 339.1
review: amazing game, give it a try.although its not good if playing with poor internet connection
game-hours: 1685.5
review: good game :)
game-hours: 1119.9
review: Good Game
game-hours: 737.9
review: Nc
game-hours: 442.1
review: this is the best game ever played in entire live
game-hours: 1273.5
review: Good Game. Well Play
game-hours: 1183.7
review: i LOVE this game!
game-hours: 1022.7
review: This game has many features which i would like to describe. 1. This game has a Potential that makes you to finish your exam before 30 mins. 2. This game can stop you from sleeping at the time when you cant even open your eyes. 3. This is the game that supports you most when you suffer from Communicable Diseases(chicken pox). 4. This game can help you to drop down your attendance in your classes. 5. The best and The worst TIME KILLER. 6. It will make you its addict and you will steal time from your 24 hour to play this game. 7. Still you will tell your friends that "I just play dota for fun". 8. Then you will be judged on the basis of Hours you played dota in the previous week. 9. and thats not it .... play yourself to find out more!
game-hours: 853.6
review: after playing dota i am afraid of all and any Br perubians and myself... 10/10
game-hours: 398.9
review: This such a good game for play, i like it
game-hours: 475.0
review: nice
game-hours: 876.9
review: It's Realy GooD GaMe
game-hours: 404.1
review: Best Game in Steam
game-hours: 651.6
review: This game is awesome!
game-hours: 1385.7
review: nice
game-hours: 926.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 889.0
review: Makes you racist, teaches you new languages and how to communicate with idiots. Couldn't wish a better game for preparing me for the real life.
game-hours: 193.2
review: good game!!
game-hours: 1597.0
review: What do you mean i can't wear 2 shoe at the same time? 11/10 would play again.
game-hours: 324.1
review: Simple but good game
game-hours: 29.4
review: GGWP
game-hours: 5683.2
review: Only played a little, but it was pretty fun
game-hours: 513.3
review: I love this game
game-hours: 397.2
review: test
game-hours: 166.1
review: good
game-hours: 1486.5
review: so addicted to play this game!!!
game-hours: 1055.0
review: <3 DOta 2
game-hours: 1124.6
review: How many russians can fit into a single game is the real question here
game-hours: 3966.6
review: Cuka Simulator
game-hours: 1811.1
review: Best game you'll ever download.
game-hours: 1690.8
review: Incredibly thinked through new world strategy game. Love it
game-hours: 396.3
review: Best game, featuring the amazing russian DOTA child prodigies.
game-hours: 1499.1
review: Best Russian Simulator up to date.
game-hours: 0.6
review: its an ok game
game-hours: 375.9
review: i like this game and i want freee items pleaseeeeeeeeeeee
game-hours: 1495.4
review: After 1,000 in this game i regret nothing 10/10
game-hours: 2061.0
review: nice
game-hours: 1638.7
review: no comment ^_^
game-hours: 165.6
review: awesome game
game-hours: 200.5
review: I like the conbat much better then league
game-hours: 255.7
review: best game of the world ........ : )
game-hours: 2889.5
review: Ruined my life! 10/10
game-hours: 68.2
review: play this game is cool for all gamers with any gender
game-hours: 855.4
review: nice game i love it !
game-hours: 1121.7
review: One of best game in the world for centuries
game-hours: 804.7
review: 100% steal your lifetime
game-hours: 1695.7
review: If you have free 50+ hours per week, you are welcome.
game-hours: 235.9
review: Russia is everywhere,Russia is watching you 10/10
game-hours: 3054.3
review: Well, it seems that i will write this review very carefully becouse, well, i have around 2400 hours on this game. Lets get back to the times when internet cafe's where ruled by Warcraft 3 and CS 1.6 tournaments. These were mostly known games, though when times went by, popularity of Warcraft went down horribly. Then, the light of hope was given to people, the most known mod for Warcraft 3 was released (map, whatever) - Dota Allstars. Becouse of this map/mod, people started to play Warcraft again (even now, there isnt that small of a fanbase that prefers that map more than dota 2 itself). But still, dota 2 is currently the most played game in steam So what is MOBA? This is an RPG-like genre, with the mix of MMORPG and Fighting games, where you use skills to defeat enemy characters on your map. The most common example (and the most hated here) is League of Legends, Heroes of Newerth and Smite (and the upcoming Heroes of the Storm). Basically, you choose your character from the pool (depending on a gamemode). And you must get gold and experience to overthrow enemies. Thats about it. But this game is still alot harder than it seems. Even me, with 2400 hours of gameplay, have lots to learn here. This means this game has an endless learning curve. Adapting, comboing are an example of how endless the possibilites are present in this game. When you start this game for the first time, you will get flamed, blamed and all that , becouse, well, you dont know anything here, so i have an advice to pass the tutorials first then play alot of matches with bots. Lets get back to the game. There is more than 110 heroes (dont call them champions pls), with unique abillities and play style. These heroes have different roles, dependant on the presence in the game, where the hero shines the most, in the beginning of the game, mid-game, or late-game. The game is basically 5 versus 5, the team that gets to destroy the opposing ancient, wins. And thats it, well, tutorials will teach you the rest for beginning. I love how heroes are unique, that you need to counter certain ones, dont let them farm or gank them (damnit, i swore that i wont use unknown words in this review). Even if you play mostly on the same map, you still feel how the game is different every time. So this game is good in any sort of way. Even the items from the store look great on heroes. Well then, bla bla bla... game is great... bla bla bla... BUT... there is one big major problem here... !! I guess most of you know what it means. Russians. Every. Damn. Game. They cant communicate, they blame you and feed (die too much times to enemies). They play on every  server. You see a russian nickname? Then you are like 95 procent doomed. This is the worst problem in the game so far. This will annoy you, this will make you rage, this game will trully make you unstable, becouse of these people. But well, i dont care, i know i will still play this game. Overall... They say drugs are addictive, well, then they didnt play dota 2. This game is great, great, great, every aspect is great, though... Community, especially russians. Damnit... Pros: + Addictive as hell + Endless possibilites + Game is known becouse of the E-Sports. + Most unique heroes in MOBA genre. Cons: - ... - Lousy voice acting (Warlock, Antimage - no difference) - Slow updates, that contain mostly hats (economy items) - Slardar/Zeus/Viper models (friggin' ugly) - Worst trading community i have ever seen ( so much high balling) Final Verdict: 8.5  blyad idi na hui out of 10
game-hours: 785.2
review: Really a great game. A very good game to people with great competitive spirit.
game-hours: 1139.7
review: I like this game there is no other game
game-hours: 1158.4
review: What Da Hek! This is A Game!? If it is ! Its the Best Game EVER! :D
game-hours: 3086.6
review: best game ever
game-hours: 4211.5
review: um dia eu joguei dota dai minha fezes fico preta!! oq q eu fao?? o support nao me responde !!
game-hours: 1630.8
review: How to rage: 1. Install Dota 2. Find match 3. Pick carry 4. Try to farm 5. Tell support to pull 6. Smash your headphone to your keyboard because of  bliad mamky ebal WELCOME TO DOTA
game-hours: 2241.4
review: This game should replace the UN. All races play together in relative peace
game-hours: 7.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 2379.6
review: im loving it
game-hours: 1004.7
review: epic game
game-hours: 537.1
review: Everyone should forget the words Carry / Support / ganker is all useless, if you want to be useful, to win the game, you have to play at all heroes, instead of crying like a baby when you have to play the carry
game-hours: 117.1
review: awsome MOBA game with nice graphic
game-hours: 1896.0
review: very good.
game-hours: 741.8
review: My review of DoTa 2 after 500 games short and simple would have to be this is a great team based, fast paced, action packed waste of 30-60 minutes of your life. GL HF GG WP FF Seriously though, great game espceically when you have a good team around you.
game-hours: 833.5
review: best game ever! jk
game-hours: 170.0
review: Fun
game-hours: 8.8
review: This is the worst "Game" i have ever played, i went to do the ing hour long tutorial missions just for the game to crash and have to start them all again, the Trading Cards wont drop unless you spend at least $9 on this, I wouldn't even spend $1
game-hours: 1969.6
review: Cold, harsh, unforgiving, abusive, and immensely rewarding. These are a few of the words you could use to describe DOTA 2's community and gameplay. Don't come in expecting to be coddled by the veterans of this MOBA. It's Trial by Fire, sink or swim, live or die, but what the game lacks in a compassionate backing it more than makes up for in the satisfaction of utterly outplaying the opposing team or coming together at the end to pull off an underdog victory!
game-hours: 3644.0
review: nice
game-hours: 512.6
review: I LIKE DOTA2
game-hours: 261.9
review: the worst game i have ever played but i cant stop playing
game-hours: 315.1
review: 1st Hour: I have lost all calm 3rd Hour: This ing game is so irritating 6th Hour: Stockholm Syndrome is taking over
game-hours: 989.5
review: ...
game-hours: 804.4
review: great
game-hours: 2095.7
review: Sick
game-hours: 2408.2
review: come back
game-hours: 1693.3
review: after 1k hours of playing this game I have learnt a lot about cultures and diversity between people and how they are all alike. and then it taught me to hate them. 9/10 nerf meele cores pls
game-hours: 401.7
review: Nice game i would like to recommend this gameto all players around the world this awesome game :d2invoker: :d2invoker: :d2invoker: :d2invoker:
game-hours: 751.8
review: the best game eva
game-hours: 111.8
review: GREAT GAME !!
game-hours: 634.9
review: Nice game !
game-hours: 813.3
review: one of the best strategy game i ever known.
game-hours: 1.2
review: Muito Bom o game Recomendo ! Mas prefiro LOL hueuhehueuheuhe Haters gona Hate
game-hours: 826.4
review: Its such a team game, at times can be the most fun I've had since MW2 back in Jr. High and other times it can be the most brutally antagonizing game ever, very love-hate, but all in all its a great game, can be a little addictive and a bit of a home wrecker at times, and when it says free to play it truly is free to play, though to stand out in the community you can make in game purchases that will change the default model of your selected hero... Great community, though sometimes it can match you up with people who cannot speak the same language as you for in most cases US servers are a better choice for those closer to the borders of the US IE Canada and Mexico. And if you plan to have a decently ranked 5 man team you better practice cause next thing you know your matched up with a 5 man Korean team that will make you regret ever inviting the 4th or 5th player.
game-hours: 566.5
review: awesome game ^.^
game-hours: 565.4
review: This game is too fun
game-hours: 1692.8
review: :)
game-hours: 1884.4
review: Really nice game . . ..
game-hours: 1060.0
review: sobra adik ako sa laro na ito
game-hours: 2021.1
review: realy the best 5 man team game...
game-hours: 339.5
review: very nice game in ever i played as per my interest DOTA 2 foreever :D
game-hours: 719.5
review: Only Casuals and nerds don't play DOTA
game-hours: 1012.8
review: Nice...
game-hours: 1965.7
review: 8===D
game-hours: 1489.3
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 2711.0
review: VERY BEATIFUL GAME IN THE WORLD
game-hours: 689.5
review: So Cool
game-hours: 1632.4
review: Best game ever helped me to speak 4 languages. Russian , Tagalog , Chinese , Thai Best game 10/100000069
game-hours: 1585.9
review: GGWP
game-hours: 407.3
review: NICE game
game-hours: 63.4
review: Very confusing even if you think you know a bit about MOBAs from playing League of Legends. Not recommended for people with no patience. I think this game is more complex and League of Legends even if it feels a little less responsive. Definitely a higher skill ceiling as well. Fun if you can get into it, frustrating and anger-inducing if you can't.
game-hours: 1285.3
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 462.2
review: nothing can compare
game-hours: 2047.3
review: kills friendships. 12/10
game-hours: 2257.6
review: You constantly learn new stuff about this game. Infuriating at times, but rewarding in the end. Amazing depth and many different ways to be successful, teamplay and playing with thought are very important though. Extremely few games have as much depth as this game has.
game-hours: 119.7
review: Very good game to all you MOBA lovers.
game-hours: 691.9
review: ohhh yaehhhhhh
game-hours: 504.8
review: Wuu
game-hours: 136.7
review: good game
game-hours: 684.2
review: My girlfriend broke up with me a week after I started playing. Now Crystal Maiden is my new Waifu. 10/10
game-hours: 12.9
review: It is a good game that i would recommend you try out. It is not the game for me however.
game-hours: 2227.2
review: best game
game-hours: 244.2
review: aaaaaaaaa
game-hours: 1290.2
review: it's dota 2, do you really need a review for this? :V also, "buy wards noob support" _(:'3
game-hours: 1552.5
review: Feeling so so great
game-hours: 2534.4
review: Played it only a little but I can say It's a good game with wonderful community. You can queue anywhere in the world, for example, Mother russia, east russia, west russia, united states of russia, down under russia and asia. You can easily get to know many russians and their beautiful language through vocal interaction with some of the smartest russians you'll ever meet in your life. .
game-hours: 697.5
review: I don't recommend if you're stupid and don't understand that getting killed by the enemy is bad. Also, when someone says shut the  up, they don't expect you to start singing in ing russian while you get your friend to scream HARDER! Trust me, it's not fun to deal with people like that.
game-hours: 1631.8
review: it's ok
game-hours: 3645.6
review: nice
game-hours: 139.1
review: I like dota 2 because it make me happy But Sometimes I hate dota 2 because many hacker wants to hack my acount
game-hours: 898.3
review: I love everything about this game :))
game-hours: 2291.3
review: ggwp
game-hours: 1660.1
review: Nice Game !!!
game-hours: 323.8
review: play play play
game-hours: 783.8
review: Great game!
game-hours: 3327.3
review: Worst game i have ever played . kappa
game-hours: 5.6
review: kakaha
game-hours: 730.0
review: this is ing awesome game,  yeah!
game-hours: 476.0
review: Run...it sucks all willpower to do other things........
game-hours: 997.4
review: I LIKED IT SOO GOOD GAME!
game-hours: 271.8
review: Competitive!
game-hours: 1343.5
review: jos
game-hours: 880.6
review: i like this <3
game-hours: 1276.3
review: the best of game
game-hours: 2219.6
review: GGWP !
game-hours: 760.4
review: GGWP
game-hours: 271.7
review: Good MOBA,Make you fun to play this game everytime BEST
game-hours: 170.3
review: Game what will never let you stop playing it.
game-hours: 967.9
review: i like this game..
game-hours: 587.6
review: nice
game-hours: 790.6
review: My Love , My life Dota2 <3
game-hours: 1063.3
review: Nice.
game-hours: 500.9
review: sss
game-hours: 870.0
review: very great game this age
game-hours: 1476.5
review: WORK HARD PLAY HARD.........
game-hours: 1261.3
review: GG
game-hours: 768.0
review: thanks dota 2
game-hours: 1917.9
review: HMMM HMMMM HMMM .... hmmm !!!
game-hours: 436.2
review: goodd
game-hours: 576.6
review: Nothing to say... It just "AWESOME"
game-hours: 2085.1
review: I love this game
game-hours: 407.3
review: Good Game Well Play!~
game-hours: 662.8
review: Write a review for Dota 2
game-hours: 5103.7
review: gets me addicted in a good way so i dont get myself into drugs or something worse =) love dota2
game-hours: 465.9
review: awesome
game-hours: 642.6
review: good game :D my life
game-hours: 4858.5
review: love it
game-hours: 221.5
review: !
game-hours: 1906.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 442.8
review: Very Russian
game-hours: 1754.8
review: 5 vs 5 and the best team win.
game-hours: 1954.0
review: :)
game-hours: 1473.7
review: never play this game. never.
game-hours: 57.2
review: I don't understand this game at all, but its still good
game-hours: 960.5
review: 10/10
game-hours: 2815.8
review: Good Game, Very fun, Play if you want to learn Ruski.
game-hours: 999.3
review: I CANT STOP PLAYING PLEASE HELP PLEASE HELP ME JK you cant stop playing too
game-hours: 338.2
review: Great Game!
game-hours: 221.1
review: esblek
game-hours: 1101.3
review: i hope 1 day russian will understand that they have there own ing server...
game-hours: 371.6
review: hheheheh......easy bundle......THank_You....hahahhahahah.........
game-hours: 1095.1
review: When life gives you potatos, you make potato salad
game-hours: 143.7
review: Yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 4170.3
review: BEST MOBA EVER
game-hours: 293.5
review: Nice!
game-hours: 5.6
review: Dota 2 is truly a game for skilled players and takes true dedication and practice.. Dota 2 is a game where you have two teams, Dire and whatever that other thing is, and a large array of characters and gear.. The only problem about gear is that you need it to suit your kind of character, an example would be that mages require wisdom and archers need agility! I played this game a fair bit, so i have lets say, moderate skills.. I'm a big range guy. But anyways back to the point. Dota 2 is wonderful for a F2P game, and can really bring out the inner gamer in you. Along with its entertaining feel, it can unlock a land of oppurtunities such as the Championships.. This game deserves a whopping 9.5/10 which trasnlates to a gold in my rating system..
game-hours: 602.6
review: Once you get enough practice you'll want more and more. Pushing your self more and more for every game, finding new strategies, perfecting your heroes. All of this makes to a perfect MOBA giving you endless hours of fun.
game-hours: 1168.7
review: hello
game-hours: 2679.5
review: Best doto
game-hours: 5485.0
review: BEST GAME!
game-hours: 648.9
review: Market Price unstabble ?
game-hours: 883.0
review: Nice
game-hours: 615.3
review: EZ GODLIKE !
game-hours: 1873.7
review: Lol
game-hours: 1428.4
review: Good Game
game-hours: 502.9
review: weweaweaw
game-hours: 2058.0
review: Highly recommended, many hours. Lots of fun, but hard to learn. Also the ranked MMR community can be rough on newbs.
game-hours: 2232.3
review: aselole
game-hours: 830.0
review: GGWP
game-hours: 500.7
review: BEST GAME EVER!!
game-hours: 3345.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 1820.2
review: my favorite game..
game-hours: 98.5
review: nice , hard for me
game-hours: 3032.7
review: 1000/10
game-hours: 349.2
review: (Y)
game-hours: 3014.2
review: I only played a little but it was fun.
game-hours: 1144.9
review: Best game ever :)
game-hours: 1861.5
review: the best game i ever played..
game-hours: 1165.9
review: best game ever :)))
game-hours: 387.2
review: TrevoJ
game-hours: 2672.7
review: It hurts so good.
game-hours: 1443.9
review: I recommend this game Side Effects *GOOD -Improve Leadership -Quick Decision Making -Learning Other Language -Weight Gain *BAD -Poor Eyesight -Carpal Tunel -Sleep Disorder -Weight Loss 10/10
game-hours: 504.3
review: To me, Dota 2 is the most wonderful strategic game. Ever.
game-hours: 2932.5
review: super great game.
game-hours: 1158.0
review: The Revolution of Dota Petak
game-hours: 3.9
review: Wi eba maiakta
game-hours: 340.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 361.7
review: best
game-hours: 890.3
review: =D
game-hours: 56.8
review: Nice ^^
game-hours: 1612.8
review: Fun and competitive game
game-hours: 455.3
review: very nice game
game-hours: 2125.8
review: DotA 2 is a MOBA with a large community following! IM sure you have all seen some kind of gameplay whether it be on youtube or anything else. This game sucks for the first 25 hours if you havent played another MOBA style game, beause there are SO many features and skills you have to learn! but I assure you, the first hours of pain are worth the following thousands to come! I have been playing this game on and off for about two years now, as my first MOBA apart from a brief introduction to the WoW DotA. I love it and have tried several MOBA'S since, such as LoL and HoN but never really got into them. DotA 2 has the same old valve skins system where you can buy cosmetic items for your heroes, ranging from a few cents to hundreds of dollars. However unlike LoL you do not need to pay for any hero or in game feature as it is completely FREE! I reccomend picking this game up and sticking to it until you get the hang of it as it is surely worth it. The community in DotA is like what you would expect in any other online game, you get the good and the bad. Hope this helped! 8/10
game-hours: 1130.0
review: not bad if you want to kill your bad time
game-hours: 1.1
review: Nice Game Very Good Graphics
game-hours: 1108.3
review: GG
game-hours: 1530.5
review: xD
game-hours: 773.6
review: I like DOTA2!
game-hours: 381.9
review: i like it so much <3
game-hours: 79.6
review: People actually care about this?
game-hours: 114.7
review: Good
game-hours: 546.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 4126.3
review: amazing game! just select your language (even though it doesnt matter because there're are many ers that dont speak the same language but select it anyway), select ur server (warning, will always contain russians) and prepare for 40 minutes of fighting with team mates, cursing enemy team and the spam of pinging. If you're reading this and you're a russian who likes to  up other servers,  you. PS: your mom will most defenitely be cursed at. 10/10
game-hours: 3272.1
review: Thank you for this great russian simulator, 10/10 would learn again
game-hours: 1116.8
review: For sure this is the best RPG game ever, congratulations Valve for this creation! (5 Stars)
game-hours: 2164.2
review: I have a few hours and I'm still learning how to deal with the s that lurk in the world of Dota.
game-hours: 80.0
review: Dota 2 is possibly one of the best game Valve has made based on the original DOTA mod from Warcraft III: Frozen Throne. Many balance changes, including item drops, events, and even cool stuff to collect. You know your heroes well, use them to keep the distinction against your foes and bring their Ancient down, either Raidiant or Dire. I like to play this again and now I do it. I reccommend this to anyone who played Dota before or any RTS/RPG player who wants to take the challenge. 10/10 from Neil, Almost 3 Years Steam Veteran
game-hours: 632.7
review: wow
game-hours: 178.8
review: game
game-hours: 235.0
review: I like this game because its too awesome!
game-hours: 42.3
review: ?
game-hours: 1565.9
review: Very good game
game-hours: 2717.2
review: Great for playing with friends, bore several times but then becomes a habit win or lose, the important thing is the fun
game-hours: 1564.3
review: The best game ever >.<
game-hours: 1229.0
review: its ok
game-hours: 1440.3
review: a very addictive game that will take over your life with its incredibly fun playstyle
game-hours: 457.8
review: Good Game
game-hours: 919.1
review: Oh gawd, Valve you have ruined my life. Even my parents are pleading me back. Please let my addicton for this game go away!!! rate 5/5
game-hours: 1819.2
review: whatwatawve
game-hours: 2218.6
review: First you have to learn the language of the russians, urn there trust. Then breed with their women, and in time, our differences will be forgotten
game-hours: 394.8
review: Yes, I recommend this game to my relative & my friend. This game full of strategy, that's need people to think, strategies, create a teamwork to a victory. Just like reality life, if we want to achieve our goal, we can't do it alone. We need teammate, teamwork to achieve the goal. Same with DOTA 2, it's create teamwork, close the relationship, prove the strength of relationship, trust & doubt. One thing that I dislike is, don't too addicted to game, you can spend gaming around 2-3 hours. Spend another quality hour with your family, your parent, your wife, your kids too. Overall, I recommend this game to reduce your stress, don't push yourself if you are about to lose a game.. Don't worry, it's just a game. No people will blame you.. Cheers to all DOTA 2 gamers.. :)
game-hours: 866.5
review: Dota 2 is one of those games that never get old. I have endless hours of time. Its is a game of skill and I enjoy the entire aspect. I would recommend this game to anyone looking for a game to spend constant hours in.
game-hours: 803.8
review: REp ++
game-hours: 1403.7
review: this game.  the people who play this game.
game-hours: 226.8
review: If you had the choice between DotA 2 and world peace, what hero would you choose?
game-hours: 483.5
review: ill try my best .. in all game .. !!!!!!!! ^_^ (Y) ^_^
game-hours: 3448.6
review: nice
game-hours: 1433.6
review: it's leik a kawaii blek men
game-hours: 1063.0
review: Best Gamer Ever ! 10/10
game-hours: 1885.4
review: nice game ever!
game-hours: 23.8
review: Cool
game-hours: 3158.4
review: +
game-hours: 215.1
review: Dota2 , Simply the best game ever.
game-hours: 1154.1
review: Very Good and Interesting Game!!!!
game-hours: 588.1
review: Nice.......
game-hours: 2492.6
review: Nice game.
game-hours: 1604.0
review: gg
game-hours: 496.4
review: awesome game! You might not like it at first (because of all the trashtalking), but when you get a hang of it. It really gets your blood pumping.
game-hours: 477.4
review: This game taught me Do not try to co-op with russians - waste of time.
game-hours: 406.1
review: Greatest game ever~
game-hours: 386.5
review: Is a good game
game-hours: 2475.8
review: best game
game-hours: 1487.8
review: a
game-hours: 3311.6
review: Best game I've ever played !!
game-hours: 198.0
review: It was alright.
game-hours: 577.7
review: i love this game,i only rate 5 star for this game you add item for Troll(Jah'rakal) and Disruptor,im begging please add item for them,for now i just rate 4 star...
game-hours: 201.3
review: ..
game-hours: 1546.8
review: One of the best games i've ever played.
game-hours: 927.5
review: gg
game-hours: 962.5
review: BLYAT KRIISA EBANAIA
game-hours: 185.4
review: grabage client
game-hours: 41.0
review: As a player of League of Legends, Dota 2 really surprised in a positive way. For a long time, I'd never heard of Dota, but I'd been playing LoL for a long time. At first, I didn't think it would be worth my time. I mean, I'm already playing League right? But I was wrong. Dota 2 and LoL are both good games in their own game. There are things I like better about LoL, and there are things I like better about Dota 2. Overall, no matter what you prefer, Dota 2 at least deserves your chance with all the supportive people playing it already.
game-hours: 938.6
review: Shovelware with Pudge
game-hours: 182.8
review: Its very competitive game
game-hours: 1572.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 723.1
review: cant get out of 1k mmr easily thanks asians 9/10 probably last player fapping would play again
game-hours: 829.9
review: good
game-hours: 1187.4
review: good game
game-hours: 3371.2
review: I met Russian at SEA Server! GOOD!
game-hours: 895.2
review: Best Game ever I played
game-hours: 2505.7
review: AX !
game-hours: 1149.2
review: This is a great game, you should try it, you should take a while to understand the concept and love this game.
game-hours: 447.8
review: If addictions are your thing, download this game.
game-hours: 119.5
review: Very cool, and very very challenging, steep learning curve. If you play L.O.L. uninstall it, this is better
game-hours: 2128.1
review: THEY SAY IT'S FREE BUT THEY LIE
game-hours: 410.0
review: Play DOTA2
game-hours: 756.4
review: very nice game ever
game-hours: 529.0
review: Ini Baru Game !!!
game-hours: 1783.4
review: best laa
game-hours: 1792.4
review: Dota 2 is the best online game!
game-hours: 528.6
review: Dota 2 is a competitive game which teaches you strategic approaches on how to win a game! Very nice game. I highly recommend it.
game-hours: 1691.4
review: I JUST LOVE DOTA2
game-hours: 417.8
review: <3
game-hours: 958.6
review: NICE GAME FOR EVER !
game-hours: 407.7
review: nice game must try :D
game-hours: 13.6
review: this is a great game and is fun when it wants to be, but otherwise an awesome game.
game-hours: 1034.4
review: Gram sobie w dote
game-hours: 418.0
review: Amazing game to play when you're bored, or with a group of friends!
game-hours: 177.3
review: nice games
game-hours: 442.7
review: I like your games
game-hours: 18.0
review: 10/10
game-hours: 815.9
review: New Bloom is good!
game-hours: 27.2
review: very nice game
game-hours: 9135.6
review: ITS CRAP! anyone looking at this game please read this review! I will explain all the good things about dota 2 first! Its not like league of legends inwhich "IS" spam fest that really at 300 games you can easily have skills equal or better than the so called pros....LOL>league of legends is a very limited and LOW skill bracket game (this comes from having repeditive heroes on mutiple maps (CANNOT BE BALANCE TO MAP), limited movement and interaction with map (dota very flexible map interaction compaired to LOL) and constantly MAKING new CHAMPIONS) being pro at LOL is NOTHING! Dota 2 or dota in general has a very high potenial skill bracket, meaning its easily challenging, exciting and with this self rewarding on victory alone in a good game no matter how many times you play it. Dota 2 heroes are more balanced on capability on MAP farm rate (gold per minute earned by killing random creeps, gold is used for items) control (stoping enemy players, controling the map for team .etc) and start late potenial (no items, Lots of items and how the items syncronize on specific heroes) while league of legends is balanced one way....EVERY HERO MIGHT AS WELL BE THE SAME!!! it gets very boring very fast aspecial once u play dota. NEGATIVES BIG F*(Y*&^KING NEGATIVES! One the community is HOPLESS, (note: if u do not play games to advance in skill or ever actually do well at strategy games! then plz ignor this review u will fit in nicely. For everyone else when playing most of my dota 2 games i find it more pleasant when after the loading screen simply mute everyone else in the game, even in CO-OP games, there is too much internet trash in this community and it isnt the communities fault in truth, the people that run and set up dota have made massive failures with not the game, the game is good, but characteristics with interface and community control that isnt policed at all and others that well just aggravate you. If u can play the game mute everyone every game, never play it with friends and not invest anything but time to play and i mean souly in playing not understanding or skill building then once again, please ignor this review you will be fine, you probly really really like the game for the very very small amount of time you actually play it, because lets face it if thats you than you obviously have other things you would rather be doing. First negative by the makers: for no reason at all on wide internet game play thats based on pointless endless matchmaking inwhich is all dota really is, the makers allow a ALL chat system basis. THIS IS STUPID! (it should be a base setting on profile to allow any chat/chat type period) Imagine the spam you get (again BAD COMMUNITY) if you forgot to or havent figured out how to mute people. Also for the short time after loading in some game types you cannot mute anyone and there is alot of trash that use this to spam aggravating sounds and stupid comments over with MIKES! This happens more than you think it would. The game type is "ability draft" if you are wondering. So advice, ULT-TAB turn your sound OFF until you can mute them. Second, Dota 2 has a reporting system....THAT IS NOT POLICED! Only a true  implements a policing system without policing the F*(&^King system. So on that alone you can imagine how its abused! To be honest if i play dota on a day i make sure to use up all my reports before i stop playing even if my last was a really good game. (Silly but self justice really to answer just how crap i really think dota 2 is and is going to become, after few thousand hours playing the game since beta i have now uninstalled and removed it with no intention of ever getting it back. (Im compeditive and the game JUST TOO MUCH STUPID, the community and set up by makers isnt improving- never will, and doesnt allow for higher skilled casual players that dont just play the game but make an effort to GET good at it to have well fun)).-ADVICE: only ever play self made and party lobby games with friends, never use match making. This can make the game fun. Third Dota has pointless features, such as the profile level system...It was originally a means for aquiring new aesthetic tools for heroes. (every level you get a new item, the item part is now removed and has been for a LONG time! this is all the feature did! (evidence administrator/makers are crap)) fourth reason: Dota 2 has a play and fail to understand before understanding gameplay. Its very unforgiving for new players and even the wiki page doesnt actually tell you all about heroes and their abilities- limits ,etc. there is alot of varibles and stuff in dota which is why it has such a massive potenical skill bracket. (by which i would say 4-5 times greater than league of legends) Fifth and the last one im going to add to review and in my book the F&^%$King worst: There are 2 match making pools verse other players Normal/ Ranked Ranked is player rated, Normal isnt. Dota is like chess, every game is a new beginning every victory or loss is another end. There for it is only natural it would easily aquire a rating or ranking system of some sort. And oh it has......! A TRULY USELESS PIECE OF (*#%^&# IT IS! Chess is only made of 2 componets, the players and their interaction in order of turns. This is why chess can effectively be rated through wins and loses alone. DOTA doesnt have just 2 components, it has legitimately 20 i can think off hand, so MORE than 20. Yet the administrator uses a 2 componet SYSTEM thats again doesnt work and to make it worse it starts at a NOT point zero marker. In other words instead of going up if u win and head back to zero if you lose.... NO! it means you go into negatives and have to continue playing with  TOOLS that literally trap you there. As this rating system is no longer how good you are ("even if your the best on the planet") ITS NOW ALL ABOUT HOW LUCKY YOU ARE THAT YOU DIDNT GET THE "MORE" RETARED TEAM MATES THAT GAME!. So in saying im a compeditive player im sure you can see why im ditching this game. And by the way the ranking system has been coping CRAP since it was released years ago, all over the internet it hasnt improved. (EVIDENCE- adminastrator/makers are CRAP) Now after that you will be asking so why did you play ranked? ANSWER- normal games win or lose i still end up huge (reguardless of hero) (well farmed loss comes as team is useless 90% of time, out played 10% of the time) and winning (80% of the time, vertually on my own efforts. 19% of the time cause maybe 2 or less people on your team want to play with you as in get involved in game play, and 1% of the time thats a good game or at least you liked playing with your team!!!) Ranked games I have a higher chance of getting totally good games (thats win or loss no one gets upset really...IT WAS AWESOME! extimate only 3% of the time this happens, maybe lower) and the basic skill level of all players is higher no just walking threw them anymore. Literally when i play normal games i just see how many kills i can get by 20 mins. (my record 41 as pudge, normal "all pick" game type. I average 15 per game as pudge in my ranked games, im still under 4000 rating the base rating! HOW does this happen anyone that knows dota knows for this example playing strong "pick off" heroes well isnt winning at 30 minutes in the game if that enemy carry thats died 10 times still has alot more farm than your teams free farm carry. "THIS HAPPENED TO ME TOO MUCH!" or supports that think all they have to do is buy a courier and wards!). The sum of DOTA 2 for this review is the community is BAD and why? The administrator/makers are BAD. Dota 2 is a good game but, it is not worth playing.
game-hours: 586.4
review: NOo words to tell about this game
game-hours: 2543.1
review: Connecting to Dota network all the time Full of russian animals without brain
game-hours: 717.9
review: best gae ever
game-hours: 3981.6
review: dota 2 is good nothing but a good
game-hours: 1331.6
review: addicting game :)
game-hours: 3319.1
review: Dota 2 is AMAJING!
game-hours: 371.2
review: nice game GGWP
game-hours: 2709.4
review: Epic Game
game-hours: 816.4
review: This game is pure fun, get into it, and you will never play anything else. It has everything a good game needs - strategy, teamplay (no AI to bypass), real time and nice graphics.
game-hours: 1657.1
review: a
game-hours: 729.4
review: Fun addictive game
game-hours: 2625.2
review: This is one of the most popular games of all time because this is not just a game. Friendship, E-sport, Respect, Motivation, Life, Teamwork, Skill, Experience, Responsibility, Cultures and so many other can be found in this three lanes battle of 10 heroes. In DOTA 2 everything is in balance. DOTA 2 is free to play and you don't need money to buy heroes. There is a lot of customizations but they have no effect in game. You cannot pay to win. So, you may ask what does a hero truly need to get the victory... That is for you to decide. I have been playing DOTA since 2008. But I am not a pro, I am just a fan. Thank you IceFrog you are amazing. And thank you Gabe.
game-hours: 1313.3
review: ya
game-hours: 586.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1550.9
review: <3
game-hours: 1919.1
review: Makes me hate others and my self. Life ruining. 11/10 would recommend
game-hours: 1.0
review: :(
game-hours: 1310.8
review: gg
game-hours: 958.5
review: This user Cheated by swapping mode Bundle careful
game-hours: 544.4
review: ggwp
game-hours: 469.3
review: the coolest game ever its all about the team
game-hours: 2151.8
review: Very Fun and addicting. And very difficult until you get the hang of it :)
game-hours: 1216.7
review: Best MOBA out there, hands down. Better graphics and more complex than League of Legends, more team-oriented than Smite, and a HUGE upgrade from Dota 1. I can't think of a reason for anyone to not try this game. :D
game-hours: 2991.9
review: Just think of a game that takes more time than a job or school with the akwardness of everyone hating you like a job or school, and you have Dota 2 just add some try-hards like a job or school. 5 Fruity Loops/ 3 Apple Pies.
game-hours: 322.7
review: This game is the best. ;))
game-hours: 987.0
review: Better than drugs.
game-hours: 223.3
review: 4ever
game-hours: 1359.3
review: dota 2 is love
game-hours: 1040.1
review: good game
game-hours: 1282.9
review: its alright
game-hours: 1667.0
review: Nice game i love it
game-hours: 270.0
review: like it
game-hours: 10.3
review: Very Nice Game To Play With Your Friends. Very Difficult But The Best .. Yeah I Am Not Playing So Long Dota2 But I Loved It From The First Time :D
game-hours: 1615.2
review: This game has replaced the word 'Noob' with 'Peruvian.'
game-hours: 950.9
review: The place you learn to love russians and make new, happy friendships.
game-hours: 65.6
review: I <3 this game! Never played a better RPG!
game-hours: 1017.4
review: Like
game-hours: 424.0
review: DotA 2 popped my MOBA cherry, and what an experience its been. At first I was skeptical, there is only one map, one objective for every game. But the vast array of heros, items and builds open up a world of possibility, add this to the four other team members you have to be able to work effectively with and it can give hours (338 and counting) of enjoyment, frustration and everything in between as you work towards knocking down the enemy ancient and the hope for reward. For the chance of better team play, try ranked. The games will be harder, but the reward of a higher MMR makes people more willing to work together (or innundate your chat box with colourful slurs).
game-hours: 807.3
review: great game
game-hours: 1444.6
review: Good Games
game-hours: 256.4
review: this is awesome!
game-hours: 1163.2
review: iam pro
game-hours: 0.2
review: I have never played MOBAs, so I was very confused when there did not pop up some kind of tutorial or something (in such a game!?). So I just joined a (random?) game and went into full rage mode within seconds. Looks like it is not newbie-friendly. Never again, thank god it was free.
game-hours: 0.2
review: I have never played MOBAs, so I was very confused when there did not pop up some kind of tutorial or something (in such a game!?). So I just joined a (random?) game and went into full rage mode within seconds. Looks like it is not newbie-friendly. Never again, thank god it was free.
game-hours: 264.1
review: Play this game its better then lol :D
game-hours: 907.8
review: +Still better than LoL -Ranked matches mostly will give you a cancer. Long treatment after that anyway 10/10
game-hours: 197.6
review: Top moba and RTS game
game-hours: 1378.7
review: My favourite game 8 years ago. Still my favourite game now
game-hours: 657.9
review: this game so good
game-hours: 581.9
review: Awesome game. It can be pretty daunting when you have just started. But if you decide to stick for long enough, it would be a lot of fun
game-hours: 378.4
review: I just wanna suggest a little adjustment here, and i think the staff and members of this game will take my suggestion in order to promote a better community and a more proper treating towards the players. The only suggestion i would like to give is that, make the game learn how to differentiate "BLACKOUT" or "BROWN-OUT" from "ABANDONING" because players gets LOW PRIORITIES for extremely POOR REASON, and now those players who have low prios would keep on having LOW PRIOS if the blackout is rotational and comes in unexpectedly, and because of this, MANY PLAYERS are having discomfort and depression towards the events because they can't join in the game because of the blasted low-prios of no valid reasons. Please, if you see this, you may now start improving the community and the system of low-priority. Thanks. Btw, great game.
game-hours: 485.6
review: A game for people who are not living their lives! It`s just a game idiots!!! Go live outside!
game-hours: 2593.0
review: Not interesting at all.. Can't drag into gameplay..
game-hours: 1951.9
review: Good game
game-hours: 49.4
review: this is a very fun game =)),but i don't like thecamera angle.
game-hours: 21.8
review: good game lot of fun
game-hours: 380.1
review: awesome game about strategy and team communication
game-hours: 1813.6
review: 9/10 Would give 10/10 if Valve can make a seperate server then force all pinoys into it.
game-hours: 900.6
review: Better than LoL! 10/10
game-hours: 2229.6
review: have a nice game
game-hours: 1551.3
review: The best moba game ever
game-hours: 2526.5
review: After 2507 played hours i found my time is wasted Better build house or play guitar
game-hours: 2333.5
review: Best game i've ever played since gta
game-hours: 988.9
review: Free to play
game-hours: 1146.2
review: Best game in STEAM.
game-hours: 3455.5
review: good
game-hours: 350.6
review: i like this game
game-hours: 2.5
review: i dont know how to play this game
game-hours: 11.9
review: its a nice game
game-hours: 575.3
review: They got a fatty that claims he is the "Butcher" ! 10/10 would butch again !
game-hours: 1383.4
review: Dota 2 is awesome. I highly recommend playing this game with friends, it's a lot funnier that way. You will learn to be a part of a team. It can be really good when you are stressed out, as it can easily distract you. There are also some bad things about it. For example, people rage and flame too much. The worst thing that can happen to you in Dota is when all players in the game are flaming you. You will be come angrier when playing this game. Don't get me wrong, there are people who play Dota and don't flame or rage. Finding these people can be hard, therefore I suggest playing with friends. Dota can make you happy, you can have a good laugh while playing it. Remember, if you are already angry and raging too much in the game, go make a pause and come back later.
game-hours: 275.9
review: This game is awfull and the people who made it should feel bad. -11/10- Always pick Phantom Cancer~
game-hours: 108.8
review: If you like League of legends and other games of that genre, I would recommend Dota 2. I enjoy the gameplay and the graphics, especially fun to play with friends. Plenty of items to get to customize your characters and plenty of other items too. Game styles and all kinds of other things.
game-hours: 449.2
review: Pretty good game
game-hours: 1663.8
review: Dota is life.
game-hours: 417.3
review: Book was better.
game-hours: 1513.6
review: Dota is like a greedy woman... -Steals your money -Takes up your time -Hurts your very soul -But she's attractive so i'd  her 10/10
game-hours: 543.3
review: OMG BEST GAME EVAR
game-hours: 592.8
review: ty for this game
game-hours: 1327.4
review: best game
game-hours: 3149.5
review: What i like about DOTA 2 is the challenge and Teamwork of each team in an all out strategy game, and what i dislike about it is the racism and trash talks that will lead to violent actions.
game-hours: 978.9
review: best game evah
game-hours: 2709.4
review: I have had so many good and bad times playing dota 2. I met the best friends ever and made mortal enemies of total strangers. I lerned to rise and fall, to bask in the glory of victory, and lingered in the shadow of defeat. Yes it is just a game but it is a game that challenges your mental apptitude and stamina:it is ever changing and evolving. Timing and teamwork are crucial is this game. I hope you had as much fun as I did. I am not sure I have ever been sad to move on from a game: it was a pleasure and a pain to play with you all you random random people. Dota 2 will always hold a special place in my heart. AD-V OP GG NO RE Valve pls nerf.
game-hours: 1442.5
review: HOW TO FIX AUTO DISCONNECT IN ? -.-
game-hours: 817.6
review: i love this game
game-hours: 1541.6
review: This game is my life. LOL
game-hours: 85.6
review: Best strategy game ever. Pros : -Uses your mind skills in order to win the game. -Great Server. -Good Updates. Cons : -Trashtalks.
game-hours: 0.9
review: IceFrog brought us this balanced concept of Multiplayer Online Gaming Arena. Warcraft III Frozen Throne was actually the playground of early MOBAs and one of them became famous, the Defence Of The Ancients. Believe me, there were dosens.
game-hours: 748.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 564.6
review: nice
game-hours: 307.5
review: adiction
game-hours: 92.9
review: Very addicting game Thumbs up
game-hours: 1618.7
review: Great game full of raging
game-hours: 1555.4
review: very good game
game-hours: 3537.8
review: ok. the best game in the world.
game-hours: 26.1
review: i get killed by the bots on easy
game-hours: 7.4
review: Played for 10 minutes... Uninstalled
game-hours: 1157.3
review: 10/10 very fun
game-hours: 1689.2
review: >:)
game-hours: 12.1
review: This game gave me a stroke. 99/100
game-hours: 489.2
review: This is a great game. Basically, the game has great graphics, in my opinion (many beg to differ though.). Great gameplay with all the minor mechanics like every character having different casting time (depending on animation), turning time of heroes, and all those little things that will go a very long way to give depth to this game. Below I will state the "YAYS" & "NAYS" of this game: YAYS: 1. Great gameplay with all the little mechanics (turning times, skill casting delays due to animation, voice overs [which usually is easily taken for granted], etc) 2. Nice work of the revamp of all characters(includes creeps, all shops) 3. Report player feature (Great for s who like to cyber bully and make this game an unenjoyable one) 4. Player States 5. Great variety of customisation with most characters (at a price, of course.) NAYS: 1. BOTS' AI require more work on it especially on the engaging part. They either stone there after you've pinged them countless of times to engage, or they do a follow up after you get caught by surprise and "intentionally feed" given the situation of 1 v 4. 2. Lack of other heroes and the release of heroes are taking a really long long time. 3. The BOTS in your team mostly aim their skills in the wrong direction. CONCLUSION: Despite it's short comings, like all games, they could always use some improvements. All in all, this is a very enjoyable game to play, and I hope that improvements and endless content will continue to grow because new content is always refreshing, and in my opinion, it's something that keeps players wanting more. NOTE: This review is subjective different end users. Some may agree with it, some may not. At the end of the day, please show tolerance, and restraint even if you disagree with what people have to say.
game-hours: 20.5
review: This game is so good. :D
game-hours: 623.4
review: nice game .
game-hours: 2205.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 1482.9
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 146.0
review: Good Game Played
game-hours: 1441.6
review: Dota 2 Hollic, I love windranger.
game-hours: 1676.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 260.5
review: HANEP YUNG GUMAWA NITO. NAPAKATINDI NG PAG-IISIP. 10 CLAPS
game-hours: 974.1
review: best game i've ever played :3
game-hours: 825.8
review: zxczxc
game-hours: 1401.1
review: aids
game-hours: 692.0
review: awesome game. play it !
game-hours: 430.1
review: nice
game-hours: 655.1
review: Love this game!
game-hours: 1626.3
review: Best MOBA !
game-hours: 1222.1
review: hell yeah, i recommend this game!
game-hours: 192.5
review: A great game. The trading system, even with the "untradeability" status, is good. It has the great security against scams and others. The gifting system is nice too.
game-hours: 2028.9
review: giff me life back
game-hours: 804.2
review: yeah...
game-hours: 1303.1
review: WOW
game-hours: 1900.8
review: yes or no.. go go go dota..
game-hours: 1260.9
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 343.6
review: its like a world with badass 103 heroes to play right now onthe 1 januari 2014 its fun if you have friends its even more fun plus its free to play so
game-hours: 819.1
review: Great game, but very difficult to learn ;). In my opinion best MOBA.
game-hours: 1273.7
review: gg
game-hours: 2899.9
review: i like the graphics and items in thi game i love the controll and the stratgey
game-hours: 453.8
review: ..
game-hours: 1050.5
review: good game, well played!
game-hours: 745.2
review: MOBA
game-hours: 343.4
review: What i like in this game is because of the interesting graphics and others.
game-hours: 782.3
review: i like this game... its fun and exciting.. i hope topping up is just as easy as other online games
game-hours: 5742.5
review: Awesome game , i would recommand for you .
game-hours: 255.6
review: dear valve, ggwp! thanks for sever that always dc when trying to end the game. fix your server before doing something international. plase fix your sever. i dont always play dota but when i do, putang ina mo sever dc dc dc dc dc and dc again and again.
game-hours: 1224.9
review: I Like Dota 2 , Very Very Nice Game
game-hours: 1079.3
review: NICE GAME !!!
game-hours: 1877.6
review: This is perfect for people who like animals and maps and magic.
game-hours: 1437.0
review: BEST GAME EVER!
game-hours: 62.9
review: Best game ever, everyone should play this game. 99,9% taking life.
game-hours: 35.8
review: this game omg... in wot m8
game-hours: 678.8
review: i love this game so much. because the graphics and animation are cool!
game-hours: 669.5
review: GG GAN! #ROADTO4KMMR
game-hours: 1513.1
review: ,      1000 ,
game-hours: 346.8
review: perfect game..
game-hours: 1761.7
review: Nice
game-hours: 547.6
review: It is a great game
game-hours: 1488.8
review: Most amazing game ever. Meet new people and (hopefully) feel good about yourself at the same time. The learning curve is hard, but gradifiying when you get skilled.
game-hours: 1304.4
review: If any game could make me a racist. It's definitely this one. There really, REALLY needs to be a "Does not speak language qued for" option when reporting. communication is key in this game. other than that 10/10, also nerf Riki, nuff said.
game-hours: 534.4
review: e un fel de zuma da sa luat dupa nefese putin si numi place plus ca cartofi sau trezit
game-hours: 1634.7
review: lol fail lunar event always auto dc would not rc! lol what happen this game i already abadonned 2 time this game!!!
game-hours: 96.0
review: ,    2000. .  ,  ,. ,   30,    , ***.   . .    .   .
game-hours: 278.1
review: Definitely recommend dota 2, its an awesome game. you get your hard characters and easy characters, there is always a challenge to master.
game-hours: 1021.8
review: Good game nice of still xD
game-hours: 1855.9
review: .     .
game-hours: 6048.0
review: review for Dota 2
game-hours: 388.4
review: asdasd
game-hours: 1951.9
review: This is the best review for dota 2.
game-hours: 862.2
review: Amazing game.. I love everything about it.. And I really like how fast steam resolves problems with this game.. Keep up the good work..
game-hours: 161.4
review: Play2Uninstall 10/10 would recommend
game-hours: 2296.6
review: Just diffuse em. in diffuse em.
game-hours: 293.3
review: DotA 2 or Defend of the Ancients 2 is a nice game. You can play with your friends and family . I like it . We all wait for Dota 3
game-hours: 1190.6
review: my name : try muammar
game-hours: 2034.2
review: You can push people to their deaths with force staff 10/10 would play
game-hours: 5.7
review: AYYY WTF IS THIS LEAGUE OR WAT LOL
game-hours: 481.7
review: .)
game-hours: 853.9
review: best game ever. this game need strategy
game-hours: 2112.1
review: yes
game-hours: 2654.6
review: The Fastest Way to Learn Russian.
game-hours: 349.8
review: Cool Game
game-hours: 255.1
review: HI IM NEWBIE BUT PRO!!! AND IWANT FRIENDS PLSS ADD ME!!! TNX TO ALL!!!
game-hours: 16.4
review: I am going to face the consequences of not agreeing with thousands of satisfied gamers, but unfortunately I really can't say I would recommend Dota to anyone. When I was playing the Warcraft 3 mod I was so excited to know that someone was planning to create a whole new game with it (alot of years, accounts, pcs ago...) that I started playing it as soon as it was possible. After some years here I am again, and unfortunately I have to say that I am very disappointed with this game. We know of the awful community, we know of the slow paced mechanics (which may even be a perk for someone), but we can't really accept in this era, an outdated graphic, a really unfriendly interface, and the feeling of general polish lackness that we would expect from a game of this height. Talking from my graphic knowledge, the purity of a well rendered game is to be shown when all the FFXAA postprocessing is off. We clear the bloom, we clear the lightnings, we clear fogs, shinings, reflections, and the core grafic of this game is (in comparison of doing the same with other similar games) so outdated that a tear of nostalgy dropped from my eye, as I was sure I was playing Warcraft. But it's not Warcraft in the far 2002, it's 2015, and we can't really accept such poligonal scarsity and approximative physics. And if you think that I am just asking too much, well, the fact would not be a trouble for me, if it would not give the game an awful, outdated look: not vintage, not nostalgic, just... old. A word should be spent for the well known trouble of the toxic community. If some kind of community, broadly talking, is harassed and worsened by a group of troublemakers, it's imperative that the leaders of the said community do something to resolve the problem ...but no real solutions are being taken. Bans, low priority queues, and such easy going methods probably just worsened the issue, giving the toxic part of the community not a direct message. This could translate as following: if the toxicity of a part of the community is such alarming, and you should care about this trouble, and you can't, well or you are unable to fix it, or you in the end are happy with this (which option I don't know is the worse). Taken singularly Dota 2 is a real game experience that every gamer should do, maybe just for some hours, but putting Dota2 in relation with its most famous counterparts (League of Legends and Heroes of the Storm, to say two names), I am sad to say that my favourite moba looks like the unlucky little brother. Unfortunately this issues can't be closed by a "it's just a matter of tastes" statement: to play this game, and to be happy playing it, we need to fix some technical facts, which the most important are the followings: - a total graphic update, from maps, to buildings, to clutters to (PLEASE) champions; - new physics (never heard of motion capture?), because for freak sake champions move like monsters in Warcraft 3; - a decent interface, both in and off game; - a capital solution for the (broadening) toxicity of the community, because if I wanted to play just with bots in some sort of solo, I'd play GTA, Skyrim, or Dungeon Keeper (always wonderful). To be brutally honest, playing Dota is like finally going out for a drink with your crush, but the beer is awful, there is a terrible karaoke playing at like 3 yards from your table, the food is rancid and the waitress kicks you in the balls because you look like her cheating ex boyfriend. Could be a wonderful experience, but too many things go wrong, and they ruin it. 6,5/10: play it, but there is much better around nowadays.
game-hours: 131.2
review: Dota 2: Commend and Report The Game
game-hours: 617.5
review: (y)
game-hours: 1285.6
review: i like it very much . its very fun lalallalala
game-hours: 2126.0
review: nice
game-hours: 3224.0
review: I am ready to pay for servers without russians
game-hours: 1653.8
review: best steam game ever !
game-hours: 2773.1
review: love this game and i would play this game life long ,,,,this game cant be matched to any other game in world i bet you!!!! awesome game ever !!
game-hours: 268.1
review: NICE GAME
game-hours: 0.9
review: As Hell
game-hours: 431.1
review: DOTA is a soul sucker. DOTA 2 is as well. DOTA can be fun, or DOTA can be horrible. You will quit. You will come back for more pain.
game-hours: 647.3
review: (y)
game-hours: 46.9
review: Hours of 'Why do I play this game' Seconds of 'I AM A GOD'. 10/10 - IGN.
game-hours: 1903.2
review: wpwpwpwpwwp
game-hours: 649.2
review: Same like the old version (Dota 1/ warcraft) but with a little change of some skill at some hero the best strategy game i ever seen 1 link to another 1 , and with some combo of skill can make better way to win
game-hours: 471.4
review: dsadasdasdas
game-hours: 1619.0
review: Great game
game-hours: 795.0
review: keep it up
game-hours: 1849.7
review: 10/10 Would throw life away again.
game-hours: 223.1
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 1342.8
review: a wonderful game, I love it
game-hours: 1279.9
review: this game is awesome !
game-hours: 1383.6
review: # for god's sake i fans Park Jiyeon ()
game-hours: 954.9
review: .......
game-hours: 690.7
review: This is a great game, very fun and will keep you entertained infinitely. 10/10 Would Waste Life Again
game-hours: 2699.7
review: gg wp
game-hours: 2757.1
review: wadepley
game-hours: 740.0
review: COEGG INSIDE
game-hours: 1241.8
review: Dota 2 is the best :D
game-hours: 4799.5
review: 100% life steal
game-hours: 1109.1
review: Aahhh Dota 2. Goodbye real life. Hello there my cave. A thousand hours and more...
game-hours: 1433.1
review: Addicted
game-hours: 705.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 394.3
review: masi newbie si, blum bisa nge-review berlebihan :D happy gaming aja (y)
game-hours: 1280.9
review: tis dota2 is interesting game ,from 2008 i starting ply dota1 in 2013 i start ply dota2 ,i could't fell boring tis game
game-hours: 60.8
review: This game is good. It's like a mind game as well.
game-hours: 215.2
review: welcome dota 2
game-hours: 445.6
review: Superb !
game-hours: 654.7
review: First, you think it is fun. It shows you a whole new world. Then you realize this world is mostly populated by Russians. Then you play with them. Then you learn Russian.  becomes your most read and heard word. Then you notice everyone in your team is russian. On West European Servers, with language preference English. Then you learn to hate your team. You learn to hate Russians, and finally Dota itself. If you have 4 friends to play with, you may enjoy this game, for then you dont have to put up with them Russians. If you dont, dont play it. You will get angry.
game-hours: 998.3
review: HEYHEYHEYHEY! HEYHEYHEY! EZ DOTOO TY VOLVO FOR CREATING THIS GAME AND TO ICEFROG
game-hours: 2394.2
review: nice n fun game to play with friend
game-hours: 3154.8
review: Ever thought of suicide? DotA will take your life slowly and painless. Highly recommended. edit: grammar
game-hours: 282.0
review: GG
game-hours: 1249.6
review: This game is so awesome! (Y)
game-hours: 1482.6
review: 1500 hours wasted
game-hours: 239.9
review: i like it
game-hours: 902.5
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 13.5
review: The BEST GAME EVER OF THE UNIVERSE (ok,no)
game-hours: 424.5
review: it is so challenging, i recommend it to others cuz they can also earn money from this game.
game-hours: 871.0
review: Best game
game-hours: 1248.3
review: it is like legue of legends. 4 apples out of 3
game-hours: 837.8
review: My Favourite Game
game-hours: 362.5
review: Its my Favorite game in 2011 like as Warcraft III into Dota 2. i change from warcraft III to dota 2, quality graphic is good.
game-hours: 1067.9
review: And they said don't do meth...
game-hours: 147.8
review: With Year Beast DOTA finally became p2w game. This game is , heroes are boring, gameplay is dull, and russians are stupid.
game-hours: 2538.1
review: The Best game ever! im playing this game like 12hrs straight. Zombie mode on! haha
game-hours: 58.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 820.9
review: Its good
game-hours: 385.5
review: nice game.... I know other language like p*tang nina bobo ,c*ka from this game... 10/10
game-hours: 520.7
review: Great gme i like it :)
game-hours: 982.3
review: DOTA 2 BEST
game-hours: 381.8
review: Hot
game-hours: 1523.3
review: Killed my cat because he screwed me up in a fight. 10/10 would spend money
game-hours: 1218.7
review: You say you'll uninstall after losing, but you won't, DOTA is life, son. DOTA is apart of your being, without DOTA, you're nothing. DOTA is all you need in your life, shut out everyone who tries to communicate with you, just play for the rest of your virgin life.
game-hours: 1991.1
review: A rage-inducing strategy game that sometimes makes you loose faith in the world. Other than the less than lack luster community, it is insanely fun once you get used to it after a while. The best thing is that there is so much to learn about this game, always new mechanics and things you never expected. At times some things do not seem balanced but almost always there is a counter to everything (there is even a counter to Russians). Over all a really fun game that requires some time to learn.
game-hours: 1468.1
review: Great game for meeting peruvians and russians.
game-hours: 1073.8
review: It was hard at the start, but then i turned to be good at playing Enigma, the i learned how to trap everyone into my   and then i learned to    the I started     Rubick and  then I   ,      ,    ,
game-hours: 268.1
review: GOOD GAME .... But the when the year beast is starting the laggs comes :( but still a very good game and no bugs so far.
game-hours: 2483.2
review: This is the people's game.
game-hours: 2698.3
review: this game is so good.wtf!
game-hours: 640.9
review: Such an EPIC game!
game-hours: 523.2
review: best game
game-hours: 791.1
review: Half of my lyf
game-hours: 317.7
review: I love dota2
game-hours: 1281.8
review: nice game ever
game-hours: 66.8
review: TeamWork is numero uno!!
game-hours: 5.9
review: I bought riot points for this game and when I redemmed them through steam it got rejected
game-hours: 642.2
review: good stratergy game
game-hours: 0.5
review: I am a potato
game-hours: 270.4
review: this game is like a chess game its all about strategies and its very fun
game-hours: 219.1
review: Good game ;;)
game-hours: 1915.4
review: My life got destroyed after playing this game
game-hours: 485.8
review: im very proud im pro
game-hours: 1170.5
review: so very good game! never fails me to give me entertainment! Keep up the good work!
game-hours: 161.4
review: Good Game, But its hard to new
game-hours: 296.3
review: nice game!!!
game-hours: 2938.1
review: cool game ever
game-hours: 1775.9
review: Good Game
game-hours: 1503.0
review: well this game is way better than dota1.. been playing dota for almost 9 years now..
game-hours: 641.1
review: LoL is totes better
game-hours: 1759.5
review: <3
game-hours: 9.9
review: GOOD GAME !
game-hours: 2900.6
review: qweqwe
game-hours: 950.9
review: Amazing.
game-hours: 1445.7
review: worse game i ever played in my entire life s with friendship  ur life even gets u betting community full of russian and penoy s  this ing game piece of  10 out of mther ing 10 look at play time now  off
game-hours: 650.6
review: the game has many good items, its so much fun.
game-hours: 1243.2
review: You can't even handle my level of no-lifeing
game-hours: 261.1
review: i like this game.
game-hours: 492.1
review: i like dota 2 but i was scam so sad
game-hours: 784.4
review: I like this gameeeeeeeeee so much!
game-hours: 2.2
review: Way too much information overload for me. Confusing inerface, and half the time I don't know what's going on or what I am suppose to be doing. Did not enjoy this - and I'm afraid we cannot endorse this confusing fantasy.
game-hours: 601.8
review: Epic Game
game-hours: 970.0
review: I recommend this type of game. I really enjoyed it
game-hours: 1733.7
review: Perfect game
game-hours: 816.3
review: addict game for play
game-hours: 2859.0
review: dota dia e noite dotadota dota dota do ta
game-hours: 788.4
review: love it
game-hours: 650.4
review: nicw
game-hours: 0.2
review: the best moba
game-hours: 74.5
review: cool game i like it
game-hours: 224.4
review: Game is dope.
game-hours: 1133.8
review: I iz Pedro. Game iz el bueno, jaja!
game-hours: 688.7
review: The ending made me cry.
game-hours: 759.4
review: It's really cool, boil your mind!
game-hours: 5.0
review: game
game-hours: 9.3
review: i turned my pc on to check emails. Steam started on log on. I was just going to check emails. But then i thought i'd peek in dota's workshop to see if there was something new. It's been 3 days now. I don't remember what month we're in. My mother stopped calling me 5 matches ago but i think it's because my phone is dead now. I don' t know where the charger is. Heck, i don't even know where my phone is anymore... All i was going to do was check workshop... The pizza deliver guy now has the keys to my house. I think he brought a girl here yesterday... might have been a guy and i think him or his partner borrowed my tv. I would check but i don't want to leave the pc anymore. I can smell some crack and hear voices... i think there's people living in my living room... I closed my room door so i don't bother them. Hope they don't cut down the lights. If you read this, please tell mother i love Dota2
game-hours: 894.6
review: this is the best game that i ever played in my whole life.. valve if u kind hearted i'm dota 2 biggest fans.. if u willing giving me arcana.. any arcana i would love to accept it :))
game-hours: 789.4
review: dota 2
game-hours: 203.8
review: nice game. requires skills and time to master but once got a hang of it, addicting. reccommended
game-hours: 863.6
review: Great game
game-hours: 1699.1
review: Well where do I start with this game well Dota 2 involves a lot of communication you can't just run in and expect a kill when the enemy team is all around you . Learning your role will really help your team you can't win a game with 5 hard carrots and no one to support you . Now to get to the Russian part it's hard to play dota when your in a team and every one speaks different language one way to get pass that is use you communication wheel getting mad at them for not understanding you and you not understanding them is no reason for you to hate Russians . Yes I understand that you pick US east or west and there are people from Russia or ukrain on that same server you are on . Anyway if this is the first type of Moba I suggest you take your time to look at the settings and learn your controls before you just jump in to the 5v5 and make your team mad for feeding or not learning your role . It takes time to get use to the game just by the controls also you need to learn roles ,counters , and ganking . Dota 2 was my first Moba over all it's one of the best Moba's out there very challenging and fun if you learn and have friends to play with .
game-hours: 891.3
review: DIS GAME IS A GAME ?!
game-hours: 947.0
review: GREATEST GAME IN THE FACE OF THE UNIVERSE OR IN THE FACE OF ANYONE..... :D
game-hours: 882.9
review: no one cant stand to play Dota 2!
game-hours: 3263.0
review: the best game ever!!! ILOVEDOTA
game-hours: 553.8
review: Dota 2 is a outstanding game and is really fun 10/10 Would kill for it
game-hours: 1009.7
review: Choose life. Choose a job. Choose a career. Choose a family. Choose a ing big television, Choose washing machines, cars, compact disc players, and electrical tin can openers. Choose good health, low cholesterol and dental insurance. Choose fixed-interest mortgage repayments. Choose a starter home. Choose your friends. Choose leisure wear and matching luggage. Choose a three piece suite on hire purchase in a range of ing fabrics. Choose DIY and wondering who the  you are on a Sunday morning. Choose sitting on that couch watching mind-numbing spirit-crushing game shows, stuffing ing junk food into your mouth. Choose rotting away at the end of it all, pissing your last in a miserable home, nothing more than an embarrassment to the selfish, ed-up brats you have spawned to replace yourself. Choose your future. Choose life . . . But why would I want to do a thing like that? I chose not to choose life: I chose something else. And the reasons? There are no reasons. Who needs reasons when you've got Dota 2?
game-hours: 1958.5
review: it's ok
game-hours: 180.1
review: .
game-hours: 859.0
review: this is best online rpg ..
game-hours: 1649.5
review: cats
game-hours: 3713.8
review: awesome game!
game-hours: 0.1
review: Its a game.
game-hours: 1495.0
review: Good game strategy ever i play :3
game-hours: 852.3
review: Viciante > <
game-hours: 683.8
review: Really good game and if you're from Europe West you'll learn Russian so quickly!
game-hours: 693.4
review: i liked it :)
game-hours: 914.7
review: Amazing game, thats the best that i ever tryd, nice game mecanics, in online games, and in training mode (sorry for any error that i did, if i did that, but my english isnt the perfect :C)
game-hours: 2595.5
review: Amazing online strategy game. Even better with friends. This game has been my childhood since it was on Warcraft III and now that's its a standalone... Well, I couldn't recommend a better game...
game-hours: 806.4
review: If you have watched "Gurdians of the Galaxy", then do know this, Groot is available as a playable charater.
game-hours: 357.1
review: Good
game-hours: 1366.1
review: gg
game-hours: 1972.1
review: The game is free so yeah, what can you lose? It can be fun to play but it can be horrible sometimes. And yea that depends on a lot of things. Communication is the key and if u play casually you will find out that in most games no one speaks in your team. Just pinging and commands. Or they start speaking in some foreign language ( blyet) and that will not help at all. In the ranked games its a little bit better. The learning phase can be long but if you have some experiences with other mobas it wont be that tough. Basically the game itself has no problems if you ask me. The problem is with the community of the game.
game-hours: 51.9
review: 10/.2104
game-hours: 796.4
review: Dota2 is the only game that is not a pay to win game.
game-hours: 1084.3
review: Dota 2 is great and is addictive! I recommended for most of the Gamers! Graphics is Great, Audio is Total Epic! And the Control is totally easy! 6/1/2015 Edit: Language Learning Simulator. I learned 2 language from it and its free :D 17/2/2015 Edit: Happy new year! And also, Religion learning simulator. Learned about Philippines/Russian history. 11/11 would be learning about other religion again!
game-hours: 412.8
review: hhhh
game-hours: 5511.4
review: learn how to be as a team, help each others,
game-hours: 342.4
review: Good game for everyone
game-hours: 1947.0
review: Best game eu, ban russia plz
game-hours: 2222.0
review: A good game to play on a day you dont have much to do. Good graphics and the improvements from previous versions is becoming better.
game-hours: 1720.7
review: Ruined my eyesight. 11/10 would play again. :)
game-hours: 814.7
review: LOVE IT
game-hours: 1162.3
review: game
game-hours: 1782.0
review: i love dota becuase dota helps me find many good friends :))
game-hours: 1122.8
review: This game is both really sick and really addictive ! 10/10 rated !
game-hours: 859.4
review: play more
game-hours: 1085.7
review: it so awesome
game-hours: 436.4
review: Dota 2 better create new heroes for new feel.
game-hours: 1788.9
review: EZ GAME MAN 10/10 would download this
game-hours: 927.9
review: This game will cause racism and many other forms of bigotry, domestic violence, bipolar disorder, clinical depression, STDs, autism, and will generally ruin your life.
game-hours: 1104.7
review: yeah, absolutely!!!
game-hours: 1873.3
review: nice
game-hours: 1535.8
review: great game
game-hours: 1390.3
review: the best game ever made
game-hours: 410.2
review: Learn Russian in seconds. 10/10
game-hours: 114.5
review: where am i, who am i doing. it is the new heroine game from the valve. blast through odd enemies in this fantstic GunGame spinoff from counter strike, running on the counter stroke engine. see if you can become the best one in of all of them here, but buy the items. it's all good gravy. my absolute favourite doom .WAD and i've played em all!
game-hours: 1310.9
review: noob team
game-hours: 996.4
review: dota2 is very cool
game-hours: 2915.2
review: good game !
game-hours: 71.1
review: 0/10 would play again -ign 2014 no rly this game sucks gg league of legends > dota 2
game-hours: 176.6
review: i love this game..but,why so many updates??
game-hours: 2383.3
review: BEWERE! AIDS EVERYWHERE!
game-hours: 2861.4
review: Matchmaking sucks and everybody's a tryhard nerd. Every game is played like the paraplegic TI3 with no fun allowed; if you have fun you're probably in wood tier 10/10 game would play
game-hours: 2327.6
review: -
game-hours: 1148.3
review: Hi, this game is just awesome. I play DotA I since 2007 so a really like this game. Ofc i had early game access so i be with this game from beginning. This is just awesome game and i really recommend it. And what i dislike? First one is possibility for russians to connect at servers where normal people play this game and second is LoL players. Hate them so mutch because they ruined games.
game-hours: 2975.9
review: This is amazing game i really enjoy every day to play it
game-hours: 1034.0
review: AMAZING GAME! 100% free to play and no pay-to-win. Community is iffy at the beigginer level but improves as the game goes on.
game-hours: 2063.2
review: This is an awesome game, and of course is better then The League of Legends :)
game-hours: 864.1
review: Great game. beware though; WILL STEAL YOUR SOUL ALONG WITH ALL OF YOUR TIME. 10/10 though!
game-hours: 159.8
review: Better than League of Legends in alot of aspects.
game-hours: 1362.2
review: This is the best game ever, please play
game-hours: 725.3
review: Russians and Peruvians scare me ;-;
game-hours: 928.4
review: Addictive game in the right scenarios. I dont recomend playing solo as you will get nothing but peopel who dont speak english and throw the game away by dieing repeatedly. Ive put over 400 hours into the game and the constant spanish and people leaving games makes it almost unplayable. I'm seriously considering quitting
game-hours: 329.3
review: This game is Awesome and i never played a better game then this game
game-hours: 1277.6
review: Harsh pub communities make this games less enjoyable, but if you have some friends it can be addictive. It's free so try it!
game-hours: 2.8
review: you dont Dot a 2
game-hours: 663.2
review: good
game-hours: 754.3
review: nice
game-hours: 1774.2
review: MAKES ME FAP
game-hours: 25.2
review: awesome  happen :D
game-hours: 1134.5
review: ^^v
game-hours: 452.5
review: Well
game-hours: 335.1
review: I LIKE THIS GAME :) !
game-hours: 1385.8
review: good day
game-hours: 3356.2
review: Dota 2 is really complex strategy game. There are always a counter for your hero and strategy; and some heroes also has a steep learning curves. But this kind of complexity is what I enjoy the most because winning and having a good match would be rewarding. No pay-to-win (except for some special event matches, which you can ignore if you want), and basically it really depends on your skills and knowledge to win the game. Beyond the gaming aspect, I really love how Dota 2 supports the development of e-Sports industry. I think in digital era like now, gaming should not be regarded only for time-killer but also a money-earning way. I really love how Dota develop their Watch-in-game tournaments and live match, commentator and spectators system, and so on. The gaming community also amazing in terms of developing Dota 2 as an gaming industry. The only downside for Dota 2 is the awful and harsh player community in most games recently. I found a lot of respectful and friendly players during the early access (beta) stage. But after it officially released, a lot of new players coming and sadly more people do the trash-talk in game. Not all the guys are bad thou. If you are new, go find some nice and pro pub player in twitch and learn from them; be patience and learn small numbers of heroes first.
game-hours: 847.7
review: nice
game-hours: 372.1
review: good game ~
game-hours: 338.6
review: Hello guys. It's game are very fun=) Yesh this game have a lot of children when can't control himself, but team play in this game playing very big role =) Go play in Dota 2 tohether?:d2invoker:
game-hours: 1460.8
review: Dota 2 for guys who give up girlfriends for games.
game-hours: 638.1
review: AMAZING GAME G.G.W.P
game-hours: 1133.3
review: good gaming!
game-hours: 751.0
review: it consumes your very soul, 10/10
game-hours: 112.1
review: !
game-hours: 1779.4
review: Report Player Simulator 2014
game-hours: 3873.8
review: Sabijam igru.
game-hours: 19.4
review: Update simulator 2015
game-hours: 136.4
review: The one. the only. the best. a real hardcore MOBA that will put your skills to test. can you handle it? can you finish a game and not fail horribly? because I don't.
game-hours: 2625.8
review: Really love playing this game !
game-hours: 786.3
review: Nice
game-hours: 192.1
review: If you want to learn foreign languages this is the right game for you. :D I've learned 4 different languages within a week thanks to public gamers. Where would i have been withouth them
game-hours: 785.5
review: Gr8 game m8 volvo plz
game-hours: 938.9
review: Best Game EVER!!! LOVE THIS GAME
game-hours: 2552.5
review: i love dota2
game-hours: 703.3
review: nice
game-hours: 403.8
review: If you liked Dota you'd like Dota 2 If you like MOBA's in general then you'll love Dota 2
game-hours: 1199.0
review: =)
game-hours: 474.4
review: Best!
game-hours: 3730.8
review: i like it =)
game-hours: 911.3
review: 10/10 best game i have ever perfect recreation of the first dota game
game-hours: 553.2
review: good moba :D
game-hours: 1118.1
review: :)
game-hours: 596.8
review: amazing game
game-hours: 2792.6
review: best game on steam :)
game-hours: 588.9
review: DOTA 2 IS THE BEST :D
game-hours: 622.9
review: very amazing game best ever made
game-hours: 3820.7
review: doto
game-hours: 83.6
review: Spend 40 minutes in a game to buy a +300 damage item Get killed and lose the game 10/10
game-hours: 6972.9
review: ..............
game-hours: 2013.7
review: really nice game
game-hours: 1498.1
review: Best multiplayer game I ever played, very skill rewarding. VERY steep learning curve, but once you get past it, it's the most rewarding game ever.
game-hours: 1979.3
review: This game is not the kind of game you play for fun. It will ruin your friendship with those you play with and is highly competitive. Bring your A game or stay the f&^# out
game-hours: 344.5
review: ,      , , ,  :3
game-hours: 456.6
review: click on enemy kill enemy get money 10/10 GOTY
game-hours: 961.6
review: This Witch Doctor won't get out of mid lane and is just yelling at me in spanish. 10/10
game-hours: 18.4
review: PLAY THIS. This game is really addicting when you master it. I use to play the original Dota on Warcraft 3, so I'm kinda good at the game. It can take a while to learn how to play, but is ultimately fun. I find it hard to find games but that's ok. I give this game a 9/10!
game-hours: 4.2
review: They say 2 is better than 101 I say Dota 2 is better than LoL
game-hours: 467.6
review: yeah (y)
game-hours: 365.0
review: Dota is more than a game. Dota is not like any other MOBA. Dota is not a distraction. It is life. It will become your lifestyle. And it WILL consume you. Thoroughly entertaining, frustrating, maddening, life-consuming. Tried to quit DotA 2 many, many times. I always keep crawling back. There's no escape from the trench. You just have to accept and become the trench.
game-hours: 1893.4
review: da best la bro
game-hours: 221.4
review: Very Good Game
game-hours: 469.3
review: good
game-hours: 228.4
review: best game....
game-hours: 1079.7
review: very challenging game, don't reccomend unless you really want to get into it, which i defidently have!
game-hours: 532.8
review: :D Awesome Game ~
game-hours: 271.8
review: aa
game-hours: 1282.0
review: dota 2 make me feel free
game-hours: 480.5
review: GG
game-hours: 1976.5
review: Hat simulator 2013
game-hours: 1441.7
review: I like Dota 2
game-hours: 325.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 691.4
review: This is a very nice game, fun to play. Better with friend's of course, like all multiplayer games are. Recomend everyone to play it. But be sure to practice before playing it.
game-hours: 1032.8
review: lol
game-hours: 797.8
review: Good game
game-hours: 1405.4
review: dota is the best
game-hours: 6.0
review: Cada um tem um estilo de jogo favorito, MOBA no  o meu
game-hours: 570.9
review: Dota Dota Dota !!!
game-hours: 1475.4
review: nice game and strategy :D
game-hours: 6.4
review: love <3
game-hours: 2540.5
review: nice but a lot of scams and hacks
game-hours: 326.2
review: ^_^
game-hours: 227.2
review: tweet, tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet. tweet tweet... tweet. :3 hehehe yesh.
game-hours: 1396.3
review: this game brings hard addiction. just dont start playing it!!
game-hours: 1438.6
review: :3
game-hours: 4175.7
review: Best game ever. 5/5
game-hours: 5837.4
review: u r my 2nd love
game-hours: 802.6
review: Nice game
game-hours: 11.1
review: Latest in torture devices from Hell , DOTA 2 !! Want to have fun? Rejected. Want to learn a new language? Yeah,you can do that. (But only Russian) #Orignalmemes2k11
game-hours: 1070.5
review: i like this game
game-hours: 284.3
review: Dota 2 promises to take the unique blend of online RTS and RPG action that has made Dota popular with tens of millions of gamers and expand upon it in every way. This is a competitive MOBA game of action and strategy, played both professionally and casually by millions of passionate fans worldwide. Players pick from a pool of over a hundred heroes, forming two teams of five characters. Radiant heroes then battle their Dire counterparts to control a fantasy landscape, waging campaigns of cunning, stealth, and outright warfare.
game-hours: 1246.5
review: this is such a freakin' nice game in ma life
game-hours: 656.1
review: Is very awesome, time consuming and addictive :P
game-hours: 58.5
review: all the way
game-hours: 3218.1
review: good game
game-hours: 508.8
review: be carefull! this game can cause an addiction!!!
game-hours: 120.4
review: i love the strategy and the fact that in the match dtere exists a clock.... with day and night.... i love items.. i love all at this game
game-hours: 691.0
review: Awesome MOBA and better item mechanics this time around rare items on a rare rate drop basis.
game-hours: 488.8
review: Awesome fun for eveyone who is sick of WoW
game-hours: 1582.4
review: BEST GAME EVAR
game-hours: 418.2
review: A great moba. not the original, but good
game-hours: 852.7
review: Fix Keeper of Light's blinding light skill. It makes heroes miss even with mkb in invent. And dota crashes sometimes during beast brawls. This causes 1 fail prediciton in the gem(if any) and a loss. Ty. GG.
game-hours: 49.8
review: Nice game!
game-hours: 286.5
review: Dota is a competitive game of action and strategy, played both professionally and casually by millions of passionate fans worldwide.
game-hours: 870.4
review: best team game ever
game-hours: 832.7
review: No one likes Russians. Get off Europe West.
game-hours: 1190.1
review: I love when I join a US west server thats filled with people that only speak Russian, and getting yelled at because I don't charge in 1v5 against the entire enemy team. 10/10 Easy to learn with a warm community that will NOT jump on every slight mistake you make in a game :)
game-hours: 2222.7
review: Stress inducing but ultimatively rewarding.
game-hours: 649.5
review: this game is gr8 it involves high skill in feeding figuring out different ways to killsteal my favorite pressing R as zues creating different senarios where you can never relie on your teammates to help and it is also educational it teaches you the beautiful language of the motherland here are some quotes from some of my teammates f*ck you noob-    why you so noob-    Noob sh*t head-   feeder f*ckwit-    in conclusion gaem iz gr8 8/8 m8 :)
game-hours: 557.6
review: This Is The Most Played Game On Steam Im Happy How Dota 2 Turned Out Some Dota 2 Haters Wont Understand The Joy Of Most Dota Players When They Play This Game Some Say Its Crappy But Some Say Its Good Well People Have Different Game Taste :) But Yeah I Love It.
game-hours: 4330.4
review: Very Nice Game for fun play with your friends =)
game-hours: 1903.5
review: makes you so mad that you won't talk to your friends after losing a match. definitely recommended for MOBA players
game-hours: 708.3
review: i like this because i like it
game-hours: 1640.3
review: THIS GAME IS THE GAME WHICH I WANTED ALWAYS
game-hours: 894.9
review: nice
game-hours: 767.8
review: An awesome game for those who have little time to play everyday to play. The game keeps on evolving and becoming better an better. It has a talented community that is willing to put an effort to make the game better for them and also make some money out of it. All in all next game for those who a good internet connection and above average computer specs and dont want to spend money.
game-hours: 505.1
review: nice game since DoTA 1, and GabeN make me wanna buy steam wallet every time. prise to the lord GabeN
game-hours: 753.5
review: Dota 2 is awesome!!! pls come up with viper's set..plz.. thank you
game-hours: 1599.4
review: i love dota 2!
game-hours: 3924.0
review: nice
game-hours: 856.5
review: wel played
game-hours: 1469.3
review: i love this game , this shows your individual skills but you cant win by yourself you need your teamates, its not 1v5 it 5v5 clash of teams.. NOTE: it will ruin your life but it can make you happy and satisfy youre satisfaction! :) GLHF
game-hours: 616.7
review: BEST GAME IN THE WOLD!
game-hours: 1525.9
review: gud game
game-hours: 919.7
review: Hard but worth getting into
game-hours: 2523.2
review: Positive dota 2 things: - graphic Negative dota 2 things: - no regionlock - game offers you possibility to "choose server and leanguage" but this is a lie. Every one serv, no metter do it is US, EU, or any other is full of RUSSIANS speaking only in RUSSIAN leanguage. Game is unplayable for solo players, who are always matchmaked with russians, peruvians, or others who dont use english even if they pick so. - forced elo hell - Dota 2 have worst ranking system in MOBA's world. All newbies dont start at 0 mmr or something but they get very high MMR at the beginning - what does this mean? That mean that even if You are playing 3 years in dota You will be forced to play with total newbies in RANKED GAMES. I know, hard to belive, but this is how it goes here. - epic fail report system - You can report anyone for anything, and nobody check this. There was many times, when people who had chat muted has beeen reported for insults, etc, and they was punished by system and goes to low prio pool. 9/10 matches you will be playing in full russian team in solo queue and 5/10 times they will report You because You are not russian. Dota 2 make this real. - Scamm - Dota 2 is full of scammers, sharks, etc, and DOTA 2 GIVE NO SUPPORT FOR VICTIMS OF SHARKING OR SCAMM. DOTA2LOUNGE IS BIGGEST SCAMM WEBSIDE AND COOPERATE WITH VALVE COMPANY ALL THE TIME. SICK BUT REAL. - unstable servers - every single event story goes round. A lot of crashes, disconnections, and bugs. Worst thing is that if game disconnect You because of unstable Valve servers You gonna get LEAVER status and you are out of normal playing (low prio). - sick community market. If You will buy something in dota 2 shop for about (for example) 2,99 euro, next day Your items gonna be sold for 0,05-0,1 eu at community market. There is no reason to buy anything in this game, but even when You will buy something You gonna regret that soon. - steam forums. Official place for dota 2 community are steam forums. This is worst place in web, leaded by VOLOUNTEER MODERATORS. They simpple shut down every topic against dota sick rules, and every trolled topic. For example: You will create topic: "Newbie looking for team", and after 2 days there gonna be offtop answer in Your topic. VOLOUNTEER MODERATORS will not warn, or punish offtopers, oh no. They will CLOSE YOUR TOPIC, because someone else will troll Your thread. Next sick thing about this "place" - 0 support - I was supporting this game for about 3 years (from closed beta). I bought many items, packs and boosts , but when once i was unhappy, because at the time of diretide bugs wasted my 2,29 eu boost VALVE COMPANY DIDNT WANTED TO REFUND BOOST. In the fact support didnt answered at all on my ticket. Next time when my account was hijacked and someone stolen courier from my inventory steam support didnt helped me too. At the present day i am fighting for a refund for item bought for event. Overall: Valve Company is worst of all for me, they have 0 honour, and have 0 respect for players in mine opinion after 3 years of supporting them. If You need any help support simple ignoring You. So generally if You want to have fun You will not find any fun in this game. This game was created by other company, and they did very great job. Now game is in the hand of Valve company and this is it biggest failure. Valve company is in the fact very bad company, they dont listen players, they dont do what players want, they all the time experimenting using us, and our money. Game is very laggy and crashable, but You will never get any compensate for wasted boosts or something of a kind, if this was Valve fault. I am saying again - this company is crap, who have 0 honour and 0 respect for players. You gonna play 2 years trying to get to higher MMR pool, but You will only TRY. Elo hell is forced, and solo queue is alway full of RUSSIANS on EVERY SERVER who will feed all the time and in the end they WILL REPORT YOU FOR NOTHING and You will be forced to play in low prio pool. When You will create a new - SMURF account - You gonna get 2x higher mmr than You have on Your main account in 1-2 weeks. This is incredible bad. I like graphic style f this game, but everything else is extremly failed. GAME IS HIGHLY ADDICTIVE. I SUGGEST TO AVOID IT BECAUSE YOU CAN FIND MUCH BETTER GRAPHIC IN MANY OTHER PRODUCTIONS. AND THERE IS NO OTHER GAME FORCING YOU TO PLAY WITH RUSSIANS WHEN YOU PICK TO PLAY WITH ENGLISH SPEAKING PEOPLE. REGARDS. Sry for my grammar, i am not from England.
game-hours: 1235.8
review: I played a little.
game-hours: 998.9
review: GG game
game-hours: 1151.4
review: mute chat and it's a cool game
game-hours: 2003.2
review: 10/10 learned a new language
game-hours: 408.3
review: NICE
game-hours: 404.5
review: Perfectly balanced game that has a really deep mechanics. The only downside is the community tho. Gotta play the bot match a lot and followed the beginner guide if you're new to this game otherwise you'll just get slapped in the face by your enemy or even your own team. I'd suggest always bring your friends whenever possible not because playin solo is bad but you'll need every teamwork to win in dota 2. Sometimes you'll meet ignorant people who can't/doesnt want to speak english even when you set your language preference to english and having someone in your team who has a  tendency for being a n00b (there's difference between newb and n00b) that has an egoistic attitude or doesnt want to cooperate with you/your team or just simply flaming his/her own team for such a simple mistake but he/she doesnt want to learn from his/her own mistake. The bottom line is when you bring your friend in dota 2 even there's only 1 you'll cut down atleast half of the problem that i mentioned above and having much more fun !
game-hours: 770.6
review: the best game for me in my life
game-hours: 510.5
review: Much funs to be had.
game-hours: 136.2
review: this is good game i am from georgia and my georgian friends end i play this game :*
game-hours: 985.5
review: knownig friends in other country and encountering GOOD and a "SCAMMER" people :(
game-hours: 1548.9
review: I've been playing dota since I was 12. now I'm 16 years. and yes I still play dota (now dota 2) dota is worth for your time. . . . . even though I'm not good, but I'm very, very happy to play dota 2. 1,468 hours ++ since 2013 and yeah you can call me newbie
game-hours: 2312.1
review: Best Moba available to date
game-hours: 2997.8
review: game ampasan dan pergoblokan .
game-hours: 697.4
review: pro game that i ever played... full of strategy, passion, and many more.. we can find someone who lives on different country, we can be friend even our country got some trouble to the each other...awesome
game-hours: 1123.0
review: best game ever !!!
game-hours: 2.4
review: awesomenauts
game-hours: 905.9
review: I really enjoy dota 2 as it's a fun game that can be enjoyed if you want to play on your own aswell as enjoyed in partys of up to 5. I would recomded this game to anyone getting into moba s as when dota 2 has a greater learning curve than LoL (I enjoy LoL) so if you decided to also play LoL aswell you will have a much easier time getting to terms with controls.
game-hours: 3063.7
review: I love everything about Dota2. This game has become my life.
game-hours: 689.3
review: i beed playing this game for like 2-3 years. and since then i cant stop playing it. lol
game-hours: 248.1
review: Waah
game-hours: 487.6
review: yeah
game-hours: 154.9
review: I think Dota 2 is a pretty cool guy. Eh destroys anceints and doesnt afraid of anything.
game-hours: 1866.6
review: damn good .
game-hours: 1552.3
review: Better than buying Rosetta Stone
game-hours: 1448.0
review: good
game-hours: 1581.6
review: I recommend every gamers to play this game, because this is really awesome and so much fun !
game-hours: 1295.5
review: Totally awesome!
game-hours: 1279.1
review: Dota 2 is a strategy game that needs brain power and at the same time keyboard skills lol but right now i'm pretty sure dota is created for fun but things have gone too far like betting those kind of stuffs and etc. but if you're willing to enter this comepettitive world then you're on.
game-hours: 687.9
review: amazing game
game-hours: 1030.8
review: Best game
game-hours: 2115.6
review: berasa gak pernah pengen delete ni game... recommended wae lah
game-hours: 1237.3
review: Best Game on Steam =D
game-hours: 3195.3
review: MOBA's haven't been my thing really. Before I loved MMORPG's with a passion, until a friend of mine introduced DOTA. And well it was worth my time, I have been hooked ever since. I may have stopped for a while, but eventually you'll come back to the game regardless of how good your current game is. 10/10
game-hours: 1348.7
review: gg wp
game-hours: 1668.3
review: !
game-hours: 470.9
review: Very NICE game...
game-hours: 132.3
review: good game
game-hours: 4293.6
review: GGWP DOTA 2 is more than game :)
game-hours: 1439.0
review: i promise this is game no.1 in world :3
game-hours: 1217.2
review: since I was a fan of warcraft 3 and warcraft 3 frozen throne I am also a fan of dota 2, kinda feel like the heroes were prety much coppied from those games, not all but still more then I would like, but that just means that I get to play them in a much bigger game :) 9/10
game-hours: 577.6
review: love it
game-hours: 824.4
review: awesome!
game-hours: 601.8
review: WATCH iT FOR GOOD
game-hours: 654.4
review: Nice game
game-hours: 855.3
review: <3
game-hours: 1424.1
review: Highly recommended.
game-hours: 408.2
review: Nice game~!
game-hours: 1871.3
review: It's been almost 6 years now since i was introduced to Dota. Dota is a game that i can play without getting bored just because there are over a hundred heroes to try out and to master. Until now i still have not mastered all of them. Dota is a very strategy dependent game, it requires quite a lot of logic and quick reaction. Playing with friends in a match making system as a team of 5 or creating a custom game where you can play 5vs5 with your friends are both addictive. I was so excited when Dota2 finally came out as i was a big fan of Dota originally. So far i have been experiencing the magical world of Dota2. The only problem i seem to have is i can never find enough people to fill up the 4th or the 5th slot when finding a match because people are just so busy nowadays. I therefore strongly encourage you guys to play Dota2. It is free to play and especialy fun to play with friends. So why don't you download it now?! (PL: Don't worry beginners, Dota2 provides you with a lot of training before the war commence!)
game-hours: 1413.8
review: wee!
game-hours: 919.4
review: i got this game about a week ago and i played it heavily everyday because it really is a amazing game but when a new update came out i tried to download it just lik the ones befor that i had no problem with but this time for some reason it just would not download and i tried EVERYTHING for about 4 days now and im really disapointed because i can no longer play the game because dota 2 will not update. if anybody has any clue why or any way to help me please let me know thanks
game-hours: 1855.8
review: good game
game-hours: 2376.2
review: Im Just Testing This game
game-hours: 255.1
review: Dota 2 is a competitive game.. It's a hard game but once you get used to it, you can't leave your PC!
game-hours: 3206.7
review: Causes anxiety problems, low self esteem, Tourette's syndrome, mood swings, Bipolar disorder, breakdown of relationships, raging erections, racism. Would definitely recommend.
game-hours: 854.2
review: good game :)
game-hours: 373.0
review: Very good game if you want to learn/practice  swear words.
game-hours: 841.1
review: NICE AND COOL
game-hours: 1629.7
review: bla bla
game-hours: 86.7
review: 1 map plays like cricket
game-hours: 1146.4
review: If you love stratedgy and have the carisma and charm to manage pub team who has no clue what they're doing this is probably a great game for you. If you play this game alone you will most probably suffer a long chain losses until someone decent at the game takes pity on you and invites you to their group, or you beg them to join yours. All Noobs are not created equal, this game requires fast reflexes, attention to detail and mutlitasking. If suck at using a mouse and keyboard, don't even bother with this game, go back to COD or BF.
game-hours: 1848.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 726.1
review: COOL
game-hours: 3686.1
review: i bad recomend this game
game-hours: 2003.5
review: Like
game-hours: 1175.4
review: recommended
game-hours: 705.6
review: nice :D
game-hours: 1646.7
review: Dota Ruined me. I hate the game but keep playing it.
game-hours: 1234.5
review: Very Nice Game
game-hours: 416.2
review: GET SOME FRIENDS TO PLAY THIS GAME!!! I hate russians... But now its deeper and personal. It is really annoying to play with Axe,Zeus,PA every ing game! When I pick not mainstream hero and want to go off. or jungle the common answer: " Blyat".... Thats what you can register from their language... But it is awesome when you find someone who plays normal or hate russians as you! Also love Darude Sandstorm warm-up and in-game Sandstorm! Also sandking is one of my favourite hero! Gonna make it 1000 hours! Worth playing! Multilanguage game!
game-hours: 1156.7
review: Decent
game-hours: 75.1
review: do what people say or you get hated fix your internet or you play with russians
game-hours: 273.2
review: HARD GAME
game-hours: 711.6
review: Game is hard Girls don't play Dota. stop feedin pliss
game-hours: 722.9
review: This game is the most popular game so far in the whole world... but i do have some dislikes about it too, the way you have to lose a game is just dissapointing and weakens your morale but anyhow it also boosts your teamwork and cooperation towards your friends and makes you a stronger team so far this game is the greatest game there is
game-hours: 1627.4
review: Perfection
game-hours: 376.5
review: Most frustratingly addictive game I know of
game-hours: 2493.4
review: Epic game
game-hours: 156.9
review: 111
game-hours: 29.4
review: Awesome! ;D
game-hours: 118.5
review: Great Game!!
game-hours: 1591.3
review: adasasdsadsa
game-hours: 862.0
review: Really love this game !
game-hours: 772.1
review: I love this game
game-hours: 734.5
review: keep calm and play dota 2
game-hours: 486.9
review: lkz lkz ko !
game-hours: 43.0
review: It's like a moba game for casuals
game-hours: 243.2
review: Russian/Hispanic Hate Simulator 2013 I love being called a feeder and getting stuck in situations where my entire teams abandoned me because the other team scored first blood. The report system is amazing, you can report someone for jackshit and now Valve made it so they actually get punished for doing jackshit. Also low priority is amazing, you have to be commited to a 1+ Hour match and have to stay, even if the enemy team is mowing through your towers and your team ragequitted, you have to stay cause YOU have honor. Also, like any other Valve title, it has customization and dumbass trading community. Because as we know, Valve makes it's money off of transactions, they aren't going to release new games cause why? They make more money selling virtual keys, that is why! Also they sell you virtual autographs from l33t mlg dota 2 players on your virtual items, which you have to pay more for. Also, there is the huge fanboy war against League of Legends, despite the fact Dota 2 came first, LoL fanboys call dota 2 a ripoff. Dota 2 fanboys say who LoL has no skill and is for scrubs despite the fact LoL has 4x the players. HEROES OF NEWERTH FOR LIFE Just kidding, I don't know what the  heroes of newerth is We have some amazing classes, like this sniper guy with insane dps everyone calls a noob hero, this butcher meat guy everyone rages at, and this clone guy which everyone says is reserved only for the most l33t players. Also Techies, which people have been ing against ever since he was released. Valve also made a movi- er "documentary" on the lives of select l33t players, and how they struggle and need to earn cash by playing a video game instead of getting real jobs. 12/10 feeds would be called a hacker again for playing Riki, cause don't buy sentry wards, that is stupid, I need that 200 gold to buy me a mundane item that shouldn't even be equipped by my hero. How to ACTUALLY enjoy the game 1. Treat it like a game 2. Play with friends The BOT matches are ironically better then regular matches, then there are comp matches where from then on you are judged by your mmr, not your skill. Your MMR shows how l33t you are and how many games you have been carried by someone who is actually good at the game/times you played Riki. You have to go through hell to get to comp, but it is slightly better than regular matchmaking. SLIGHTLY... All Pick is overrated, LEAST PLAYED FOR LIFE.
game-hours: 2726.5
review: this is the most good game ever
game-hours: 2726.5
review: this is the most good game ever
game-hours: 927.7
review: AMAZING
game-hours: 217.6
review: This is one of the best games ever. I've been playing thi since DotA 1 came out in 2005. Nice game balances and item sets for heroes. I'm new to this steam thinggy but I've experienced enough DotA to say that this game rocks!
game-hours: 2104.5
review: Play this so ur life will be full
game-hours: 1081.7
review: How do I jump?
game-hours: 846.4
review: Well, this in number 1 for a reason, thats all I'll say. Thanks Gabe!
game-hours: 319.6
review: best game ever.
game-hours: 563.4
review: nice
game-hours: 347.1
review: Don't even get me started. BEST GAME EVER! BEST MOBA! One dota a day, keeps the girlfriend away. Play and you will never stop playing!
game-hours: 346.5
review: If u want to play good MOB ,play DotA 2(i think better than LoL) :) I love heroes from Warcraft III & they are in DotA 2 :) Wanna play with me PM :) Im noob :) only 100+hours
game-hours: 1124.6
review: year beast almost done. y bundles can only be gift once and not for trade.
game-hours: 3940.8
review: Ruined my life!!! 10 out of 10!!!!
game-hours: 497.7
review: this game is good, u can learn many languege in this game
game-hours: 425.6
review: <3
game-hours: 4761.8
review: Ah, dota. My favourite game since the old wc3 days of old. It's awesome! No game is ever the same. You will laugh like a madman at times and sometimes rage like a twelve year, but it's all part of the joy that is dota. If you're new to the game I highly recommend that you turn of chat due to the excessive flaming of newbie players or grow a pair. Now comes the fun part. Over a hundred heroes to choose from and all with different skills. And you must learn what each and everyone of them can do or else comes the flameparade. You will learn various cursewords from a number of languages. Mostly russian and spanish but if you aren't skilled in english you will probably learn a few new ones. But stay strong, read up on skillbuilds, watch progames and learn what each of the heroes contributes to the game. Carry, support, offlaner, roamer etc.. When you get you mmr and ofc now that you've played over 60 games and got to lvl 13 you aren't a noob anymore so you rage at the valve mmr. Why volvo WHY?! Then you know you're a dotaplayer. :P
game-hours: 0.2
review: yea
game-hours: 490.4
review: safhksdgmas
game-hours: 1079.1
review: yes
game-hours: 2374.6
review: This is awesome!
game-hours: 1201.2
review: This game is like a pie with lava. U love this game cuz it's funny, u can do real  in this game and have fun. But that "Lava"= stupid kids,  and mothereaters, they spoil my game all the time, i lost 1,7k MMR because they were in my team. So this game is the best in MOBA series. I recomend it. VOLVO FIX RIKI!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 266.0
review: V1ncent.!
game-hours: 360.6
review: good
game-hours: 267.7
review: Team spirit, friendships, leadership, competition. A game that really worth it!
game-hours: 537.9
review: dota 2 is just a simple word but interesting
game-hours: 731.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 1064.7
review: best game to reduce stress :D
game-hours: 638.3
review: xx
game-hours: 2863.5
review: Best strategi game
game-hours: 1830.1
review: Best game ever, once you've started with DOTA you can't quit =)
game-hours: 2507.5
review: i recommend this game as it is fun complex and highly adicting!
game-hours: 396.9
review: League of Legends sucks big donkey balls
game-hours: 744.8
review: rrgtbbrgsergrg sergses rthr rhrth
game-hours: 551.7
review: nice
game-hours: 196.7
review: Theres an adage that the Dota 2 community often quotes when someone identifies themselves as a new player. Welcome to Dota 2! They say, with open arms, before concluding with, You suck. They're not wrong: for the first dozen hours or so, you'll be bombarded with too much information and an often unforgiving community of extremely competitive players. But if you persevere, Dota 2 becomes one of the most rewarding and tense team-based multiplayer experiences anywhere in gaming. It's an achievement owed to uncompromising depth, a ridiculously generous free-to-play model, and the great features developer Valve has built up around it. Valve's artists deserve praise for a crisp and readable style that, after some practice, makes it possible to tell what's going on even in a massive brawl where both teams of five colorful fantasy characters collide and cast spells at once. However, credit for the intimidatingly complex design of Dota 2 belongs to the original Defense of the Ancients mod (known as DOTA) for Warcraft III, which kicked off the MOBA genre. Valve (after hiring on DOTA's key developers) has copied that formula almost to the letter, and as a result Dota 2 has become notorious even among its MOBA peers for its difficulty  and thats totally justified. Its a double-edged sword that leads to both a terrifying introduction and a world-class competitive game at the highest levels. As such, you should not expect to have fun your first day playing... or even your first week. That sounds like a cardinal sin of gaming, but theres method to this madness. In short, Dota 2 is a deeply layered construct of systems, and to survive you need to understand every single one and how they interact with one another. Everything from learning to work as a member of a coordinated team to the counter-intuitive practice of killing your own AI units to deny the enemy experience points and gold theyd get from doing it themselves, and understanding the effects of hundreds of complex abilities like Bloodseekers Rupture (which deals huge damage with every step you take) is a big barrier to entry. Even figuring out which of the 102 heroes (and counting) fits you best is a time-consuming challenge. Initially, youre thrown into the deep end to flounder, trying out any hero that makes the slightest bit of sense. The selection is bewildering: playing as Riki with his permanent invisibility from level 6 on is an obvious choice, as it's hard to kill what you can't see. Drow Ranger, perhaps, with her obscene damage the instant she unlocks her "ultimate" ability at level 6, and her slowing Ice Arrows that enable both escapes and setting up a kill. On the more complex end of the spectrum you have choices like the armour-manipulating Templar Assassin, or the incredibly mobile Storm Spirit, who can dart around the battlefield and avoid damage by simply not being in the wrong place at the wrong time. On top of that there are well over 100 items to choose from within each game, each with their own ways of manipulating and enhancing your stats and suite of active abilities. Your learning has just begun when you've settled on what roles, heroes, and builds suit you best  you also have to adapt based on what other players choose. If the other team plays a Riki, you need to compensate with an emphasis on detection. Go up against Bloodseeker and his hideously powerful Rupture will force you to carry around a Town Portal Scroll to get home in a hurry. To grasp the subtleties of how heroes interact and fight you have to do more homework on the different kinds of damage and how theyre mitigated; how to prevent one type of spell from affecting you, and when you use that countermeasure; how the different kinds of aggro work, and when you need to manipulate them; the timers (which aren't made visible), and how to optimise your play around them. Even after all that, to avoid being caught at a disadvantage you must be taught the nuanced techniques that can make or break games, which Dota 2 seems to almost belligerently hide from new players. Tricks like pulling a group of neutral monsters out of their home so that a new group can spawn to effectively double the rewards are never hinted at. This forced me to read and educate my outside of Dota 2, which had the positive effect of introducing me to the player community and making me feel like a part of it. It's almost like an oral tradition that binds together a tribe. This is a balancing system that could only exist in a game where everybody has access to all heroes, and Valve wisely obliges. All of Dota 2, including its growing cast of 102 characters, is available from the moment you complete the all-too-brief tutorial. And that delicate system can only survive if the items for sale have zero effect on gameplay. Again, Valve has come through. Only cosmetic enhancements, almost all of which are created by the community and held to a very high standard, and tournament goodies (such as tickets for viewing live events) are for sale. Theres not a single paid advantage that could have the slightest impact on the in-game balance, and thats an amazing situation unrivalled among Dota 2s closest competition. Pretty much everything I've praised Dota 2 for, outside of being totally free, is taken directly from the outstanding original mod. Where Valve has taken initiative to make Dota 2 a significantly better experience is in everything surrounding it, including improving the pre-game matchmaking interface, supporting the community of professional and avid players, and even allowing artists to create and sell cosmetic items on the Dota 2 store. Perhaps most important are the steps Valve has taken toward taming the hyper-competitive community. Besides matchmaking, guilds, and a wide variety of different game modes, the things that Valve hasnt done are just as noticeable than the things it has. For example, theres no concede button to throw in the towel on a losing match, and though you earn a matchmaking rank to ensure you're placed competitively, it's not visible to other players. If withholding those features seems like a bad idea on the surface, their sacrifice was not in vain  it prevents irritable players from dropping out of a match at the first sign of defeat, or when they're teamed up with people whose stats don't meet their exacting standards  a real frustration in other MOBAs. LIkewise, Valve recognized that less is more when it comes to unlockables. Theres no progression outside of the game that will have the slightest mechanical effect inside of it. Without artificial goals to aim for, the matches are left with a strong and refreshing sense of fairness and purity, where everything that can influence success or failure is right there on the battlefield and in your head. In my personal experience, Valves ideas work. I've played for over 1,000 hours, and my encounters with people unwilling to act decently towards their fellow players have become increasingly rare over the course of Dota 2s development. It has never been more friendly than it is now  though thats a relative comparison. Even with these enhancements, the best way to play Dota 2 will always be with a team of four friends. Valves dogged desire to preserve DOTA's design perfectly is a double-edged sword in some ways. There are a few design choices that feel needlessly archaic and slavish to the original, such as the way Blink Dagger will arbitrarily shave 200 units of movement from your blink if you overestimate the distance, or how the towers will occasionally refuse to acknowledge your attempts to turn aggro away from yourself during a siege. They feel like relics of previous era, traditions carried on for the sake of tradition.
game-hours: 2695.4
review: This is a cool game guys
game-hours: 443.6
review: Nice game! I love you dota!
game-hours: 1094.1
review: Very nice social gaming platform
game-hours: 3058.8
review: yes
game-hours: 247.0
review: Good game play with friends :)
game-hours: 303.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 303.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 1334.7
review: ,      !
game-hours: 1077.8
review: Because of frivolous people and thousands of items, I just don't see Dota. If you don't have team of friends with skype and mind to win - do not waste your time and nerves.
game-hours: 394.5
review: Awesome game. Best MOBA game I've ever play. You will see the difference between carry and support and that's the best part.
game-hours: 2.4
review: I played one match, asked what I should do, and I got shouted at for not knowing how the game works straight away. this game has a learning cliff, and it didnt seem like my kind of game, so I went "sod this, I could be doing other stuff". but if you are into mobas, you probably have played it already. and if you havent played it and you enjoy mobas, give it a go.
game-hours: 1352.8
review: dewa
game-hours: 668.6
review: nice
game-hours: 2492.6
review: Most valueable game and u can get another experience in ever game
game-hours: 1927.7
review: this is a very nice game that i played in my life! even when i 17 years old i started playing dota 1 and now dota 2 all i can say this is a dream game!
game-hours: 3410.4
review: 4 ways on how to play Dota 2: 1. Pick Techies 2. Plant bombs 3. Enemies steps on your bomb 4. Deal an enormous Emotional,Mental, and Spiritual Damage to the enemy. gg  blyad put tank in the mall, etc.. enemies will buy early gem for raging.
game-hours: 1532.2
review: You go to see Bill Murray -- not the movie he's in. No matter how mediocre the film, time spent with him is always rewarding. That absurdist deadpan has served him since the Carter-era "Saturday Night Live." And in his latest, "Groundhog Day," the shtick is still funny. For a time, the movie's pretty good too. "Groundhog" will never be designated a national film treasure by the Library of Congress. But, in terms of vehicle selection, this is one of the better ones Murray has hitched himself to. In fact, its "Twilight Zone"-type premise (scripted by Danny Rubin and director Harold Ramis) is initially intriguing. A people-hating weatherman on a Pittsburgh TV station, Murray's waiting for his real ship to come in. "For your information, Hairdo," he asserts to a well-coiffed colleague at WPBH, "there's a news channel interested in me." Until that questionable possibility, however, he must content himself with such hated aspects of his job as the annual trip on Groundhog Day. For this inane (to his mind) festival, he must join the reporting flocks at Punxsutawney, Pa., to catch the yearly appearance of the spring-determining rodent. If the divining "Punxsutawney Phil" sees his furry shadow, six more weeks of winter are due. If he doesn't, the thaw is on. Now back for his fourth Groundhog Day, Murray -- with producer Andie MacDowell and cameraman Chris Elliott -- waits impatiently for the day to end. But this time, it doesn't. After a full day's work at the festival, Murray wakes up to exactly the same morning -- Groundhog Day II. The clock radio plays "I Got You Babe" like it did the morning before. An impending blizzard is announced once more. Stephen Tobolowsky, a horrifying nerd from Murray's high-school past now in insurance, recognizes him -- again. Even MacDowell and Elliott are gearing up to film the festival as if for the first time. Murray realizes he's stuck in time. No matter what he does, the next day is the same day. Only he remembers. This allows him to anticipate trouble. "Ned, I would love to stand here and talk with you," he tells Tobolowsky at their umpteenth chance meeting. "But I'm not going to." The time/space dilemma presents a variety of options, from fun to purgatorial. Murray is immortal, in effect. He can survive death games. He can teach himself piano. He can find out basic information from attractive local Marita Geraghty, for instance, then wow her the next time around with apparent inside knowledge. But he becomes increasingly interested in MacDowell and spends most of the time working on her. But he only has a day to impress her; it's back to square one at 6 the next morning. The trouble is, you'll feel like you've been through too many same days yourself. With its zany daily episodes, "Groundhog" gets stuck in a non-progressive repetition. It's also headed for the usual Hollywood Life Lesson, in which Murray's moral winter must thaw. But even through the most creatively frigid sections, Murray is amusing as he reacts to the longest day of his life. He gets to work on that recurring Tobolowsky meeting, for one thing. The best way to send the insurance agent screaming into the distance, Murray finds, is to embrace him for a suggestively long moment, caress his back and say: "I don't know where you're needed, but couldn't you call in sick?"
game-hours: 879.4
review: good
game-hours: 387.1
review: Fun game
game-hours: 972.3
review: I dont play many computer games, never seem to have time for it... But this game... haha, hit me up when you wanna play, never seen such an involved community! The staff and or people who run this game truly do read what people have to say and fix new things it seems every other day! very up to date
game-hours: 586.5
review: really good game
game-hours: 0.3
review: While it's a fun game it's a bit too tedious for me.
game-hours: 162.1
review: Brilliant graphics and the music creates an immersive atmosphere.
game-hours: 1728.4
review: For those who are new to Dota2, Please dont be afraid to try tutorial. It helps a lot!!!
game-hours: 1728.3
review: Amazing game, if u want to play add me ;)
game-hours: 1156.4
review: probably the most amazing game in the world!!!!
game-hours: 5174.2
review: amazing game can play for hours on end without getting bored. every game is different and no matter how good you are there are plenty of other people to play with :)
game-hours: 1370.7
review: awesome
game-hours: 1702.6
review: 10/10 "It's ok"
game-hours: 970.8
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 1999.8
review: xy
game-hours: 2726.5
review: good game in lifetime
game-hours: 3477.0
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 1241.0
review: Its fun and I have more than 1000hrs of gameplay and never get bord of it its, really fun and the intrercartion with other players really helps the game to keep going to greater distances. Oh btw one thing when having special events it would be great if you guys could give free random items on a freaquant basis to the players taking part in it it would be a great moral boost apart from that nothing much to complain keep up the good work guys.
game-hours: 2915.3
review: ^^
game-hours: 2180.0
review: good
game-hours: 553.7
review: This game changed my life. I like dota2 very much.
game-hours: 2380.0
review: +REP
game-hours: 8.6
review: The next installment of the league of the champions
game-hours: 374.7
review: good game :D
game-hours: 192.7
review: awesome game
game-hours: 157.3
review: God Bless
game-hours: 2036.4
review: lol is a real mans game.
game-hours: 1887.2
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 1440.3
review: ;)
game-hours: 578.5
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 626.0
review: awesome ;) ..
game-hours: 553.5
review: 545546564565
game-hours: 21.5
review: Cool game
game-hours: 1389.7
review: the greatest competitive game of action and strategy that ive ever played !! And the best way to ruin your real social life
game-hours: 4461.1
review: dota 2 is epic !!!
game-hours: 2302.7
review: the best <3
game-hours: 1540.1
review: 11/10 We pray in RNGesus' name, amen.
game-hours: 677.7
review: Hard to learn harder to master, Lots of fun when you start taking getting in to it. No paywalls all Heroes unlocked from the start.
game-hours: 1107.1
review: very good
game-hours: 1670.6
review: Very gud game, #1 never lose. Would protect dev's in prison showers.
game-hours: 2487.4
review: A game with a somewhat high learning curve, but feels very rewarding when you achieve victory. Requires teamwork, communication and execution to be successful. With the vast amount of heroes available, every game feels fresh.
game-hours: 1644.0
review: Worse addiction than Porn!
game-hours: 2108.2
review: Its the best Rpg game
game-hours: 22.6
review: Nice moba
game-hours: 2326.7
review: Before i downloaded this game, i had a life. But then........
game-hours: 402.7
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 685.3
review: Dont feed enemy
game-hours: 437.9
review: awesome
game-hours: 1163.9
review: Dota 2... I feel bad for didnt try this game just play it you are not gonna regret key hole of dota is ''You Cant Stop Playing After You Learn Playing it'' after you learn to play 1000 hour of gameplay waiting you (Min 300) I recommend this game to people which in depression feeling bad you will forget all the things just focus on game you will feel relaxed when you see bad players you are just gonna say '' you reported noob'' and you will report them but after a time (600-700 hour)you are gonna learn you just make your loose faster with every reported you say just keep calm and play your game say Hi dont talk much if theres positive players feel free to talk with them if they say  NEVER speak with them they are probbably gonna say you '' Bliad Davai davai idi nahuy'' you will learn what this means at 100 hour dota 2 is a really good russian lesson you can easily learn russian lang with it take risks and feel all days like its end of world I will say only one more thing Don't start this game if you have a  life I started this game in depression still in depression not because of game life is painful :I Just play it.
game-hours: 235.2
review: DotA 2 is good game and nice i hope you enjoyed all lol -_-
game-hours: 1114.3
review: is very good
game-hours: 1474.1
review: mamy ebal
game-hours: 988.7
review: 11/10 -IGM "GOOD GAME. NO NEED TO PAY TO BECOME A PRO PLAYER !"
game-hours: 356.1
review: My first game on steam.... like most people... Great gameplay, lots of update, not repetitive, great publicity are some plus points...  community, hard to master are some minus points.... which i tend to ignore... well, enjoy it...
game-hours: 1640.3
review: Do not play this game. It is a bad game with arguably the worst community since YouTube comments.
game-hours: 1522.4
review: Im sick of all the russians talking their ..  and  , , they should just go .
game-hours: 2848.0
review: :)
game-hours: 2438.3
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 818.0
review: FUN!
game-hours: 1426.9
review: Good Game
game-hours: 2320.3
review: Play this game if you literally want to kill yourself inside. Literally, every time you play this game it takes a little chunk of your soul and destroys it. Don't even bother. You might THINK you have fun when you play this game, but the truth is that every time you play it, it makes you an angrier and angrier person until nothing is left but hate and despair. You legitimately never enjoy playing this game, even if you are winning. 10/10
game-hours: 1557.6
review: This , in events I lose dota network connection all the time, you should fix this!
game-hours: 632.4
review: Get into an All Pick, things are looking up, we have a good draft so far with a great midplayer that's already picked and we have one pick left to go... LAST PICK PUDGE, YES ALL I COULD EVER ASK FOR! 3/10
game-hours: 1792.1
review: the game does not pulled, but interesting)
game-hours: 2649.2
review: A shoddily made pay-to-win event available only in short period of time, if you can get into it. When that timer hits 0 you'd better hope the DotA 2 network doesn't go down or you'll miss it on the fun of people with more disposable income deathballing down your lane.
game-hours: 815.5
review: :)
game-hours: 954.0
review: I'm stuck in this game for 8 years or so. Definitely recommend it.
game-hours: 1747.0
review: Totally recomending this one!
game-hours: 1198.8
review: Fun game, however it is very difficult to climb out of the MMR "trench".
game-hours: 8.7
review: The community will have you feeling awful first game to the last.
game-hours: 492.8
review: aa
game-hours: 2120.8
review: MUST PLAY DOTA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 0.4
review: if u need a break from CS:GO try this
game-hours: 128.3
review: Really good game, until someone picks riki on the other team. Thats a whole different story
game-hours: 1726.4
review: I've played many a game ... from steam to console, etc.. but I keep coming back to Dota 2. Its Extremely Addictive! Expect to fail, expect to win, expect to spend countless hrs screaming at your computer while people do the stupidest of things... it will make the calm quiet person rageeeeee! I dont know what it is that keeps me coming back.. I just know that for the past few years, I can't play anything else to the extent that I play this game. Beware: Even the marketplace and trade sites become an addictive game of chess to strategically aquire every peice or rare shinies!
game-hours: 3.2
review: its a awsome game!!
game-hours: 606.8
review: i like the graphic of this game. and sometimes i hate this because of lagging...
game-hours: 2038.7
review: coool>>>!
game-hours: 623.5
review: Thank you very much Gaben for this wonderful game, stable servers, nice community, very secure market ; what can be better? Rate 10 : 10 recommend this game! P.S now go  urself u fat pig who doesn't provide any ing feedback :3
game-hours: 825.5
review: a Strategic Game that will blow your mind
game-hours: 1269.5
review: Even how many times you we're playing this game, it never gets boring!! \m/
game-hours: 1089.9
review: yes
game-hours: 585.7
review: (y)
game-hours: 371.3
review: bzbzbzzbzb
game-hours: 165.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 442.6
review: This is the absolute best free language learning tool on the internet. Learn from languages such a Russian, Spanish, Portuguese, and If you're lucky, English. Learn from real native speakers. 10/10 would recommend
game-hours: 345.6
review: Very competitive game. So many players. Fun to play!
game-hours: 1167.1
review: This game NOT for Russian
game-hours: 605.8
review: gl
game-hours: 252.2
review: =)
game-hours: 1345.5
review: The best game in world.
game-hours: 61.3
review: its the bee's knee's
game-hours: 865.0
review: this game is great even now they have bot fight got level item and win sstat this is great :D
game-hours: 351.5
review: One of the most exciting games Ive ever played :D
game-hours: 501.8
review: Don't play pudge whatever you do. No one will like you. I swear it's true.
game-hours: 762.3
review: ^_^
game-hours: 5970.8
review: nice
game-hours: 1036.3
review: Thats good. . .
game-hours: 1682.2
review: .....
game-hours: 1367.7
review: Noob game
game-hours: 1647.2
review: im very2 like this game.. full with strategies and chemistry with other player..
game-hours: 6.1
review: Unbalanced. You can literaly win game with one OP champ. WTF? I personaly like Teamplay not tryharders with 1 champ. Started the game with Cotol and got 20/4/11. wow. much skill, such pro, Another thing, the community have no future. Just stupid flaming russians. And Voice chat is amazing thing to flame your teammates even faster without touching a keyboard. Graphics is nice but the animations is too slow and make me cry everytime I want to last hit. And what is this why you have all champs unlocked? Seems pretty dumb to me no progress in game. Its just too easy and hard as its easy for enemy team as well. VOLVO PLoX xD stay on shooters.
game-hours: 1391.9
review: just calm down and play game - its just a game - its for fun - not cry
game-hours: 1144.2
review: Learn Russian for US $0.00. Would reccomend 10/10. Besides multiculturalism Dota2 offers the chance to prove your own patience. Sit for countless days looking at your monitor as a team of 4 other infuriating allies drag you down into the slums of their incompetence. Unlike smoking, Dota2 cannot be cured or helped by a doctor and this plague on humanity will not and cannot be stopped. You WILL slowly deteriorate on your seat untill all that is remaining is a steaming pile of filth. The pain does not end with your passing unfortunatly; all your money that was meant to see your family make it without you is now in the form of your account, with no real-world usefulness at all. Have fun with Dota2
game-hours: 887.1
review: dota is a great and entertaining game
game-hours: 2288.2
review: Good game :)
game-hours: 181.0
review: Maka adik hahaha
game-hours: 2456.5
review: Best MOBA game ever..
game-hours: 1251.2
review: this game ruined my life. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 454.3
review: cool if you drop a bundle or arcana for me. i've played for 200+ hours but i still got nothing. zzzz
game-hours: 392.6
review: Really fun. I never expected dota to be this good and eventually I got hooked!
game-hours: 3051.4
review: awesome game
game-hours: 793.6
review: ggwp
game-hours: 2488.9
review: Echo before blink doto
game-hours: 882.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 1297.9
review: This is a good game
game-hours: 965.1
review: Best game 4ever :D
game-hours: 1394.5
review: Everyone NOOB except me
game-hours: 1841.3
review: :3
game-hours: 1009.4
review: goodest game every made and u have so many frends 2
game-hours: 192.1
review: This game is ing fantastic, best MOBA game of 2013 It is hard It is free It is addicting The community is great It surpasses its competition (league ofl egends and HoN) in gameplay,music and hero design/characters... It is full of depth and strategy, making it way more fun with friends. Enjoy this awesome game, it is completely free For the disadvantages, It is a bit hard to learn how to play properly ( I have over 100 hours on record, and I dont even consider myself average) aaand Im a bit annoyed on how easy it is to solo roshan with auto attacking heroes... Other than that, this game is AMAZING
game-hours: 839.0
review: russians. russians everywhere
game-hours: 497.9
review: A great core gameplay which would make you want more and moreeeee but sadly with bunch of delinquents as the community. Playing with friends are really recommended for this game for the most enjoyment you could get.
game-hours: 2119.3
review: got awesome graphics than dota1
game-hours: 572.9
review: Best game i've ever play
game-hours: 711.0
review: The best game ever!!!
game-hours: 884.4
review: nice game to kill time..
game-hours: 173.1
review: big dix r so yum
game-hours: 2759.3
review: GooD GaMe
game-hours: 469.8
review: awsome
game-hours: 1.5
review: Interesting game, i like it :)
game-hours: 326.3
review: SO Good
game-hours: 2615.9
review: the best game ever
game-hours: 1310.5
review: ing aswm game dota 2 love it!!!!
game-hours: 607.9
review: This game teaches that russians should be exterminated.
game-hours: 685.4
review: good game
game-hours: 2987.5
review: :)
game-hours: 897.8
review: fo ign awesome
game-hours: 12.0
review: An execellent RTS game that focuses not as much on the gore as on the strategy.
game-hours: 3.5
review: I don't get it why this game is so popular. Most probably one has to be very, very simple minded to find this thingie entertaining. This game is extremely boring, as well as super repetitive - and I did not play it for more than 20 minutes online, plus the tutorials to get to this conclusion (first tutorial mission was fun as a first impression, but the next was the same thing with same monsters, etc, but a different "hero", then the same thing came again... and again... and again...). Dota 2 is like Torchlight or Diablo (point, click, point, click, point, click until your nose starts running), except it's even more simpler related to action (there's no world or story or anything in Dota as it's "MOBA"), on the other hand, for a starter there's a confusingly long list of characters and items, which are never explained, but later turns out they don't give much to complexity. There are also wide range and wild pricing in-game purchases, which makes me understand how the huge prize pools are built for tournaments of this game. So, to sum it up, if you are not a smart person, easily entertained, and most importantly, repetitive tasks with minor changes (misleading you to think you are "progressing" and "going somewhere") make you addicted, as well as you want to spend crazy money on virtual stuff, Dota 2 is your game (or WoW, or WOT, or whatever, anything built around the same concept of sucking in people, turning them into junkies and destroying their lives). You can hate me for seeing it like that. You can down-vote too. But right after your rage is gone, please stop for a moment and think about what I wrote above. Then do a favor to yourself: do not use your computer for one week (at least, no video games at all - nothing! Not even minesweeper!). On day 8, you'll find out you was a junkie and did not have fun at all playing a game, but was grinding for your next dose. Thanks for reading.
game-hours: 81.0
review: Nice and best game of world
game-hours: 635.0
review: 44
game-hours: 601.4
review: Pls don't play this game. It will make you want to muder; Russians, Peruvians, Spanish, Portuguese, Friends and family.
game-hours: 2020.0
review: If you like DOTA custom map from Warcraft III. Then you will love this even more. This the next generation of original DOTA.
game-hours: 722.5
review: comeback to real
game-hours: 101.9
review: Just like its predecessor DotA, although sky-high better than any MOBAs out there. **** Riot, Dota2's the real deal.
game-hours: 9.7
review: It beats fingering pensioners at the care home
game-hours: 2329.0
review: nice game!!!!!
game-hours: 1328.8
review: Mid or Feed - why not both Me Pro Im Mid trust me - Got Feed I got 3k mmr, 4k mmr, 5k mmr, - Got Feed Peenoise team mates - Sure lose Got Feed Team mates got feed and owned - You Got blamed for not being pro Recommend This 15/10 would play Sorry i got little a little time playing this game </3
game-hours: 1228.1
review: Life of a support ;-; But i still love the game ;-;
game-hours: 1249.8
review: Dota 2 is the best game that i seen..And also it's my life.Really nice game .. I want to suggest dota 2 to make more better and better always.. TO BEAT LEAGUE OF LEGION.. i wish you guys to GOOD LUCK ~~~
game-hours: 2432.3
review: great game
game-hours: 767.2
review: It makes me relax when playing this game. Still i need to focus on things that is more important.
game-hours: 2520.8
review: nice
game-hours: 157.2
review: yeah
game-hours: 886.6
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 1440.6
review: So Epic! (  )!
game-hours: 2020.6
review: if you like to use ur brain, then dota2 is 4 u if u got 5 ppl n u wanna play cs, dota2 is 4 u if u wanna get rekt in solo and rek ppl in a party, dota is 4 u An amazing game with lots of technical glitches and a hero that suits ppl of all sorts, u may be a mico-ing king, or a flash farmer, or just the guy who makes good calls, but dota has room 4 u all. TEAMPLAY. FREE 2 PLAY. HOORAY!!
game-hours: 942.8
review: good
game-hours: 692.5
review: Addiction In It's Finest Form!!!!
game-hours: 1499.7
review: Recommended if you're looking for some stressful and full of spanish and russian speaking people entertainmeint
game-hours: 517.0
review: it is better to have every level item drop coz it's level is now useless
game-hours: 353.8
review: Lots of unique characters and skills. Teamwork is vital to win
game-hours: 414.0
review: EVIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIL\!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 2499.4
review: game bagus
game-hours: 1032.3
review: i like
game-hours: 2179.1
review: doto best game
game-hours: 3977.0
review: Gank()
game-hours: 1878.3
review: Pure Skill, No luck
game-hours: 732.9
review: THIS GAME WILL STEAL YOUR WHOLE TIME!!!!
game-hours: 336.7
review: (y)
game-hours: 69.9
review: DotA2 is a awesome game because it is like World Of War Craft. There is like over 25 charters to play as there is traning the is diferent weapons and Armor the have u can buy them from the (Steam Market) or just from the game. My fav charter is (Sven and Juggernaut) they are both melee charter. There are 3 difernet types of classes, Frist is Strenth, Secondly is Speed and Thirdly is magic. Ths for reading this and you should have this game and play this game like i do :) and have a good one bye.
game-hours: 2282.2
review: Play All Day All Night!
game-hours: 745.7
review: game terbaik yang pernah saya mainkan..
game-hours: 1128.5
review: t's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian
game-hours: 1179.8
review: 3323
game-hours: 782.7
review: game rocks!!
game-hours: 420.5
review: I newly started DOTA2 this year February. What I've notice this game is not about hero and item selection. But a great amount of team building and team initiation is require to win the throne. Even for 5INT heros or 5STR in a team will do great as long as everyone is working together.
game-hours: 310.0
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 264.1
review: the best game ever,no cheat
game-hours: 528.8
review: ty valve good game
game-hours: 1145.8
review: PASTILAN
game-hours: 261.2
review: While many Action RTS games tried to take its place, the original DOTA mod was still played for a long time until this semi-remake, semi-port. It retains everything that made the original great, with an improved engine and metasystem. Built-in matchmaking makes things balanced between players, great workshop support for cosmetics, and the best F2P system around make it an overall more enjoyable experience to the original. However, due to the port trying to be 1:1 with the original, some features that could've been changed remain the same. There are a few concepts that, while making sense over time, are baffling to new players, and it's that complexity that is DOTA's greatest strength, as well as its major weakness. It's very hard for new players to hop in and enjoy, especially compared to other Action RTS games that find a better balance between depth and accessability to new players. Despite this, after putting in time DOTA is one of the most rewarding and unique experiences in gaming, one that has yet to be matched.
game-hours: 425.7
review: Life ruining yet satisfaction at its best :)
game-hours: 562.6
review: Good Game And I Love it becaus this game internasional class
game-hours: 5183.8
review: lagi best dari porn
game-hours: 28.3
review: Tighten your  cheeks and prepare the boot lube because you're about to go on an epic adventure where you get kicked from every server you get connected to after about three minutes because try hards deem your capabilities UNACCEPTABLE. 7/10
game-hours: 66.0
review: I LOVE IT
game-hours: 1491.3
review: Created steam acc becuz of this game :D
game-hours: 363.4
review: I can't log-in to my account(richardzero)
game-hours: 2982.6
review: Its Dota 2...Enough said :P
game-hours: 1254.1
review: this game took over my life and caused me to have a 80% attendance rate at school. please spare yourself from playing this game. dont ing follow my direction. it ing destroys your life. but its still a good game.
game-hours: 2320.6
review: tsk:)
game-hours: 1425.4
review: cool
game-hours: 25.3
review: Not Bad *Insert barack obama meme here*
game-hours: 354.7
review: i like this game ..and i loved it.
game-hours: 1478.4
review: Best Game in the world
game-hours: 1430.8
review: Dota 2 Online game 9/10-Steam Dota 2 is a 2013 multiplayer online battle arena video game and the stand-alone sequel to the Defense of the Ancients Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos and Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne mod. Wikipedia Initial release date: July 9, 2013 Developer: Valve Corporation Designer: IceFrog Nominations: BAFTA Games Award for Multiplayer Publishers: Valve Corporation, Nexon, Perfect World Platforms: OS X, GNU/Linux, Microsoft Windows
game-hours: 1954.4
review: cool
game-hours: 50.9
review: Im amazing at this game but it was really fun to play with friends.
game-hours: 1814.8
review: this game is SOOO addicting if you get the hang of it you will find your self spending 1000s of hours into it.
game-hours: 206.5
review: Takes a bit to get into but now is basically the only game i play.
game-hours: 302.7
review: Very good game
game-hours: 264.7
review: Very Nice
game-hours: 1780.0
review: Always mad by dota, But still love it
game-hours: 1306.4
review: ,       ,    1 .   .   1      1 .....         ,    ,                        ,    ,        ,     ,    ,            !!!1!11!     ,          ,   5    1 ,      5000   ,     ,        .
game-hours: 517.0
review: There's a lot of fun in this game! Its good and addictive! :)
game-hours: 1268.1
review: EZ Game, Just it!
game-hours: 2713.3
review: It costs your life!
game-hours: 1493.0
review: i like this game very much!!!!!
game-hours: 923.3
review: Good ^^
game-hours: 2282.9
review: Nice game
game-hours: 451.4
review: You can be my NEW THANG!! AWESOME!!
game-hours: 529.3
review: strategic game +++
game-hours: 1103.5
review: nice game verry goodd
game-hours: 702.4
review: It is really hard to write a review about a game that I love yet brings such rage and anger to me. Obviously this is the same concept as LoL and it has the same gameplay formula. It has it's positives and it's negatives. I have found that a few positives are that the characters are varied and somewhat interesting and their backstories always seem like a good read, it also does not force you to pay for characters to play them such as LoL or Smite, there are no items that the community can buy for their characters that offer bonuses when bought outside the game. They are purely cosmetic, so if you want your character to look nicer then that is there for you. Now I hate to write negatives about games that I actually enjoy but this is a personal peeve of mine. I want to play with people in East or West Europe? That's fine I don't mind meeeting them. However when I get Russians on those servers instead of their own and calling me every name in the book and giving me hell then I begin to get a little mad. Another thing that really grinds me is when the servers can connect you into the game and you can go for a good ten or twenty or even 30 minutes playing with no problem and then get a disconnect from server. That brings my blood to a boil and I find this happening a hell of a lot more every day and I get that it is the Year of the Beast Brawl and that is going to be heavily populated, but why the hell should that affect mine and other Dota player's experience? I am going to say that it needs to be fixed or I am just going to have to stop playing this game and I would hate to do that.
game-hours: 1452.2
review: This game is so good. In that game the total time that you spent is not important there is no chance to pay to win ..Only bad thing is that if you have bad mates in your ,team game will be terrible for you..
game-hours: 129.3
review: awesome !
game-hours: 2207.6
review: This game is very multifunctional because you can play and same time you can learn russian language. No matter how server you choosed , russians are everywhere !!! Maybe you will say " Okaaaaay stop ! I go play on servers of the North America ! " so you find the match in the north america , join , and three russians will greet you with " CY KA BLYAT DAVAY" .. And that is Dota 2. Keywords of Dota are: " RUSSIANS are everywhere ! "
game-hours: 561.1
review: .
game-hours: 3188.9
review: i dont have any idea why the noob russians must play in Eu W Or Eu E when they have theyr own server
game-hours: 457.6
review: I love it
game-hours: 576.4
review: Kappa :d2rubick:
game-hours: 1993.1
review: Main features - flaming -noobs -bugs just a lot of everything learning russian is recommended 10/10
game-hours: 655.3
review: YES RECOMMEND THIS GAME..PLEASE FOLLOW DETAILS
game-hours: 879.3
review: nice game..all u need is teamwork though or u will lose..this can teach us how to make a great team...i give 5 stars ^_^
game-hours: 1531.7
review: (y)
game-hours: 1900.1
review: The best MOBA game!!! 10/10 Sometimes you just can't stop playing it.... It's like never-ending adventure in the same place and the same time, but it's different. Why? 1. More that 100 heroes to choose from; 2. 5 hero combination on Dire and Radient team; 3. Every hero has a big selection of visual customizations; 4. 10 game modes to play and EVENTS!! But sometimes you will stop playing. Why? 1. Russians.
game-hours: 181.0
review: Be aware that you need to select in which Russia you want to play after you install the game.Choose wisely.
game-hours: 629.8
review: Mushi mushi
game-hours: 726.6
review: i learned different languages
game-hours: 2305.9
review: It's a great game which will take you a long time for you to get bored with. The gameplay is solid and you can play for years and still learn new things. The only problem with the game is the toxic community, make good use of the mute and report buttons!
game-hours: 4052.8
review: Great Game, You can play with your own on Solo Ranked Matchmaking or Have Friends and have Fun Great way To kill Time and Lose your future but if you put your heart into it You might win 5 million $ Great way to lose your girlfriend but Im not losing mine Game is 100/10 This Game lets you learn how to speak Russian, Peruvian and more. If you are interested in learning new languages, Try this Game!
game-hours: 13.1
review: I wrote a scathing review, filled with whitty retorts and construtive critisms. But apparently I'm not allowed to post an intelligent review on this game. Just don't play it... I could write a better game whilst in a coma!
game-hours: 211.6
review: Played Dota 2 for a week. Now I'm fluent in Russia and Tagalog. 10/10 best foreign language teacher out there.
game-hours: 1006.6
review: For mentally handicapped
game-hours: 981.0
review: this game is so good..you learn many strategy and moves and not only addicted game it has a reason and it helps you in your subjects like in math in budgeting your items..
game-hours: 640.0
review: GOOD GAME FOR OTHER PLAYER AND MORE EVENTS PLSS VOLVO
game-hours: 9.2
review: Very Friendly game. Awesome but simple graphics. Perfect for starters, Great for more advanced players, Completely Insane for Professionals! It's an amazing game for you to play. So come play, share, twitch it and make a living out of it!
game-hours: 1252.4
review: yes very nice strategy game
game-hours: 3292.8
review: Best of any game ever, should play from now!
game-hours: 1108.2
review: Always Wanna FLy
game-hours: 55.2
review: very nice and addictive game. i recommend this game to my friends :)
game-hours: 1572.3
review: i love this game
game-hours: 944.6
review: Nice to Play :)
game-hours: 1598.7
review: GGwp
game-hours: 439.7
review: greatest game ever
game-hours: 3421.6
review: wadwa
game-hours: 1458.1
review: meh/10 would bang
game-hours: 2235.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 1069.0
review: gud gme
game-hours: 349.2
review: good game. dont play if you want free time
game-hours: 940.7
review: So good.
game-hours: 6084.4
review: NORM
game-hours: 6106.6
review: Best game of all times!
game-hours: 623.9
review: If you want to learn a few new languages, have your life ruined, and meet some rage filled people... this is the game for you! In reality it's quite fun and I can't stop playing. 9.9/10
game-hours: 4006.7
review: best game ever
game-hours: 368.3
review: Its pretty cool !!! You should try it
game-hours: 1199.0
review: The best game of ever
game-hours: 792.2
review: 10/10 Have a nice day.
game-hours: 780.2
review: good ftp game tough ^^
game-hours: 930.5
review: A well made game where you can join with friends or make new ones while battleing it out with other people. Continualy coming out with new cotent that continue to appeal to player.
game-hours: 2103.8
review: Highly Addictive, A Must play for people who enjoys teamwork. It might be hard at first if your new to the game, but with a little bit of practice, you will be able to play smoothly with other people.
game-hours: 773.6
review: Dota 2 is fun!
game-hours: 0.2
review: +1 best moba ever
game-hours: 0.2
review: this is soo good, its far better than LoL but not nearly as good as HoN but still its awesome.
game-hours: 1619.8
review: Doto is best moba, much like how people think Rainbow Dash is best pony
game-hours: 3.4
review: This game is the BEAST!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1750.1
review: w3w
game-hours: 1587.7
review: My new favorite game! It's so fun and cool.
game-hours: 1020.5
review: It's awesome, you can have many friends.
game-hours: 910.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 844.3
review: awesomeness!!!!!!!
game-hours: 587.7
review: nice game :D well played
game-hours: 974.8
review: All time fav
game-hours: 2135.0
review: lalala
game-hours: 3562.0
review: this game so cool!
game-hours: 1477.1
review: pretty good revamp of the original dota
game-hours: 1246.3
review: mantap
game-hours: 2122.3
review: Why find other Multi-Player Game if Dota 2 is HERE ?
game-hours: 1802.0
review: This game is awesome
game-hours: 2505.4
review: special 1
game-hours: 1158.1
review: ABsolutely brilliant!
game-hours: 2819.7
review: very strategic game, regardless of the difficulty, I love the team effort it takes to pull a win. 10/10 favorite game thus far for pc
game-hours: 438.6
review: good
game-hours: 170.7
review: Amazing play play play just play dota2
game-hours: 1889.8
review: Dota 2... it there where anymore russians it would be called russian simulator 2014
game-hours: 2001.4
review: good game
game-hours: 607.0
review: The best game I have ever played , rate 10/10 ,. recommended to play this game !
game-hours: 1652.2
review: DotA 2 is so far the most fun and best MOBA ever created. It helps players to think with endless strategies. With the help of luck and teamwork any faction is possible to win. In game emotions and pressures are challenging to deal with. At the end of the game, still sportsmanship is taught and learnt.
game-hours: 487.1
review: This game is good..!!
game-hours: 800.0
review: Fun game. Dont play it with friends unless they're as good as you or else rage incoming. But forreal, ees guud.
game-hours: 180.2
review: All good
game-hours: 814.2
review: saa
game-hours: 3048.9
review: bts gm  v :v
game-hours: 899.9
review: endless fights ...
game-hours: 810.6
review: A good game if you want to test your reaction time and coorination with your friends or mabye random stranger. Game is lots of fun but expect cases of rage and toxic comments but dont let that stop you from trying new things in the game.
game-hours: 2955.5
review: absolutely awesome game, definately reccomentd it to anyone who has played LoL, torchlight, Diablo as it has similar qualities! A++
game-hours: 537.0
review: NICE
game-hours: 1647.8
review: good game
game-hours: 417.8
review: <3
game-hours: 958.6
review: NICE GAME FOR EVER !
game-hours: 407.7
review: nice game must try :D
game-hours: 13.6
review: this is a great game and is fun when it wants to be, but otherwise an awesome game.
game-hours: 1034.4
review: Gram sobie w dote
game-hours: 418.0
review: Amazing game to play when you're bored, or with a group of friends!
game-hours: 177.3
review: nice games
game-hours: 442.7
review: I like your games
game-hours: 18.0
review: 10/10
game-hours: 815.9
review: New Bloom is good!
game-hours: 4554.9
review: best game ever
game-hours: 2257.5
review: cool game
game-hours: 470.8
review: Amazing
game-hours: 1381.4
review: Having over 800+ hours on this game, I can say this game is highly enjoyable with friends! Besides, it is a FREE TO PLAY MOBA. What more could you want? Dota 2 is a heavily based strategy and action multiplayer moba, the idea of the game is to pick 5 heros on both teams (Radiant & Dire) from a pool of over 90+ heros! Both teams take the fight in a beautifully polished landscape, to take down the opposing teams towers and finally taking out the Ancient, whilst gathering gold to purchase items to become more powerful. From my experiance of this game, I would recommend playing with friends. Each game you will play there is no doubt you will come across people from all over the world, within your team there will either be a good communication between you and the team, leading to good team work and you winning the game. However, on the other hand you will have a team that does not have good team work and you will therefore lose the game. That is why I recommend you playing with those who you are able to communicate well with, and those who can work well as a team. Each character within the game are based on different attributes; Strength, Agility & Intelligence. Many people will say that there are a few characters that really over powered, when in fact they are really not. In my opinion this is what makes Dota 2 fun, almost every character can turn the game around. Rikki would have been a good example but now that I think of it, if you had him on your team, you were bound to win. After the recent update I'm not too sure anymore. Anyway you get the idea, there is no pay to win system, cosmetics (that have no effects on the hero) are the only things you can purchase in Dota 2. Fianlly just to top it off, I've never played Dota 1 or anyother moba that is like Dota 2. This currently is my 1st year playing Dota 2 and I can easily say it was the most fun I have ever had, I highly recommend it and yes you will rage and throw your PC outside the window, you will get fed up and you will be glad time to time, but that is Dota 2 for you. If you wish to make sure to check out other reviews!
game-hours: 1472.6
review: this is great game... make all of humans sense working at the same time
game-hours: 2088.4
review: mehh...
game-hours: 921.7
review: Pretty fun, quite addicting. I love it! :D
game-hours: 183.4
review: ytert
game-hours: 1208.6
review: This game is AWESOMEEE!
game-hours: 21.4
review: 10/10 one of the best jandjobs ive given my self in my entire life
game-hours: 1667.2
review: In this game you will have to play over 100 games for hundreds of hours to get to ranked games so you can see just how bad you are. You will be put into matches with feeders who don't speak your language and flame relentlesly only to lose. Noobs will call mid and feed and you won't have any map vision. Be prepared to spend an hour on a game you will probably lose. 10/10 Would Recommend.
game-hours: 1310.8
review: nice
game-hours: 3021.4
review: Game nh L*N. m thng Gabe Newell
game-hours: 1139.0
review: lol adibted :D
game-hours: 3783.5
review: 10/10  dota  Warcraft3
game-hours: 1773.5
review: GOOD GAME EVER
game-hours: 2289.4
review: sick
game-hours: 125.3
review: This game takes your virginity.... 10 Meepo's / 10 Meepo's
game-hours: 728.7
review: The Better
game-hours: 710.2
review: Doto 2 best doto
game-hours: 2732.5
review: good game
game-hours: 10.2
review: This made me the arrogant and judgemental person I am today. 10/10 Would Definately Dota Again
game-hours: 1209.5
review: Best MOBA game on the market. Completely Free2Play and no signs for future pay2win plans. Very balanced with ~100 heroes. Still developing updates for the game. And now start the game.
game-hours: 1927.9
review: So, what can I say. I played original DotA just a few times, so, when Dota 2 was released as beta-version, I was't so agitated, as others. But soon i got an invite and began to play. So, what can I say about positive moments? + Time moves faster - yes, thats it. Too fast sometimes + A lot of matchups in each game + A good challenge for your reaction, analytics and tactics in aggregate + A lot of characters and you can take each one even at the begining + Donations do not affect gameplay And some negative moments... - You need a lot of practice to become really good player - Agressive community - It can eat all your free time
game-hours: 199.5
review: awesome game... (Y)
game-hours: 1390.4
review: !
game-hours: 328.0
review: Good job Volvo
game-hours: 2188.1
review: who needs a social life and a stable career when you've got dota 2? 10/10 wud crie everytiem
game-hours: 1225.6
review: SUPPER FKNG AWESOME
game-hours: 2208.7
review: Dota isnt a game , it is a Lifestyle for those who had enough brain to live in this world !
game-hours: 547.2
review: In the starting when i saw this game for the first time i thought it will be boring and at that time it was not that popular like LoL but when i saw some of my friend had this game like 500+ game hour recorded then i thought there should be something special in this game so without wasting my time i installed this game on steam and when i played the first match then i don't know what happened to me i got so addictive in this game that now i nearly have 210 game hour recorded about 120 matches played. i liked this Heroes,the abilities, i like to watch The International Tournament each year live all those teams fighting to become world's best Dota 2 team. I seriously recommend this game to all the guys who are reading this review. There are alot of events each year people enjoy more playing it, more Hero Sets, more Heroes added in the major updates that makes Dota 2 a "Game For All Time".
game-hours: 5702.4
review: I ing hate the game and it makes me rage but I can't stop playing.
game-hours: 311.3
review: Good game but your team mates dont help you sometimes
game-hours: 592.6
review: lets not fix this game instead lets add 25 items
game-hours: 392.1
review: nice
game-hours: 103.4
review: if you want 2 join my clan add me reneboy macabogwas
game-hours: 389.6
review: ",   .  " ,  ,      .   10/10
game-hours: 1434.3
review: nice
game-hours: 1578.6
review: Play if you want to ruin your life
game-hours: 1897.3
review: Best tool to learn language from the world!
game-hours: 2091.3
review: reccommended
game-hours: 2232.1
review: i love dota 2
game-hours: 662.8
review: blyat eblan ebani
game-hours: 962.0
review: greatest thing since sliced dota
game-hours: 1789.0
review: Amazing game but you might find yourself addicted. Easily 10/10 if you give it time to practice and get good.
game-hours: 1852.5
review: pain, suffering, rage :D
game-hours: 1023.0
review: Well Played
game-hours: 1968.0
review: This Game is Great!!!A lot of heroes, a lot of fun
game-hours: 378.8
review: yeah
game-hours: 642.6
review: GGWP
game-hours: 1235.7
review: Good game, you gotta play it! *Full of Russians. (angry ones who doesn't speak english) *Fun to play. (kinda) *Your nerves will be tested. *Hard to master. *You will turn racist against Russians... *Destroys your life. [ But still this game is awesome! ]
game-hours: 380.3
review: Learned Russian, Chinese and Portuguese. 77/10
game-hours: 1022.0
review: Awesome! :D
game-hours: 3248.2
review: asdasdas
game-hours: 1693.2
review: too good dont play or you will lose your wife, children, and house
game-hours: 97.8
review: hello
game-hours: 1213.1
review: 5/5
game-hours: 2690.0
review: This is Awesome
game-hours: 22.9
review: LoL better than this ......
game-hours: 521.5
review: nice
game-hours: 487.0
review: Emma so pro
game-hours: 87.8
review: amazing game
game-hours: 880.3
review: PRO : You can make money from this game if you are wise enough Fun matches. Good,balanced heroes. CONS : Russians.. PS: For all LOL fans...Dota 2 is the best , even LOL wants to be like dota 2 since August 2014. so stfu
game-hours: 2355.1
review: Never get boared of same map:D
game-hours: 1221.2
review: must try this game!
game-hours: 661.0
review: stay away from this game, if you still want to have a life :p
game-hours: 1929.2
review: i love this game, cuz all concept it's look like DoTA warcraft, and who made the hero in this game?? it's really awsome for every design of character. overall it's good, and I hope Valve will be realease all hero from DoTA or maybe valve can give us surprise with original new Hero in Dota 2, i'll apreciate
game-hours: 644.2
review: DOTADOTADOTA
game-hours: 2893.0
review: in this game u may even actually learn russian with all the skillful russian players u play with
game-hours: 2143.2
review: Spend your time and money on fueling your rage for people you dislike before knowing them personally. 10/10 totally recommend!
game-hours: 1270.6
review: this game is awsome!
game-hours: 3686.8
review: "I hear you wished to court me, Lyralei." He panted slightly. News travelled just as fast as he did, no doubt. Also, she noted to call Lina a  later. "No." She blinked, exhibiting obscene amounts of boredom as she tried her best to convey her disinterest. "But, I'm glad you are here." "Oh? So courting is out of the question, but a one night st-" "No. I-I need to know what people think of your body hair." "Why, little archer, the only person's opinion who matter's of my body is yours, and how does it make you feel? Arou-" "No. Do people like your hairy chest? Your arms?" "Some do, sure, some don't. If you don't want to , what the hell was the Slayer talking about?" "She misunderstood my problem. I-I..." She paused, building up courage, "I'm just as... hairy as you." Lycan stopped, his entire body froze. Those words, that sentence, it echoed through his very soul as he could only say one thing, the last thing ever said to Lyralei by Lycan. "Uhg, disgusting."
game-hours: 3062.2
review: learned english, russian, portugese, and spanish from this game
game-hours: 1385.4
review: Not a bad game to burn your time
game-hours: 7.2
review: Dota 2 Never Dies!
game-hours: 870.4
review: Can't help myself from playing.
game-hours: 454.6
review: 11/10 TOP LEL tl;dr "How to "have a no life" Simulator" Git Gud Scrubs P.S. The guilty pay the price.
game-hours: 528.1
review: Best free to play game created. Rich with content and an active community with awesome dedication from valve ensuring the game gives you a fresh and excellent experience consistently.
game-hours: 816.9
review: to much pinay f*ck
game-hours: 484.7
review: zi love this dota 2 ing go0od
game-hours: 367.9
review: I feel like no one listens to me, so I don't listen back to them 11/10 Would lose hairs over bad teammates.
game-hours: 3206.7
review: the best
game-hours: 486.2
review: The original moba is still the best Moba... (Doing this only for the steam achievement)
game-hours: 137.4
review: I hate this game so much
game-hours: 1977.0
review: A true singleplayer experience.
game-hours: 1116.5
review: this game makes me so excited when i play. its awesome and i can make new friends to build a new friendship and go out of my comfort zone. this game makes me happy :)
game-hours: 68.4
review: me my hero huskar good luck
game-hours: 1627.2
review: Amazing aid to learn russian
game-hours: 1911.2
review: Much better then HON and LOL
game-hours: 2110.0
review: It will destroy your life and make you lose faith in humanity. I'll give it a 9/10.
game-hours: 1720.2
review: nice..but you should give me arcana drop
game-hours: 192.1
review: A truly awesome game. Despite the steep learning curve, the gameplay is smooth and the feeling of both winning and losing is satisfying enough to return.
game-hours: 370.1
review: Defense of the Ancients 2 is a fascinating game. Building upon the success of the MOBA genre, DOTA 2 brings hardcore pvp, strategy, and tactical team based execution of ideas to fruition. The game itself is amazingly beautiful, and simple in initial appearance - Most hero units have 4-6 key skills. However it is a combination of the vast number of heros with their unique abilities and counters in combination with a huge array of items which produce additional effects that makes the tactical possibilities in DOTA 2 simply mind numbing. From soloing a creep lane for gold and xp, to ganking other players with an orchestrated team effort, this game delievers the goods. The only negative I can think of is the player community itself, which can be quite harsh to those still learning the finer points of the game. That point aside, it can be a thrilling and rewarding experience, especially when shared playing with friends, and overcoming skilled opponents. 9/10
game-hours: 958.2
review: Q.. Q.... Q... PUSH NOW!... QEWRZXQQQXX...
game-hours: 95.3
review: Loving this game so far/ :)
game-hours: 566.1
review: totaly amazing game. i cant play pretty well from the first time but now its simple and i recommend this game. Better than league of ledgends
game-hours: 2461.7
review: blah blah blah
game-hours: 750.8
review: Sometimes I cry myself to sleep at night because of this .
game-hours: 811.1
review: Higly recomendable 5V5 online experience with almost infinite hero combinations and tactics.
game-hours: 542.9
review: Thumbs up for awesomeness.
game-hours: 1515.7
review: CooooL Let`s Play it
game-hours: 2592.3
review: I played it a bit. It's OK. LoL is better
game-hours: 1063.3
review: the best game in the world
game-hours: 1177.7
review: I couldn't wait to start playing Dota 2 when it was first announced because I used to play Dota when it was a custom map on Warcraft III. It really is a fun game to play. Especially if you play it with friends! The community could be a little better as there are quite a few people that don't seem to understand that this, is infact a game and people will make mistakes. New as older players.
game-hours: 442.5
review: Just Dota.
game-hours: 546.3
review: .
game-hours: 303.5
review: Very addictive A great selection of heroes with different abilities to choose from
game-hours: 514.2
review: When Dota 2 is good, it has no peer.
game-hours: 1257.4
review: 1
game-hours: 449.8
review: Nice game (y)
game-hours: 1139.2
review: i like playing!~!
game-hours: 354.7
review: DOTA 2 is the most advance Strategy game ive ever played.. Thanks Steam...
game-hours: 997.8
review: I have been playing this game from the time I was in high school. Now in college and still going strong. Very good game.
game-hours: 1585.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1017.6
review: Realy amazing
game-hours: 6.2
review: This game is awesome! And it's FREE!
game-hours: 276.5
review: love
game-hours: 408.8
review: Very good game i will play it very long :)
game-hours: 2872.2
review: Play It
game-hours: 5.0
review: if u like pure fantasy pvp - this game is 4 u
game-hours: 741.6
review: what i liked and disliked about Dota 2 : first, this game can made me happy. but it can made me sad too sometimes. thanks to dota2. i got so many new friends. they are all nice people. but there is one problem. i once played on my iMac, its so smooth and fast, but recently i can't open my Dota2 on my iMac. its suddenly happended. i don't know why. my iMac version is already 10.10 . so i must move to my Laptop to play Dota2. i recommended you to play Dota2 because this game needs a strategy, team work and a fasthand people. Make people practice to be a fast respond person. Try it !
game-hours: 4022.3
review: This game ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 224.2
review: (y)
game-hours: 1022.2
review: I am satisfied with the rage present in this game. 10/10 recommended.
game-hours: 824.0
review: This game is really fun.. Ive been playing DoTa since I was small when it was stil DoTA 1
game-hours: 1671.5
review: addictive game
game-hours: 2026.4
review: Very nice game!
game-hours: 19.5
review: NO COMMENT
game-hours: 1323.3
review: ,   .                      ,       ,                    .
game-hours: 568.1
review: this is the game freaking game awesome mindblowing game keep it on
game-hours: 193.2
review: good game!!
game-hours: 1597.0
review: What do you mean i can't wear 2 shoe at the same time? 11/10 would play again.
game-hours: 324.1
review: Simple but good game
game-hours: 29.4
review: GGWP
game-hours: 5685.6
review: Only played a little, but it was pretty fun
game-hours: 513.3
review: I love this game
game-hours: 397.2
review: test
game-hours: 166.1
review: good
game-hours: 1486.5
review: so addicted to play this game!!!
game-hours: 1057.3
review: <3 DOta 2
game-hours: 1124.6
review: How many russians can fit into a single game is the real question here
game-hours: 3966.6
review: Cuka Simulator
game-hours: 1811.1
review: Best game you'll ever download.
game-hours: 1690.8
review: Incredibly thinked through new world strategy game. Love it
game-hours: 396.3
review: Best game, featuring the amazing russian DOTA child prodigies.
game-hours: 1499.7
review: Best Russian Simulator up to date.
game-hours: 0.6
review: its an ok game
game-hours: 375.9
review: i like this game and i want freee items pleaseeeeeeeeeeee
game-hours: 1495.4
review: After 1,000 in this game i regret nothing 10/10
game-hours: 2268.5
review: Reli gud geam 8/8 would  again
game-hours: 1288.8
review: best game to play
game-hours: 1812.9
review: This game completely took me away from everyone else and glued me to my pc. If you like a good full-on action and strategy game then this is it.
game-hours: 28.2
review: It's basically meth.
game-hours: 3762.1
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 2078.7
review: pee
game-hours: 621.6
review: good game for noobs
game-hours: 1813.3
review: !
game-hours: 3101.7
review: Deep and complex game with a very steep learning curve, but pretty rewarding. Matchmaking system still needs some work. Spectator mode is amazing for tournaments. Not to forget it is free to play(unless you are into cosmetics like me, it isn't free to play). 10/10.
game-hours: 2176.5
review: Just play it !
game-hours: 1416.4
review: awesome game!!!
game-hours: 3649.1
review: nice
game-hours: 512.6
review: I LIKE DOTA2
game-hours: 261.9
review: the worst game i have ever played but i cant stop playing
game-hours: 315.1
review: 1st Hour: I have lost all calm 3rd Hour: This ing game is so irritating 6th Hour: Stockholm Syndrome is taking over
game-hours: 989.5
review: ...
game-hours: 804.4
review: great
game-hours: 2101.0
review: Sick
game-hours: 2408.2
review: come back
game-hours: 1697.1
review: after 1k hours of playing this game I have learnt a lot about cultures and diversity between people and how they are all alike. and then it taught me to hate them. 9/10 nerf meele cores pls
game-hours: 401.7
review: Nice game i would like to recommend this gameto all players around the world this awesome game :d2invoker: :d2invoker: :d2invoker: :d2invoker:
game-hours: 662.6
review: (Y)
game-hours: 1217.7
review: Best Moba game ever
game-hours: 1444.3
review: this is amazing games ever :v make fun everyday
game-hours: 454.6
review: Cool
game-hours: 661.0
review: if you want a new pinoy friend or maybe a few million then come onto this  came that starts with D - D i ck. Dota stands for D*ck On  Ass so that means pinoy.
game-hours: 1958.6
review: RECOMMENDED <3
game-hours: 2868.6
review: amazing
game-hours: 1504.1
review: awesome!!
game-hours: 1430.7
review: U KNOW WHY
game-hours: 829.3
review: Very Awesome Game ... This game taught me more about russians than any history textbook ever and at the same time helped me make a lot of new friends... 11/10
game-hours: 862.0
review: Dota is tight
game-hours: 1209.6
review: gem.
game-hours: 0.7
review: .. 0/10!
game-hours: 508.0
review: nice game on steam better played it
game-hours: 369.0
review: "Rip off of league of legends mama. Stolen ready up balls from cs go. Not original at all, plox fix riki, pudge, ursa, axe, invoker, bloodseeker, snipars, huskar, drow ranger, wind ranger, bristleback, enchantress, lion, enigma, lich, meepo, weaver, io. And to balance you need to buff pa please! she needs higher crit percentage and a further blink with longer slow. 420/1337 disney would buy half." ~IGN- Greg Miller
game-hours: 934.1
review: Well, totally it is really fun to play this game....sometimes not.... but great game.... I hope this game will be much better in future.
game-hours: 314.0
review: About this: - Nice graphic - Nice hero - Cool game Need to improve: - Need to make a new map - New game mode - If you can-_-. When the hero fight to another enemy hero, the hero talk to the enemy automaticly example: Bounty hunter: Lucifer!! Lucifer: what do you wan't? CAT!!! So the thing is Bounty hunter and Doom bringer talk automaticly when they fight
game-hours: 2120.8
review: a mix between soccer and chess that is exciting and faster than other games of its nature
game-hours: 884.0
review: Dota 2 is a good game that improve our relationship to other people through teamwork and coordination but as the game continued few people tend to discriminate others or tend to be a racist just because of misunderstanding of the gameplay but if you disregard other peoples' rude attitude then you will end up playing this game as fun and interesting! I recommend this game to the people who are open-minded and free of any bully! So play nicely and responsibly! Have fun!
game-hours: 661.5
review: Good. Fun. Exciting. Lots of surprises
game-hours: 1633.4
review: Best game ever helped me to speak 4 languages. Russian , Tagalog , Chinese , Thai Best game 10/100000069
game-hours: 1585.9
review: GGWP
game-hours: 407.3
review: NICE game
game-hours: 63.4
review: Very confusing even if you think you know a bit about MOBAs from playing League of Legends. Not recommended for people with no patience. I think this game is more complex and League of Legends even if it feels a little less responsive. Definitely a higher skill ceiling as well. Fun if you can get into it, frustrating and anger-inducing if you can't.
game-hours: 1285.3
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 462.2
review: nothing can compare
game-hours: 2047.3
review: kills friendships. 12/10
game-hours: 2258.8
review: You constantly learn new stuff about this game. Infuriating at times, but rewarding in the end. Amazing depth and many different ways to be successful, teamplay and playing with thought are very important though. Extremely few games have as much depth as this game has.
game-hours: 119.7
review: Very good game to all you MOBA lovers.
game-hours: 691.9
review: ohhh yaehhhhhh
game-hours: 3218.3
review: Dota 2 is fun.
game-hours: 1568.4
review: very good game
game-hours: 1652.4
review: amazing!
game-hours: 298.6
review: i love this
game-hours: 948.0
review: This game is awesome. What makes it ugly is the people playing it.
game-hours: 738.0
review: nice game. 5 start i give
game-hours: 189.3
review: ^^
game-hours: 1974.5
review: i liked
game-hours: 248.5
review: NICE GAME :)
game-hours: 1943.1
review: awsome game
game-hours: 2796.1
review: 10/10
game-hours: 1422.1
review: Not yet not yet
game-hours: 1684.4
review: dwadwa
game-hours: 607.2
review: Best Game
game-hours: 2456.1
review: best game ever!!
game-hours: 2030.5
review: Too good
game-hours: 1878.2
review: One of the most addicting gaming experiences I've had in some time.
game-hours: 53.4
review: If you like LoL (League of Legends) then you are gonna love this! DOTA 2 is said by one person "a mix of chess and football." It's quite true! The game game requires patience, timing, knowing where to attack and when, and working with your teamates. However its looks a lot more magical than other Click-Run games and I believe you aregonna have a great time with this game! (Just be sure to play the tutorial first, LOL) I would rate DOTA 2-9.7/10
game-hours: 691.3
review: Nice
game-hours: 1083.5
review: Nice game
game-hours: 475.1
review: Great Game for everyone!
game-hours: 715.3
review: This game is really awesome and got my interest in no time.
game-hours: 658.9
review: Nice graphics
game-hours: 461.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 537.3
review: Addicted !
game-hours: 1101.6
review: TO MUCH FUN
game-hours: 860.6
review: asdasdd
game-hours: 725.1
review: i like this games.Dota 2 so hard to play but its' so funny,i think that.
game-hours: 194.6
review: asdfghjkl
game-hours: 368.5
review: nc game
game-hours: 331.1
review: #one of the best games ever  bylat #yolo
game-hours: 427.5
review: It's fun to play with friends but when you get random ppl on your team, they'll most likely be russian and 99.9% of them can't speak english at all... Some of the ppl who play DOTA 2 will act like kids so you'll start raging and screaming on them, your mother might smack you if you yell to much, so be careful.
game-hours: 1164.4
review: BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD Half Life 3 confiremd  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD Gabe accept my seed  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD Better than LoL  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD  BLYAD
game-hours: 198.5
review: Step one: Download and install DotA2 Step two: Open and play Step three: Quit your education, and put all of your pocket money into this game Step four: Continue playing the game Step five: Watch your friends and family leave you Step six: Rent a low cost-apartment, and work at seven-eleven. Step seven: CONTINUE PLAYING THE GAME!!! Step eight: ??? Step nine: You're a multi millionare!!! Congradulations!
game-hours: 464.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 3.6
review: very super awesome!!!
game-hours: 2051.9
review: Okay game, I give it a 9/11.
game-hours: 548.1
review: Hell yeah!
game-hours: 1257.7
review: DOTA 2 1 OF THE MOST MY FAVORITE GAME SO ADDICTED TO THIS GAME 5 STAR :D
game-hours: 358.8
review: The game is so good, but the price is so high. So many players can't play this game.
game-hours: 1209.6
review: gem.
game-hours: 0.7
review: .. 0/10!
game-hours: 508.0
review: nice game on steam better played it
game-hours: 369.0
review: "Rip off of league of legends mama. Stolen ready up balls from cs go. Not original at all, plox fix riki, pudge, ursa, axe, invoker, bloodseeker, snipars, huskar, drow ranger, wind ranger, bristleback, enchantress, lion, enigma, lich, meepo, weaver, io. And to balance you need to buff pa please! she needs higher crit percentage and a further blink with longer slow. 420/1337 disney would buy half." ~IGN- Greg Miller
game-hours: 934.1
review: Well, totally it is really fun to play this game....sometimes not.... but great game.... I hope this game will be much better in future.
game-hours: 314.0
review: About this: - Nice graphic - Nice hero - Cool game Need to improve: - Need to make a new map - New game mode - If you can-_-. When the hero fight to another enemy hero, the hero talk to the enemy automaticly example: Bounty hunter: Lucifer!! Lucifer: what do you wan't? CAT!!! So the thing is Bounty hunter and Doom bringer talk automaticly when they fight
game-hours: 2120.8
review: a mix between soccer and chess that is exciting and faster than other games of its nature
game-hours: 884.0
review: Dota 2 is a good game that improve our relationship to other people through teamwork and coordination but as the game continued few people tend to discriminate others or tend to be a racist just because of misunderstanding of the gameplay but if you disregard other peoples' rude attitude then you will end up playing this game as fun and interesting! I recommend this game to the people who are open-minded and free of any bully! So play nicely and responsibly! Have fun!
game-hours: 661.5
review: Good. Fun. Exciting. Lots of surprises
game-hours: 449.2
review: wp
game-hours: 1109.7
review: !!!
game-hours: 1179.0
review: Best game i played so far :)
game-hours: 1704.0
review: THIS CAN RUIN YOUR LIFE IN A GOOD WAY
game-hours: 32.0
review: Maybe people say that this game is not fun or its not wow,i was say that but when i just tooked from my time 20 min and play the trainning i really really like the game its fun with friends and at the first it will be hard but when u rank up and be a good player the game will not be hard for u its the Best i recommend this game.
game-hours: 821.1
review: Have Fun,
game-hours: 4583.8
review: 1-One day , a wise man introduce me into this game."It shall protect your virginity , my lad" he said. 2- 9/10 I am still waiting for the tenth player confirm. 3-It is like roulette ; fun until it turns into Russian. 4-Side Effects Include: >Hatred of other humans >Lack of trust in others >Large ego >Weight gain >Weight loss 9/10 Doctors accepted this game on their recommendation list , but tenth was afk. 5-And you thought real life was struggle?
game-hours: 301.5
review: WOW WHAT LO GOOD GAME LA :)
game-hours: 3179.1
review: Learn russian in under 3000 hours
game-hours: 3158.3
review: 0  ,       ,      ,    .     ,    !          :D     : 1.  !!!     ... 2.        ,   -   ""     (      ) 3.    ,  (     ,   , -  ) 4.       - .    . 5.     (  ,     ) 6.-  !  10   (   ,    , )   ,   , ,       .    .   ,     , ,  ,    -  ! (   )   - . ___________________
game-hours: 647.6
review: wow
game-hours: 2903.7
review: Reminds me of Similiar game
game-hours: 457.4
review: YEAH
game-hours: 825.9
review: Y!!!!!
game-hours: 693.2
review: Great Game!!!
game-hours: 564.1
review: They see u when ur sleeping. The Russians are coming for you.
game-hours: 451.6
review: Well played!
game-hours: 1041.2
review: :d2naturesprophet:
game-hours: 1280.9
review: good game ever
game-hours: 1954.7
review: Really addictive amazing game. Be ready to b abused but its worth it.
game-hours: 1655.2
review: If you want to find my dad, then this game is for you. (     ,     )
game-hours: 1098.1
review: I have been playing for six months , and I really like , I advise everyone in it, though not much to play!))*
game-hours: 933.1
review: loving it
game-hours: 1136.6
review: I guess it's only fair that I review this game after sinking 800 hours into it in under a year. Let's just say that this game is not a good thing if you value your time. However, if you have months of your life to waste on a game, this is one of the best games you could waste them on.
game-hours: 405.4
review: Volvo... Pls...
game-hours: 1.8
review: Too hard, back to League I go....
game-hours: 1250.3
review: dsa
game-hours: 441.7
review: man jadda wa jadda
game-hours: 2.5
review: ntr-un fel seamn cu LoL dar ..
game-hours: 339.5
review: 10/10
game-hours: 1517.8
review: that's my love, not a game.
game-hours: 1823.4
review: Ruins friendships 10/10 would play again (includes free lessons of Russian Language)
game-hours: 1448.1
review: Such potential, trust me you won't be good at it for first 1k games. It's so good, but quite difficult game.
game-hours: 486.4
review: dota is love :)
game-hours: 49.4
review: Be good or be killed. Sadly I'm not good. Play it.
game-hours: 171.6
review: Epic characters with powerful skills, epic hats, a growing community and thousands of players to compete with, and hats! - all this in a universe formerly created by Blizzard, now developed by Valve. Did I mention hats? Personally I love this game for a great choice of different heros - excellent designs and voicing make them so fun to play! And don't forget the hats!
game-hours: 2097.5
review: most interesting game
game-hours: 388.7
review: Excellent game, recomend playing one character solidly to get used to the game and then branching out
game-hours: 512.9
review: I found my love, my girl of my dream ....my future wife .. but i chose dota over her <3
game-hours: 439.6
review: i like this game !
game-hours: 1542.3
review: Amazing this game
game-hours: 715.3
review: This game is really awesome and got my interest in no time.
game-hours: 658.9
review: Nice graphics
game-hours: 461.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 537.3
review: Addicted !
game-hours: 1101.6
review: TO MUCH FUN
game-hours: 860.6
review: asdasdd
game-hours: 725.1
review: i like this games.Dota 2 so hard to play but its' so funny,i think that.
game-hours: 194.6
review: asdfghjkl
game-hours: 368.5
review: nc game
game-hours: 331.1
review: #one of the best games ever  bylat #yolo
game-hours: 560.7
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1220.9
review: Game Hard. it's so cool.
game-hours: 17.3
review: Bueno
game-hours: 1841.6
review: U'll never get bored of playing this game!
game-hours: 769.5
review: gg
game-hours: 156.5
review: this game is amazing. hurbleburbleburble
game-hours: 82.8
review: im very xcited to play this game very much...
game-hours: 1371.2
review: The best game what i have played on steam ^^
game-hours: 1010.9
review: dota 2 is interesting to me :3 , i love it , >_<
game-hours: 1758.9
review: only game of my entire life
game-hours: 821.0
review: This Is a Very Fun MOBA Game Ive Played This game For a Long Time And never Got Bored Or Sick of it But On the Other Hand It Ruins Ur Life
game-hours: 1266.7
review: play,learn,make friends and dont ever talk !
game-hours: 677.2
review: Dota 2 is my best game in my life.....it s awesome game!
game-hours: 147.9
review: League of Legends has nothing on this game!!!!!!11111111111111111111111111
game-hours: 1659.2
review: no joguei muito, mas at agora parece ser legal
game-hours: 1107.8
review: Dota ruined my life and saved my soul
game-hours: 1097.9
review: An excellent game. I've been playing for years since and has yet to get stale.
game-hours: 331.9
review: Play DOTA 10/10
game-hours: 303.7
review: Is nice
game-hours: 1185.1
review: Love this game.... Hoping for more updates To come
game-hours: 1301.8
review: with 1k+ hrs on record, still loving it! definitely recommend to MOBA fans, especially dota 1 or LoL.
game-hours: 5.2
review: dont.....just dont........... I would rather stick my face in a toaster....
game-hours: 705.1
review: HI,ITS NICE MEET YOU! :)
game-hours: 1553.5
review: It's ok.
game-hours: 5077.5
review: troller for the WIN!
game-hours: 1201.2
review: very bad game do not play 10/10
game-hours: 1836.2
review: pantek
game-hours: 346.8
review: yes
game-hours: 1371.9
review: nice gamer
game-hours: 743.4
review: Awesome game :)
game-hours: 477.9
review: Never ever liked to play strategy games before.... This game I didn't want to try either... But after playing this....I realized that this one is different.... Like u literally play on the same map over and over and over again..... Yet u don't feel bored at all.... For the last few months i have played mostly dota ....... It really helped me get over game strategies... Now every single RPG game seems like knife and butter.... recommend it to everyone
game-hours: 6.1
review: you kill me, i kill you, i respwan, we restart the game....
game-hours: 401.8
review: nice
game-hours: 1096.4
review: Good
game-hours: 3120.9
review: Nice game
game-hours: 10787.1
review: My all time favourite game and defitnately something that i'll use money to buy customized items
game-hours: 1378.5
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 3176.8
review: lol
game-hours: 935.4
review: huge learning curve but once you got the hang of it you'll start to rekt faces. ez game ez life 10/10
game-hours: 2265.9
review: Dota,  :3
game-hours: 1652.5
review: 10/10 game is hard
game-hours: 1553.2
review: This game ruined my life
game-hours: 315.4
review: SO SUGOI CANT STOP PLAYING DOTA 2
game-hours: 1862.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 648.9
review: i disliked dota 2 now because hard to find drop item. should increase chance of drop item 1 game for 1 drop item.
game-hours: 732.7
review: gooooooooooooooooooooooood game.
game-hours: 1668.3
review: This Game Is Awesome!
game-hours: 1107.0
review: asasas
game-hours: 2871.8
review: asdsadsadasdsad
game-hours: 73.5
review: ^_^
game-hours: 2281.2
review: Nicee~
game-hours: 1189.3
review: XD
game-hours: 269.1
review: Great game. A true free to play game. Recommened for anyone that likes a challange and wants to play harder games than the normal fps.
game-hours: 530.8
review: It is cool game :)
game-hours: 1585.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 245.8
review: awsome
game-hours: 362.6
review: 69/420 would recommend playing this game. It ruined my social life and i am struggling with mental depression after being matched up with peruvians. The best way to learn new languagesis to feed and let your teammates break your ears(excessive shouting).
game-hours: 1056.6
review: gg dota
game-hours: 1130.8
review: GOOD GAME!
game-hours: 560.7
review: best game ever
game-hours: 2859.6
review: Dotinha
game-hours: 233.3
review: Dota 2.. The game that changed my life. The reason i have no girlfriend. The reason most people i know hate me and dont want to hang out with me. The reason i waste my money. THANKS VALVE
game-hours: 61.4
review: the lvl of epicness that comes from this game is OVER GOD DAMN 9000!!!!!
game-hours: 1789.6
review: Having played 1.400 hours of Dota 2 so far you can imagine I'm a big fan of the game and I love it, so I'm going to talk about the bad things Dota has instead of the good things.... Firstable Dota 2 is EXTREMELY hard to learn and play properly, this is a proble because many players could just leave this game after a couple of matches. Yes, there are some "Noob-friendly" heroes but I believe that learning and using properly a hero in Dota is the least difficult part of the game. Second bad thing about Dota 2 is MMR; I'm not saying that MMR(Ranked Matchmaking) is broken, doesnt work or things like those, I'm talking mostly about MMR calibration matches. I've played with some players that are actully able to play really well bur are still stuck in "MMR hell" with avg MMR of 1.5 k MMR. When you are there you are in the worst place you can be in Dota 2 because of the absurd amount of flamers, trolls and trash-talkers. Well, these are what I think to be the worst problems of this game; but I still strongly suggest to play this game because it's extremely funny and beautiful. REMEMBER: the community isn't just made of s, there is a bright side. I hope this was interesting :)
game-hours: 1723.5
review: You wanna play LoL? You better think twice and get your  over here.
game-hours: 669.9
review: good game
game-hours: 183.7
review: Nice
game-hours: 1284.6
review: good
game-hours: 1371.3
review: this game is best!
game-hours: 1044.6
review: Get ready to get addicted.
game-hours: 961.6
review: goood
game-hours: 1282.7
review: Dota 2 is the first MOBA game I've ever played, and it is AMAZING. I have a lot of games that I like to play, but Dota 2 tops the charts. It is an easy to learn hard to master type of game. Just the type I like. Most FTP games I know have ingame purchases that are practically crucial to progress through the game. That's not the case here. Dota 2 has ingame purchases but they're not absolutely needed to play, they're just for fun. One of my favorite parts of the game is that there is no end. Dota 2 isn't you made it past level 2, now go to level 3. You progress through the game by understanding and knowledge. Another huge plus is that it gives so many practice opportunities. From the training mode helping you learn mechanics of the game like last hits, to letting you practice your favorite heroes in bot matches. Lastly, the heroes themselves. All of them have their own twist one the game, and their own backgrounds. They have names that stick like Outworld Devourer and Razor. If they were just called mage or brute, it would sound like it would just be another spell-casting, strategic war game. But this is no war game, this is DOTA 2.
game-hours: 829.3
review: love it
game-hours: 241.4
review: It's nice but you'll get mad a lot
game-hours: 1999.7
review: really a good game and u wont get bored of HIGHLY RECCOMEND!
game-hours: 96.9
review: (Y)
game-hours: 1943.4
review: interested game. best game ever.
game-hours: 761.9
review: Dota is Life!! Cheers!!
game-hours: 0.4
review: K.
game-hours: 1300.4
review: yah
game-hours: 711.2
review: YOU HACKER!!!! IWILL FIND YOU!!!!
game-hours: 586.1
review: Pros: - Huge variety of heroes (More heroes are being added) - All heroes are unlocked from the start - Friendly Community - Doesn't need a huge or expensive graphics card, thus any person with a good/decent rig can play the game - Can be played offline by playing with bots or using LAN - Game is free to play - Continuous updates for the game are being done - Well improved graphics than Dota 1 - Doesn't get boring or repetitive due to the diverse amount of heroes and the time it takes to perfect every hero. - Perfects everything that was done in Dota 1 Cons: - Game is addictive - A decent internet speed is required due to constant updates and to play the game without any lags. - Time consuming (An average match takes about 40-35 minutes) Verdict: 9.5/10
game-hours: 2510.4
review: d
game-hours: 522.3
review: This is a great game with hours of fun if you like the first person shooter genre. but unfortunantly there is no multiplayer, and that can make the game boring after a while. but its fun every time i pop it into my PSVita.
game-hours: 1520.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 247.3
review: recommend this game! good quality and exciting
game-hours: 1896.1
review: I regret this so much.
game-hours: 3213.7
review: )
game-hours: 2056.5
review: have fun for steam games . . .
game-hours: 3581.6
review: Get mad at your friends: The Video Game 2 - Antimage has abandoned due to his battlefury timing being off by one minute.
game-hours: 1922.8
review: Gr8 game m8, wud r8 8/8.
game-hours: 515.2
review: The game is pretty much fun and interesting BUT the community of this game is totally mentaly ill. I get that this game brings some sort of competition on you but most of them are pretty much suffering of social problems. So yeah... game is fun but the community is ill.
game-hours: 5735.2
review: NOOB
game-hours: 50.4
review: If you enjoy playing with the best this world has to offer, this is your game.
game-hours: 656.6
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1439.9
review: EALL LOVE THIS GAME FO TUE SOVIET SPIIT, IT EMINS ME OF THE FIST TIME HEN I DIK VOKA HEN I AS 5 EAS OLD.
game-hours: 748.6
review: nice
game-hours: 632.8
review: deanff
game-hours: 359.2
review: nc
game-hours: 977.1
review: yes
game-hours: 224.5
review: awesome
game-hours: 378.5
review: nice
game-hours: 1151.2
review: best game ruine my life ! ty valve
game-hours: 804.6
review: Definitely a good game..
game-hours: 1159.6
review: Good Game
game-hours: 4000.3
review: ...
game-hours: 1437.4
review: very nice game
game-hours: 295.1
review: nice
game-hours: 1076.9
review: All right, goddammit, I admit defeat. Dota 2 is a huge game that takes place on one map that allows for many playstyles and strategies to flourish. The best part of the game are the holiday modes, which don't involve getting ed in the face by some dork who has played this game for way too long (mostly). Speaking of dorks, this game has a terrible ing community full of ragequitters, brats, tryhards, and dorks. Unfortunately Valve put in a system that allows people to commend or report other people, so griefing is not as painless and boy that won't be abused at all! Overall not very user friendly (especially for newbies) and actually a bit of a pain to play in regards to developing a playstyle, but don't let it shun you, because this game actually may get you to like MOBAs. I ing hated them and now look at me, talking excitedly about how I ganked an Invoker at Mid so I could level up Dagon to Level 3 and then OH MY GOD I AM THE ONE WHO SMELLS LIKE OLD MEAT NOW.
game-hours: 1216.7
review: ,   !
game-hours: 51.5
review: niceeee game
game-hours: 724.1
review: just a perfect game to sart playing on steam
game-hours: 4234.4
review: Super epic game, love it very much. Thanks valve :D
game-hours: 603.4
review: The Best moba i have played in my life!!!!!
game-hours: 120.4
review: Fun game
game-hours: 562.2
review: greeatt game
game-hours: 603.2
review: F*ck russians. ^-^
game-hours: 211.3
review: amazaing lovin it
game-hours: 213.6
review: I never played MOBA games before, but i got addicted to this :D
game-hours: 741.4
review: :..
game-hours: 1045.8
review: This game have everything! You can have so many different styles and roles in the team It's a game when you come close to your friends you're playing with.. You're building up a emotional realation and yiu get to know how your friends play By that you will have a fun time when you play! :D DOTA 2 is for all players, even if you are bad in the beginning, you will get better It's even more fun if you have a full 5 man party wth Skype, so you can have a fun time
game-hours: 283.2
review: Nice
game-hours: 306.4
review: Addictive Game
game-hours: 3.2
review: good game wannabe; not fun; slow; ugly, no reason to play this
game-hours: 219.9
review: good game
game-hours: 1106.0
review: Keren Dan Addictif
game-hours: 1078.3
review: awesome continuously improving!
game-hours: 582.3
review: Best Game Ever i played dota from 2006 until now
game-hours: 7.7
review: Excellent game, I hope that soon to be in Spanish Excelente juego, espero que pronto este en espaol XD
game-hours: 843.5
review: great game for relaxation and enjoyment
game-hours: 530.7
review: nice!
game-hours: 534.2
review: nice game :*
game-hours: 3934.0
review: YES
game-hours: 3041.2
review: my live my adventure ^_^
game-hours: 1921.0
review: THE ONLY ONE LAST LONGER !!!
game-hours: 666.0
review: Dota Two is a game of games. It is not for the faint of heart or the cheeky scrubs of the world. Also if you are peruvian please stop playing on US West Servers as you cause the game to lag and your lack of ability to communicate via english makes team work virtually impossible. Good luck in your endevours to conquer the world of Dota 2. Also  viper and  everything he stands for
game-hours: 837.2
review: This game is awesome
game-hours: 914.8
review: This game taught me about the diversity of cultures that our small little corner of the universe offers. Then it taught me to hate them all.
game-hours: 803.1
review: valve knows it all! up up up
game-hours: 3862.1
review: I recommend this game because it helps you enhance your communication skill in terms of english language and other languages also.. also the whole community is so active and SHOUTOUT to STEAMSUPPORT you guys really do a great job!
game-hours: 1284.7
review: ADDICTED
game-hours: 1395.5
review: i cant purchase my item on dota2 store...its show failed to initialize my transactions....help!!!
game-hours: 711.5
review: the best game
game-hours: 249.9
review: Great Game
game-hours: 859.5
review: n
game-hours: 702.1
review: This was really the easiest game of my life. The immense world of this sandbox game with an infinite crafting and building mechanism. The fact that the RPG element of it carries over between games is great!
game-hours: 681.6
review: SOOOO ADDICTING!!! Play this MOBA GAMES for NO REASON!!
game-hours: 960.4
review: game is hard
game-hours: 3429.7
review: It's ok
game-hours: 1133.1
review: I curiously played this game after a friend recommended it. I have experience with the first Dota, but 6 years after my last game I couldn't help thinking that this would be like the last one. The game itself is somewhat faithful to the first one, and because of that, I never had any trouble adapting to this. Good job by the developers.
game-hours: 1423.5
review: have a fun
game-hours: 541.6
review: :)
game-hours: 3026.5
review: -  .      !
game-hours: 341.2
review: ok
game-hours: 1264.1
review: Taught me more Russian than a Russian teacher 10/10
game-hours: 1367.3
review: GOOD :)
game-hours: 1322.8
review: THAT GAME DEVOUR UR SOUL
game-hours: 671.3
review: I liked pudge
game-hours: 1850.8
review: go go
game-hours: 1096.1
review: I like the community in this game, I recommend it!
game-hours: 552.1
review: :)
game-hours: 1945.1
review: Best MOBA game in the world !!!
game-hours: 2215.5
review: this game ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 744.5
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 331.6
review: Better than League of Legends
game-hours: 1837.5
review: This game makes you see that there are a vast variety of individuals and that you hate them all.
game-hours: 234.7
review: DEATH TO THE PERUVIANS!
game-hours: 1087.9
review: This game was horrible. i cant stop playing it.. gggghhhaaaddd.. !! this game sucks i got no money left cause i bought items in this game.
game-hours: 492.1
review: got called a  by a russian player 10/10
game-hours: 3200.6
review: dota 2 all days
game-hours: 554.6
review: This game changed my life. I like dota2 very much.
game-hours: 2381.3
review: +REP
game-hours: 8.6
review: The next installment of the league of the champions
game-hours: 374.7
review: good game :D
game-hours: 192.7
review: awesome game
game-hours: 157.3
review: God Bless
game-hours: 2036.4
review: lol is a real mans game.
game-hours: 1887.2
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 1440.3
review: ;)
game-hours: 578.5
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 548.9
review: Nice Game!...
game-hours: 1075.8
review: Good game, better than lol XD
game-hours: 532.7
review: Nice
game-hours: 1160.1
review: good game, :)))
game-hours: 2542.6
review: the greatest
game-hours: 2610.0
review: Good Game, TY
game-hours: 1521.8
review: I used to get A's.
game-hours: 824.2
review: One of the Best mobas out there
game-hours: 2015.5
review: ITS more fun!
game-hours: 1003.5
review: Good Game
game-hours: 1114.3
review: is very good
game-hours: 1474.1
review: mamy ebal
game-hours: 988.7
review: 11/10 -IGM "GOOD GAME. NO NEED TO PAY TO BECOME A PRO PLAYER !"
game-hours: 356.1
review: My first game on steam.... like most people... Great gameplay, lots of update, not repetitive, great publicity are some plus points...  community, hard to master are some minus points.... which i tend to ignore... well, enjoy it...
game-hours: 1166.8
review: the best game ever in the world. full strategy and teamwork
game-hours: 1814.2
review: Cant stop playing this game. the best game ever in the world
game-hours: 663.8
review: gg
game-hours: 2103.1
review: as
game-hours: 571.6
review: love playing this game
game-hours: 536.8
review: The hero you chooses representing you in the game..
game-hours: 619.5
review: Try it!
game-hours: 940.2
review: nice
game-hours: 255.2
review: just cant stop playing, this is th real " free to play" game, not the kind of games that "pay to win"
game-hours: 2227.4
review: i love dota2
game-hours: 896.8
review: This game will never die. Kudos to Ice Frog and all the makers since day 1 of the Defense of the Ancients up to the present Dota2.
game-hours: 2054.2
review: Really Fun Game, If You Like Stratergy/Team Games Then This Game Is For You, You Have A Variety Of 50+ ''Heros'' To Play, Some Are Harder Than Others To Master Yet Other Have here Pick On Whats Easy And What Not, Its A Really Fun Game, A Match Goes On For Around 30 Mins To An Hour It Can Get Really Addictive And Its Really Fun. I Recommend It, If You Like Stratergy And Games Where The Best Skill Is Teamwork
game-hours: 881.1
review: dota is my favourite game:>
game-hours: 1593.9
review: good job
game-hours: 470.5
review: DOTA 2
game-hours: 391.8
review: 11/10 would come to feed again~
game-hours: 530.8
review: Really like this game. Has me wanting to play it everyday
game-hours: 1522.5
review: ITS THE BEST GAME OF ALL TIME
game-hours: 58.9
review: Fun gaame with friends 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 1060.2
review: GOOD GAME :D
game-hours: 41.8
review: This game is ok gameplay, but you have to wait 10 minutes to find a match, then 9/10 people ready up, the last one doesn't, then you search again. Finally, you get into a game with 8 russians and 1 screaming 9 year old. Then everyone screams and hates eachother. 4/10
game-hours: 1641.3
review: Do not play this game. It is a bad game with arguably the worst community since YouTube comments.
game-hours: 1522.4
review: Im sick of all the russians talking their ..  and  , , they should just go .
game-hours: 2848.2
review: :)
game-hours: 2438.3
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 818.0
review: FUN!
game-hours: 1426.9
review: Good Game
game-hours: 1635.8
review: Just play it.
game-hours: 1415.9
review: Besides going around and finding a bunch of dumb players, and learning Russian, Dota 2 is the best MMO or RTS right now. With the frequent updates, and amazing development team, this game is a masterpiece so far! I can't wait for more updates and I recommend everyone to give it a chance. It might be complicated at the beginning but it's worth it! Practice makes perfect!
game-hours: 1031.1
review: im a girl, 10/10
game-hours: 2289.3
review: 1970 hours and i'm still
game-hours: 2442.4
review: Awesome game. I recommend it to anyone into MOBA's.
game-hours: 96.3
review: Too many russians here, where do I begin?
game-hours: 764.0
review: THIS GAME IS REALLY GOOD
game-hours: 990.1
review: good
game-hours: 731.1
review: Harder to get into than League of Legends, but not worse. Just different
game-hours: 195.7
review: My most playyed game hehe
game-hours: 866.6
review: A continuation of Dota 1 with overall better gameplay. Highly recommended to play!
game-hours: 1161.3
review: Best MOBA. Haters gonna hate.
game-hours: 10.0
review: Fun Game
game-hours: 2974.4
review: An EZ game.
game-hours: 469.1
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 2475.9
review: hi FIX THE ING SERVER
game-hours: 503.0
review: just a hobby :v play with friends n bla bla i dun like if u turn ths game into pay to win game >:v that sucks . thts all , im out (y)
game-hours: 2716.5
review: Certainly one of the best games ever
game-hours: 822.7
review: It's a game. Where you Defend Two Acients. *$120 later* WHAT AM I DOING WITH MY LIFE! GABE PLZ! VOLVO PLZ NERF!
game-hours: 647.8
review: dota 2 is nice game ...
game-hours: 3100.9
review: The training was fun, but the novelty of this game wore of too quickly. One level, the boss fight was repetitive, and has minimal replay value.
game-hours: 427.5
review: this game ruined my life 8/10 too much water
game-hours: 3940.8
review: Dota 2 did not fail to meet expectations and is an amazing remake* of its predecessor Dota!
game-hours: 6.2
review: The closest to sex I will ever get
game-hours: 2132.8
review: Nice
game-hours: 1523.8
review: oh mah gawdddd
game-hours: 2777.7
review: Very good free to play game, updates frequently, bugs get patched fast. Although the economy's a little ed, still makes for one of, if not the best, free to play game. 4.5/5
game-hours: 385.0
review: yeah
game-hours: 982.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 3705.3
review: ZAEBCA
game-hours: 1345.5
review: The best game in world.
game-hours: 61.3
review: its the bee's knee's
game-hours: 865.0
review: this game is great even now they have bot fight got level item and win sstat this is great :D
game-hours: 351.5
review: One of the most exciting games Ive ever played :D
game-hours: 503.5
review: Don't play pudge whatever you do. No one will like you. I swear it's true.
game-hours: 762.3
review: ^_^
game-hours: 5972.3
review: nice
game-hours: 1036.3
review: Thats good. . .
game-hours: 1682.2
review: .....
game-hours: 258.1
review: dear valve, ggwp! thanks for sever that always dc when trying to end the game. fix your server before doing something international. plase fix your sever. i dont always play dota but when i do, putang ina mo sever dc dc dc dc dc and dc again and again.
game-hours: 1224.9
review: I Like Dota 2 , Very Very Nice Game
game-hours: 1081.6
review: NICE GAME !!!
game-hours: 1877.6
review: This is perfect for people who like animals and maps and magic.
game-hours: 1437.5
review: BEST GAME EVER!
game-hours: 64.4
review: Best game ever, everyone should play this game. 99,9% taking life.
game-hours: 35.8
review: this game omg... in wot m8
game-hours: 678.8
review: i love this game so much. because the graphics and animation are cool!
game-hours: 669.5
review: GG GAN! #ROADTO4KMMR
game-hours: 1514.6
review: ,      1000 ,
game-hours: 454.3
review: cool if you drop a bundle or arcana for me. i've played for 200+ hours but i still got nothing. zzzz
game-hours: 268.5
review: Awesome game it gives me the horn!!! lol ;-)
game-hours: 2103.1
review: wew
game-hours: 691.9
review: addicted cool ;-)
game-hours: 568.0
review: my game void
game-hours: 738.4
review: nice game la
game-hours: 643.8
review: Very very nerdy game
game-hours: 1019.6
review: Amazing! This game is definitely the best game on the whole of steam, it maybe free but thats great! This game is a MOBA but it is a very competetive enjoyable game with a fantasy aspect to it! LoL or League of Legends is a attemted copy of this game but they failed and Dota 2 cannot be thought of as worse than LoL because it's a lot more fun and it's a more fair type of game! GET IT NOW! If you want to
game-hours: 1016.5
review: well played!
game-hours: 3684.7
review: Like!
game-hours: 176.8
review: They're all s.
game-hours: 2434.4
review: Good luck have fun
game-hours: 1868.9
review: no
game-hours: 631.8
review: This game is amazing, there do need to be some nerfs (cough cough, Phantom Assassin), but a much harder game than LoL, which means pro, or gtfo.
game-hours: 1119.2
review: Decent game.
game-hours: 1541.0
review: Give me back my life!
game-hours: 1281.2
review: I only played a little but it was fun.
game-hours: 1961.4
review: Guide to living the good life in dota: 1) Either learn russian or get a group of friends who speak your language. 2) dont play riki or pudge 3) don't grow any s otherwise your life will be ruined by this game. 4) "noob mirana, uninstall!" Good luck out there scrubs. you will need it.
game-hours: 2059.0
review: 101% would play.
game-hours: 2115.1
review: Too expensive to be worthwhile, no replayability, seeing as there is only one map. They didn't even try to expand on what Dota 1 was, it's like they just copied the game, changed a few mechanics, and updated the graphics slightly. Riot please fix.
game-hours: 1753.5
review: This strategy/RPG hybrid is an amazing fast paced battle arena. The only bad thing about this kind of game is that a part of the community is really awful, criticizing your every move in game. Anyway, give it a try, specially if you are into strategy and RPG.
game-hours: 458.6
review: Good Game
game-hours: 0.1
review: lol is better
game-hours: 472.3
review: really really competitive and very powerful characters love it :D best MOBA !
game-hours: 563.1
review: Just Play to be amaze!
game-hours: 1649.7
review: i really want this game
game-hours: 268.2
review: This Game Is So Fun .. Im Happy That DotA2 Made :D :D :D
game-hours: 3481.9
review: wonderful game :D
game-hours: 1035.8
review: haloooo
game-hours: 328.4
review: men!
game-hours: 19.9
review: DOTA 2 > LOL I DEFINITELY RECCOMEND THIS GAME TO ANYONE WHO LIKES A CHALLENGE AND HASP LAYED LEAGUE BEFORE.
game-hours: 2092.3
review: its just awesome
game-hours: 867.2
review: it was good
game-hours: 2536.3
review: gl hf
game-hours: 1640.6
review: The best MOBA game in the planet :V
game-hours: 546.2
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 1943.4
review: best game ever just fix servers
game-hours: 577.1
review: The Durka is real.
game-hours: 2083.1
review: Good :)
game-hours: 513.8
review: sugoii
game-hours: 1540.2
review: nice dota 2
game-hours: 2187.0
review: reviewed
game-hours: 657.4
review: the best action Strategy game ever played very competitive.
game-hours: 931.9
review: Kony Approved 10/10
game-hours: 864.8
review: GG WP-  , . " ,   !!-  12\10
game-hours: 1166.0
review: thank you for game
game-hours: 4625.7
review: fun and addicting :D
game-hours: 654.7
review: Great Game Ever!
game-hours: 572.2
review: 10/10. Masturbated.
game-hours: 717.6
review: Amazing game. Nothing more to say, the game says it all. A must try!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 954.9
review: .......
game-hours: 690.7
review: This is a great game, very fun and will keep you entertained infinitely. 10/10 Would Waste Life Again
game-hours: 2699.7
review: gg wp
game-hours: 2758.3
review: wadepley
game-hours: 740.0
review: COEGG INSIDE
game-hours: 1241.8
review: Dota 2 is the best :D
game-hours: 4799.5
review: 100% life steal
game-hours: 1109.1
review: Aahhh Dota 2. Goodbye real life. Hello there my cave. A thousand hours and more...
game-hours: 1433.1
review: Addicted
game-hours: 705.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 692.5
review: Addiction In It's Finest Form!!!!
game-hours: 1502.8
review: Recommended if you're looking for some stressful and full of spanish and russian speaking people entertainmeint
game-hours: 517.0
review: it is better to have every level item drop coz it's level is now useless
game-hours: 354.4
review: Lots of unique characters and skills. Teamwork is vital to win
game-hours: 414.0
review: EVIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIL\!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 2499.4
review: game bagus
game-hours: 1032.3
review: i like
game-hours: 2179.1
review: doto best game
game-hours: 3977.0
review: Gank()
game-hours: 1879.0
review: Pure Skill, No luck
game-hours: 379.6
review: Has more pr0n artwork than skyrim 10/10
game-hours: 940.2
review: best game ever <3
game-hours: 343.3
review: Play with Russians for like 300 matches. Then play a single match with West-Europeans and you'll be reported and moved into low-priority - in a botmatch. I didn't even do anything wrong. My friend was trolling - I get reported. Fairness Only playable with russians.
game-hours: 270.5
review: I love Dota 2 :*
game-hours: 437.8
review: Dota 2 is a real team game and you need to be creative to combine your hero abilities with your self and your team mates to kill your enemies.the time is really have matter like gold,one second you waste you give two second to enemy to grow or recover.items is very important and you will choose useful items or you will have hard times.this game is the best game ever that i see.
game-hours: 0.3
review: What
game-hours: 919.6
review: this is very addict game, you must careful enough to play it, cause your time can be reduce with this game.. so far this the most exellent game ever.. god like!!!!!
game-hours: 711.9
review: DOTA 2 is a simple tower defense game, with a huge number of unique hero options that give the game great depth and variability! I have never had so much fun with a FREE game! If you like RPG and tower defense, then you are going to love playing DOTA. There is a bit of a learning curve, but I found mastering one character first helped me get over that hump. Then here are only like 150 other heros to master after that....
game-hours: 696.7
review: Nothing to say. 5 years playing dota 1 n dota 2. This game is my life.
game-hours: 885.4
review: DOTA 2 is a highly strategic-teamwork-heavy game where the objective is to infilitrate the enemy base and destroy their ancient, but there are towers defending the base aswell as enemies. You must level up, gain gold and purchase items to upgrade your character to compete with the 5 players on the other team. There is a very very vaste variety of heroes to choose from, it is recommended that you play them all, to know their weaknesses, strengths and just for fun! It's a little confusing at first, but it's a blast once you get some friends to play with, a mic, and some practice. I highly recommend downloading this FREE game if you are looking for a strategic game that requires teamwork. If you have alot of free time, this game is great, because a single game can take 25 min to 1.5 hours!
game-hours: 1482.6
review: 1500 hours wasted
game-hours: 239.9
review: i like it
game-hours: 902.5
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 13.5
review: The BEST GAME EVER OF THE UNIVERSE (ok,no)
game-hours: 424.5
review: it is so challenging, i recommend it to others cuz they can also earn money from this game.
game-hours: 871.0
review: Best game
game-hours: 1248.3
review: it is like legue of legends. 4 apples out of 3
game-hours: 837.8
review: My Favourite Game
game-hours: 365.2
review: Its my Favorite game in 2011 like as Warcraft III into Dota 2. i change from warcraft III to dota 2, quality graphic is good.
game-hours: 1067.9
review: And they said don't do meth...
game-hours: 39.5
review: Dota 2 is a great game. I love it but it's not for everyone. Don't take this the wrong way because it's awesome but you shouldn't play this if you don't want to get screamed at or scream yourself. Everyone in Dota thinks that they know best and some times they do but if you screw up just once (because once is all it takes to loose in Dota) they will tear you a new one before you can apologize. Repentence for this treatment you are given a great moba which is sooooo much better than lol. You actually have to work as a team and everyone matters. The game is won and lost by your very actions. It's great and competitive and super fun. It looks nice and runs nice, it just takes some practice to get good at. Once you are good or atleast reasonable you can just sit back and enjoy (I'm not saying you won't rage at noobs or your own mistakes). 15/15 acing it everyday. Thats Dota 2!
game-hours: 1388.6
review: DRRR!
game-hours: 666.9
review: this game is awesome...
game-hours: 1357.2
review: well played
game-hours: 1576.7
review: <3 wala tlagang tatapat sa dota :)
game-hours: 672.9
review: Dota2 is so nice and cool game :) add me on dota2 or offer me :)
game-hours: 1094.9
review: YES
game-hours: 991.4
review: It is a life
game-hours: 513.8
review: Fun game but item is easily scammed
game-hours: 520.7
review: nice
game-hours: 266.8
review: DOTA2 !   GG WP GOOD LUCK HAVE FUN ^^ PLAY THE GAME AND ENJOY THE MOMENT
game-hours: 443.7
review: good game
game-hours: 505.9
review: :)
game-hours: 37.7
review: Muy bueno
game-hours: 496.6
review: nobody wants to 1v1 me mid
game-hours: 212.1
review: NICE GAME !! CAN'T STOP EVEN IT'S BANNED !! HAHAHAHAH
game-hours: 1467.6
review: i like 2 play dota2 dota2 make me happy
game-hours: 1164.5
review: Killed Elsa in-game. 10/10
game-hours: 2435.9
review: Enjoyable game
game-hours: 497.4
review: d
game-hours: 75.9
review: Best game
game-hours: 3359.6
review: Russians.
game-hours: 310.6
review: Very nice game!!
game-hours: 1691.4
review: nice
game-hours: 1.3
review: asfasf
game-hours: 159.0
review: Great game.. Meet new types of slavic players and learn Russian at the same time.. You thought this game was a MOBA? No. This is RBAG. Russian Based Arena Game. I rate 10/10 because IGN would do the same.
game-hours: 559.5
review: GG
game-hours: 3396.3
review: Djafklgh
game-hours: 427.9
review: this game make me happy, i can meet much people around the world
game-hours: 2598.1
review: i need a second life to play this D:
game-hours: 339.1
review: DotA 2 is a great game! When you guys wanna win the round Teanwork is needed. Although sometimes we meet some noob teamates just bear it and lead them to the road of victory. Lastly, personal skills is still needed XDD
game-hours: 799.5
review: addicted =)
game-hours: 851.2
review: this game is good
game-hours: 1044.8
review: This game have many good aspect:big choice of heros,huge online, customization for almost every heros.Beside you can select your region and language to comfortable play.Dota 2 is first game(that i know)where you can create your lobby and use console commands for fun.But in other side there are many inadequate players who spoil game for everybody,VALVE create low priority system for they,but they create new accounts play in normal priority. For me Dota2 is way to kill time.
game-hours: 1707.5
review: nice
game-hours: 0.8
review: It's free
game-hours: 1758.4
review: great game
game-hours: 899.7
review: One map but this game creates thousand skills and experiences, godlike :D
game-hours: 808.3
review: best game ever
game-hours: 729.4
review: 10/10 You can play a tree
game-hours: 2237.7
review: Venomancers face looks like a
game-hours: 1852.7
review: really good game and fun
game-hours: 1421.4
review: Possibly the only F2P game that relies solely on skill to win. If you are a new player, I must warn you that this is not JUST A GAME. It is a sport. Obvioulsy, you need to invest time into it because it is so competitve. Time not only playing the game, but also reading guides and watching pro games to help you learn faster. Very few online games out there have you play with 9 other people like this game does. In MMO's you raid one big boss together - basically spam you abilities to take the beast out with minimal communication. In Counter Strike, communication is important but as far as your opponent players go, they're just points (heads) on the screen that you need to shoot before they do. In DotA 2, the enemy heroes are a lot more than just points and the objective(s) is not to get the most kills. People say the community is bad and this is probably the biggest argument there is against this game. Like I always do to players that I don't understand, or if I think they don't know what they're talking about, I just mute them. You can also report bad players and push them into Low Priority. So the game does enough to help reduce your frustration. This is the best game I have ever played. Thank you volvo for making this possible :)
game-hours: 1911.7
review: good
game-hours: 442.8
review: :)well played
game-hours: 1417.2
review: Just paly it!
game-hours: 1468.9
review: This game is awesome and i really like strategy games
game-hours: 430.9
review: Killed a woman riding a sabertooth. 10/10
game-hours: 1037.9
review: I pick North American servers, specify English as my language, and everyone on my team is from SEA. 10/10 GG WP Volvo
game-hours: 1159.9
review: nice keep it up!!
game-hours: 1162.4
review: Be me a game developer for a free to play game that is loved by thousands... but how do I make the money? A few people will buy my cosmetic items at $30 a pop but what if I could get thousands to buy my stuff for $1 or $2 dollars how much more money could I make?
game-hours: 517.4
review: 123456eo'[ mj asdip[miiozxhycgt789pqc3429xs34[s4xcy1y9p23cc3413hy=-xrtrc kl2314515462n5463x231o/23454asdasdasdasdasdasdasdasdasdasdasdasx7312z34612k[84asdasdasdasdas64z8792379mio/;12c216531564564sdad5
game-hours: 874.4
review: Better language learner than rosetta stone
game-hours: 3760.3
review: good
game-hours: 535.7
review: Great learning experiance, this game has taught me that the geography they teach in school is wrong and that Russia Brazil and Peru are all located in the U.S. 10/10 would learn again
game-hours: 822.8
review: Nice strategy game
game-hours: 1228.4
review: Get insulted in languages you don't understand while constantly dieing. 10/10 Would Bang.
game-hours: 5.0
review: dota pa more
game-hours: 971.2
review: Killed my social life. 10/10
game-hours: 1921.6
review: HMMM HMMMM HMMM .... hmmm !!!
game-hours: 436.2
review: goodd
game-hours: 579.2
review: Nothing to say... It just "AWESOME"
game-hours: 2085.1
review: I love this game
game-hours: 407.3
review: Good Game Well Play!~
game-hours: 662.8
review: Write a review for Dota 2
game-hours: 5108.8
review: gets me addicted in a good way so i dont get myself into drugs or something worse =) love dota2
game-hours: 465.9
review: awesome
game-hours: 642.6
review: good game :D my life
game-hours: 4863.1
review: love it
game-hours: 578.2
review: MOST STRATEGIC GAME OF ALL
game-hours: 3617.2
review: A game that you can never be tired of despite it's community being toxic. 10 out of 10.
game-hours: 66.0
review: i love this game :D
game-hours: 976.1
review: Nice i like it
game-hours: 1078.0
review: yes
game-hours: 497.7
review: Now I am fluent in Russian. Thanks Dota!
game-hours: 157.3
review: riki set
game-hours: 813.4
review: BEST. GAME. EVER. three words to describe the game
game-hours: 1398.3
review: best game ever
game-hours: 941.6
review: cant see my life without this AWESOME game!!!
game-hours: 3050.2
review: best game
game-hours: 2894.3
review: OYNAYIN ULAN DEVELER!
game-hours: 2426.4
review: the best games
game-hours: 1077.6
review: nais
game-hours: 238.0
review: i like this..
game-hours: 2090.2
review: Review
game-hours: 504.9
review: good game
game-hours: 2502.2
review: u valve...u always gimme me some noobs in team and then ban me for everything.. u all
game-hours: 516.8
review: nice
game-hours: 1148.6
review: Dota 2 has a very friendly community I started playing the tutorial after i downloaded the game, next i played with bots, after that i played with humans and i said "First time at Dota" and all 9 players at game said "lol ggwp noob" 11/10
game-hours: 1811.5
review: Best action-strategy game of all time.
game-hours: 3051.5
review: Good luck
game-hours: 287.1
review: Best game evar! :)
game-hours: 1574.7
review: Dota 2 is easily my favorite moba, and one of my favorite games of all time. The game may be hard to pick up at first, but after you figure out the basics, Dota 2 becomes an addiction. Dota 2 has you striving to be a better player every game you play, even if it's learning a something simple like stacking jungle creeps, you are constantly trying to pick up something new that you can use in future games. Although you will find a surprising amount of aggressive "teammates" who pick on other teammates and can't admit to their own mistakes, it won't stop you from playing. The Dota 2 shop is always being stocked with new cosmetics to buy for your favorite hero, or if you like your chances, you can buy a chest and hope for a rare set or the set that you fancy the most. The game itself gets a steady stream of updates that keeps the game fresh and can change how a hero is best played entirely. All in all, Dota 2 is an amazing game that I recommend anyone should get and atleast give it a shot.
game-hours: 940.2
review: es el mejor juego que jugue luego del dota 1 :3 is the best game moba after dota 1 hehehee lel
game-hours: 1603.0
review: Lace Up
game-hours: 92.9
review: DOTA. DOTA. DOTA FOREVER :) Great, Texture quality, rigged model to perfections, particles at its finest :D Gameplay? of course, all Dota players should know.
game-hours: 596.5
review: nice
game-hours: 1431.2
review: sak karepmu cok
game-hours: 715.7
review: :D
game-hours: 361.7
review: best
game-hours: 890.5
review: =D
game-hours: 56.8
review: Nice ^^
game-hours: 1615.7
review: Fun and competitive game
game-hours: 455.3
review: very nice game
game-hours: 2125.8
review: DotA 2 is a MOBA with a large community following! IM sure you have all seen some kind of gameplay whether it be on youtube or anything else. This game sucks for the first 25 hours if you havent played another MOBA style game, beause there are SO many features and skills you have to learn! but I assure you, the first hours of pain are worth the following thousands to come! I have been playing this game on and off for about two years now, as my first MOBA apart from a brief introduction to the WoW DotA. I love it and have tried several MOBA'S since, such as LoL and HoN but never really got into them. DotA 2 has the same old valve skins system where you can buy cosmetic items for your heroes, ranging from a few cents to hundreds of dollars. However unlike LoL you do not need to pay for any hero or in game feature as it is completely FREE! I reccomend picking this game up and sticking to it until you get the hang of it as it is surely worth it. The community in DotA is like what you would expect in any other online game, you get the good and the bad. Hope this helped! 8/10
game-hours: 1130.0
review: not bad if you want to kill your bad time
game-hours: 1.1
review: Nice Game Very Good Graphics
game-hours: 1111.2
review: GG
game-hours: 1530.5
review: xD
game-hours: 1065.1
review: Better than LOL
game-hours: 3.5
review: This game is awesome and BELIEVE THAT!! XD
game-hours: 5960.5
review: i broke up with my grillfriend for this.
game-hours: 1004.7
review: Best game of all time
game-hours: 862.6
review: I LIKE IT:))VERY MUCH
game-hours: 2365.3
review: Doto is the best
game-hours: 2479.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 1288.4
review: Bello!
game-hours: 1945.9
review: Worse than cancer. Would play another 1.5k hours
game-hours: 1549.7
review: Hi , i've been playing Dota 2 for 2 years already . Before that Dota for 3 years , This is a great game to play . For new players , don't be shy to ask ur friends ffor help if u have problems with the gameplay. If u get scolded , thats just normal for Dota2 newbie players.
game-hours: 633.4
review: wow
game-hours: 178.8
review: game
game-hours: 235.0
review: I like this game because its too awesome!
game-hours: 42.3
review: ?
game-hours: 1565.9
review: Very good game
game-hours: 2717.2
review: Great for playing with friends, bore several times but then becomes a habit win or lose, the important thing is the fun
game-hours: 1565.8
review: The best game ever >.<
game-hours: 1229.0
review: its ok
game-hours: 1443.3
review: a very addictive game that will take over your life with its incredibly fun playstyle
game-hours: 460.4
review: Good Game
game-hours: 1122.9
review: LIFE-CHANGING!!
game-hours: 3202.9
review: goodjob
game-hours: 1349.1
review: 9/10 prevents you from passing exams
game-hours: 239.6
review: I have to admit it's a pretty fun game, after playing it for a while, it really does feel like most of the heroes are completely unbalanced. If you're going against an experienced team or even higher difficulty bots, you're bound to struggle and get frustrated. I'm kind of on and off with this game, but I uninstalled and really don't feel like playing again. New players are going to find this game hard to play, especially when matched with more experienced players, it takes time to even figure out what to do most of the game after starting and before ending. Everyone should at least try it!
game-hours: 1248.8
review: Really fun game when you find teammates that don't intentionally feed, teammates that speak english, and when the servers stay up long enough for you to actually play the game in the first place.
game-hours: 3173.3
review: ,   :)
game-hours: 1329.8
review: The Best Game In the World
game-hours: 1109.0
review: GOOD Game For having fun
game-hours: 998.8
review: dota 2 is very so good game...
game-hours: 879.7
review: f*cking blood sucking game.....
game-hours: 1110.1
review: made me want to club seals in rage, 10/10 best fps
game-hours: 1183.1
review: awesome game ever
game-hours: 1179.9
review: Razbijam !
game-hours: 441.2
review: GG
game-hours: 1556.9
review: It's not a just game with strategy but it's a medium of social experiment that can show you what the real you, consistency, mind, tolerant, teamwork and many other. It's not just CM but it is you AS crystal maiden
game-hours: 2327.0
review: lately, servers often have problems that cause lag
game-hours: 754.0
review: bla bla bla dota 2 yolo lolo
game-hours: 997.9
review: good game
game-hours: 96.8
review: 10/10 moba way funnier then LoL
game-hours: 3170.5
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 857.8
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 767.2
review: 600 hours in 6 months. 10/10 would ruin life again
game-hours: 230.4
review: Cool Game Need to br played
game-hours: 795.9
review: WTS All item In game PO (Bayar Lalu tunggu 7DAY) Thx :D
game-hours: 808.7
review: LOL
game-hours: 545.5
review: the best game ever!! ^_^
game-hours: 381.8
review: I like this game, it completes my day and earn more friends and teammates to play dota with other players. helps me alot. :)
game-hours: 1634.5
review: Nice..!!
game-hours: 398.2
review: At first I thought that MOBAs in general were terrible, I played the DOTA 2 tutorial and played ten matches then uninstalled the game. I really didnt like playing the game because every time I played I was shouted at and put in low priority. About a year later after my friends insisted that I play I started afresh and managed to quickly find my feet and DOTA 2 is now one of my favourite all time games. The steep learning curve makes DOTA 2 hard to get into but after you start understanding tactics and mastering characters it becomes an amazing game. The hundreds of characters, items, playstyles, etc. make every game fresh and exciting. If you manage to make your way out of the (noob/pinoy) bracket of players then suddenly the game opens up with possibilities and becomes one of the best games that I have ever played. It will keep you entertained for years and years.
game-hours: 259.6
review: Good game (Y)
game-hours: 565.0
review: it's fun
game-hours: 1206.8
review: GGWP
game-hours: 1764.4
review: Best of the best
game-hours: 483.1
review: For anyone wanting to play this game, prepare for it to suck your soul away!(In a good sense.) The gameplay is addictive and no two matches are the same. However, the gameplay is diffrent from most games in the sense of the stratagy and the Skills of your "Hero". Essentially, theres two teams of 5 heros in the game, and the battle out in 3 "lanes", I'm not going to explain these terms, as thats something you should see for yourself, or reasearch for yourself if you want to know more. 10/10: Game of the year all day everyday.
game-hours: 828.4
review: good game
game-hours: 3345.1
review: I hate this game so much. It has taken my life away from me. I lost everything, my home, my family, my friends do not get hooked to this game. I am very depressed and wish someone could kill me. 10/10 would not play this game.
game-hours: 941.5
review: Dota 2 > LoL
game-hours: 1609.1
review: i love it, its like a chess game but with team work
game-hours: 2976.9
review: One day its time to say goodbye steam :( I just don't want to waste another day I'm trying to make things right But you shove it in my face And all those things you've done to me I can't erase And I can't keep this inside It's time to say goodbye On the first day that I met you I should have known to walk away I should have told you you were crazy And disappear without a trace But instead I stood there waiting Hoping you would come around But you always found a way to let me down It's time to say goodbye I just don't want to waste another day It's time to say goodbye Cause things will never be the same After all the things I've done for you You never tried to do the same It's like you always play the victim And I'm the one you always blame When you need someone to play with you I will be not there It's time to say goodbye I just don't want to waste another day It's time to say goodbye Cause things will never be he same It's time to say goodbye Now I'm gone It's too late You can't fix Your mistakes I was trying to save you from you So you feel sad friends So you cry friends I can see Through your lies You're just trying to change me Somewhere in the distance There's a place for me to go I don't want you to hate me steam But I think you need to know You're weighing on my shoulders And I'm sick of feeling down So I guess it's time for me to say goodbye for studies One day my time will come to say goodbye!
game-hours: 9844.9
review: Great pvp experience, steep learning curve but one of the best pvp multiplayer games ever made, and definitely one of the best PC games on the market right now.
game-hours: 948.1
review: Hello all, Dota 2 is a fantastic game. It requires skill, stratergy and patience. On the downside its quite addictive. Overall if you know how to manage your time, it quite the fun package one expects any game to be.
game-hours: 261.9
review: I love this game so much it like a whole new world playing it
game-hours: 2552.6
review: i love dota2
game-hours: 703.3
review: nice
game-hours: 403.8
review: If you liked Dota you'd like Dota 2 If you like MOBA's in general then you'll love Dota 2
game-hours: 1199.0
review: =)
game-hours: 477.4
review: Best!
game-hours: 3731.7
review: i like it =)
game-hours: 911.3
review: 10/10 best game i have ever perfect recreation of the first dota game
game-hours: 554.9
review: good moba :D
game-hours: 1118.4
review: :)
game-hours: 253.4
review: This game is the worst thing i ever played in my life. Nothing but the worst community i ever seen people who last hit kill the creeps your attacking to steal your gold,and always steal your kills, and you will get targeted and people will cheatingly find you and kill you only, and there is no teamwork unless your playing with friends i do not recommend this game cause if you want anything to customize your characters the ing drop system is worst than tf2 basically saying buy if you want it. And the store ing really 200 or 300 dollars for a weapon or a head item. this is basically to drain you of your money and life. If you play this game your wasting your life.
game-hours: 128.9
review: Ruined my life and got vac banned for no reason 10/10
game-hours: 2559.9
review: yea!
game-hours: 545.1
review: IT So GOOD!!
game-hours: 660.9
review: I almost died once.
game-hours: 1629.6
review: DOTA 2 updates are getting better! KUDOS!
game-hours: 1934.5
review: hmm
game-hours: 275.0
review: DoNt DoWNloAD iZ nO LEague Of LEgunDZ 0/10 Wuld NOT PlAy
game-hours: 1957.9
review: The game is very intresting. Quite addictive. The bad thing is F2P style. I wish it would cost fixed price. I've never spent a cent in game like this.
game-hours: 1096.8
review: HI :) This Game IS Good For ALL :)
game-hours: 1496.1
review: The basketball equivalent of eSports, with a company behind it that owns the dominating distribution platform for video games. The same company which happened to snag up the original creator of DotA, and granting him a golden shower of two dollar bills. What could go wrong? The tutorial is an embrassasment at worse, and at best a testament to the fact that it's hard to get in to this game. Frankly given the sh*t tutorial, mindset of your average player (including players frequently triggering teammates to spite them) and the learning cliff of this game, I'm amazed this game isn't exculsively played by a tiny majority of unhinged players.
game-hours: 8.2
review: .       .
game-hours: 2451.5
review: EZ
game-hours: 1000.3
review: It is cool, now play it.
game-hours: 3019.4
review: Its hard to find good games, and couple of months ago i found Dota 2! Trust me you will enjoy it, give it try!
game-hours: 2200.6
review: its ok
game-hours: 2537.5
review: im the best greenland player in the world my mmr is 1337
game-hours: 946.1
review: dota is good
game-hours: 161.2
review: wow
game-hours: 7624.1
review: very good game...
game-hours: 2200.4
review: This game's going downhill with its cosmetics. Game is only fun when you're playing with your friends. Community is terrible. [Fortunately, mute button is available.] Tournaments brings nothing new = "We're out of cool/original ideas... slap in an all star match and a compendium." Wouldn't recommend it if you're new to the genre.
game-hours: 1552.6
review: yes
game-hours: 2407.2
review: Very ez game. First you kill creeps, then you kill heroes. You kill creeps again then heroes and then you finish.
game-hours: 1428.9
review: MOBA game most perfect. support the creative community make the items they want
game-hours: 1021.0
review: recomended this game
game-hours: 261.0
review: I like this game, not just a game its a friendly game and strategy game. Kudos.
game-hours: 852.8
review: It's Rosetta Stone in a murderous name-calling racism simulator
game-hours: 2039.0
review: if i could rename this game, it would be bend you over and  you because thats all its done for me so far
game-hours: 3159.4
review: it's ok
game-hours: 379.3
review: VERY COOL GAME
game-hours: 34.0
review: awww
game-hours: 3077.8
review: good
game-hours: 6.9
review: It's a really good game for time spending
game-hours: 2516.1
review: go pasani
game-hours: 2590.7
review: Nice
game-hours: 713.4
review: Dota 2 Is Better Than LoL
game-hours: 1766.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 2053.9
review: i do like this game
game-hours: 1036.2
review: (Y)
game-hours: 489.6
review: nice game :)
game-hours: 719.6
review: Dota 2 is gpod and nice game
game-hours: 1439.5
review: :3
game-hours: 4175.7
review: Best game ever. 5/5
game-hours: 5842.7
review: u r my 2nd love
game-hours: 802.6
review: Nice game
game-hours: 11.1
review: Latest in torture devices from Hell , DOTA 2 !! Want to have fun? Rejected. Want to learn a new language? Yeah,you can do that. (But only Russian) #Orignalmemes2k11
game-hours: 1070.5
review: i like this game
game-hours: 285.0
review: Dota 2 promises to take the unique blend of online RTS and RPG action that has made Dota popular with tens of millions of gamers and expand upon it in every way. This is a competitive MOBA game of action and strategy, played both professionally and casually by millions of passionate fans worldwide. Players pick from a pool of over a hundred heroes, forming two teams of five characters. Radiant heroes then battle their Dire counterparts to control a fantasy landscape, waging campaigns of cunning, stealth, and outright warfare.
game-hours: 1246.5
review: this is such a freakin' nice game in ma life
game-hours: 658.4
review: Is very awesome, time consuming and addictive :P
game-hours: 424.1
review: Nice game but need fix in bot match. Please make the bot more harder so I can enjoy play the game
game-hours: 4502.7
review: 3
game-hours: 468.4
review: DOTA 2 IS SO COOL I LOVE IT
game-hours: 127.7
review: Best free to play game of all time. Requires skill and brains. No crap forcing you to buy stuff. You can play this game for 1000hr and not need to pay 0.01p. Great graphics, great gameplay, just brilliant.
game-hours: 3116.4
review: It's a fun albeit complicated game.
game-hours: 478.8
review: it so fantastic and cool
game-hours: 927.7
review: update always with the bugs in game
game-hours: 1691.1
review: a fantastic game
game-hours: 2267.3
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 1273.4
review: Cool game.
game-hours: 635.4
review: Awesome game !
game-hours: 1102.1
review: Dota is love, Dota is life <3 P.s. Lol is
game-hours: 5315.3
review: Simple Game. Experiences and Map awareness will lead you to success.
game-hours: 671.3
review: good game
game-hours: 1759.2
review: , !
game-hours: 485.7
review: Simply my favorite game. So far 425 hours spent playing. So many toons. There are builds. Nice community. Many different interchangeble looks for toons. But after all that, still F2P. It looks simply amazing. They have events for the holidays. New items come out all the time. Items from the COMMUNITY get added into the game! I love it. There are some skilled people out there who get to have the satisfaction of having their item in the game. They support the community every day. The abandonment system gets people for leaving games. Sometimes it is a LITTLE out of hand, (now it says Play Low-Priority Game when you accept match, LOL). But my faviorite game. And people who compare this with LoL, try it before you do. SO MUCH BETTER.
game-hours: 770.9
review: Awesome
game-hours: 248.4
review: ggwp
game-hours: 1720.1
review: Good Luck Have Fun
game-hours: 868.1
review: awesome
game-hours: 2219.4
review: I like that it`s addictive , that every game has its own style, that you have to play and know every single hero`s spells and items and that once / year you find nice ppl to play with.
game-hours: 3116.9
review: THIS  IS THE GREATEST THING EVER  LoL
game-hours: 2199.8
review: tuskaspanni
game-hours: 64.8
review: It's Garbage 10/10
game-hours: 2896.7
review: Best described as "Super Chess in Space" There is a bit of a learning curve if you've never played Dota or a Dota-clone. Once you get over it though, you realize how beautiful the teamwork, heroes, and items all combine to make this a great game of wits.
game-hours: 2761.4
review: Dota 2 is best game ever .
game-hours: 1840.4
review: This game is simply one of the masterpiece of our era. This game require you a lot of time- in order to play rightly. Do not play this game if you have lack of will, because to be honest the community is not that good. And some of them usually blame even if they don't play good. But trust me once you get friends, this game is one of the greatest game that combine strategy, synchronization, and also providing amazing gaming experience at the same time. If you like a game that asking you to act spontaneously in real time while demanding for strategies at the same time. This game is made for you. 10/10 for me. Never get enough since 6 year ago, since the Defense of The Ancient:Allstars era :)
game-hours: 4164.1
review: I suggest u do NOT start playing this game if u are a competitive person. Otherwise youll end up an angry person. Thats what 4k hours in this game did to me. Took away my money and my nerves.
game-hours: 584.4
review: NICE
game-hours: 332.5
review: Dota 2 has a rather large learning curve but don't let that put you off. You can start by playing against increasingly difficult bots and then play against other people. If you're new, the game will rank you against players with a similar skill level. Finding a group of friends to play with will really enhance the learning process and give you some good laughs. The game itself is incredibly fun and there is always more to learn. Not only is the game free to play but all the heroes are too. The only items which cost any moeny are optional cosmetic items. The community can be unforgiving at times, however the game allows you to mute other players and lets you communicate via a series of informative 'pings' if you so choose. Anyone who is really offensive can be reported for their behaviour. If you are looking for a game to play long-term, where you can have fun with friends but equally, see your time pay off with definite increases in your skill level, then this is for you. Go on, give it a go!
game-hours: 3776.2
review: bestt game ever
game-hours: 310.5
review: qwertyuiop
game-hours: 784.7
review: You should kill yourself.
game-hours: 18.9
review: I play League 10/10
game-hours: 149.1
review: awesome game
game-hours: 749.7
review: best game ever!
game-hours: 1118.7
review: Dota 2 is a game that needs consistency. It requires your utmost attention and time to master it. Once you have done it, you can find it endlessly fascinating. The bad? The raging gamers of course. The social bullies, sometimes have an impact to emotion. Still it is a game recommended for all who seek a way to spend most of your time.
game-hours: 755.2
review: Gr8 b8 m8. I rel8, str8 appreci8, and congratul8. I r8 this b8 an 8/8. Plz no h8., I'm str8 ir8. Cre8 more, can't w8. We should convers8, I won't ber8, my number is 88888888, ask for N8. No calls l8. If on a d8, ask K8 to loc8
game-hours: 2552.3
review: Good Game , it involves strategy, teamwork , and experience . Actually Dota2 is just a improved version of Dota1 with better graphics . It also one of the most recognized game in the world. The most important thing is the game is F2P(Free to play), and there's no P2W(Pay to win) elements. It's all about skills The important thing to play dota is you need to keep up with the current meta and playstyle, since there's a lot of changes every update , make sure you read the changelog after every updates
game-hours: 420.1
review: Good game for play
game-hours: 1685.4
review: igunuhijo
game-hours: 1233.4
review: :D
game-hours: 305.3
review: Dota is the best game ever!!!!!!!!!! :D
game-hours: 905.0
review: The best game ever...
game-hours: 1122.7
review: Ok boys. I was trying to learn russian. I was trying so hard and the only words I've learned were "Privet, kak dela? Menya zavut Pauls". Now I can swear in russian and say to someone to go f7ck himself. So if you want to swear at ppl without being kicked in your butt, go play this game then.
game-hours: 356.6
review: This is very high quality game. Graphics are very detailed and good. But still, you can play on low quality and enjoy. The thing about this game is, that while starting , you wait too much time : match searching and player waiting. Players often fail to connect. Second thing, if you like RPG games, the fact that someone can be first and take the hero that you like, want will be terrible. And to be short, if you don't have enough free time to spend (40 min-1hour) on match, don't start it, if you leave , you wll recieve abandon and ruin your teams game (butin reality no one knows is it ruining or helping , couse in late game, money is everything and your money will be spreaded between your teammates). So yea you should try this game if you like competition and sometimes rage :)
game-hours: 2216.0
review: The guy below me was my friend and invited me to play dota 2 with him. He is no longer with us. 11/11 would do again.
game-hours: 774.1
review: lol
game-hours: 42.5
review: Lol
game-hours: 1392.4
review: best game ever <3 LoL sucks
game-hours: 2335.9
review: very nice game, love dota 2
game-hours: 185.0
review: pelajaran dalam sebuah game !
game-hours: 186.8
review: It is fun and addictive. It requires strategy to win, such as back off to avoid further damage, never face on multiple enemies by yourself, and many others. I think this game could be still popular ever.
game-hours: 891.9
review: ahahahaha
game-hours: 1201.3
review: >feeds rapier to medusa >loses game >"gg report noobs"
game-hours: 1471.2
review: This Is a Really addictive game.
game-hours: 2553.9
review: (Y)
game-hours: 625.7
review: .
game-hours: 26.5
review: League of Legends from Valve.
game-hours: 96.2
review: this is a game
game-hours: 191.6
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 1746.6
review: Learned some foreign expressions. Spent over $100 on this free-to-play game: simply 10/10
game-hours: 312.0
review: Damn Nyyugas If you  wants to learn some racist  slurr and some mofo russina language then this is the boushit fo you aall white  mexican white bread as
game-hours: 79.1
review: Nice game, learning curve is a hill, though.
game-hours: 1621.7
review: best game ever
game-hours: 269.5
review: An Strategy Game that make you hard to sleep and quickly emtpy your wallet
game-hours: 667.6
review: nice game im loving it since i started playing it.....
game-hours: 129.9
review: cool game
game-hours: 1666.3
review: : -  ~300 ,       - 110       -    - -       : -       -     .     -     -        1500 >  63  >     ,   :   ,       !!!@#!11121  : 8/10
game-hours: 209.1
review: best russian simulator ever
game-hours: 2195.7
review: GG Great Game
game-hours: 0.1
review: No...
game-hours: 1614.4
review: A good game
game-hours: 904.2
review: Awesome Game
game-hours: 2235.9
review: aselole
game-hours: 830.0
review: GGWP
game-hours: 500.7
review: BEST GAME EVER!!
game-hours: 3345.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 1820.2
review: my favorite game..
game-hours: 98.5
review: nice , hard for me
game-hours: 56.0
review: Despite playing too much league of legends I actually enjoy playing some dota 2 from time to time... even though i suck at it... Did i mention it's free?
game-hours: 5.9
review: s
game-hours: 1021.3
review: Nice :D
game-hours: 2.6
review: WUTLOL
game-hours: 327.0
review: Why me has noob tream ??? Some time why delays and delays in stream (not about my internet)
game-hours: 5.8
review: If you are insecure and want to kill yourself, play this game.
game-hours: 310.2
review: G.
game-hours: 783.6
review: Awesome and great game its competative but the players must control their tempers from the newbie ones
game-hours: 2414.8
review: I purchaise the new release item for Juggernut set $10.99 USD no item show in my inventory please help my problem ....
game-hours: 241.9
review: RAMPAGE!
game-hours: 4792.0
review: Best stratigic game :)
game-hours: 1861.6
review: This game just ruins my real life. Don't even think about starting to play DotA. Real life is way more important and interesting
game-hours: 1259.4
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 351.3
review: always play this game
game-hours: 879.1
review: nice
game-hours: 1059.7
review: Good
game-hours: 1867.6
review: aw
game-hours: 1261.1
review: so good!
game-hours: 459.3
review: Good just need to fix the server issues for wraith-night :D Definetly reccomend
game-hours: 24.8
review: Bullies n poo poo hedz inside
game-hours: 755.5
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 670.3
review: Warning:This game is just the worst...Highly recommended
game-hours: 432.3
review: The Game is ON.
game-hours: 429.0
review: awesome!!!
game-hours: 173.8
review: Best game ever!!!!
game-hours: 203.7
review: It's a game. I played it so much that i started to hate it but i keep playing it anyway. I kind of hate myself for it, but you know, Games and  they are fun like .25% of the time.
game-hours: 910.9
review: like
game-hours: 3775.8
review: This game took my soul, so basically 10/10 <3
game-hours: 1898.6
review: guud
game-hours: 116.0
review: My friends told me that is fun but i dont believe because its VERY FUN!!!
game-hours: 3278.4
review: Thank you for this great russian simulator, 10/10 would learn again
game-hours: 1117.9
review: For sure this is the best RPG game ever, congratulations Valve for this creation! (5 Stars)
game-hours: 2164.2
review: I have a few hours and I'm still learning how to deal with the s that lurk in the world of Dota.
game-hours: 80.0
review: Dota 2 is possibly one of the best game Valve has made based on the original DOTA mod from Warcraft III: Frozen Throne. Many balance changes, including item drops, events, and even cool stuff to collect. You know your heroes well, use them to keep the distinction against your foes and bring their Ancient down, either Raidiant or Dire. I like to play this again and now I do it. I reccommend this to anyone who played Dota before or any RTS/RPG player who wants to take the challenge. 10/10 from Neil, Almost 3 Years Steam Veteran
game-hours: 544.1
review: The highly anticipated squeakquel to Bat Rats, this game offers a large pool of playable characters such as some water, a spider, a bear, and a few physical embodiments of the fundamentals of the universe. I highly reccomend this game if you enjoy playing with players from another country and failing to communicate with them, resulting in a biased and stereotypical point of view of people belonging to those nationalities. Pros: -Can play as a bear. -Good for exercising patience with miscommunication. -Develops racism. Cons: -Playing it doesn't make the voices in your head go away. -Playing it doesn't make the voices in your head go away. -Playing it doesn't make the voices in your head go away. -Playing it doesn't make the voices in your head go away. -The voices in your head don't go away. -The voices in your head don't go away. -The voices don't go away. -The voices -The voices -the voices -the voices the voices thevoices thevoices thevoices 10/10
game-hours: 4590.8
review: I played this game a little bit, not very good.
game-hours: 2147.5
review: yes this game is my life pa
game-hours: 977.5
review: Not played enough to write a review...
game-hours: 613.4
review: game
game-hours: 733.4
review: 10/10 would learn russain again
game-hours: 3937.6
review: Ultra super mega wow such a game. <3 rikimaru
game-hours: 1327.8
review: nice
game-hours: 2113.7
review: This game will physically, mentally and emotionally destroy you. I recommend it to all my closest friends because of the above reason.
game-hours: 129.8
review: Awesome game but very hard to get good at. If you're used to LoL, don't expect to be good at this game instantly. This is much different from other MOBA's and in my opinion, a lot harder. 8.5/10
game-hours: 343.2
review: Great game!
game-hours: 1617.1
review: Epic game with the best community.
game-hours: 4007.0
review: When I am drunk I make noise, otherwise I live quietly. This game taught me about self control and revealed itself as an anger management treatment. Despite my new alcohol problem, I feel confident; I am looking forward to have kids now. #Livinglifelikethecaptainofasinkingship #Wouldhitrockbottomagain
game-hours: 1814.1
review: ,        ...             ,   ,    2      . 10        .  10/10
game-hours: 27.1
review: Super gra! Gorco poleca Rocky^^PL!
game-hours: 669.4
review: Game of the year 2013 for me. Got a closed beta key of a friend of mine, and started playing some bots with another friend. We sucked, at first. Than we started to become better and have more fun playing. The last couple of months we've been playing almost on a daily basis. Dota 2 is a MOBA, a very popular gametype nowadays. But game has some interesting mechanics other MOBA's don't have. Those minor differences don't seem to make a huge gamechanger, but believe me: they do. I would highly recommend this.
game-hours: 708.3
review: yes I do
game-hours: 1316.8
review: Sole reason (other than my lack of self disipline) for ending 2 relationships and a job. 10/10.
game-hours: 1503.8
review: Better than League of Losers
game-hours: 2129.9
review: It's a funny and captivating game ^_^
game-hours: 42.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 2733.1
review: So... DotA....Ive had my share of WC3 version of this game (and it rocked my world back then!), so i decided to try and get my invite. After a while i got one and what i saw after installation WAS AMASING! Valve's desingners and artists did their best to bring good old Defense of the Ancients up to the standarts of graphics and style of games today. I will not compare D2 to any other MOBA-game, because itll just cause some disturbance and trolling in the comments section. So lets compare it to the original: graphics(all of it inc. animation and artwork) got better, interface got free from the "chains" of WC3 engine and became more user-friendly, after a while adequate matchmaking system(kind of...), ability to watch tournaments online in client itself, genious marketing model(you can buy ONLY cosmetic items, which will have no impact on balance(HEYO~ other MOBAs! sry..). After a couple of matches i got one thing perfectly clear: DotA2 gives you is thing that youll hate or love, dont think something in-between is possible. Conclusion: MOBA at its finest. Perfect solution to nothing-to-do situation!
game-hours: 769.3
review: An amazing game, that takes away all of your time and chance of getting married.
game-hours: 1066.0
review: When Russia invades the Ukraine to start WW3 this game will be the reason why so many people take up arms againt the russians. 10/10
game-hours: 1310.5
review: ,          .
game-hours: 546.4
review: Great for casual gamers. My favorite Dota 2 hero is Soraka who S2 Games should nerf because he's so powerful. With enough micro Sniper is immensely powerful but he is countered by early blink Stalkers. Rook is a really cool character because Ashe can get bonus range from his towers. Much better than the Riot Games trash game Demigod. The maps in Dota 2 are really cool, especially the ARAM map Howling Abyss because Baron Nashor and Kongor can destroy people. However Soraka still goats the coolest hoof and his Eclipse ultimate has a lot of power.
game-hours: 316.1
review: u gon get rekt son
game-hours: 0.5
review: This game is a piece of .
game-hours: 2609.1
review: THIS GAME CONSUMES LIFES AND RUINS FRIENDSHIPS, STAY AWAY !!
game-hours: 356.9
review: This game created such a large black hole in my soul that I feel compeled to launch tomatoes out of a cannon to create minature versions of ducks to destroy the world. 16 angry bannanas/112 ugly chairs would recommend.
game-hours: 70.2
review: 3.11.2014 : Better than LOL :D 26.1.2015 : Still better than lol.
game-hours: 12.9
review: Although not into MOBAs myself this is a great game that is very entertaining to the right person
game-hours: 285.8
review: Dota 2 now has the intensifying action that players can be more aggresive.!
game-hours: 210.8
review: Dota 2, the game who 'kill' my eyes with those graphics... Cool RTS and where we have 'ganking in network.' Those was good.
game-hours: 811.5
review: 10/10
game-hours: 1309.8
review: this game makes me want to kill myself sometimes
game-hours: 1136.3
review: TAEEEE
game-hours: 918.1
review: OMFG!!
game-hours: 1953.6
review: Game is really fun, except if you get teamed with trolls/peruvian's.
game-hours: 1814.1
review: good game
game-hours: 5.7
review: AYYY WTF IS THIS LEAGUE OR WAT LOL
game-hours: 482.7
review: .)
game-hours: 855.2
review: best game ever. this game need strategy
game-hours: 2116.4
review: yes
game-hours: 2654.6
review: The Fastest Way to Learn Russian.
game-hours: 349.8
review: Cool Game
game-hours: 255.1
review: HI IM NEWBIE BUT PRO!!! AND IWANT FRIENDS PLSS ADD ME!!! TNX TO ALL!!!
game-hours: 16.4
review: I am going to face the consequences of not agreeing with thousands of satisfied gamers, but unfortunately I really can't say I would recommend Dota to anyone. When I was playing the Warcraft 3 mod I was so excited to know that someone was planning to create a whole new game with it (alot of years, accounts, pcs ago...) that I started playing it as soon as it was possible. After some years here I am again, and unfortunately I have to say that I am very disappointed with this game. We know of the awful community, we know of the slow paced mechanics (which may even be a perk for someone), but we can't really accept in this era, an outdated graphic, a really unfriendly interface, and the feeling of general polish lackness that we would expect from a game of this height. Talking from my graphic knowledge, the purity of a well rendered game is to be shown when all the FFXAA postprocessing is off. We clear the bloom, we clear the lightnings, we clear fogs, shinings, reflections, and the core grafic of this game is (in comparison of doing the same with other similar games) so outdated that a tear of nostalgy dropped from my eye, as I was sure I was playing Warcraft. But it's not Warcraft in the far 2002, it's 2015, and we can't really accept such poligonal scarsity and approximative physics. And if you think that I am just asking too much, well, the fact would not be a trouble for me, if it would not give the game an awful, outdated look: not vintage, not nostalgic, just... old. A word should be spent for the well known trouble of the toxic community. If some kind of community, broadly talking, is harassed and worsened by a group of troublemakers, it's imperative that the leaders of the said community do something to resolve the problem ...but no real solutions are being taken. Bans, low priority queues, and such easy going methods probably just worsened the issue, giving the toxic part of the community not a direct message. This could translate as following: if the toxicity of a part of the community is such alarming, and you should care about this trouble, and you can't, well or you are unable to fix it, or you in the end are happy with this (which option I don't know is the worse). Taken singularly Dota 2 is a real game experience that every gamer should do, maybe just for some hours, but putting Dota2 in relation with its most famous counterparts (League of Legends and Heroes of the Storm, to say two names), I am sad to say that my favourite moba looks like the unlucky little brother. Unfortunately this issues can't be closed by a "it's just a matter of tastes" statement: to play this game, and to be happy playing it, we need to fix some technical facts, which the most important are the followings: - a total graphic update, from maps, to buildings, to clutters to (PLEASE) champions; - new physics (never heard of motion capture?), because for freak sake champions move like monsters in Warcraft 3; - a decent interface, both in and off game; - a capital solution for the (broadening) toxicity of the community, because if I wanted to play just with bots in some sort of solo, I'd play GTA, Skyrim, or Dungeon Keeper (always wonderful). To be brutally honest, playing Dota is like finally going out for a drink with your crush, but the beer is awful, there is a terrible karaoke playing at like 3 yards from your table, the food is rancid and the waitress kicks you in the balls because you look like her cheating ex boyfriend. Could be a wonderful experience, but too many things go wrong, and they ruin it. 6,5/10: play it, but there is much better around nowadays.
game-hours: 131.2
review: Dota 2: Commend and Report The Game
game-hours: 619.6
review: (y)
game-hours: 1017.9
review: gue ganteng
game-hours: 283.2
review: good
game-hours: 604.6
review: play this game
game-hours: 450.4
review: nice
game-hours: 626.3
review: good game
game-hours: 1176.9
review: good
game-hours: 182.8
review: Its very competitive game
game-hours: 1572.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 2597.3
review: Best game ever. Free to play. Active community, Challenging players and High Graphics
game-hours: 1.0
review: dis gme is rlly hard. you got choose a big hero man or girl women thing. then go destroy something or summin or some stuff i stopped playing after a bit because mum said i had homework to do 9/10
game-hours: 530.2
review: Before DOTA 2. I was a happy kid. I had good grades, a loving family, a cute dog, and belief in a higher power - a more powerful creator of unfathomable power. After playing 28 hours of this game, I could say that I am no longer a man. I am only a sad blob of what used to be a happy human being. 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 1152.0
review: One of the best games I have played in my entire life!
game-hours: 215.7
review: Ganked noobs with an afk guy. 11/10 would gank again.
game-hours: 1806.1
review: Best game ever. No two games can be same.
game-hours: 2279.5
review: kkkk
game-hours: 516.8
review: Wow
game-hours: 223.1
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 1342.8
review: a wonderful game, I love it
game-hours: 1287.1
review: this game is awesome !
game-hours: 1383.6
review: # for god's sake i fans Park Jiyeon ()
game-hours: 1125.7
review: its very good game ^_^
game-hours: 2.6
review: Better than LoL, because I have about 48 minutes in the game, so I clearly know what I'm talking about..... jk...
game-hours: 934.6
review: My hours show that I have played a decent amount in this game, I am not going to lie this is very addicting. I came here after playing a bit of LoL and I love DOTA 100x more than LoL since DOTA is completely about skill since all heroes are availible from the start. LoL has soo many micro transactions that it's not fun anymore and the amount you have to spend for the top line champions is too much. DOTA 2 all in all is amazing, if you can get a few friends and make a 5 man team there is endless teamwork and fun! It will make you hate Russians and want to slap the  out of Asians and want to murder the family of little 5 year olds that  all the time but ignore it. Dota 2 the only game where 5 year olds have fantasized about your mom and "20" year olds don't know how to spell. 10/10 Farts
game-hours: 1263.3
review: This is an awesome game
game-hours: 595.4
review: test
game-hours: 139.9
review: man, this game is like a nicotine and caffeine, because this game will make you addicted, and hard to sleep.. :D sure i'm new to this DOta2 game, but this is the second most longest game i've ever played after skyrim.. don't play it if you don't want to lose your life, girlfriend, and career.. Lol.. the plus: + really diferrence experience each time you play with different hero. + difference exprience too everytime you play your match, there's always room for improvement. + nice graphic. + the sound is good. + good server + pure free game, you can buy hero builds, wards, announcer, but that isn't gave you the advantage over the opponent, just a vanity item, or pure cosmetics. buy it if you want to make other people jealous at you. :D The Minus: - maybe because just one map. i want more maps. - sometimes it get repetitive, but not too often. - a steep learning curve for each hero. seriously, it's time consuming if you want to play as different hero and be good at it. The Special: # this game is just too D*** fun..!! # this game will make you forget anything else..!! P. S: Don't Play it if you don't want to break up with your GF.. Don't Play it if you are on last semester of your college.. Don't Play it if you are tired, it will make you angry as **** Overall: gameplay: 100 visual: 85 Sound: 90 Addictive rating: 100+ replayability: 100 chance to hate other player: 100 chance to hate yourself: 100+ chance to lose your girlfriend: 100 f***** percent... Lol Great Game, highly reccomended it.. Enjoy..!
game-hours: 318.6
review: Special :)
game-hours: 901.7
review: Brilliant
game-hours: 1404.8
review: GGWP
game-hours: 4225.0
review: By far the one and only game where I spent +3000 hours of gameplay. It takes few months to understand the game mechanics, but definetly worth the time. Its also a great way to learn Portuguese and Russian. would recommend 11/10 no kappa
game-hours: 1325.7
review: enjoyable games that suitable in any of our leisure time
game-hours: 403.4
review: A great PvP game that offers some of the most intriguing and nuanced team combat around.
game-hours: 1171.1
review: The best online game I've ever played. For DOTA players out there, come join us and play DOTA 2.
game-hours: 131.6
review: compared riki to a smurf. 10/10.
game-hours: 2126.7
review: Hate this game... It's just over the limits... Ruined my life... 10/10
game-hours: 104.0
review: So I've never been a fan of MOBA's, was just to lazy to learn how to play them until League came along. Oh god, the good times I've had on League, slowly becoming better and better, but it slowly became a game that i loved to play buy also hated to play. The community was  as I had 5 players on the opposite team hatin on me, and then my own ing teammates hatin on me. So I made the switch to Dota2 and I am totally satisfied. The game play is awesome, the champions are interesting and creative, it's everything I love about a MOBA. Personally I like it more than League now that I've played it for a while. Pros: Fun game, a good MOBA, creative heroes, good community, better than league ;) Cons: Some minor glitches that can be fixed quite easily and occur due to stupidity XD So yes, even to people who hate MOBA's, I recommend that you try and get to know how to play the game before you judge it.
game-hours: 120.4
review: Fun game
game-hours: 562.2
review: greeatt game
game-hours: 603.2
review: F*ck russians. ^-^
game-hours: 211.3
review: amazaing lovin it
game-hours: 213.6
review: I never played MOBA games before, but i got addicted to this :D
game-hours: 741.4
review: :..
game-hours: 1045.8
review: This game have everything! You can have so many different styles and roles in the team It's a game when you come close to your friends you're playing with.. You're building up a emotional realation and yiu get to know how your friends play By that you will have a fun time when you play! :D DOTA 2 is for all players, even if you are bad in the beginning, you will get better It's even more fun if you have a full 5 man party wth Skype, so you can have a fun time
game-hours: 283.2
review: Nice
game-hours: 306.4
review: Addictive Game
game-hours: 3.2
review: good game wannabe; not fun; slow; ugly, no reason to play this
game-hours: 817.7
review: It's like chess but in real time where you need to play with other people in team of 5 players and you can controll only one hero (with few exceptions) which u choose from big pool of units. Each figure has it's own advantages and weakness some can counter others but they are countered by different hero
game-hours: 517.4
review: NICE GIME!
game-hours: 1375.3
review: WoW
game-hours: 168.6
review: I just love it when you join pub games and a team member just feeds free kills for your opponents and then just disconnects or plain quits. wanna rage hard? this is the game for you! :D
game-hours: 342.6
review: work hard, play harder.
game-hours: 9538.5
review: ASAJKBVAVAEVNV GOOD GAME !
game-hours: 838.3
review: 10/10 would bang.
game-hours: 632.4
review: Axe OP Plz nerf 11/10 recommended
game-hours: 141.7
review: tis game is awsum and tests the fisical skill of the players
game-hours: 663.0
review: aaaa
game-hours: 305.5
review: It's good.
game-hours: 1789.6
review: Wish someone would just delete this game so I won't have to go back to it. I told myself so many times to uninstall but every night when I fall asleep Dondo appears in my dreams and called me back to this wretched game that is slowly eating my soul away. Everyone in my life told me to quit but I said "I'm sorry. I would love to. But the ancients need me." And with that I set out to do battle, armed with "putang ina mo", "bobo" and many other deadly weapons to do battle with 9 other people, both against you and with you, each armed with their own arsenal of "bodoh", "noob" and in depth knowledge of everyone's families. Even if you lose, it is sometimes still satisfying to engage in a war of insults in multiple languages. Could've learned a musical instrument, a new language, helped poor people, fight for feminism but no. My cardboard box is ready for me. 10/10 would answer Dondo's call again
game-hours: 507.5
review: best
game-hours: 2022.1
review: this is nice and super perfect game for the young teens
game-hours: 5852.7
review: Best game
game-hours: 2681.5
review: Love love love love this game, thanks for my friend always play with me. Fast respon from valve make this game so good
game-hours: 5.6
review: Dota pa more
game-hours: 291.0
review: yes
game-hours: 366.4
review: It's the best free game by steam it almost took over my life :v
game-hours: 1862.8
review: good
game-hours: 525.0
review: MLG WARDS DENDIFACE BREH LETS GO XAXAXAAX  CYKA GAME WAS GOOD DONT HAVE FUN NO KS BG CANT CATCH WR DONT GO SERIOUS GO MLG FR HELVETE DUNT HEFF TO FIID BUT TEAM MUST FEED MLG SHACKLE INC INSERTDENDIFACEHERE
game-hours: 441.9
review: tanga ka ibalik mo ang arcana ko tanga ka
game-hours: 181.9
review: Great MOBA. If you like LoL you will like this better. IT is hard, but the best MOBA out there!
game-hours: 1320.8
review: best
game-hours: 820.3
review: :) fun
game-hours: 483.5
review: Best Russian simulator ever made!!!!1111!1!1 IGN 11/10
game-hours: 2412.7
review: good game, but it is worth remembering that this is just a game!
game-hours: 379.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 1113.7
review: Good!
game-hours: 1992.7
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 448.7
review: This is a pretty awesome game, like team play outdoor sport that involves teamwork, I really like this game
game-hours: 1.5
review: Would be nice if I could understand what to do. /cyka.
game-hours: 611.0
review: excellent game, with or without friends. However, it's too much of a good thing, it is strongly addictive. :)
game-hours: 2010.0
review: I used to have dreams and aspirations but then dota happened.
game-hours: 120.0
review: Bye social life...I'm playing Dota 2...
game-hours: 891.3
review: It's a pretty good Moba and i really enjoy this game more than any moba i ever played.
game-hours: 999.8
review: 8 out of 8 m8
game-hours: 1569.4
review: It's a boss game.
game-hours: 977.8
review: Dota 2 > LoL
game-hours: 27.4
review: I somehow have 27hrs clocked into this game. I've watched countless youtube videos showing how to play this game. Thanks to my understanding of the various beginner/intermediate/pro level strategies/habits and a clear view of just how steep the learning curve is, I've essentially cowed myself into sticking with the training campaign for fear of being an anchor. I don't play anymore, but I love watching/critiquing videos. I just thought I should let you know that.
game-hours: 838.8
review: XD
game-hours: 1192.7
review: ^_^
game-hours: 448.1
review: Best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 889.0
review: it's a good game
game-hours: 939.9
review: This game ruined my life! Nah just kiddin'!
game-hours: 3388.9
review: dota 2 era
game-hours: 301.8
review: NO NO NO
game-hours: 2487.1
review: worst game, would not play over 3K hours of it or base my steam profile around it.
game-hours: 739.5
review: Awesome "MOBA" game that it's prior version sparked the growth of MOBA's in general. DOTA was a mod for Warcraft 3 and soon became a major reason for the purchase of that game. Dota 2 is a standalone that has better graphics and is still being updated with new heroes from the old game and with new game modes. It is fun for new people to try out since there is a tutorial system that teaches you the basics of the game. Plus they also added a coaching system where you can directly talk with your coach during a game to learn things from them. Very awesome game and it is free to play, so good reason to try out. Graphics: 9 - Awesome graphics especially going from the original mod Sound: 9 - Great sound Gameplay: 9.5 - Great gameplay, need so much awareness Story: No story
game-hours: 1312.1
review: This is a very complex, intricate, and thought-provoking title that teaches us a lot about society. For example: It teaches us how people are so respectful towards each other How the proletariat creeps are always neglected, tortured, and punished by their "heroic" overlords and how perfect balance is never possible. bloodseeker
game-hours: 62.1
review: The best game in the world, limitless replay value. Ever evolving. Brilliant in game depth and mechanics.
game-hours: 562.4
review: oh hell yes
game-hours: 1388.6
review: Dota 2 basically fathered me It taught me responsibility the value of Teamwork to share with others Friendship is good That time and hardwork are rewarded and the most important lesson a father can teach his son  ALL FORIEGNERS
game-hours: 2648.8
review: _ volvo GIVE FROSTIVUS
game-hours: 39.9
review: awesome
game-hours: 1815.5
review: pure
game-hours: 8.8
review: 10/10
game-hours: 2219.7
review: Its been 2000 hours,i could not stop playing this game.Send help.
game-hours: 227.6
review: good, nice
game-hours: 2527.8
review: dota 2 is so excuting !
game-hours: 733.1
review: good game
game-hours: 559.7
review: EPIC!
game-hours: 1599.0
review: If a game makes you play it 1500+ hours, means that is worth it :D
game-hours: 490.0
review: The best!
game-hours: 41.2
review: better than LoL, 22/10
game-hours: 743.9
review: ..
game-hours: 2.2
review: Great game! Had lots of fun playing it and really enjoyed the online gameplay experience.
game-hours: 2070.3
review: YAY
game-hours: 1826.7
review: -matchmaking is a joke; -the community is miserable; -russians everywhere. otherwise, it would be a nice game, but since valve does not give a  about the issues, here, have my negative review.
game-hours: 1073.3
review: Simply addictive ....
game-hours: 5032.6
review: Great Game
game-hours: 359.2
review: By far the best game :>
game-hours: 5602.3
review: This game is perfect...
game-hours: 49.1
review: 1.Pick Pudge. 2.Farm some money,xp 3.Buy Blink. 4.Hide at the edge of the map behind the trees. 5.Hook enemy heros. 6.Blink outside the tree. 7.Watch your enemys stack. 8.Have Fun.
game-hours: 378.8
review: Best F2P game ever !
game-hours: 1599.5
review: very nice im so happy with this game
game-hours: 223.4
review: its a good game
game-hours: 5.0
review: Wow, a game of tactics and strategies, with over 100 characters to play as. My opinion? play this game, and you'll be playing it 24/7.
game-hours: 2785.7
review: my gf dumped me, my family hates me, haven't seen another person in 1 month, i have a million pimples 10/10
game-hours: 212.0
review: phantom lancer is a chicken
game-hours: 394.0
review: -"    " ?.   !   40   .
game-hours: 810.8
review: Best MOBA ever.
game-hours: 493.2
review: Its addicting game , it feels good :)
game-hours: 383.0
review: Nice gameplay with a lot of fun and action!
game-hours: 525.7
review: DotA Eez Loif. Best MOBA gamer ever.
game-hours: 590.0
review: best game
game-hours: 792.4
review: best game ever
game-hours: 5398.8
review: Started playing DotA back in 2004 on the War3 platform. Dota 2 is in my opinon the logical progression, bypassing the limitations of the old War3 platform and while it may take a while to learn, the game never gets old. I've played tens of thousands of Dota games (DotA and Dota 2 included) and it's one of those rare few games (across all genres and plaforms) that always keeps you wanting more. I haven't tried the other MOBAs such as LoL and HoN, and to be honest I don't think I will as Dota (being the original MOBA) has more than enough to stop you from wanting to try other MOBA-type games. Some of the most fun times I've had was Dota LAN 10-man all-nighters, with friends pawning each other relentlessly and laughing all the way.
game-hours: 470.2
review: Best MMO games
game-hours: 1.4
review: great and complex moba! nice free to play
game-hours: 52.3
review: )))
game-hours: 1655.9
review: GG
game-hours: 1262.3
review: ya it is cool game for stratagy
game-hours: 1140.0
review: this is an awesome game but the new update keeps the game from crashing everytime i open it. i suggest valve to pls fix this bug. i really want to play it.
game-hours: 1114.3
review: dota is love dota is life
game-hours: 573.8
review: ._.
game-hours: 377.6
review: Fun game
game-hours: 776.8
review: kljnl/
game-hours: 1818.1
review: Well, great game. Most of Valve games are good games. But you should learn the russian language, because at least on Europe servers 9 out of 10 players are usualy Russians and won't or can't speak any other language. This problem is known to Valve for years now, but Valve loves the russians, no Money but they count as players you know ;)
game-hours: 13.2
review: good game
game-hours: 2078.7
review: pee
game-hours: 621.6
review: good game for noobs
game-hours: 1813.3
review: !
game-hours: 3101.7
review: Deep and complex game with a very steep learning curve, but pretty rewarding. Matchmaking system still needs some work. Spectator mode is amazing for tournaments. Not to forget it is free to play(unless you are into cosmetics like me, it isn't free to play). 10/10.
game-hours: 2176.5
review: Just play it !
game-hours: 1417.5
review: awesome game!!!
game-hours: 2177.6
review: For the amazing price of $0.00, you too can now ruin your life and receive an aneuyrism. Highly recommend.
game-hours: 917.9
review: Nice game
game-hours: 5.3
review: Great MOBA game but I have some complains, 1. It have micro transactions, I don't care if I need to pay 50 or 60 dollars to play this game as long as the micro transaction is reduced. 2. The Graphics needs to be improved, It's just not that good.
game-hours: 1401.5
review: Pro Strategy Game!!
game-hours: 2020.2
review: .            Dota 2.      ,  ,   ,   .      !      ,   , !    ,        ,   .  Valve.   .
game-hours: 1389.4
review: this game can make good friends become bestfriend
game-hours: 641.6
review: AAA
game-hours: 1400.9
review: Best way to learn russia, /10
game-hours: 922.7
review: Recomanded .
game-hours: 2325.1
review: ........
game-hours: 8299.9
review: dota 2 is da best game ever i love dota 2
game-hours: 349.2
review: Recommended lah :D
game-hours: 2082.8
review: A game of espionage in which you must infiltrate the Russian base and make it go boom.
game-hours: 396.7
review: HAHAHA
game-hours: 1403.3
review: dota 2 game is very good . its graphics are very satisfactory and its future should be better than the present. Good Luck :)
game-hours: 1399.6
review: WE GO DOTA2
game-hours: 552.1
review: :)
game-hours: 1946.6
review: Best MOBA game in the world !!!
game-hours: 2215.5
review: this game ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 744.5
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 331.6
review: Better than League of Legends
game-hours: 1837.5
review: This game makes you see that there are a vast variety of individuals and that you hate them all.
game-hours: 234.7
review: DEATH TO THE PERUVIANS!
game-hours: 1087.9
review: This game was horrible. i cant stop playing it.. gggghhhaaaddd.. !! this game sucks i got no money left cause i bought items in this game.
game-hours: 492.1
review: got called a  by a russian player 10/10
game-hours: 3200.6
review: dota 2 all days
game-hours: 486.6
review: foreign language swearing simulator 101 10/10
game-hours: 220.4
review: (y)
game-hours: 1278.7
review: i really like this game..it makes me so happy when i play it..the things that i dont like is about when its too lag or got steam problem..tnx.amore member and players to come..
game-hours: 326.9
review: I love this Game!
game-hours: 2232.2
review: its my dream.......... its my life.......... its best game in world..... i like it and all player of it....
game-hours: 0.4
review: bad game
game-hours: 116.9
review: SUPER AWESOME, definitely dont even need to waste a single cent to be good at it. all items are purely for cosmetic purposes
game-hours: 683.0
review: good games
game-hours: 335.9
review: good
game-hours: 2809.8
review: gud!
game-hours: 742.2
review: This game waste's alot of hours in alot of peoples lives :P that being said let's get started on the review Gameplsy 8/10 this is a good game, don't get me wrong but it isn't for everyone. it has a pretty high learning curve and takes alot to get used to, that being said, once you are done with the learning curve you will begin to become addicted. Now firstly this game is a MOBA ( Multiplayer online battle arena) in which 2 teams (5v5) go against eachother to defeat eachothers ancients (hence the name, Defence of the Ancients) xD It is quite simple when put that way, but there are many factors that have to be put into place when playing, teammate postioning, attack timing, last hitting etc. I would have given it a bit of a higher rating however there are alot of flamers in the game Who do bad and blame it on everyone else. this is kinda a game ruiner when 3 people in a party begin to blame there team for not helping. But a simple mute can fix that :P Story 2/10 Being a MOBA this game has no story, just an objective to take out the enemy's ancient. Each character may have his/her own backstory but that is not game related. Graphics 7/10 the graphics in dota are quite nice xD Well I particularly like them. Other people might say differently but compared to alot of MOBA's out there Dota has pretty high standards. Overall 8/10 If you can get over the people that whine and the steep learning curve, then you my freind are in for a treat.
game-hours: 1762.7
review: best game (y)
game-hours: 1773.3
review: so ing love
game-hours: 965.7
review: Never ever ever ever ever ever play this game. The community is horrible, everyone in this game sucks and can't play for . Full of russians to make sure you lose every match.
game-hours: 739.9
review: LOVE IT
game-hours: 1133.1
review: Good game great online
game-hours: 1543.9
review: me is sad me lose girl me lose life me miss daylight me miss family me is sad T_T
game-hours: 779.9
review: not bad
game-hours: 1241.0
review: Its fun and I have more than 1000hrs of gameplay and never get bord of it its, really fun and the intrercartion with other players really helps the game to keep going to greater distances. Oh btw one thing when having special events it would be great if you guys could give free random items on a freaquant basis to the players taking part in it it would be a great moral boost apart from that nothing much to complain keep up the good work guys.
game-hours: 2916.1
review: ^^
game-hours: 2180.0
review: good
game-hours: 198.8
review: Dota 2 says  you too.
game-hours: 2437.2
review: wew .,
game-hours: 285.2
review: Downloads game Opens game Plays game Clicks find match Finds game Says glhf Chooses character Goes mid Kills mid player Calls them noob Teammate dies Calls them noob too Dies Team calls you noob Team tells you to uninstall dota Uninstalled Reinstalled 69/21 would play agian
game-hours: 46.3
review: ZAEBIS'
game-hours: 776.5
review: Yep
game-hours: 328.4
review: Great game when it comes to playing with friends.Not so great if your too frustrated in losing matches almost all the time with uncooperative people.I give it a 8/10.
game-hours: 787.5
review: goof
game-hours: 188.4
review: ....
game-hours: 43.4
review: in my first 4 hours, some really friendly South East Asia players has teach me how to greetings nicely in Filipino language. such as "bobo", "tangina mo" and "pucha". This is the easiest way to learn other language around the world. 10/10 would "putang ina mo" again.
game-hours: 704.4
review: nice event
game-hours: 627.0
review: awesome ;) ..
game-hours: 553.5
review: 545546564565
game-hours: 21.5
review: Cool game
game-hours: 1389.7
review: the greatest competitive game of action and strategy that ive ever played !! And the best way to ruin your real social life
game-hours: 4461.1
review: dota 2 is epic !!!
game-hours: 2302.7
review: the best <3
game-hours: 1540.1
review: 11/10 We pray in RNGesus' name, amen.
game-hours: 357.1
review: Good
game-hours: 1366.1
review: gg
game-hours: 1972.1
review: The game is free so yeah, what can you lose? It can be fun to play but it can be horrible sometimes. And yea that depends on a lot of things. Communication is the key and if u play casually you will find out that in most games no one speaks in your team. Just pinging and commands. Or they start speaking in some foreign language ( blyet) and that will not help at all. In the ranked games its a little bit better. The learning phase can be long but if you have some experiences with other mobas it wont be that tough. Basically the game itself has no problems if you ask me. The problem is with the community of the game.
game-hours: 231.8
review: Cool
game-hours: 519.1
review: Played a bit of DotA once and it was kind of boring. It taught me all about multicultural diversity, and then made me hate everything and everyone about that race. I now refer to every one of my 'friends' as  and constantly throw Blyat into sentences. This game is social suicide. I haven't played much, but holy crap it's horrible. 10/10.
game-hours: 3642.0
review: Its a really great game. If you love racing games that focus on realism and physics, this is the game for you. This has over 100+ cars to race with and usually a 10-man race to the finish. Alot better than Forza.
game-hours: 1109.3
review: I LOVE DOTA!! WHOOHOOO
game-hours: 2625.4
review: Dota eh kills all teh bad guys and doesn't afraid of anything. Download this game!
game-hours: 2572.1
review: Nais!!!
game-hours: 677.9
review: very gg
game-hours: 2012.5
review: the best free to play game
game-hours: 673.4
review: ..
game-hours: 784.3
review: Good
game-hours: 0.0
review: terrible
game-hours: 654.3
review: its a super game
game-hours: 2191.7
review: Yes good
game-hours: 21.6
review: A game where sweaty men yell at eachother about minimaps.
game-hours: 1301.7
review: if fun, go play
game-hours: 151.0
review: amazing so much fun
game-hours: 834.9
review: Best game EVER!
game-hours: 2038.7
review: coool>>>!
game-hours: 623.5
review: Thank you very much Gaben for this wonderful game, stable servers, nice community, very secure market ; what can be better? Rate 10 : 10 recommend this game! P.S now go  urself u fat pig who doesn't provide any ing feedback :3
game-hours: 825.5
review: a Strategic Game that will blow your mind
game-hours: 1269.5
review: Even how many times you we're playing this game, it never gets boring!! \m/
game-hours: 1089.9
review: yes
game-hours: 585.7
review: (y)
game-hours: 371.3
review: bzbzbzzbzb
game-hours: 165.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 443.8
review: This is the absolute best free language learning tool on the internet. Learn from languages such a Russian, Spanish, Portuguese, and If you're lucky, English. Learn from real native speakers. 10/10 would recommend
game-hours: 345.6
review: Very competitive game. So many players. Fun to play!
game-hours: 2727.4
review: I have been playing Dota 2 now for around two years and would say this is very adictive and fun, you can be playing for hrs without knowing. If you are looking for a new type of game myself i was and fps player then tnhis may be a good starting point in the world of mmo. give it a try......
game-hours: 438.7
review: da best MOBA
game-hours: 45.2
review: best game ever!!
game-hours: 2836.3
review: Dota is a good competitive game of action and strategy
game-hours: 902.4
review: ==
game-hours: 4044.4
review: Enter pub, get stomped, report team, repeat jk best game of my life i truly wasted 3k hours on this  10/10
game-hours: 12.2
review: This game is like cake! Never end!
game-hours: 149.2
review: Hell no #ihatedis
game-hours: 2057.7
review: kill my life... and stuck inside it... futureless me
game-hours: 551.4
review: This game is very nice to play especially on graphics Love it!!!
game-hours: 459.3
review: its cool
game-hours: 981.6
review: Best mmo game ever on the internet!
game-hours: 969.9
review: I LOVE DOTA 2
game-hours: 1377.4
review: Great game. You can play 1000 matches and still have a different experience. And of course, better than "THAT" game.
game-hours: 43.4
review: THIS GAME IS !
game-hours: 826.3
review: This game will eat your life. This game will give u happiness,anger,depression and awsomeness. Once u play this game u will never wanna quit. And say bye bye to your gf and wallet.
game-hours: 876.2
review: Thought I'd take a quick look. 600 hours later I never thought I would hate everyone west and east of London as much as I do now.
game-hours: 1204.2
review: can you please check the market 7 days marketable
game-hours: 1301.0
review: ^^
game-hours: 1869.7
review: By far one of the best games I have ever played.
game-hours: 1229.5
review: Best game Ever
game-hours: 3502.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 1079.5
review: bad game copied league of legends
game-hours: 395.5
review: Really fun. I never expected dota to be this good and eventually I got hooked!
game-hours: 3051.4
review: awesome game
game-hours: 799.3
review: ggwp
game-hours: 2488.9
review: Echo before blink doto
game-hours: 882.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 1298.8
review: This is a good game
game-hours: 965.1
review: Best game 4ever :D
game-hours: 995.5
review: I love this strategy game, for you strategy fans out there, JOIN ME AND BE TAUGHT!
game-hours: 641.5
review: Nice game
game-hours: 2795.2
review: 11/10
game-hours: 100.0
review: good game well played
game-hours: 1205.0
review: CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA
game-hours: 599.8
review: The best game ever on steam! Highly recommended!
game-hours: 688.3
review: D2Life
game-hours: 802.8
review: Gave me a boner and it never went away 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 4715.4
review: find my new life
game-hours: 308.3
review: The Best Game Ever.
game-hours: 1536.9
review: <3
game-hours: 395.1
review: wow
game-hours: 973.9
review: ,            ,              , , , ,             . ,  Dota 2      .       :        ,    ,            .  ,    Dota     ,     ,    .           ,    .        .   2003-  -  WarCraft 3 Defense of the Ancients       .          .          , -2  .      , Dota      ,   WarCraft 3.          .
game-hours: 511.5
review: Nice game. Can build up a team work. Can report any trashtalkers and scammers.
game-hours: 19.6
review: best game in da world
game-hours: 1039.0
review: this game so good
game-hours: 875.0
review: 100% lifesteal
game-hours: 9.0
review: It is a really good Fantasy game with lots of fighting. Although it is simple click and attack fighting style the variety of moves there are really makes up for that. If I could rate it out of 10 I would give it a 7.5. I recommend it.
game-hours: 1681.6
review: this is a good game, however i dont like the concept of being paired with noobs. it totally ruins the game, you play with people that is not in the same skill level and you tend to lose more than to win most of your games. you should change the way how your system finds a match for an individual it should be people who win will be paired with people who win, and those who lose alot play amongst themselves. I cant believe that when you go solo match there are people who are in a party? whats that about? I believe that you can never learn common sense, you are born with that talent. You should hire developers that have common sense if you want this game of yours appreciated by dota2 and non dota2 players. Most likely if non dota2 players find the enviroment in that kind of manner I believe that this game will be undisputedly number 1 in RTSGaming
game-hours: 1071.4
review: mantap
game-hours: 1032.7
review: I had Cancr Plyng ths gam, gr8 gam m8 r6 8/8 i my skur is 1/60 bst fder kumind me
game-hours: 252.1
review: best ever
game-hours: 727.5
review: i learned different languages
game-hours: 2307.7
review: It's a great game which will take you a long time for you to get bored with. The gameplay is solid and you can play for years and still learn new things. The only problem with the game is the toxic community, make good use of the mute and report buttons!
game-hours: 4052.8
review: Great Game, You can play with your own on Solo Ranked Matchmaking or Have Friends and have Fun Great way To kill Time and Lose your future but if you put your heart into it You might win 5 million $ Great way to lose your girlfriend but Im not losing mine Game is 100/10 This Game lets you learn how to speak Russian, Peruvian and more. If you are interested in learning new languages, Try this Game!
game-hours: 13.1
review: I wrote a scathing review, filled with whitty retorts and construtive critisms. But apparently I'm not allowed to post an intelligent review on this game. Just don't play it... I could write a better game whilst in a coma!
game-hours: 211.6
review: Played Dota 2 for a week. Now I'm fluent in Russia and Tagalog. 10/10 best foreign language teacher out there.
game-hours: 1006.6
review: For mentally handicapped
game-hours: 981.0
review: this game is so good..you learn many strategy and moves and not only addicted game it has a reason and it helps you in your subjects like in math in budgeting your items..
game-hours: 640.0
review: GOOD GAME FOR OTHER PLAYER AND MORE EVENTS PLSS VOLVO
game-hours: 315.0
review: MY HALF HP GOES TO THIS GAME AND I ABUSE CLARITY POTION TO GET MY STRENGH .. 100% BEST GAME
game-hours: 1081.1
review: good game and simple play
game-hours: 1070.4
review: gud gme
game-hours: 349.2
review: good game. dont play if you want free time
game-hours: 940.7
review: So good.
game-hours: 6084.4
review: NORM
game-hours: 6108.0
review: Best game of all times!
game-hours: 623.9
review: If you want to learn a few new languages, have your life ruined, and meet some rage filled people... this is the game for you! In reality it's quite fun and I can't stop playing. 9.9/10
game-hours: 4009.4
review: best game ever
game-hours: 368.3
review: Its pretty cool !!! You should try it
game-hours: 1259.0
review: gud and addictive/....
game-hours: 1247.3
review: Ahh Dota the most beautiful game in the whole of steam... Featuring: Blood,Creeps,Heroes and GIANT CENTAURS THAT STOMP THE GROUND. In all seriousness please play this game it'll be worth it.
game-hours: 726.5
review: very nice game :D
game-hours: 1590.9
review: The most strategiest game I have ever played. You will find it is interesting & challenging to be among the Dota 2 community.
game-hours: 4.5
review: a must have for any DotA2 player
game-hours: 0.9
review: Better than Forrest.
game-hours: 6983.0
review: imba
game-hours: 220.2
review: I LOVE THIS GAME THANK YOU !
game-hours: 2053.8
review: best game eu better then leauge of lesbains.
game-hours: 2012.9
review: DOTA2 IS MY BEST GAME ...
game-hours: 599.5
review: GOOD GAME WELL PLAYED !!
game-hours: 897.3
review: reccomended for everyone
game-hours: 69.6
review: THIS GAME IS AWESOME :)
game-hours: 1475.8
review: Very good game! (Y)
game-hours: 752.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 3697.2
review: help me :P :P
game-hours: 930.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 274.3
review: My Review for Dota 2. I have had the the pleasure of playing Dota 2, with over 100 games played, and I feel confident enough to write a review for the game. I am still, however, considered painfully new to the Moba scene, and Dota 2 in the grand scheme of things. What is a Moba When I first heard of Mobas in the video game realm after my 20+ years in experience in working, playing, and experiencing video games, I thought... Moba... what is that? With more reading and research the genre seemed like something foreign. RTS' are moving into the not control many units like in Warcraft/starcraft days of old, instead Dota 2 seems to be more of a single hero arena style where farming for resources (or gold) are still an objective to 'unlock' units or (gear in this case) to make your hero more powerful. After hearing younger generations rant on about this game, and the qualities it held, a group of buddies and I, upgraded our computers, and decided it was time to try our hands at Dota. (Specifically Dota 2). Graphics What I have experienced so far is that Dota 2 sets itself apart with continuous updates to the Heroes abilities, which makes the plethora of Heros at the selection and more diversified Hero customization almost unfathomable and a little overwhelming. For such a simple game the graphics are better than what I remember Frozen Throne (WC3), or even Starcraft brood wars. Controls The refined control, and almost seemingly immersive gameplay makes my wife cringe as I boot up my computer, and she hears the famous music from the Dota 2 screen. Shortly after I am ranting, raving, laughing, and sometimes shamefully yelling like I am watching a football game. I enjoy immensely the almost fluid button control off the bat that allows for easy pick up and memorization. Community & Experience The experience that Dota 2 delivers is massive, and the knowledge that is acquired can only be learned through playing matches. This brings me to the Moba community; outwardly the community has an appearance of that of a trojan phalanx. However if you tap into the forums, with Steam (Valves) built in community it can be easy. There can be a rough and jarring experience. The jarring part of the community comes from a small group of people called smurfs whom remake an account and start fresh for better rep, and commending good behavior. These smurfs are seasoned to veteran players who generally play in the beginner matchmaking ranks that prevent most learning from occurring to boost their rep/win/loss ratio. Justice I mentioned commending behavior, this is probably my most favorite tool. Dota 2 has the most effective team that cares to respond to commending, and reporting. The Commending and Reporting system in Dota 2 is like justice from the community, so many dings and you will get punished or banned from the game by the moderators. Commendations occur when people check out your profile and critique the good and bad aspects of your game performances. The four categories to rate people are: Friendly, Forgiving, Teaching, or Leadership. For example, I am not a forgiving teacher, nor am I very forgiving of mistakes so I have 2 Friendly, 0 Forgiving, 1 Teaching, 2 Leadership from community commendations. Coaching Coaches in the Dota2 community are generally a seasoned player that either you come across after failing so many times, or just by simply posting on the Dota 2 community forums and asking for some help. As long as you are polite, and not rude, the community will embrace you, and there are some that would probably embrace you for not. Because the community is massive over 9,000,000 unique hits the month of Dec 2014. In closing, it is almost impossible to cover everything for this game as it is seemingly simplistic and very in depth at the same time. Because of the experience in this game is Community based I factored that into my judgement. Rating:4/5 Pros: Graphics Hero Selection Commending/Reporting Refined Controls Continually updated Coaching Cons: Community- outward appearance perception is everything Hero Customization- can be overwhelming at first
game-hours: 841.4
review: I wanted to stop playing to talk about this game, but I can not 10/10
game-hours: 3804.9
review: yes
game-hours: 3263.3
review: mid or feed -IGN
game-hours: 2591.6
review: Nice game! :)
game-hours: 1860.4
review: this game is one of the best games i have ever played in my entire life.
game-hours: 1711.7
review: This game will make you super competitive and hate your friends :c BUT ITS WORTH IT!
game-hours: 2922.9
review: My name is Artour Babaevsky. I grow up in smal farm to have make potatos. Father say "Artour, potato harvest is bad. Need you to have play professional Doto in Amerikanski for make money for head-scarf for babushka."I bring honor to komrade and babushka. Sorry for is not have English. Please no  pasta coperino pasterino liquidino throwerino.
game-hours: 4659.7
review: 4k h wasted, do not download
game-hours: 2649.2
review: i played it once! and it was a bad idea
game-hours: 2779.6
review: this game ing sucks, 10/10
game-hours: 1132.3
review: nice
game-hours: 1348.4
review: goood game.
game-hours: 1723.0
review: This game just made me not to sleep 24/7...
game-hours: 1010.3
review: This game is teamplay, play your part and have fun! If you are getting this game train against bots, hook up with some friends and party up against others! hf =]
game-hours: 4.0
review: Great fun, but terribly long tutorial and takes a bit of time to get into, but I can really see how addicting this can be!
game-hours: 2403.9
review: worth it to play it.
game-hours: 170.6
review: Buy this game it's free.
game-hours: 704.4
review: i love this game, its awesome!!
game-hours: 3539.4
review: althou valve sucks, i love dota. it's a fun game to play with friends (if u have your team).
game-hours: 1916.1
review: Honest Review. This game is a huge headache Ive been playing MOBA's for over 12 years. You want to progress without a team. Prepare to be at the fate of people that do not want to play as a team game. This game is meant to be a team game. The Team idea of this game is for your entire team to pick a ( Carry ) most cases a hero that can last the length of a game and skills scale very well. Hence everyone wanting to play this type of hero. Then you have support which I really do not mind playing as well as long as we are a team. Nope be prepared to be faustrated to the point of no return. I have uninstalled this game as I can truly see no positive coming from this game. People are rude. The team play is near non existent unless you are on a team and everyone wants to have the score despite no record keeping being held on the game. Yes it is easier to potty train your children then to progress past a point in this game. Then if you make mistakes instead of being coached you get bashed on continuesly until your spirit is not even in the game no more. Yes Potty training is not fun, but at least your kids arent bashing you continuesly while your coaching them to aim their skills correctly. Soapbox out and I've uninstalled this trainwreck for the last time. Thank you valve for bringing premium entertainment at no cost but I think I would rather be in the bathroom at this point at least everyone there speaks english. Edit 12/24/2014. The matchmaking is tons better most of the time you get a team that wants to win but on occaision it can be a drain to be in a game.
game-hours: 230.2
review: i suck at this game but i still play it because its fun
game-hours: 778.2
review: I like this game but the part I don't like about this game is when I play, I set my language setting on Englsih and I still play with Mexicans or Russians. And Valve plz fix the connection problem. I got diconnected like 4/5 games.
game-hours: 1461.8
review: nice game :)
game-hours: 1269.4
review: awesome
game-hours: 1949.3
review: The worst and best game on the world at the same time
game-hours: 3195.3
review: dota never die
game-hours: 885.0
review: May or may not consume your life !
game-hours: 327.8
review: Got called a Pubescent  by a guy and his friends, later he added me, then he 1v1 me and destroyed my . After that i got reported by the guys. 12/10 Would Get Rekt Again.
game-hours: 1878.1
review: very awesome game ever
game-hours: 600.7
review: It's a moba  So far I have played Hon, League, and Dota 2 and as of this point this one is my favorite. The user interface is visually pleasing and easy to use, you have acess to all heros right out of the gate so you don't need to purchase them like in League. There's still an insane learning curve if you are new to mobas, expect to suck if you are new. Great when played with friends, this game is always worth a try (all of them are, really, they're free)
game-hours: 1306.1
review: #1 top game
game-hours: 440.4
review: Its a very good game because there are over 100 heros to play so you will never get bored!!
game-hours: 1741.2
review: The only game i played everyday. The only game i will play for another years in the future. The only game that will never uninstalled off my laptop. The only game that will still played even after i turn 50. The only game that played by 10 out of 15 PC on internet cafe. The only game that wherever we go, people will always have knowledge about it. The only game that often makes me mad, happy, envy, angry, grows at the same time. The only game that worth 10,000 Hours for me to spent to. I AM LOVING IT. DOTA 2, THE GAME THAT LIVES.
game-hours: 893.7
review: yeh
game-hours: 2648.8
review: Do not play this game. Otherwise your life is condemned !
game-hours: 1575.7
review: ,
game-hours: 562.4
review: BEST GAME EVER!
game-hours: 3357.4
review: .
game-hours: 261.1
review: I LIKE ALL :D
game-hours: 2872.2
review: the real game ever i play
game-hours: 270.1
review: gr8 b8 m8 i r8 8/8 ~ ign
game-hours: 0.3
review: graphics are really cool lots of fun to watch id recommend this to everyone
game-hours: 1218.3
review: Smooth gameplay for a MOBA, easy to learn, you play the same map over and over, but each time it feels completely different as different combinaions of ally and enemy heros makes each match unique and fun. Unfortunately, the game has one downfall: it is way too addictive and most matches last one hour long :/ so it is easy to waste days playing DotA 2, but it is worth it :P
game-hours: 438.2
review: best game ever. trust me, you will never get bored out of this one.
game-hours: 898.7
review: THE GREAT GAME
game-hours: 1059.1
review: Having played the original Dota I was a bit sceptic about this release. Before i played it I thought it looks a bit too glossy. But now, around 40 games later, I must say that the feel is very similar and even the gameplay itself is nearly the same - but better looking and easier to handle. I find it hard to go back, and of this I was pretty sure I would. Whoever developed this should be proud of themselves. An old great game just got a new suit!
game-hours: 3125.1
review: didn't play much of it but it is a fun game to learn russian and get yelled at by south americans
game-hours: 1311.7
review: Putang Ina Mo,Ako Mid,Stfu,Noob,Cibai,Dog,Walang ina bobo, and Rage quit Simulator 1/10
game-hours: 640.9
review: Best Game Ever !
game-hours: 312.1
review: Really great game
game-hours: 2545.9
review: Very addicting game.
game-hours: 886.2
review: nice game!
game-hours: 1236.7
review: good game
game-hours: 1245.5
review: THIS GAME IS SO AWESOME PLAY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW BETTER THAN LEAGUE OF LEGENDS
game-hours: 1237.9
review: Great game
game-hours: 1937.5
review: It was fun
game-hours: 193.9
review: Like League but good.
game-hours: 3080.9
review: woops!
game-hours: 1638.4
review: Recommended Game
game-hours: 1419.9
review: Gametime says it all. great game.
game-hours: 1727.6
review: epi game.,hahahaha commend
game-hours: 429.6
review: Best MOBA ive ever played! it has great graphics, great mechanisc, great everything!
game-hours: 3617.4
review: Dota 2 (free) is among that class of games that defines the "casual" genre. Easy to play and even easier to get addicted to, Dota 2 could easily suck up all your time (and money) if you let it. If you want mindless hero-matching, then look no further.
game-hours: 1215.3
review: Played since Garena and BattleNet time, I lost a lot of games because of MH's and kitters! Then, Dota 2 came out!!! Not more MH's and kitters numbers decreased a lot... Still losing, damn Xicanos and 's!! 10/10, would giff mana again to Dimitri!
game-hours: 1804.5
review: Overview: Dota 2 is hands down one of the most challenging games to get in to, the sheer amount of items, heroes, and mechanics can seem extremely overwhelming. But don't let this discourage you! As one grits their teeth and pushes through, they will discover a game rich in content and a game that is very enjoyable to play. Dota 2 has been one of the most challenging games I have ever played and I find myself drawn back to it often for that very reason. This game is not only fun, but very satisfying to play, esspecially in the team setting. What I would like to see...: Despite the recently implemented tutorials, the experience for new players can still be very rough, I would like to see a more community based introduction to help new players. In addition to this, I feel like the games interface is filled with hidden bugs that often get ignored in favor of ballance fixes, let's see some client fixes! Bottom Line: If you want a challenge and can invest some time, download Dota 2. If you are looking to get into this game but are confused by the game, message me, and I will help you. I love this game! Kanoobee's Score: 9/10
game-hours: 1530.2
review: help
game-hours: 2370.3
review: 10/10 IGN rates skyrim with guns.
game-hours: 1656.1
review: best game ever
game-hours: 342.8
review: The most engrossing game I have ever played. I started playing the game thinking that I probably wouldn't like it and would stop after a game or two. 300+ hours later here I am, still improving and still learning all the subtleties of the game that only experience can give you. A very steep learning curve requires you to play several games before you can even get the basic mechanics down, not to mention the hours it will take to learn the nuances of all the heroes and items, and how they interact with each other. Once you can get past the initial wall, it is a game that can be played for hours on end, and doesn't seem to have an end in sight, as it's gameplay seemingly will carry on years into the future. Plus it's free, so why not?
game-hours: 2003.3
review: Aaaah, this game, remember when my brother suggested it to me. I said "Yeah why not". Ive been playing since last year, the game is awesome, it has changed a lot since i started playing it, if you have or haven't ever played a MOBA before. Dota is an awesome option, a great game to jump in and enjoy.
game-hours: 1383.5
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 317.9
review: 2 gamer walk in the bar the first guy playing LOL but another play dota dota play said LOL SUCKS!! LOL player couldn't deny XD
game-hours: 1896.4
review: 11/10. Would play again.
game-hours: 1.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 874.0
review: !
game-hours: 2647.9
review: this game seirously, the worst
game-hours: 307.7
review: wtf
game-hours: 1681.2
review: Downloaded, played, and learned fluent Filipinos and Chinese at the same time. 10/10
game-hours: 683.9
review: Have you always wanted to learn another language but could never stick with it? If yes then vavle has the perfect product for you! Learn spanish and russian in under a month for free!
game-hours: 7.6
review: Amazing game a hrad learning curve but its fun when you finally learn how to play!!
game-hours: 622.8
review: recommended to play!
game-hours: 1788.0
review: Good
game-hours: 118.7
review: bvnvbnvbnvn
game-hours: 3364.0
review: It's DotA, need I say more? If your answer is "yes" then go play ****ing League of Legends...
game-hours: 735.0
review: ohh.
game-hours: 1610.8
review: idi nahuy madre  420/322 kappa
game-hours: 995.9
review: It's like learning to ride a bike without training wheels.
game-hours: 2208.3
review: Really awesome Birdview game, For any of you league of legend players. I feel bad for you, your missing out on a better graphic game with way more fun and action. P.S This game is hard and Games are usually 30:00-40:00 Minutes long. If you need help being an alchemist, P.S me friends.
game-hours: 1245.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 14.7
review: If you like getting sweared at because you made a mistake this is the game for you
game-hours: 334.2
review: awesome and cool game ever.
game-hours: 377.3
review: It's DOTA 2 . (Great time killer)
game-hours: 1413.5
review: 7/10 - Google translate not included
game-hours: 811.3
review: I love this game. :)
game-hours: 1179.5
review: Awesome,And Cool this game,recommend for you all
game-hours: 593.3
review: this game is to adikted i like it
game-hours: 402.1
review: amazing!!!!!
game-hours: 591.9
review: awesome
game-hours: 3019.5
review: Game is hard
game-hours: 13414.2
review: Played a little............Just one more game.
game-hours: 749.3
review: Really Awesome Dudes try it its pretty nice for the extra credit :D.
game-hours: 565.1
review: Good Game
game-hours: 9.9
review: recommended!
game-hours: 1952.9
review: You will swear, you will get pissed, you will flame on your team, you will flame on your friends, you will flame on everyone you see, but you will still come back for more. Mid or feed!!!!!
game-hours: 833.6
review: Awesome game...
game-hours: 1758.1
review: what can i say for dota?
game-hours: 79.9
review: My only problem is my fellow Filipinos that always blame  to their teammates. Just play the game. Enjoy! All in all, DOTA 2 is one of the bestest games ever. More power, bros!
game-hours: 869.9
review: I love this game.
game-hours: 1910.3
review: HATZ HATZ HATZ
game-hours: 1122.4
review: the best strategy game ever!!!
game-hours: 533.1
review: bring friends to this game or you will regret everything while game is on
game-hours: 585.0
review: nice
game-hours: 585.0
review: nice
game-hours: 1146.5
review: im playing dota2..
game-hours: 428.5
review: yes :)
game-hours: 235.5
review: :D
game-hours: 575.6
review: can destroy your friendship 11/10
game-hours: 1013.1
review: i think SE asia have big problem, there is alot pinoy dont know what english is, so its kinda hard to communicate with team, i hope they have they own server ( pinoy server) so i can play with other player who can english
game-hours: 652.9
review: IS SO HOT :)
game-hours: 48.8
review: Un trs bon Arena. Plus complexe que LoL mais le plaisir est l :)
game-hours: 2845.0
review: (   )(   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   ) (   )
game-hours: 111.3
review: Best Moba game ever, Do not miss it
game-hours: 855.3
review: <3
game-hours: 1424.1
review: Highly recommended.
game-hours: 408.2
review: Nice game~!
game-hours: 1871.3
review: It's been almost 6 years now since i was introduced to Dota. Dota is a game that i can play without getting bored just because there are over a hundred heroes to try out and to master. Until now i still have not mastered all of them. Dota is a very strategy dependent game, it requires quite a lot of logic and quick reaction. Playing with friends in a match making system as a team of 5 or creating a custom game where you can play 5vs5 with your friends are both addictive. I was so excited when Dota2 finally came out as i was a big fan of Dota originally. So far i have been experiencing the magical world of Dota2. The only problem i seem to have is i can never find enough people to fill up the 4th or the 5th slot when finding a match because people are just so busy nowadays. I therefore strongly encourage you guys to play Dota2. It is free to play and especialy fun to play with friends. So why don't you download it now?! (PL: Don't worry beginners, Dota2 provides you with a lot of training before the war commence!)
game-hours: 1413.8
review: wee!
game-hours: 919.4
review: i got this game about a week ago and i played it heavily everyday because it really is a amazing game but when a new update came out i tried to download it just lik the ones befor that i had no problem with but this time for some reason it just would not download and i tried EVERYTHING for about 4 days now and im really disapointed because i can no longer play the game because dota 2 will not update. if anybody has any clue why or any way to help me please let me know thanks
game-hours: 1855.8
review: good game
game-hours: 2376.2
review: Im Just Testing This game
game-hours: 255.1
review: Dota 2 is a competitive game.. It's a hard game but once you get used to it, you can't leave your PC!
game-hours: 3209.2
review: Causes anxiety problems, low self esteem, Tourette's syndrome, mood swings, Bipolar disorder, breakdown of relationships, raging erections, racism. Would definitely recommend.
game-hours: 175.5
review: 5/5
game-hours: 25.9
review: Habs jetz so 25 Stunden gespielt Bockt voll blo ich komm nur mit ein paar Helden klar aber sonst Geiles Game
game-hours: 0.2
review: this game!
game-hours: 1004.5
review: Greatest game ever!
game-hours: 86.7
review: 1 map plays like cricket
game-hours: 1146.4
review: If you love stratedgy and have the carisma and charm to manage pub team who has no clue what they're doing this is probably a great game for you. If you play this game alone you will most probably suffer a long chain losses until someone decent at the game takes pity on you and invites you to their group, or you beg them to join yours. All Noobs are not created equal, this game requires fast reflexes, attention to detail and mutlitasking. If suck at using a mouse and keyboard, don't even bother with this game, go back to COD or BF.
game-hours: 1848.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 726.1
review: COOL
game-hours: 3686.1
review: i bad recomend this game
game-hours: 2004.4
review: Like
game-hours: 7.0
review: sweg
game-hours: 1.0
review: The PIRATES have INVADED THE social center! Shive rme timbers, yeh landlubbers better prepare yer cannons before we start our plunderin'! If we capture yeh, we'll make yeh SCURVY DOGS get thrusted out of th airlock! Then, we shall put the skull n' crossbones over the City!
game-hours: 1441.2
review: Best game in the world
game-hours: 67.3
review: GG
game-hours: 1487.8
review: This games need no review ^_^
game-hours: 481.0
review: +rep
game-hours: 2012.1
review: Better than LoL and HoN. LoL is for
game-hours: 742.2
review: easiest game of my life ... gg
game-hours: 697.9
review: The difficulty curve is steeper than a 90 degree angle; you will lose 23% of your games because someone on the other team will be RNGsus; the creeps will follow you to Hell then back, then back to Hell, then back; there's always someone who will pick either Phantom Lancer or Nature's Prophet and backdoor the  out of you; and then ther are the #1337 PWN3Rs M4sT3R R4C3  who will 1. Rage quit, 2. Blame everyone else, 3. Have no idea what they're doing but blames it on their "lag", 4. BE RUSSAIN or 5. All of the Above and More. Seriously,  this game. 10/10
game-hours: 419.7
review: This game allows me to learn the word '' in many languages for free. 10/10
game-hours: 804.2
review: Better than lol.
game-hours: 495.3
review: bello !!!
game-hours: 1266.5
review: Great team work + great gameplay = good game
game-hours: 1412.9
review: Viva peru
game-hours: 1.6
review: dis gam fukin sukz so much dik horly shet y pray dis. so bad.
game-hours: 1547.1
review: Simply the best MOBA game. Great gameplay, good support, a zillion of contents, The International....and GLaDoS(i hate you) ;)
game-hours: 1740.2
review: In Dota Game, Big Team Fight. Dota Randomly Crashes, Nek Minute a Update. 1 Like = 1 Prayer
game-hours: 278.7
review: Great Game
game-hours: 86.0
review: recommended
game-hours: 644.0
review: this game r jesus.
game-hours: 880.4
review: Awesomest game ever!
game-hours: 1986.8
review: This game ruined my life in all the best ways. Highly reccommended.
game-hours: 14.7
review: Great game!
game-hours: 1629.0
review: yes it is a good game that i ever played ....highly recomended
game-hours: 697.1
review: Cool game <3
game-hours: 254.4
review: .
game-hours: 1186.8
review: BEST GAME EVER! :D
game-hours: 218.2
review: I REALLY LOVE THIS GAME IT'S SO ENJOY .
game-hours: 974.4
review: recommend this
game-hours: 650.4
review: Great game :))
game-hours: 660.9
review: GG
game-hours: 79.2
review: very good game! Makes us to think and play.
game-hours: 780.0
review: GG
game-hours: 1283.1
review: .
game-hours: 97.4
review: Great game ever
game-hours: 1445.7
review: good
game-hours: 1401.4
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 2478.6
review: its bad
game-hours: 2290.3
review: Best Game!
game-hours: 2379.7
review: Addicting  full of russian !
game-hours: 376.8
review: Please make dota more support for AMD proccessor and ATI RADEON vga. I have trouble from it, my fps is realy low, beside my friends who have lower pc than me had better fps than me.
game-hours: 2203.9
review: 100/10 EZ KATKA OF MY LIFE HON BEST MOBA
game-hours: 1910.0
review: Good game one of the best but people need to learn how to pick heroes on ranked!!!
game-hours: 269.6
review: Very Addictive Game
game-hours: 1070.2
review: Good <3
game-hours: 238.0
review: good game
game-hours: 1010.9
review: ITS FUN!!!!
game-hours: 432.6
review: 300 hours of my life completely gone... Has it been worth it?? Most probably it has.
game-hours: 817.0
review: this is no nice game
game-hours: 621.4
review: good game must play it
game-hours: 2606.1
review: BEST FREE MOBA GAMES EVERY CREATED IN THIS UNIVERSE
game-hours: 712.4
review: Dota 2 is just the best game i've ever had
game-hours: 1554.6
review: nice
game-hours: 1052.1
review: Got friend a who is a a and shouting like a a.... and he was like "noob teammates" but guess what... he is the noob in the team... Totally worth it..
game-hours: 355.5
review: The game was good, but since the Oracle update I no longer could play it in Offline mode. Ever since that, I don't appreciate this game as much as I did before the update.
game-hours: 1530.3
review: amazing game, i love dota2
game-hours: 2790.1
review: NeverEver
game-hours: 3092.3
review: dota 2
game-hours: 559.5
review: 10/10 would become racist towards Russians again 400 Hours Update: What am I doing with my life?
game-hours: 1264.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 2112.4
review: The Best Game Ever ; ))) I'll Reccomend To Play It
game-hours: 2203.8
review: Muito bom...
game-hours: 435.8
review: best game 100/10
game-hours: 128.0
review: ITS BETTER THAN LEAGUE IM TRICK2G GG WP MLG PRO
game-hours: 1421.9
review: I will never be able to stop playing this addictive and tactical game. The fun never ends!
game-hours: 512.6
review: game best .. kalo main captain draft .. korang bole bincang tentang mane nk pick ngan ban . mmg strategic game la . kene stabilkan support ..tanker ..jungle..carry .. baru game syiok ! rat doto rat doto .. ahah goodluck .. ini lah game yg puncakan korang bole jadi dendi aka pendi ( pinoy version dendi )
game-hours: 91.9
review: Filled with lovable Russians!
game-hours: 6011.5
review: Best game ever made
game-hours: 1852.6
review: A game that has ruined my life. 10/10 would play for days
game-hours: 2830.2
review: joguei pouco tempo pra dizer algo util...
game-hours: 1721.4
review: Destroyed my social life, 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 504.1
review: Very good
game-hours: 2747.7
review: It's not fun, it's full of s, it's very frustrating and you'll never be good at it.
game-hours: 860.9
review: good game
game-hours: 208.1
review: Nupustas Vejas
game-hours: 14.2
review: mice!
game-hours: 3988.4
review: I only played a little but it was fun ! :)
game-hours: 243.3
review: It's a slow paced MOBA that requires patience, strategy, and a hell of alot of teamwork. 10/10 would never go full  again
game-hours: 988.4
review: best moba
game-hours: 1711.8
review: Ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 1541.1
review: best game i ever play since i was a kid.
game-hours: 862.9
review: Great strategic game
game-hours: 57.9
review: it's ok
game-hours: 911.1
review: yes please
game-hours: 1334.6
review: Just addicted, from DotA time to dota 2.
game-hours: 228.7
review: I charge into battle as a knight and stab a few creeps and I turn into a dragon.Then I get shot by sniper a few times and die before I knew where the sniper was.10/10~Ign "You can't find this in any other game!"
game-hours: 94.7
review: DOTA (Defence of the Ancients) A game of Strategy. This game revolves around one team trying to destroy another teams ancient (to do that players must destroy towers in corresponding order). the game consists of 107 heroes currently (there are still 5 more heroes to be developed; 112 heroes, just incase you forgot how to math) This game is also free, so why not give it a try?! (ofcourse there is a shop in which you buy vanities for heroes, loading screens, renaming tools and various items)
game-hours: 971.3
review: feeding them everyday is my hobby
game-hours: 3715.6
review: Its easy to say community of Dota 2 sucks. If you gonna play this game alone, you gonna have bad time, thats right. In fact, its a team game. Get ingame friends that you find nice to you or get your real friends into this game. It will be more fun to play i promise. Stop judging the entire game with solo gameplay or solo behaviors. You may not like your goalkeeper in your football team. It doesnt give you the right of dispraise your whole Club. Find a new goalkeeper, gawd.
game-hours: 355.8
review: VERRY ADDICTIVE AND MIND BLOWING STRATEGY GAME.
game-hours: 1731.1
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 780.8
review: this is really one of the most best games i have played in my time of gameing
game-hours: 994.4
review: Great Game.
game-hours: 1421.6
review: best free to play games
game-hours: 105.2
review: How to active my account
game-hours: 1472.2
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 15.8
review: GGHF When i entered this game i quickly realised it was a blast... untill i broke my fingers from all the button mashing 99.99999_/ 100
game-hours: 1845.2
review: This is what you should be doing instead of sleeping.
game-hours: 4863.7
review: 9 out of 10 ruined life.
game-hours: 2.5
review: When you like strategie games you'll love this one, classic and cool
game-hours: 1769.1
review: asd
game-hours: 488.0
review: ,      .
game-hours: 4843.7
review: DotA is the only MOBA game!
game-hours: 1768.0
review: good game
game-hours: 2208.5
review: good game
game-hours: 2260.0
review: great game
game-hours: 15.2
review: Not recommended, you may get addicted to it and you can't escape
game-hours: 1241.7
review: gg
game-hours: 769.2
review: best gaem. 11/10 destroyed all of my friendships and i killed my dog in rage.
game-hours: 7.2
review: This game is in my steam library.
game-hours: 2125.8
review: Try it :p
game-hours: 564.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 697.6
review: Good Game Well Played :)
game-hours: 2106.2
review: It is free to play and also u will learn pinoy language
game-hours: 972.8
review: Holyshit!!! nice
game-hours: 1369.1
review: DOTA FTW!!!
game-hours: 1189.6
review: Cool Game
game-hours: 219.2
review: Dota 2 is my recommend this is fun
game-hours: 1634.8
review: i like dis game
game-hours: 2008.7
review: im happy on weeked with this game
game-hours: 76.7
review: i like dis game
game-hours: 479.9
review: WOW!this is a handsome game.
game-hours: 798.2
review: What DotA is for me: Weve recently taken action against one or more players youve previously reported for bad conduct. You have received an additional report submission to use. Thanks for your help in making the Dota 2 community a friendlier place.
game-hours: 1954.9
review: Excellent Rosetta Stone alternative. Already Exchanging recipes with my babushka 10/10
game-hours: 5954.1
review: I learned alot of langauges from playing dota2 Mandarin : Whao Lai Lor, Nee gee shabei, Whao chao nee ma, Nee ma pee Tagalog : Putangina, Bobo, Putanginamo, Bobo tangala Thai: Kuy,55555, Por mung die Russian: , Blyat, Idi nahuy, Pushro nahuy
game-hours: 140.1
review: Amazing.
game-hours: 697.3
review: 9/10 would search for match again
game-hours: 2530.1
review: Here is your typical sarcastic review of DOTA2: The game is so good, I picked a carry then asked for safe lane at the start of the picking phase -Team then picks: FACELESS VOID, ANTI-MAGE, SPECTRE ****! REPORT SUBMITTED. Damn this is fun, 10/10 would play again Situations where you become frustrated about losing because of lack of proper communication with your team arise very often in this game, so the key to enjoying is by simplying letting go (not so easy when desperate to win). Aside from this con, everything else is pretty much solid, and it is still a very enjoyable game 85/100
game-hours: 1036.7
review: WP
game-hours: 43.6
review: I don`t say that the game isn`t good. For the ones who love this game is a masterpice. But for me... I kinda like it but i dont play it. Update: I started to play DOTA 2....And all i can say that is way much better than League of Lesbians...No ofence 10/10 Update of the Update: Its fun its epic its awesome its amaizing and its FREE.
game-hours: 547.7
review: good
game-hours: 1082.6
review: You can't really complain when they hand you a masterpiece for free.
game-hours: 415.2
review: I hate everyone in DOTA
game-hours: 4.2
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 1217.3
review: Very addictive game ! (Y)
game-hours: 563.5
review: souls are meant to be grabbed
game-hours: 45.1
review: dota 2 more like so  i deleted it from my harddrive 30 times 2
game-hours: 820.1
review: npppppppp
game-hours: 582.7
review: first im not verry good at english so sorry for that. i dont know if i recomend this game... it's like a good version of leuge of legends but the bad thing is like all players speak russian and everyone call everone else noob and they can get relly mad and mean in dota 2 so it my favorite game bot if you cant take that you bing called noob and things like that then i dont recomend thes game.
game-hours: 39.0
review: The first time I saw this game, My thought was that this game was lame but when I try it's really fun and awesome. There are like 50 heroes that you can pick so you wouldn't get bored. Every heroes have ultimate ability. For example, Zeus can send a lightning strike to all of the opponent's heroes. Jaggernaut can jump and slice the opponent's heroes to pieces. My Rating: 10/10 Please try this game. It's good as . If you don't know how to play, please check the dota 2 wiki or watch at youtube.
game-hours: 1525.0
review: Nice game!
game-hours: 867.2
review: !!!!!!
game-hours: 1187.9
review: This is awesome game. Must play this game
game-hours: 2302.1
review: One of the best Free to Play games and among the best team games on the market today. It takes a bit to learn how to play it properly but later on it's an awesome experience.
game-hours: 166.4
review: GG
game-hours: 2313.4
review: ! !  !   ,  !
game-hours: 181.4
review: good game
game-hours: 6.0
review: It's fun, but it's also so russian that my friends started learning how to speak russian and now he swears at me in russian all the time.
game-hours: 1232.3
review: I'm addicted man help me out......10/10.
game-hours: 557.3
review: 11/10 would feed again
game-hours: 1414.9
review: good
game-hours: 482.2
review: yes
game-hours: 1241.3
review: I RECOMEND THIS GAME WITH ALL I HAVE. I HAVE BECOME ADDICTED AND CAN"T STOP PLAYING. THIS IS WAY BETTER THAN LEAGUES.
game-hours: 425.8
review: Peru servers make me want to backdoor my own ancient if u no hwat i meen (   ) 10/dendl would feed again
game-hours: 1027.3
review: My favorite game so far :))
game-hours: 619.1
review: i liked dota2 coz u can learn teamwork in this game
game-hours: 445.2
review: Best Cold War simulator I've played so far, you'll be hating the russians in no time.
game-hours: 1439.5
review: You cursed peice of . I wish you never were in my life. I ing hate you. I hate all the god damn rage you fill me with. I hate your ing 2 week voice bans you ing give me. I hate all the russians and spanish  that liter this game. I hate the fact that you steal my sleep. I hate the fact you make me ignore real life. I hate that I spend time watching other people play you when I cant. I ing hate you dota. I ing hate you so much. You ing satan spawn of a game. I ing hate you. Youre really fun though.
game-hours: 5.1
review: ABSOLUTELY CRAP. I could crash my keyboard in a game. who need those games... thats just stupid gameplay
game-hours: 85.1
review: like this game... thank's make game like this...
game-hours: 363.5
review: nice
game-hours: 1569.5
review: ,                         ,   ,          : 10    10
game-hours: 1266.0
review: This is nice game~~
game-hours: 520.9
review: game so nice :)
game-hours: 1230.7
review: best
game-hours: 3334.9
review: mantaavvvv gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
game-hours: 5.0
review: This game has a very good Concept i like how when i am playing it looks like i have my monitor turned off, the brightness in game is great just ask Ray charles. He has the same perception of the game as we do! and last i think the map design is better than league since they put trees that u can cut down by using leaves yes! i said leaves! Alright 10/10 would uninstall again.
game-hours: 1704.1
review: my life
game-hours: 4043.4
review: So much better than League of Legends, its basically 2.0, so much more you have to worry about with combinations of items and whatnot, great game, extremely addicting haha
game-hours: 0.2
review: well i don't get the point of the game but i like my profile background and i think it can be funny^^
game-hours: 219.4
review: Dota 2 is my recommend this is fun
game-hours: 1634.8
review: i like dis game
game-hours: 2008.7
review: im happy on weeked with this game
game-hours: 76.7
review: i like dis game
game-hours: 479.9
review: WOW!this is a handsome game.
game-hours: 798.2
review: What DotA is for me: Weve recently taken action against one or more players youve previously reported for bad conduct. You have received an additional report submission to use. Thanks for your help in making the Dota 2 community a friendlier place.
game-hours: 1954.9
review: Excellent Rosetta Stone alternative. Already Exchanging recipes with my babushka 10/10
game-hours: 5954.1
review: I learned alot of langauges from playing dota2 Mandarin : Whao Lai Lor, Nee gee shabei, Whao chao nee ma, Nee ma pee Tagalog : Putangina, Bobo, Putanginamo, Bobo tangala Thai: Kuy,55555, Por mung die Russian: , Blyat, Idi nahuy, Pushro nahuy
game-hours: 140.1
review: Amazing.
game-hours: 697.3
review: 9/10 would search for match again
game-hours: 577.4
review: Game is so addictive... ^_^
game-hours: 1264.9
review: Worst game ever. 4 ing idiots in your team every ing time/ 10/10
game-hours: 1546.2
review: Good game play,new skin heroes and skills..very nice graphics :D
game-hours: 297.1
review: I smoked weed pretty well with a centaur war runner who was blazing at like 522 movement speed 4 out of 5 w33ds
game-hours: 688.6
review: Consumed my life 10/10
game-hours: 6688.5
review: Good game
game-hours: 568.2
review: I like this game because it gives me a lot of time to escaped all my problems.. :D
game-hours: 1536.2
review: you cant enjoy this game uness you commit. and your life will be ruined. also when you have to wait 40 minutes for a game that you know you are loosing because some  is feeding and wont just leave, its the worst thing in the world. its really good game, but I dont recommended it. also there is this one hero that can never loose. unless the player is a full .
game-hours: 299.4
review: why cant i update? i can login and open dota but it keep saying i need to update, buttheres no update option?
game-hours: 2231.3
review: great game, getting killed by crap ban system and matchmaking. Valve master guide to destroy a masterpiece.
game-hours: 271.3
review: amazing
game-hours: 1036.0
review: 10/midorfeed perfect game 4 learning russian, trust me get it Kappa
game-hours: 269.9
review: MOBA
game-hours: 802.7
review: THIS GAME MAKES ME COMPORTABLE PLAYING WITH AND I WANT TO KNOW HOW FAR I GET TO THIS GAME THANKS VALVE FOR MAKING THIS GAME
game-hours: 8.7
review: +1
game-hours: 2798.8
review: )))
game-hours: 1116.2
review: GOOD!!
game-hours: 944.4
review: Most fun I've ever had playing a game. All the elements of it just make it so enjoyable. Only complaint, it's also the most rage inducing game I've ever played.
game-hours: 1299.5
review: Like Skyrim with guns -IGN
game-hours: 897.5
review: This game helps you to improve your gameplay. It really works for a teamfight and a teamplay comes in. :)
game-hours: 2045.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 366.2
review: Awesomely addicting and great fun with friends
game-hours: 2202.6
review: #1 GAME IN RUSSIA
game-hours: 506.4
review: nice
game-hours: 1370.1
review: This game will take every free moment you have away from you... and fill that time with more joy, hate, suspence, drama and excitement than you could have ever gotten without it.
game-hours: 716.1
review: Brain Game
game-hours: 1420.1
review: 10 / 10 No Regret
game-hours: 1155.3
review: nice :X
game-hours: 198.4
review: GOOD GAME!
game-hours: 1058.3
review: Really fun and really addicting. everyone trashes the toxic community but i dont think dota would be half as fun if people didnt yell at eachother. Its what made CoD MW2 Hardcore S&D so fun because a bunch of no lifes would yell at eachother for the dumbest reasons
game-hours: 998.6
review: Like!!
game-hours: 252.1
review: best game
game-hours: 1686.6
review: Hallo. Happy playing in Dota2 this game is good (y)
game-hours: 659.1
review: The game's beyond great, but some people just can't admit it. They're afraid of the greatness of this game, that made me a junkie. The cost of this game is your life and soul, but at least you get to beat up Russians. Read: Not all Russians are annoying or bat at this game, I've met a few nice ones! But the nice ones are really hard to find. Like, really really hard.
game-hours: 2074.7
review: Played a few hours, now i am fluent in russian. 10/10 would recomment for everyone learning  language
game-hours: 1557.9
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 1128.2
review: The best ever!
game-hours: 29.2
review: How to learn Russian for dummies.
game-hours: 1084.6
review: yesssss
game-hours: 295.1
review: unstoppable...
game-hours: 312.6
review: Good game
game-hours: 593.0
review: Wonderfull game
game-hours: 748.1
review: i'm pro
game-hours: 724.2
review: nices game ...
game-hours: 1520.8
review: What is life?
game-hours: 586.9
review: good
game-hours: 179.8
review: One of the best games I've ever played if not the best. I can't get bored of it because every match is different in various ways.
game-hours: 537.5
review: do you want to go killing spree with your friends? go buy this game
game-hours: 1281.6
review: :D
game-hours: 494.7
review: good game
game-hours: 1238.6
review: Nice game, who loved play a game must be play this  game xD
game-hours: 2015.8
review: since dota 2, i forgot that other games excist.
game-hours: 337.5
review: 10/10 Is like Skyrim whit guns xD
game-hours: 127.4
review: Good GUI
game-hours: 114.3
review: Eh, It's alright. Community is toxic, though. Okay, but in all seriousness: DotA 2 is a good game. It's challenging, strategic and fun. The major complaint I have with this game is that it's made by VALVe. NOW LET ME EXPLAIN: I love VALVe, and I love their games. But VALVe has stuck with the First-person genre for a really long time, and I'm not too sure they should go to the MOBA genre. For one, when you are playing their games, you can see and feel how much effort they've put into the scenery and textures, no matter what game (Yes, I know some of the Textures in HL2 were , but it was 2004, guys, come on.) In DotA, on the other hand, the whole enviroment looks really bland and boring to me. You hardly notice the amount of effort put into texures in this game, and boy, is it minimal. I mean, sure, it's fine, but it doesn't live up to VALVe standards. Which brings me to another subject: The Characters. VALVe games also have interesting characters with fun and loveable personalities. For example: GLaDOS's sarcastic and sadistic personality, Francis's tough and douchy personality and Soldier's patriotic and kinda dumb personality. In DotA...None of the charaters have much personality... I mean, sure, they do say some funny things now and then, but to me, they're like cardboard with a little rainbow paint in the middle: It doesn't stick out that much, and they feel really bland, something that isn't quite VALVe-ish. And you can make the arguement that: ''Oh, but they had to cut down the personality-thingies because of the abilities!'' Yes, I know that, but I wouldn't say that anyone's abilities are that thought out (Except for Invoker's.) Don't get me wrong, there must've been some planning, but just by looking at the Models, you can kinda feel what this hero's abilites are. FOr example: Huskar, just by looking at him, I can tell that he's a berserker, and his abilities focus around that: The more he is damaged, the more he hits. And that's the thing! They put more time into the moveset than the actual characters, and that's something that really bothers me... But yeah, I do recommend this game. It's still fun, but if you're a diehard fan of VALVe, I think you should stear away from it, and find out what you're getting into: This is NOT a regular VALVe game.
game-hours: 4.5
review: i like DOTA 2
game-hours: 1956.4
review: garbage
game-hours: 187.7
review: Nice game .. very nice game.. but i think you should repair the abandon system
game-hours: 287.3
review: This game is more addicting than the most addicting substance on earth.
game-hours: 2186.1
review: nice
game-hours: 5.2
review: dont.....just dont........... I would rather stick my face in a toaster....
game-hours: 705.1
review: HI,ITS NICE MEET YOU! :)
game-hours: 1553.5
review: It's ok.
game-hours: 5077.5
review: troller for the WIN!
game-hours: 1201.2
review: very bad game do not play 10/10
game-hours: 1836.2
review: pantek
game-hours: 346.8
review: yes
game-hours: 1371.9
review: nice gamer
game-hours: 743.4
review: Awesome game :)
game-hours: 706.9
review: This game... This game is so much fun. I had never played a MOBA before Dota 2, and I thought I never would. If you didn't know what a MOBA was, it's a Multiplayer Online Battle Arena. There are 10 people in a game, 5 on each team. You pick a hero out of 100+ heroes and fight together as a team and hopefully win. It sounds straight forward, but there is a lot of strategy involved and you have to think before you act. I remember hearing about it a lot while it was in Beta, but never really took an interest in it. But when it officially realized, I took a stab at it and never look back. I now have about 140 hours on it, and I've been playing it for a couple months. It is that fun. But if you have never played a MOBA before, it has a VERY steep learning curve. I remember going into my first online game after the training and was for some reason in the All Pick gamemode (I'll get to the gamemodes later) for some reason and played as Bristleback as he look really awesome. I though I would do good... I was wrong, so wrong. I did sooooo bad, so, so bad. I recommend you look up some guides and videos before you jump into online. Also, play a lot of bot games before online too. When you start playing online, choose the Limited Heroes mode. The LM mode is where you can choose out of the 20 easiest heroes and hopefully play against other new people. This is where everyone should start. The other gamemodes are Single Draft, you choose out of 3 randomly chosen heroes, Least Played, you can choose out of your leasted played heroes, All Pick, where you can choose any hero, Captains Draft, you get assigned a captain who assigns and bans heroes for you from a limited hero pool, Captains Mode, the same as Captains Draft, but you can pick and ban all the heroes in the game, not just some, Random Draft, you choose a hero out of a pool of 20 heroes, everyone takes turns, and All Random, you get assigned a random hero. Dota 2 is a free to play game, but it is NOT pay to win. Everything you can buy are all cosmetic and do not affect gameplay. When you are in your match, there will be things called "Towers", you want to protect yours and destroy the other teams. There are also little minions called Creeps, they are more important than you think. They go up with you in the Lanes, which there are 3 of. A bottom, middle, and top lane. Your prized possesion and most valuable structure is your Ancient. If you destroy the other teams, you win, if they destroy yours, you lose. Simple. There is also a big monseter called Roshan. If you kill him, he drops an item call the Aegis of the Immortal. Whoever picks it up will resurrect at the spot they died. There is some more in depth stuff in the game, but this is a review, not a guide. So there it is. my review for Dota 2. It is a very, very fun and addicting MOBA with a steep learning curve. if you just want a score, I would give it a 9.5/10. Not a 10 because of it's steep learning curve preventing some players getting into the game. Thanks for reading! :) Also, this was my first Steam review, feed back is appreciated.
game-hours: 51.4
review: good game, but can you please make philippines a new server and separated them from SE Asia? so we will more enjoying this game :)
game-hours: 4110.7
review: great game GG
game-hours: 392.0
review: It was fun
game-hours: 590.9
review: i liked because it was always having fun to hero kill but dislikes the most of trash talkers.. :-) its just a game so keep calm always..:-D
game-hours: 894.5
review: GoodLuckHaveFun :D
game-hours: 1355.8
review: The best dictionary for slang languages Wanna learn Peruvians? NORTH AMERICAS Russian? EU WEST Tagalog? SEA Wanna meet racists? STRAYA
game-hours: 1472.0
review: epic game ever
game-hours: 255.5
review: Sproink! SPROINKKKKKKKK SPROIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINKKKKK!
game-hours: 293.0
review: Hnestly speaking i miss you so much but what i did to you nahhh . . . Sge nalang giturkar napud akung pagka moody cgurooo pero ok lang na cguro para pud cguro ma makamata ko pero btw . I'M SO THANKFUL TO HAVE U IN MY LIFE THE MEMORY WE SHARE TOGETHER HEHEHEHEHE SALAMUCH grin emoticon #hooOWGOatgrin emoticon
game-hours: 749.2
review: Good Game
game-hours: 350.1
review: GOOD GAME!!!
game-hours: 231.4
review: I like this game because i've played the first generation first and start liking the Dota2. Easier to learn, good for new player, and need time to learn. Take your time, start liking it first, then play and learn, and become better. That's the key to become a good Dota(2) player :) Anyway RECOMMENDED!
game-hours: 1274.1
review: The best game evaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!
game-hours: 284.3
review: good game
game-hours: 967.7
review: Fun game would play it over and over
game-hours: 1333.2
review: really like this game......from dota 1 until dota 2 thumbs up
game-hours: 1335.9
review: best game ever, maybe i will play this till next 100 years, lol
game-hours: 2185.5
review: it's alright i guess not something i would put time into
game-hours: 3795.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 4857.9
review: Dota 2 is best online multiplayer game ever
game-hours: 52.2
review: KOOL GAME GUYS
game-hours: 1359.1
review: "Do you recommend this game?" what 10/
game-hours: 604.4
review: Good game. I want to play it everyday
game-hours: 3663.7
review: good game XD
game-hours: 1957.6
review: well spent time play dota guys
game-hours: 520.9
review: If you'll make it past the very high learning curb and the rage infested community this game is THE BEST OF IT'S KIND, gg Valve.
game-hours: 1916.2
review: dota 2 is life
game-hours: 63.6
review: how to play: step 1: download step 2: install step 3: start step 4: play tutorial (optional if played moba before) step 5: choose where you are from step 6: start a match step 7: wait for the 10th player to finish for 5 to 10 minnutes step 8: learn Russian step 9: get ganked step 10: get blamed for loosing step 11: train and get good/learn more Russian 10/10 would wait for 10th Russian again
game-hours: 1321.6
review: Toilet paper not included with download. Best you bring ur own. It might take a while to get through this dictionary.
game-hours: 994.7
review: awesome game la
game-hours: 1357.9
review: MID OR FEED
game-hours: 2103.9
review: Really fun game to play
game-hours: 1866.4
review: Firstable this game is the best MOBA for me, i played since DotA 1. It's a perfect game, that combines your skills, with cooperation of 5, and above all using your head and moves correctly.
game-hours: 3479.2
review: 10/10 Volvo make mor hero ples
game-hours: 4507.2
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 853.9
review: A game that will only take a "Little" of your time
game-hours: 985.5
review: this game is awsome.... :D
game-hours: 549.1
review: try it
game-hours: 5335.4
review: One You Go Dotka You'll never go back
game-hours: 520.9
review: One of the best MOBA's in existence !
game-hours: 777.5
review: welp
game-hours: 1878.7
review: 2gud
game-hours: 1159.1
review: Though it has a harsh learning curve, get this game, invest 100 hours, become awesome, play in a harder bracket, get crushed rinse and repeat for a million hours Good game, good sinkhole of time, good crusher of dreams 10/10
game-hours: 1980.2
review: do you want to have fun? yes? than play something else.
game-hours: 410.2
review: This is best game ever !!! HarriWPS
game-hours: 2361.5
review: 1
game-hours: 599.9
review: not BAD
game-hours: 1509.3
review: <3
game-hours: 2821.6
review: The best game in the World
game-hours: 1131.2
review: Fun at first, but gets very boring after playing for a while.
game-hours: 1259.5
review: DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME your life will be ruined
game-hours: 199.6
review: Dota 2 is a game that is horrific at first but gradually gets better more you play. The main thing that makes Dota 2 a good game is the equality of classes. There are around 30 different people that you can choose to be before starting a game and most of them are as good a choice of being the other as they will all have posotives and negatives attatched to each class. Some classes are better at the start of the game and some at the end. The ones better at the start of the game are called supports and the ones at the end are called carries. There are 3 categories that classes are placed in: agility, intelligence and stamina. Each game lasts approxtimately 30 to 50 mins but occasionally over/under. There are 2 teams of 5 (named Radiant and Dire)and as the game progresses, characters are leveled up by killing al controlled creeps or other heroes or neutrals or runes. I wont explain what any of these are as this is a review not an explanation. There are 2 major problems with Dota 2 and they are firstly there is only one map. The map has been designed to be even and fair but it can get boring after a while. If you leave a match or get reported a certain amount of times then you will get put into low priority meaning that you can only play with other people that leave the match until you get rid of your 'abandons.' This punishment is beneficial for players that constantly play it as it can get annoying if you lose a match because someone quit however for people that have to go when they have to go it can be unfair because they get penalised a lot and after all it is only a game and it isn't really fair to penalise someone when they are meant to be haing fun. Anyway, the second thing that so many people CANT STAND is the wait. The most I have waited for a match is 20 mins and at the least it takes around 7 mins to find a game and this is all down to slow running servers. You will have to wait around 1 min to join a game on Advanced Warfare PS4 eddition to put this in contrast. This wasted time does build up and you may eventualy find yourself thinking what's the point. Having said this, there are only 2 or 3 (depending whether you are a sweat or not) main negatives for this game and so many other games have so much more faults. I hope you found this useful. Please comment and bye. TCM
game-hours: 277.5
review: best game in ever<33
game-hours: 347.4
review: Lifetime of a generic Dota 2 player: 1. Pick a current meta hero 2. Get good with the current meta hero 3. Get 5k MMR 4. Valve releases a patch that nerfs the current meta hero 5. You start complaining about the nerf 6. You get to 1k MMR 7. You are researching a new meta 8. Get back to 1. 0/10 - Volvo plz nerf
game-hours: 466.2
review: Took me 5 minutes to learn how to move. Then tried to buy items. Ran into tower, died. Team called me a noob and told me to kill myself. Killed myself. Team disconnected. Went into new game. Died again. Repeated for a few hundred hours. Now I don't die first sometimes. 10/10
game-hours: 417.2
review: .
game-hours: 1774.6
review: this is one of the best games i have ever played it's perfectly ballanced and really gives me a new mood every game
game-hours: 2504.5
review: Well, if 1500+ hours sinked into this and one of the top Steam games doesn't tell you anything, I don't know what will!
game-hours: 632.0
review: cool )
game-hours: 333.6
review: awesome !
game-hours: 1306.6
review: ,       ,    1 .   .   1      1 .....         ,    ,                        ,    ,        ,     ,    ,            !!!1!11!     ,          ,   5    1 ,      5000   ,     ,        .
game-hours: 519.3
review: There's a lot of fun in this game! Its good and addictive! :)
game-hours: 1268.1
review: EZ Game, Just it!
game-hours: 2713.7
review: It costs your life!
game-hours: 1493.0
review: i like this game very much!!!!!
game-hours: 923.3
review: Good ^^
game-hours: 2282.9
review: Nice game
game-hours: 451.4
review: You can be my NEW THANG!! AWESOME!!
game-hours: 529.3
review: strategic game +++
game-hours: 1103.5
review: nice game verry goodd
game-hours: 702.4
review: It is really hard to write a review about a game that I love yet brings such rage and anger to me. Obviously this is the same concept as LoL and it has the same gameplay formula. It has it's positives and it's negatives. I have found that a few positives are that the characters are varied and somewhat interesting and their backstories always seem like a good read, it also does not force you to pay for characters to play them such as LoL or Smite, there are no items that the community can buy for their characters that offer bonuses when bought outside the game. They are purely cosmetic, so if you want your character to look nicer then that is there for you. Now I hate to write negatives about games that I actually enjoy but this is a personal peeve of mine. I want to play with people in East or West Europe? That's fine I don't mind meeeting them. However when I get Russians on those servers instead of their own and calling me every name in the book and giving me hell then I begin to get a little mad. Another thing that really grinds me is when the servers can connect you into the game and you can go for a good ten or twenty or even 30 minutes playing with no problem and then get a disconnect from server. That brings my blood to a boil and I find this happening a hell of a lot more every day and I get that it is the Year of the Beast Brawl and that is going to be heavily populated, but why the hell should that affect mine and other Dota player's experience? I am going to say that it needs to be fixed or I am just going to have to stop playing this game and I would hate to do that.
game-hours: 1452.9
review: This game is so good. In that game the total time that you spent is not important there is no chance to pay to win ..Only bad thing is that if you have bad mates in your ,team game will be terrible for you..
game-hours: 129.3
review: awesome !
game-hours: 2207.6
review: This game is very multifunctional because you can play and same time you can learn russian language. No matter how server you choosed , russians are everywhere !!! Maybe you will say " Okaaaaay stop ! I go play on servers of the North America ! " so you find the match in the north america , join , and three russians will greet you with " CY KA BLYAT DAVAY" .. And that is Dota 2. Keywords of Dota are: " RUSSIANS are everywhere ! "
game-hours: 561.1
review: .
game-hours: 3195.6
review: i dont have any idea why the noob russians must play in Eu W Or Eu E when they have theyr own server
game-hours: 457.6
review: I love it
game-hours: 576.4
review: Kappa :d2rubick:
game-hours: 1993.1
review: Main features - flaming -noobs -bugs just a lot of everything learning russian is recommended 10/10
game-hours: 655.3
review: YES RECOMMEND THIS GAME..PLEASE FOLLOW DETAILS
game-hours: 880.7
review: nice game..all u need is teamwork though or u will lose..this can teach us how to make a great team...i give 5 stars ^_^
game-hours: 1531.7
review: (y)
game-hours: 1900.1
review: The best MOBA game!!! 10/10 Sometimes you just can't stop playing it.... It's like never-ending adventure in the same place and the same time, but it's different. Why? 1. More that 100 heroes to choose from; 2. 5 hero combination on Dire and Radient team; 3. Every hero has a big selection of visual customizations; 4. 10 game modes to play and EVENTS!! But sometimes you will stop playing. Why? 1. Russians.
game-hours: 181.0
review: Be aware that you need to select in which Russia you want to play after you install the game.Choose wisely.
game-hours: 629.8
review: Mushi mushi
game-hours: 843.8
review: (y)
game-hours: 713.9
review: gonna be my favorite strategy game ,amazing graphics with cool characters and everything.
game-hours: 6.7
review: This game is pretty fun. This game requires lots of time (about 15-60 minutes, depending on momentum) and requires tactics with your teammates to make comebacks or push on deeper to enemy lines. This is a good, free game that I recommend to my friends. Also, make sure to watch "Free To Play" because the movie is perfect with this game (like wine with some foods).
game-hours: 1970.3
review: My friend send gift to me but i dont receive. pls fix. He lost 3 bundle
game-hours: 1026.8
review: playing with russians = only 99 % Autoloose
game-hours: 1964.0
review: Good game :)
game-hours: 1094.7
review: Gave me a GPA of 4.0 11/10
game-hours: 4040.7
review: be prepared to turn into a racist but yer its sick
game-hours: 1549.8
review: i love this game :D
game-hours: 408.0
review: best match
game-hours: 3297.9
review: Best of any game ever, should play from now!
game-hours: 1355.8
review: The best dictionary for slang languages Wanna learn Peruvians? NORTH AMERICAS Russian? EU WEST Tagalog? SEA Wanna meet racists? STRAYA
game-hours: 1472.0
review: epic game ever
game-hours: 255.5
review: Sproink! SPROINKKKKKKKK SPROIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINKKKKK!
game-hours: 293.0
review: Hnestly speaking i miss you so much but what i did to you nahhh . . . Sge nalang giturkar napud akung pagka moody cgurooo pero ok lang na cguro para pud cguro ma makamata ko pero btw . I'M SO THANKFUL TO HAVE U IN MY LIFE THE MEMORY WE SHARE TOGETHER HEHEHEHEHE SALAMUCH grin emoticon #hooOWGOatgrin emoticon
game-hours: 1756.3
review: Good for Sucking you into a deep addiction which once just started to be a hobby. would recommend 10/10
game-hours: 1715.6
review: .   - .
game-hours: 1086.8
review: Wonderful game
game-hours: 1501.6
review: The trick to not wanting to play with russians is to simply go to the russian region.
game-hours: 3232.0
review: cool game
game-hours: 1280.9
review: GOOD GAME (Y)
game-hours: 587.4
review: whery nice game
game-hours: 469.6
review: Best game with bad community. Do something to separe Russians from humans please. Or at least do something to auto-translate their language or aut-ban them (this is the best way to make this game better). I bet everybody hate that russians who play in your team and you say something and they will say something like "fasfsdfs6afs sdfsdf sdfsad78f6s9a8f" and you don't know what to do ... Or when they have score 0-69 and you die once and they say "you f***ing feeder" , dayumm this is so bad , let them play with their russians and don't let us play with them please !
game-hours: 8.4
review: Never again
game-hours: 1.1
review: 1/10
game-hours: 4857.9
review: Dota 2 is best online multiplayer game ever
game-hours: 52.2
review: KOOL GAME GUYS
game-hours: 1359.1
review: "Do you recommend this game?" what 10/
game-hours: 604.4
review: Good game. I want to play it everyday
game-hours: 3663.7
review: good game XD
game-hours: 1957.6
review: well spent time play dota guys
game-hours: 520.9
review: If you'll make it past the very high learning curb and the rage infested community this game is THE BEST OF IT'S KIND, gg Valve.
game-hours: 1916.2
review: dota 2 is life
game-hours: 63.6
review: how to play: step 1: download step 2: install step 3: start step 4: play tutorial (optional if played moba before) step 5: choose where you are from step 6: start a match step 7: wait for the 10th player to finish for 5 to 10 minnutes step 8: learn Russian step 9: get ganked step 10: get blamed for loosing step 11: train and get good/learn more Russian 10/10 would wait for 10th Russian again
game-hours: 1321.6
review: Toilet paper not included with download. Best you bring ur own. It might take a while to get through this dictionary.
game-hours: 2206.7
review: Official suicide simulator 2015
game-hours: 3773.5
review: Best Game ever !!!
game-hours: 740.6
review: GL
game-hours: 4734.7
review: Russianssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
game-hours: 1333.5
review: A game that need a lot of strategic and plans, NICE!
game-hours: 1277.4
review: If you can stomach the horrible, toxic, idiotic, hateful team mates that you will get in 98% of your games then it can be fun. Try to play with people you know.
game-hours: 729.5
review: azzz
game-hours: 3332.3
review: best game 2015
game-hours: 1583.4
review: very frustrating game that requires team work something some people cannot grasp
game-hours: 606.8
review: Scrubs cant handle my pro riki skillz with 420 noscopz, so HARD to play riki he is the hardest hero, juggernaught is HARD too, those noobs cant handle my ju jitsu.
game-hours: 515.8
review: GG WP
game-hours: 739.4
review: Ms adictivo que la cocana bldo......... :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3
game-hours: 85.2
review: A great, free to play game!
game-hours: 1919.3
review: BEST GAME EVER (though so many updates and space required. hehe) my family also play this game. thats amazing isn't it? i hope this game could be better in the future, and hope valve make Philliphines their own server because their attitude and rude gameplay. thank you so much :)
game-hours: 0.2
review: "Abandon all hope, ye who enter here." I didn't comply with simple instructions, and here I am sobbing. Don't ing do it.
game-hours: 789.6
review: strategic game
game-hours: 43.4
review: The  is a bobo?
game-hours: 1860.7
review: best game ever !!
game-hours: 241.9
review: OMG
game-hours: 2.8
review: it is good. #gettingbadges
game-hours: 150.2
review: its good and interesting
game-hours: 653.0
review: :D
game-hours: 921.6
review: good one
game-hours: 2082.0
review: Started to get a taste of what Dota2 offered... 10/8 would not russian again
game-hours: 790.3
review: review :)
game-hours: 2.0
review: yay
game-hours: 1600.8
review: This game is very fun, even with only 1 map, you will never get bored of it.
game-hours: 2394.5
review: DOTA <3
game-hours: 1071.4
review: Doto 2 is best Doto-  CYKA BLAT
game-hours: 829.8
review: This Game is awesome it enhances yor skills and strategic thinking :D
game-hours: 474.6
review: c: c:
game-hours: 302.1
review: Good enough to write a 5-6 page college essay about.
game-hours: 11.7
review: do not like I am a scrubby scrub scrub. I am such a  please send me  love.
game-hours: 530.2
review: Ain't better than Need for Speed though. I don't feel like racing when playin this game. But seriousely, hail dota.
game-hours: 3428.8
review: Call of Russians:Advanced retardation 10/10would recommend
game-hours: 981.5
review: o-o
game-hours: 2235.5
review: Hey oy! Good game
game-hours: 392.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 600.2
review: very nice game on the Steam
game-hours: 91.2
review: AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 404.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 1238.8
review: nice
game-hours: 1026.7
review: Dis game is hard to learn, but its fun once you learn how to play, even if your bad at it.
game-hours: 824.4
review: sex123
game-hours: 853.4
review: Dota 2 is a very competetive game in the MOBA genre as it is my 2nd Moba i have played, i have truly enjoyed all these hours on here defending ancients and trying to raise my mmr... overall i'd suggest everyone to try it!!!
game-hours: 1269.9
review: So much scammers but when the game itself is talked about.. the game is fantastic..
game-hours: 939.0
review: Very good and Addicting Game!
game-hours: 5.1
review: a
game-hours: 289.1
review: interesting fun and very convennient
game-hours: 3291.9
review: Dota 2 is a game and you will experience what you didn't experience in the other games.
game-hours: 879.6
review: sds
game-hours: 524.5
review: Great game, put 406 hours into it so far and doesnt get old. DOTA 4 life
game-hours: 530.6
review: trash
game-hours: 3814.8
review: Best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1841.8
review: I have played this game since 6 years. and i have never found any other game equivalent to the fun and frustration it gives me.
game-hours: 70.6
review: its nice
game-hours: 914.6
review: Been playing DotA since WarCraft 3 age. Why choose DotA over LoL? Here's why! Some of these things may actually interest you; that's cool, you deserve to be playing LoL then. But for the rest of us that actually enjoy the game, the lore, and have the skill, we deserve DotA2. DotA came before LoL; in fact, some original blokes that worked on DotA moved on to create LoL (Because let's make money). LoL certainly had a "time induced factor" on their side. But DotA, coming from its WC3 roots, brought the game into a new era. So everything that LoL got wrong, DotA2 got right. It may come as a personal preference, but DotA 2 doesn't have the out-of-game, gameplay-breaking factors that is Runes and Mastery pages. One of the major enjoyments about engagements is calculations on the fly - when you've become great at the game, you can compute on the fly if you're going to land this 1 v 1 kill or not. Walking away with the win with less than 50 HP left will screw with the opponents mindset. In LoL, you can't calculate anything like that since you don't know people's runes or masteries. Certainly you can use some websites that are suppose to show those to you, but that is just one flaw in a game - you shouldn't have to be windowing out/checking second monitor. Oh yeah, playing level 10 with almost no runes vs someone with same hero, level 30 rune page with everything unlocked. No matter your skills, you will lose. How is that fair? --- The major complaint about runes/masteries; if you pick up the wrong one due to "lag" at 'loading screen' your game is officially ruined --- Unlike LoL, if your carry sucks you can still effectively carry the game as just a support hero. There are limits to this, such as what heros the enemy team picked vs yours. There's a reason why Silencer was labeled as a carry. If my team is doing trash, I/you can easily turn the game around and win with Shadow Shaman or a Disruptor. In LoL, you think you'll carry with a Soraka? Get out of here... With that note, feeders - unlike LoL, you can win the game even on the rare occassion you get some whiny feeder that didn't get their lane - One of my gameplay recaps was us winning a game even though our ES went full  0-25 because he couldn't handle constructive criticism. Further tac-on; disruptive players can end up muted or in low priority matches. Verbal abuse is punished. Those that fed and/or leave games constantly get put in low priority. For the most part, the DotA community is self-regulated not to be like LoLers - LoL will report for anything, and whine constantly. COSMETICS! This may seem like a minor footnote to people, but it shouldn't! If you're going to want to play a game constantly, why not have some degree on the way the game plays and looks to you? Starting with LoL: you buy a skin that effectively changes the entire outlook/skill use design of the hero. In DotA2, you can customize everything; Don't like the complete set? Change out the chest piece from a different set. Make it completely random! It comes to a point that your hero will not look the same as any other hero out there. Exceptions would be the Arcana set - but even then that is one item piece. And lets just say, Legion Commanders Arcana will change the "look" of all the other pieces she is wearing. B. There is no free town scrolls here. LoL seems to encourage bad plays/get out of jail free. In Dota2, it'll cost you 100gold, no biggie right? If you're constantly going back to fountain, not only are you being hurt by exp loss, but a gold loss as well. This makes the game more exciting, a cat and mouse chase looking for that hero that is almost dead. You'll get the joy and satisfaction of finding that scrub or being that guy that juked them all and got away like a boss. LoL you just press B in a bush. How borring. You can't spamy spam hero skills. This makes precise timing important and game changing. You have a limited mana pool at start and need to be intelligent about what you're doing. LoL, you can spam away all game, if you wanted. That doesn't take skill and isn't very rewarding. In LoL, it's designed for the support to poke a hero to near death and hope your carry is intelligent enough to engage before they just press B and get back to the fountain for free. Summoner spells! Get the hell out of here with that crap. DotA2 doesn't have any of that , thank god. Voice chat. It wouldn't work in LoL because of the teenage ragers, so they don't have it. DotA 2 has it, and it helps tremendously. If you're a LoL player, try dota out. Play against bots to begin, learn the gameplay/heroes. Form friendships - you'll see why DotA2 was designed with a higher quality than LoL. Did I forget anything? Maybe. Hopefully I can edit if I recall anything. RECAP! + DotA been around for a long time (Lore, thoughtful gameplay, etc) + No Rune/Masteries + Crap carries doesn't mean the game is lost + Honest reporting/banning + Cosmetic items that makes LoL look like a cheap flea market + Everything, including time, comes with a price. Use wisely + No spammy spam spells + No Summoner spells (Thank.... God!) + Voice chat + The Bunny Says So!
game-hours: 333.7
review: 11/10 best free game ever!!
game-hours: 1791.2
review: Dota 2 Most Interesting Game i am playing after Age of Empires love Stragety Games. Love to Play DOTA 2
game-hours: 810.3
review: +REP
game-hours: 425.8
review: Peru servers make me want to backdoor my own ancient if u no hwat i meen (   ) 10/dendl would feed again
game-hours: 1027.3
review: My favorite game so far :))
game-hours: 619.1
review: i liked dota2 coz u can learn teamwork in this game
game-hours: 445.2
review: Best Cold War simulator I've played so far, you'll be hating the russians in no time.
game-hours: 1439.5
review: You cursed peice of . I wish you never were in my life. I ing hate you. I hate all the god damn rage you fill me with. I hate your ing 2 week voice bans you ing give me. I hate all the russians and spanish  that liter this game. I hate the fact that you steal my sleep. I hate the fact you make me ignore real life. I hate that I spend time watching other people play you when I cant. I ing hate you dota. I ing hate you so much. You ing satan spawn of a game. I ing hate you. Youre really fun though.
game-hours: 5.1
review: ABSOLUTELY CRAP. I could crash my keyboard in a game. who need those games... thats just stupid gameplay
game-hours: 85.1
review: like this game... thank's make game like this...
game-hours: 604.8
review: test
game-hours: 488.9
review: Stragically
game-hours: 714.5
review: LOL, it''s so funny
game-hours: 1088.5
review: Please block the Pinoy player :S
game-hours: 2221.3
review: master piece
game-hours: 3189.4
review: THe matchmaking system is completely horrible. Would not recommend to a friend
game-hours: 278.1
review: I want something new about this game.i hope it last for a decades.. :)
game-hours: 603.5
review: i love this dota 2
game-hours: 1014.7
review: GG
game-hours: 112.0
review: nice
game-hours: 363.5
review: nice
game-hours: 1569.5
review: ,                         ,   ,          : 10    10
game-hours: 1266.0
review: This is nice game~~
game-hours: 0.4
review: Not a fan
game-hours: 1.8
review: Basically a longer version of a point and click adventure with that little  billy, except in this point and click adventure, billy has a whole squad of mother ing  suckers to help him on his homosexual adventures.
game-hours: 1558.2
review: The best game ever.
game-hours: 566.3
review: Nice Game :)
game-hours: 557.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 543.5
review: 1
game-hours: 1662.6
review: A great game 100% recomendable fun and adictive !
game-hours: 1454.9
review: The day I downloaded Dota, my life fell apart. I sold my wife to get murder of crows. I sold my 2 slaves and 3 children for the International 4 Compendium. Everyday I continue to play. Maybe one day when I reach 0.2k mmr EE will give me kisserino. My keyboard is covered in the lotion on my fingers, my seat covered in hemerrhoid's blood. Every sleeping session, I dream of Arteezy giving me money for more lotion. I sleep for two minutes every day, because I need to stream on Twitcherino. Hipyrit is my mother. I may have to sell her for more lotion. I have already sold my father, smax253. If anyone can donate me more people, I can buy more lotion and play gamerino for 20000 hours.
game-hours: 131.7
review: This Game Is Cool
game-hours: 922.5
review: 10/10 reported
game-hours: 97.1
review: Hala kanindot duwaa. panuwa namo!
game-hours: 509.3
review: good games
game-hours: 1122.4
review: Nice Game!
game-hours: 951.4
review: play like you do
game-hours: 1101.3
review: Best Moba! Get it NOW!
game-hours: 1170.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 63.9
review: nice
game-hours: 116.0
review: Old heros from dota 1!
game-hours: 173.8
review: 10/10 It's alright
game-hours: 656.2
review: good game
game-hours: 907.5
review: GGWP
game-hours: 404.6
review: I learnt how to speak russian :D
game-hours: 653.4
review: (Y)
game-hours: 608.9
review: very recommended for dota 1 player
game-hours: 612.2
review: OK
game-hours: 698.3
review: I've been playing DotA since early released so overall I like this game.
game-hours: 601.8
review: we luck
game-hours: 436.1
review: iLikE
game-hours: 440.9
review: I wan't my life back....
game-hours: 348.6
review: good game, well played
game-hours: 1698.4
review: how to delete dota 2 1.find rank 2k mmr 2.waiting for russians...... 3.the russian players are feeding 4.lose the game at min 20 5.quit dota 2 6.delete dota 2 and now thats how to delete dota 2 i recommend 10/10
game-hours: 451.5
review: its a awesome best game ever ive played
game-hours: 98.3
review: I love to play dota2
game-hours: 398.6
review: hai
game-hours: 1255.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 394.9
review: i like this game so cool
game-hours: 967.6
review: Very fun game.
game-hours: 1311.0
review: Worst community for ever
game-hours: 2460.1
review: rusia pls y u do dis 2 ppl qq gg wp)) 8/8 gr8 g8m m8 plej this  its gud )
game-hours: 47.6
review: liked to trade an item
game-hours: 39.0
review: The first time I saw this game, My thought was that this game was lame but when I try it's really fun and awesome. There are like 50 heroes that you can pick so you wouldn't get bored. Every heroes have ultimate ability. For example, Zeus can send a lightning strike to all of the opponent's heroes. Jaggernaut can jump and slice the opponent's heroes to pieces. My Rating: 10/10 Please try this game. It's good as . If you don't know how to play, please check the dota 2 wiki or watch at youtube.
game-hours: 1525.0
review: Nice game!
game-hours: 867.2
review: !!!!!!
game-hours: 1187.9
review: This is awesome game. Must play this game
game-hours: 2302.1
review: One of the best Free to Play games and among the best team games on the market today. It takes a bit to learn how to play it properly but later on it's an awesome experience.
game-hours: 166.4
review: GG
game-hours: 2313.4
review: ! !  !   ,  !
game-hours: 181.4
review: good game
game-hours: 6.0
review: It's fun, but it's also so russian that my friends started learning how to speak russian and now he swears at me in russian all the time.
game-hours: 1233.0
review: I'm addicted man help me out......10/10.
game-hours: 557.3
review: 11/10 would feed again
game-hours: 1414.9
review: good
game-hours: 482.2
review: yes
game-hours: 1241.3
review: I RECOMEND THIS GAME WITH ALL I HAVE. I HAVE BECOME ADDICTED AND CAN"T STOP PLAYING. THIS IS WAY BETTER THAN LEAGUES.
game-hours: 2027.1
review: I like waffles. This game does not contain waffles. Therefore, it could be better. 322/322 volvo pls add waffles
game-hours: 29.4
review: you like games nice, now do you like broken games? well then this is for you
game-hours: 1748.1
review: cool.
game-hours: 509.0
review: Racism Simulator. You will forever hate peruvians and russians.
game-hours: 0.1
review: A simple game with a welcoming community that will warmly assist and educate you every step of the way.
game-hours: 2056.9
review: DOTA a day keeps the doctor away.
game-hours: 442.3
review: I like the graphics of this game.
game-hours: 299.8
review: When you been called by this words : Bobo ina pta cyk blt  Means you are a noob. Remember it
game-hours: 1740.7
review: i recommend this game coz` its fun and u can meet new friends from all over the world :D
game-hours: 3873.2
review: ,     "",  "" " " :D.         (      :D),  "gg wp ez",           30  :).  5-        ""  ,       55   (,  ,    ,  [0 11 11]). ...     ,   .   ,  Dota -    , , ,      ...  ...
game-hours: 440.6
review: COOL GAME
game-hours: 102.7
review: It's a wonderful game and one of the best examples of how to do free-to-play, BUT be aware that the community isn't kind with new players, which is a shame and I hope Valve will not only continue to punish bad behavior, but also incentivize good behavior -- commendations are not enough.
game-hours: 2864.2
review: One of the biggest and bestest game in the current time! So fun and complex that no matter how much you play you will never get tired of it! This is a milestone in moba genre! #LegendaryGame
game-hours: 1146.1
review: i like this
game-hours: 1395.6
review: This game made me understand why Communism didn't work. Because if it worked, the Russians wouldn't have DoTA.
game-hours: 2209.0
review: best game ever!
game-hours: 2800.1
review: i love this game!!
game-hours: 424.6
review: Qwertyuiop... :)
game-hours: 1299.9
review: I liked the part where I was playing an ASS
game-hours: 1399.2
review: General Run-Down on Dota 2 Before Anyone Starts Real Player-Interactive MATCHES: (PLEASE READ MY FULL REVIEW FOR A BETTER UNDERSTANDING) -GRAB SOME FRIENDS AND PREPARE FOR POTENTIAL LIFE THREATENING SPONTANEOUS MOOD CHANGES- and preferabley make a 5 person group, learn the game as a group. You will have fun, guaranteed for 30min-60min. It all depends on the intriguing mysteries of the MATCH. -THE BEST WAY TO LEARN- is by knowing the different ROLES of the game, there are only a handful that you need to know to start effectivley and if you wish to watch youtube videos on the roles, I am going to list the roles and what they are right here: -Carry - Hero that can become very powerful through amassed gold earnings spent on buying items and gaining experience. Carries are very item dependent which requires them to be supported by support heroes very early on. A Carry scales tremendously higher than other types the later the game drags on due to a majority of their abilities being weak in the beginning but becoming super effective as they get items and experience. This allows them to easily or competitively punish enemy heroes throughout the game. There are 2 types of Carries and these are their most effective time constraints to be ready to kick some  : Mid-game Carry (15min-30min) and Late-game Carry (30-40 min+). Late-game Carries scale higher than mid-game ones making them more powerful. -Support - A hero that is generally well rounded in sustainability, presence and survival at the start of the game due to his abilities. This kind of hero buys wards, couriers, healing salves, mana potions, dust of appearance and much more important items with their gold. These purchased items are normally saved in the support's stash in case a Carry is in need of the purchased item. This helps the team's Carry or Carries to be relieved of that obligation so the Carry can focus on spending their gold towards becoming a more powerful hero as quickly as possible (this is crucial). A support will protect his carry at all costs using the supporting players best judgement. The carry is always more important than any other heroes. -Nuker - A hero that has 2 or more learned abilities that are naturally-powerful (normally magic based) very early on in the game through the leveling process. These abilities Nuker's have allow them to deliver a staggering amount of damage to an enemy hero or heroes more frequently and effectively than others. Nuker's are less item-dependent in this way, but they scale lower as the game drags on compared to carries. There are a few items a hero can purchase with their gold to lower the magical damage of these heroes. (Namely, my favorite, normally bought by a support, is a Pipe of Insight). A Nuker can act as a support in some games, it's entirely up to the player. -Semi-Support or Semi-carry - Both terms are the same and used intermittently. These heroes can be hybrids of all 3 combined rolls (Carry, Nuker, Support). People play this role effectively in some games. This is a completely experimental role with some foundation to fall back on through player experience and their knowledge of Dota 2. -THIS IS THE PROPER WAY TO GET FAMILIAR WITH THE GAME- play against Artificially Intelligent BOTS in MATCHES to grasp an understanding of multiple scenarios and different heroes potentials (there are over 100 heroes all free to choose from) before you detriment players like myself. AI BOT MATCHES come in all skill levels, from easy to completely unfair (unfair is really really really hard mode). Once you can put up a hell of a fight against unfair mode AI BOT MATCHES with different heroes you like and you can play all three roles effectively. You will then be ready to kick some  in real games against real players with your friends (or by yourself). If you do not prepare in this way, you are ruining other people's matches, as well as getting your  handed to you the whole time while becoming frustrated that you never listened to me. -CONS (They are in every game, no matter what, but this community has numerous different age groups so keep that in mind) -PEOPLE- will curse at you, talk down on you, and blame you for either your wrong doing or their own (I try constructive criticism, but the PLAYERS IN THE COMMUNITY DO NOT CARE TO BETTER THEMSELVES or they already see themselves as perfect players). There is an in-game mute option for voice and text chat!!! All of this comes with the territory. It is a toxic community, hence why I mentioned to either make some friends or start with real life ones. -MATCHMAKING IS BROKEN- what I mean by this is, players with 1000+ hours in Dota 2 are matched and teamed with players that have minimal hours in comparison which henders both veterans and noobs in skill advancement, as well  the thrill and fun of a competitive hearty and hard fought match. -DOTA 2- is now restricting certain in-game earned cosmetic items such as outfits, wards, mounts, etc....from being sold on the open market in Steam for Steam Credit (Money). This is a huge deal to me, and maybe others, because the open market is freedom, freedom to game and earn while having fun. -PRO'S -THIS GAME IS VERY REWARDING- Every game is different from start to end. The mystery of unknown outcomes and unknown hero combinations is very intriguing, it draws you in for more. You can spend 300+ hours in Dota 2 and will never come across every combination of heroes during that time, nor every different start to end matches. You will inevitabley start receiving cosmetic items at the end of matches where you only played against real players and not AI Bots. Those cosmetics can be anything for random heroes or other perks of the game, every item is completely random every time, some could be duplicates after several hours, but there are new ones quite frequently. I hope you enjoy this game. Take every thing I said and soak it in. Dota 2 will take you on a roller coaster journey and every thing in between. This includes but is not limited to: -throwing up a lot -cursing a lot -blowing up like a pressurized steam container....a lot -feeling so relieved you almost want to cry about how relieved you are.... "even the small victories, yes, the small ones" -and so, so, soooo much more. HAVE FUN
game-hours: 395.2
review: Suicidal, feeding goblins everywhere  Invisible midget goat kills everyone  Mad RNG god who favors an assassin  Suicidal flaming spear guy  Midget blue Mario god throwing lightning bolts everywhere  A growing rock that throws you onto cliffs  Crazy bear using fury swipes 24/7  CANCERLANCER  TRACKTRACKTRACKTRACKTRACKTRACKTRACKTRACKTRACKTRACK  Proffressional spell stealer 10/10 *Will be adding more*
game-hours: 0.2
review: cool
game-hours: 377.0
review: it is very good. nice game
game-hours: 1227.5
review: A really fun and complex game which allows for seamless transition between skill and strategy
game-hours: 812.4
review: good
game-hours: 1072.5
review: great
game-hours: 36.1
review: this game is utter shiet. i have a frend who plays this game and he is annoying. therefore through simple logic this game must be bad i would rate 4/20 cuz it honestly makes me feel like my  becomes prolapsed every time i play it
game-hours: 1209.2
review: I recommend this game to anyone who loves a game that you can play over and over and never get tired of it, very good game all around in my opinion.
game-hours: 96.4
review: gg chutiya team
game-hours: 497.9
review: yes
game-hours: 1287.9
review: i have no life after playing this cool game :p
game-hours: 132.0
review: Nice game
game-hours: 649.1
review: Surely Recommended game without a doubt :)
game-hours: 34.5
review: played 1 game can now speak russian
game-hours: 711.4
review: When I downloaded DOTA 2 about two months ago there were many games that I planned to play. Now there is only one. I still buy new games because of my inherent rampant consumerism but I instantly regret the purchases when a week later I realize I only have .1 hours logged. That is the power of DOTA.
game-hours: 462.8
review: Good Game
game-hours: 83.6
review: VERY NICE GAME
game-hours: 1738.7
review: The best
game-hours: 20.9
review: The most saddest game ever.
game-hours: 1091.9
review: Best ever 4 me...d2 is life
game-hours: 2514.9
review: gj
game-hours: 1142.4
review: Good game.
game-hours: 477.1
review: nice game all heroes are broken like any other mobas :)
game-hours: 670.1
review: can't you do anything to the ing updates that takes about a million years?  it
game-hours: 527.1
review: f
game-hours: 109.6
review: If you want a game to destroy your life. Get this game
game-hours: 590.9
review: i liked because it was always having fun to hero kill but dislikes the most of trash talkers.. :-) its just a game so keep calm always..:-D
game-hours: 894.5
review: GoodLuckHaveFun :D
game-hours: 573.6
review: Why my team is always .. how to say it ..... patetic? I just dont get it. Most of my games is the same replay, no courier, no wards, noobs picks and most important..... all noobs. And the other team, good picks, all good players, courier min 1, wards min 1, good soler, good ganks, good teamwork, good teamfights.... My team is always useless, why the hell is this happening? the ing 50% rate system?, this piece of  really exist? Why I need to play with the worst crap in dota2 vs pro players every single match?, this is too annoying. The game isn't funny at all, and I'm playing for fun ...... if the game isn't fun so, what is the goal of the game? Why I need to have 50% rate?, WHY I NEED TO PLAY WITH people who dont know how to play?? Dont say "you dont like to lose?", if I lose playing good, as a team with good players the game is FUN and is OK, but if I play with crap every ing game vs good players...... I dont see the point of this. The other team dont have noobs, or idiots like my team..... and most of them are playing together, so why I cant play with decent people against them? Some times I thinks is a ing curse on my account, every ing game the same  and the same thing..... noobs, no courier, all carrys, no wards, no ganks, no missing, 0 teamfights, 0 help ...... If I'm noob, I need to play with noobs vs noobs, if I'm a decent player I need to play with decent players vs decent players, if I'm good player I need to play with good players vs good players....... THIS IS THE BASIC RULE OF A COMPETITIVE GAME WITH PUBLIC MATCHMAKING, even LoL have a good matchmaking, not this crap created by Valve.
game-hours: 718.2
review: This game will ruin your life. Best game ever. 10/10
game-hours: 524.1
review: This is the best game i have ever played...
game-hours: 684.3
review: One of the best Moba games out there. Addictive and fun.. If you are looking for an online game that will give you a challange and keep you on the edge of your seat... Then look no further! Dota 2 is that game!
game-hours: 638.2
review: A game that you meet new friends , and meet some  malaysians , russians or anybody , this is better than Facebook , you can call it Dotabook
game-hours: 28.6
review: I Just tried this game. Love it!. Its my favorite MOBA game. I played League ofLegends before and now im tired of it. So if you want to try i recommend it for everyone. Give this game a 4.5/5 stars becouse i love the feeling and you never get tired it. Not really 5 stars because they should make better graphics.
game-hours: 1461.7
review: good game well played !!
game-hours: 1554.0
review: It's Help Develops Strategy And Statisics.
game-hours: 1945.1
review: GOOD GAME!
game-hours: 4698.2
review: Ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 219.0
review: This is just one of the best games ever on steam, I love the competitive 5v5 matches and the great strategy needed to master Dota 2.
game-hours: 82.5
review: the best MOBA in the world .
game-hours: 365.0
review: THIS GAME IS EPIC!!!!!
game-hours: 873.9
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 2302.6
review: Amazing game. Try it out! :D
game-hours: 887.1
review: In Soviet Russia, we gif mana. 10/10 Would hate russians/peruvians/any non-americans again.
game-hours: 811.2
review: Oh god, someone stop me. I cant stop.
game-hours: 1313.1
review: pls... fix server i lost my mmr because of server failure and when i try i can't reconnect
game-hours: 1050.8
review: I have been playing Heroes of Newerth for some time now and never really gave Dota2 a chance. But lately I started playing Dota2 more and more and now I enjoy it much more then HoN. I believe the competitive scene is better by far and the types of heroes in DOTA2 gives the gameplay much deepth. I recommend all MOBA players to play DOTA2.
game-hours: 368.9
review: ty GM
game-hours: 662.6
review: aaahh
game-hours: 516.3
review: Good Game WellPlayed
game-hours: 3087.4
review: Nice
game-hours: 791.5
review: better continue for playing
game-hours: 736.8
review: This is not a Game, this is a Tournament Sport. go in at your own risk, as this "Game" is quite unforgiving and should be played with a Full Team. Fun will be determined by how good you and your Team is... not by overall gameplay. Ignore the Veterans that try to pull you in, this "game" is NOT for Casuals... this is strictly a Professional Sport... if you want to have fun, go play something else.
game-hours: 803.3
review: Dota2 is fun^^
game-hours: 244.9
review: Best Game to UninstallKappa LoL>DotaPoo
game-hours: 4.0
review: Boring game
game-hours: 424.3
review: You can play a game, and get destoryed. But atleast you learn Russian! 10/10 it was medicore - IGN
game-hours: 3173.5
review: You are the worst steam ever, i have brake down, dota must restart and i am in middle game and i in recconect get update and must wait and must wait and wait and getting low that is so nice , ty steam and now i cant download update and i sure getting low
game-hours: 3381.6
review: Well, where do I start on this. A couple of months ago, I finally got my beta-key to this game, which my friend was all hyped about getting me to try it. I was skeptical at first, and it seemed quite hard to get a grasp on. I tried it with him, and eventually, I got hooked. Now, I have over 400 hours in this game, and it is still growing. I recommend this game to anybody who may read this. I give it a perfect 10/10.
game-hours: 1034.8
review: game is  8/10 would not recommend to my worst enemy shout-out to boppe, most likely the worst dota player in the entire world, and also to juel, probably the most annoying opponent ever, due to his tendency of playing techies. Valva... pelase fix ur game -.-
game-hours: 1942.0
review: GG WP
game-hours: 192.5
review: ....
game-hours: 1.7
review: Really dont like how the game is played
game-hours: 1934.3
review: njger
game-hours: 494.7
review: of course,
game-hours: 49.0
review: Dota 2 for Tactics Skill's, Style, and TeaMMate
game-hours: 3470.2
review: This is the best game... EVER
game-hours: 207.9
review: One of the best games i have played. Thank you Icefrog and Valve.
game-hours: 588.2
review: Free To Play
game-hours: 1707.2
review: sexy
game-hours: 1.7
review: Keep calm and learn russian
game-hours: 664.4
review: Gran juego de defensa de la torre, en el que combates en equipo (5vs5) similar al league of legends.
game-hours: 390.7
review: GGWP
game-hours: 3778.8
review: Yes and no.
game-hours: 1831.3
review: i love it
game-hours: 27.4
review: this is the famous game ever
game-hours: 1266.9
review: Playing it with your best friends... priceless !!
game-hours: 1078.8
review: I am done with Dota 2 after 1000+ hours. Sold all my 200 euros worth items. Community to toxic... Game is great but the fact that is free makes it so... BAD When I started they cursed me every game for being noob, later reported me for good games. So many friends of mine tried to scamm me, so little honest and nice people. I will miss them. I am 27 yrs old playing games since i was 12. Never seen so unfriendly community, so much rage, so much toxic  in my life. Saying this after 1000+ hours and a lot money invested in a free game means something.
game-hours: 1348.8
review: i love this game! :)
game-hours: 590.8
review: :)
game-hours: 726.6
review: "It's okay" 11/10 - IGN
game-hours: 1096.2
review: Too many peruvians and dont know what server their supposed to play on
game-hours: 1613.2
review: The game is a ARTS (Action Real Time Strategy) and the game is free of charge considering that it costed alot to make, the DLC isn't overpowered as it is only to customize character design. Once you get the basic fundamentals of the game down, it's up to practice to decide how good you are, but in all cases it's definately a fun game which should cost you about 20 dollars but is free of charge, another great game by valve. 8.5/10
game-hours: 1790.4
review: Enemy Pudge Misses a Hook> Mwuahaha, ez mid, ez lyfe Enemy Pudge Lands a Hook> Where THE FU-- DID U COME FROM? I Miss a Hook as Pudge> git gud scrub, uninstall, kill your mother,  your dog, , ,  I Get a Hook as Rubick> GG COMMEND RUBICK, BEST RUBICK 2015 Enemy Team Gets First Blood> GG. Report NP for not helping in lane. We Get First Blood> [Enemy]: GG report mid. No one Buys Courier> GG we ing loose, no support. Enemy Sniper Fights over Mid with a Shadow Fiend> GG wp When a Riki Ganks> WHERE THE FUUUU *throws keyboard* When a Sniper Dies Early Game> thanks for the missing call es. (I'm sitting there thinking Lina was in your lane..) When The Enemy is Winning a Base Race> Where the  is your tp scrolls!? ing noobs!? Get Put into a Game With Just Russians> Get Reported and caleld a . Someone is playing YOLO-Breaker> Goes 2/13/3 by the end of the game. Kunkka wants wards> Get pissed because Rubick doesnt have the money for them. Team Figth Goes Down and We Loose> Our Lycan is Jungling.. Ursa Gets Blink Dagger> *turns off computer and reads a ing book*
game-hours: 970.7
review: Amazing. 10/10 There's a DOTA 2 tutorial aptly named LoL if you did not know. Tactical gameplay, great market for traders. Really have to pray you get good teammates if you're solo queue-ing (aka finding matches by yourself) Compared to DotA 1 on the Warcraft 3 platform, this game is amazing in terms of detail, smoothness and quality of control.
game-hours: 693.1
review: ali demaarep
game-hours: 11.1
review: A game full of butthurt raging teens. Fairly well gameplay. You occasionally come across some "jajaja" spamming Mexicans. The game is good... if you turn your volume off or break your speakers into 34434343423515123561346582369082346 pieces. Still fun 7/10 would um... push annoying teens off of cliffs.
game-hours: 2641.0
review: love this game!
game-hours: 283.3
review: BEST GAME EVER! BUT MATCHMAKING SUCKs >.<
game-hours: 43.7
review: A fine moba with absolutely gorgeous art style. Not as aproachable as League, but equally as good- depending on your tastes.
game-hours: 8.7
review: Best moba community ever
game-hours: 2944.2
review: ,    . .
game-hours: 1502.0
review: :)
game-hours: 719.0
review: Best game ever, 10 out of 10 !
game-hours: 220.8
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 366.4
review: Say goodbye to your life.
game-hours: 479.0
review: this game is awesome :D
game-hours: 40.1
review: this game
game-hours: 863.3
review: Mean Game :)
game-hours: 552.8
review: Great game at first,but since a certain update about 3 months ago, game is lagging like crazy, got 600 ping and the fps meter shows 30 but it feels like 5,also every actions have a 5 second delay for some reason.Higly recommand to wait until this gets fixed before playing.As for me i'm never playing this game again.
game-hours: 396.3
review: great gameplay
game-hours: 399.9
review: Best langugage learning software since rossetta stone! 11/10 got me laid.
game-hours: 476.7
review: Perfect Game
game-hours: 572.1
review: GREAT GAME
game-hours: 1964.2
review: It's bettur than LerL
game-hours: 1052.5
review: They say, before concluding with, You suck. They're not wrong: for the first dozen hours or so, you'll be bombarded with too much information and an often unforgiving community of extremely competitive players. But if you persevere, Dota 2 becomes one of the most rewarding and tense team-based multiplayer experiences anywhere in gaming. A fantastic free-to-play model. Dota 2 has become notorious even among its MOBA peers for its difficulty  and thats totally justified. Its a double-edged sword that leads to both a terrifying introduction and a world-class game at the highest levels. You should not expect to have fun your first day playing... or even your first week, maybe months. Dota 2 is a deeply layered construct of systems, and to survive you need to understand every single one and how they interact with one another. Everything from learning to work as a member of a coordinated team to the counter-intuitive practice of killing your own AI units to deny the enemy experience points and gold theyd get from doing it themselves, and understanding the effects of hundreds of abilities like Bloodseekers Rupture (which deals huge damage with every step you take) is a big barrier to entry. Even figuring out which of the 108 heroes fits you best is a time-consuming challenge. Your learning has just begun when you've settled on what roles, heroes, and builds suit you best  you also have to adapt based on what other players choose. If the other team plays a Riki, you need to compensate with an emphasis on detection. Go up against Bloodseeker and his hideously powerful Rupture will force you to carry around a Town Portal Scroll to get home. Shop System: Only cosmetic enhancements, almost all of which are created by the community. Tournament goodies (such as tickets for viewing live events) are for sale. Theres not a single paid on the in-game balance, and thats great! In short words: Dota 2 pits two teams of five players against each other. mix of strategy and RPG, skill management and tactical gameplay. 108 heroes, each with their own style and combat abilities. most heroes have 4 skills that can be increased in power by levelling up by killing enemys. there are over 120 items to choose from within each game, each with their own ways to power up your stats and active abilities. creeps that charge down the game's three lanes, and the player controlled heroes on the opposite team. Theres a huge time investment before you can enjoy a game. it creates a playing field where skill and teamplay is top priority.Overall, Dota 2 is a pretty hard game which is hard to enjoy. So I'm giving it a whopping 9 / 10
game-hours: 181.0
review: Life=doto
game-hours: 1900.6
review: Destroys your life :(
game-hours: 46.2
review: Really loving this game, It's similar to League but at the same time it's completely different, I am liking it more and more as it seems like a upgrade coming from League. - Although it's hard to learn it is a great game once you get down the basics.
game-hours: 71.5
review: Horrible game, first one to actually level up usually wins. Prepare to play with tons of sweaters.
game-hours: 258.1
review: this game is so awsome to me because i feel happy when i play this game?3
game-hours: 346.1
review: The people in this game taught me many things, I will share some of them with you. 1. You should hate Russians. 2. You are terrible at this game. 3. Dota 2 > LoL 4. Dota 2 > Social Life 10/10 would stay in basement for entire life again
game-hours: 211.0
review: you bryce.
game-hours: 547.7
review: Good Game!
game-hours: 186.8
review: a
game-hours: 884.1
review: Dota 2 is a very strategic MOBA game. This game requires skill. U need to have quick fingers and fast rection to excel in this game. Honestly one of the best games I've played. You will naturally get better at Dota. You don't have to try this game, but if you do want to try this game, well i'll see u in game!!! :)
game-hours: 29.6
review: Awesome Game
game-hours: 485.0
review: the best
game-hours: 955.1
review: ing stupid peenoise ./. dumbshit
game-hours: 2724.3
review: The absolute pinnacle of multiplayer gaming. The uncomparable king of the genre, with astronomical complexity and a merciless skill ceiling. The fun is behind an iron vault, but once breached, its mountains of fun will be yours to claim.
game-hours: 1184.9
review: blok all sceamer plis
game-hours: 215.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 82.5
review: good game of the year 1000/1000
game-hours: 197.0
review: no wards
game-hours: 1570.1
review: dudududu
game-hours: 221.7
review: Good Game
game-hours: 583.1
review: I dont know why there are ing noob's
game-hours: 44.7
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 1053.4
review: "If only someone bought a wards i would rate this game 10/10" 11/10
game-hours: 1589.4
review: This game is so amazing. You get to know new friends who call your mom a . Please do play this game! DOTA 2
game-hours: 3709.4
review: Great foreign language learning tool
game-hours: 153.3
review: Nice
game-hours: 3496.1
review: Nothing to say, just the best RPG game ever made.
game-hours: 1268.2
review: One of the BEST games ive ever played!!
game-hours: 668.1
review: very nice game!!!
game-hours: 709.1
review: most PLAYED ever
game-hours: 32.0
review: I never play this, but I'd reccomend it anyway. Because you know, Valve.
game-hours: 72.5
review: Dota 2 - is a multiplayer game in the genre of real-time strategy with RPG elements. Is an extension of the world-famous fashion DotA (Defense of the Ancients - Defense of the Ancients) to the game Warcraft III. Maud on so much popular that the game industry has a new genre - Action-RTS, with lots of "clones", both successful and not. Gameplay is a competition between the two teams, consisting of three or five persons. One team is the bright side, the second - the Dark. Each side, a different set of characters. Each player can only control one business unit or, in other words, his hero. In the course of the passing game hero gains experience, thereby increasing their level. He can also earn gold. In addition, he regularly receives small amounts from its base, it can mine gold by killing enemies. Murder heroes brings significantly more gold than the destruction of enemy creeps. In addition, the hero can collect and buy a variety of items that affect its strength and development, as well as provide additional benefits. In the course of the game have to fight not only with the opposing party, but also beat the regular attack creeps, computer controlled. The main task - keeping the defense of its own base, destroy the enemy's main building base side. In addition, the characters can be dispersed throughout the territory and fight with neutral monsters.
game-hours: 518.4
review: All gamers probably already know what Dota 2 but I going to give my ups & downs anyway + I really like the graphic, it's sort of cartoonish which gives a more casual feeling. + Free 2 Play (not Pay 2 Play) Guaranteed + Valve update the game a lot (hopefully to the better) - Extremely long learning curve for beginners. - Extremely toxic community. This is probably the biggest downside, It doesn't matter what you do, place a ward at a bad pos, miss a spell, don't join your allies quick enough in battle, don't call an enemy. People will get furios on you. - MMR (matchmaking rank) queue is broken. English only queue doesn't have any affect, same with the regions.. Pick english only and EU West and you will 8/10 times end up against or with Russian players. No offense to any Russian but there is a huge communication problem when people can't talk the same language. Some kind of google translate in-game could solve this problem, or help at least. In the long term, this game and its lack of a toxic community, language issues I can only recommend this game to beginners who have friends to play with. Play this on your own and you might experience a very tragic gameplay. The game itself is however a 9/10
game-hours: 1718.7
review: makes you doubt humanity for a second. 10/10 cult classic.
game-hours: 3972.5
review: BORN TO BE A GOD
game-hours: 1326.8
review: Great game and has helped me make a lot of friends on steam!
game-hours: 1588.7
review: 8/8 r8ing m8
game-hours: 1139.1
review: love this game since dota 1..
game-hours: 249.1
review: asasas
game-hours: 2476.2
review: positives - Unseeable skillcap, well balanced and more diverse compared to the rest of the genre negatives - incites racial tension, promotes obscene language, teammates carry a contagious form of autism that is actually transferrable bottom line - dank/10
game-hours: 1904.2
review: Reviewing for badge
game-hours: 39.5
review: :)
game-hours: 108.3
review: doto doto let's play doto
game-hours: 1174.7
review: Great game, very competitive, get ready to be AMUSED!
game-hours: 278.1
review: ^_^ awesome
game-hours: 1743.8
review: - Got drunk. - Was in a solo fight against 5. - Panicked and hit every button on my keyboard. - Got a rampage. - Learnt how to curse in 3 languages. - reported team mate for crying. 10/10 would panic again
game-hours: 1134.9
review: NC Games
game-hours: 81.7
review: I love this game very much I hope it's free and always be :D
game-hours: 2500.4
review: awesome
game-hours: 865.7
review: I like it except for the community
game-hours: 16.3
review: I LIKE THIS GAME
game-hours: 2263.7
review: gg wp!     ! !!!11!!1!
game-hours: 876.2
review: I play HoN before. After that my friends recommend me play DOTA 2. Now i quit HoN and playing DOTA 2 all the time. For me,DOTA 2 is the best MOBA game i have played ^_^
game-hours: 1108.6
review: goodjob
game-hours: 1273.3
review: Dota is love. Dota is life
game-hours: 554.9
review: Nice game
game-hours: 1336.1
review: I only stopped playing because I wanted my life back.
game-hours: 2616.7
review: I preemptively report everyone I run into on the off chance that they're bad.
game-hours: 1163.3
review: TEN OUT OF TEN MY  BLED DUE TO RUSSIAN MANY ANNOYING
game-hours: 2484.3
review: ggwp
game-hours: 1559.0
review: Fastest way to learn so many languages...Tangina BOBO
game-hours: 0.4
review: Its made by valve
game-hours: 1398.0
review: 8/8 m8
game-hours: 810.3
review: Vladimir Putins way to conquer the whole world
game-hours: 326.6
review: This is nice Tactic game :)
game-hours: 4255.8
review: cool
game-hours: 380.5
review: Dota 2 = Chess between professionals LoL = Checkers between kids Nothing more needs to be said.
game-hours: 289.5
review: Good job valve !
game-hours: 3126.4
review: no need talk too much about this game, absolutely addicting game ever!
game-hours: 2235.9
review: One of my Fav Games.
game-hours: 2845.0
review: 'Coz I am Ironman
game-hours: 1013.6
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 516.4
review: it is the best game ever and its fun
game-hours: 5.5
review: I look to this game and I think: how a game with only one map and one scenario can be s complex? Only Dota can do this for you. I will be an eternal noob on this, and that's why I recommend this game.
game-hours: 2326.2
review: dont slow hand !
game-hours: 779.2
review: its fun its fair
game-hours: 3.4
review: Good for time wasting.
game-hours: 1539.1
review: Want to play a nice, simple game? One with a friendly community? Maybe some balance? Well, too bad, because this is DotA.
game-hours: 187.6
review: If you want to learn Russian the quick and easy way. This is the dictionary for you!
game-hours: 1518.7
review: Great game and amazing to play with friends.
game-hours: 1.4
review: EZ RARE
game-hours: 1132.4
review: This game is for everyone.. just don't be a burden to your team xD EDIT* Ruined my Life, Learned Russian, And Reported Feeder's that say Mid or Feed 10/10 would go AFK again 10/10 would blame russians 10/10 would plant wards on base
game-hours: 657.8
review: Pro Me And Good trade
game-hours: 2232.7
review: addicted
game-hours: 1544.9
review: brainstorming strategy game, the best i have ever played
game-hours: 308.1
review: I actually paid 28 euros for this game -Said no gamer ever.
game-hours: 1812.3
review: best game ever!
game-hours: 1051.2
review: keep farming
game-hours: 1066.2
review: yes very good game well played!
game-hours: 949.5
review: This game improved so much since it was released on the beta. There are over 90 heroes to choose from currently and the gamplay is as intence and as rewarding as DOTA 1. I know alot of people will be hesitant to try it at first but there has been a new tutorial system implemented in DOTA 2 and I think it will help new comers. I know some people who play LOL might bash in this game, but both games are compleatly different. Its like comparing COD and Battlefield, they are so different that connot be compared. (no preference on either game, I think bot of them are good) Give this game a try, the learning curve is very steep but it is rewarding when you learn. I think this is the best gave valve has ever developed and has been the most played game on steam ever since the second year of beta development. Try it out, its free and badass!
game-hours: 1750.3
review: Yes
game-hours: 3464.5
review: this game very make me heppy
game-hours: 1407.2
review: A friend of mine asked me how i would recommend Dota 2, to someone i hate, and someone I lIKE To Whome I like: - For the First couple dozen games play with a 5 stack -Supports are hust as important as carries -Easy starting heros (Viper, Juggernaught, vengeful Spirit, Faceless Void) To Whome I hate: -Dota 2 is more of a solo game, so don't start off in a party it'll give you the wrong view of the game -Russian and South American Servers have the best Ping (Least amount of Lag) -Suggested starting hero's (Meepo, Invoker (both Mid)) - and Blyat are complimants and just say them whenever -And your lucky to have Russians and Peruvians on your team as they are generally the best at this game
game-hours: 797.9
review: Lots of cute girls. We got Luna, Lina, Crystal Maiden, Drow Ranger, Wind Runner, Naga Siren, Queen of Pain. Dude theres like way too many to list. 10/10 would give each of them a kiss on the cheek
game-hours: 3328.6
review: a mind piercing game
game-hours: 8.3
review: I love this game.
game-hours: 84.2
review: 10/10
game-hours: 46.8
review: good game learning curve isnt hard either only thing is the teams you get sometimes are awful but thats your typical mmo
game-hours: 801.3
review: Can't say much other than: Best. Game. Ever. I've logged more hours on Dota 2 than all of the other games in my library and I have no regrets.
game-hours: 622.8
review: <3
game-hours: 1768.6
review: ++recommended. even more fun to play with friends
game-hours: 251.9
review: really good
game-hours: 597.1
review: Very addictive game and I like it :D
game-hours: 795.5
review: Best Language Tutor Simulator EU
game-hours: 2116.4
review: gg well palida
game-hours: 3208.7
review: Played the game for thousands of hours, still can't speak Russian. Education system is to blame. 9/10 Ready would  blyat again.
game-hours: 2063.8
review: I only played a little. I guess it's ok.
game-hours: 333.2
review: Goooooood :)
game-hours: 1923.0
review: Dota 2 is a great game but those who are playing it for the 1st time..... WARNING : it requires time both to learn it and to play it. If you are too busy this game will probably be boring to you since it isnt a game that you can leave in between and complete the next day, it requires your whole attension for 1 hour almost to play one game . The game is much more fun to play with your friends (because you can scream at them for destroying a perfect game ,when you meet them again) because Dota is a team game .
game-hours: 162.0
review: Amazing game i have 500 hours of game time across all my accounts and i have no bad things to say about this game it is my most enjoyed and most played game by far!!
game-hours: 404.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 1238.8
review: nice
game-hours: 1026.7
review: Dis game is hard to learn, but its fun once you learn how to play, even if your bad at it.
game-hours: 824.4
review: sex123
game-hours: 853.4
review: Dota 2 is a very competetive game in the MOBA genre as it is my 2nd Moba i have played, i have truly enjoyed all these hours on here defending ancients and trying to raise my mmr... overall i'd suggest everyone to try it!!!
game-hours: 1269.9
review: So much scammers but when the game itself is talked about.. the game is fantastic..
game-hours: 939.0
review: Very good and Addicting Game!
game-hours: 5.1
review: a
game-hours: 289.1
review: interesting fun and very convennient
game-hours: 3291.9
review: Dota 2 is a game and you will experience what you didn't experience in the other games.
game-hours: 760.6
review: ruins your mood and increases your blood pressure 10/10
game-hours: 325.3
review: awesome game........dota is life <3
game-hours: 2308.5
review: Do not even try to play this . Well, if you're playing - finish. Ruined my life.
game-hours: 509.3
review: SO COOL
game-hours: 386.7
review: i like this game
game-hours: 669.6
review: Best Game ever
game-hours: 1975.5
review: Yeah at first it was fun.. then it got a bit boring.. then it got kind of frustrating.. then it got just plain annoying.. then it got to the point it had nothing to do with fun anymore and the community has got so cancerious it is my time to leave this  behind. thank you and  you.
game-hours: 771.1
review: Iplayed HoN and LoL and Hostorm and Strife all this But dota 2 is alive
game-hours: 3675.3
review: Broke Up With your Girlfriend ? -This is The Best Medicine Ever, No Regrets. Wanna Be A Racist ? -This Is The Best Experience. Interested In Learning New Languages FOR FREE ? (Pinoy and Russian Included) -Theres No Other Place To Learn Than This.  BoBo blyad. Tangina Ka ? Anjing BoBo. [ I Dont Know What The  I Typed, But Yea.. Wink Wink ;) ] Thats All. Remember, Once You Get Into This Theres No Return. Gabe Holds You ForEver. This Is A ing BlackHole. #BioSide
game-hours: 326.8
review: This Game is Totally Awesome, I'd Love to Play This Game
game-hours: 264.6
review: yes
game-hours: 1779.4
review: This game is awesome!!!
game-hours: 1129.1
review: EU sever be like 1.Find match 2.Pick hero 3.Have a nice match mean while in SEA sever 1.Find match 2.Lose match 3.Blame time!
game-hours: 37.8
review: Good game for people who are strategic
game-hours: 155.4
review: Best way of meeting russians online, runs fine if your computer is a potato, has impeccable ladder system that will make you cry, overall awesome experience!
game-hours: 398.9
review: NiCE
game-hours: 2722.2
review: ~
game-hours: 1092.8
review: 1k hours in and still im learning, A game where skill and teamwork decides all.
game-hours: 110.6
review: BASIC!
game-hours: 1885.2
review: GG Valve
game-hours: 3029.6
review: i think this game so sexy, i forget all my time with this game :)
game-hours: 1799.6
review: i Like and playing this game !
game-hours: 641.8
review: NICE Good GAME.. .
game-hours: 114.4
review: It is very fun, but demands that you dedicate yourself to learning it, otherwise it's easy to give up on it and quit. I find a lot of the characters fun and unique but I dislike the fact that some people expect you to be perfect at the game. Aside from encountering a less than nice person every now and then when your in game, I would totally recommend this game to others.
game-hours: 1312.8
review: love it
game-hours: 634.1
review: na pary denkov
game-hours: 194.9
review: Swag
game-hours: 30.4
review: This game is fun ; if you like strategy games I recomend this game more than other games like this; Mobas
game-hours: 1369.1
review: Very nice MOBA game which is more people willing to play at any age playing and using there mind in mathematically and ancient histories
game-hours: 2362.8
review: best game on steam!!!!! LOVE IT
game-hours: 8.3
review: gg
game-hours: 571.0
review: Nice game guys
game-hours: 522.1
review: Nice .. best strategy game
game-hours: 244.0
review: Great game but don't play if you can't tolerate being called a noob/scrub. 8.5/10 needs better community; idea for new update: possibly add more maps for different style of gameplay.
game-hours: 419.7
review: Never has a game made me feel like im a massive noob yet makes me keep coming back for more due to its depth :D
game-hours: 343.3
review: WELL PLAYED!
game-hours: 782.3
review: dota 2 is one of cool thing to play in gaming history... For me dota is boredome killer and if you have a passion on it, it will be your profession as a gamers! Just dont forget to play moderately and be good to other players!
game-hours: 2244.3
review: Love This game :3
game-hours: 471.6
review: THE BEST!~
game-hours: 1165.1
review: favorite game of all time
game-hours: 950.2
review: The game is really good and fun yet there are alot of trashtalkers in the game and i hate it :l
game-hours: 4683.7
review: BEST GAME IN THE WORLD VERY BALANCED, EVEN I GOT QUOTE FOR THIS GAME "IF YOU GOOD AT DOTA YOU PROBABLY CAN BE GOOD IN ANY GAME IN THIS WORLD"
game-hours: 1037.5
review: NIce game :D
game-hours: 67.8
review: this game is very fun and i realy sinced in to it, i recomend this game for all MMORPG lovers
game-hours: 3.8
review: When it comes to learning a new language, it beats the Rosetta Stone!
game-hours: 752.8
review: Yes, This was game so cool game and you learn lot of things aside from strategy game!
game-hours: 2142.7
review: damn nice, game ever
game-hours: 117.8
review: just for fun
game-hours: 596.3
review: lol
game-hours: 1.6
review: is awesome this game if you know how to play it:D if you want enter this you will not regret:D
game-hours: 2151.3
review: ggwp
game-hours: 2559.2
review: I have never played a game that made me as happy and angry as this 1! simple to play, impossible to master, and your screwed if you have all russian teammates! xD
game-hours: 489.0
review: One of the best games I've played! Brilliantly balanced and fun to play. Very addictive.
game-hours: 1591.4
review: it's awesome.. perfect game
game-hours: 1385.1
review: it's more than a simple game
game-hours: 224.0
review: I LIKE THIS GAME LAMBERT
game-hours: 442.7
review: 2
game-hours: 856.3
review: Great Game
game-hours: 1216.9
review: 100% Lifesteal
game-hours: 37.6
review: So far I have put in over 20 hours with Dota2 and the first few were frustrating trying to figure out what to build how to play against other heroes etc. As a long term LoL player I wanted a new challenge and I have got it in Dota2. Its a challenge and its going to take a long time to learn how to play and play against the pool of heroes but I feel so far this is worth it. There are a lot of differences from what im used to and I feel like a noob to the genre again. The only thing I dont like so far is I appear to see a lot of AFK's and lots of 4v5 either for my team or the other team.
game-hours: 2900.2
review: A great PvP game that offers some of the most intriguing and nuanced team combat around It's not just a slug-fest or shooting match: it's more subtle, strategic and measured
game-hours: 2408.8
review: I've played Dota 2 for 8 years. During that time, i also played several another MOBA games such as HON and LOL. The best things i've stayed with Dota 2 that is its logical. And what i disliked Dota 2 that is its hardware requirement. Its quite high for a online game although Dota brings us a beautiful preformance when max setting.
game-hours: 508.8
review: Cool game
game-hours: 834.9
review: AWESOME!!!
game-hours: 165.6
review: Great moba where you can dress up your heroes like barbies, the only reason to play matches is to get more dresses for your heroes. 10/10 would dress up barbies.
game-hours: 613.0
review: the game is amazing but hard bots dont use their intial powers in end game especially vengeful spirit
game-hours: 5714.8
review: my  can only get so erect while playing this game.
game-hours: 3058.1
review: !!!!!!!!!!11  - !!!!!  !!!!!!!!!1    !!!!!!    !!!!!!1   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ))0)        ?!!
game-hours: 674.1
review: Good Game
game-hours: 1341.2
review: WP
game-hours: 441.2
review: :)
game-hours: 81.5
review: Best game ever more enjoyable with friends
game-hours: 1088.2
review: ~~    2 ! ~~
game-hours: 123.3
review: i love this game
game-hours: 949.7
review: The best MOBA game.
game-hours: 1694.6
review: good game
game-hours: 1577.7
review: Because of this game, I hate russians more than anything 10/10
game-hours: 130.9
review: Dota 2 is a great game to play but if Vave fix the bugs,crashes and error it might be the best game that i have played.
game-hours: 1270.5
review: addictive
game-hours: 261.3
review: i dont like quiters and noobs
game-hours: 1288.8
review: nice game...but please make new server for pinoy..really annoying btw
game-hours: 1285.6
review: You will only hate yourself for the first 1000 hours or so..... then you move on to flaming everyone for the next 100 and final you realize that in the end (almost) everyone sucks :D ......even you...... :(
game-hours: 1655.7
review: asd
game-hours: 636.6
review: Good game, well played
game-hours: 2871.2
review: Best game ever...:D
game-hours: 220.2
review: THE BEST GAME !
game-hours: 1007.8
review: godd game
game-hours: 718.2
review: nice
game-hours: 0.6
review: It is ing boring. Slow gameplay which I was tired of after 2hrs of tutorials, a stupid Inventory system, microtransactions are always rubbed in your face and, at least in tutorials storylines I could have written in the 2nd grade. And then the 'artstyle'! Stolen from... wait, oh right! Every second game on the market. Added to that is the permanent download, as the game just keeps getiing bigger and bigger and more overfilled with  you have to pay for. It is boring and just a cash grab. Go play something else, there are good 'f2p' games out there. It took a lot of my time to download and is wasting 10GB of hard drive space.
game-hours: 779.9
review: Defense Of The Ancients, or DOTA for short is an MMO RTS RPG game with about 100+ characters to choose from i n each match, which average out to be 30 - 45 minutes each. This is not your average FPS, Racing, or Open World game that takes about an hour to get into. Alot of time and concentration must be invested into this vast experience that can define the lives of many individuals. The training system in this game or tutorial if u must only teaches the absolute basics: such as how to move around or how to attack and use your various abilities. This proves only to be the tip of the iceberg as alot more depth and detail is in store for a new playeror a "scrub/newb" (as many DOTA community players would call them) Anyways this wasnt much of a review as it was a warning. Dont get into this game and go play online if u havent the faintest idea of how the game is played. Please consult many reviews and play practice matches with AI before going into an actual game with other players, becoz DOTA is a team game, and if one link of the chain falls loose, the whole thing collapses into ruin, not to mention that you'll also  the hell out of alot of people by doing this XD.
game-hours: 164.3
review: SOUL DEVOURER
game-hours: 2445.2
review: I approve this game
game-hours: 2864.3
review: Dota 2 is the game where the idiots are teaching you how to play even if you are above 4k MMR
game-hours: 1836.5
review: Don't even try... believe me, don't!
game-hours: 1437.1
review: Wanna play the game? Nope, servers are down 10/10
game-hours: 127.2
review: GODLIKE
game-hours: 385.6
review: Dota 2 is a truly outstanding game. In fact, it's so good, as well as having fun, yo can learn fluent russian AND hate humans at the same time! How wicked is that!
game-hours: 255.7
review: GG
game-hours: 2071.9
review: SING RULES
game-hours: 3.7
review: NOT BAD
game-hours: 1630.2
review: Good Game
game-hours: 4195.0
review: :)
game-hours: 387.8
review: very well descent game
game-hours: 588.9
review: If you want to learn the Russian language, this is the game for you!
game-hours: 16.4
review: Im still trying to learn this game, but the learning curve is nuts... This is what Ive found so far though: The community is NOT good, I said my first game was my first game in the chat, my entire team abandoned... No matter how good you think you are, there will be some sniper/spell/sword/anything that will lay a axe in your reputation. Looks like itd be AWESOME with friends though. But all my friends play League which doesnt run properly on my laptop... Will update once I can actually learn the game!
game-hours: 789.1
review: NC game
game-hours: 223.2
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 2348.5
review: good game
game-hours: 1261.9
review: THIS GAME IS AN AMAZING ALTERNATIVE TO ROSETTA STONE AND LEAGUE OF LEGENDS. its as simple as 1,2,3. Pick a region and BAM you instantly get cursed at in a different language!!!!
game-hours: 14.1
review: no one on it speks english its all bongo bogo languges
game-hours: 121.6
review: I used to play League of Legends, tried Dota 2 and I quit playing LoL
game-hours: 178.0
review: mid or feed
game-hours: 2186.1
review: The Best Game in THE WORLD ! But sometimes server suck :D
game-hours: 130.1
review: Good, i love this game
game-hours: 1427.4
review: i'd rather play legend league it has all my fave champs
game-hours: 348.1
review: this game is sick nasty bruh.
game-hours: 1240.8
review: Home of the Techies, Russians, and all the kinky artwork you could ever need.
game-hours: 5161.3
review: send help please
game-hours: 1307.6
review: must play...requires you to be smart..... perfects ur hand-eye coordination.... and emphasizes in fast reflexes
game-hours: 1250.9
review: Dota is life, nothing more need to be said.
game-hours: 185.9
review: addictive game
game-hours: 1399.3
review: I like
game-hours: 1671.1
review: great game involves international banter with russians! But as the servers have improved Volvo has been kind enough to remove the commies and grant us the glorified Pinoys so i am now currently studying pinoy so i can one day travel to pinoy land and become a famous dota player ( #goals , #standards # Hitler is jesus , allah is god and i am their desciples
game-hours: 38.7
review: its ok
game-hours: 938.7
review: best game ever played.
game-hours: 1778.5
review: this game is so awswome. May it give u fun when u have none, may it inspire u when u most need it and remember take things slightly, never be so serious that u forget to laugh :D HAVE FUN!!!
game-hours: 670.7
review: God like
game-hours: 2693.7
review: asd
game-hours: 2407.1
review: terbaik
game-hours: 379.9
review: Very innovative game :)
game-hours: 2445.9
review: Best game 10/10 Kappa
game-hours: 1015.4
review: .
game-hours: 769.4
review: Yeah imba ^_^
game-hours: 173.0
review: The best game !!!
game-hours: 105.3
review: a nice game with good graphics... meets every expectation...
game-hours: 854.0
review: ruined my life. 11/10
game-hours: 391.5
review: WOHO
game-hours: 221.5
review: My Favorite Games, Recommended !
game-hours: 343.6
review: Bla bla bla
game-hours: 1213.0
review: lul
game-hours: 20.2
review: My mouse doesn't respond in time People are yelling So many trolls and afks No one understands the game Turrets shoot faster than eminem rapping someone called me a o 10/10 p.s. Taught me russian
game-hours: 564.5
review: nice game feature
game-hours: 194.0
review: Russian dictionary Russian simulator 10/10
game-hours: 233.2
review: Nice Game (y)
game-hours: 2442.0
review: Can't stop playing Dota 2 !!!! help!!!
game-hours: 1395.7
review: best game ever
game-hours: 385.8
review: i dont care what other people say, Dota 2 is a wonderful game. Sure you meet the common tryhard every now and then but the problem with the Russians isnt near as bad as people make it out to be. I've only played with Russians maybe twice out of my 400 hours (estimate) of playing. I love the community and best of all, ITS FREE. So go try it, you'll love it I swear.
game-hours: 574.4
review: i like this so much
game-hours: 2375.5
review: team up with pinoy and your game is done 10/10
game-hours: 755.2
review: I think this is the best strategy game ever. You can see it from all aspects
game-hours: 189.6
review: dota 2 best game ever
game-hours: 90.3
review: aaa
game-hours: 282.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 67.5
review: UUD = ujung ujungnya dota.
game-hours: 489.3
review: ilove dota 2
game-hours: 551.6
review: After playing this game for 100 hours I can now speak fluent Russian. 10/10
game-hours: 903.6
review: the best game ever...
game-hours: 7137.0
review: im 5k solo let me mid
game-hours: 3103.9
review: ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 1933.5
review: This is the best game i ever play, i really like this game so much
game-hours: 65.7
review: This game offers hours of fun! Teamwork, tons of characters, and a learning curve that makes the game easy to get into and hard to put down.
game-hours: 449.1
review: I dislike the players w/ a harmful tongue. but I like the game itself
game-hours: 2356.3
review: I LIKE THIS GAME VERY MUCH
game-hours: 1499.6
review: It took me about a year to know that i just lost 1 year of my life for this game, it is full of people unable to communicate and game ruiners, worst community ive ever saw in a moba, try Heroes of the storm, and dont even waste a single dollar for skins here, doesnt worth. Have Fun
game-hours: 447.0
review: A very enjoyable game. However. The community itself is borderline tolerable at their best. They are mostly a bunch of angry and impatient teens that think their good. I've been doing my placement matches lately and for the first time I had to mute my whole team because I accidentally stole a kill (whilst I was the only one who died less than 4 times) and they wouldn't stop claiming I was trying to throw the game. I have no idea what I'm doing and the standard these people are way too high especially since they normally cant do it themselves. Also I play support so naturally I'm the only one. If you want to play, play with at least 1 friend, it will help if you can tolerate at least 1 person in your game TL:DR: DotA is fun but full of s. bring a friend
game-hours: 84.2
review: Great game.
game-hours: 2226.1
review: asdasdffgdfasdfas
game-hours: 3150.9
review: aaaaaa
game-hours: 4.2
review: pretty much boring to me
game-hours: 859.3
review: Dota 2 Might seem complicatied at first but after playing a few game its really seemed easy. I Highly suggest you get this game. You will never regret it!
game-hours: 267.5
review: 1 of the best MOBA games ever created////
game-hours: 1132.1
review: This Game is good but too many trash talker.................if they trash talk they are a ing  always remember that
game-hours: 30.4
review: Mantab
game-hours: 785.4
review: Pudge Wars?
game-hours: 432.6
review: THAT GG GAME
game-hours: 162.0
review: Very Awesome game
game-hours: 1912.3
review: BEST GAME EVER !
game-hours: 714.5
review: this game is awesome..
game-hours: 2.7
review: dobad 2
game-hours: 500.3
review: many people argue about wether dota 2 is better or league of legends. i play both (Dota more) and i wouldnt say dota is better. there are many differences between the games and the main one is strategy. in league of legends vision is required and map awareness is essential however in dota, position matters a lot more than lol. since the 4th minute on, in dota everybody is ganking around the place and tp supports are coming in to survive ganks. in lol it is a lot simpler. farm, kill, push mid. in dota you have to think, constantly watch the map, counter draft, counter build, position yourself and rotate correspondingly. in lol there are many lacking features such as, vision obstruction (hills and trees) missing, diverse range of active items and ability types. if you want a simple, just play game go for lol, but you are a a strategic player and look for osmething that truly tests your skill id recommend dota 2.
game-hours: 1996.9
review: Just ordinary player
game-hours: 1307.4
review: BEST GAME EVER ! HIGH RECOMMENDED! GLHF, GGWP, RAMPAGE!!!
game-hours: 813.8
review: Good Game
game-hours: 5403.9
review: You better   then to start playing this game, really this isn't for any normal human with life, job, wife, family, college... My dad recently asked me if I'm reta****, and I was like Why man? He said: You playing same f****** map for 2 years now, with same people, same heroes and nothing ever changes, please explain me how are you normal? And I was like: But they moved Roshan 200 units away and we got some paths thru jungle ...now I gotta find job to pay my school.
game-hours: 1434.1
review: Re-tarded Simulator 2 - "Let you discover the world of idiots"
game-hours: 866.6
review: this game is so awesome and amazing. anyone who has ben looking for a good game should definitely try it
game-hours: 1418.3
review: good game. For LoL players it is/will be more difficult and has more mechanics. the gamplay itself is great and smooth most of the time you can play any hero you want without having to buy them. easy controls fun game to play with friends you can buy customization items which is great...perfect game WoW Defense Of The Ancients (DotA) --> LoL --> Dota clarification of what came first
game-hours: 666.7
review: I love dota 2 . Best game ever
game-hours: 1437.4
review: still love dota since on the warcraft 3, :D
game-hours: 1188.8
review: good
game-hours: 2121.1
review: nice game... trololololololol......
game-hours: 422.1
review: awesome
game-hours: 3293.5
review: Dota 2 is the best
game-hours: 1726.4
review: DNIWE
game-hours: 1854.6
review: Very good game, sometimes hate when selected the European West and get 4 Russians :D (  and fuc*** ur mum) .
game-hours: 1137.9
review: nice game .......................,,-~*~,,. ......................./:.:.:.:.:.| ......................|;.;.;.;.;./ ......................|.;.;.;.;.| ............._,,,,,_.).;.;.;.;.| .........,,-":.:.:.:."~-,;.;.;.| ........(_,,,,---,,_:.:.);.;.;..",, ......,-":.:.:.:.:.""-,,/;.;.;.;.;.", .....(:.__,,,,,,,,,___);.;.;.;.;.;| ...../"":.:.:.:.:.:.:""\;.;.;.;.;.," ....\",__,,,,,,,,,,,__/;;;;;;;;;/ .....\.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.);;;;;;;;;/ .......\,,,,,---~~~~;;;;;;;;, .......................,,-~*~,, ......................./:.:.:.:.:.| ......................|;.;.;.;.;./ ......................|.;.;.;.;.| ............._,,,,,_.).;.;.;.;.| .........,,-":.:.:.:."~-,;.;.;.| ........(_,,,,---,,_:.:.);.;.;..",, ......,-":.:.:.:.:.""-,,/;.;.;.;.;.", .....(:.__,,,,,,,,,___);.;.;.;.;.;| ...../"":.:.:.:.:.:.:""\;.;.;.;.;.," ....\",__,,,,,,,,,,,__/;;;;;;;;;/ .....\.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.);;;;;;;;;/ .......\,,,,,---~~~~;;;;;;;;, .......................,,-~*~,, ......................./:.:.:.:.:.| ......................|;.;.;.;.;./ ......................|.;.;.;.;.| ............._,,,,,_.).;.;.;.;.| .........,,-":.:.:.:."~-,;.;.;.| ........(_,,,,---,,_:.:.);.;.;..",, ......,-":.:.:.:.:.""-,,/;.;.;.;.;.", .....(:.__,,,,,,,,,___);.;.;.;.;.;| ...../"":.:.:.:.:.:.:""\;.;.;.;.;.," ....\",__,,,,,,,,,,,__/;;;;;;;;;/ .....\.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.);;;;;;;;;/ .......\,,,,,---~~~~;;;;;;;;, .......................,,-~*~,, ......................./:.:.:.:.:.| ......................|;.;.;.;.;./ ......................|.;.;.;.;.| ............._,,,,,_.).;.;.;.;.| .........,,-":.:.:.:."~-,;.;.;.| ........(_,,,,---,,_:.:.);.;.;..",, ......,-":.:.:.:.:.""-,,/;.;.;.;.;.", .....(:.__,,,,,,,,,___);.;.;.;.;.;| ...../"":.:.:.:.:.:.:""\;.;.;.;.;.," ....\",__,,,,,,,,,,,__/;;;;;;;;;/ .....\.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.);;;;;;;;;/ .......\,,,,,---~~~~;;;;;;;;,
game-hours: 642.7
review: DOTADDICTIVE :)
game-hours: 541.7
review: nice game!
game-hours: 523.2
review: this game is all about bobo , tanga &  (In asia server) ........ but still the greatest moba game ever :) .... PLAY the game la :)
game-hours: 220.3
review: Nice game
game-hours: 1259.8
review: DOTA 2 IS BETTER THEN ANY GAME IN STEAM because you cant got feeling about team work,exciting wars and battles and lots of heroes that can fit anyone's hearth.This game is life man ING LIFE MAN LOVE THIS ING GAME SOOOOO MUCH!YOU MUST TRY THIS TRY THIS AGAIN AND AGAIN!
game-hours: 3548.4
review: Infinity MLG rapetrain
game-hours: 1184.1
review: Best MOBA !
game-hours: 311.7
review: Dota 2 rocks!! :D
game-hours: 1698.0
review: Ragemode: ACTIVATE!
game-hours: 2587.6
review: Best game IMO
game-hours: 666.8
review: Ruined my life (9/10 or 10/11)
game-hours: 660.1
review: Hello :D
game-hours: 2642.6
review: - Do you speak english?" - C.y.k.a! - Good enough. Welcome to Dota2!
game-hours: 481.7
review: like this game
game-hours: 905.3
review: This game taught me how to become a good team player, by flaming and swearing and blaming other teammates. I recommend this game 11/10
game-hours: 127.2
review: ING AWESOEM the first games are really boring because you always lose but after a few matches it's transforming to soemthing awesomes so play it (it's much better than LoL)
game-hours: 690.8
review: I like dota 2
game-hours: 843.5
review: Right Click Simulator 2013
game-hours: 1.2
review: not better then lol
game-hours: 230.0
review: This game taught me how to rage in many different languages. " BOBO YOU F*****" aloha snackbar/10 would rage again
game-hours: 375.2
review: How can I Get a Free Item Here..
game-hours: 668.5
review: !      :    ,      : ", , !!",     ,  ", ",   ,   41     .    ,  "  41  ,       ?",     "  , ,     !   !". ,  ,     ?  40   , ,  , ,      40  . , ,    ? , ,  ... ,  , ,  1  ! , ,  !  , , ,  ,        .
game-hours: 1266.9
review: Playing it with your best friends... priceless !!
game-hours: 1078.8
review: I am done with Dota 2 after 1000+ hours. Sold all my 200 euros worth items. Community to toxic... Game is great but the fact that is free makes it so... BAD When I started they cursed me every game for being noob, later reported me for good games. So many friends of mine tried to scamm me, so little honest and nice people. I will miss them. I am 27 yrs old playing games since i was 12. Never seen so unfriendly community, so much rage, so much toxic  in my life. Saying this after 1000+ hours and a lot money invested in a free game means something.
game-hours: 1217.6
review: :D
game-hours: 373.1
review: One does not simply play Zeus and not killsteal butt it still fun the only thing u have to deal with is everyone pushing accept and dealing with sniper
game-hours: 5419.1
review: I love this game very much!
game-hours: 2562.6
review: el mejor juego de todos <3
game-hours: 3.8
review: I was a little unsure about how to get into a game like Dota 2. There is so much to know about it. However it does a great job at introducing you to new concepts and easing you into online games. I really enjoy this game and would recommend it to anyone.
game-hours: 2307.7
review: good game
game-hours: 420.3
review: ggwp
game-hours: 889.6
review: So i downloaded this game just because it was popular on steam and it was my first ever MOBA/lane pusher style game i ever played. I remeber thinking to myself during my first game here i went 0-23 thinking "man i suck, im never going to get into this". Well here i am 799 hours later. The dota community can be a little bit butthurt at times but i have also met heaps of new and awesome people during my team spent pwning noobs. This is probably the best free to play game i have ever had the pleasure of spenidng 800 hours on and ill tell you why. Every game needs to make money but Dota is fair about it. Spending money in game for a mythical set or an immortal weapon doesn't increase your stats or anything, its just cosmetic and that what i love about it. Games like Robocraft people pay for OP weapon and in Dota, its all about your skill, teamwork and wit verses the other teams. I only have one more comment to make, beware of the riki noob... that is all
game-hours: 484.9
review: you are bad, you will always be bad, and you suck if you play drow ranger or sniper. Learn what a support is and maybe you'll survive 11/10
game-hours: 762.8
review: One day, a wise man intoduce me into this game... "It shall protect your virginity, my lad" he said... Awesome, recommended!
game-hours: 731.0
review: I so love this game! Even before i was still playing dota 1, i was always looking forward to release this game so soon so that my friends and i will be able to play dota 2. Having played this game is very nice. I would love and surely recommend this game to more of my friends.
game-hours: 1353.6
review: awsome :3
game-hours: 1196.2
review: asdasdasdasd
game-hours: 2223.5
review: good
game-hours: 278.6
review: This game is full of peru
game-hours: 2462.0
review: best game ever
game-hours: 870.2
review: Good Game
game-hours: 2717.7
review: I recommend this game to those who are well-balanced person and those who want to learn to play this game. The multinational game so you need to be cautious and not acting like an idiot.
game-hours: 1366.2
review: Nice game
game-hours: 1850.2
review: Valve Add This  please
game-hours: 11.0
review: i love dota2
game-hours: 1334.0
review: free to play :P
game-hours: 6541.6
review: DOTA 2 IS A BIT OF THE COOL.
game-hours: 643.5
review: This game is like a addiction still love to play.
game-hours: 740.5
review: I use it as an outlet of all the stress I get from elsewhere. ;)
game-hours: 1179.8
review: iz gud gaem
game-hours: 735.7
review: VVC GG WP
game-hours: 1374.4
review: FOUR REASONS WHY I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME BECAUSE DOCTORS WILL GET MORE MONEY :D 1st : MMR RANKING What is the point of MMR ranking, whereby with 4,000 mmr i could be paired with someone lower and worst, so what is the purpose of MMR in the first place? is it just for show? or the creator thinks nah lets put a rank game to look "POOR"fesional. Well thank to it, it drop 200 mmr by believing the mmr system, thank a lot dota 2. 2nd: YOU NEED FRIENDS Dont even play SOLO or forever alone, why? because you might get paired with monkeys while your opponents are full with steroid and blood of spartan lol, you need friends to play together to reduce your blood pressure rising and rage level increasing. 3th: COUNTRY PAIRING I miss garena, whereby country pairing which the room only has that country players to play with, here in dota 2, its no legendary chance, but super common chance you get paired with well you know the most famous words used by the players here, Pe3noise or 1nd0n whatever, you know what i mean, worst pairing system ever, SEA has like so many countries in it, yet system could not do the pleasure of segmenting it even better, PATHETHICLY dissapointed 4th: WHY ARE DOCTORS GETTING MORE MONEY The reason is the rising rage of being pairing to "POOR"fessional teammate that result the increase of heart explode diseases to arise in the statistic, i pay a game to make myself enjoy a good time, not paying it to speed up myself going down in the grave to either see LUCIFER DOOMBRINGER OR one of the angels of SKYWRATH
game-hours: 1276.0
review: Best Game
game-hours: 3279.1
review: best time killing game ever
game-hours: 347.8
review: sdsadasda
game-hours: 1062.4
review: dota 2 :D
game-hours: 605.7
review: Recommmendable game.
game-hours: 1666.3
review: i like this game for fun only, and i dont like the other people of saying badwords
game-hours: 301.6
review: Because why not.
game-hours: 196.0
review: Good Game . If you're a fan of Defense Of The Ancients. Then Play this Game :)
game-hours: 0.0
review: this game is like counterstrike except valve actually cares about it
game-hours: 17.5
review: My favorite game atm. Love it!
game-hours: 170.0
review: i like dota 2 hero's because i can costumize there items. i like everything in dota 2 so amazing.!!
game-hours: 264.2
review: Like it
game-hours: 1723.4
review: Just can't stop playing this XD
game-hours: 547.7
review: Need More Practice
game-hours: 231.2
review: LOL
game-hours: 830.8
review: must dala
game-hours: 2134.4
review: Continues to ruin my life..... Wish i had not played it, but too late!! 10/10 Best Game!!
game-hours: 2417.6
review: <3<3
game-hours: 1853.1
review: First of all, played both LoL and Dota 2. I won't say which one is better, none of them is. Whilst LoL is much more noob-friendly, Dota 2 is way harder to get good about. We have about 100 characters, where every of them got different skills. The same goes for items. As long as you won't get to know all of their effects then you'll sure gonna have a hard time starting even a bit. There is also a way to change the way your characters look, it can make you look original but you have to pay/get lucky in order to do so. 1900 Hours isn't really too much on this game, Realized how long I've played in summary, and thus I know well how to play. First of all, we don't need to be Total Pro Players to have fun in this game. There are modes like Team Deathmatch, Ability Draft(The greatest out of unusual ones, where you can make HyperCarries or PermaDisablers), All pick(classic),Ranked matches, Random Draft, and so on. 8+ in total.Every of them gives a different gameplay. So in summary: + Wide variety of modes. + A lot of options to customise appearance of your characters. + Well-Developed variety of characters and their skills, every single is original in both appearance and usage. + Eye and PC-Friendly engine, most PC will be able to run this game. + It's Free, you don't need to pay for heroes, unlike in most MOBA games. + Quite helpful tutorial, althought It won't teach you how to be "Pro". - Hard to place first steps - A lot of russians on other than Russian server(Not being a racist but a lot of these players don't even use english!) - Snowballing effect is a real pain. Recommended for every player that likes MOBA games/or is bored of LoL(Like I was). ^^
game-hours: 442.2
review: I dont really want to write a review about this game but Gaben is requiring me to write one so here it is. blahblahblah thanks steam please giff me lvl 10account now. jk this game is way better than your boring lovelife
game-hours: 302.3
review: this game is so awesome
game-hours: 1508.4
review: what a crazy game ;v
game-hours: 418.1
review: this game belongs in the dumpster. Good work
game-hours: 2657.9
review: i like this game
game-hours: 211.1
review: Best way to learn Russian. I feel like Russian god now 420/69 ING
game-hours: 666.3
review: im playing dota 2 over 200 hours but i never bored. really good and you can earn money on dota 2 :D
game-hours: 1993.5
review: KULANGOT
game-hours: 1718.6
review: i loved this game
game-hours: 86.2
review: Worth trying out even if you initially like MOBAs. Its free.
game-hours: 1421.1
review: I hate this game, I rage every time. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 277.1
review: Apesar de demorar para uma partida ele te tranca no computador at que voc enjoe dele.
game-hours: 245.8
review: nice nice!
game-hours: 208.9
review: awew
game-hours: 2297.0
review: An accurate representation of the austim spectrum.
game-hours: 1712.5
review: GG Volvo and Market!
game-hours: 356.1
review: Like: Game is competitive Dislike: Lag
game-hours: 577.9
review: The best Game in the World :v
game-hours: 2623.3
review: The Best Ever Game On Planet but the dropping items are redicuolous ;(((
game-hours: 799.2
review: wow such multiplayer much fun wow
game-hours: 6049.2
review: Dota 2 was the best, is the best and will be the best. : )
game-hours: 323.8
review: Great game, but watch some guide on a specific hero you want to try before jumping right in.
game-hours: 438.0
review: aaaaaaa
game-hours: 6.0
review: Great game if your a MOBA player you should already know about Dota
game-hours: 58.9
review: Free. Multiplatform. Lots of fun with friends. Really great game.
game-hours: 333.3
review: adfu bacot
game-hours: 148.7
review: Best game EVAHHHH BABY~~
game-hours: 503.1
review: RECCOMEND THIS GAME :D
game-hours: 117.8
review: This game is great! It can either make you believe in humanity again, or make you hate humans more.
game-hours: 2538.4
review: !   ,    !
game-hours: 692.2
review: A MOBA Game to make u think, must have fast decision and fast action in seconds. I love it!
game-hours: 158.1
review: NICEhahahaha
game-hours: 807.9
review: Best Game
game-hours: 1740.7
review: i recommend this game coz` its fun and u can meet new friends from all over the world :D
game-hours: 3873.2
review: ,     "",  "" " " :D.         (      :D),  "gg wp ez",           30  :).  5-        ""  ,       55   (,  ,    ,  [0 11 11]). ...     ,   .   ,  Dota -    , , ,      ...  ...
game-hours: 440.6
review: COOL GAME
game-hours: 102.7
review: It's a wonderful game and one of the best examples of how to do free-to-play, BUT be aware that the community isn't kind with new players, which is a shame and I hope Valve will not only continue to punish bad behavior, but also incentivize good behavior -- commendations are not enough.
game-hours: 2864.2
review: One of the biggest and bestest game in the current time! So fun and complex that no matter how much you play you will never get tired of it! This is a milestone in moba genre! #LegendaryGame
game-hours: 1146.1
review: i like this
game-hours: 1395.6
review: This game made me understand why Communism didn't work. Because if it worked, the Russians wouldn't have DoTA.
game-hours: 2209.0
review: best game ever!
game-hours: 30.4
review: As a League of Legends player, (I know, I know) DOTA 2 had a huge learning curve to it, but as you play and learn the vast amount of game mechanics, you learn to love it. Now that it is *finally* out of beta, more players are going to be playing, and I find that the in-game tutorials (EVEN AGAINST REAL PLAYERS! :D) are very helpful, something League of Legends doesn't go NEARLY as in-depth with.
game-hours: 1455.3
review: Dota 2 - this is Pain-Killer and simultaneously Pain-Dealer. At least the people who live there - exactly in exactly! :) this game brings a lot of pain and suffering, but sometimes it is very fun . Try it, you'll like -_^ p.s: I am gladly accept gifts of inventory dota 2 :) do not hesitate ;) +25 Karma =)
game-hours: 17.3
review: Dota1 was way better
game-hours: 91.8
review: Vi is the CLEAARLY the best champ in Dota FACT But no seriously really good game, If you've played another Moba before definatley give this a swing, it is a bit of an accuired taste so you may end up quitting it but just keep at it. There are some really cool characters (Luna) and some not so cool characters (Timbersaw is lame). It takes some time to learn and most of the time you cant understand the people you are playing with BUT THATS FIIIIIIIINE just bring friends and you'll have more fun. Most people compare this game to League of Legends and after playing Leauge an IMMENSE amount I can honestly say one isn't better than the other, while looking simmilar they are both very different games and that shows while playing them, so if you go in expecting League you'll come out dissapointed, I still enjoy League more but that is due to Vi being a god tier waifu. My absolute FAVORITE thing about Dota 2 is the access to skins, which in this game aren't exactly skins more just peices to them, and as a customization junkie OOOH do I love it. So in the end if you are thinking of trying Dota 2 i'd say absolutley go for it, it's a very fun game that takes some time to learn but there are guides and such you can use to help. 9/10 Vi has a sweet butt
game-hours: 157.7
review: good game
game-hours: 160.4
review: WOW THIS GAME IS SPECTACULAR
game-hours: 723.5
review: DOta2 is so nice,I love Dendi,Resolution,and Silent <3
game-hours: 1236.3
review: cool game <3
game-hours: 1161.3
review: The level of russians is too damn high. If you want to play a competitive game play this, but prepare your  first.
game-hours: 777.5
review: recomended for any racist people there
game-hours: 229.6
review: great strategy game
game-hours: 773.7
review: Defence of the Ancients is   finest multiplayer   . If you are        in to      .  .
game-hours: 2479.6
review: Great game! \o/
game-hours: 1474.7
review: I feel like this is the only game i have not stop playing. recommended 10/10
game-hours: 107.6
review: yea
game-hours: 1906.1
review: The best free online Russian language school.
game-hours: 447.0
review: GG
game-hours: 1035.0
review: best game ever
game-hours: 88.9
review: The best free game I've ever played, and apparently designed by someone who actually knows how to implement both fun gameplay and microtransactions that don't feel like I'm going through psychological torture for not paying. I'm surprised it doesn't have more players.
game-hours: 1487.1
review: BEST MMORPG GAME EVER, also its f2p :D
game-hours: 695.5
review: good
game-hours: 434.4
review: its very very cool game guys pls play this game
game-hours: 3.5
review: !!!       !!! 0_0    pc !!!
game-hours: 929.3
review: :)
game-hours: 1328.8
review: 11/10 lost my gf lost my friend my family hate me cant talk in real life PUT TANK IN A MALL #rikievrywhere still best game ever
game-hours: 1554.8
review: The game is awesome. However the community is fairly friendly. People should be less rude in my opinion.
game-hours: 156.4
review: Amazing must play game! I'm new, but my friend is eaching me and I'm a pretty good Lich.
game-hours: 2470.0
review: This is amazingly fun and never gets boring.
game-hours: 720.9
review: Good Game!!!
game-hours: 935.5
review: Let it consume your SOUL!
game-hours: 677.7
review: This is 1 of easy MOBA game to play. :D
game-hours: 946.3
review: ^_^
game-hours: 848.8
review: Nice ^_^
game-hours: 301.7
review: A very-very adictive game!!!
game-hours: 320.1
review: it just keeps getting better and better..
game-hours: 860.1
review: Actually requires team work.
game-hours: 1204.2
review: blue and black
game-hours: 198.9
review: CooL
game-hours: 1490.2
review: so many noobs
game-hours: 749.8
review: test
game-hours: 168.5
review: gg
game-hours: 231.4
review: BEST GAME EVER IN THE WORLD!!!!!
game-hours: 2997.3
review: Want to hate yourself and others? Play Dota 2.
game-hours: 1220.7
review: it awesome
game-hours: 2884.5
review: dont ever play this ing stupid annoying  ass game if you want a normal life
game-hours: 570.4
review: this my favourite game
game-hours: 47.1
review: just play this game
game-hours: 498.9
review: "MOBA's, the future of gaming" said someone once, this game is basically that... DotA 2 in a nutshell: The game is way to addictive, you get latched on and lose track of time, seeing the extent of the matches (the normal one lasting 40-50 mins), it's got a massive pro-scene and if you have friends to play it's just even more fun. Pros: -Has a HUGE variety of choices of heroes, builds, cosmetics and styles to play. -The competion in the game is outsanding. -It's an addictive game, which in my opinion is good. -It makes you wanna keep playing due to it's ranking system and be the top up there. Cons: -The game is very rage-inducing. -There are alot of connection issues due to the fact that Dota cant separate people from their servers, for example SA playing on NA servers. -The community is very "strict" in the way that, you die twice in-a-row, but have five kills, your a "feeder, noob, etc." So, to recap all this, DotA is the perfect game for all you try-hards out there looking for a challenge, something I wouldn't put as a pro or a con would be that the learning curve is so very steep. Takes more then a month to learn the game, ever for veteran MOBA players, the pro-scene is ony getting better. Final Score: 9/10
game-hours: 5191.6
review: Full of russians ...
game-hours: 672.3
review: Good graphics
game-hours: 1289.6
review: amazing game thats all i have to say :D
game-hours: 2295.1
review: best ever!
game-hours: 3968.3
review: Hour and hours on it and it never gets boring, awesome game!
game-hours: 901.0
review: I didn't think I was an aggressive person, until I played this
game-hours: 1763.6
review: I HOPE YOU COMPENSATE FOR ME MISSING A YEAR BEAST GAME! STEAM KICKED ME FROM THE QUEUE WHILE IT WAS LOADING AND MADE ME WAIT FOR ABOUT 6 min. I am very dissappointed.
game-hours: 2674.6
review: great game lots of fun with many easy to fallow builds for each toon
game-hours: 1461.0
review: 10/10 would kill a flying donkey again.
game-hours: 268.9
review: Side effects: Loss of weight Gain of weight Depression Confidence Hatred of other Human beings Admiration of other Human beings Hate of Russian Human beings Basically every ailment that isn't a transmitted disease 8/10 TheCatWithTheHat
game-hours: 893.2
review: Good Good and Good!!!!!!
game-hours: 1325.3
review: DOTA 2
game-hours: 4529.1
review: Its Good Tactical and personal skill game. Hope you all can enjoy the war!
game-hours: 233.7
review: :D
game-hours: 527.8
review: For me the best MOBA genre game today, well balanced heroes. Easy to learn and RTS strategy works.
game-hours: 489.6
review: hello
game-hours: 2.1
review: Nice hard game)
game-hours: 977.5
review: Awesome game. sadly Year Beast is pay to win and not play to win. a big step in the wrong direction for me
game-hours: 743.8
review: I like the game it,s just so fun to play and n don,t have any problems with it just mixes up search engens every now and then but n would personaly recomend the game to not only children but to anyoune......AWSOME GAME
game-hours: 1092.6
review: cout << "would definitely recommend.. best multiplayer strategy game out there with superb gameplay.. & what's more, it's free!! " << endl;
game-hours: 1795.1
review: Good when you speel but Russens pls stop jusing SA >>>> we lag and you ?
game-hours: 404.6
review: yes
game-hours: 237.7
review: YEAhhhh
game-hours: 921.6
review: :D
game-hours: 172.3
review: This is the Nice Game Ever for me :)
game-hours: 107.9
review: LOL
game-hours: 44.2
review: haha
game-hours: 2646.8
review: A game that is hard to learn and there is always room for improvement, such as learning some poor scrubs peruvian language that is mixed with spanish so that you could better understand them. 8/8 m80 IGN Would peru again
game-hours: 1442.7
review: Has not attracted the game, something...
game-hours: 143.2
review: Good
game-hours: 391.3
review: Cool :3
game-hours: 4409.5
review: Dota2 is nice
game-hours: 1284.5
review: y me no trade!!!
game-hours: 3588.1
review: THIS GAME ITS OK BUT NT AS GUD AS SUM OTHER GAMES ND VRY HARD 2 PLAY DER R A LOT OF CHAMPIONS!! BUT SUM CHAMPIONS IS NOT VRY GUD N DER IS 1 CHAMPION DAT MAKES 4 CHAMPIONS LOL SO OP DER R SUM PROB WITH GAME LYK WHEN UR TEAM KILS UR OWN TEAM MINIONS ND ALSO MANA IS VRY HARD 2 GET ND DN THINK U CN SURRENDER BUT DIS GAME IS LYK LEAGUE OF LEGENDS SO ITS OK I RECCONEND
game-hours: 567.3
review: tbh i could not have think of a better game then skyrim untill i came along this big bag of wonders, every night i play dota. when i am asked to go to the park i always say yes in a couple of mins, instead i spend the whole day on dota
game-hours: 574.4
review: I like dota so much
game-hours: 1852.4
review: Highly addictive hat sim made by our favorite jews working at Valve HQ.
game-hours: 134.9
review: nice
game-hours: 809.1
review: The best free to play game IMO. Even better than a lot of $60 games out there. Very complex game if you are new to this genre and very rewarding. As this game really depends on team gameplay and strategy, matching up with random players, even foriegn language players, can cause a not so pleasent experience.  blyat,  taco, tangina, poda patti! GF HL!
game-hours: 2444.1
review: ! -  honorous     ,   ,         ,  -!    ,  .
game-hours: 496.9
review: Best
game-hours: 1.5
review: das ist von heroes of the storm geklaut
game-hours: 1540.9
review: nice game :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
game-hours: 745.9
review: Haz more russians than the entire country of Russia Still Thumbs Up
game-hours: 776.1
review: its a very nice game it rocks
game-hours: 380.5
review: who can deny DotA's power?! 5*
game-hours: 47.1
review: wtf how is this better then countr strike? this is not competetve at all so boring the superheroes arent even cool looking! worst game i want my money back ffs 8/10
game-hours: 19.7
review: RAZOR!!! RAZOR AND AGAIN RAZOR!!!
game-hours: 48.1
review: good
game-hours: 814.8
review: This is what you called strategy game that develop our skills.
game-hours: 357.0
review: Good Game. KUDOS!
game-hours: 950.4
review: Heros of Newearth is better, but dota is complete.
game-hours: 450.3
review: Good game
game-hours: 329.1
review: THIS GAME IS A GOOD GAME IT WILL CHALENGE YOUR SKILL IN PLAYING AND YOU MIND GAME YOU YOU DONT HAVE THAT YOU ARE SURELY NOTHING IN THIS GAME EXEPT IF YOU PLAY DOTA 1 THIS IS MROE FAN HOPE YOU WILL HAVE A GOOD TIME TO PLAY THIS GAME :D
game-hours: 1060.0
review: All Good For Now
game-hours: 231.8
review: Yup ! c: Very active, takes a lot of brain power
game-hours: 1081.6
review: This game is incredible fun. Apart from, well, when someone plays it. They play the easiest heroes that require no skill and when you try to play these heroes the "right click" carries that are complete and utter . Jugg. Riki. I used to like this game but all the heroes that were once good but counterable became even stronger and now you just sit and watch them kill your support. There's always the next update where they make their  carries an even bigger pile of .
game-hours: 1029.9
review: Only played for a bit, but it looks fun. 9/10 players ready
game-hours: 64.2
review: In 1 Week, I learned how to speak fluent Russian because of this game. Im really thankful I had the chance to learn Russian. Bye!  Blyat :D
game-hours: 336.6
review: nice
game-hours: 1380.1
review: good
game-hours: 1005.3
review: very fun :)
game-hours: 664.2
review: beautiful game
game-hours: 1072.1
review: Best moba!!!
game-hours: 375.7
review: if you have friends or a life, do not, i repeate DO NOT download this, it will take you away from those things
game-hours: 1524.8
review: Doto Best Doto
game-hours: 2181.2
review: Good game
game-hours: 849.5
review: IM a PRO
game-hours: 3202.9
review: goodjob
game-hours: 1349.9
review: 9/10 prevents you from passing exams
game-hours: 239.6
review: I have to admit it's a pretty fun game, after playing it for a while, it really does feel like most of the heroes are completely unbalanced. If you're going against an experienced team or even higher difficulty bots, you're bound to struggle and get frustrated. I'm kind of on and off with this game, but I uninstalled and really don't feel like playing again. New players are going to find this game hard to play, especially when matched with more experienced players, it takes time to even figure out what to do most of the game after starting and before ending. Everyone should at least try it!
game-hours: 1254.4
review: Really fun game when you find teammates that don't intentionally feed, teammates that speak english, and when the servers stay up long enough for you to actually play the game in the first place.
game-hours: 3173.3
review: ,   :)
game-hours: 1330.8
review: The Best Game In the World
game-hours: 387.8
review: i recomend playing this game only if u have expe in it
game-hours: 0.5
review: Too many russians, quit after 38 mins....
game-hours: 584.4
review: a must play
game-hours: 1676.2
review: best game ever played
game-hours: 699.3
review: Greatest game ever (except Skyrim)! Really fun to play with your friends.
game-hours: 1052.4
review: I love it!
game-hours: 156.5
review: very nice :)
game-hours: 286.1
review: This the game which lead me to use steam n i dont regret it.
game-hours: 598.2
review: MY WORDS CANT EXPRESS HOW I REALLY LIKE THIS GAME, THIS IS REALLY GREAT.
game-hours: 897.6
review: I like the game play and graphics of DOTA 2
game-hours: 157.2
review: sdasdawa12
game-hours: 585.8
review: So when do I get to start having fun?
game-hours: 1408.4
review: hard player
game-hours: 1.9
review: Downloads Dota Opens Dota Plays first game Called Noob and people with no life tell me to kill myself Uninstalls after first match God visits me and tells me about the wonderful deed I done Rewards me with CSGO "Okie"
game-hours: 402.5
review: ggwp
game-hours: 82.0
review: Dota 2 is a fun game that need strategy and team work to win a game ^^ and a good leader to guide the team to win the game ^^ i Guess it is a fun game i played so far.
game-hours: 245.7
review: Failed exams because of this game. Would do the same again 10/10 BEST GAME EVER!
game-hours: 58.0
review: Complicated and needs a huge amount of time. A very good game
game-hours: 969.3
review: This Game Is Awsome
game-hours: 42.7
review: ?
game-hours: 1635.0
review: Nice..!!
game-hours: 398.2
review: At first I thought that MOBAs in general were terrible, I played the DOTA 2 tutorial and played ten matches then uninstalled the game. I really didnt like playing the game because every time I played I was shouted at and put in low priority. About a year later after my friends insisted that I play I started afresh and managed to quickly find my feet and DOTA 2 is now one of my favourite all time games. The steep learning curve makes DOTA 2 hard to get into but after you start understanding tactics and mastering characters it becomes an amazing game. The hundreds of characters, items, playstyles, etc. make every game fresh and exciting. If you manage to make your way out of the (noob/pinoy) bracket of players then suddenly the game opens up with possibilities and becomes one of the best games that I have ever played. It will keep you entertained for years and years.
game-hours: 259.6
review: Good game (Y)
game-hours: 565.1
review: it's fun
game-hours: 3493.0
review: Best Tower Defence game ever!!!
game-hours: 393.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 789.7
review: ahh , the " blyat" simulator game , ancient tales speak of the legends of russians playing the game , all you can read is "mother russia" "for the glory of the homeland" "vladimer putin" ..... etc the first game that tought me how to become a gaming racist , where english is valued more than your mother tounge . ahh the hours i spent cursing and cursing. 10/10 would bang all hail lord gaben gaben is love gaben is life
game-hours: 121.6
review: nice game i like that
game-hours: 1489.2
review: One of those kind of games where you really want to spend time in. Really good 10/10 Valve Forever
game-hours: 1042.2
review: i very like this game
game-hours: 1156.4
review: the best game ever. the graphics of the ame is one of the most amazing thing ever, really recommend it to other players who do not play this game, they must tyr it, what makes it more interesting are the items the sets of the heroes. they are so cool :}
game-hours: 1205.8
review: ,    .           .
game-hours: 749.2
review: GoodGame
game-hours: 6.6
review: yeahh
game-hours: 746.1
review: ALL PEOPLE WHO WANNA PLAY REAL MOBA GAMES MUST TRU THIS!!
game-hours: 2981.4
review: Dota is fun
game-hours: 1063.8
review: nice
game-hours: 60.7
review: VURY GUD BUT MANY RUSSIAN SNIPER
game-hours: 10.0
review: I HATE EVERY SINGEL MOBA! X(
game-hours: 443.4
review: I hooked a creep and I got reported for intentional feeding by my entire team. 11/10 ggwp
game-hours: 308.7
review: Nice!)
game-hours: 369.9
review: Approved by MLG.
game-hours: 239.8
review: 10/10 Would Idle Again.
game-hours: 170.3
review: Great Game
game-hours: 833.5
review: So f*cking good game :))
game-hours: 347.9
review: good past time :) fun game..
game-hours: 922.2
review: ^_^^_^_^_^_^^_^_^_
game-hours: 319.0
review: yes this is good must play..
game-hours: 30.0
review: The best Ruski  blyat simulator on the market, worth every penny (technically it's free but whatever don't judge me).
game-hours: 1444.9
review: like skyrim but with guns but the guns are swords and stuff but theres this one guy with a gun
game-hours: 984.3
review: So true: Every great carry, there's a great support.
game-hours: 1404.7
review: i liek dis gaem
game-hours: 484.3
review: LOL
game-hours: 734.6
review: sweet game
game-hours: 1000.4
review: Favorite game
game-hours: 1414.3
review: Meh
game-hours: 778.1
review: ,
game-hours: 239.2
review: Very nice game.. love it ALOT!
game-hours: 1301.6
review: I like this game because it can helps me for thinking more deeply and thorough
game-hours: 608.3
review: WTF
game-hours: 18.7
review: The game is okay, but I am naturally a reflexive gamer, not a strategy gamer. So in an FPS gamer's point of view, this game is fun but get's boring really quick. Takes a long time to get to the action, but the action barely lasts 10 seconds (unless you have a tp scroll or whatever it's called). Variety of characters is good. But I find that one map get's really boring. Some might disagree with what I say. Heck, a lot of people will disagree with what I say, especially considering the kind of community this game has. Majority of them are uncooperative, unhospitable, or trolls. All in all, good game, just doesn't really catch my interest, and horrible community. This game is only fun if you have friends to play with.
game-hours: 1810.3
review: Cmon.. everyone know DOTA
game-hours: 1663.9
review: good game
game-hours: 200.2
review: Ya know what? I don't need to say what I think about this game... You already know what I have to say about this great game...
game-hours: 589.1
review: im disconnect just a few second when im playing year beast brawl and i cant reconnect.I very disappointed about that
game-hours: 696.6
review: Great game 10/10 destroyed my social life !
game-hours: 7.4
review: Dota 2 is the best game ever!
game-hours: 1527.5
review: the best
game-hours: 3167.2
review: :)
game-hours: 437.4
review: Old school!
game-hours: 1467.8
review: If you are a chronic Procrastinator, this game is bad for you. Its just as bad as Youtube at making you delay important work. I want to say that i hate it and want to stop playing it as soon as possible, but that would be a big fat lie. I love this game, I have never in my gaming career felt so much passion for any game. That feeling you get when you go on a rampage and take down the anchient, or doing a solo rosh. Even going so far as to turn silencer into a hypercarry and support with spectre.
game-hours: 272.9
review: Like This Game
game-hours: 3087.6
review: awful game, don't play.
game-hours: 291.1
review: The best test for teamwork.
game-hours: 914.6
review: THIS A GREAT GAME
game-hours: 591.9
review: An extremely immersive, fast-paced first-person shooter that is easy to pick up and play no matter the skill level. i recommened this game to fans of the COD series or anyone who shares a love for a happy and forgiving community.
game-hours: 3500.5
review: very beautiful game
game-hours: 1117.2
review: GG WP
game-hours: 2658.4
review: BEST GAME EVER IN THE WORLD !!!!!!
game-hours: 1489.0
review: Well , this game is awesome please add more event :D
game-hours: 888.5
review: 10/10 S'pretty bad
game-hours: 2367.1
review: Significantly better than all the imitators.
game-hours: 923.5
review: BEST GAME SOOOO ADICTIVE!!!!!!!!!! XD
game-hours: 991.0
review: :)
game-hours: 1573.3
review: 11/10 Would bang.
game-hours: 1373.5
review: seaver donw
game-hours: 2136.6
review: This game ruining my life
game-hours: 2029.2
review: I like waffles. This game does not contain waffles. Therefore, it could be better. 322/322 volvo pls add waffles
game-hours: 29.4
review: you like games nice, now do you like broken games? well then this is for you
game-hours: 1748.1
review: cool.
game-hours: 1020.7
review: Once entered never come out of it 11/10 needs more of it.
game-hours: 1142.7
review: Best old-time MOBA game so far. Simple yet addicting game for both amateur and professinal gamer.
game-hours: 156.7
review: mantap
game-hours: 1917.6
review: I ing hate this game so ing much, what an awful waste of existence. 11/10 my entire life is dota
game-hours: 336.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 2937.7
review: thats good
game-hours: 520.9
review: best game ever D:
game-hours: 895.5
review: bier
game-hours: 1327.6
review: good job
game-hours: 630.8
review: Never, ever play this game. It wastes your time, and will just make you frustrated on how imbalanced the whole thing is.
game-hours: 1691.7
review: amazing game
game-hours: 350.4
review: I STRONGLY RECOMMEND DOTA 2 TO ALL PLAYERS AROUND THE WORLD
game-hours: 625.9
review: Nice and addictive game
game-hours: 601.8
review: This is a great game for everyone
game-hours: 995.5
review: I love this strategy game, for you strategy fans out there, JOIN ME AND BE TAUGHT!
game-hours: 641.5
review: Nice game
game-hours: 2795.2
review: 11/10
game-hours: 100.9
review: good game well played
game-hours: 1205.0
review: CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA  CYKA
game-hours: 599.8
review: The best game ever on steam! Highly recommended!
game-hours: 688.3
review: D2Life
game-hours: 805.8
review: Gave me a boner and it never went away 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 4717.4
review: find my new life
game-hours: 308.3
review: The Best Game Ever.
game-hours: 981.8
review: ,       )       ,   ,     ,    !!!
game-hours: 1090.7
review: this game is so good coz it has tactics strategies composed in it . it makes your brain work faster ad choose wisely. deciding which is which. and many more. amazing game!
game-hours: 2821.8
review: Able to finger people (  ) i r8 3/22
game-hours: 806.2
review: nice
game-hours: 0.3
review: neh
game-hours: 502.0
review: good
game-hours: 263.3
review: Dota is the best game ever !
game-hours: 2617.7
review: pls Lord Gaben, giff my life back :(:(
game-hours: 609.3
review: i really love dota and the concept of mobas but this one has only one thing that makes it worse than LoL and that is playing the exact game mode for hours and hours which is public matches i just wanna play ranked and i think it takes way to long ti hit 13 let alone 25.
game-hours: 563.4
review: The game is interesting but recently i keep getting choices to abandon the game or not, even when the match has finished... I hope this bug can be fixed, but otherwise i recommend this game
game-hours: 1011.6
review: FROM ALL GAME YOU PLAY DOTA2, AND GET THE FELL!!!
game-hours: 366.5
review: Fun
game-hours: 801.7
review: Lol
game-hours: 1368.6
review: I really like this game. That's all! :)
game-hours: 1030.7
review: HO HO HA HA
game-hours: 318.1
review: This game is really awesome outstanding. I really like this game alot. The graphic are really nice!! that's what I like about this game
game-hours: 875.0
review: 100% lifesteal
game-hours: 9.0
review: It is a really good Fantasy game with lots of fighting. Although it is simple click and attack fighting style the variety of moves there are really makes up for that. If I could rate it out of 10 I would give it a 7.5. I recommend it.
game-hours: 1681.6
review: this is a good game, however i dont like the concept of being paired with noobs. it totally ruins the game, you play with people that is not in the same skill level and you tend to lose more than to win most of your games. you should change the way how your system finds a match for an individual it should be people who win will be paired with people who win, and those who lose alot play amongst themselves. I cant believe that when you go solo match there are people who are in a party? whats that about? I believe that you can never learn common sense, you are born with that talent. You should hire developers that have common sense if you want this game of yours appreciated by dota2 and non dota2 players. Most likely if non dota2 players find the enviroment in that kind of manner I believe that this game will be undisputedly number 1 in RTSGaming
game-hours: 1076.6
review: mantap
game-hours: 1703.1
review: Playing alone: Comeback and Racism Simulator Playing with friends: Test Of Relationships
game-hours: 1067.2
review: I like this game because when i feel moody "all the time xD" it removes the bad emotion away when i play this good job valve!! and i want arcana too hehe but nvm that i dont have a wallet so still good job :)
game-hours: 1209.4
review: ok
game-hours: 515.2
review: good
game-hours: 794.1
review: The razrabotchiks are pidars, but it is a good game.
game-hours: 1223.4
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 1105.7
review: good game well played
game-hours: 678.4
review: just for fun
game-hours: 445.3
review: Pros - Free to win - Great graphic - Thrilling sound effect & music - Give penalty for ***hole & quitter - Tons of customization Cons - Can't play offline (need some tricks)
game-hours: 103.0
review: viable pick-up 10/10
game-hours: 133.0
review: What I like about this game is, It is a Highly competitive game at the same time Very fun. It also ncreases strategic planning and good morale. Dota 2 is <3
game-hours: 1414.7
review: It's the best game you can play:D
game-hours: 3224.9
review: .
game-hours: 5607.8
review: BEST GAME OF MY LIFE SRSLY !
game-hours: 928.6
review: nice games
game-hours: 1898.4
review: The Best not boring Game Ever in the World !!!
game-hours: 1534.3
review: h
game-hours: 1778.4
review: SEA MMR = cancer LMAO
game-hours: 151.8
review: Good Game GGWP
game-hours: 3.1
review: myes
game-hours: 1268.9
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 1246.9
review: if you don't need to addict computer game dont play this game :D
game-hours: 848.6
review: Greatest game of all time
game-hours: 323.9
review: EFEFEFEF
game-hours: 22.9
review: Awesome game and a lot of fun plus a lot of hate, but still a lot of fun though
game-hours: 46.8
review: Great game! Incredibly shallow learning curve, and the community is very friendly and helpful.
