game-hours: 206.5
review: My first game on A3 brought me the most horrific experience I've ever had in any game, ever. We're on our way to the objective, a small dump east of a town occupied by enemy forces. I'm leading a team of 4 men. We come to a crossroad and I sprint across, telling my men to hold back. I cross a few more times, trying to get a response from any snipers. Nothing. I run, my SAW gunner runs, my medic runs. But I kept my Marksman on the other side to make sure we'd make it across. Anybody seen Full Metal Jacket all the way through? Remember the sniper scene? The marksman takes a round in the leg as we're running and goes down. He then takes two more in the chest. The kid who was playing had some mad acting skills, he played it up to 11 here. He screams as he's being shot. Crawling, drenched in his own blood. "SARGE? YOU AIN'T LEAVING ME OUT HERE LIKE THIS, RIGHT? I-I WANNA GO WITH YOU GUYS! C'MON SARGE, H-HELP ME! C'MON! PLEASE DON'T LEAVE ME!" he died after that. I cried and he respawned. 11/10, would recommend getting.
game-hours: 65.9
review: This is not a game for people who want fast action movie style gaming, this is a game for people who appreciate the finer things. Having done both military service and picked up MILSIM airsoft as a hobby this game is the closest you will get to what goes on in reality. There are experiences you will have in ARMA 3 that can not be had in COD or BF, experiences that will have you shaking from the adrenaline release. One that comes to mind was a mission to destroy an enemy comms tower, I was squad leader of 8 or so AI:s. As we approached the Comms tower and I told my men to go stealth, no firing unless fired upon. We moved slowly taking advantage of terrain, keeping an watchful eye for enemy patrols. Once the tower was in visual range pace slowed even more and I spent the better part of 30 minutes just looking for enemy patrols and advancing to about 200 meters from the tower. There I positioned my men to cover a wide firing arc as I had spotted quite a few patrols moving in and about the tower. I considered opening fire and probably being able to drop a good portion of the enemy before they could zero in on our position. But a firefight is always a risk, and these AI had been around for a few missions and I had started to anthropomorphize them a bit and secondly I might get hit and killed. As I considered how I would start the engagement a sudden hole opened up in the patrol pattern, I realised the tower is unguarded and I had an opportunity to do something I had not considered. I got up and ran as fast as I could towards the tower, all the time expecting the bullets to start cracking above my head. I kept scanning as I ran whizzling through bushes trying to pick a path that the least visibility to any patrols. After what seemed like far too long I reached the tower and threw out a satchel charge and another for good measure, if one would not bring the tower down it would sure attract attention. I turned around and made my way back, as I closed on my men I started ordering them to fall back, hope growing that I might get out of this alive. Falling back to about 400 meters I finally detonated the satchel charges and the tower fell, from there it was just a short run to the truck and back to Command. I had done it. I had pulled off the perfect mission, not a shot fired and all under my command back alive. That is what this game is about.
game-hours: 576.8
review: Oh man. Where to even begin with this one. It would be an extreme disservice to simply call Arma 3 a shooter, as it is so, so much more than that. Arma 3 is a military simulator. This is a distinction that its developers hold sacred and are proud of, and one to which I can attest is completely accurate and deserved. But its even more than that. Arma 3 is a gaming platform, upon which so much has already been and will continue to be built for years to come. At its core though, Arma 3 in a supremely excellent military sim. The graphics are stunning, the gameplay is excellent, the mechanics are solid, and Bohemia Interactive has done an absolutely amazing job packaging this all together. New comers to the Arma series (as I was) may initially be overwhelmed by the games complex mechanics and decidedly different pace from your typical FPS/shooter. Enemy engagements happen at much greater distance than is typical in the genre and are often brief, brutal, and more times than not will conclude with your demise. There is no handholding here. No mini-maps, no enemy UI icons/indicators, no hit markers, no health bars. If you get shot a couple of times, you will find yourself unceremoniously dispatched. While this creates a high barrier for entry and a steep learning curve for new players, it provides a unique and distinctive play style. Situational awareness, cover, teamwork, suppressive fire, and generally moving purposefully and as if your  depended on knowing what was behind the next ridge or hiding in the bushes are paramount to your success. Add to these infantry mechanics the amazingly rendered vehicles, armor, helicopters, and planes, each with their own realistic mechanics to learn and master, and you end up with a truly amazing military simulation experience. Out of the box, Arma comes with a great single player campaign comprised of 3 separate acts, each containing ~12-15 missions. The campaign focuses on a well crafted story of a military conflict that has erupted over Arma 3s two HUGE islands of Stratis and Altis. You play the part of a NATO soldier who finds himself stuck in the middle of a complex engagement. The campaign is rewarding, and challenging. (I have yet to complete it as Im stuck on one mission that I simply cant seem to complete.) However the single-player campaign is FAR from the end of this title. The mission editing tools have allowed this amazing community to develop some absolutely awesome single player missions, all of which can be downloaded free of charge from the Steam workshop and numerous other sites around the interwebs. I would also recommend you check out the supremely excellent full game conversion single player mods Whole Lotta Altis and Dynamic Universal War System which will provide countless additional single player hours and could be completely stand alone titles in themselves. Oh and the multiplayer, oh god the multiplayer. Wasteland, King of the Hill, Invade and Annex, Battle Royale, Breaking Point, so many Co-Op opportunities, the amazing looking upcoming Epoch (currently in closed Alpha). Im sure there are so many others that I havent even discovered yet. Each of these represent COMPLETELY USER GENERATED and totally disparate ways to play Multiplayer within the Arma 3 platform. By purchasing Arma 3, you immediately have access to each of these completely gratis and each could essentially be considered totally separate game. In wrapping up this lengthy review, Arma 3 is an amazing experience and a true accomplishment in game development. It is the only game in recent memory that I can say with confidence that I never get bored with playing. Bohemia Interactive has made it clear that they plan to support this game for years to come, and they have built something amazing on which the possibilities are truly endless. Purchase this game. Purchase it now. Thank me later. (IF YOU DO NOT FIND MY REVIEW HELPFUL, please leave a comment as to why. I welcome the constructive feedback.)
game-hours: 92.3
review: Children play Call of Duty Boys play Battlefield Men play ARMA
game-hours: 46.7
review: If you have friends, this is a great game to play with them. If you don't have any friends, this is a great game to play alone. If you don't have the game to play, get the money for it. If you don't have the money for it, get a job. If you don't have a job, rob the bank. If you get arrested robbing the bank, at least you tried.
game-hours: 2687.4
review: After some 1,400 hours on the game, I can say with FULL VALIDITY this game has ruined my life. If you like realistic physics, teamwork, and every form of warfare, this game is for you. 10/10
game-hours: 919.3
review: Can't tell you if you should buy it or not, but I can tell you this. You will find annoying bugs, highly requested features that isn't there and lack of content if you're not satisfied with what you have. But when you really get down to it, and experience some of the awesome scenarios you can get in multiplayer and custom sp mission, it's something magical you just can't find in any other game. Arma is not a game which you pick up at launch, play the campaign and a bit of mp, and then trow away. You buy it, love it or hate it, and then play it forever or trow it away immediatly. Arma is a game which you can never called finished. There will always be added to it, be it user or official content, fixes, features or optimizations. Hope I expressed myself correctly and that you learned something from it :) If you like realistic shooters and organized large scale multiplayer warfare, this will be your gem! I'll give it a 9/10, simply because: screw bugs, I've used hundreds of hours on Arma 3 that I would never take back. READ: I will not accept random friend requests! If you have a question, please post it in the comments.
game-hours: 958.1
review: It's not a good 'game' for newbies. No, it's not... I use to sit at a place and watch the sunset. I have no idea how to actually shoot, drive and complete missions. It's like my personal sunset simulator. And it's damn beautiful. 10/10
game-hours: 457.1
review: I have owned this game for a number of weeks now and I have been completely hooked. Great game for the more serious war gamer, not for those who prefer the fast paced combat that you get from Call of Duty series which I consider more for the younger gamers anyway. Arma 3 moves a lot slower and is more squad based than other war games, similar to Battlefield series only slower than that when playing online and you may find yourself on 10 minute helicopter rides just to get into the battlefield and you will be highly satisfied with each kill you make as you know a single round landed by your enemy could be fatal regardless of the weapon they are using. You will have to make good use of any cover you can find and hit the dirt as soon as you hear a bullet crack over your head and then very carefully survey the surrouding area and work out where you are taking fire from as it will usually not be obvious where the fire is coming from and you will find yourself having to hold up for 10-20 minutes in a single location (sometimes longer, I personally have gotten pinned in one location for over an hour) because you are either pinned by enemy fire or it is too dangerous to move forward. You will need to buffer up on your mic communication skills as most players use proper phonetics etc when relaying information to each other on the battlefield such as coordinates and other reconaissance. You can not respawn as quickly as you can in CoD if you are taken down by enemy fire so staying alive is more crucial than any other war game you have played and you wanna hope you are moving up with a squad that has a medic. The graphics are great, the game is a little glitchy at times and the controls take a little getting used to. I recommend buying this game to any serious war game enthusiasts who want to get as close to war as possible (unless doing paintballing or airgunning), and if you do buy the game - I recommend completing the whole VR Tutorial before actually joining a server or playing the Campaign as you will need to really learn all those different keys that may make the difference in a hairy situation in game.
game-hours: 280.1
review: If you're coming to Arma 3 as an Arma series veteran, you already know what to expect. For the most part, the game hasn't changed since the last installment, but then it's always felt a little bit like Bohemia Interactive are still building on the groundwork laid back in 2001 by Operation Flashpoint, in the world's longest ever game of 'development Buckaroo'. Thankfully, the whole thing has yet to fall to pieces in any significant manner; it's quite happy to continue wobbling uneasily for now. Arma has a reputation. It's known to be frighteningly obtuse, bewilderingly complex, and often hilariously broken. I can tell you right now that Arma 3 is no different, and absolutely still deserves that reputation. Thankfully, I don't think it's unfair to say that this is the closest an Arma game has come to being 'user friendly'. The controls have been tweaked, and the interface refined a little to accommodate more modern tastes. For these improvements alone, I do recommend it to newcomers to the series over any previous entry. Coming from any other modern FPS game, it will still take a good few hours of what can feel an awful lot like hard work to get to grips with the controls, but I honestly think Arma 3 will see a far lower 'drop-out rate' of newbies who were frustrated to the point of giving up by the previous games. At the time of writing, the elephant in the room is the lack of content available. When compared to Arma 2 (which is handsomely bolstered by an array of official expansion packs), the amount of hardware available to play with is frustratingly slim. In many cases, opposing armies are equipped with identical vehicles which get a slightly different paint job at best. For anyone used to the myriad of variants and oddments available in Arma 2, Arma 3 can feel awfully disappointing. Fortunately, this is alleviated to some extent by the strong mod community. It has long been the case that the best parts of the Arma games are the parts not developed by Bohemia Interactive themselves, and Arma 3 is most definitely continuing this 'tradition'. Nevertheless, I can't help but feel that the game could've done with a few months more time in the oven before full public release. Speaking of the mod community, I think it's criminal that almost none of the best, near-indispensible mods from Arma 2 have been officially integrated. For a self-professed 'war simulator', Arma 3 is hugely lacking in basic features like being able to rest your weapon on surfaces (even with a visible bipod), or tow damaged vehicles. For all its flaws, though, Arma 3 is still a blast to play. If you can find a decent group of like-minded gamers with access to a voice-over-net server, you're in for some of the best gaming you'll ever experience. Sure, you'll probably have to load up on mods to satisfy your need for variety. And sure, sometimes the game will crash spectacularly, or the physics engine will flip out and kill you for standing too close to a wall. But when you're standing on a hilltop, looking out over an enemy outpost with your squadmates while a CAS helicopter strafes an enemy APC and spots targets for a distant sniper team; when everything clicks together in the way that only Arma can manage, you'll be glad to have been along for the ride.
game-hours: 98.4
review: Do ya want a game that can give you PTSD?
game-hours: 125.4
review: Fun Fact: 1 in 3 soldiers goes to war without packing any pants.
game-hours: 490.9
review: Where the Battlefield series should have naturally progressed to; a huge multi-faceted, vehicle crammed blood bath with a fantastic community (for the most part). Thankfully this beat Battlefield to it so we don't have to deal with EA to play!
game-hours: 91.0
review: 10/60 frames
game-hours: 269.6
review: For beta neckbeards too fat to join the real army. 10/10
game-hours: 341.6
review: Great military sim/shooter, tons of mods and unlimited possibilities for different types of fun.
game-hours: 323.0
review: nothing beats popping a tire on a road sign and having to walk 10km to the nearest repair kit 10/10 i only really play this when i have a whole afternoon of nothing to do
game-hours: 387.2
review: Stop commenting on my review. EDIT: Get a life.
game-hours: 105.5
review: I hit a tree with a tank then it became a flying projectile 11/10 best tank simulation
game-hours: 485.0
review: This game ruined my life
game-hours: 269.4
review: No one said you have to fight a war with pants on. 10/10
game-hours: 0.1
review: Does CoD allow you to be pinned down for 6 straight hours in a house while you cry hearing screaming and dieing?
game-hours: 50.0
review: What a fantastic game. Well worth the money, buying this is like buying 10 games in one. So much fun to be had and so many mods and different modes to try out. This game looks great and is so fun to play.
game-hours: 833.7
review: This game changed my life i now am able to get all the females
game-hours: 125.2
review: Arma 3 is an amazing game if you play solo, but it truly comes to life when you play it with your friends. Definitely reccomended.
game-hours: 123.6
review: Well , i bought this game on the first Alpha Days , when it was 32.99$. I Really like Strategy (hope i wrote it right) and Simulator games & FPS games. This game Contains many objects and many ways to play , the vanilla has no many weapons nor cars and aircrafts , BUT , there is A BIG BUT , you can use the Workshop on steam to use Maps \ Missions \ other mods to make your playing much more funny and realistic. if you consider spend around 40 - 50$ when it's on sale , do that , on this game of course.
game-hours: 55.7
review: Would quite gladly sleep with this game...
game-hours: 119.3
review: Good, realistic.... f**k it, its ARMA 3-the best game ever 11/10
game-hours: 406.5
review: The only thing in the known universe more addictive than heroin.
game-hours: 83.6
review: Me and a friend ran up to a house because we seen a chemlight and was curious. A guy screamed "Allahu Akbar" really loud, we got scared we ran. 10/10
game-hours: 420.0
review: A great simulator of my home country, Alpacastan. I appreciate the correct modelling of Alpacastanians, and there wonderful law-enforced attire of blue striped shirts, hats, tan shorts, and sandals. I also love the fact that you can recreate traditional Alpacastanian picnics within this great simulator. It always brings tears to my eyes to remember the death of my grandfather, Backwards Cap Guy- he was hit by a car, and then shot by a spy during the Great Cleansing of Stan. RIP, he will be missed. 11 frolicks out of 10.
game-hours: 120.1
review: Someone tried to rob me when i was filling up my truck with gas, he died of dehydration and i stole his pistol and got away. 10/10
game-hours: 445.2
review: Awesome game, great content, brilliant graphics! Would highly recommend this to anyone.
game-hours: 1.0
review: I don't even have this game, why is it allowing me to write a review?
game-hours: 209.3
review: THANKS ARMA 3 FOR TEACHING ME ABOUT THE METRIC SYSTEM.
game-hours: 158.8
review: I HIGHLY recommend this game for any wanting to see the closest thing to real life combat without actually joining the army. Not only does this simulate real military tactics but provides an excellent window of opportunity for clans to really feel like they are in the middle of a war! Friends can get together and act like the Special Forces team that they all wanted when they were little kids! You can even have roleplaying games and custom games such as Cops and Robbers! This is by far my favorite military game of all time! Sure it takes a while to learn about the dangers of not going prone when an enemy comes by or getting major fatigue in the middle of a firefight but it is a SIMULATOR and by far the best one for military standards. I DO NOT recommend this game for the Call of Duty & Battlefield lovers because there is just no simple "respawn" or "run and gun it" situation this is not built for Deathmatches! It is built to be a simulator that simulates real time combat for the hardcore people! There are no killstreaks/CoD type loadouts/simple respawn or scoreboard. If anyone gets mad because this game is just a simulator I only have one thing to say. THIS GAME IS NOT FOR YOU!
game-hours: 586.9
review: If you want to play the best military simulator experience, Arma 3 is your best bet. It has the combat, vehicles, weapons, it has it all. I have played Arma 3 for around 300 hours and it is still fun. There are a variety of different game modes that you can play: such as Wasteland, which is less serious than others; Life servers are for the ones who probably played a lot of DarkRP in Garry's Mod; Insurgency and Domination, they are also good tactically played gamemodes which are sometimes taken a lot seriously. This game gives the feel that YOU are the soldier. YOU are the pilot in that A-164 Wipeout. YOU are the commander of that Hunter GMG. Survive. Adapt. Win. Lovely game, 10/10.
game-hours: 719.7
review: I spent 400 hours playing dress up. 10/10
game-hours: 1383.1
review: This is the best Golf simulator out there. You really can feel the swing in ur whole upper body as you go on killing people with your towed zamak beneath ur transport bird on wasteland sa-matra. And the crowd (victims) goes wild in the global chat 1/2 times you manage to score. This keeps you going for hours and hours. The occasional aa missile hitting you in the side makes for an even more interesting golf course as you will need to "get out of the rough" and repair/re fuel the heli to get back on the fairway 12/10 will golf again
game-hours: 116.4
review: Drove over a snake 10/10
game-hours: 1790.6
review: Military sandbox. Fun. Niche. Terrible game, though. 10 year old engine doesn't do it any good. Would fail immediately if there was any competition.
game-hours: 990.6
review: "The best sandbox war game of the year" Arma 3 is a continuation to the Arma series by Bohemia Interactive, taken to the next level. With increased player control/movement, enhanced mechanics for vehicles, weapon systems (if you buy it), flight models (if you buy it -_-), and much more! The control in tight spaces should be worked on, this is no call of duty, the controls are clunky, but are a vast improvement over the previous installment (arma 2). Another of the top complaints of this game is the NETCODE. It is terrible under load, but again, is much better than arma 2. This game is mostly open source, Meaning that players are able to change almost every aspect of the game from the amount of fog to adding dinosuars into the game. The things you can do are endless and that is it's selling point. Bohemia Interactive leaves the imagining to you and the community to come up with your own story or missions. This game is heavily supported by the modding community and for good reason. The scripting language for ARMA 3 is .sqf, Based off the C++ coding language, but it seems like a little of everything works. (there is alot of things you can do to make somehting work) I have based 4 years of my life modding and playing arma 2 and arma 3, making this my most played game, by a long shot. The best way to play this game is modded and with friends. By it's self, arma is fun, but somewhat bland, but that seems like that was part of the plan... BI (Bohemia Interactive) made the game as basic as possible to allow you and it's users to change it the way they like it! Do I recommend this game? YES! This game has supplied my friends and I countless hours of playtime with new and exciting missions and firefights, and with a few basic mods it has become 400% better than before. 9.2/10
game-hours: 68.9
review: Get the  off Side!
game-hours: 1900.0
review: After 1752 hours of gameplay, 3 created mods, and thousands of written code, I can safely say that ArmA 3 is an incomplete game in its vanilla state. I could only recommend this game if it was ~25-30 dollars. The game is missing a lot of promised features - but it's okay, you can get a fraction of them by paying ANOTHER 15 dollars to get the DLC they released. The DLC which has a whopping 2 helicopters. Yay. This games success is built by the community and I view ArmA 3 as nothing but a platform in which to create things - like lego. The AI is terrible. The lack of content is terrible. The developers woud rather release "new V3S's" for DayZ. ArmA 3 has a better engine than ArmA 2 - but lacks everything else. The DLC is helping out with the content problems...but only if you're willing to pay for what SHOULD HAVE been there. I honestly don't know what more to say...If you're on the fence about purchasing ArmA 3 and don't have a group to play with - I would not purchase this game until it goes on sale. tldr: When this game goes on sale for 10 dollars, buy it and it's dlc. Click link below.
game-hours: 11.1
review: EDIT: Bohemia has been releasing constant updates and stability patches. The game is getting better - but my previous comment stands. I can not justify to anyone who has not played it before at this price. This is a game to pick up on a steam sale & its DLC. My recommendation - do not purchase it until then.
game-hours: 273.9
review: I shot a chicken with a 50 cal sniper rifle and it imploded 10/10
game-hours: 55.4
review: The most comprehensive military sim out there, setting you loose on a massive island with all of the weapons, vehicles and scenarios you could possibly wish for. The game itself has remained almost unchanged since the original Operation Flashpoint, released over 10 years ago. However, of all the iterations, Arma 3 is the one that has improved things the most. These aren't big changes, but merely small gameplay tweaks that make it feel more polished and smooth. Graphically, it's convincing. It isn't always beautiful but it gets the atmosphere of a real place just right and the large view distances are key to making it feel ALIVE. You can tell that the developers did their homework when researching the island that this game is based on (Yup, it is a real place). If you don't know anything about this game, the best word to sum it up with would be 'realistic'. You are a single soldier in a large, real-time conflict. You can die from a single bullet or stray shell and alone you have limited influence over how the battle will go. Expect to be crawling through muddy fields or cowardly hiding behind cover as bullets whiz overhead. Don't expect to behave like Rambo and to survive. I wouldn't consider this game 'complete' just yet- for months they have been rolling out updates and patches and at the time of writing, the main campaign is only 1/3 released. That being said, it's the community that really supports this game. Mods like Dayz show how flexible and open-ended the game can be. Really, Arma 3 can be seen as offering an island and great multiplayer support, letting the community come up with the best content. Personally, I haven't spent much time in the large-scale multiplayer side of things. I prefer playing missions with a friend and those experiences have been enjoyable and memorable. Expect a single objective to take a while and for it to get rather frustrating as you die through seemingly no fault of your own. I've also spent a lot of time simply exploring the large island. Yup, on my own, with no NPCs or other players. I love the sights and sounds. I love exploring over the next mountain, or lounging about on a beach, soaking up the digital rays. I don't expect other people to find that fun and neither does the game- the fantastic mission editor simply opens up countless opportunities for you and I chose one of the most dull and mundane simply to see how much enjoyment I could extract from it. The community is what makes this product what it is. They're serious but loyal and will likely be playing this game for years to come. You'll make good friends if you behave in a sensible and team-worthy fashion and thanks to the Steam workshop support there are thousands of mods and maps to download to boost the number of scenarios the game has to offer. Buying this game is an investment. The developers and community have pledged their loyalty to build it into a must-have title, though it could take several years to reach that stage. Don't expect gameplay that's easy to jump in to, nor should you expect a fun standalone experience. But this game is no COD. By default it's not a mainstream game, but the possibilities it offers you are almost endless.
game-hours: 73.1
review: Much better than the running simulator.
game-hours: 247.5
review: It's like 30 games in one. The mods and scenarios etc are amazing thanks to a great community!
game-hours: 242.0
review: This is quite possibly the most emotional shooter I've ever played, and it's not because of the campaign. Crowd around, children, it's story time. One day, not so long ago, my squad had just destroyed an anti-air battery. Our pilot landed, and the rest of the squad boarded one by one. I was about to get in when the rockets started flying. The chopper lifted off, with my pilot saying that he would return in a few minutes. Unwilling to die before then, I rushed to the nearest cover, a small house by a narrow road. I entered to find a ten year-old player who had also been left behind. He explained that he was a sniper and invited me to join his "clan". I politely declined, explaining that my own squad was inbound. As I finished, a Ghost Hawk flew over the horizon. My squad had arrived. This noble child soldier and I were sprinting to the helicopter when the bullets started hitting. The sniper screamed as a 6.5 mm cartridge entered his leg. His shrieks for help were cut short by one final burst of carbine fire as I climbed in the transport. My new friend was dead. 10/10, would experience survivor guilt again.
game-hours: 0.3
review: shot my friend in the  after saluting and singing the american anthem in a drunken manner god bless murica
game-hours: 365.0
review: Where do i start. This game in all its glory has touched my heart . Ill be honest it's not smooth not for the faint of heart. The animations are smoother then ArmA 2. This game has so many opurtunities. The modding is a bit tricky but once you get the hang of it. THE GAME IS AMAZING.
game-hours: 339.4
review: This game had a whole lot of potential based on the early screenshots, but then Bohemia squandered it when they completely changed everything about it. You can find screenshots jam packed with weapons, attachments, camos, characters, and factions that just do not exist in the game solely because Bohemia wanted to go another course halfway through development. That might have been an accpetable option, except Bohemia didn't fully commit. Because of this, a lot of the game is just copy-pasted nonsesne. Almost all vehicles use the same HMGs, GMGs, and auto-cannons with the only difference being the hull of the vehicle. All static weapons such as the mortar, GPMG, and anti-tank/anti-air missile launcher are the same in different camos for the different factions. There's maybe a total of 15 unique weapons in the game, all of which are divided into classes and inside these classes there is no variety. An example of this is the MX and Katiba. These each have their respective variants in the CQB, regular, grenadier, and DMR roles, but each one of them is the exact same. They have the same ballistics, same damage, same recoil, same magazine capacity (even though the MX has a much longer, thicker mag than the Katiba,) and hell, even the same round! Take a look back at ArmA II, you'll notice that each faction has their own ups and downs as far as weapons and vehicles go, but in ArmA III everything feels the exact same and in MANY cases it IS the exact same. They couldn't add a different auto-cannon for each faction, but they sure could add six different fedoras and civilian outfits for you to wear! Another moronic decision on the part of the devs was to place the game in the future WITHOUT actually adding any futuristic content. Any and all futuristic content was scrapped early on in the development process and then they started adding things that "look futuristic." The Merkava replaces the M1A2 Abrams tank in the least sensible move since Jimmy Carter running for a second term, the Bradley is replaced by the Namer, another Israeli tank, and come to think of it, this entire game is a showcase for Israel. This doesn't make any sense at all in the current iteration of the game where it's spread out amongst all factions, but it made a lot of sense in the original story when Israel was annexed by CSAT and CSAT started using Israeli made weapons and vehicles to supplement their Soviet-made equipment from yester-year. This is a great example why they should've committed to the original story rather than stray away from the original path and create this jumbled mess of a game. When you get down to the core of it all, all that matters is the gameplay. Unfortunately, that is horrendous, too. The game feels like they watched Rambo on repeat for six weeks straight because instead of combat being fast paced and short lived like it was in in ArmA II, combat is now based on who is a bigger bullet sponge. Players can routinely take six or seven shots before dying, even two shots to the head sometimes does not kill! Full auto is now glorified and not using it is almost a sin because if you don't you're going to be the one in a body-bag. Seriously, they took a simulator game and turned it into Call of Duty. The encumberance system is another horrible mess. Seriously, your character is not fit for military shape because he can't sprint for more than 20 seconds in full combat load without needing a five minute break, and good luck hitting anything once the enemy has fired a shot in the opposite direction, because your guy is apparently in his first firefight and is already reaching for his entrenching tool to dig all the way to China and is shaking harder than Michael J. Fox with a cold. Another noticable feature of this game is how poorly optimized it is. Seriously, even with a good gaming rig your online experience will be riddled with framerate drops and, at times, outright freeze-framing. All in all, I would not recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of the ArmA series, because what you will find is far and away from the usual experience.
game-hours: 154.7
review: This is a review
game-hours: 17.1
review: Smashed into a sign with a military truck, broke everything 11/10 Would eat nachos with.
game-hours: 196.4
review: Im an ARMA fan, but ARMA 3 is one of the best looking games i've played. The size of the maps and the variety of what you can do is amazing. Recomended the game is just f*!@#$% awesome!!!
game-hours: 58.0
review: i want to love it so so much, but the fact remains that i get over 120 FPS on single player and only 25-35 FPS for multiplayer. i know it's not my fault because my computer is a sexy devil. i know some of it depends on the server. that is a fact yes... but another fact would be "unless your running your own server or playing on a server VERY close to your location, you can't achieve 60 Constant or better, FPS. and i just can't deal with that in 2015. im sure alot of others feel the same way as i do and thats why i cannot recommend ARMA:3 to anybody wanting to server hop around. i would say this game is stricly for single player OR playing a private server with a few of your friends whom live close to you. ^ i will clearify that this is only MY case, so if the above doesnt apply to you , don't rage at me instantly, be happy. because you play servers that you connect to very well. and for that im straight up jelious, if i had one wish it would be to have this game, but with as good as frame rates as arma 2 or even dayz standalone. it literally hurts my feelings that this game is such a letdown. thus all said, if you LOVE arma:3 as much as i do, play some COOP with your friends or play singleplayer. you still get amazing FPS if you have a good computer. however i do not think this game is worth $60, perhaps wait for a massive steam sale. this is my reveiw and i most certainly not recommend ARMA:3 without love for singleplayer/small private servers.
game-hours: 702.6
review: If you are an Arma fan, this game will change all that. When you spen 60$ and your computer can't run it, It will be because your computer is crappy. When you are disappointed in the complete lack of content compared to other Arma games, you will be called spoiled. When there is nothing to do offline, no point or story it's because it's still in the works even though it's a full release. When you can't eek out better than 10FPS no matter what your specs, it's because you didn't tweak enough. When you can't find a server to play on it's because you don't know the right clan. When you do get on a server and it lags, greifs and glitches, it's because you play on crappy servers. When you don't think it's realistic, it's not a sim. When you cant have any shoot'em up fun like BF it's because it is a sim. When all your other games run like a champ and are fun but not Arma3, it's not fair to compare. When you voice any of the above views here or the BI Forums you are a liar.
game-hours: 329.6
review: "Children play Call of Duty, Boys play Battlefield, MEN PLAY ARMA."
game-hours: 497.4
review: Arma is a series that has always had my intense fascination. I cut my teeth on the early Tom Clancy games, Rainbow 6 and Ghost Recon, so I was no stranger to the concept of a hard infantry sim. I've followed Arma since its inception as Operation Flashpoint, and I have grown to love the series like no other. There are portions of Arma 3 that are more boring than watching grass grow, as you sit in vehicles or tromp around on foot for endless minutes. The real meat of the game though, lies in what can turn into thirty seconds to five minutes of pure chaos. Firefights don't have the corridor of meat puppets that games like CoD or other mainstream shooters have to offer. There are no meticulously rendered setpieces. Instead, everything outside of radio chatter might as well be freeform. You draw attention from a chopper while infiltrating a base, they radio out to a mechanized squad that sends an infantry fighting vehicle armed with a 40mm machinegun. The ground churns around you and your own team as fire and shrapnel turn a stealth mission into a desperate fight for survival. These are things that happen in this utterly unforgiving, but satisfying game. This isn't a series for the squeamish, and this surely isn't a series where you expect instant health regeneration while you duck down out of the way from canned enemy fire. You will learn to fear the sound of a faint crack in the distance or the recognizable drone of a gunship approaching. Enemy man, 100m, bearing 045 Ready to fire
game-hours: 1503.9
review: Successfully vaulted my way up a big rock. Shortly after I slid down the rock and fell to my death. 10/10 realistic rock physics.
game-hours: 426.0
review: I'm a huge fan of the series (since the good old operation flashpoint), but now i'm hugely disappointed by what public multiplayer has already become! Arma was a Military Simulator aimed for those who like the genre, 90% of public servers today are RPG. For me Altis Life is the plague of ArmA... There needs to be a forced filter to remove them from the server browser. To get that real 'Arma' experiance nowadays you need to play with friends or join a group/clan... No way to get the real Arma experience on public servers. (Sorry for my poor English)
game-hours: 3.6
review: Downloaded Arma, and then opened it. Proceeded to do a horrible tutorial, but after that, it was just beautiful. Opened an RPG server, and ran 2 miles to get to an atm, and ran 2 miles to a shady car salesman. Bought a car, spent the next half hour trying to figure out how to actually get into it. After I finally managed to glitch into it, I underestimated it's ability to travel at light speed, which in turn caused me to crash into a wall. After that, my car was a smoking mess, with a top speed that a sloth could outdo. 10/10 would crash again
game-hours: 672.2
review: Arma 3 is a lot of fun. I say this as someone who enjoys the following elements in games that I devote a lot of time to: Extensive, detailed cooperative play, and realism/immersion. If you're going to Arma looking to play the next Counterstrike or whatever, you're going to walk away disappointed. Arma is more of a simulator than a casual shooter, and yes, there is Wasteland which is basically a worldwide deathmatch sandbox, and Arma 2 had DayZ (Which let's face it, is also a boring deathmatch sandbox with the inclusion of zombies), but to get the most out of an Arma game, you need to approach it for its strengths - the simulation aspect. You can play solo as a member of a squad (Depending on the mission - finding good missions can be a little tricky), or command AI using some non-traditional, but with some practice, easy to understand commands and play it like more of a strategy game. In multiplayer, COOP is king in my opinion, but you can have large scale team-vs-team PVP which is a lot of fun as well. I admin a server that runs a large-scale coop mission 24/7 and it never fails to impress and challenge because the AI is smart enough in Arma games to allow for emergent gameplay - they'll flank, they'll fall back, they'll improvise, and it's different every time and you have to think. The engine takes some getting used to compared to the average shooter, but Arma 3 specifically is far less buggy than other Bohemia games have been. Being different isn't a reason in and of itself to dismiss it though. If you're used to other games or approach it like a shooter, you might be annoyed with it, but if you give it time and learn it (and I can't stress enough how important it is to play a good mission in a coop setting to get the most out of it), it's hard to put down. Some of the best gaming experiences I've had have been a product of this game engine in coop with dozens of other people, and you owe it to yourself to give it a shot. Treat it like a strategy game or simulation that has shooting involved, not like a CounterStrike-Of-Dutyfield alike. Also steam sale so why the hell not?
game-hours: 10.6
review: I bought the game a day before it went on sale :|
game-hours: 4.6
review: Take Arma 2, fix the bugs, give it some of the best graphics in gaming, and you get Arma 3, once more modders get stuck into this game it will be a must have for sure.
game-hours: 196.9
review: running running running running shooting missing dieing
game-hours: 864.8
review: I remember playing this game after getting a taste of Arma 2 and i was so disappointed. I joined a Invade and anex server and got killed over and over by the super op aim hack AI. I was just about to rage quit, when one of the server group members asked me if i wanted to join their squad to play with them. They told me what to do and after an hour i got the sweet taste of Arma team play. I joined the group after a while and started playing user made missions with mods and holy . It has been the best year of gaming i have ever had. If you like millitary tactics and teamplay, Arma is right up your alley. It is not like any of the big fps's out there, you don't feel like a action movie super soldier. You feel just as vulnerable as the other guy on the receiving end of your barrel. If you are ever going to play this for the milsim part of the game, get yourself a group to play with. Nr. one advice. I watch this every time I wonder why i play arma and I just want more:
game-hours: 42.5
review: Great game. I use the editor for DayZ cinematics. Actually I don't really know how the game is. If I ever play it, I play Altis Life. But I know a  load about the editor. 9/10
game-hours: 2955.6
review: Arma 3 is everything that I have ever wanted within a simulation shooter. I purchased it in Alpha and I was completely unaware of the amount of gameplay possibilites! You can go all out and re-create a real life scenario with the simplified editor layout, you could role-play on one of many open world servers, or you could just jump on a CO-OP server and use teamwork to destroy your enemy.. I had never played an Arma game until now and I have no regrets whatsoever for purchasing Arma 3 in Alpha and watching the game progress as it has. You would be a fool to not buy this game during any type of sale!!! The reason I really love this game is because it incorporates three of my favorite games from "years ago". Those games being "Choplifter", Arma 3 has an AMAZING 3D Version with so many more options and settings and you can carry actual players and fuel/damage/ammo...ah, so good. The first game I played, some guy was screaming at me to get in the chopper, and as we arrived to the LZ I heard the pilot say, "Good Luck guys", and I was completely blown away!! I thought that it was an AI pilot! The second, "Black Hawk Down" for pc from like 99', the PVP is so much similar but way better. Last but not least, "Battlezone2", that was my favorite game of all time as a kid with custom base building and defending your base. I recommend finding a community as soon as you get into Arma 3, you will instantly become immersed into the game with a full community of people from all around the world. Arma 3 is a great action packed shooter with lot of simulation aspects, a ton of different gamplay styles and gametypes, and a great place to make friends that will take you to a new level in the Steam community. More friends more fun..... WIN WIN! And the Mods! End of Story..... See you in the battle soldiers! Be sure to get it before 2015 rolls around, "Make Arma Not War" is going to add so much and I have high hopes for the future of Arma 3.
game-hours: 36.0
review: Within 24 hours of buying this game, I have played 14.2 hours. I'm pretty sure it's good
game-hours: 1.4
review: Great military simulation. Definitely proves me that I don't belong in the military because of my poor eyesight and bad map reading. 9/10
game-hours: 12.4
review: Thank you Bohemia Interactive for confirming my beliefs that you have lost it. I am not paying $15 for helicopters. Get ed.
game-hours: 171.9
review: Got killed in the Bootcamp prolouge. 11/10 Game of the Year.
game-hours: 524.4
review: This game made me ejaculate so violently and explosively that I blacked out, waking up two weeks later with my house being robbed and my body being stripped down completely bare. The only thing the robbers didn't take was my computer, so I dragged my crusty, naked body over to my desk and started playing Arma 3 again. 11/10
game-hours: 265.1
review: This game is buy far the best game i have played in awhile it is so much fun and has so many different options that have been so much fun toplay
game-hours: 379.4
review: Amazing Game, you all need to pick this up if you like realistic combat. Harsh for any new player to master but when you get the the feel of the game and master the controls it's great fun!
game-hours: 1314.7
review: This is a game with unlimited opportunities, and the only limit is your imagination. It's a one-of-its-kind game that has no equal. If you are able to forgive it's flaws (which do become less with each patch, and there has been a lot of development going on), you will get a game that will keep you hooked for years.
game-hours: 57.5
review: So where do I start!! Review is below please read all before passing judgement :) I'm so so so disappointed :( I bought a PC again after a massive 8 year PC break when I moved to console in very late 2006 . I bought an Xbox 360 which I owned for almost 6 years then only 13months ago I moved too XBox One had it for 4 months and thought get rid of this piece of junk and use the money I get and put it towards a new Gaming PC so june this year (2014) I bought a PC. Anyway so I bought a PC with one thing in my mind "Yes it will be like the old days I will join back up with my clan" I was with almost 7 years ago. I enjoyed countless hours days weeks years with the lads on Operation Flashpoint : Cold War, Arma and then Arma 2. I was in the AirCorps for them "GOL" clan they are called so I signed up for them cause I forgot my password (come on its been 7 years ago) and used the same name as I was back in 2006 ish 'GOL Tactical' I thought wow its been that long I was wiped from there system :) Anyway LT Chris didnt know how I was so I mentioned a few names to him and that were old clan memebers and he stopped talking for a split second "are its you Bloody knife" (which was my original name before changing to GOL Clan when I )was expected) The guy that made me start an AirCorps. I was so excited to be back sadly most of the old memebers werent around (god I sound like a child Im' 25). Sorry for all the text above :) I just wanted you/people to know that I've played Arma before for alot longer than most 7 years straight. I bet most reading this didnt know about Operation Flashpoint was originally part of the same team that is today currently making Amra still today. Anyway present day 30/12/2014 The Review I'm sorry but the Arma I grew up to love is just not the same Arma! Arma 3 is like to me the Call Of Duty of today every childs dream, its the game that they must have otherwise your not cool etc although that last statment isn't true for Arma franchise it only came extemely popular in like 2007 to early 2008. Thats how much I love or sould I say loved Arma it was my goto game whenever I was bored I would talk about Arma when I was at school when I was with anyone, as soon as I got in Lets play Arma whenever I had spare time Lets Play Arma I even bunked/skipped days of school to play more. I just didnt get bored of Arma or Arma 2 or Operation Flashpoint Cold Assault if I'm honest it consumed all of my early teens and into my late teens. Yes a full 7 years of my life I was coming up to be 19 and on my birthday I bought a Xboxb 360, go and read the above for a full discription :) So the Arma I knew was a realistic military simulator the best simulator infact but Arma 3 what have you done you've gone slightly futurisitc. Why? Its a military sim how can you simulate something that isnt even made yet keep it with the real life stuff that is used today you at least in my eyes have ruined my childhood game thanks Bohemia Interactive and 555 games thanks a bunch. It isnt all bad though its just because of my history with the game as you can tell they are many happy customers giving good reviews. But if Arma 1 and 2 and 2.5 is anything to go by hopefully they are modders out there that feel the same way as me and remove all the futuristic stuff and replace with Real Equipment Weapons etc that are used today If you got this far thanks for reading and dont base the game of my review its just because of my history with the game. The core components are there with what I can assume is realistic simulation its just not me furturisitc stuff in a Simulator you cant call it a sim in my eyes anyway. So as you can tell I dont recommend this game. Even the it almost hurts to say it : (
game-hours: 431.1
review: Any arma 2 player will enjoy the engine updates but as of now it is lacking content compared to arma 2 but it is slowly getting there. Great mods and great updates.
game-hours: 2259.0
review: This game is awsome. Luv the graphics and with the right team work game is fun.
game-hours: 775.6
review: This game offers a lot. And I mean A LOT. You can download endless missions made from the community workshop and play with strategy with your friends or run around half naked and dance around. Or you could roleplay and buy an ATM from all the drug money you earned in Altis Life. Or have races with friends in Karts. This game is an Army Simulator, but it's great for modding which let's you do more things. Now, this game isn't something like COD or Battlefield, it takes strategy and tactics and patience. If you come from these games it will be harder to get into fast. Although if you play through the campaign it will help you get used to the game. Please don't think the warfare in this game is just pew pew pew, die, respawn, repeat. It takes skill. Altis is a very big map, you can drive around for what seems like forever in this beautiful map. There is forestry, a lot of ocean, desert, grassland, etc. There is also Stratis, a smaller, more wastelandish and deserty than Altis. You need a good PC to run this game. I usually get around 45 fps on online servers, around 60 on single player or games with small amounts of people in it. Overall, this game has a ton of things to do and you can't get bored of it. I give it a 9.5/10
game-hours: 334.4
review: Welcome to the future, where 30 years from now current weapons and equipment such as the MATV,Fennik,IWI Tavor and Negev,Cheytac .408,M14 EBR,Merkava battle tank and littlebird will still be in use with different names and no real world upcoming technologies such as power armor,airburst launchers, VTOL aircraft, and infantry HUD will have any presence on the battlefield what so ever. Also weapons cancelled years ago such as the Commanche helicopter will be readopted generations later and renamed to avoid copyright issues. Enjoy a convulted control set up where in the heat of battle you will enter the steam control panel,trying to set a machinegun to auto fire will reset to semi when entering a truck or changing weapons or enjoy running over a chicken wire fence with a multi-ton truck will disable it to a halt. Also enjoy advertisements in game to buy over priced DLC if you move near some of the helicopters that cost 16 USD when the devs got drunk and thought they were devs programing pay content for World of Tanks or Warthunder. Don't buy unless you want to play the userbase made game modes suxh as Wasteland,King of the Hill, or Breaking point, the only thing worth playing with this software.
game-hours: 3.3
review: It's good. 10/10 IGN?
game-hours: 1919.8
review: BESTEST GAME EVER SINCE BATTLEFIELD2! yes, I said it =) If you played BF2 and you loved it, but hated all its successors... Arma3 is the deal. This game is what should`ve followed BF2, it`s pure, awesome, tough and unforgiving warfare. It`s NOT made for easy (or rather noobish) play, you can`t run for a mile and expect to be able to shoot straight the instance you stop running; you can`t either fly your AttackHelicopter slamming into trees and buildings along the way and expect to be alive... ArmA does not do that, you die, you get hurt, in any case, you do stupid stuff... you will pay for it. It`s a Mil-Sim, not an Arcade-Shooter like all the other "tripleA" titles out there: you want a challenge? - get ArmA3! you want realistic movement? - get ArmA3! you want realistic weaponshandling? - get ArmA3! you want honest (!) and hard working developers? - get ArmA3! you want a game with HUNDREDS (or more) mods to chose from as you like? - get ArmA3! you want your own skill to be the baseline on how your play has influence on the battle/game? - get ArmA3! By all the good stuff mentioned, it`s only fair to tell about bad/unfortunate things Arma3 offers: This game needs a good CPU, not an ok one, a good CPU... and a fair amount of tweaking to get it run somewhat smoothly. And for MultiPlayer: Client`s performance is dependant on Server`s performance, you can have a beast computer, but if the server you play on sucks, your fps will suck aswell. You`ll have to learn this game before you can be really good at it... and then when you`re good, Arma3 is deeply satisfying. Just for personal comparison: I now have more hours of Arma3 playtime (1500h+), than ALL hours of ALL Battlefields I`ve played over the years combined! Thats the message, yes =) AND IT DOESNT GET BORING YET!!!
game-hours: 296.0
review: Game requires several gigabytes of modding to be playable. Gun sway is obnoxious, optical glare is like looking through an instagram beer glass and although in real life soldiers can carry up to 40kg in a firefight, the characters lose stamina and said gun sway worsens to musket-levels of pinpoint accuracy. Not to mention there is actually no stamina bar or notification, you simply hear him moan incessently. The game is expensive and some of the vehicles and equipment in the game is classed as separate DLC's which you need to buy to pilot or use. Despite the hefty price of Arma 3, you can expect the ratio price of the DLC's to be roughly 20 percent of Arma 3's original cost. The helicopter DLC, for instance, contains only two helicopters and a "realism" mode which worsens your ability to fly for your viewing pleasure. They, the creators of a military simulator, also randomly brought in a DLC that lets you race around in a go-kart. No, I don't know why either. You can indeed exchange attachments on weapons except bipods and front-grips - no one really knows why they discriminated. Not to mention said bipods serve absolutely no purpose and without a mod you cannot deploy your weapon on any environment be it bipod, edge of a window or bonnet of a car. The body armour does indeed seem to affect your lethality but again there is no indication anywhere what is more armoured and what is less armoured., what weighs more, what weighs less. Many of the "futuristic" weapons on Arma 3 are actually cancelled weapons systems deemed inferior in real life (AH-99 Blackfoot) or don't actually exist (such as T-100 Varsuk) making the game incredibly peculiar. It's also extremely difficult to host a server for your friends to play and will require third-party software such as a server host plus hamachi or equivelant software. The experience is stunningly frustrating and can easily consume three hours of your time learning the game's scripting language simply to run the game or create a respawn point. Queue irritating slurring youtube tutorials by semi-conscious d1ckh3ads who can't get to the fuc king point. Buildings are only superficially destructible, they won't crumble but they will undergo scripted morphing turning magically into ruins.Tanks can also be defeated by a farmer's three foot stonewall. Yes. And collisions cause the game physics to dart you away hundreds of metres even in a tank sometimes. Overrall I would rate this game as being lower than the temperature of outer space. Arma 2 including its DLC'S have major flaws but the replayability is immense and covers actual modern weapons. And whilst Arma 3 experienced the longest most buggy alpha-staging in Earth's entire gaming history, Bohemia's employees were arrested for espionage because they thought it would be smart to send two work employees on tourist visas for a little bromance "coincidently" where they were basing Altis on and started taking pictures of actual military bases there. What the fu ck were they thinking? Ridiculous, ludicrous. Don't buy this game. The Iranian soldiers also look like bugmen or bumble-bees.
game-hours: 447.5
review: Adolf Hitler (German: [adlf htl]; 20 April 1889  30 April 1945) was an Austrian-born German politician and the leader of the Nazi Party (German: Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei (NSDAP); National Socialist German Workers Party). He was chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945 and dictator of Nazi Germany (as Fhrer und Reichskanzler) from 1934 to 1945. Hitler was at the centre of Nazi Germany, World War II in Europe, and the Holocaust. Hitler was a decorated veteran of World War I. He joined the German Workers' Party (precursor of the NSDAP) in 1919, and became leader of the NSDAP in 1921. In 1923, he attempted a coup in Munich to seize power. The failed coup resulted in Hitler's imprisonment, during which time he wrote his memoir, Mein Kampf (My Struggle). After his release in 1924, Hitler gained popular support by attacking the Treaty of Versailles and promoting Pan-Germanism, antisemitism, and anti-communism with charismatic oratory and Nazi propaganda. Hitler frequently denounced international capitalism and communism as being part of a Jewish conspiracy. Hitler's Nazi Party became the largest elected party in the German Reichstag, leading to his appointment as chancellor in 1933. Following fresh elections won by his coalition, the Reichstag passed the Enabling Act, which began the process of transforming the Weimar Republic into the Third Reich, a single-party dictatorship based on the totalitarian and autocratic ideology of National Socialism. Hitler aimed to eliminate Jews from Germany and establish a New Order to counter what he saw as the injustice of the post-World War I international order dominated by Britain and France. His first six years in power resulted in rapid economic recovery from the Great Depression, the denunciation of restrictions imposed on Germany after World War I, and the annexation of territories that were home to millions of ethnic Germans, actions which gave him significant popular support. Hitler actively sought Lebensraum ("living space") for the German people. His aggressive foreign policy is considered to be the primary cause of the outbreak of World War II in Europe. He directed large-scale rearmament and on 1 September 1939 invaded Poland, resulting in British and French declarations of war on Germany. In June 1941, Hitler ordered an invasion of the Soviet Union. By the end of 1941 German forces and their European allies occupied most of Europe and North Africa. Failure to defeat the Soviets and the entry of the United States into the war forced Germany onto the defensive and it suffered a series of escalating defeats. In the final days of the war, during the Battle of Berlin in 1945, Hitler married his long-time lover, Eva Braun. On 30 April 1945, less than two days later, the two committed suicide to avoid capture by the Red Army, and their corpses were burned. Under Hitler's leadership and racially motivated ideology, the regime was responsible for the genocide of at least 5.5 million Jews, and millions of other victims whom he and his followers deemed racially inferior.
game-hours: 2442.8
review: Haven't played much of the base game, but Altis life is addictive as hell and well worth the money.
game-hours: 891.9
review: g
game-hours: 1.4
review: Got 15 FPS to listen to two people scream at new players while we made a tactical blob of human bodies and drowned the enemy in our own corpses. 10/10 best Napoleanic war simulator.
game-hours: 1.4
review: Got 15 FPS to listen to two people scream at new players while we made a tactical blob of human bodies and drowned the enemy in our own corpses. 10/10 best Napoleanic war simulator.
game-hours: 4.3
review: Is this the best complete, realistic, beautiful, smart game ever created? possibly yes.
game-hours: 901.1
review: Cannot and will not stop playing. Logged over 850 hours and still going strong. The game never had a lot going on for a while but with all the fine tweeking Bohemia have done and are still doing which in turn is allowing some really fantastic mods to either port over form Arma 2 or Ones that are completely new come onto the scene. With all the current DLC and the Marksman DLC on its way plus the winners of Make Arma Not War announced there has never been a better time to get on and get stuck in. Whether its life you're into, base building on Wasteland/Epoch or just blowing and shooting the hell out of stuff on King Of The Hill, If zombies is your thing try Breaking Point (These being the most popular) , If you cannot find something you like then you are doing it wrong. But i will not sugar coat it too much but it can be a steep learning curve for those new to the game and yes there are performance issues for some and it can be a challenge for some rigs but the game is still good at 30fps or dare i say it even 25(from personal experience). There are many forums with tips, tweeks and setups that can help you get the most from your Arma experience. It may take a little bit of time but it is worth it.
game-hours: 9.5
review: Its decent
game-hours: 97.2
review: Much better than Call of Duty and Battlefield. This game does a very great job in immersing you into the environment. Your team A.I. can get killed leaving you the only one left in the squad. The bullets snap and whiz around you. There are many choices of vehicles to choose from all with different roles and abilities. Kinda wish there were more guns that's just my opinion but the fewer choices bring simplicity in the game. The underwater subs and scuba suits are also very awesome, totally wished they had sharks that would bring some thrills. Also the graphics over all are sexy all over, pleasing your eyes with ic glee.
game-hours: 231.2
review: So I'm in a wedged formation with my team, moving through the woods in the middle of a sunny day. I'm caring a heavy load of gear. I pant and gasp as I struggle to wade quickly through the grass, as I carry many grenades on my back. That's not the most of my worries, though. My team and I are planning to back up a team to attack and control Gina, a village just up the forest. My CO talks urgently through his radio. "Jackson...Jackson, do you read? What's your location?" The team leader panics, and exclaims we push on with the mission even though the second team will not respond. We pull around a corner and find ourselves trapped between two ridgelines. A collection of friendly bodies lay infront of us. "Damnit, Jackson's down! Doc, go check on him, the rest of you, covering fire!" It's a scenario that is frequently played out in many shooters, although in this scenario, it was different. We had the disadvantage, we were trapped, and the enemy was hundreds of meters away from us. We could not tell where the bullets where coming from, and we had to stay down low and hope we weren't hit. This is realistic combat; probably the best I've played. Even in a game that seems like a buggy, glitchy and poorly made simulator, I felt far more immersed then every other war game I've played. The graphics, for such a large scale in this game, are stunning. Compared to Arma 2, the movement, lighting, and weapons systems are all vastly improved. The sheer amount of content such as mods and other tools and missions in this game are vast, and I feel like it was perfectly worth the 60 dollars I dumped on it. This game is possibly the best war based video game I've played.
game-hours: 428.5
review: There is a notion of this game i can't figure out. This game is an all around mess and an all around success in all aspects. Many call it a finished product and a BLAST to play and some call it an unplayable mess which involves complete "hyper realistic fails". So who is right? Well, this game appeals to both an arcade style audience willing to get action and combat at extreme levels and also to the hardened clan fighting veteran focused on mods which improve gameplay and add features to the game to improve and keep game experiences fresh. In this game however, having played it for solid hours on end, these moments which I had did not come naturally. For a game to acheive its scale and realism to levels as in ARMA 3 is by no means accepted to all in this generation. Not trying to put my old man cap on here but to play games like DayZ and ARMA you can't expect double kills and planes and cars to appear at the spawn. The PMC's of advanced warfare didn't appear in the army for just being strong and chosen. To play ARMA, it is the same as DayZ (although not as boring) and all "running simulators". And I don't mean to scare you by saying to have to run to Pygros from Kavala with broken legs. What I mean is the same principle that you DON'T start as a badass, and if that is your playstyle just don't play it or convince yourself that you can take the heat. Stories have to be made with extreme disiplinary acts in this game. And how do you get those? Well here are the steps. 1. THIS GAME TAKES SOME ING BALLS TO GET WHERE YOU NEED TO GO. This can always be avoided (LOL not really) some way or another through the vast expanse of gamemodes like wasteland, and joining a realsim unit is all acceptable for even the hardest MLG sniper to learn what this game is about. But this part cannot be let go. In parts where the game is about serious progression, you CAN'T be the one crying for someone to give you a chance because you are being a little  cat. To be the general, you gotta go through West Point first. 2. THIS GAME WILL BRING YOU DOWN TO YOUR ING KNEES AND WILL ALWAYS  WITH YOU. So, how do not let this happen? Well you really ING can't. It all happens in a matter where if you are in the right place at the right time which perfectly demonstrates how this game IS SUPPOSED TO BE. This is why you need to be with a team of people who know what they are doing and know exactly WHAT THE HELL is going on, or be daring and be alone, being a target, and dying. Just like in an animal world. So treat it like that. Hunt or be hunted, kill or be killed, the strong only survive. Because this is no FPS that you have ever seen and before buying this, you have to know what is coming for your soul. Oh, but I have decided to roast your  again by saying that this game is amazing fun. "Oh, but you said it took a long time and was boring." 3. SHUT THE HELL UP AND LISTEN TO ME. Because if you don't you will die. This game, has changed my perspective on what it is. Well, what is this game? What does it offer? What are you in for? To be honest, this game is really a test of mentality. This game is really to see what you do in dire situations of disaster, catastrophe, military occupation, and survival. This can tie in to thinking of this game as an animal world like I said before. To live, you have to be familiar with your surroundings, familiar with the weapons, and all around just knowing WHAT THE  YOU ARE DOING. Because this game is never merciful and is always working against you as said in my other steps above. So how can you alter this? You can't. You can't change the future. You can't CHANGE your actions in this game. Because it defeats the whole purpose.
game-hours: 1351.6
review: I've never encountered a better military simulation game. It goes beyond "shooter" when played with a good realism cooperative group, with some good missions. Excellent title.
game-hours: 32.2
review: Takes some practice to be good at this, and a lot more practice to work tactically as a team, But nothing is more rewarding than moving fluidly as a unit and getting things done without losing a single teammate. Once you get the tactics down you will then be able to fully enjoy this game. 8/10
game-hours: 612.7
review: Entre jogar se tiver bastante tempo. Entrar um pouquinho nem vale a pena!
game-hours: 80.1
review: 11/10 raided an AAF base in my undies
game-hours: 710.1
review: ArmA III, the fourth game in the ArmA series, if we include the original Operation Flashpoint as well. Many mainstream 'FPS gamers' complain about ArmA's style, because it's unique? That's exactly why I love this game. You really have to find patience and a learning curve to this game. But once you have control over the game, you'll find tons of enjoyable content. You'll find yourself playing around with the editor, campaign with great storyline, 2 beautiful islands to explore, customizable gear, multiplayer fun as well as serious gameplay. What else do you want? Yeah it might have some bugs and lag. But, if you look back at ArmA 2, not many complained about it though ArmA 3 is highly improved from the previous title. ArmA is a huge game that you will be playing for years to come. You'll always find ways to emerge into ArmA's gameplay. It's ultimately up to you to be creative. Because of Bohemia Interactive's hard work on unique warfare gameplay, and immersive experience, I'd give it 9/10 :)
game-hours: 552.0
review: After building on their signature game engine Bohemia has truly put forward a simulation gem with Arma 3 that no other game franchise has even come close to matching. This is where you hit the dirt, and find that bullets aren't all warning shots, and that the blood on your face can't be waited out, but that bullets will kill you, and that you'll have to wipe that blood off yourself. While it still isn't the most stable engine a game has run on, it's the most advanced one I know of, with all the trimmings of environment that effect the battle and without all the crashes of Battlefield 4. Bohemia has brought the Arma series to it's highest point ever, and it's playability has been increased 200%. I can't reccomend this game to everyone, but there's one great lesson learned in my time with Arma; I've ended missions in other games seemingly covered in blood, wearing a bandana and sporting no shirt but instead a big sculpted chest and a BFG in each hand... And yet, I'd rather I could just make it home with a mission well done and all of my team safe and sound... This is what Arma is... It's fighting a real fight, where you have to pace yourself and hold your breath, where a bullet in the face can kill a man regardless of whether he's controlled by a player or an AI. It's using your map, intel and wits to determine the best angle of attack on an enemy position, and sighing in relief when you find out later that you picked a good entry point. It's being truly tense, when you lie hiding in the bushes, hoping the MRAP with a GMG turret didn't spot you when it's lights passed over you, and hoping that you can get everyone home safe at the end of the day. Hundreds of hours into this game, I have yet to be bored even on the most patiently conducted sniper missions. There's a satisfying reward in every mission in this game, and maybe that's because you really have to work to make it out alive. Seriously, put on your boots because as far as a game goes, this is as close as it gets. This is Arma, and there is nothing else like it. ~Valtros
game-hours: 18.1
review: Got this game 3 days ago goes half off today 11/10 would waste $30 extra dollars again
game-hours: 971.9
review: Download enough mods and it starts to get good again.
game-hours: 419.2
review: When I first got it, I was disappointed. But after discovering the vast amount of mods and customization with the editor, I haven't stopped playing. 9.5/10
game-hours: 208.9
review: I've never played any ARMA before ARMA 3. I really didn't know what to expect. I was somewhat, bewildered, you could say. This game is a pretty difficult one to learn. Even as i'm still learning the game, there is a never a moment I regret buying this title. 100% worth it, good quality, good community(modding community as well), and excellent gameplay. What are you waiting for?? Buy this game, and be amazed by its wonders.
game-hours: 212.5
review: The ultimate military simulator that you can actually afford. Highly customizable but comes with a learning curve. Has a lively public community in the forms of Altis Life roleplay or instant-action King of the Hill, but for the real experience you should find a clan or community to play missions with.
game-hours: 5.6
review: One of the best simulation Game great ambient so immersive & the other Mod just special i recomanded Battle Royal , you need absolutly try this mod incredible experiences..
game-hours: 74.3
review: operators and operating accessorites
game-hours: 11.3
review: Arma III Altis First Experiance. -Joined a session. -Figured out how to spawn in. -Spawned in. -Walked around for aproximatly 17 seconds. -Car came. -Car went. -Walked around for a further 12 seconds. -Another car came! -Three guys stepped out. -Fully geared. -I was their . -I got into the car. -Cried. -Cried a little more. -Thought about my life a little bit. -Pressed space bar twice. -Died. GG M8 I R8 8/8
game-hours: 214.8
review: Watching friends fly helicopters for the first time. 10/10.
game-hours: 261.2
review: Easily my favourite game right now. While there is less content than ARMA 2 right now, BIS is continually adding more. This game is definitely not for your typical CoD kiddy as it takes patience and strategy which all adds into the experience. The biggest thing for me is that this is a community game. BIS has simply provided a platform where the community makes limitless mods and missions for the user to enjoy. Speaking of mods, THEY ARE AWESOME! Anything from radio mods, to sound mods, to vehicle and weapon additions, and even entire new maps and game mods (there's even a mech warrior mod). The immersion in this game is great and I would highly reccomend taking the time to join a community. Doing this, you'll gain access to the real ARMA experience and not Atlis Life/Wastelands. Community events are great and there's basically one out there that would suit any player. Lastly, this game supports multiple control inputs which is a HUGE plus for me. For example I have essentially 5 control inputs: keyboard, mouse, Track IR, joystick/hotas, and steering wheel/pedals. They all work seemlessly together and allow for some really awesome configurations. For example, the pedals are tri-purpose. I use them for the obvious brake and gas while driving but I additionally use them for analogue leaning as infantry and rudder pedals while flying.
game-hours: 939.7
review: Metascore doesn't do this justice. If you're wired to get involved with a simulator/game like ARMA3, you're in for some good stuff... Be prepared for hours of mission creation editing for minutes of 'Damn that was cool'. When you start scripting and remotely enjoy it...now you're !@#$ cause you're hooked for more hours of editing for minutes of 'Damn that actually worked...Awesome!' Once you start Subscribing and playing missions created by other seasoned ameture/Big League Arma editors, then you're like 'That was !@#$ Insane' and you realize you don't know !@#$ about editing yet. You might as well tack on another few hours, cause you're back to the drawing board enhancing and creating more missions. Great Game Gents! 11/10
game-hours: 61.2
review: Arma 3 is a great game but isn't as good as Arma 2 (In my opinon) This game has lot's of bugs and glitches. Arma 3 looks good but it needs a great PC to run smoothly. Sa-matras wasteland is amazing and I'd recommend it
game-hours: 45.7
review: *HIGHLY RECOMMENDED* This is one of the best Strategy Action Simulators i have played since ArmA II. Looks beautiful if you have top range PC. One Downside is that it is highly intensive on your CPU and I cannot recommend this for low end computers/laptops. You never run out of things to do, due to the Steam Workshop and Level Editor where mahy people create great game types and areas for combat. I give a 9/10
game-hours: 468.6
review: Dope !! :)
game-hours: 23.7
review: Played a game in a game ~11/10
game-hours: 130.0
review: Recommending this game is a no-brainer. If you are even marginally into shooters with a nag for realism Arma 3 is inevitable. The game won't let you in easily; it has a steep learning curve, and starting out can be quite frustrating. Also, you are less likely to find good public servers; it hardly is hop-on and play like CoD or Battlefield. The best way to experience it is in a clan or community group. Bottom line, go get it. It's unique, in every aspect.
game-hours: 108.9
review: Went to a weed field to gather some cannabis and got arrested by undercover cops. 10/10 would sell weed again.
game-hours: 1479.3
review: Military sandbox a la Garry's Mod. Many many ways to play including: Invade & Annex and Insurgency for quick co-op action; King of the Hill, Tactical Battlefield, and Battle Royale for brutal PvP; Breaking Point; the superior Dayzesque game, and variations on the theme Wasteland and Epoch; MMORPG mode with Altis Life; custom missions and mods fill in everything in between and well beyond into every niche.
game-hours: 23.7
review: Played a game in a game ~11/10
game-hours: 1151.8
review: One of the best / my current favorite game. The amount of mods/online modes available is ridiculous. If you're into the realism & being strategic/tactical then this game is definitely for you. It's not your average run & gun FPS like COD & BF, so be warned. It takes a while to get the hang of the game mechanics & learn how to use everything properly because it IS a simulator.
game-hours: 464.2
review: they added bipods and upnp how can it not get a thumbs up now
game-hours: 1021.1
review: For players who have never played arma and go into this game with no expectations, it's okay. The game works for that. But, for people with expectations for this game, (for example, arma 2 fans) it is completely unacceptable. The game completely dwarfs all previous arma games in many aspects. The graphics and engine are much better. It has a great core, with great potential. But that, sadly, is all it has. The game itself has to have been rushed. On the official release day, it was in the state of an alpha game, and still feels like a beta for most people. The game had an actual alpha and beta on steam, but from the player's point of view, not much changed between alpha and release day except for a few new assets and the main map being released. It never should have left the alpha, and the problem is that bohemia doesn't seem to have admitted to even themselves that their game came out unfinished. From release day, they have been treating it like a final product, with only a few small polishes and fixes needed. This is beyond the exact opposite of how it actually is. On release day, it was laughably broken. It had the most bugs I have ever seen in a game, and felt like a joke. Now, after 1.5 years, many obvious bugs have been ironed out. I can say that the very surface game experience is acceptable. The problem today is that while they fixed some of the basic gameplay issues, about 40% of the features feel unfinished, but that is coming from someone with 1000 hours of experience. As I said, the surface experience is acceptable, but if you REALLY start playing, you will notice inexcusable holes in the experience. Along with all of this, the game is set in 2035, so none of the objects in the game are real, and at best partially resemble real things. The NATO and AAF factions are okay, but the CSAT faction, the only opfor faction available, looks terrible. The CSAT people literally look like aliens, and I get depressed every time I see one of them. What was bohemia thinking? Why would you put space aliens in a military simulator, especially ARMA? Atleast put terrorists, or north koreans, or normal russians, but space aliens? This is very controversial, especially for a military simulator, in particular arma. Currently, the helicopters DLC costs 15$. The game shipped with only a few helicopters, so it was good to hear that they were addressing this. It was sad to hear they were charging 15$ for something that should have been included with the game, but I could live with that. What really set me off is that for 15$ you get only TWO helicopters. Yes, 2 helicopters that you should already have for 15 dollars. With the arma 2 OA expansion, we literally got more assets than arma 3 will probably ever have for 20 dollars. Now we pay 15 dollars for 2 helicopters. Currently, from what I can see, Arma 3 is doomed. They are going to continue charging money for each baby step towards a finished game, and with that, only make a few baby steps, and then run off with the money. The only DLC remaining will be a DLC called marksmen which adds 7 weapons, all of which I've played with, and most of which look like laser guns, almost as bad as the CSAT faction. Bohemia also has a interesting DLC model which makes the DLC more like updates with certain assets you can't play with unless you buy the DLC. This will mean marksmen comes with an upgraded weapon system and 3 vests all of which everyone gets, but ingame the core DLC items are unusable without paying. There may also be an expansion way after the marksmen dlc comes out, but nothing has been confirmed about it. TLDR: Arma 3 is a dissapointment for real arma fans because holes in the general experience, not enough stuff and weird art style not appropriate for military simulators.
game-hours: 175.6
review: Never finished, never worked right, now trying to sell DLC. I used to be a huge supporter of BI Studios, an outspoken fan, recommending Arma to everyone. I cannot support them after today. By now it is clear that they do not intend to finish Arma III.
game-hours: 137.1
review: Great Game, not much content as in ArmA II but i hope there will be updates and mods to play :) 9/10
game-hours: 2048.9
review: ARMA 3 is a game in a class of its own and defines the genre of tactical military simulations. One of the greatest benefits is the modability and vast amount of user created content, that can be implemented in this very open sandbox. The first part of the campaign "Survive" showed that Bohemia Interactive made their game also interesting for singleplayer, but the true strength of ARMA 3 is for sure the multiplayer. Don't get me wrong - this game needs a certain level of dedication to get the maximum out of it, casual players probably won't get happy. If you want a unique mod- and mission-setting you cannot just create a game and simply "hop in". Hosting a MP-server with mods, creating MP-missions that work flawless with mods - all of this stuff can be quite complex and hard to be learned by one person alone. But if you decide to join a group or community that suites your style of play (action-, hardcore-simulation-, roleplay-orientated or somewhere in between) then you might get a most interesting and challenging game experience.
game-hours: 59.7
review: A squeaker bought me this game.
game-hours: 95.7
review: perfect game
game-hours: 893.9
review: best game i have ever played. BEST AND WORST GAME THO. your pc will take a hit from this game in the fps range but over all my fav game
game-hours: 70.8
review: This game has turned from something with potential in a big bag of festering feces, but the worthless immature underage scum that represents the customers doesn't even know better, of course. Like all ArmA games it is a Military Sim. Unlike Arma 2 or the great Operation Flashpoint 1 where most features (Infantry/Vehicle/Air vehicle) worked pretty well, here you have a bit from everything but nothing is polished or smooth. To be honest, the only difference from the Beta that we Preorderers had access to (ages ago) are some new vehicles and weapons. Not even that many that it would matter. The animations stutter and the vehicle driving and physics at all are a joke which is all due to poor coding. The only thing that is good is the singleplayer campaign but after all this is a Military sim which is meant to be played in Multiplayer. I don't want to play against the AI, first of all because the ArmA AI has and always will be horrible and secondly because I want to play against other players and not placeholders. The multiplayer is pretty much unplayable as well and its not getting better. 70-90% of all populated servers are Roleplay servers running the Life mod. The other 10-30% are a tiny bit of survival-sandbox-deathmatch Wasteland servers and some foreign community servers running tons of mods. I also don't want to download 10 gigabytes of unneccesary third party community mods and try installing them for 4 hours because I neither want to garbage my computer up nor do I find unneccessary and poorly made mods needed to play the game.  the steam workshop. I find it ridiculous how they praise their "revolutionairy new" game mode called ZEUS and then don't even make official servers with that game mode (or others) for the players available. What I preordered a year (?) ago? Some overhyped successor game of Arma 2 that pretended to have every feature "work in progress" and to be something completely new once the features are done. What I got after all features are supposedly done? Arma 2 poorly converted into a new engine with new animations, a (ridiculously bad) physics engine and unfinished, unpolished features. I feel ripped off and am very angry at the devs. I will not buy a game from those lying, lazy and greedy a-holes again. If anyone related to the dev team reads this, I hope you feel proud contribooting to the cancer that is killing the video game industry.
game-hours: 53.8
review: ArmA2 has much more content and is far more realistic (only medic can heal and it takes a while, weapons acting as real life counterparts, in ArmA3 everything is 'balanced' and you can self-heal in 3 seconds by clicking a proper button). ArmA2 has also more vehicles, more weapons, more everything... really, there is nothing to go for ArmA3 except a bit better graphic, but this is hardly anything important, especially because ArmA2 looks not much worse. Moreover it's been over three months since the release date and the game still has unfinished campaign and terrible AI bugs. You don't have to take my word for it, watch a video:
game-hours: 1329.7
review: Too many lies.
game-hours: 140.0
review: I really, really wanted to love arma 3. But i just can't deal with it anymore. 80+ hours I've spent in the game and it just feels like wasted time. Yes, the graphics are vastly improved, but that comes with a lot of sacrifices. Firstly, you have to have about fourteen gtx titans to run this game properly. I have a pretty decent pc (most games at high/max settings) yet Arma just does not want to play smoothly. I get about 30fps in arma 3 and although that's perfectly playable, the framerate drops and it is a pain to play. "I'll just ignore the framerate drops", i said to myself. "So what if it drops, it's a great game" but the game consistenly crashes. It just happened to me in wasteland, right behind someone with top gear and bam. Arma3.exe has stopped working. It's not like this is an occasional thing either, it happens at least once every time I play. And don't even get me started on the driving, its like trying to wade a kite through custard, seriously. Also, the fact theres about 3 (ok maybe more) guns really annoys me. There's about 3/4 assault rifles and they all perform pretty much the same, there's no quirks with each, they're all just.. bland. That goes the same for pretty much every weapon class. That's without me mentioning the fact none of them are liscensed or have official names. I know its a "futuristic" world, but I much prefered the ak47's, Pkms, m4's etc of arma 2. Have i mentioned the fact only one campaign episode has been released? It's not like arma fans have been waiting for this for years or anything and bohemia take MONTHS to release not the campaign, but a campaign episode. Seriously? In my opinion arma 2 is a mechanically better, smoother and more fun game. My advice, play arma 2 for another year or so and wait for Bohemia to sort their BS out. Arma 3? Me no gusta.
game-hours: 682.2
review: DO NOT BUY IT! the CPU and GPU issues are so bad you will get 17fps slideshow in multiplayer on LOW/MED/NORM/HIGH/VHIGH/ULTRA settings, It's a shame this game had a lot of potential, singleplayer is great but don'r expect anything more then that. It will never be optimized for high end gaming rigs. Bohemia are uselss and don't even care about the issues!
game-hours: 67.3
review: I really hate to say this, but you should wait to get this game until BIS gets it finished, assuming that happens. The reader should realize that I have almost 2000hrs in ArmA2. The 600 or so listed on my profile here is just since it got added to Steam and doesn't count the time pre-Steam. So, as someone who plays exclusively with friends on listen servers, not on big public servers. As someone who plays mostly CTI maps (remember those BIS?), and as someone who spent most of those almost 2000hrs flying CAS in a jet (remember those BIS?), .......I can honestly say that I'm rather let down by ArmA 3 and it makes me very sad. The interface has always been clunky from way back in OFP and before. The new backpack system seems to me to just be a reskin of the same thing. It does indeed make it a bit easier to use being able to drag and drop stuff (novel!!), and while I appreciate the work here.....I'd rather have seen the time spent on other things. To be fair, two of the devs DID spend time locked up in Greece for a stupid reason. I think it was 11 months? This is something that is strictly forbidden to speak of on their forums for some odd reason. But, I understand this had a huuuuuuge impact on their development cycle as it was their two LEAD devs as I understand it. I get the feeling that they got back, and shoved development through in order to compete with the (then) new BF and CoD releases. I personally feel this was a huge, quivering pile of mistake. Because......they aren't really in competition with those games!!! It'd be like saying that chess competes with checkers and monopoly. All board games sure but vastly different. Same here! ArmA II was all about trying to make the game more of a military simulator. Though I think they had to admit some limitations here and there with the tech of the day without making the engine only playable on super computers. ArmA III seems to go away from this and I think it's trying to compete even more now with those other games in some ways.....maybe I'm wrong? It just doesn't feel like the team is as worried about realisim any longer. For me, the fact that it's set in 2035 is a HHHHUUUUUUUGE turn-off and almost a game breaker right there. That, and there's ONE jet in the game thus far.....one AND it's some old trainer POS to boot.....nice.....well guess this confirms my hunch I've had for a while now. BIS seems to hate fixed wing like Blizzard hates melee! It's all about rotary wing! Which is fine and dandy unless you need an A10 or a Spooky. By 2035 we assume naturally that these have been phased out, so where are their replacements? Hell, at this point I'd be happy with an F15 that I can just fly and do stand-off attacks with from miles away.....oh right that's what the choppers are for! Am I ranting a bit there? Um, yes sorry, but I was just looking SO foward to this game!!! Heck I even did the pre-order on the delux version!! NOW? Ya I'm kinda not happy about that. I fire the game up now and then after I see an update downloading. Just to mess around with the undrivable pickups and do target practice with the assault rifles that have recoil like a .45-110 every shot......it's like going to the playboy mansion only nobody's there. So, I'd say to wait on this game. I'm still playing ArmAII where I can fly fixed wings even in the base game. Oh yes I know...mods mods mods....ya *hangs head*
game-hours: 534.6
review: Multiplayer is really the best. You can have fun solo but the interaction with others in a fun and in a semi strict quasi-military group is where to be. Lots of mods and new missions out there so there is no reason to get bored!! Grab a rifle and march on..
game-hours: 90.7
review: If you've looked at this on the Steam shelf and even been slightly interested, buy it. Apart from the gorgeous graphics and highly detailed soldiers, weapons, vehicles and environments, it gives you an experience like no other shooter. Best of all, it uses the Steam workshop which means you can very easily download (in-game) scenarios that other players have made. This offers an eternal level of replayability.
game-hours: 598.0
review: Arma 3 (short for Arma 3) is a game about shooting things and doing what you're told. Sort of like call of duty, except you'll die 50 times before you figure out how to actually throw the grenade. Arma 3 manages to find the perfect mix between a realistic simulation of warfare, and the fun found in a video game. If the episodic campaigns along with the dozens of scenarios and challenges aren't enough for you, the editor will be. Arma 3 comes with an incredibly powerful mission/scenario/campaign editor which can also double up as NATO rave party when you pop different coloured smoke grenades everywhere. The fanbase for this video game is quite extraordinary, and plays a crucial role in the development and sustainment of this game. Hundreds of mods have already been made available, with many more to come, as well as countless missions that come with multiplayer and singleplayer compatibility. In short - Arma 3 has the potential to be anything you imagine it to. And if that isn't your style, it's still an exciting game on it's own merits. Certainly worth your money, you may want to give this video game a look if you prefer something that feels a little more serious rather than knifing every second person you see. The only downside is that at the moment, some multiplayer servers have terrible frame rates, and the game itself requires a powerful computer to run on medium settings. That aside, 11.2/10.
game-hours: 1671.6
review: this gave me accute PTSD
game-hours: 67.1
review: Arma 3 has increased my sexual life ten fold and given me a new perspective on our lord and savior Wilford Brimley. 10/10
game-hours: 2221.0
review: Great game. Nothing beats this in the Military Simulator Genre.
game-hours: 174.3
review: Complex but fun especially if you have friends to play with. - I didnt like it in the beginning I found it rigid and complex, mainly because I was comparing it to the other FPS games in the market + Very good gameplay + Fancy graphics and physics are good + huge community contribution - You will walk a lot and you will be lost in the beginning I recommend it :)
game-hours: 4785.5
review: best game ever? It's like buying ten games!
game-hours: 771.8
review: The greatest mil sim, possibly FPS of all time I've been playing ArmA since Operation: Flashpoint (Renamed Armed Assault [ArmA]: Cold War Conflict]. I've always loved the concept of a sandbox game. Do whatever you want, your game play is literally limited to your imagination. We all know BIS has this aspect of the ArmA series in spades, but the military realism and breath of immersion with A3 is unreal. You step in the game and you actually FEEL yourself move within the environment. Thanks to the PysX engine, when you drive a vehicle the tactile feeling of traversing the terrain is like no other game out there. Weapons don't just aim themselves, if you miss your target down range (which you will!) it's your own fault. Working in squads and managing situation awareness is crucial to your survival, and you'll find plenty of players who want that next level realsim. The lush graphics and visuals are by far the most advanced of all current FPSs. Finally the best improvement, IMO, is the modified stance system. No longer do you have to clumsily stick to a wall to have cover, or just choose between getting shot or going prone and not being able to shoot. With this new mechanic, you can adjust your position in very specific ways to have sights down range over any variety of cover. By and large this is the greatest experience I've had in video games in a long time. ArmA 3 is only still in beta right now and It's still the most compelling, and in depth video game I've ever played. 10.00/10.00
game-hours: 838.8
review: If your computer can play it on at least normal settings with 30+ fps, must buy! 11/10.
game-hours: 18.7
review: yes i do and its nice fun cool hard to kill me but u can but one prob not enough money for the dlcs thats to much arma 3 is to much i recomend price droping to 30$ i sen more people buy it at 30$ not at 60$ but its a good gam best shooting ae on steam beside tf2 (team fortress 2) its good but this is 11/11 good job :)!
game-hours: 49.2
review: If you want to play a heavy realistic and enyoing game, then i clearly recommend you to play this! The gameplay itself has it's own spirit that makes the Arma franchise unique. The in-game controls may be a little but confusing but you get used to it. Clearly recommended to play this with friends, and the gamemodes are awesome. There is "Altis Life" Wich is a roleplaying gamemode, Wasteland wich is like DayZ with no zombies innit. And ofcourse there is tons of mods in the internet so i suggest you give Arma 3 a try. :)
game-hours: 116.8
review: AMAZING GAME #RUNSLIKEA great times had on free trail
game-hours: 407.1
review: Absolutely love this game. Best simulation game I have played in a long time. So happy I found it!
game-hours: 1018.9
review: Poor edition to the Armaverse. Tons and tons of potential that is being sadly wasted. The game has nice graphics and lighting albeit not Dx11. The main island Altis, looks quite impressive indeed but has a very empty feeling and doesnt feel alive like other arma maps did. The ragdoll which is one of the new features feels half finished, like the rest of this game if I'm honest. An example of this is all static 50cals have the same model and this situation you will see through out the game, the latest content added were reskined with slight model change BAF helicopter and vehicle which is unacceptable in book if you already payed for that content if you bought BAF for arma 2. The sound leaves very little to be desired, with clipping audio and samples so loud that they actually break up (tank main guns). ArmA and ArmA2 have infinitely better programmed sound engines. ArmA3 is currently a dead duck in my opinion, anything that is positive about this game is quickly over shadowed by lack of content, bugs, inconsistances in code and I hate to say it but, bordom. I never thought I'd hear myself saying it but yes, this game is boring. With the pace of the games meaningful development slower than a snail I'd venture to say dont expect much soon. Maybe if the game still lives in 2015 it could be great, but right now it is certainly not that. Only time will tell if BIS take advantage of this games potentials. My feeling is that it will fall by the wayside because of lost potential and lack of real core code bug fixes.
game-hours: 237.6
review: So realistic my mom had to call me for dinner
game-hours: 84.2
review: This game floored me. Then I fell throught the floor into hell and I was like dang thats one hell of a game.
game-hours: 825.0
review: Great game, bad optimization so if you have a low spec pc this game may run slow and have low fps. The gameplay is great, the vehicles and aircraft are great fun and are easy to drive / handle. But there is not many guns and vechicles within this game. The guns handle well and realistic, they also look great and the game has nice animation. The new stances are amazing and really allow you to take cover not matter what the object is you are taking cover behind. Over all fun game, lots of gamemodes online to play, single player is ok, but do not recommend getting this game for single player. There is also some mods online which change the game quite a bit. I do recommend getting this game.
game-hours: 238.1
review: Fantastic game already! Everything I wanted improved from ARMA and ARMA2 is improved in ARMA3 Alpha. The controls, animations and movement is sooo much better now, not clunky and meh like previous games in the series. Yet it still keeps that great realism that we love the series for. It is in great shape so far for an alpha version. Cannot wait to see what the full version offers! How did they get it to run better and look better than ARMA2? Pretty impressive! Get it now, maybe see ya online!
game-hours: 386.0
review: 4 reasons to buy ArmA III. 1. I looked at the horizon and saw a Hemmt going to space, I had to double-check if I wasn't playing any space related games. 2. A guy hitted the brakes and got thrown out of his car. 3. A medic was driving on the mainroad, I heard his sirenes and suddenly BOOM and an offroad flew through the sky. 4. Freaking people using Go-Karts as rocket proppelant. 100/10 Altis Space Program
game-hours: 200.0
review: Much arma3, To Shooting, So Killer, Very Doge
game-hours: 143.0
review: Don't...even...bother... not picking up this game! This game has changed my life completely. I'm now sober (6 months! I know, still keeping my fingers crossed, because of my relapse last year), and I'm also off Heroin. Last year was a difficult year for me, I was diagnosed with testicular cancer, something about the way I rest my laptop on my left testicle that managed to cause internal bleeding. Ever since I picked up Arma 3 6 months ago, I've stopped resting my laptop on my testicles, instead I've been resting my testicles on my laptop. I thank the developers of this game for creating a masterpiece, and creating a beacon of hope for when I needed it the most.
game-hours: 6.5
review: FEKIN SWAG M8 , ILL HOOK ALL OF YOU IN THE GUBBAH
game-hours: 28.5
review: Alright is this a good game or not.Well if you ask me its kind of hard the controls are wierd (exept walking shhoting and spriting) and they are hard to remeber.But this game offers alot and by alot i really mean alot.Good looking graphix and textures intense heartbeating combat looting military wastelands mode custom mods that i dont know how to install Windows 8 Skin :(.CO-OP and campaing are pretty good but i wish some of my other friends would ow this game but it costs a lot and its no worth of that amount of money like 25,50 euros are good price in my opinion But then it offers alot of game modes.I think this is a good game,But you should just buy it from a tf2 outpost dealer.But i got this cheaper caus of the alpha release. But overall 4/5
game-hours: 193.2
review: every other war game seems rubbish comparing to ARMA III
game-hours: 22.2
review: The first couple days, can be really painful for most of the people, "ArmA 3" is kinda hard to understand, it's not for everyone especially not for "BF/COD lovers", the maps are really great, graphics are awesome same as the audio, this game is made really good, not as ArmA 2. ArmA 2 is lagging a lot, has a lot of fps drops, playing ArmA 2 on 1920x1080 Mid/Low and i have only 30-60 FPS, ArmA 3 on 1920x1080 Ultra High/High 80 FPS +++, half of ArmA 3 players can't kill a standing player, so the combat is pretty easy i'd say, the game is pretty expensive but it's definitely worth the money, 10/10.
game-hours: 571.7
review: Scouted the map as a seagull. 10/10, would scout again.
game-hours: 28.0
review: I killed 4 cops and 3 civilians going 1 mile an hour on a quad. 10/10
game-hours: 84.7
review: Have a decent PC? BUY IT! Have a PC that can only run Minecraft at low settings? Just don't... or you'll have a real bad time.
game-hours: 48.8
review: Shot my friend in the back of the head and parachuted out of the helicopter he was flying as it crashed. 11/10
game-hours: 208.7
review: This game is by far one of the best games that I have ever played. I payed 60.00 for it and have not regretted it since! I love this game to death but I play the mods like Battle Royal and Altis. I recommend this game because it brings you to a new state of gaming. Not only are you able to enjoy 1v1 combat or 2v2 combat u can have wars with eachother if you get the right set of people. I have enjoyed this game more than any other just because I caan basically do whatever I want to do and either evade police to get away with it or be kind and help whoever comes along! If you're loooking for a solid multiplayer game this is the one that will capture your attention more than any other. Not only will you devore 300 hours of gameplay you will begin to shape your personality of gaming to become a Rebel, Cop, or Savior. Love live the X-Generation!
game-hours: 48.0
review: This game is the god of all Military games. you can not have a better military game, with as much realism as this. the graphics are also amazing. once your done with singleplayer you can explore the vast amount of gamemodes in multiplayer from Zombies mods too Sandboxes and even bonus campaigns. this game truly has it all.
game-hours: 2624.2
review: Fantastic game that still required a little rounding around the edges. One of, if not the best gaming communities who I hope will remain healthy and keep providing solid material.
game-hours: 2294.4
review: Arma 3 is a great game. The ArmA community is very good at creating mods and custom missions.
game-hours: 1267.9
review: Not for the soft people. This game is unforgiving. It will not lower it's difficulty for your tastes. Join a milsim community and get the full immersion of the potential the Arma series has.
game-hours: 72.7
review: Hey guys and girls :) Okey..lets get started: 1.Should i buy this game? -> Well it depends: First of all, let my say some positive aspects of ARMA 3. Arma 3 is an amazing game with amazing graphics, and gameplay. There are 2 real maps, a big one and a ULTRA big one (dude, so big you wont belive it. You have to walk about 2h [real time] to get from the W-N to S-E..Not joking), 3 campaigns, an editor mode where you can built your own mission and the fantastic multiplayer. But listen up: If you are a cod fan his game is not for you. This game is not about hit and run or just Shoot shoot and shoot..like almost every cod. No no no, this game is about teamplay, it is a war simulator! It makes more fun to do some patrol than the combat itself. You can play it only with 100 pleople and with vehicles like tanks, jets, choppers, submarines and so on. It is a game that never gets bored while playing with friends and always gives you the real combat feeling. But now to the negative: OMG, if you dont have a really really good computer, that means a over 700 dollar pc, you probably wont be able to play arma 3, please note, without lagging and properly.trust me. I have an i7, 12 GB ram and a GTX nvidia 560 and i almost manage it to play it with no lagging at 70 FPS (on standart settings!!!), on high, nozt joking, at 40, but it feels laggy You will have a huge FPS drop (-30) in multiplayer and this is eats away your frames! So, on overall..is it worth to buy this game? -> I can tell you, yes it is! Good job to the developers! Really nice game! I always fancy playing it and it is a unique game! my ration 8/10 -2 only due to the fps issues
game-hours: 222.2
review: This game is so much fun. Dont buy if you have below a dual core though, you wont be able to run it well at all. I have a dual core and play it fine though, no lag or anything. This game is as close as it gets to real life and actually required skill, planning, and patience unlike any other FPS on the market. If you are looking for the best FPS/military simulator look no further. You've found it. Its Arma 3. 11/10 great game
game-hours: 59.6
review: A very nice game, the atmosphere (Im not talking about mods, Im talking about the vanilla game) is almost the same as in ArmA 2. At first the game feels dull, almost boring. Youre bored as to why nothing happens and everything seems so slow, but once you get fired upon, or get targeted by enemy artillery fire and see several squadmates around you bite the dust as you barely survived an artillery shell that injured your legs to a point where you cant run anymore - the game becomes extremely intense. Your squad has been hit by artillery and you are among one of the few who kind of survived that attack, but your legs are injured and the next medic is 1 kilometer away from the AO. So you try to stay alive and slowly walk or crawl back to the military outpost in hopes of getting back to the EVAC zone in time (before the transport chopper flys off or the enemy decides to run a couple of bullets through the rest of your body). So you hump back towards the military outpost that you and your team used to advance from, because you know youre going to survive once you get there as there are many teammates and the EVAC zone is also back there. As you slowly make your way through the open field trying to stay as low as you can, crawling behind bushes - you suddenly hear shots from the distance and know that the enemies are advancing towards the EVAC zone and therefore towards you... You try to make your way as fast as possible, when you read your teamchat talking about the EVAC chopper that is already on its way and almost there and youre still 650 meters away. And as if that wasnt enough of an issue, the enemies have spotted and are now starting to fire at you as well. And as you keep crawling towards the EVAC zone and notice more and more shots hitting the ground very close to you, you know that youre probably not going to make it. And suddenly you hear a sniper firing from the EVAC zone down towards your position. He shoots one enemy rifleman after another and suddenly the teamchat indicates that the EVAC area is clear and that the pilot is going to wait for you... you stand up and try to not make your teammates wait too long for you while feeling happy about having survived such a counterattack without having to click on Respawn. This actually happened to me once. 10/10 would buy again
game-hours: 162.9
review: Consider getting the new 1000 Intel CPU.
game-hours: 1130.1
review: I have spent over 200 hours now in the alpha and beta alone on a 20-odd square kilometer Island. What's it going to be like on the full 270km2 Island when it's released?! Tactical possibilities are near limitless.
game-hours: 1353.5
review: Arma 3 is one of the most versatile mil-sim games out there. The support from the developers alone puts this game at the top of any mil-sim list. The vanilla AI are pretty over-powered for what they do. They can get non-stop headshots from 600m away. But a couple AI mods and they react much more realistically. Coming from Arma2, this is game a huge improvement. The addition of PhysX adds a lot to gameplay. Overall, I'm very impressed with the game. Add the developer modding support, and this game is the top of my list.
game-hours: 1591.7
review: This is war!
game-hours: 1375.4
review: Been playing since the beginning of the Alpha, and this game has stayed so unique. This game is a genre on it's own, nothing else out there like it. The community surrounding this game makes it all that much better, and the modding community is so big. This game is heavily moddable, which gives the community the tools they need to create anything, there is no limits. This is also one of the more hardcore FPS games out there, it's easy to get used to, but hard to get good at, and you can't do anything without a good team. All this game requires is patience, and the ability to work with other people. In order for me to fully explain how awesome this game is, I'd be sitting here all day typing this review out. 10/10, will never quit playing.
game-hours: 1591.7
review: This is war!
game-hours: 76.3
review: Got in a chopper so pilot fly team to the LZ , got crashed by the same damn chopper and pilot 10 times a in row , then I gave up on the game and went to play EPOCH , got bashed in face for clothes , then I decided delete the game , but then I just realized , isn't these things what makes Arma way more different than other shooters ? Would die again before doing anything again 10/10 .
game-hours: 154.9
review: arma 3 cool
game-hours: 43.6
review: If you even manage to get one kill, you will feel like the greatest soldier on the planet. That is, until the rest of the enemy army finds you and kills you from a mile away.
game-hours: 117.7
review: Nothing beats playing multiplayer to see a giant exloding rocket peniz flying around in the air.
game-hours: 41.0
review: Its like skyrim with cops 10/ign
game-hours: 1.9
review: To be on point: Before purchasing Arma 3 I read about it on forums and on Steam reviews. Indeed, many said that at the moment Arma 3 is just not finished and it is not worth buying and playing as it is. I really liked the game idea and thought that it can't be that bad, so I purchased it. Boy I was in for a big surprise. And I am not talking only about the poor optimization of the game. The whole game feels weird, laggy and just plain wrong. The controls are a mess. For example, to fly with a joystick you have to set all the actions manually. At least in my case. Graphics wise, I might get older but the whole image seems to be blurry and out of sync. Maybe the biggest grief is with super human AI enemies. Somehow they can see you even in the darkest and deepest forest, while there is NO way you can see them, yet alone shoot them. I am sory to say, I regret the purchase and would not advise anyone to try the game in the current state. I would say in a year or so maybe, but not now. In case you want to help out the developer and support the game, by all means, purchase the game now. Play it later :) Do not get me wrong, the idea is super, the complexity is there, visual apeal is there, but it needs a lot of polish to be playable. I would like to state, for the record, that I couldn't get myself to play it for more than one hour. Maybe if I would have spent more time (I guess a lot more) in the game, I would have liked it more. Just for reference: I7 2600k @ 4.4 ghz nVidia GTX 580 1.5 GB RAM 16 GB RAM @ 1600 Mhz CAS 8 Samsung Evo SSD = 40-50 FPS in SP This is just my personal opinion and experience of the game. Take it with a grain of salt. Over and out.
game-hours: 2299.6
review: Great game just please keep adding more vehicles :D <3 <3
game-hours: 568.0
review: I like running.
game-hours: 117.3
review: Dissapointing. The game feels like it's still in Beta stage.
game-hours: 568.0
review: I like running.
game-hours: 805.0
review: This is sandox taken to a new scale. This is the tropical beach that makes other would be "sandbox" games seem like a pile of dirt in a schoolyard.
game-hours: 103.5
review: - - # sandbox 5555555555
game-hours: 117.3
review: Dissapointing. The game feels like it's still in Beta stage.
game-hours: 420.1
review: Spend 3 days hiding in a bush, get shot by someone you can't see. 10/10
game-hours: 28.5
review: For everyone that loves military simulations, best game ever, this is like Battlefield and Ghost Reacon in one game :)
game-hours: 103.4
review: Various gamemodes to play! very fun. Try altis life as being a cop! hahah its soo fun! I LOVE IT
game-hours: 640.9
review: good rpg game
game-hours: 291.8
review: The most accessible game in the series, this is Bohemia Interactive's magnus opus and my favourite instalment since the days of Operation Flashpoint (now ARMA: CWC) and it's incredible addons, the technological leap is huge and the possibilities for the end user are limitless, catering to any taste with a very active modding community to boot, potentially taking it far beyond a mil-sim. I have owned this game since the alpha phase and has been worth every penny, it's never been perfect but the development team are constantly striving to make it so. One of the greatest titles I've had the pleasure of owning on the PC for many years.
game-hours: 601.4
review: Arma 3 is hands down the pinnacle of MILSIM. With real world physics, amazing textures, and a community that just doesn't stop, you will be hard pressed to not enjoy this amazing title. If you have the time and money to invest into this, you will not regret it. Don't let the military simulation aspect of this title scare you away! Yes, that is the engine's intent. However, there is a massive community that plays non-military things in this amazing engine. Endless hours of fun await you, friends. I hope to see you on the battlefield. HOO-AH!
game-hours: 118.3
review: Despite many warnings from the community, bohemia decided to do the right thing and shove their thumb up their butts and not work off of a decent engine, again. Thus resulting in 90 FPS in single player, down to 10 - 15 in multiplayer, servers can't even handle all the scripts that their idiotic owners apply to said server, resulting in massive jam to be applied on your end of the game. Instead of fixing the AI, glitches and trying to optimize the game, bohemia has decided to pump out new content that adds to the previous issues stated above. What's that? You want single player? Oh well you'll have to wait for them to finish pumping out those SP episodes, why yes they are free, as they should be, as you have just paid for a $60 dollar alpha. Oh and the only thing people play in this "realistic army sim" is a god damn RPG average civi game type where you role play YOUR ACTUAL BORING LIFE.
game-hours: 52.1
review: +
game-hours: 140.7
review: This could have been a great game, the problem is the developers of the engine are stuck in the 1990s and made an engine that dont take advantage of your GPU. With an i7 2600 and GTX 780 i have between 20-30 FPS, and i have that on absolutely maxed out settings as well as the lowest possible. There is only one reason to even consider this game, and its for the great mod community. But overall, this company does not deserve any of your money.
game-hours: 599.4
review: Best Simulation shooter of all time!
game-hours: 33.5
review: There is NOTHING, I mean NOTHING like ARMA. This is really and 'endless' game. The mod community is robust and VERY active. Everything, and ANYTHING is possible in ARMA III. This is what PC gaming is all about! Watch this video for a better example.
game-hours: 326.5
review: Picture yourself standing in the middle of ing nowhere then having to run 60 miles to get home, you picturing that? Well the game should really be called Arma 3 the real jogging simulator or dream smasher because let me tell ya you run for that long and get some cool gear, you're probably gonna get killed
game-hours: 136.6
review: Man, doe be like comin out of the trees and , and you be all like "Oh mayne, who hims that? You that" and your team all like "nah, it ain't me, but it do" and you like "Yah, it do" and then you both shoot him and , people droppin all around, man with helichopter come in all shootin missiles and , blowing up children and you like "Yah, but there is the cav" and everyone else dying, but you not. Nah, you not.
game-hours: 283.7
review: V good this game is very good becuase i think it's 100% gagster and it's very good. You can play many games on the game and it's very good becuase of this. I would add this game stands out for not being too arcade and this attributes to it's very goodness and some of my friends play they say it's very good I would recommend this to those looking for a very good game and a very good time especially if you have a very good group of friends to play some good organised very good games. There's many good roles to play some more good than others and some are the most good. Thank.
game-hours: 185.2
review: Arma 3 like all the rest of the series, will only offer what you put into it - after all its not really a game is it. Try the editor and learn what you are capable of doing in arma, then apply that knowledge according to what you want to see - for me - personally, i'd preffer life like realism.. and my reward - is what i've learned not to do in a real situation - how will you play arma? - Dont let my arma online XP fool you, i have been scripting in arma since moby  was a minnow - i still dont know what its capable of - remember.. a simple quotation mark, being misplaced can make you frusterated and trying for minutes or even hours to end the script you knew only a few months ago - 8)) - i've been there - Example: !alive nearestObject [obj1, "House"]; <--- this took me 25 min to figure out that i was not putting an exclamation mark in beginning - it tells weather or not the obj is alive or not - in this case it was not and i needed to represent that - you see - simple, but it can cause discreppancy with the whole scipt not understanding what you want - so read over it always - and yes.. i felt stupid when i finally got it right, but that is how it works. welcome to arma logic ;) i recommend arma 3 and all the rest, to anyone bored with cod or battlefield or counterstrike or what ever you need a break from - peace out - - RenderSilent -
game-hours: 74.9
review: ACE when?/10
game-hours: 2093.9
review: Drove really fast in a tank and flipped it 10 outta 10 for best tanks.
game-hours: 207.0
review: Awesome
game-hours: 21.1
review: Arma 3 is the best game ever! If you have ever played arma 2, you know that running into rocks was the worst! Wether in a car or on foot, the fatality rate was always 100%! But Wait theres more! If you get Arma 3, you can run into all the rocks you want! But be careful, someone decided there was an imbalance and so if you drive into a small chainlink fence, unlike in arma 2, your car has a 75% chance of exploding and a 100% chance of losing its wheels! Can't wait for Arma 4!
game-hours: 151.7
review: Best first person shooter ever made. It has the best detail along with gameplay. Even though it's still in beta I think it's still a 5 star game. The developers really put some thought into this game you have the best graphics especialy if your computer can handle ultra. Now for some gameplay I really like wasteland if you get this game grab some friends and play some wasteland.
game-hours: 286.6
review: extremely good game, its very open in what you can do
game-hours: 64.0
review: Arma 3 beautifully continues the legacy of the Arma franchise. At no point in this game did I not stop to take in where I was. Altis and Stratis, the two maps, are stunning. The main map, Altis is very large and just that perspective alone is astounding. If you are playing Arma for the first time, I HIGHLY recommend playing around with the editor and single player before delving in online. This is not a pick up and play type of game. There are aspects that take some time to get accustomed to and you will not get it your first time playing. I cannot wait to see what modders have to offer in the coming months and years to make this game even better.
game-hours: 21.9
review: This a MAJOR improvement of the last Arma game. Graphics are better and the physics. I wish the damage system was a bit updated but no matter, Its so much fun with 2 massive islands to explore :D Don't waste $$$ on MW or BF... get ARMA. Lasting Appeal - 8.5 Graphics - 9.5 Sound - 10 Gameplay - 10
game-hours: 855.1
review: One of the better games i have played. It has a few bugs but when played with a few mods a good group of people the game shows what it s about and just how good it is. 10/10
game-hours: 1032.6
review: Even if its not on sale, probably one of the best games on the market. Infinite replay value. Must have.
game-hours: 588.8
review: If Call of Duty is a Hollywood "military porn" movie, and Battlefield is the docudrama on military subjects, Arma is the trip down to the local military base, spending time on the range and on the obstacle course, and learning the real deal from the real people. Its about as close as you can get without signing up. Arma 3 is a sandbox infantry simulator with a focus on authenticity, set in a near-future ficticious scenario of 2035, wherein NATO is but a shadow of its former (aka: current-day) self, and a new enemy of Iranian origin begins a localized takeover of a small collection of islands in the Agean Sea, leading to a potential "flashpoint" of a wider war between NATO-allied nations near the Medittereanean and the Iranian-led "CSAT" forces, with Greek-based freedom fighters and the Greek army caught inbetween. There is a large focus (stemming from 4 games prior, not including expansions) on realism, and not the Hollywood "realism" that Call of Duty or Battlefield would throw at you. This game has proper modelling of terminal ballistics (range, ballistics drop, penetration, deflection, windage), proper modelling of the kilometers of distances you'll oftentimes have to travel, proper weapons, vehicles, and equipment modelling and mechanics, and proper tactics and strategy implementation. How proper? Well the seminal game of the series, let alone this infantry simulator genre, was the penultimate "Operation Flashpoint" of 2001 (now named Arma: Cold War Assault), which led to the development of the Virtual Battlespace 1 and 2 interactive training simulator aids that are currently being used by world militaries around the world, alongside the next games in the series (with the new name), Armed Assault (or Arma). Whilst there is a singleplayer campaign of due note (and one that is highly recommendable to newcomers to the series as the campaign since Arma 1 has always been structured to deliver a solid singleplayer experience at the same time introduce and teach the fundamental mechanics of the game), the real focus of the game is in its sandbox nature, allowing a very fanatic and vibrant community to create missions of all kinds, oftentimes with a multiplayer bent, for the game. Many of these missions are in the Steam Workshop, a first for the series. The multiplayer aspect of this game is extensive and ranges from straight-up "hardcore" simulation fanatics, exercising proper military procedures, tactics, and actions, to GTA-like -Life servers, Wasteland (read: DayZ in Arma), and everything in between (Insurgency, and Domination/Invade&Annex). In fact, many of the aformentioned gameplay types are all community-born, with the different communities that play Arma oftentimes having vastly different variants of each type, with many having a lot of bleed-over into each other, or being a singular experience on their own. One's multiplayer experiences are oftentimes directly tied to the quality of the people that share the same experience with you, and Arma's many communities are a notch above the expected grade, with all kinds from laid-back to straight-up, oftentimes with people who are former and even current serving military. You wont feel alone if you look around, and the people you will find are of all kinds, many for the better. This game is highly recommended to those who feel that Battlefield is not a solid enough experience and want to get deeper into the mindset of a soldier in a more authentic worldspace, and want to see how and why military tactics of today work they way they work, from close-quarters battle (CQB) in room clearing, to urban MOUT combat and open areas, to infantry - mechanized - armor - air interplay and supports.
game-hours: 419.8
review: Makes my @sshole tingle everytime I play it!
game-hours: 103.3
review: Great game with infinite possibilites due to a sandbox world, if you plan on buying this game, you should also consider getting a high end cpu if you want to play on large multiplayer server.
game-hours: 764.0
review: Overall, the game is pretty good. I myself can say that I am somewhat pleased with it, the Map is HUGE and very fun to explore it's just with a 200 square kilometer map you would have more then just 14 air vehicles, maybe more planes and helicopter. They did mention they will be releasing new DLC for the game thank god I bought this when it was in Alpha. Otherwise I wouldn't be buying all that DLC. Bohemia in my opinion needs to step up their game and realise there is more to please then just the general European public. :)
game-hours: 3385.0
review: A-Must-Have-Game!
game-hours: 297.6
review: High quality vegetation simulator with plenty of things to do
game-hours: 37.2
review: so....many....buttons!
game-hours: 198.6
review: This is a great game, very in-depth shooter.
game-hours: 19.2
review: This an amazing military simulator with so many things to do! You can make your own battles on the editor, play the story line, or get mods and other missions that the ArmA III Community made! I wasn't sure about buying at first but now I'm glad I bought it!
game-hours: 1086.7
review: Best game i have played.
game-hours: 1341.6
review: This game is amazing, def hop in some altis life, if you are looking for a amazing server, search "Easy's Altis Life" he is a amazing person with a amazing server, you will find me on there a lot! ;)
game-hours: 145.3
review: Recommended to anyone who cant stand CoD. Please stay away if you believe that DayZ made ARMA III possible. Anyone else - go get it!
game-hours: 303.0
review: Best combat simulator of all types to this day with a varied selection of add-ons via the Steam workshop
game-hours: 2687.1
review: Some Epic mods on this game. Breaking Point, Wasteland and King of The Hill being my favourite. Worth buying for any of those mods on thier own!
game-hours: 298.8
review: 9/10 A fantastic game from Bohemia Interactive, honestly the only thing lacking is some real weaponry used today. It seems a tiny bit too fictional but mods can sort that :)
game-hours: 138.8
review: Its Arma, so I cant recommend it, if you ever played arma withhout beeing a fanboy you know the flaws and bugs it has cause theyre still the same as in arma 2 and thats how easy it is!
game-hours: 291.1
review: So. This is one of my Favourite games of all times, since ArmA 1 and CnC Commanders was released. People are complaining about the missing campaigns, being impatient and just douching all over the place because its not a CoD. This game is just like the best MIlSimulator ive ever played, right after ArmA 2 OA. Bohemnia interactive did a very fine job. It has bullet penetration. The soldiers are highly customizable and damn... it is even supporting Mods and encouraging people to create stuff. If you want a real multi-player and FPS capable game, please buy this. Its just amazing. Graphics and Gameplay is O-U-T-S-T-A-N-D-I-N-G. ArmA 2 Needed an additional mod, called ACE, this game here, does not even need any more realism mods, because it IS Realism itself! Worth the money. Fun to play. 9.5/10 -Acekiller.
game-hours: 461.5
review: Awesome grahpics and really realistic! The most realistic game out there!! Right now its in alpha but its really good for its state!! Theres gonna be way more in the offical game though but what it is right now is a good start!!
game-hours: 671.8
review: Really good game! Military Simulator with lots of gamemodes and great vehicles. It's worth your money.
game-hours: 6.0
review: This game best of first person shooting.If you play it with friends, you really enjoy it !! 10/10
game-hours: 460.1
review: Handcuffed by 3 men. Took my shirt and my pants off. They took deep breaths into the mic. All three stole a bags worth of blood from me. Hit me once with their fist each. Left me to die. Broke out. Found a crowbar. Killed one. Ran away. Crawled into a house almost dead. Had a friend come save me. I wasnt gonna be able to make it i thought. We went into another city looking for a blood bag. Upon entering the hospital we were greated by one of the men that almost killed me. The blasted my friends brains on me. I ran out as fast as the game would let me. I ran to a town. Shot after shot was fired at me. I kept yelling into the mic "You suck at shooting!" Nearing at the town i was hit once. I crawled up to the top floor and used my only rag to stop bleeding. By this point i knew I was gone. Tears were streaming down my face as I wished it didnt have to happen like this. I could hear him running along the floor below me looking for me. He came out of the doorway from the stairs and i scream "WAIT!"... He pointed his gone at me. I closed my eyes and braced myself. nothing happened..... I looked him in the eyes as he looked at mine. I told him the bad things i did. I told him about my family. My friend that he killed. I told him how what they did to me i had deserved it. I could see tears streaming down his face. He looked at me and told me something. He told me how he knew i killed one of his friends. He told me how the other was shot in a shoot out. His face soaked with tears he pointed the gun at me. I said "no need. we have both lost something." He put the gun down. "We can end this together. No need for anymore violence. We dropped our stuff and walked to the edge. I looked to my right and he looked to his left. we both said "Thank you.." at the exact same time. We both jumped off the edge and died right next to each other. i felt my soul leave my body. Then i respawned
game-hours: 120.5
review: Ok time for me to get around to this. At first, Coming from ARMA 2 vet, it was quite confusing to play seeing how control are tad bit different. However I quickly learned it was for good. You no longer need to scroll and select action menu. For simple item, you can just enter boxes, open door, pick up item just one click away. For complicated stuff, action menu is there for you. But remmeber, do use mousewheel select or you'll shoot instead. Haha. Also Gears are now Inventory. So thats I not G because G will drop a nade and kill you. Now for the game. I personally disliked the future theme it had going on. However, Thankful for Armaholic and super easy new mod system. I was able to mod the game back to current year. Not 2035. I recommend getting a faction addon such as Canadian Force or Us Infantry with NATO - Spetsnaz Weapon Pack. They will make the game MORE better. Now I am making scenario like madman and playing it. Love how you can customize weapon, love how you can select gears and helmet to use. (Grass Helmet for the win) Vanilla 4/10 with Mods 20/10 Also you dont need to wear pant or condom to play this.
game-hours: 108.8
review: If you are considering buying Arma 3 for the multiplayer there are a few things you should know... About the multiplayer: There are several modes of multiplayer. There's Life, which is like an role playing type scenario. There's Wasteland, which is like DayZ but without zombies. There's also the several military combat oriented multiplayer modes. Multiplayer can be rewarding, but the Arma community is extremely diverse in the way people play their game. There are some casual players, but you will also encounter real military simulation enthusists. If you like to have fun, I suggest you approach the latter group with some degree of caution. They're not all bad, but I have run into some that have Units (Arma's term for clans) that do uniform inspections, boring training and, in one case, would not admit women to their unit because it wasn't "realistic". Just remember, if you're not having fun then it isn't worth your time and you should immediately ditch those people that are being such a drag. Other then that, the multiplayer can get quite laggy, but you can usually find another server to play on if that's the case. And bring a book because you can expect a lot of downtime in some modes of multiplayer. The game itself is a bit buggy. It can break your immersion at times, but when it really counts (in firefights) it rarely glitches out on me. This is a CPU intensive game. If you have a so-so processor but a good video card you may have to do some tweeks to make the game run in a satisfactory manner. Overall, I enjoy it a bunch. There's a lot to learn and I'm quite happy with the game.
game-hours: 1839.9
review: best. game. ever. If you like battlefield but hate it for the things, you'll absolutely enjoy this game!
game-hours: 399.2
review: you can get the attack gunship at the start, so there's no reason to get killstreaks this isn't a very good game unless you like halo
game-hours: 252.6
review: Best War Simulatior ever.
game-hours: 833.0
review: A great military sim that keeps you engaged both in its story and its warfare. Its a perfect slow and fast paced game and allows for multiple playable areas whether you are deploying and picking up troops, running a covert mission with your nightvision, traveling by sea to support ground troops, or fighting on the ground in armor such as tanks or battling on foot. It includes even more areas of battle such as close air support (CAS) to diving underwater and traveling off shore to the area of opperation (AO). I highly recomend this game to anybody looking for a fun first or third person shooter that is very flexable with its battle.
game-hours: 726.9
review: GUD GAEM
game-hours: 1205.7
review: One of the best games i have ever played
game-hours: 850.6
review: Played this game for a bit, its a little fun.
game-hours: 109.0
review: The sandals are fabulous!
game-hours: 85.2
review: Realistic drug dealing experience. It's all about the hustlin. Can't never escape the Stratis ghetto. Packn' gats. Rollin past da police at 110. "Drop the dollahs and nobody gets shot, run we break your legs." No squealing. Here are some quotes to help you on your spirutal journey on your herb dealing. "Get rich or die tryin" - Mr Curtis James "FIDDY" Jackson III "Cause the police always got somethin' stupid to say They put out my picture with silence Cause my identity by itself causes violence" -Eazy E "Never get high on your own supply" -The Crack Commandments Subsection 4 When you smoke the herb, it reveals you to yourself. - Robert Nesta ", it's the cops. Gats ready boys." - Harry Truman "Go hard or go home!" - Tim "Tha Big Dawg" Westwood
game-hours: 757.6
review: Comparable to minecraft in its diversity and modability while maintaining a smooth and beautiful mechanic and graphic theme. Endless options for modding but also includes a campaign and scenarios for people uninterested in mods. Once you've played Arma 3, all First Person Shooters seem to be lacking depth. I highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 907.0
review: This game offers the experience of realism in combat of modern war. There are several different types of game play you can do. Like all miltiplayers, this game escalates in fun with more people you cooperate with. The community overall is very friendly and willing to help you out if you are lost or stuck in a situation. The graphics can look really great if your machine can run it. It is both a first person and a third person shooter, helis, jets, to all sorts of ground vehicles are available for use. Each vehicle comes with their own challenges on operating them. I would recommend this game to those who are seeking a real time, realistic simulation of what it would be like to fight in the battlefied in modern times. Many variety of guns are available for use and the maps are gigantic so repetition of landscape is not an issue. Personally I'm not the biggest arma 3 fan but this game is a solid 8/10 in my book.
game-hours: 162.1
review: Great game!
game-hours: 168.1
review: I've not been playing much, BUT It's an awesome game. For sure. :)
game-hours: 3.0
review: BEST GAME 2013
game-hours: 54.3
review: Robbed a guy for $1. 10/10
game-hours: 3580.7
review: Absolutely amazing game, especially with all of the usermade mods and missions out there. The campaign has been really great so far as well. I'm glad they decided to take their time with it like they have. I just really wish we could have ACE 3......I miss having run so nicely together.
game-hours: 393.6
review: by far my favorite game!! very cpu intensive though.
game-hours: 668.5
review: Best military simulator Countless amounts of game changing mods. 10/10
game-hours: 6.3
review: Slowly slowly getting in this game. Its got a little steeper learning curve to it if you played any arma 2 games. I heard today that a arma 3 epoch server is coming up soon. Really looking forward to. espically to play a new map altis which looks really rich and eventful. i would look at picking this up in the steam sale if you liked arma 2 or dayz mod's.
game-hours: 1482.8
review: Best game ever less lag for bad pcs
game-hours: 38.3
review: This is a damn good and realistic game. Very good war simulator and graphics are awesomeness when they are at high and when graphics are set to ultra or better they are fantastic! This is one of the best games I have played!
game-hours: 32.8
review: This game is amazing. The graphics are stunning and the gameplay is just great. Finally I get to play a massive war game. 10/10 1 Word: Amazing
game-hours: 10.3
review: Such graphics Much fun Many guns Can your computer run?
game-hours: 300.8
review: Very fun game to play with some friends :D
game-hours: 252.6
review: Best War Simulatior ever.
game-hours: 3580.7
review: Absolutely amazing game, especially with all of the usermade mods and missions out there. The campaign has been really great so far as well. I'm glad they decided to take their time with it like they have. I just really wish we could have ACE 3......I miss having run so nicely together.
game-hours: 419.8
review: Makes my @sshole tingle everytime I play it!
game-hours: 1240.8
review: Awesome, just awesome, with a huge load of bugs :D If you like military simulations you gonna have a lot of fun.
game-hours: 34.9
review: Better than Arma 2 110% if you can run it
game-hours: 1544.8
review: Come join the serious fun with ArmA 3. The newest installment in the series is not yet complete, but you can help with the development testing. Multiplayer is very functional. The modding community is vigorous!
game-hours: 181.2
review: This game is just wow. One of the best experiences I've ever had in any game. I really recommend this game! Just make sure your computer can handle it. 10/10
game-hours: 1601.2
review: this is realy a good game there are enough modde't server to play on you will find something you like
game-hours: 1551.3
review: Whole lot of fun. Have yet to play the vanilla game, or the SP... the mods are amazingly cool. Wasteland is killer, and Breaking Point= DayZ for ARMA3. Graphically awesome, performance is stellar. Ballistics seem to be pretty much on point too. Vehicle control kinda sucks, but this isn't FORZA so...
game-hours: 600.2
review: Had firefight of epic proportions. Died falling down stairs. 10/10
game-hours: 207.4
review: ArmA 3 is a military simulation game, set in the Greek Islands of Stratis and Altis. This is a futuristic game, using remote control planes, heat-seaking helicopters and amazing new vehicles. In this game you can play as BLUFOR, a teamup of the FIA and NATO troops. You can play as Independent, a group friendly to no one but the AAF. You can join OPFOR, a CSAT controlled team. This is less simulation and more fun. You can make your own scenarios and levels using the Zeus control menu or the level editor. The level editor is simple and fun to use. The modding community is big for this game, and a Steam Workshop is available to install modifications with one click of a button. Installing new helicopters, planes, skins, troopers and more from the workshop! Lots of new gamemodes exist, like Wasteland, Epoch and Altis Life! Wasteland is an amazingly styled gamemode. Complete objectives to gain money and buy new vehicles which come with the game. Pick your weapons and outfits, spending your money. You can fly and drive everything in the game, but you have to pay in-game money. You can join OPFOR or BLUFOR and assist your online team, or play as an independent player, being allowed to kill everyone. Altis Life is a roleplay gamemode for ArmA 3. You can play as a police officer, civilian or thug. Being able to smuggle drugs, steal cars and helicopters and fly around. The police can setup roadblocks, check you for IDs and can do what most police in real-life can. I would recommend this game for anyone and everyone, even if my description hasn't given you much it's a very fun game, easy to follow along and learn. For all of you who have the dream of flying in this game, it's so easy! It includes flight assistance for anyone who can't get the hang of landing and taking off. There are so many different servers, Wasteland being my favourite.
game-hours: 517.2
review: This is a really great game, I've enjoyed the arma series and with more optimizations this game runs better and looks nice. The physics are very good and not as glitchey as arma 2 but it still needs work. They are also still adding more features to the game and adding frequent updates.
game-hours: 477.5
review: Arma 3 is an AMAZING game highly recomend it
game-hours: 103.3
review: Great game with infinite possibilites due to a sandbox world, if you plan on buying this game, you should also consider getting a high end cpu if you want to play on large multiplayer server.
game-hours: 757.6
review: Comparable to minecraft in its diversity and modability while maintaining a smooth and beautiful mechanic and graphic theme. Endless options for modding but also includes a campaign and scenarios for people uninterested in mods. Once you've played Arma 3, all First Person Shooters seem to be lacking depth. I highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 335.6
review: This game has a ton of potential. I'm a fan of the of the Arma series, and Bohemia Interactive as a compnany. I bought Arma 3 back when it was in early access as an alpha. Back then, Bohemia was releasing regular updates that included in game content. I've become very skeptical of Steam Early Acess titles, but I trusted Bohemia Interactive as a company I have bought from before and have been happy with my purchases and received many hours of enjoyment from their previous titles. (Arma 2 and Carrier Command to name a few) Arma 3 Eventually hit Beta, and later final release. After the "Finalized" product was increased in price the in game content soon stopped flowing. Then the Karts DLC was released. I thought "Oh this is just some fun thing the devs made some weekend." I passed on it as it had a kind of high price tag for just a mini-game calibre addon. Now the Helicopter DLC came out. It costs around 16 bucks. With these helicopters came new game mechanics. You can now tow vehicles via one of the DLC helicopters. Keep in mind, Arma is a game that has an active community of modders, scripters, programmers, mappers and artists creating new content every week. That's not to say Arma 2 didn't have its share of DLC. However, for comparable prices you got a new singleplayer campaign, a few scenarios, and an array of vehicles opposed to just two. This is the direction I don't like to see Arma go. When I bought the PMC DLC for Arma2, it felt worth it. I got more hours of gameplay by myself and singleplayer and many more options for transport and weaponry in multiplayer. The Arma3 DLC seems unfair. The two combined are offered for a reduced price, with both DLCs (around 25 dollars) You get three vehicles, (A kart and two helicopters.), a few outfits, and a starter pistol. On top of that, this game requires pretty fancy hardware to run above a steady 30 frames. I've found that this a very processor intensive game. I recently went from an I3 processor to and I7 and now make 40 frames pretty steadily on very high or ultra. However, when flying or otherwise moving fast, I still experience some heavy frame drops. These don't make the game unplayable by any means, but they do happen somewhat frequently (usually when flying over large villages with lots of models, namely Kavala.) For CAS pilots, you're almost always flying very low to the ground, and very fast. The added frame drops increase the challenge of flying CAS in urban areas. Now for people who are using lower end processors, you'll find looking at a village, even not directly (through terrain or a building) will drop your frames by atleast five. For people controlling Zeus you'll find that lag increases very quickly for your players the more things you put onto the battlefield. It becomes apparant a lot sooner than you'd expect for a game on the scale of Arma 3. Speaking of scale, a word often used when describing the main map, Altis. Altis has a huge perfomance difference comparatively to other maps. Now, obviously, the bigger something is, the more intensive it is to render. I NEVER noticed differences in performances from Chernarus to Takistan, to Namalsk, to Zargabad, to Utes on Arma 2. Granted, Altis is a lot more urban than Takistan for instance, and to be honest, I'd rather play Takistan if I can go anywhere on it. I've been on Insurgency servers where going to Kavala is against the rules because spawning AI in there increases lag to a huge degree. Being a finished game, Arma 3 feels a bit empty on the side of vehicles and weapons. There are TONS of outfits, but I'm pretty sure there's less than 20 guns (not counting variants) For a game as large as Arma, you'd think there would be a large array of weapons, similar to Arma2. Aside from that, being injured and out of breath REALLY kills your aim, it doesn't really feel right to me but I can live with it. Also, using scroll wheel as an action menu is still awkward as hell, but you get used to it. Again. I can live with it. That's my gripe with Arma 3 right now. Here's what I like: Otherwise, Arma 3 has great potential. The Zeus gamemode is innovation I've been looking for in gaming for a long time. It allows someone to take the role of a Dungeon Master and create the story of the mission as it proceeds. With that it is tricky to be/find a good Zeus. Once you can make a challenging, but not impossible mission for your friends, it is a blast for everyone. It's even fun to mess around by yourself as Zeus. You can create your own missions, and since the AI is good it's still challenging. I love Zeus and hope to see similar concepts in other games in the future. Flying is very tight. Flying is as near perfect as it gets for me. I am very happy with the flying system in this game, I have not tried the advanced flying mode yet, but I imagine Bohemia put the same care and attention into it as the now standard, default mode. The land vehicles turning radiuses seem huge, but they are military vehicles. The singleplayer story is a lot more intuitive and better paced than Arma 2. I have not beat it yet, but there have been many moments I have enjoyed. It is set up in a three part act, much like a movie, the middle being climax/dilema. The first act is rather short. Other than that, so far the campaign is much more engaging than Arma2. The community for Arma, if you're not aware is terrific. I love being able browse for addons other users created. This allows units to personalize their gear and vehicles to better suit their playstyle (Navy, Marines, Airforce, ETC) There are tons of mods that make the game so much more involving and immersive. If you get this game, I'd say it's a must to download a few mods. I know I said the scale is too big above, but if there's some things Arma does right, one of them is scale. When your on Altis, or Chernarus if you want something that runs better, You feel like you're in huge area, and there could be fighting ten kilometers from where you're fighting. Because of this, everything takes time. Getting a tank to a battlefield to tip the balance of the fight is a hard choice to make, because that fight could be lost by the time the tank gets there. Gunplay and movement are silky smooth, however, balistics seems a bit off. Some enemies seem to just absorb bullets sometimes. Bohemia included modified stances so you don't have to download a mod. The modified movements are very useful. ~~~~ Some things I don't like that aren't Bohemia's fault: Servers feel pretty empty at the time I'm gaming, and takes a while to find a good operation. You can no longer host a forward private server for your friends, due to the Gamespy closing, Steam took over, I don't know if they'll bring it back, but that was definitely part of the reason I got into Arma. It was very easy to pick up and do a mission with a couple of buds. Too many Altis Life servers. ~~~~ All in all, I think Arma 3's path will change. The community got pretty upset over the helicopter DLC, and with good reasons. I like this game. I still play it today. Is it worth fifty or sixty dollars? Probably not right now. However, this game isn't by any means bad, and if you enjoy a more simulator feel when playing a first person shooter, I would say that this would be a pretty good game to get. Bohemia, I hope you gain my trust back. (Sorry for any typos, wrote this late at night)
game-hours: 74.9
review: I was planning on buying this game for an huge ammount of time, when it was in sale last week I bought it. I mostly bought it for Altis Life, but then I met the amazing modding community of Arma 3. I bought Arma 2 for DayZ and I felt really sad when there wasn't a DayZ mod for Arma 3 (except Breaking Point). After some time playing I saw that my friend bought the game too and we played a lot together. It's really fun when you're with friends. The game is great and it is worth it's money.
game-hours: 336.6
review: Great game!Altis life and Wasteland are by far the funnnest
game-hours: 202.7
review: $35 for Arma 3 - time to buy up you Jerks this is the sale you have been waiting for! See you in Altis Life, or Zeus or any of the other brilliant mods probably just around the corner. Battle Royale! etc etc.. Get your fricking pants on a PURCHASE!
game-hours: 37.1
review: It's kind of like dust II but different.
game-hours: 457.7
review: I've had this game for quite a long time but never really found what to do with it.,..until I found Altis Life! WOW! It's so much fun roleplaying as a civ trying to find his way on Altis Island. If you like roleplaying and are open to all sorts of avenues that appear in front of you, then this is definitely the game for you! Top Drawer!!
game-hours: 236.8
review: Altis life, Wasteland, King of the Hill, Co op missions and much more for Arma 3. Best game played so far.
game-hours: 1514.0
review: Arma 3 is awesome, even the fact this game isnt so intense like all these these cods and battlefields. At this point we don't have to wait for more tanks and jets, you can get them from armaholic! The movements of the characters are just more than good. Fortunately BIS said goodbye to Arma 2 physics and introduced more realistic engine. I would recommend this game for all who want to feel more reality than in battlefield or call of duty series. Everything you need its ing beast computer.
game-hours: 22.1
review: I robed someone in my underwear then another guy in an underware came and arrested me. -10/10
game-hours: 192.7
review: been playing arma for 3 years now, ruined my life Ex: "oh hey look Dragon Age just came out" *buys and starts playing* *2 hours later get message from friend* "arma?" *never touch dragon age again 10/10
game-hours: 477.5
review: Arma 3 is an AMAZING game highly recomend it
game-hours: 457.7
review: I've had this game for quite a long time but never really found what to do with it.,..until I found Altis Life! WOW! It's so much fun roleplaying as a civ trying to find his way on Altis Island. If you like roleplaying and are open to all sorts of avenues that appear in front of you, then this is definitely the game for you! Top Drawer!!
game-hours: 236.8
review: Altis life, Wasteland, King of the Hill, Co op missions and much more for Arma 3. Best game played so far.
game-hours: 6.3
review: Slowly slowly getting in this game. Its got a little steeper learning curve to it if you played any arma 2 games. I heard today that a arma 3 epoch server is coming up soon. Really looking forward to. espically to play a new map altis which looks really rich and eventful. i would look at picking this up in the steam sale if you liked arma 2 or dayz mod's.
game-hours: 4.6
review: assss
game-hours: 123.0
review: This game is horribly unoptimized, very buggy, and just plain doesn't work sometimes. Most MP servers are garbage and lag like hell, the single player campain isn't very good, and the vanilla game isn't worth anything near 60$. Think of Arma 3 as a foundation for things to be built on top of. This game gets SO much better with mods and other addons. This game is without a doubt the best military simulator out right now, and it gets many times better if you play with a group of people. It has pretty much infinite replayability and more things to do than you'll ever be able to. It just has so much to offer and experience. I've found that playing with a group of people in Arma 3 is an amazing experience that no other shooter can offer. Arma 3 really is the ultimate sandbox in which the possibilites are endless. If you can overlook it's flaws and get over them, you'll find Arma 3 to be one of the best games you've ever played.
game-hours: 42.3
review: 10/10
game-hours: 430.6
review: Arma 3 Is a Huge Step-up from Arma 2. It features VASTLY Improved Graphics. New Futuristic Weaponry, Vehicles and More. I would reccomend this game for everyone!
game-hours: 14.5
review: Was driving around with a friend in a car. Drove off a small hill, and proceded to stop moving. Asked why we had stopped moving. Friend answered: "We appear to have lost a tire" Walked 5km to the next objective. 10/10 would lose tire and walk to objective again.
game-hours: 262.1
review: Do you want a Army simulator where the professional army personal cant run farther that just 10 seconds? This is your game!
game-hours: 1086.6
review: Best military simulation game out here. 10/10
game-hours: 327.5
review: Wasteland 4 life!
game-hours: 280.2
review: I love this game, spent many hours into various kinds of game modes from Alpha to release. I have played many singleplayer maps which I have gotten from the Workshop, some I have spent countless of hours restarting over and over again, just to enjoy it a little bit more. and some I have played with my friends in various fun co-op missions. I have played various multiplayer modes from Wasteland, King of the hill, to Altis Life. I have had my moments of rage, and I have had my crazy ammount of laughter. If you like a good FPS game with a great ammount of depth and lots of replayability, then this is a game for you. If you like to sit on a hill far away from the combat sniping down on the unknown enemy soldiers, then this is a game for you. If you enjoy commandering a group of troops, hell, even a whole army in battle, then this is a game for you. Or if you just want to do illegal drug business while avoiding cops in Altis Life, then this is a game for you. I feel repetive now, but I really enjoy this game, and hope you do so too. Sorry if there is any grammatic errors in the text, english is not my native language.
game-hours: 79.4
review: ing get me this game someone pl,ease Edit: I got the game, it is a wonderful game. Realistic, fun and you can do anything your mind pleases. for new players I recommend Wasteland, King of the Hill, and Battle Royale
game-hours: 655.7
review: 10/10 Best military simulator I have tried and although it takes some getting used to its worth the money 100%
game-hours: 41.9
review: A realistic Military Simulator, this game is worth a buy. With the ability to create your own missions with the amazing editor and to play others with the in-built workshop support, you can have endless hours of enjoyment with this game. It's quite realistic, but still lacks many features of military warfare that could be put into the game. The graphics ain't so good on my computer but that's because my computer is 8 years old and I will be upgrading soon to see this game at it's full potential. I never played a previous Arma game so this was my first. From what I hear of the previous games this game doesn't really add much new content and is more of an advanced graphical re-release with some engine tweaks. However the modding community on this game is small at the moment but this is quite a new game so there's a lot to come! If you are new to the Arma series get this game but if you are a long time veteran then maybe wait a little untill you get bored of all the mods on Arma 2. This is a perfect game for any person who enjoys military combat games or would like a realistic simulation of military combat and life. Worth a buy in my opinion. 8/10 P.S. I haven't played a lot of this game at the current time because it doesn't run so well on my wooden computer and I can only spawn a few units without intense framerate drops. When I get my Diamond Computer it's gonna be max-out time!
game-hours: 858.8
review: If you are creative and enjoying creating your own missions and playing with your friends you will like this game. The community has made some great mods for this game also.
game-hours: 371.9
review: Great game worth every penny one of my favorites games of all time
game-hours: 294.3
review: This game is amazing! It might not be as complete as ArmA 2 but it is nonetheless fun and fixes some problems ArmA 2 had problems with. Over all, it's a brilliant game that will become more and more complete over time :D
game-hours: 8.2
review: When I first read the title of this game I must have been drunk cause I read it as "boner". When I fianally got to play the game I was pleasantly surprised because I did infact have a boner. This game literally has everything, wanna  some  up on go carts? It's got it. Wanna channel your inner hot  from the Hunger Games? Battle Roayale is your . You can even grow weed and 420 blaze it up in this circle jerk of a game. Imagine if you injected Grand Theft Auto 5 with testosterone and maybe a hint of estrogen, wanna know what you would get? Arma 3 aka a 12.5/13
game-hours: 655.7
review: 10/10 Best military simulator I have tried and although it takes some getting used to its worth the money 100%
game-hours: 262.1
review: Do you want a Army simulator where the professional army personal cant run farther that just 10 seconds? This is your game!
game-hours: 166.7
review: This game has improved graphics, AI, and voices over Arma 2. However, it features made-up weapons with really bad sound effects. Multiplayer servers are generally suckish, but occasionally you will find a good one. The real fun lies in the editor and missions by yourself and with friends, the customization offers limitless replayability with the right mods.
game-hours: 41.9
review: A realistic Military Simulator, this game is worth a buy. With the ability to create your own missions with the amazing editor and to play others with the in-built workshop support, you can have endless hours of enjoyment with this game. It's quite realistic, but still lacks many features of military warfare that could be put into the game. The graphics ain't so good on my computer but that's because my computer is 8 years old and I will be upgrading soon to see this game at it's full potential. I never played a previous Arma game so this was my first. From what I hear of the previous games this game doesn't really add much new content and is more of an advanced graphical re-release with some engine tweaks. However the modding community on this game is small at the moment but this is quite a new game so there's a lot to come! If you are new to the Arma series get this game but if you are a long time veteran then maybe wait a little untill you get bored of all the mods on Arma 2. This is a perfect game for any person who enjoys military combat games or would like a realistic simulation of military combat and life. Worth a buy in my opinion. 8/10 P.S. I haven't played a lot of this game at the current time because it doesn't run so well on my wooden computer and I can only spawn a few units without intense framerate drops. When I get my Diamond Computer it's gonna be max-out time!
game-hours: 1086.6
review: Best military simulation game out here. 10/10
game-hours: 858.8
review: If you are creative and enjoying creating your own missions and playing with your friends you will like this game. The community has made some great mods for this game also.
game-hours: 1542.0
review: Dont think about, it just buy it!
game-hours: 1.8
review: gud game lul
game-hours: 159.4
review: Arma 3 is the Best Game :D
game-hours: 121.2
review: Good single player, great coop multiplayer...when it works. The servers are rather sketchy, they don't run very well and there are hackers waiting to ruin your experience. Just this past week one of the servers was hacked 3 times! But, it is fun and when you get on a server that is good it is worth all the trouble. But, the most annoying thing to me is this has only been out for a year or so and the coop servers are already kinda dead and this is dissapointing. Most people only play Altis Life, the role playing section of the game, which I'd rather just play GTA online. If this is on sale, buy it. Wouldn't shell out the full $60 on it though. If you love tactical games such as Ghost Recon and Rainbow Six, this is your game. All in all 8/10.
game-hours: 26.8
review: Awesome Game!!!! I like to play this with my friends! :)
game-hours: 275.4
review: Good -Realistic (compared to cod or bf) -Fun with friends -Tons of gamemodes -Good graphics -Plenty of mods Bad -Overpriced DLC -Low fps (aka the game is not optimised) -Probably too difficult for new players to understand how to play
game-hours: 490.0
review: Led a small detatchment from the Stratis Island, trying to escape the exploding red people. We crashed on Altis, trying to avoid the Close Air Support jets in the air aswell as, you guessed it, more exploding red people. We escaped from the island with boats. 10/10 would die from exploding red people again
game-hours: 1542.0
review: Dont think about, it just buy it!
game-hours: 159.4
review: Arma 3 is the Best Game :D
game-hours: 185.3
review: A very fun but horribly optimized military sim. Its a great game and has a version of dayz you dayz junkies will be ok!. There are people who care about realism or just joking around so you have some choices of fun gamemodes like King of the Hill, Invade and Annex, Breaking Point, Epoch, and more.
game-hours: 1.8
review: gud game lul
game-hours: 134.6
review: To have any type of enjoyment within this game, you first must buy a computer that requires a Nuculer Power Plant to power it.... Then buy this.
game-hours: 1010.3
review: I hate this game
game-hours: 395.4
review: Absolutely worth buying. I wouldn't trust the relatively low metascore since this game lives from the content the community provides. At the point the reviews were done, there only were very few user created missions and mods. This game is very complex and deep. You will either hate it or love it, but you should definitely give it a try for at least a few hours before you judge.
game-hours: 1.9
review: This game always crashes. I don't like it. Buy it now.
game-hours: 234.2
review: ARMA 3 Beta, a beautiful place on the island of stratis, filled with wild life and plants, oh yeah, and did i tell you the place is a  battlefield filled with the monstrosities of war? The full release wont offer much unless bohemia has something up their sleeve, the game is going to lack jets, which is one of the main parts of an arma game, bohemia needs to step up and make more stuff, or get embarresed by mod makers, that doesnt mean the game will be horrible, the game will be very good, beautiful and dangerous at the same time, the AI was horrible, but was then made more battle effecient in the beta. If you didnt buy it during alpha, then you will be spending some stacks on the beta or full release, its going to be about 50 to 60 dollars, but from what i can tell, its worth it!
game-hours: 1.4
review: If you liked to play soldier in the woods when you were a child with no friends and still has a sick perversion for it this might be a game for you, BUT WAIT IT GETS BETTER... with no enemy contact in 4 hours and when you think you have found some enemies on that one hill you see all the time, you get so  excited you step on a mine and then die a horrible death and you realise "Those werent enemies on that hill it was just ing posts standing there for no reason!" , Now to the ratings! If "LIK OMG U CNT EVEN DO FUKN NOSCOPE 360 FROM 5 KILOMETERS? WHAT FGGOT GEJM IS TIS?" is a 10 and "This game is a very realistic game, with realistic weapons and tanks" is a 0 I would give this game a: go  yourself im no reviewer Would recommend to my worst enemy!
game-hours: 589.6
review: In the same theme as Carlsberg Lager being Probably the best lager in the world.... Arma 3. Probably the best Mil Sim in the world. Superb in game graphics, excellent replayability, user creation mode is fantastic. More than enough mods are available, workshop for the user created missions, if you can't design your own. One major drawback to it... It requires high-spec machinery to run satisfactory. If you really want this though, sort your machine out, then spend a little cash on this game. It's the most realistic military simulator ever. So damned good, it makes my balls tingle!
game-hours: 244.3
review: My friend blew up a friendly helicopter after we told him it was friendly. He said he panicked, There was one survivor*, 10/10 Would play again I love this game XD Seriously fun game though. *out of 7
game-hours: 211.8
review: Arma 3 is just as boring as Arma 2 until you play King of the Hill. KOTH makes this game, its the best. Worth the cash money just for that mode alone. Why? Progression, teamwork. And last but not least, friendly helicopter pilots will drop you onto the Hill of Death just for , giggles and points. 10/5 Oh by the way, its unoptimized like every Arma game, so to make it go from 20fps to 90fps you need to balance out CPU and GPU performance.
game-hours: 1670.2
review: Game of the year - IGN 1/45
game-hours: 1981.9
review: Where to start............ CONS the engine is total  !!!!. multiplayer server perfomance is poor the ammount of content isnt much at all (needs MORE WEAPONS) no shotgun............WTF no support for ballstics and wind ASSLOADS of bugs. some that are gamebreaking little to no support for errors most of all (steam ticket check fail) WTF IS THAT??? its been in the game since alpha why hasnt it been fixed. why does this game continue to crash randomly??? PROS.......... the community mods (better than BI could make IMO) VERY VERY VERY slow improvements flexability if you are considering this game PLEASE think it through, it can be fun but there are MANY problems. i wish i could get a refund honestly
game-hours: 709.7
review: A fantastic game with great multiplayer and the best mission editor I've ever played with. This game almost does ARMA 2 justice, it includes some great graphics options (Picture-in-picture, post-processing effects, draw-distance) which allows it to run on some pretty low-end computers (I'm running it on near max with a 6670! (All on high/Ultra with a view-distance of 3.5km)) The campaign is a vast improvement over ARMA 2's campaign including proper voice acting, realistic plot and some nice comedy hidden around the map. I'd rate this game 8/10 > Great campaign > Fantastic editor < Quite buggy (None which are game breaking) > Fantastic modding community < Lack of units/ a lot of reused assets
game-hours: 57.0
review: Walking through the countryside, hitching a ride on a helicopter for 10 minutes, and a whole lot of nothing happening all the time. Just like real life, 10/10 would wander pointlessly for 2 hours again.
game-hours: 602.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 4.2
review: INSTANT BUYER'S REMORSE I want to like this game. I really do. I've watched soooo many Frankie youtube videos of various Arma2/3/DayZ antics, and I thought to myself, "boy, despite the billion graphical glitches there seem to be present, and the staggering amount of complete aholes in servers, and the really, really clunky looking UI/inventory system.... this looks like it could be fun!" Team based objectives, mods that have huge open world survival based gameplay, vehicles, realistic (seemingly) weaponry, military tactics....at a glance, looks like a pretty decent game So, free weekend, 50% off... 30 bucks for a game that has singleplayer AND multiplayer? infinite modding possibilities? SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY, SIR! 4.2 hourrs on my record, I would say AT LEAST HALF was spend alt-tabbed googling various "how do I do this" or "arma 3 tutorial" since the in-game help/instructions/interface - is . I don't know if it is because I've never played any ARMA installment, or I'm mentally , or the game is simply an unintuitive cobbled together sack of confusing and unhelpful , but either way, prepare for a heavy learning curve. Some enjoy this aspect, some people PREFER a game with 400 keybinds to take advantage of their expensive gaming keyboards and mice.... I am not one of them. It's a first/3rd person shooter with sim aspects - there should be no need for you to be a contortionist or have a 2nd monitor with a keybind list up at all times. Honestly, a lot of the keybinds are whacky and frustratingly unintuitive. I get it, new things take time to learn. Like learning a new language. Like piloting a jet. Like learning how to script. For me, playing a game and learning the controls should be remotely similar to any of these things. I do not want to dedicated 20+ hours just to be able to navigate gameplay. It's not a MMO. Hell, I HAVE PLAYED MMOS WITH LESS BINDS. Not only that, but for the life of me, I could not get my extra mouse buttons to perform the way I wanted them to. Arma3 is the only game I've ever played where that has been the case. Get ready to spend hours scouring the web for 'FPS ISSUES' or 'FPS TWEAK GUIDES' for a game that really isn't incredibly impressive, graphically. All the same, it will make you wonder what your $700 video card and top notch processor, 16 gigs ram, SSD HD, etc are ING DOING. You'll notice, if you have monitors up on your PC, that they aren't being taxed all that much (20%?) yet performance is still AWFUL. Guides will have you downloading CPU parking/unparking software, entering a billion command line switches, sacrificing goats to the Bohemian pagan gods, but alas, very little you do will change the fact that this game is optimized like a bag of bloody . Don't bother searching through forums, 95% of people that don't recognize there is in fact, a massive persistent issue with FPS in this game (so maybe 20 people on all the internet) will just ridicule your computer or setup and tell you to "get a guhd computer, I get 60 fps, must be a problem with your setup,    !!!!!" etc. The campaign is horrendous. The AI is bad. Like, mind blowingly bad. Your teammates will just charge in, and either kill everything in sight while you're playing "realistically" (taking your time, scouting, moving from cover to cover, etc) or they will charge in and get annihilated. Either way, prepare to be a spectator for a lot of the action simply because your character is bound by the "realism" parameters that both friendly and enemy AI is NOT. Examples of this include the enemy have clairvoyant abilities to spot you behind that tree, rock, building, etc and the SECOND you pop your melon out for a little lookie-loo, boom, headshot. From 300+M. From an enemy who ISNT EVEN RENDERED. Oh, okay, I thought I was fighting human beings, not Terminators with cloaking shields. Woops. The enemy AI will have astonishing accuracy. Unbelievable and certainly not realistic accuracy. Accuracy that you simply cannot pray to match if you have been moving at all in the last few minutes before you raise your gun. Try drinking 10-15 beers, then playing that stupid game we did as kids, where you get a baseball bat, and put your forehead to the pommel and jam it into the ground and spin around and around and around for a minute. Then, pick up an assault rifle and try to aim at something 10 M away, let alone 300M away. (I'm not American, so as kids we didn't have the assault rifles, but the baseball bat spinny thing WAS a thing, its not just the 15 beers talking) This is what its like to try to aim down at an enemy after running 15 feet. For a game striving for realism.... yeah. This amazing and ultra realisitic military sim mechanic only affects you, in case you were wondering. Besides the game breaking AI and mechanics and horrid control system and clunky AI and awful on screen instructions - the campaign itself is a lot of "ho-hum lets traverse the country side for 15 mins listening to horrid voice acting (to be fair, its not AS bad as what some people are saying, but its still not good, and considering its the only god damn thing to take your mind off HOW BAD THIS GAME IS PERFORMING ON YOUR GAMING RIG, it just grates on your nerves). Literally, a mission starts, and they have you run from one in game cut sceen to another, with zero action in between, with a few fadeouts, and 15 minutes of walking... is this deliberate to bore you to  death so that when action takes place, you don't notice HOW  the AI acts? Perhaps so. Prepare to traverse the same stretch of not so pretty landscape over and over as the save system is another baffling part of Bohemia's design. I understand not allowing you to save whenever you damn well please (wait..no, I don't) but making me listen to same uninspired, boring, and inane voice acting while running up the same god forsaken hill for 3 minutes over and over and over because the AI consists of super soldiers who can no scope you .5 seconds after a full out sprint to prone is just infuriating after a while. Even during firefights, I did not get an overwhelming sense of "holy shieeeeet, war is scurry man, this is so realistic, only supreme tactics and skill and will have me come out on top in this conflict." It was more like, why the fk am I druken soldier with asthma who can't run 5M and raise his weapon without swaying so bad it's amazing he's even still standing upright? More often than not you find yourself letting your AI teammates do everything while you cower in a bush hoping you might get to shoot 1 or 2 enemy soldiers OR you allow your teammates to cannon fodder themselves and you mop up while the enemy is busy annihilating them. Either way, you barely feel engrossed in the action, and never really feel like a main player in the game. Don't even get me started on the UAV mission. To be fair, this is the single player part of the game. I have yet to really delve into multiplayer - I'm afraid to. People state (numerous times, I might add) that single player FPS is fine but MULTIPLAYER is where it REALLY goes downhill. Oh, goodie. When the game is made so inaccessible, it makes it real difficult to start it up again, let alone try playing with other people and getting into the lovely world of Arma Community friendliness. Better make another run to the beer store. Even if you're not a drinker, spend $30 on booze. You will get way more entertainment out of it. Hell, if you're really not a drinker, give the booze to a bunch of teenagers or your little brother or something. You will be better off for it, trust me.
game-hours: 11.0
review: Never seen so many bugs in a final game (that is out for some month now). In general, it could be so much fun.. an open world, a sandbox with lots of vehicles and items. But everything is laggy and broken. I want my money back Bohemia! -_-
game-hours: 231.7
review: A lot of people lead reviews by saying this game "has potential"... which is a really polite way of admitting that, right now, it absolutely sucks. It also does not reflect well on the game or on segments of its fanbase that well-deserved criticism is met with accusations of being a "Call of Duty" fan or a console kiddy or other supposed slurs on the critic's intelligence. I've been playing this series since Flashpoint and y'know, it's always been bug-ridden, poorly implemented, and heavily dependent on its modders to even be playable- BUT the series has been just good enough to be worth the aggravation and massive time-sink necessary to make it work... until now. The AI is horrible. For a game that involves realism in combat, where damage is more realistic and is dependent on squad tactics, the AI NEEDS to be competent if not excellent. Instead, the AI is incapable of navigating the terrain without getting stuck, incapable of responding effectivly to fire and totally lost inside of buildings - no, literally, lost inside. God help you if your AI decides to use a grenade because he'll just kill himself. The "Action menu" is STILL in the game and has been combined with environmental add actions that are even worse than in previous games. Face a door and click the action menu key... now watch as you transition to your handgun instead of opening the door because the action triggers are inconsistently placed by an incompetent dev team. This has been a major problem since OFP and it's actually worse now. You will lose many many many games, not because you made a mistake or were unlucky, or for legit gameplay reasons, but because the AI is totally- and I mean totally- incapable of doing what the game *depends* on it to do. The devs have taken to claiming ARMA 3 is a "toolbox" (when they're not insisting it's a game not a simulation- or conversely, that it's actually a simulation not a game- what they call their game depends on which set of their errors you're pointing out) in defense of it lacking a campaign. Fine. But what you get for "tools" is laughable- there's a handful of armor, vehicles and equipment, but it's basically just re-skinned copy-and-pastes between factions. Basically everyone shares assets with superficial cammo differences. Did you think ARMA 2 had bad optimization? Well, the dev team topped itself with ARMA 3 being even clunkier, slower and more bloated. Seriously, everything about this game/simulation when it comes to optimization looks like a rough draft of code rather than a finished product. It will slam even high-end machines to a halt because of poor usage routines, bad scripting, and other lazy shortcuts. What about mods? Well the modding community is a brilliant one, we've got some really really good people who really should get credit for making ARMA remotely popular (or playable). But BIS is depending on modders, not to expand the game, but basically to make the game WORK. No matter how good the mod team is, it's still less efficient and effective to try to fix a broken AI with an addon as opposed to fixing the core code. BIS is content to be lazy and coast on its unpaid modders, but there's only a handful of people who work on AI/game core issues (a lot work on maps and missions, but core realism/errors are another matter) and they seem pretty tired of doing this stuff. It's also a pretty sh*t thing for BIS to do, to release a full priced game with barely any content, crappy optimization, an outdated engine and terrible AI- but then expect the modders to bail them out of trouble. Well... maybe it ain't gonna happen this time. Hell, maybe they can't pull it off this time, even if they want to. TL;DR: This is alpha quality work at a final version price. BIS maintains that its games are like "fine wine" that "age well" when actually they're more like cheap wine that you need to take home and mix with fruit juice and a pound of sugar to be in any way drinkable. Arma 3 is yet another great concept that in practice is totally undermined and destroyed by what is either laziness or incompetence from the developers. Wait a year from now. Maybe the modders will fix this lazy incompetent mess and Arma 3 will be a playable game like Arma 2. Until then, just play Arma 2.
game-hours: 552.1
review: UPDATE 07/06/2014 I was a big fan of OFP. I am playing "this" game since literally 2002. I was hoping that developers will take it to a completely new level, not only graphics wise, but also improve and sophisticate its Simulation part. That didn't happen. Instead, what we have now as ArmA III is simply an OFP converted to COD/BF/CS:GO. This game is dead, and not worth spending a dime on it. PROS + Improved graphics, soldier equipment is detailed + Improved movement features, leaning, several sitting positions etc. + Bullet ballistics + Big areas available for play as an Islands CONS - Horrible and non realistic human damage system (aka CS-like) - Fictional and not practically realistic weapons - Helicopter can lift and carry a heavy MBT while it is using its main gun in the air... - Sniper can shoot a person sitting inside armed IFV... - Aircraft/Helicopter simulation is at the PS2 arcade flying sim level... - Tank/Vehicle control is simply W A S D + Mouse click, horribly simplified - Vehicle movement on a terrain is a joke, totally screwed up physics - Helicopter can lift 5 ton truck, drop it from 10m and truck continues to drive normally... - Flying physics for Aircrafts/helicopters is a laughable joke - Shooting enemy Aircraft with AA Vehicle is all about "button-press-hold-click" - TONS of bugs without attention. I do not see a value in this game. Developers should have been fixing the above issues and improving our gaming experience, instead, those clowns spend time on releasing trash like KARTS in order to suck additional buck from us! KISS MY A$$ BOHEMIA!
game-hours: 1232.7
review: A quick review (Jan 6, 2014) Key Features in Arma 3 Altis & Stratis Defeat your enemy on richly detailed battlefields  stretching over 290 km of Mediterranean island terrain. Much of which is boring, empty, flat, unplayble due to poor optimization or lack of multiplayer missions which could take advantage of the map even if it were playable. Solo & Multiplayer Experience military gameplay by completing the singleplayer showcase missions. Run through the competitive firing drills to hone your shooting and movement skills. Form a squad and team up to fight against your enemy in multiplayer scenarios. Single player is a work in progress. Hell the whole game is a work in progress. No content, bad positional audio. Boken server browser. Clunky performance. Little or no large scale player vs player multiplayer missions. The few missions that are playable / popular are cosntantly works in progress suffering from poor performance and glitches. 95% of the community made missions are junk, unplayable , broken or just poorly designed. Weapons & Vehicles Master air, land, and sea with 20+ vehicles; choose your gear, pick from 40+ weapons, and customize your loadout. What good are cool weaposn and vehicles if the game isn't finished, has no content and doesn't run well? Enough said... Content Creation Start creating your own experiences with the powerful scenario editor; develop mods for others to play; share and discover scenarios on Steam Workshop; join our creative community. Tools still a work in progress as is everything else. Revamped Engine Navigate the battlefield with fluid new animations; feel the devastating power of combat with the upgraded sound engine, new ragdoll simulation and PhysX-supported vehicles. Revamped Engine? With the exact same problems Arma 2 had. Low frame rates, high overhead. Game crashes a lot. It is pretty when it runs as long as your not really trying to do much else. Episodic Campaign Supplied as free DLC after release, the official campaign will be deployed in 3 gameplay-driven episodes: Survive, Adapt, Win: I didn't buy the game for single player but I hear the first episode was pretty good. Others are still works in progress. If you get the impression I'm down on the game your right. They released it way too early with no content, tons of glitches, bugs and little to no content. Its plagued by poor coding and optimization. They made a map that is way to big to play, has no missions for it, is a resource hog, feels empty, and brings even the most powerful gaming rig to its knees as nothing you can do seems to improve the performance of it. Now to make mattters worse they areh olding a contest urge people to help them add content to the game. One has to ask why they put out an incomplete game then opt to throw money at it in the form of a contest rather than hiring professions to do the job they should have done. Is Arma 3 fun? Now and then when you can find a game that doesn't lag or crash or get hacked out. Its not really a game at this point. Arma3 is more of a modern combat game engine / simulator waiting for someone to make it game. Its messy, boring, unoptimized, ladden with overhead and bloated. Arma has a ton of unrealized potiental but a lot of rough edges. BI really needs to focus on fixing and finishing the game. Its another prime example of a game that was released to early (to beat BF4 / CoD Ghosts) and now needs time to mature. If looks feels and plays much like you expect a beta to be. Only buy it if the game you want to play if endless tweeking of your system tying to get it to run well or you want to tinker with making your own missions which won't run well either on the "revamped engine." Save your money until 2015 or until the price drops to $30 or less.
game-hours: 21.1
review: you should get this game it's awesome and realistic
game-hours: 1593.7
review: GET THIS GAME NOW!!!!
game-hours: 1003.2
review: I don't like it
game-hours: 24.9
review: its cool if u like anal with no lube
game-hours: 341.3
review: myyyyyyyyy a
game-hours: 774.2
review: I'm not going to say, BUY THIS GAME!! because it's not for everyone, if you like ARMA 2 or military, FPS shooters (not COD, thats more like an arcade game) then yeah this game is awesome and is a leader in that market. If you think this game is full on, arcade style action packs bullets,bombs and metal flying all over the place, it's not, but it's just as fun as one of those games.
game-hours: 248.0
review: i would give the game 4102 meows out of 100 woofs
game-hours: 4.4
review: If you want realism combined with awesome FPS, then this is a game for you, if you want Small maps, repetetive gameplay, no pshysics(Sorry i can't spell that word), Same game every year in a row on more than 10ys old engine with a bit laggy netcode and same gameplay with same guns(remodeled) and screaming kids online, then Call Of Duty is the right choice for you. Yeah... I'm not talking about Arma here because i don't think it even needs a compliment, everything it does and it was suppose to do - IT DOES GREAT, not to mention the graphics. BUT BEWARE! YOU DO NEED A BEAST PC TO RUN THIS SMOOTHLY ON DECENT GRAPHIC SETTING. Long boring story: This game focuses on realism also as on gameplay, if youre a tactical player who wants a little bit of challenge and thinking, then this gam is meant for you, if youre a 12y old kid, then turn around and play flappy bird on your stupid iphone(yeah i'm also against ripp-off's = Apple). I am thinking of actually buying this game when i get bored of Battlefield 4. To comparise if you can run this game, check my specs in my profile, i can run it on medium-high(Without AA) with stable 60fps. My CPU is enabling me for longer(like 4000) view distance, which is very useful Imho. Not to even mention that this game has awesome community made mods for playing, as example of Arma2: DayZ. My Rating: 8,5/10 Pros: Excellent in what it does and is meant to do Cons: Not for everyone, but thats not the con? Well, you do need quite a beast PC, because if not, you're in huge disadvantage.
game-hours: 125.1
review: There is a dlc for go karts 12/10 its okay
game-hours: 951.9
review: A huge step up from previous ARMA titles, graphically and mechanics wise. A3 has addressed nearly all the features I wanted added to increase immersion and to make the game a bit more fluid. Although set in the 2030's, A3 retains its grounding in realism and all the military equipment in this game exists or could exist in 2013 . Pick it up early to save yourself about $20 before the games full release.
game-hours: 351.6
review: Good , better than Arma 2, but not enough weapons or vehicles.
game-hours: 54.3
review: This game is one of the most, if not the most realistic shooter game I have played. The multiplayer is a definate must especially if you can find a semi serious server where people work together to complete objectives. All in all this game is very enjoyable and the community is great!
game-hours: 26.6
review: This game is very well done. It is about as close as you can get to total realism in a game. This is also somewhat a downside though. It makes missions being done by yourself without any AI or player assistance very difficult. But if you have a group of friends to help you take on some of the missions, you will enjoy this game. The multiplayer is awesome. Before I found this game, I had always been searching for a game with a gamemode that has teams with about 65 players or so each all fighting over one point. The workshop feature makes the game even better, being able to download new missions whenever you finish the ones you already have. This is overall a pretty cool game.
game-hours: 21.8
review: Extremely awesome and getting better all the time. :)
game-hours: 895.3
review: Arma III is an infantry simulation more hardcore than than COD Black Ops or BF3. I'm looking forward to playing in more team-oriented groups, rather than a bunch of lone wolves. Dslyecxi's Tactical Techniques and Procedures guide is well written, team oriented, and aimed at the best player experience, rather than obsessive fidelity to actual ops. Also check out his Youtube channel for game videos of large scale missions.
game-hours: 18.2
review: Great game, Highly recommend
game-hours: 75.2
review: its a big world out there
game-hours: 429.9
review: This is THE game! I've been playing Bohemian's games since the first Operation Flashpoint: Cold War Crisis. Played all the next games and still love this kind of gameplay. They've been improving the quality of it ever since and now it is an experience only playing can tell. 10 ou of 10 stars.
game-hours: 21.1
review: Love This Game
game-hours: 496.4
review: Best open world, sandbox game made to date. Fluid movement, shooting and driving. Top tier graphics and draw distance make it even more impressive. The newer DayZ Breaking Point mod for Arma 3 is also very good for how developed it is.
game-hours: 2.4
review: Storyline is  (Like every time) but multiplayer experience has no end. I love the editing in this game it gives you so many options. Alot of Community made missions are the most played by everyone like Wasteland, Altis Life, etc. I also love it so much cuz its set on my country :3
game-hours: 113.5
review: If you have a good computer. And you like in the . Buy this!
game-hours: 541.9
review: Sehr geil fr alle Taktiker.
game-hours: 672.7
review: Great game
game-hours: 1334.2
review: Amazing game good graphics
game-hours: 30.2
review: AMAZING! Just wow, graphics are so good, its scary, (OH SNAP! GRANADE!! wait, its just a game! :) ) I am a Huge Fan of Bohemia interactive and codemasters, from Operation flashpoint when i was 7 (dont tell anyne :P ) all the way to This Beta Game, and for this price ( which is steep, but You will Never Ever run out of missions to create. want to kill a government leader? get a mod of that guy and do it! , and the ai are tough to kill, but if you catch them by suprise they are alot easier to destroy, and no spamming units in warfare will help, its all about strategy, and with the new uavs and ugvs , im suprised the millitary doesnt use it to train their teams, ( would be crazy to even think about that, but we have alot to learn from games... to sum this up in two words? BUY IT!!!!
game-hours: 275.2
review: Inconsistent performance, but you soon forget about that when you realise the scale of battles and just how in-depth a game it is. Amazing.
game-hours: 454.3
review: This game is absolutely amazing. It can be whatever you want it to be deliver any experience you are looking for. Whether that be hardcore realism like no other game imaginable, shooting with your friends and driving karts, simply taking in the beauty, and everything inbetween, this game can provide it. It may be slow paced at times, but this allows for a scale beyond all others. In no other game can I say that I had a good time in a mission, but also have used my compass more than my trigger.
game-hours: 202.9
review: awesome, everyone need to buy it
game-hours: 464.9
review: Pretty Gnarly
game-hours: 0.3
review: this is a good game it is fun to play but i think the intro with the helicopter is a bit to long for my liking i would give this game a 4 out of 5
game-hours: 278.9
review: This is a really good game if you like war sims and just fooling around on a big map with lots of weps and cars. BOTTOM LINE its just fun
game-hours: 74.8
review: BRILL
game-hours: 261.0
review: I have over 300 hours plus into this game and I have to say it just might be one of my favorite pc games of all time. I highly recommend if you like mass online game play and military simulations.
game-hours: 305.8
review: This game can provide endless amounts of fun and entertainment. It is great for being serious and tactical or goofing off.
game-hours: 7.7
review: die beta is nich so geil hoffentlich wird des richtige game gut ^^
game-hours: 598.1
review: Arma 3 is turning out to be a great game, with problems at the start which knocked my confidence it has now bounced back and is shining
game-hours: 18.8
review: Arma 3 is an expansive military simulator that excels beyond any game I can think of off the top of my head in both realism and graphics. As a PC gamer it is practically a requirement to get this game (assuming you like FPS). It is really fun and is potentially a mix of an FPS, RPG and Military simulator (with sandbox!) The Steam Workshop adds tons more content as well such as missions, racing mods, and pretty much anything you can think of...
game-hours: 190.1
review: Best ArmA so far es[ecialy physics of the vehicles, as well as its amazing graphics!
game-hours: 8.5
review: SICK!
game-hours: 33.1
review: Went to jail for asking a paramedic to give me a lift to the pub. 10/10
game-hours: 3.4
review: This is what a real simulator should be like. Not goats running into cars.
game-hours: 59.0
review: One of the BEST ARMA game i ever played!!! A must have
game-hours: 1046.6
review: great game, i have had it since very early alpha and i have a total playtime of almost 700 hours. the game is great in itself and offers many different ways of play. mods are also great for the game (dont get too many as it ruins the game) all dlc's are great and the game is a close to real (basically the most real game avalible) and it covers a range of factions and teams (military,civvilian etc.....) i really reccoment this game to all !!!!!
game-hours: 22.5
review: It's better than ArmA 2, nuff said.
game-hours: 2886.5
review: ArmA 3 (Armed Assault 3) is definitely the most graphically and mechanically impressive title so far in the ArmA series. However - despite it being "released", there is still a heafty amount of bugs and glitches in the game, although they may be small and more in the background than presented upfront. There are also more optimizations that could definitely be implimented that would fix its problem with inconsistant (few and far between but are still issues) crashes happening during multiplayer experiences. These issues have lead a number of users, both old and new, to see ArmA 3 as still being in beta developement. That will ultimately be left up to you to decide though. Besides these issues though, ArmA 3 has advanced from its previous titles in terms of an updated and continuously polished physics engine, numerous graphical improvements to drive immersion, new mechanical upgrades allowing more in-depth maneuvering in either land, see or air vehicles as well as hoofing it across the battlefield and already developing expansions to add more content to the game. (Zeus game mode) Bohemia Interactive are definitely heading in the right direction withthis title, giving it all the love and attention they can muster and, in my opinion, doing the best they seem to be able to do as they're still defined as an independent developer. Pushing onwards from their previous flagship; ArmA 2, BI so blatently wants their entire fanbase, present and future, new and old to be able to take away and share the same amazing experiences from ArmA 3 as they did from the previous titles. And making way to provide great enjoyment for said fanbase which consists of diehard veteran players and their amazing moding community which has put out vanilla content-worthy additions to past titles as well as already ArmA 3. Being new to the series as of the official beta of ArmA 3, I've gone back to ArmA 2 to see where ArmA 3 is coming from. Even though A3 is considered by some to still be an unfinished product despite being released with a pricetag of $60, I can see that my investment will be paying off sooner or later. However I spent $45 when it was still in beta. So you may have to look harder if you've only recently purchased it.
game-hours: 877.7
review: Love this game could play for the rest of forever just need to make the dlc free and add in new gun skins aswell as new air/land/sea vehicles. Other than this its a beautifull game.
game-hours: 588.9
review: i play this game sometimes
game-hours: 372.0
review: its awesome
game-hours: 1078.4
review: With over 470 hours so far in this game all I can say is awesome!!!!!!
game-hours: 561.4
review: Amazing game well worth the money, doesnt get boring with the amount of endless funny stuff to do, alot of mods and customization for game modes
game-hours: 303.6
review: I was introduced to Arma through the DayZ mod for Arma 2. It says a lot when a game is so moddable that it spawns other games... I've bought Arma 3 during the Alpha. Best money i've ever spent. Find a good clan/group/community and you'll have a hard time running out of things to do with this game. Cherry on top? The devs are mad men. They hammer daily on the dev branch and release monster patch notes every months. The game has a few flaws like the scroll menu that makes me sometimes lose my  when i try to open a door and instead change weapon. Ladders. Oh dear god ladders. If you want a good FPS with awesome vehicles. Arma 3 is for you. And when you think you're done... Go look at the mods...
game-hours: 238.0
review: Really good game, but a little buggy at times.
game-hours: 18.2
review: By far one of the best , or even THE best FPS game i've played in a long, long time.
game-hours: 553.4
review: Endless hours of fun
game-hours: 717.0
review: I love it :)
game-hours: 404.4
review: Arma 3 = Awesomeness
game-hours: 268.5
review: While it's definitely lacking in content as of yet, the developers are constantly pushing out more and more to add to the game as time goes on. It has sleek graphics and very realistic gameplay; incidentally, if you're looking for Call of Duty or Battlefield with tight corners and insanely over-powered guns and dumbed-down ballistics, you, sir, have come to the wrong place. As said by Runekn so perfectly: "Arma is not a game which you pick up at launch, play the campaign and a bit of mp, and then trow away. You buy it, love it or hate it, and then play it forever or trow it away immediately." The community is incredibly active, and if the game is missing something (a jet, or faction, or gun), there are modders out there currently hard at work making this game more incredible. At the time of writing, the first of three campaign episodes have come out, the next slated for early next year. The game is becoming more and more intricate as people "leave" ARMA II to rest for a bit while they pursue ARMA III and more Scenarios are being made (thanks to Workshop Integration). Overall, this is an excellent game, and if you're sick of CoD or BF, need a dose of excitement or realism, or just need a satisfying filler while the sequel [of CoD or BF] comes out, ARMA III will give the experience yourself looking for.
game-hours: 547.3
review: This game is a military simulator. Its very fun to play and instead of running into rooms guns blazing like most shooters there is a lot more stratergy in this. It has quite a few mods that you can download from playwithsix and the workshop now. Im in a group called special team delta and we do operations every weekend and they are pretty fun. Even without my group I can have fun on public servers playing Wasteland or KOTH. The story is very good and is a good length. There are optimisation problems with the game. I cant really get over 50 fps on high with my $900 computer but even on 15fps it is still playable.
game-hours: 294.7
review: 10/10 loving altis life,wasteland,battle royale this is a great game defos would buy an arma 4
game-hours: 217.8
review: this game is a simulation and it takes alot of tatics to play so if you like tactics and realistic games then this game is for you
game-hours: 121.9
review: I don't really like the vanilla game, also the old Arma II missions like domination 2 and insurgency are terrible. But when you play in an experienced group with a few hundred mods. It's freaking awesome. Vanilla I don't like the gameplay and their are only a few weapons. But with some mods this game has no limits. Try to find a group or clan who makes their own missions and you will have an amazing time. If not, good luck with the single player.
game-hours: 196.6
review: Best ARMA Ever !!! Love the attention to detail :D
game-hours: 2016.0
review: This is The war simulation game. This game has nothing to do with Call of Duty or Battlefield series, which i think it is more straight through. This game involves planning and much more tatics and strategy. In my opinion it is one of the best games on its genre. Up to 100+ players online.
game-hours: 644.5
review: Although it may still only be in a disguised beta sort of stage,its still immensly fun when you hop onto a multiplayer server (Try Invade and Annex which is what I'm referencing here) hop into a formed up squad and clear AOs with the help of coordinated allies. Zeus is also incredibly fun if you're into dropping people into S**t Storms. The ability to basically create your own batles is a very fun concept indeed. Workshop intergration allows mission creators publish their stuff easier and more people have more acess to it. If you want to buy it or not, I don't mind but you definetly keep your eyes on ArmA if incase something makes you just suddenly get the urge to buy it (Like many, MANY mods) and I hope to see you on the field.
game-hours: 335.3
review: a more realistic battlefield/cod when you play modes like wasteland or king of the hill; can also be fun if you play the dayz mod for free; battle royal, do I need to say more? get dropped on an island with 30 other people, find a weapon and "survival of the fittest"!; if you're the roleplaying person, who likes to deal drugs, have s (women, who sell their bodies to greasy guys) or just be a corrupt cop, then altis life is just the right thing for you! so in general, this game offers are great variety of mods, it's very own realism and it's not full of garbage kiddies, who flame and pretend to have made love with your mother (like the cod-fanboys, lel) 10/10 would buy again
game-hours: 25.5
review: This game it's really fun! Plus it has a lot of mods so the game types are endless.
game-hours: 99.3
review: Yes, yes, yes - you should buy this game.
game-hours: 162.3
review: the most immersive game ive ever played , (need a beast pc to run it)
game-hours: 403.3
review: If youre looking for a game thats both realistic and fun at the same time then this is the game for you.
game-hours: 249.3
review: I've never tried the previous ARMA games before ARMA 3, and i've never played anything like ARMA. Its a hardcore military sim that honestly is'nt for everyone. But playing this games, there are many spectacular moments that no other game can compare. The sheer strategy and timing required in a well planned mission is intriguing. The bility to edit maps and create custom missions along with steam workshop integration makes the experience more enjoyable.
game-hours: 150.9
review: damn straight
game-hours: 7.1
review: It is a great game to play. A lot of traveling to do as well and many things to explore within the world.
game-hours: 67.8
review: Why didn't I get this game sooner?
game-hours: 48.6
review: Extremely Tactical, incredibly fun to play with friends. For people looking for a real military spec ops feel this is the game to get. The giant maps and the ability to edit and create your own missions allows for infinite possibilities of gameplay.
game-hours: 581.7
review: Worth The Money. 10/10 Game.
game-hours: 598.0
review: This is the definitive shooter. Forget Call of Duty, forget Battlefield, this is leagues beyond those titles. From fighting as a lone wolf to supporting a team of seventy-two other players on land, above or below seas, and in the sky, everything feels just as it should, just as it would be if it were real. For those that love beutiful visuals, sharp skill curves, and of course, Bohemia's trademark realism, this title cannot be missed.
game-hours: 1055.2
review: Must buy
game-hours: 75.7
review: Arma is such an amazing franchise, and Arma 3 is no exeption. The game got over 40 weapons, but with different weapons for each faction, where two is very similar. In Arma 2 there was alot of mods, like DayZ or Invasion 1944 but in Arma 3 they added intigration with the steam workshop, which makes modding really easy. Overall the game is amazing and definitly worth getting, and I would give it a 8/10 with the only downside being what I feel as too few weapons.
game-hours: 827.8
review: Amazing 3rd or 1st person shooter that has a very realistic feel (aka simulator) hard to get bored with all the user created content and the editor. The controls can be a tad tough to learn at first but with in a few hours you should have them down. Being able to mod your game file gives you tons of customizable things to do. I would recomend playing with a group of people because playing this game by yourself can tend to get boring. That is the only flaw iv been able to find really aside from a few random bugs here and there.
game-hours: 599.6
review: Jogo totalmente MILSIM ...
game-hours: 262.4
review: its the best
game-hours: 160.6
review: This game is an incredibly good one, but like past bohemia works it has a long path ahead of it. Do not go into the Steam Community Hub for this game, it is a disgusting look at overrivliged and spoiled children who don't understand how the game works they expect it to run like triple-A action shooters. The Reality is Arma is a military Simulator: your character can get hurt from non combat experience, he will become incredibly exhausted after running and carrying heavy gear, one bullet from any range can cause him to bleed out, it take time and patience to make a shot over 500m away. The vehicle combat requires multiplayer players, if your driving you'll need a gunner and a crew chief to spot targets for the gunner. Helicopters are fragile and take practice for good maneuvering and landing. Part of combat is the journey from your base to the AO, it can be anywhere from 2-25+ minutes of NO combat. To enjoy this game you need to give it time, The studio is still releasing content (FREE CONTENT) on an almost bi-weekly basis. If you don't like the game than I recommend keeping quiet about and maybe return in a year or two. For better opinions on arma 3 go to the arma 3 community website, this steam hub is just a cesspool, much like how the A2:OA hub turned into a DayZ orgy a year ago
game-hours: 977.3
review: Great game.
game-hours: 160.2
review: Not entirely sure how much of this game I have really played, given that I simply took advantage of the free weekend (Who knows how long ago) and was hesitant playing it, given that my laptop has the processing power of a potato (And even then I think the potato is lighter, so yet another minus for this thing), on lowest settings in the SinglePlayer Act that was available, I was able to get a terrible 2-10fps. Despite all of this, I still enjoyed literally every second of the picture show that was playing infront of me. Riding in a helicopter, getting to see a limited view of the still beautiful island, seeing the troops and vehicles moving around below me, to shortly after scaling a mountain while taking fire from well camoflagued native soldiers, and rummaging through their gears to find the best sunglasses or helmet I liked, every moment was constant excitement, laughter, or crying behind a rock as I am suppressed and see my squadmate fall and need medical attention. Somehow able to survive all of that, with that terrible tract record, I thought "Hey, I lived, I'm ready for Multiplayer!" Having seen countless, hilarious videos of the Survival (or whatever the name is) gamemode, I joined that first, as a civilian. Not having played much of Arma other then Arma II Free to Play, and even then in terrible Fps, I expected a few people to be slightly hostile, but hoped deep down I'd find a good mate to run with. Shortly after spawning, I found a fully loaded M4-Something or other, nice shades, a backpack, and a cool helmet. A few steps down the road, I found a funny looking Frog-like APC truck, with gas, and decided to take it for a ride. A soldier on an ATV rides up infront of me, I stop and say "Hey! Wanna hop i-" and he's already off, pulled his pistol out and shot me in the face. 10/10, this is the driving force for an actual gaming setup. My goal is to find the soldier that shot me, kidnap him, take his clothes, pop his knee caps in the middle of the wasteland, and leave him there. He shall be mine.
game-hours: 160.3
review: Great and hooking game that keeps you engaged. If you're looking for a war simulator, you've found it.
game-hours: 1243.0
review: since the mod-community is starting to warm up on this game, i recommend it to every MIL-SIM gamer/lover!
game-hours: 3978.9
review: Armawsome, get it, play it, live it. More addicting the crack or cigs, even more than ice cream. If you end up getting and playing let me know, so we can multiplay. I been on this one alot with my buddy c0axl, we love to have a team/clan on this one. ~Blackdawg out
game-hours: 99.9
review: This game is so good I love to play Simulations especially Military simulators. I might not have alot of hours of ingame time now but im going to be playing this game untill it gets boring.(Which it Doesn't)
game-hours: 472.2
review: This game is great combines between FPS and simulation, in a realistic environments it got everything a game needs, starting with the amazing graphics, sounds, ambient effects, everything gameplay is great, & steam workshop got some of the best mods you'll ever imagine, great game, a must have.
game-hours: 204.5
review: It has turtles 10/10
game-hours: 69.9
review: One of the best first-person shooter games i've played in my life! Its also fun, and realistic, so is it worth the money, oh, hell yea!
game-hours: 650.0
review: Its a Good game, the Test on the weekend was Great
game-hours: 123.1
review: Very good game..but a little bit too heavy for a gaming pc..i have i5 4430 8GB ram & GTX770 and i can't handle it with 60fps while i am streaming..please just make a new patch for CPU cores because mine hits on 80& usage..:( i am playing on high setting without anti-allaiting on 54 fps on average..soo bad for gaming rig with 2 SSD's and some good parts!
game-hours: 98.8
review: completely epic...
game-hours: 450.3
review: Very fun to play, my favorite game modes are altis life, king of the hill, and wasteland. Overall great game.
game-hours: 973.7
review: I love realistic games!
game-hours: 256.1
review: As coming from arma 2 and what it gave was out-standing. Arma 3 atm gives alot to do from player made missions to mods. With time to come am sure this game will grow. The only downside is the fps lag and servers with lots of plug-ins and player count. Overall this is a great game and if you are fan of arma, battlefield or just looking for a game to buy i recommend this (10/10)
game-hours: 223.9
review: solid copy.
game-hours: 577.8
review: Initially, i bought this game because i wanted to play wasteland or something coming from arma 2. This was back in alpha. it sucked , and i left the game to collect dust for a long time, then one day when it finally got released, a whole new gaming experience overwhelmed me! Completely swept me off my feet with the mechanics that this game has to offer, and due to one of the latest updates being "Zeus" it has made gaming to a whole new level. Since becomming a fan of the arma 3 i now own 2 servers for a community named STDelta. Its the most fun you could have with a war simulator you could ever have your hands on. Would definately reccomend this game to any gamers looking for a challenge in their gaming. Live long and drop the the floor and do the dinosaur. ~Hash
game-hours: 528.0
review: Great game, its very fun but it would be best to play with a mic (multiplayer). They also have some great mods
game-hours: 255.8
review: the Greatest military sim, game and all of the above ever made. keep up the good work guys and gals @ Bohemia.
game-hours: 71.4
review: I really only play Breaking Point mod. But this game is amazing! even on the lowest graphic settings this game is beautiful! unlike Arma II(2) the inventory management is super easy to use! if you like DayZ then you'll LOVE Breaking Point! so much more to offer!
game-hours: 184.4
review: This is definitely one of the hardest games i have played, i mean, i tried the first mission +30 times on easy and never survived the first encounter with the enemy. I had to find a cheat just to get past the the first battle, but the next was just as hard. I don't think Dark Souls is this hard, and it gets worse as you progress. One annoying thing is when your character gets fatigued from running he starts to pant harder than a vintage German porn flick, i guess NATO must have lowered the standards in 2035. He'll start panting after ~30 meter and it gets worse if you continue to run, even walking makes him sound like he a heavy smoker with Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. But don't let the single player main campaign scare you from buying the game, you can have much more fun with the editor. It takes some time to figure it out, but you can make really good missions with it. The graphics is good, but you need a very powerful PC to play it with high settings. The FPS is showing when you do the changes so you don't have to exit the menu to test it. A joystick is recommended for flying the planes and helicopters. The game have a good variety of weapons, equipment and vehicles. The ballistics add a touch of realism.
game-hours: 973.7
review: I love realistic games!
game-hours: 1243.0
review: since the mod-community is starting to warm up on this game, i recommend it to every MIL-SIM gamer/lover!
game-hours: 1496.6
review: Great Game
game-hours: 745.7
review: GET THIS ING GAME GIVE THEM YOUR MONEY
game-hours: 120.5
review: Yeah I like the game. It just doesent have the ArmA 2 feel to it. It feels to bland and boring. Dont get me wrong its a good game but I dont see my self putting tons of hours into this like I did ArmA 2.
game-hours: 577.8
review: Initially, i bought this game because i wanted to play wasteland or something coming from arma 2. This was back in alpha. it sucked , and i left the game to collect dust for a long time, then one day when it finally got released, a whole new gaming experience overwhelmed me! Completely swept me off my feet with the mechanics that this game has to offer, and due to one of the latest updates being "Zeus" it has made gaming to a whole new level. Since becomming a fan of the arma 3 i now own 2 servers for a community named STDelta. Its the most fun you could have with a war simulator you could ever have your hands on. Would definately reccomend this game to any gamers looking for a challenge in their gaming. Live long and drop the the floor and do the dinosaur. ~Hash
game-hours: 528.0
review: Great game, its very fun but it would be best to play with a mic (multiplayer). They also have some great mods
game-hours: 255.8
review: the Greatest military sim, game and all of the above ever made. keep up the good work guys and gals @ Bohemia.
game-hours: 450.3
review: Very fun to play, my favorite game modes are altis life, king of the hill, and wasteland. Overall great game.
game-hours: 1623.2
review: Great game. The community is amazing and very active, the content in this game offers new gameplay elements that other games may not give the option to try out. This is a game you won't regret buying!
game-hours: 14.6
review: AWESOMEZZZZ
game-hours: 83.5
review: This game amounts to about a half a pile.
game-hours: 993.0
review: Arma 3 hits the spot nicely, loving the co-op missions.
game-hours: 405.9
review: Great Game! What else can I say?
game-hours: 288.1
review: Arma 3 is hands down one of the best war simulator/games that I have ever played!!! If you just want to run and gun then this game is not for you, maybe COD or Battlefield is something more suited for you, but if you are looking for a full immersion into what war is really like, then Arma 3 is the game that you want.. or the game that you need!! Arma 3 has hundreds upon hundreds of different mods and scenarios that you can play so that you are never bored. With mods like Battle Royale, Breaking Point(DayZ) and King of The Hill you will find yourself playing for hours upon hours!!
game-hours: 1091.7
review: Over 900 hours played. I'm sure I'll be well over 1k when all is said and done. While the singleplayer campagn is ok, the game's true potential is unlocked in multiplayer. This is a true military sim built by the same company that builds sim's for the military. With mods like Breaking Point, Battle Royale, Wasteland, and King of the Hill, it's hard to get bored. If you go deep enough down the rabbit hole, you might even find yourself playing Altis Life... the horror!
game-hours: 1028.5
review: Great Military Simulator but the best part is the community.
game-hours: 413.7
review: A fantastic military simulation game that will provide you with hundreds of hours of entertainment. It has a huge modding community constantly adding on new vechiles, weapons & missions. A solid performace overall & simply stunning visuals 10/10.
game-hours: 510.7
review: You either hate or love this game and I love it! In my opinion it's one of the best shooters out that that require skill. That is rare these days.
game-hours: 305.8
review: This game can provide endless amounts of fun and entertainment. It is great for being serious and tactical or goofing off.
game-hours: 7.7
review: die beta is nich so geil hoffentlich wird des richtige game gut ^^
game-hours: 598.1
review: Arma 3 is turning out to be a great game, with problems at the start which knocked my confidence it has now bounced back and is shining
game-hours: 2016.0
review: This is The war simulation game. This game has nothing to do with Call of Duty or Battlefield series, which i think it is more straight through. This game involves planning and much more tatics and strategy. In my opinion it is one of the best games on its genre. Up to 100+ players online.
game-hours: 644.5
review: Although it may still only be in a disguised beta sort of stage,its still immensly fun when you hop onto a multiplayer server (Try Invade and Annex which is what I'm referencing here) hop into a formed up squad and clear AOs with the help of coordinated allies. Zeus is also incredibly fun if you're into dropping people into S**t Storms. The ability to basically create your own batles is a very fun concept indeed. Workshop intergration allows mission creators publish their stuff easier and more people have more acess to it. If you want to buy it or not, I don't mind but you definetly keep your eyes on ArmA if incase something makes you just suddenly get the urge to buy it (Like many, MANY mods) and I hope to see you on the field.
game-hours: 335.3
review: a more realistic battlefield/cod when you play modes like wasteland or king of the hill; can also be fun if you play the dayz mod for free; battle royal, do I need to say more? get dropped on an island with 30 other people, find a weapon and "survival of the fittest"!; if you're the roleplaying person, who likes to deal drugs, have s (women, who sell their bodies to greasy guys) or just be a corrupt cop, then altis life is just the right thing for you! so in general, this game offers are great variety of mods, it's very own realism and it's not full of garbage kiddies, who flame and pretend to have made love with your mother (like the cod-fanboys, lel) 10/10 would buy again
game-hours: 26.8
review: If you are looking for a proper Army/War Sim this is what you need. Forget Battlefield, COD and all the rest. Arma III is a sandbox true as you will find sim. Not only that the modding community are 2nd to none, adding tones of extra content.
game-hours: 346.4
review: One of the most realistic shooters I have ever played. If you love games where action is at every turn and everything is tramatic , this is not for you. This game is about patience and time, waiting for the right time to strike and getting into position for the battle. Once you are in battle, things change and you have to adapt to them. Great game 10/10.
game-hours: 403.3
review: If youre looking for a game thats both realistic and fun at the same time then this is the game for you.
game-hours: 199.9
review: Great game
game-hours: 71.6
review: You really need to play this to realise what a skillbased shooter is all about. And it's fun to boot!
game-hours: 539.3
review: The best action game made yet (in my opinion). With mods its really cool to create your own missions/scenarios becasue you can build pretty much everything you want to, the only bad side is that the editor map can be difficult in the beginning but when you have learned how it works the game will be fantastic
game-hours: 1113.3
review: A great game if you like sandbox milsims. I'd recomend it if you're looking for a new game. It is being constantly updated, and it's totally worth a try.
game-hours: 3.4
review: My potato has 2 anuses. 10/10
game-hours: 1310.3
review: Awesome and with so much content it is an amazing military simulator/ straighty game that will be forever epxanding and modding
game-hours: 249.8
review: This is my first review. Arma 3 is one of the most realistic military sim you'll play in awhile. The realism beats battlefield, but is slower. At first if you're not use to it you will wonder how you died. After awhile you will realize that you were shot around 500 meters away. ARMA 3 is for the players who want more realism than battlefield.The game has many positives and some negatives that I can note. Positives: + Amazing graphics in some places + Big maps (2 really big islands, with one about 270km squared) +A decent amount of vehicles / weapons +Alot of uniforms for player customization (using the virtual ammo box, that is present in some servers) + A very good editor and a real time edior named zeus + Life like situations with other players + No annoying kids like Call Of Duty Negatives: - The campaign does not have a story that leaves an impression - The AI downright has no IQ - Needs a good computer - The map though big in some places are really just open land - Hard to learn The game has it's shares of positives and negatives, but will not be like any other game you've ever played. Don't buy this game if you won't take the time to learn how to play. That is because it will overwhelm you if you perfer games like Call of Duty.
game-hours: 101.1
review: If you're looking for a great game to give you some adrenaline, then Arma 3 is the right choice for you. Warning: This game involves massive team work on a large scale, if you like playing alone then this game may be too awesome for you. But other than that, work together to succeed! ( It Is Singleplayer, but I dont recommend playing alone ). War has never been accurate in a video game like it is in arma 3. Instead of run & gun combat, you experience patient and heart pounding moments knowing the fact that if you die in a mission, it's a game over. Work with your friends to find advantage points to your enemys and call air support if a tank has you under fire. And If you get it in maybe the leg or arm, you can always bandage yourself to avoid bleeding to death. Many missions usually last many hours so be sure to have nothing to do during the day and time in your hands. And if Arma still feels like it's missing something, visit
game-hours: 286.7
review: for all your modding needs. Hooah, Marines!
game-hours: 78.7
review: I started the game up and when I got onto the main menu, I crashed. 10/10 GOTY
game-hours: 339.7
review: It is completely undeniable that the Arma series is one of the finest series of video games on the market. And the latest installment, Arma 3, is no exception. The endless amount of hours you will sink into this game unkowlingly is beyond belief, and every hour is justifiable. The countless mods and gamemodes at your disposal is borderline spectacular, and not only Bohemia Interactive; but also the community, put an extreme amount of blood, sweat and tears into making every second as enjoyable as the last. From a casual player, to a Mil-Sim enthusiast, this game will be enjoyed and appreciated by most. As well as this, Arma 3 incorporates some of the most astonishing graphics, mechanics and customization options that many games fail to even begin with. I am truly impressed with this game, as some aspects are just flat out upgrades of the series' predecessor, Arma 2. However, this is not to say the game hasn't got flaws. Optimization has always been a problem with the Arma series, and that is definitely something I, and many other members of the community believe should be addressed. The game also has minor problems that do occasionally affect the gameplay, and in some cases, the immersion. Nevertheless, I am confident that the simply brilliant developers over at Bohemia will address not only these, but all issues they encounter with Arma 3. Overall, this game has got some minor flaws, that get completely outshadowed by its complexity, graphical fidelity, mechanics, customization and so much more. If you are currently thinking of making this purchase, I'd think no more. Even at full price, it is worth every penny. This game, and the Arma series in general, have not just received my respect and appreciation. They've earned it.
game-hours: 22.0
review: Arma III has outstanding visuals and a intense set of game play mechanics. This game is not for the average FPS player, its for players who want more from the average FPS shooter. All in all it takes awhile to get into but once you find a good community to play with you have a  ton of fun!
game-hours: 784.4
review: This game's review has had a long time coming from me honestly. The single most played game within my Steam collection is undoubtly Arma 3. It is one of the few games I play that I continue to come back to over and over again. I won't go into much of the stuff you can read about online through professional reviews; stuff like the mechanics, graphics, etc. What I will go over though is why exactly this game is a gym despite any short comings and why it has such a loyal community. Arma is a game that scales with your imagination. While not necessarily easy, users can create whatever mod they want for this game. Just recently I saw a video for a T-Rex mod. T-Rex aside, many of the modders for this game take it upon themselve to implement items and equipment into the game that the developers could not (most likely for legal purposes/trademarks). Missions are made constantly so there is never a worry of running out of something to do in Arma 3. With one of the largest maps, realistic ballistics, and a sometimes brutally hard AI, the game provides a sandbox for players to play whatever military simulation they could every desire. Games can be designed to have a small 4 man team infiltrating small enemy camps or they can be designed to have huge operations with several platoons, armored vehicles, and airsupport. My only warning would be to take your time learning the game and the modding community. When I first purchased Arma 2, I didn't play it for a year after my initial play through because I didn't quite 'get' the game. My brother also was not a fan of Arma 3 at first. This is a game you need to Google and learn about. The rewards are definitely worth the time.
game-hours: 363.2
review: Mods.
game-hours: 681.4
review: It took me couple months to master all the commands and controls etc ,but after that the sky is a limit ,10/10 Comrade Stalin approves !
game-hours: 75.9
review: Very First Minutes: Oh god oh god who shot me who shot me ?! 30 mins. later: I see you but I won't shoot you because I can't. 60 mins. later: ing campers ing CAMPERS ! 1 months later: SITREP Grind 061357, Enemy 200 metres R.U.A
game-hours: 571.0
review: Best Multiplayer game i own. Always fun playing with friends and it never gets boring. If you dont have friends its still fun. Awesome graphics and nice sounds. Unique gameplay that you never get bored of. For extra fun buy the Karts DLC or the DLC Bundle, totally worth it!
game-hours: 2024.7
review: TL;DR: 9/10 rating. Why not 10? Multiplayer FPS and stability problems. Why nothing less? Read below. ARMA 3 is one of my all-time favourite games. Yes, I don't have thousands of hours in it... but after getting back into King of the Hill (currently level 54 on it with 300+ hours in that mission/mod alone), I plan to change that. First game of mine to break 1000 hours... here I come! Singleplayer runs beautifully though note that, even on regular difficulty, the AI can, and will, shred you unless you play to the absolute best of your ability... but even then... Multiplayer, while not being the best in terms of stability and/or framerate (whether that be the fault of the servers or game's code), excels in other ways that games like Battlefield don't. Easily my favourite gamemode/mod/mission is King of the Hill -- 3 teams all fight it out in a ~500m radius circle. What makes it better than just 'run in and kill' like the Battlefield series? Vulnerable progression. You start out with a TRG 5.56mm; it's okay but you're going to lose most gunfights without the element of surprise. You want that next gun, scope, launcher or vehicle? Work for it. You earn money from vehicle destroys, kills, revives, healing teammates and sitting in the AO (the circle). There are other great modes such as Wasteland which is similar to King of the Hill but, instead, everyone's spread far out across (typically) Stratis. You can group up with people or go lone wolf. Kill people, loot them, get money, buy things, kill more people. The thing that I dislike about Wasteland in comparison... is the lack of progression. It's just a sandbox pick-up and play gamemode/mission. What I'd like to see happen with ARMA 3: - improved multiplayer performance and stability - free, non-DLC weapons and vehicles ported from ARMA 2 (and Chernarus too) - more than just 2 sniper rifles in Marksman DLC -- so many people are disappointed with the lack of content coming from these DLCs - something valuable and proper in the expansion of Late 2015
game-hours: 120.6
review: THIS IS A GOOD WAR SIM
game-hours: 2080.6
review: Played arma2, Loved it, Played arma3 and loved it more. I joined the AHOYWORLD team and thrashed this game hard since alpha came out and its great. Endless possibilities for missions with many servers, editors, mods and scripts. Awesome game to get a clan together for team play although just as fun to play alone or MP. (Server dependent): Custom faces,uniforms,vehicles,weapons,sounds,textures,Virt Radios and more. This game has so much potential its crazy. Although..... known for  frames 20-30 on mid systems It tends to make up for that in good times to be had. High spec systems will push up to 60-70fps but conditional. Script running, current spawned in objects and AI, graphic effects overload will hammer some systems. Overall if youre system is good enough to run it and you can handle maybe turning some effects down on mid systems its an awesome game sure to entertain and war sim lovers. 9/10
game-hours: 70.9
review: Great game. Shame Bohemia has decided to go DLC on us.
game-hours: 412.7
review: A big open wonderful military sandbox that is made even better by its active and passionate modding community.
game-hours: 27.6
review: If you want realism in a shooter, this is where you go. The bullet drop and lag make this game challenging along with the one shot death`s that happen alot. Using their new cover system. You can go behind cover and shoot stuff that you never could before.
game-hours: 69.9
review: One of the best first-person shooter games i've played in my life! Its also fun, and realistic, so is it worth the money, oh, hell yea!
game-hours: 641.0
review: Having bought this on day one, I do not regret it. I'll start with the gun play. Small arms feel weak against anyone wearing a vest, taking more than two shots to kill sometimes even with the almighty 7.62. However, if you play a scenario without body armor of any kind you should have a deadlier match. While I wish BI would fix the problem themselves, the Authentic Gameplay mod seems to help, or at least it makes me wanna go back to an Arma 3 firefight. Driving vehicles feels a lot smoother than Arma 2 in my opinion, thanks to PhysX. A lot of it is still off though, for example, the karts turn ridiculously fast. It's no GTA IV in the driving department, but it's clear they're making improvements over past installments in this department. Sounds are... acceptable. It's clear why sound mods are always so popular for the Arma series. They smoothened out the dialogue, but gun sounds sound weaker and quieter, though they can still be heard from some distance. The campaign is good improvement over the past, or that's what I think at least, up until the end. Although, commanding the AI or waiting for them to move can be a tad annoying, AI still need to be improved a lot. I'll leave it at that to avoid spoilers. Healing system actually seems kind of worse than Arma 2. The First aid kits everyone has heal you up 75%, so you're not totally good to go, but it still makes medics feel useless. Again, you'll need mods like AGM or XMedSys to get past the healing system. Content remains a bit lacking still. There's only a few civilian cars, literally no women of any kind, and no civilian aviation. Also, NATO, CSAT, and the AAF all lack any kind of transport plane. The only new sort of vehicle they added was either the Tempest "Device" or the Bobcat, a Panther APC that clears mines by plowing them. Also, the AAF only has mortars for artillery, which isn't good against NATO with their 155mm guns and 230mm rockets, or CSAT's 155mm guns and 82mm mortars. Also, CSAT lacks rocket artillery. Fun. And, back to aviation, NATO and CSAT don't have an air superiority fighter like the F-15 or anything, which interestingly is where the AAF makes up. If combat photography is your deal, Arma 3 delivers. You can create some beautiful scenes, or horribly gruesome, to capture with the Splendid Camera. Just go into editor and set it up, and then go to the menu and click splendid camera. The new Zeus feature is a fantastic addition though. Whether being added as a supplement to an existing mission to add challenges or relief depending on how things are going, or making an entirely new mission in the Zeus GM missions, it's usually excellent fun as either the victim or the Zeus, although like most multiplayers it can be ruined by awful people. While it may be clunky at first with the controls or function, when you get the hang of it it's a great tool for making other people's fun, or in SP editor preview, just making things for yourself. Karts are terrible fun. Enough said. Considering all these, I'd give it a 7.5/10. Zeus bumps it up a lot, although the weaker guns against just about any armored soldier, and the weakish sounds take it down some notches, it's still great fun to play. P.S. You should really ignore the people who whine about the "futuristic crap". Seeing as everything ingame is either feasible or already existant, there's really nothing "futuristic". If you wanna see for yourself, check out the forums, with the Arma 3 Is it Authentic? thread.
game-hours: 209.0
review: Greatest Video Game
game-hours: 47.1
review: This game.... I must say that I spent so much time building missions and never playing them. There are many good aspects to the game as well. I love the multiplayer where you can play wasteland, Life or even missions with your friends. I loved this game even though i had nobody to play it with and that is saying something. 9/10
game-hours: 83.4
review: best game ever ! you guys must buy it :)
game-hours: 8.4
review: This game has a lot of potential. Can't wait to see what becomes of it through the community.
game-hours: 199.9
review: Great game
game-hours: 71.6
review: You really need to play this to realise what a skillbased shooter is all about. And it's fun to boot!
game-hours: 113.5
review: If you have a good computer. And you like in the . Buy this!
game-hours: 18.8
review: Arma 3 is an expansive military simulator that excels beyond any game I can think of off the top of my head in both realism and graphics. As a PC gamer it is practically a requirement to get this game (assuming you like FPS). It is really fun and is potentially a mix of an FPS, RPG and Military simulator (with sandbox!) The Steam Workshop adds tons more content as well such as missions, racing mods, and pretty much anything you can think of...
game-hours: 190.1
review: Best ArmA so far es[ecialy physics of the vehicles, as well as its amazing graphics!
game-hours: 341.3
review: myyyyyyyyy a
game-hours: 774.2
review: I'm not going to say, BUY THIS GAME!! because it's not for everyone, if you like ARMA 2 or military, FPS shooters (not COD, thats more like an arcade game) then yeah this game is awesome and is a leader in that market. If you think this game is full on, arcade style action packs bullets,bombs and metal flying all over the place, it's not, but it's just as fun as one of those games.
game-hours: 248.0
review: i would give the game 4102 meows out of 100 woofs
game-hours: 83.5
review: This game amounts to about a half a pile.
game-hours: 993.0
review: Arma 3 hits the spot nicely, loving the co-op missions.
game-hours: 405.9
review: Great Game! What else can I say?
game-hours: 660.0
review: Excellent game plenty of multiplayer options to suit all styles of play although for full enjoyment i would reccomend playing with froends
game-hours: 60.4
review: really cool game when you have time to play it!
game-hours: 2.1
review: I still need to learn how to fly a jet :(
game-hours: 717.0
review: Love this game love playing it. Still needs a bit of work like adding new weapons helicopters but other then that its a great game.
game-hours: 18.5
review: Very awesome game, simulates how war is very well, If you liked Arma 2, you will love this. You can play online such as Wasteland which is fun. I've had this game since they released it.
game-hours: 29.0
review: I played the Alpha Lite, and was not too impressed by ArmA 3, I saw it on sale and bought it. I can say I do not regret my choice. I'm having a blast with it thus far. If you played ArmA series before, you know what you are in for. Content wise its lacking compared to 2, but that has been out longer. I have faith in the community to make some intresting mods for this game.
game-hours: 1355.3
review: Skaffa ARMA 3! BEST.GAME.EVER.
game-hours: 1783.7
review: About the game background: In 2001 the game Operation Flashpoint was made for the PC, it followed the Cold War era fighting between America and Soviet Russia. Due to copyright names in 2007 Bohemia Interactive created Armed Assault or ArmA. ArmA was followed up in 2009 with ArmA 2. Now in 2013 the fourth game is out. Armed Assault 3 is set in the near future of 2035 where NATO forces are pitted with a equally powerful foe. Gameplay: ArmA 3 is a very fast paced realistic shooter. With smooth controls and advance movement and stance options. The biggest feature is modualr gear and weapons. The ability to switch scopes, vests, or anything else on the fly to help protect you or assist you in combat sets this game apart from anything else. The AI in ArmA are ruthless and relentless, with advance path finding and adjustable skill they are able to hunt you, flank you, and take cover from you. Multiplayer: The game supports missions with over 80 players! Everything from Death Match, cooperative, team, squad, and unit missions. With the new physics system weapons are more realistic and so is the damage. The Community: ArmA's community is one of the strongest around. Skilled missions makers release daily content. Amazing Modders make new addons that completely change the way the game is played. Final words: While I personally enjoy this game, I do understand it has a lot of content that has not been added (yet). The development is always working on the game, and adding more conent but in its current state it only has half the units, weapons, and vehicles of its predecessor. Graphics: 9/10 Gameplay: 8.5/10 Story: 5/10 (next DLC will add more story content) Multiplayer: 9/10 Overall: 8.5/10 Worth every penny.
game-hours: 3.4
review: My potato has 2 anuses. 10/10
game-hours: 650.0
review: Its a Good game, the Test on the weekend was Great
game-hours: 123.1
review: Very good game..but a little bit too heavy for a gaming pc..i have i5 4430 8GB ram & GTX770 and i can't handle it with 60fps while i am streaming..please just make a new patch for CPU cores because mine hits on 80& usage..:( i am playing on high setting without anti-allaiting on 54 fps on average..soo bad for gaming rig with 2 SSD's and some good parts!
game-hours: 98.8
review: completely epic...
game-hours: 66.7
review: in my experence with the game I have found that it is even more cpu intensive than arma2. unless you have a good cpu i would not recomend getting the game i have a fx 8350 and i only get 30 fps. not to mention arma 2 has abour all the same stuff. overall all a 8/10 game
game-hours: 394.4
review: love it
game-hours: 609.9
review: best walking simulator 10/10
game-hours: 22.9
review: This game has awesome graphics+gameplay+singleplayer and worth every penny...Buy this...
game-hours: 1046.6
review: great game, i have had it since very early alpha and i have a total playtime of almost 700 hours. the game is great in itself and offers many different ways of play. mods are also great for the game (dont get too many as it ruins the game) all dlc's are great and the game is a close to real (basically the most real game avalible) and it covers a range of factions and teams (military,civvilian etc.....) i really reccoment this game to all !!!!!
game-hours: 22.5
review: It's better than ArmA 2, nuff said.
game-hours: 2886.5
review: ArmA 3 (Armed Assault 3) is definitely the most graphically and mechanically impressive title so far in the ArmA series. However - despite it being "released", there is still a heafty amount of bugs and glitches in the game, although they may be small and more in the background than presented upfront. There are also more optimizations that could definitely be implimented that would fix its problem with inconsistant (few and far between but are still issues) crashes happening during multiplayer experiences. These issues have lead a number of users, both old and new, to see ArmA 3 as still being in beta developement. That will ultimately be left up to you to decide though. Besides these issues though, ArmA 3 has advanced from its previous titles in terms of an updated and continuously polished physics engine, numerous graphical improvements to drive immersion, new mechanical upgrades allowing more in-depth maneuvering in either land, see or air vehicles as well as hoofing it across the battlefield and already developing expansions to add more content to the game. (Zeus game mode) Bohemia Interactive are definitely heading in the right direction withthis title, giving it all the love and attention they can muster and, in my opinion, doing the best they seem to be able to do as they're still defined as an independent developer. Pushing onwards from their previous flagship; ArmA 2, BI so blatently wants their entire fanbase, present and future, new and old to be able to take away and share the same amazing experiences from ArmA 3 as they did from the previous titles. And making way to provide great enjoyment for said fanbase which consists of diehard veteran players and their amazing moding community which has put out vanilla content-worthy additions to past titles as well as already ArmA 3. Being new to the series as of the official beta of ArmA 3, I've gone back to ArmA 2 to see where ArmA 3 is coming from. Even though A3 is considered by some to still be an unfinished product despite being released with a pricetag of $60, I can see that my investment will be paying off sooner or later. However I spent $45 when it was still in beta. So you may have to look harder if you've only recently purchased it.
game-hours: 305.1
review: best army game ever
game-hours: 256.6
review: Soup
game-hours: 1091.2
review: 10/10 zeus is to much fun
game-hours: 19.1
review: Hello everyone thematrixman here giving my review on this fantastic game. So if you have played Arma 2 this is a huge jump in the right direction. Personally I didnt like Arma 2 due to its crappy controls and bugs. However, I did like the big open atmosphere which Arma 3 keeps and even out does it if i say do so myself. I gonna be straight out with you guys I have not beat the campaign yet because of difficulty and just lack of interest. The multiplayer is really the way to go as well as player made levels. I recomend playing capture the island for it puts this game to its max and create the intensity of a real war. Overall if you are ever wanting to play cti msg me and we can frag some noobs. The commaning is really crisp and you often have to think on the fly which is great for people who like strategy like me. The A.I arent that bad as they can fly helicopters better than me, but driving is another story (psst, if you put them in relax mode they will only drive on roads). So I conclude that this game will provide you with endless entertainment and i hope to see some of you online. This is matrix signing out!
game-hours: 434.7
review: This is Arma 3. The game we have been waiting for forever to improve our arma experience for along time coming. The game does add lots of cool new features to arma but the vanilla version of Arma 3 lacks content. If you are planning to mod it and play with a group of people then i highly recommend Arma for you, But in the long run without mods this game lacks content. 7/10
game-hours: 1078.4
review: With over 470 hours so far in this game all I can say is awesome!!!!!!
game-hours: 561.4
review: Amazing game well worth the money, doesnt get boring with the amount of endless funny stuff to do, alot of mods and customization for game modes
game-hours: 303.6
review: I was introduced to Arma through the DayZ mod for Arma 2. It says a lot when a game is so moddable that it spawns other games... I've bought Arma 3 during the Alpha. Best money i've ever spent. Find a good clan/group/community and you'll have a hard time running out of things to do with this game. Cherry on top? The devs are mad men. They hammer daily on the dev branch and release monster patch notes every months. The game has a few flaws like the scroll menu that makes me sometimes lose my  when i try to open a door and instead change weapon. Ladders. Oh dear god ladders. If you want a good FPS with awesome vehicles. Arma 3 is for you. And when you think you're done... Go look at the mods...
game-hours: 238.0
review: Really good game, but a little buggy at times.
game-hours: 18.2
review: By far one of the best , or even THE best FPS game i've played in a long, long time.
game-hours: 553.4
review: Endless hours of fun
game-hours: 717.0
review: I love it :)
game-hours: 404.4
review: Arma 3 = Awesomeness
game-hours: 268.5
review: While it's definitely lacking in content as of yet, the developers are constantly pushing out more and more to add to the game as time goes on. It has sleek graphics and very realistic gameplay; incidentally, if you're looking for Call of Duty or Battlefield with tight corners and insanely over-powered guns and dumbed-down ballistics, you, sir, have come to the wrong place. As said by Runekn so perfectly: "Arma is not a game which you pick up at launch, play the campaign and a bit of mp, and then trow away. You buy it, love it or hate it, and then play it forever or trow it away immediately." The community is incredibly active, and if the game is missing something (a jet, or faction, or gun), there are modders out there currently hard at work making this game more incredible. At the time of writing, the first of three campaign episodes have come out, the next slated for early next year. The game is becoming more and more intricate as people "leave" ARMA II to rest for a bit while they pursue ARMA III and more Scenarios are being made (thanks to Workshop Integration). Overall, this is an excellent game, and if you're sick of CoD or BF, need a dose of excitement or realism, or just need a satisfying filler while the sequel [of CoD or BF] comes out, ARMA III will give the experience yourself looking for.
game-hours: 152.6
review: I love this game, I genuinly cannot play other FPS games without thinking "Why don't I just play Arma?". It has completely changed what I expect from FPS games and I look forward to continuing to play this game as it grows in both features and community made mods.
game-hours: 544.5
review: Unique game. This doesn't count as a shooter, its a military simulator, but with good reason. The term "shooter" is used loosely to designate any game with guns. In this game, understanding military language, logistics, and tactics is just as important as having enough ammo and good aim. I rate this game highly, but don't walk into this expecting guns ablazing and being an insane tank able to take down platoons of dudes. It's for its own crowd, it's up to you to figure out if you are/want to be part of that crowd.
game-hours: 383.2
review: A great continuation of a very successful series from a community oriented developer.
game-hours: 487.6
review: this game is fun i have had loads of fun theres plenty of game modes and mods so engoy your self 10/10 would play it again
game-hours: 0.8
review: The most realistic war simulator ever made. I won't give it a 10/10 because of its bad support for old graphics cards. 9/10
game-hours: 196.6
review: This game is amazing. Straight up no ifs ands or buts about it. It does fall short in some areas compared to previous titles, for example the vehicle selection is tiny compared to ARMA2 but this will likely change over the course of the game's life as BI is releasing new content in sections like the campaign. Then of course there are the myriad of mods to tide you over :). If you're at all into Milsim or Hardcore FPS games you're probably going to love this. The game's biggest strength is simply that you can do almost anything you want to in it. You want to drive into the target area with a sub, swim to shore and rise out of the water like a Navy S.E.A.L? You can do that. Want to fly in in an AH-6 loaded for bear? You can do that, want to fly a jet? Drive a tank? Skydive? Attack at night? Use a mortar? Be a sniper? Fly an attack heli? Or just go in as a footsoldier? ARMA 3's got you covered. It's as it is advertised...the ultimate military sandbox. Probably going to be my favourite or one of my favourite games of 2013 and 2014 especially in terms of longevity.
game-hours: 357.5
review: "My game crashed" - Everyone
game-hours: 51.0
review: Its a good game and with Altis Life the best game :D
game-hours: 1088.3
review: This a very fun and never boring game!
game-hours: 61.5
review: 10/10
game-hours: 547.3
review: This game is a military simulator. Its very fun to play and instead of running into rooms guns blazing like most shooters there is a lot more stratergy in this. It has quite a few mods that you can download from playwithsix and the workshop now. Im in a group called special team delta and we do operations every weekend and they are pretty fun. Even without my group I can have fun on public servers playing Wasteland or KOTH. The story is very good and is a good length. There are optimisation problems with the game. I cant really get over 50 fps on high with my $900 computer but even on 15fps it is still playable.
game-hours: 294.7
review: 10/10 loving altis life,wasteland,battle royale this is a great game defos would buy an arma 4
game-hours: 9.9
review: Arma 3 is an amzing game. If you owned Arma 2 and experienced terrible FPS, then this is the game for you. They amazingly increased the FPS in the game, and it has amazing graphics.
game-hours: 632.4
review: Arma 3 is an absolutely amazing game. Some servers can be laggy but that is not the games fault. It is such a good game with many things to do and the graphics are amazing its just like real life (in a way) Arma 3 is amazing.
game-hours: 53.3
review: Arma 3 is a game you will either love or hate. VES2 is the actual Simulator this game is based off of, and yes, "Simulator". No rambos in this game. No running into a little hut with a .50 in one hand and an RPG in another blasting guys who all take 5 years to aim their gun at you. Rather you've been walking for a half hour with no enemy contacts, then in seconds you have BMPs on your  like its WW3. Save: Do I? Run north through the town and try to hug the walls. Nope, BMP painted you from the hill to the NE. Double back around the coastline. Nope, a chopper just landed some spetznaz looking dudes on the coast who take you down without reservation. Turn east and run straight for the trees. Nope, that BMP to the NE is still holding you down. No no no no. Since you're flanked to the front and rear its advised to draw fire from both, crossing their firelines and reducing their shock value, even slowing down the SF behind you as a BMP is firing in their direction. Now that the BMP to the NE has shifted into the town to avoid friendly fire, you have only one chance to book it east into the trees. Which isn't easy with SF on your . Everyone knows how "clunky" arma can be. When comparing it to medal of honor or call of duty, then yeah it's a pretty clunky game. It's like the actor actually has to catch his footing before running rather than kind've "gliding" atop the surface. Oh and "gahd this game sucks i cant even get into a doorway", because your freakin sniper rifle is clipping the doorframe. Because afterall in real life soldiers just clip their rifles through walls to get around tight hallways. tl;dr, if you have always wanted a game that made you feel like a real soldier in a massive battle, this is the one for you. If you want Akimbo Uzis and love to spam insults at the other players, stick to Call of Duty.
game-hours: 87.1
review: If you are looking for another FPS to play like COD, this is not for you. This game brings a much larger meaning to combat oriented games. The situations that you have to adapt to, the fact that the map is about 19 sq. km, and how fluid everything is compared to Arma II, thesse are all factors of the this game that stand out to me the most. This game is not for any COD player (or Battlefield at that) that just wants to shoot people for fun. Once you get used to everything and how the game is played, it really latches on to you. Especially when you have some buddies to bring with you.
game-hours: 1041.7
review: An amazing game! 6.5/10 As I started from the Alpha of ArmA 3, I noticed as the game progressed I lost my ability to not only run the game once it hit beta but also blue screened three times. I've had multiple problems and even mangaged to fix the issue after hours and hours of searching for the answer to the issues. Now as Beta was a complete horror and full release was right around the corner I decided like many others to quit playing and go back to some good old ArmA 2 A.C.E. and waited till the games full release. As I was pumped for the full release I noticed that nothing had changed from the beta. Same maps, same vehicles, same sounds, same weapons, and same factions. The lack of things for the Sea was a huge disappointment because the ArmA 3 engine actually has a working water system and it was completely wasted. The lack of Air vehicles especially no big cargo plane makes traveling on altis boring and hard to move from place to place. Although it says its a ArmA game I dont feel as if it compares to its counter parts. Yes, a graphical update has been put up for the game itself but after playing ArmA 2. I dont feel the immersion of ArmA:Gold Edition and ArmA 2 in ArmA 3. but, it does have alot of neat things like futuristic vehicles, amazing hud system, stance system, amazing animations, ability for both customization over weaponary/uniform and a bunch of downloadable mods/maps that can keep you playing for hours just like ArmA 2. I'm just disappointed that they didn't take their time on this game. Why couldn't they have made this game better by looking at what players loved in the previous games like the ACE mod or even some of the other cool things like I44, VTE, and etc. Although all the bad things I have said its still a game in development and could possibly have a big turn around. I just hope this game becomes better in the future so I can start enjoying it again.
game-hours: 263.6
review: I've started playing Altis Life , bought some stuff and a car , and after some time I got killed by a desync.(Altis players will know what I mean) 10/10 but avoid other people
game-hours: 1197.0
review: I used to play a little bit of Arma 2 back in the day, but Arma 3 sure takes the series to the next level. The game runs better and smoother in general. The graphical detail is sure as hell better, it's basically a repackaged Arma 2 without cheap and incorrect copy and paste like EA's BF4. Most of the games content is user created; by you and others within the Arma community so you'll never get bored. It's Arma so it's buggy, but that's fine. If you played or like Arma 2 or Operation Flashpoint, there is no reason that you shouldn't buy this game. Excellent Game, best $35 spent on Steam. 9/10. I'd give 10/10 if there was more official content. Start by playing the base game and it's campaign and server downloadable mods, then download yourself some proper mods like Battle Royale or Breaking Point.
game-hours: 309.0
review: One of the best FPS/TPS games i've ever played. If u like tactics, simulation and hardcore - try ArmA III
game-hours: 747.4
review: This game where do we start..... Well for starts is a good game with alot of game modes by default. King of the hill is probably one of the good ones for solo players or domination if you like teamplay. So this game is by no means bad vanilla but there is a problem, it suffers from the same thing that titanfall does. It lacks content of course there are a plethura of things to do but what the game does on its on really isent enough. That being said this game truely shines with its modabilatiy and is best played with mods as they improve the gameplay alot. So overall its a good game and I would buy again if it were lost somehow.
game-hours: 905.1
review: Keeping it real - Bohemia is one of very few developers making games for the PC platform. Besides beeing a very beautiful game, the frenchise is pushing the envelope and bringing you a community game - modable and keeping you, the player, the most important part of the game. On todays games-market, the ArmA experience is like no other. This game is one of the reasons why we still buy Personal Computers - cus' we like to play Personal Games :) Buy it!!
game-hours: 53.6
review: This is one of those games you get because of the mods. The core game is nice, but the mods is what really makes it. Battle Royale, Arma 3 DayZ, Altis Life RPG, and many more things to do with this masterpiece military simulator. It's a big step up from Arma 2, however Arma 2 (inc. Operation Arrowhead) have a few more things this doesn't have (like Island Life). Great game overall.
game-hours: 48.5
review: This is my first review. Arma 3 is one of the most realistic military sim you'll play in awhile. The realism beats battlefield, but is slower. At first if you're not use to it you will wonder how you died. After awhile you will realize that you were shot around 500 meters away. ARMA 3 is for the players who want more realism than battlefield.The game has many positives and some negatives that I can note. Positives: + Amazing graphics in some places + Big maps (2 really big islands, with one about 270km squared) +A decent amount of vehicles / weapons +Alot of uniforms for player customization (using the virtual ammo box, that is present in some servers) + A very good editor and a real time edior named zeus + Life like situations with other players + No annoying kids like Call Of Duty Negatives: - The campaign does not have a story that leaves an impression - The AI downright has no IQ - Needs a good computer - The map though big in some places are really just open land - Hard to learn The game has it's shares of positives and negatives, but will not be like any other game you've ever played. Don't buy this game if you won't take the time to learn how to play. That is because it will overwhelm you if you perfer games like Call of Duty.
game-hours: 101.1
review: If you're looking for a great game to give you some adrenaline, then Arma 3 is the right choice for you. Warning: This game involves massive team work on a large scale, if you like playing alone then this game may be too awesome for you. But other than that, work together to succeed! ( It Is Singleplayer, but I dont recommend playing alone ). War has never been accurate in a video game like it is in arma 3. Instead of run & gun combat, you experience patient and heart pounding moments knowing the fact that if you die in a mission, it's a game over. Work with your friends to find advantage points to your enemys and call air support if a tank has you under fire. And If you get it in maybe the leg or arm, you can always bandage yourself to avoid bleeding to death. Many missions usually last many hours so be sure to have nothing to do during the day and time in your hands. And if Arma still feels like it's missing something, visit
game-hours: 286.7
review: for all your modding needs. Hooah, Marines!
game-hours: 78.7
review: I started the game up and when I got onto the main menu, I crashed. 10/10 GOTY
game-hours: 339.7
review: It is completely undeniable that the Arma series is one of the finest series of video games on the market. And the latest installment, Arma 3, is no exception. The endless amount of hours you will sink into this game unkowlingly is beyond belief, and every hour is justifiable. The countless mods and gamemodes at your disposal is borderline spectacular, and not only Bohemia Interactive; but also the community, put an extreme amount of blood, sweat and tears into making every second as enjoyable as the last. From a casual player, to a Mil-Sim enthusiast, this game will be enjoyed and appreciated by most. As well as this, Arma 3 incorporates some of the most astonishing graphics, mechanics and customization options that many games fail to even begin with. I am truly impressed with this game, as some aspects are just flat out upgrades of the series' predecessor, Arma 2. However, this is not to say the game hasn't got flaws. Optimization has always been a problem with the Arma series, and that is definitely something I, and many other members of the community believe should be addressed. The game also has minor problems that do occasionally affect the gameplay, and in some cases, the immersion. Nevertheless, I am confident that the simply brilliant developers over at Bohemia will address not only these, but all issues they encounter with Arma 3. Overall, this game has got some minor flaws, that get completely outshadowed by its complexity, graphical fidelity, mechanics, customization and so much more. If you are currently thinking of making this purchase, I'd think no more. Even at full price, it is worth every penny. This game, and the Arma series in general, have not just received my respect and appreciation. They've earned it.
game-hours: 207.2
review: In Zeus mode you can spawn hundreds of goats and blow them all up with artillery.... GOTY right here boys!
game-hours: 38.5
review: It's like ARMA 2 but it looks better, feels smoother and unlike its predecessor the most overpowered enemy is no longer the menus. I mean jesus christ, the menus in ARMA 2 fought more than the NPCs. But yeah get ARMA 3.
game-hours: 1049.7
review: Great game, it is one of those games I can always go back to 10/10.
game-hours: 2209.2
review: Amazing Game Love playing it on Altis Life!! Wanna play on a good server? Altis Life of Steve is super good!
game-hours: 217.8
review: this game is a simulation and it takes alot of tatics to play so if you like tactics and realistic games then this game is for you
game-hours: 121.9
review: I don't really like the vanilla game, also the old Arma II missions like domination 2 and insurgency are terrible. But when you play in an experienced group with a few hundred mods. It's freaking awesome. Vanilla I don't like the gameplay and their are only a few weapons. But with some mods this game has no limits. Try to find a group or clan who makes their own missions and you will have an amazing time. If not, good luck with the single player.
game-hours: 43.3
review: This is a lovley game. I have trouble finding immersion in games but this game is where its at. I can sit an play this game for hours on end and not get bored. Has an amazing story and the multiplayer is just great. There is zero reason to not have this game. 11/10 Amazing job Bohemia. *Note even though it has some bugs i only find those relevent in multiplayer and its not even that bad. Doesnt take away from the game at all in my opinion.
game-hours: 1405.3
review: If you play solo using AI allies against AI enemy this game is a 7/10. BUT with the right mods it quickly becomes an 8/10. Then add in muliplayer, open modding, PVE, PVP, friggin zombies!, a bazillion weapons and equipment, sound packs, then forget that they added gokarts ( I think the devs were on meth the day they came up with that idea ). In my mind you simply cant find any current or past milsim game that can offer anything close to what Arma 3 can. This isnt your little brothers Call of Duty or Battlefiled, 1 shot can and will kill you thats what the kiddies dont like, but guess what thats real sonny boy.
game-hours: 97.4
review: Best Military sim out there. You can do anything and the community is great. Alot of addons to download, missions and people even make awsome gamemodes.
game-hours: 54.7
review: Very good game once you learn it! So many gamemodes to try!
game-hours: 186.1
review: When you play on Stratis, your main enemy is rocks, and when you play on Altis, your main enemy are fences. Also, if you hit anything hard enough with a hatchback sport it blows up.
game-hours: 1851.7
review: One of the best games you can get, building on the old Arma games, this is a new chapter in the Arma-verse that allows you to create realistic (or not :-) military scenarios. Unlike COD or BF4, Arma 3 is a game that you can make what you want in it, Take a look at armaholic for example, its not a storepage of hats to buy, but a list of mods that add to the game, you can edit, create, adjust so many times. Half of the game is creating the missions, let alone play them. If you want to make the best of Arma 3, join a group/clan and get in on the dedicated missions, ALTIS life has its place, but does not compare to actual teamwork.
game-hours: 25.3
review: The best simulator and its called arma! Literally the best game ive ever played
game-hours: 733.2
review: Put simply, this is the only first person shooter that any self respecting gamer needs to buy. It has it all.
game-hours: 917.0
review: arma 3 is the best simulator out yet!!! recomended for everyone:D
game-hours: 349.9
review: why why why is this game so lagy i get 14 fps and i have a i7 4790k @ 4.7ghz and a msi r9 285 if i put all max i get like 14 to 40 fps on a good sever but wen i put all low i get 14 to 40 fps like wtf why is this game so bad like what do i need my pc cost 1,700$ like really and yall see why ppl go to consols fix this my god you have a very nice game and ppl still play it even if they only get 14 fps with the top of the line hardware this is ridiculous.
game-hours: 40.5
review: Best military ery game out there
game-hours: 1331.4
review: This is my very first game on PC/Steam. I really enjoy this game alot, after joining a arma 3 commuity they helped alot to show me to play this game and made the exp that much more fun.
game-hours: 139.5
review: GENERAL. Arma 3 is an amazing game that simulates real military action,objectives and tactics.Once you start the game for the first time you will see that there are tonns of controls and commands,but you'll get the hang off it eventually. We'll start off with the campaign.You play as corpral kerry in the NATO forces.Altis and Stratis the two main islands are being invaded by CSAT(bad guys).Even though there is nothing you can do about it,the NATO forces are trying to force them back,and near the end of the campaign you have two choices, try and find out where james(friend) is or play a part in the final stand against CSAT,depending on the choice you choose you could win or lose.The map editor is a good addition, it alows you to create your own missions or you could just tour upand down the islands like i do.The scenery on the islands look amazing and realistic and driving at night is even better. The realistic weather is by far the best weather you'll see in a long time,like if the start of a mission is suny the weather will probably change drasticaly.It is also very easy to get lost in the vast open world at night but the accurate star map should help you find your way. Also look out for animals like goats,deer and rabbits on land,in the sea there are fish,turtles and sharks to make you nervous when diving. There is a dedicated community on steam workshop,they create player made missions, weapons,vehicles and mods. There are also updates rolling in frequently to improve the game. AIRCRAFT. The aircraft in the game look well designed from helicopters to jet fighters but you do have to be a certified aircraft pilot if you want to play multiplayer or a lot of people will laugh at you because you crashed the 3 million dollar aircraft. LAND VEHICLES. The land vehicles also look well designed.The selection of tanks in the game are plentiful.The civilian cars are good for exploring the huge islands and The infintry transport look and drive just like they should. WATER TRANSPORT. There aren't as much boats as there are land vehicles but there doesn't need to be.There are 2 civilian boats and 2 military boats. There are also submarines as well. Pros 1 Great simulation. 2 Big open world to explore. 3 Amazing scenery. 4 Well designed vehicles. cons 1 Hard to learn aircraft piloting. Over all score 8/10
game-hours: 58.4
review: This game made me an operator,its so tactial 30 minds ride to fire one bullet and die,also made me pop boners on tacticool gear,all in all I give if 9 out of 10 dynamic stories,if only the FPS was operational level i would operate with other operators,
game-hours: 87.0
review: OK first things first. This game has endless possibilities, great campain, PVP modes king of the hill or wasteland, even better PVP in battleroyale, role playing games like altis life and arma 3 life, Zombie(dayz) mods like breaking point. In fact when you get arma its like you got 10 different games, which is awesome! My first day in altil life looked like this: i go get my licence, buy a car, get a delivery mission. I got one farest, like 26 kilometers acros altis. Got on a highway, after couple of miles, i crash into abandoned vehicle on the middle of the road without toolkit. Some guys found me on the road and gave me their truck so i could continue(awesome guys). Couple of miles ahead guy jumps in front of my truck trying to rob me, and he did robbed me. He walked back into his chopper and somehow insta chrashed(talk about insta karma?). I picked up his money and procced, only to be pulled over by a cop for speeding, he wrote me a ticket. Finally after 2 hours a got to my destination and delivered a package, i was so happy. 10/10 would recommend to anyone!
game-hours: 436.5
review: Best game
game-hours: 666.9
review: Great Game
game-hours: 1665.8
review: Very Good game for those who like to be tactical, i dont recomend this for lone wolves you may just die alot of times , compared to arma 2 the AI,campaign,multiplayer and custumization have significantly improved. If you are used to playing any call of duty series this game isnt recommended. Perhaps 60$ is alot but this game is worth it to me. It may be a bit glitchy at times but the gameplay makes up for it.
game-hours: 3.2
review: Questo non  un gioco di guerra, questo  un SIMULATORE di guerra. Che sia ben chiaro a tutti
game-hours: 186.1
review: When you play on Stratis, your main enemy is rocks, and when you play on Altis, your main enemy are fences. Also, if you hit anything hard enough with a hatchback sport it blows up.
game-hours: 1851.7
review: One of the best games you can get, building on the old Arma games, this is a new chapter in the Arma-verse that allows you to create realistic (or not :-) military scenarios. Unlike COD or BF4, Arma 3 is a game that you can make what you want in it, Take a look at armaholic for example, its not a storepage of hats to buy, but a list of mods that add to the game, you can edit, create, adjust so many times. Half of the game is creating the missions, let alone play them. If you want to make the best of Arma 3, join a group/clan and get in on the dedicated missions, ALTIS life has its place, but does not compare to actual teamwork.
game-hours: 25.3
review: The best simulator and its called arma! Literally the best game ive ever played
game-hours: 733.2
review: Put simply, this is the only first person shooter that any self respecting gamer needs to buy. It has it all.
game-hours: 917.0
review: arma 3 is the best simulator out yet!!! recomended for everyone:D
game-hours: 349.9
review: why why why is this game so lagy i get 14 fps and i have a i7 4790k @ 4.7ghz and a msi r9 285 if i put all max i get like 14 to 40 fps on a good sever but wen i put all low i get 14 to 40 fps like wtf why is this game so bad like what do i need my pc cost 1,700$ like really and yall see why ppl go to consols fix this my god you have a very nice game and ppl still play it even if they only get 14 fps with the top of the line hardware this is ridiculous.
game-hours: 544.7
review: Probably the best MilSim game i have ever played, 10/10
game-hours: 521.2
review: Excellent, just absolutely excellent game. The possibilites and endless scenarios that you can create yourself just makes this games one of the best games of this genre, and possibly one of the better and more unique games for PC. Unrivalled in creativity and possibilities, ArmA 3 is a masterpiece added to the genre. Bohemia delivers, yet again.
game-hours: 387.5
review: Do you like a good shooter? Are you a strategist? Are you more inclined to play on hardcore servers in other games when you get the chance? Then this might just be the game for you. The realism and beauty in Arma 3 will blow you away. With heaps of multiplayer game modes avaliable for you to play, there will certainly be one that you will enjoy! And if multiplayer isnt your thing, then why not download one of the many custom made, high quality scenarios created by the community? Steam workshop integration allows for ENDLESS fun, on scenarios that you can enjoy alone, or with friends! This is a game you really must try.
game-hours: 53.7
review: JEFF
game-hours: 9.9
review: 10/10 played invade and annex server was in a helicopter for 1 real life hour and then got shot down
game-hours: 73.1
review: good
game-hours: 63.8
review: Played Wasteland. Pulled up beside a man who wanted a ride. He shot our car then ran. Got out and pretended to shoot at him. Friend shoots him in the head. Fake Admin comes up and cusses at us. We show him what he did to our car. Begin to fix car. Fake Admin blows car up and kills us. Go back and acidentally pick up fake admins gun. Admin shoots me. Get other gear and fight Blufor divers. Fake admin shoots me in the back saying 'Get out of my way mate!' Respawn. Teammate has killed you, you can punish or forgive him: Click Forgive. I made a mistake...
game-hours: 98.7
review: Amazingly fun game, takes a bit of getting used to but once you've got it its golden. I recommend this game to everyone.
game-hours: 231.7
review: Great serious Milsim game. Lots of improvement in graphics from ArmA 2. The infantry movement is smooth and adds a realistic feel. Without a doubt reccomend this game.
game-hours: 263.6
review: I've started playing Altis Life , bought some stuff and a car , and after some time I got killed by a desync.(Altis players will know what I mean) 10/10 but avoid other people
game-hours: 952.7
review: This game is not for the console kids that play COD all day. This is a difficult but fun game. If you look at the negative reviews on it the reviewers have 300 to 700+ hours in this game... thats not the amount of hours you put in this game if you dont like it.... I dont get it.. Anyways. If you choose to buy this game get VAC. It will save your life. The community behind this game is huge and there is always new player created missions and content available. Theres also breaking point mod for arma 3. Basically Dayz for Arma 3. Which I think is better than SA. The guys saying they get low fps... one saying he gets 10 frames?? Its a demanding game... play it on something besides the laptop you bought at Wal-Mart... Bohemia labels it a military sim... thats what it is. It's most def not a run and shoot.
game-hours: 1507.0
review: I could tell you all about this game after near 800hrs (790hr at the time of writing).. but I won't because I don't want any Call of Duty or Battlefield Fanboys coming in and ing up my game :) - I mean, really i should tell you to buy it because the only thing Arma shares with CoD and BF is that you shoot people..OK well CoD I haven't liked since Modern Warfare 2 and BF I grew out of as it was a good series that basically just got  all over by big companies seeking quick profits. Anyway Arma on the otherhand has been around just as long as these two but perhaps didn't spend so much on its marketing campaign and put more of its budget into making their games? I can't say for sure, but if you're into realism (not photorealism, like you call of duty cs) and Military Simulation types whether it be Tank Sims, Combat Flight Sims or just good old fashioned FPS types of games, you're probably going to enjoy some part of ArmA.. Thats one group of people that could enjoy this, then theres the creative types.. Have you ever wanted to drop a Fishing Trawler from 20,000ft onto an Airport runway filled with fuel trucks, planes, helicopters, tanks, cars whatever you fancy, just for fun.. to test your PC's capacity or performance? you can do this. Have you ever thought of a scenario and wanted to see how it might play out with two or more opposing factions in some kind of freaky multi-national royal rumble in the middle of nowhere with armour, air and infantry forces going at each other ? I know I never did until I played with the Mission editor in Arma 2, I played around making small missions in the previous games but not really until arma 3 did i experiment with weird  like that.. it's quite fun for wasting time, and it looks great.. Anyway, you guys could keep reading or you could be downloading it as you read.. its worth whatever the price is at the moment.. I don't really care how much it is, it's worth it. I've been playing this series since 2001 in the very beginning back when it was a Codemasters game Operation Flashpoint.. ing awesome game. If you're currently in the military, plan to enlist in the future or have previously served and want realism - buy Arma.. join a tactical realism clan or milsim group depending on your preference.. they're both the same to me.. immersive groups are best. **Warning** not so much a warning, but if you have PTSD and are triggered easily, perhaps this isn't your thing having PTSD myself I can safely say, this game will scare the absolute  out of you occasionally, depending on how you play and what triggers you or maybe just ease into it I can't tell you not to get it, it's an awesome game.. just try to remember that it's just a game. Easier said than done in some cases like mine.. I couldn't play properly for a week but that's another story that I don't think you need to know about ha.. Best game ever - possibly not best storyline, I liked Arma 2's campaign better but everything else in Arma 3 is ING AWESOME! - Don't take my word for it though, try it out - oh did I mention upto 64 player online multiplayer coop, pvp etc and thousands of servers internationally (I'm Australian and even we have low ping servers to  around on).. ahh I think that's it.. I chose not to technically review the game because it doesn't need a review, there are plenty out there just don't go with any saying anything negative about it, there's very few things that I don't like about it.. and the list gets smaller each day with the devs constantly releasing new fixes or DLC buy this game, I bought it in it's Alpha stage and the list of bugs was relatively small back then so you can imagine what it's like now after having been out officially over a year now ;-)
game-hours: 68.1
review: good game but not worth 60 bucks
game-hours: 118.2
review: Great game buttt dont run on a potato
game-hours: 1858.8
review: Best Game
game-hours: 32.0
review: This game grew on me. One of my favorite YouTubers plays this somewhat often so I was decently familiar with the idea of the game before a few friends told me to get it. We've played a few of the multiplayer modes and recently been playing the Battle Royale mod, (which is a BLAST when you finally get into a reliable server). As others have mentioned, this is more of a combat simulation. It's unforgiving, which is why players need to use actual tactics to accomplish a goal. Sometimes things get slow, but that only helps to make confrontations way more exciting. I'm looking forward to trying out much more of what this game offers, which is a LOT.
game-hours: 1633.2
review: Very enjoyable war simulator. The story is a little weak but who cares when it looks this good. The multiplayer is what it's all about really with a variety of servers and game modes. 7.5/10
game-hours: 521.2
review: Excellent, just absolutely excellent game. The possibilites and endless scenarios that you can create yourself just makes this games one of the best games of this genre, and possibly one of the better and more unique games for PC. Unrivalled in creativity and possibilities, ArmA 3 is a masterpiece added to the genre. Bohemia delivers, yet again.
game-hours: 305.1
review: best army game ever
game-hours: 360.2
review: I was pilot and my friend was a copilot. Gave him the controls because he haven't flew in this game ever. He flew 20s and we died. 10/10 Would never let him touch choppers again.
game-hours: 8.4
review: I thought a snake was going to bite me so i jumped up got shot in the face somehow lived only to be killed by APB. 11/10 the chem lights are pretty.
game-hours: 873.0
review: Chased around by exploding red people for hours. 12/4 best 5 hours spent in my life
game-hours: 560.2
review: I got a helicopter, crashed it into the middle of a group of enemies and killed them all. 10/10 would jihad again.
game-hours: 252.6
review: I could not find the god damned cake!
game-hours: 85.0
review: This game has goats, enough said. - 69/10.
game-hours: 346.1
review: AMERICAN FOREIGN POLICY SIMULATOR
game-hours: 124.5
review: best military sim
game-hours: 1146.9
review: Forget CoD, forget BF or any other pseudo military FPS. This is game is the real deal. I can not express how much fun and how into this game I can get. Every aspect of it is amazing; on ground, flying a jet or operating a tank. This is as close as you can get to the real thing. Graphically (and audio) beautiful and divine, realistic in every aspect. What more could you want? You can't, because this game is it. The thing I love about Arma (and always have) is that, it's the game you make it and want it to be. You want a non-broken DayZ? Breakingpoint. You want sector control? King of the hill. You want a death match? Wasteland. Team co-op? Invade and Annex. I could go on. If you enjoy games where you actually have to work, think, become involved and immersed then Arma3 should already be on your steam list.
game-hours: 40.5
review: Best military ery game out there
game-hours: 1331.4
review: This is my very first game on PC/Steam. I really enjoy this game alot, after joining a arma 3 commuity they helped alot to show me to play this game and made the exp that much more fun.
game-hours: 139.5
review: GENERAL. Arma 3 is an amazing game that simulates real military action,objectives and tactics.Once you start the game for the first time you will see that there are tonns of controls and commands,but you'll get the hang off it eventually. We'll start off with the campaign.You play as corpral kerry in the NATO forces.Altis and Stratis the two main islands are being invaded by CSAT(bad guys).Even though there is nothing you can do about it,the NATO forces are trying to force them back,and near the end of the campaign you have two choices, try and find out where james(friend) is or play a part in the final stand against CSAT,depending on the choice you choose you could win or lose.The map editor is a good addition, it alows you to create your own missions or you could just tour upand down the islands like i do.The scenery on the islands look amazing and realistic and driving at night is even better. The realistic weather is by far the best weather you'll see in a long time,like if the start of a mission is suny the weather will probably change drasticaly.It is also very easy to get lost in the vast open world at night but the accurate star map should help you find your way. Also look out for animals like goats,deer and rabbits on land,in the sea there are fish,turtles and sharks to make you nervous when diving. There is a dedicated community on steam workshop,they create player made missions, weapons,vehicles and mods. There are also updates rolling in frequently to improve the game. AIRCRAFT. The aircraft in the game look well designed from helicopters to jet fighters but you do have to be a certified aircraft pilot if you want to play multiplayer or a lot of people will laugh at you because you crashed the 3 million dollar aircraft. LAND VEHICLES. The land vehicles also look well designed.The selection of tanks in the game are plentiful.The civilian cars are good for exploring the huge islands and The infintry transport look and drive just like they should. WATER TRANSPORT. There aren't as much boats as there are land vehicles but there doesn't need to be.There are 2 civilian boats and 2 military boats. There are also submarines as well. Pros 1 Great simulation. 2 Big open world to explore. 3 Amazing scenery. 4 Well designed vehicles. cons 1 Hard to learn aircraft piloting. Over all score 8/10
game-hours: 58.4
review: This game made me an operator,its so tactial 30 minds ride to fire one bullet and die,also made me pop boners on tacticool gear,all in all I give if 9 out of 10 dynamic stories,if only the FPS was operational level i would operate with other operators,
game-hours: 613.8
review: Best game ever! There is so much content because of people making addons, missions, mods all the time, this is like 10000 games in 1. Best purchase I've made! Only down side is that its in the future. I mean that they are using prototype vehicles that nobody knows about. It would been a 10/10 game for me if they just made "Arma II" with this updated engine and graphics!
game-hours: 1778.9
review: Awesome
game-hours: 79.2
review: Launch goats to space with huge amounts of Explosives. 10/10.
game-hours: 1033.2
review: Best Game In The World
game-hours: 289.8
review: GREAT GAME
game-hours: 18.2
review: buy this for the fight for trees to bear arms. arm a tree. 10/10
game-hours: 21.1
review: Nothing gets real but this.
game-hours: 139.2
review: Very fun to use. The graphics and realism aspect of the game is extreme. The firefights are intense, and it's easy to be immersed into the combat. The vehicle (Including Aircraft, submarines, helicopters) interiors are nice to look at as well. Zues: Before this addon I couldn't get up close to watch a firefight without getting shot. This makes a great RTS, and a pleasurable theater of war. Go Karts: I was kind of confused about this addon. "A war simulator with Go Karts?" I got it, tried it out, and to be honest it wasn't that bad. Bohemia Interactive was trying something new. it was apreciated.
game-hours: 65.2
review: Just... Amazing. I see a lot of fun ahead. Still a noob and it is just great. AMAZING community. Found a great guy on a server and he spent over an hour just showing me how to play. Why are you even reading this, just buy it.
game-hours: 185.6
review: This game is one of the best I have ever played! It's worth every penny! It's also good for new players because of the new bootcamp feature!
game-hours: 719.8
review: Buy it and start with the Battle Royale mod (which is excellent for both solo and coop play) if you like super tactical shooters with roaming like far cry/crysis games. The map is 270 km2 and super varied so the encounters are always different. I've played 110+ hours and i still haven't seen everything on the map. I experience immersion in this game like nothing else i have played for a long time. There is a lot of potential in the mods. The value is good because it's future proof due to mods and updates. You can really stress out your high-end rigs with this game, and the optimization isn't terrible - it runs better than Arma 2 and Dayz. I tried the game with a 7 year old rig and it was playable. The game is pretty much reliant on mods so you should be prepared to install some, they are easy to install though The game is definitely not bug-free at this time, and the physics are questionable. You'll get stuck inside rocks and walls, shoot invisible obstructions, and die some unfair deaths. The controls are also really technical, so it is best for hardcore and patient players, maybe as an evolution from Battlefield-like games
game-hours: 1382.5
review: One of the best games ever got alot of hours on it
game-hours: 41.4
review: Mixed emotions about this one... Bought it when it was 40 bucks, kinda wish I didn't. Only real good parts about this are customizing levels of your own. Custom KOTH servers are good too. Other than that, I didn't really enjoy this. I was hoping a lot more from Arma 3. Arma 2 still has unlimited gameplay in it. RP servers, and normal servers. If you want a good war sim, this is pretty good. If you want a semigood war sim with basically unlimited gameplay, Arma 2. I don't exactly RECOMMEND this game, but it's pretty okay. 6.4/10
game-hours: 105.1
review: the main story can be really hard as it is very realistic so you can die in a few shots. but the mods are SO FUN ! 9/10
game-hours: 2701.0
review: What else ?!
game-hours: 433.8
review: Good game... better than Arma 2 or Operation Arrowhead.... BUT and a BIIIIIIIG BUTT. please please please please FIX THE FREAKING AI PILOTING AND DRIVING ALREADY!!!!!!!!! Ex: Yesterday I'm playing Arma 3 (Bennys CTI mode), I have 7 M4 Scorchers all parked at HQ with 1 gunner in each. The plan is to sneak in at about 500m from the objective, use the M4s to eliminate all opposition, then take the objective single handed while the rest of the team is attacking another objective. I hire a quadbike w/driver, assign the driver as Green Team and jump on the back. I tell him to move to the next town, and I open the map to select my best approach to the objective. After selecting my approach I go back to 3rd person view. We are about 10m past our HQ. The AI is crashing into a small rock on the side of the road. Over and over and over and over and over and over again. To my left there is apx. 10m of wide open road. :S All I can say is WTF. A statement, not a question. WTF. Not WTF?. WTF. Get it. Anyways good game. No other game is as extensive as Arma. I would even call it more a "sim" than a game. Not a true sim, but a sim none the less.
game-hours: 1830.5
review: Do you want Realism? Well let me tell you in simple details how fuc**** awesome this game is!!! Sure, a few glitches and errors but when you get it, You'll say its all worth the investment. This simulator beats all of the other Armed Assualt series.... by Graphics... meaning; texture,terrain, and others. The sound is.... GREAT, just needs a little tweak. Customization for soldiers... wicked!!! I would recommend this game by my fullest ability. No game can beat the realism of this game. "It's just simply Astonishing & Jaw-Dropping"
game-hours: 113.9
review: I tried to go down a slide. Biggest mistake I ever made. Thankfully there was a kind doctor nearby who saved my life from the evil creature that was the slide. Notify the government, slides are lethal. And to think we let children play on them. Science has gone too far I say! 10/10 for kind doctors who understand the dangers of slides.
game-hours: 43.2
review: I think this Is a great game. You will probably learn alot of It, depending on how you play It. You can play either ways, the typical action game way or the simulator way. But back to the point, there Is so much to do in this game, there's a BIG map and great graphics. A well made game, worth buying If you're Into these games.
game-hours: 613.8
review: Best game ever! There is so much content because of people making addons, missions, mods all the time, this is like 10000 games in 1. Best purchase I've made! Only down side is that its in the future. I mean that they are using prototype vehicles that nobody knows about. It would been a 10/10 game for me if they just made "Arma II" with this updated engine and graphics!
game-hours: 1778.9
review: Awesome
game-hours: 79.2
review: Launch goats to space with huge amounts of Explosives. 10/10.
game-hours: 828.3
review: Arma 3 is a wonderful platform for military simulation. Where the game truly shines is with the extensive modding community. You will do yourself a disservice if you do not check out any of the multitudes of mods for this title. The game itself with out the mods is a great improvement over prvious titles like Arma 2 for example. Personally I used to be big on the Battlefield series but once I started playing Arma it was Arma or nothing for my modern day first person shooter. The depth and scope that you can get into here with the combined arms focus is truly amazing. Everything fromt he graphics, to physics to sound effects are really good. Oh and if You don't want to use the vanilla stuff, again there's mods, even full conversions that bring all the assests from previous games into this one. There's also a really fun multiplayer mode called Zues, which is essentially Dungeons and Dragons meets first person modern day shooter. One player acts like the "DM" and the others play in his / her world. Allowing you to create dynamic ever changing and unique situations on the fly. This one gets my whole hearted thumbs up. For information on how to mod your game, check out this youtube video:
game-hours: 269.7
review: hunkenjunek lol
game-hours: 565.7
review: i luff dis game 2 much
game-hours: 0.5
review: Singleplayer: 74 fps. Multiplayer: -12312424 fps. bohemia in a nutshell.
game-hours: 204.1
review: Dog
game-hours: 639.8
review: This game is so much fun  COD
game-hours: 723.3
review: This a great game if you liked Arma 2 you will. Love this game
game-hours: 636.2
review: Very good tactical game, through steam workshop offering hour, days, I think even months of fun and action...
game-hours: 1524.0
review: Playable/10
game-hours: 875.0
review: An amazing game take a little while to get used to the controls but the campaign has an amzing story line and the multiplayer is unmatched.
game-hours: 183.2
review: Maybe one of the best military sims out there. Its multiplayer could use some work, has bugs, but its early access. To some people, the $50 price tag may seem like mush but, its totaly worth it
game-hours: 466.1
review: This is possibly the best shooter and simulation game I have ever bought.
game-hours: 230.8
review: Fantastic game. No regrets at all about buying it. 10/10
game-hours: 878.3
review: Love this game could play for the rest of forever just need to make the dlc free and add in new gun skins aswell as new air/land/sea vehicles. Other than this its a beautifull game.
game-hours: 588.9
review: i play this game sometimes
game-hours: 372.0
review: its awesome
game-hours: 171.3
review: This game is a definite improvement over it's predecessor, despite the optimization issues for those running lower level Intel rigs or mid-high level AMD rigs. Even on low this game looks impressive and if you have an Intel CPU (or high level AMD CPU) & Decent GPU (Either brand) you should be able to run it on high where the visuals are sure to impress. The AI has improved over ARMA II, though not tremendously, You will still have issues commanding your squad to do exactly what you want them to but they're not quite as derpy. If you decide to get this game you're definitely going to have fun with it, I strongly reccommend to google custom optimisation settings and tinker with it until you have the most stable frames you can achieve. Finally, the modding community for this game is excellent, there are plenty of great mods on the workshop and community sites like ARMAHOLIC.
game-hours: 508.3
review: will never grow old of this game. my parents will.
game-hours: 210.7
review: LOVE IT
game-hours: 137.6
review: Great milsim type game!
game-hours: 292.5
review: One of the most astonishingly open-ended games I have ever played. The sheer scope, diversity and flexibility of content packed in this game is completely and utterly mindblowing. This game and its predecessors stand and laugh at all those other games calling themselves 'realistic', and shows them how to get it done. Twitch reflexes don't win here, player cunning and coordination does.
game-hours: 86.3
review: Deece game
game-hours: 135.0
review: With the right mods and people, this is about as close as you want to get to actual combat [at least for the ground warfare] Arma's best feature is the dedicated modding community, you can find a mod for just about anything for Arma. the game simulates fatigue, breathing and pain effect, as well as weapon weight, meaning that there won't be anybody out shooting a sub machine gun with a long rifle after being shot in the chest at near point blank range. There is a pretty good balistic simulation for vanilla arma but you can find mods for very realistic ballistics. I love pretty much everything about Arma except these two things, of course, nothing is perfect. The game requires a pretty powerful computer setup to run effectively, even with my Nvidia 770 graphics card, larger battles decrease frames quite a bit. And finally, Arma's controls can be rather clunky at times, the stance/lean controls specificly. It can be a problem at close range where a real human could move much faster. Overall- 9.5/10 definetly worth the price if you can run it and enjoy Teamwork and tactical combat.
game-hours: 298.6
review: Brilliant army simulator, it offers so much more than just the base game. WIth custom missions workshop. and fully mod-able. its deffo a good buy. amazing for co op, multiplayer and single player. a massive improvement on arma 2.
game-hours: 118.2
review: Great game buttt dont run on a potato
game-hours: 693.3
review: Great Game With Altis Life Mod
game-hours: 125.8
review: This is the sequel to Black Ops 2. Everyone throws away a bunch of the high-tec stuff, and now people fight more like it's 2012, even though it's 2030something. Fight against the army of Greece and all of their Spartans, so that zombie Menendez can't steal Reznov's Gold!
game-hours: 174.4
review: ye m8 buy it
game-hours: 105.8
review: Bought this game for the MODS ONLY! Worth it 100%. BR + Breaking Point = Hours of fun.
game-hours: 96.0
review: gave me ebola 6/9
game-hours: 24.3
review: Great game : Nice graphic Open world Fun playing with friends :D P.S i wish there are armory mode like arma 2 Also hope there will be more map coming soon :D
game-hours: 343.6
review: its 7/7 would r7 again
game-hours: 38.6
review: Would be good if they fixed the performance issues and shiity servers and the compatibillty with different drivers ect. Come on Arma ing get your act together! :D Re edit: Arma 3 is a decent game with alot to do and is very fun, it may have quite alot of dsync but still. It is very fun to play with friends especially on my favourite Altis life where you can process and sell coacaine and even take marjeuna. this game is good but you better have a good pc, and hopefully a 15 or better otherwise your screwed and though AMD and Radeon is good, it's sadly not good for arma. but stilll this is an amazing game :D
game-hours: 156.8
review: Only gold medal gaming athletes play this game
game-hours: 141.8
review: day 1: spawned in made some money walked off some stairs died day 2: got some cannabis seeds ran and jumped a rail landed on rocks..... died medic came revived me died again medic revived me died again medic left me day 3: knicked a guy out and legged it day 4: stole some dudes kart and crashed it day 5: got taken to the hospital after being revived to have free jelly nek minute guy rocks up and takes us hostage i escape get a gun and come back. Police tell me to go away but i sneak in. i see a cop and panick i kill the cop every body runs what seemed like a heroic rescue mission went to . got arrested day 6: im an nvidia enthusiast 1/10-IGN 74/49- GAMESPOT oh yea and i almost ing vomited because of the hectic framedrop and unoptimization
game-hours: 203.9
review: Worth every penny, This is a combat millitary game with gorgues massive battlefields. Every inch of this game amazing from the Sea combat to Air Combat. I, Lorddwarvin Recommend this game ! Buy this game now!
game-hours: 135.7
review: Arma is a great series of games and the scope of each title is always more impressive than it's predecessor. Yes, like those it follows ARMA 3 has it's bugs, but these are in no way irritating. At most, they are hilarious.... because you become immersed with experience of being a lethal weapon, methodically removing enemy AI from their short lived lives, when all of a sudden the yells and laughs of comrades "hoovering" in a tank or being insta-killed by randomly exploding vehicles that touched a small pebble, breaks the cycle! It's a game you have to try out. You can get into the game quite easily and add to your knowledge as you go. But don't be a lone wolf and complain it was boring. Arma is about team work... and not your Call of Duty or Battlefield TDM capture the flag balls...but actual teamwork where communication and learning your place in a squad keeps you all alive! The A.I. on this game is "effective" - they will suppress, they will surpise and they definetly do more than just flank you from obvious places. It's very dynamic and lonewolfs die quickly... a good squad will have a much higher survival rate! So get yourself in a game, be a local on the server and join in with "regulars" to have the best experience. There is a lot to learn, but ARMA 3's new tutorial system is far superior to older versions of the game and many of the players online are very helpful. Heaps of content & the workshop has lots more additions. Goto Armaholic for the best and widest range of addons. My only gripe is that they can still be somewhat difficult to install. So it maybe best to use a loader. I'm a big fan of the Arma series and this one has raised the bar again! Get your 's off COD & BF and play a real game!!! 11/10
game-hours: 52.6
review: You like realistic military games? Than this game is for you! Arma series has impressed me yet again. STeam workshop for this game pretty much adds a brand new game to arma 3. I use to play the deathmatch for arma or the coop for arma but now i find myself playing stratis life which is a life simulator. game gets updated a lot and adds new stuff every month. game is worth every penny Pros open world military game everything is driveable small caves firefights are intense Cons Dlc are overpriced buggy
game-hours: 7.0
review: Best game I have played so far. Everything is so realistic that immerses you in the game that some times I think I am in real combat. I totally recommend it. 9/10 Just because of the weird controls.
game-hours: 96.3
review: Core game is . Mods are great.
game-hours: 735.5
review: this game might be the best game ever! it both got the tactical wasteland-take peoples base build base etc + an RPG mode that are really well done! if u want a game that u actully learn from buy this!
game-hours: 313.0
review: its nae bad like
game-hours: 693.3
review: Great Game With Altis Life Mod
game-hours: 125.8
review: This is the sequel to Black Ops 2. Everyone throws away a bunch of the high-tec stuff, and now people fight more like it's 2012, even though it's 2030something. Fight against the army of Greece and all of their Spartans, so that zombie Menendez can't steal Reznov's Gold!
game-hours: 174.4
review: ye m8 buy it
game-hours: 105.8
review: Bought this game for the MODS ONLY! Worth it 100%. BR + Breaking Point = Hours of fun.
game-hours: 96.0
review: gave me ebola 6/9
game-hours: 41.0
review: Is this DayZ?
game-hours: 119.6
review: im so alone
game-hours: 1460.3
review: Been playing arma 3 for 850 hrs now and I can still always find something funny to do even after this time. I highly recommend it
game-hours: 147.8
review: Bought this while it on was on sale for 50% off. So far it has been well worth the money and I plan to keep playing for quite some time. So far I have experienced hilarious moments with friends and in online servers but at the same time, I've experienced "milsim" roleplaying and taking scenarios and missions much more seriously which is a blast as well. Although there can be an FPS problem at times, which I have not experienced very much at all, I highly reccomend the game. With the in depth combat gameplay, amazing graphics, and and huge mod selection, I can't complain much. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 680.1
review: Arma 3 is a war simulator but gets used for a lot of other reasons example, wasteland altis life etc but there are a few problems with it as it still just been released example the FPS on servers are very bad and i know its not my computer as many other people has complained about it but overall it is worth the $60
game-hours: 113.9
review: I tried to go down a slide. Biggest mistake I ever made. Thankfully there was a kind doctor nearby who saved my life from the evil creature that was the slide. Notify the government, slides are lethal. And to think we let children play on them. Science has gone too far I say! 10/10 for kind doctors who understand the dangers of slides.
game-hours: 43.2
review: I think this Is a great game. You will probably learn alot of It, depending on how you play It. You can play either ways, the typical action game way or the simulator way. But back to the point, there Is so much to do in this game, there's a BIG map and great graphics. A well made game, worth buying If you're Into these games.
game-hours: 828.3
review: Arma 3 is a wonderful platform for military simulation. Where the game truly shines is with the extensive modding community. You will do yourself a disservice if you do not check out any of the multitudes of mods for this title. The game itself with out the mods is a great improvement over prvious titles like Arma 2 for example. Personally I used to be big on the Battlefield series but once I started playing Arma it was Arma or nothing for my modern day first person shooter. The depth and scope that you can get into here with the combined arms focus is truly amazing. Everything fromt he graphics, to physics to sound effects are really good. Oh and if You don't want to use the vanilla stuff, again there's mods, even full conversions that bring all the assests from previous games into this one. There's also a really fun multiplayer mode called Zues, which is essentially Dungeons and Dragons meets first person modern day shooter. One player acts like the "DM" and the others play in his / her world. Allowing you to create dynamic ever changing and unique situations on the fly. This one gets my whole hearted thumbs up. For information on how to mod your game, check out this youtube video:
game-hours: 269.7
review: hunkenjunek lol
game-hours: 565.7
review: i luff dis game 2 much
game-hours: 17.1
review: All around a good game, I would highly reccomend it to anyone who likes FPS games.
game-hours: 275.2
review: I played Altis Life and told people I was going to bite their fingers off. Then got nicknamed Finger Fetish 10/10 game.
game-hours: 584.2
review: This game is an incredibly realistic and tactical shooter, with the addition of the Editor mode, this game becomes so much more. It has it's bugs but still they are forgiveable, Altis Life and Battle Royal are extremely fun and addicting. A warning before you buy though; Practise your skills in the editor before you move onto multiplayer, requires a fairly good pc, make sure you watch some tutorials and gameplay before buying since if you buy this game and find it won't run on your pc, or you some how simpley don't like the game $60 is a fair bit of a waste of money. Overall I give ArmA III 9/10. Hope you found this review helpful!!! =p
game-hours: 224.9
review: Arma is Big, open world simulator, full of content, hard and realistic gameplay give you much fun and rage :P, but satisfaction after complete mission is unimaginable :D. Another things are mods, Wasteland, RPG mods or BattleRoyale give you new multiplayer experience, Camping with assault rifle with 75x Scope and try to kill people on 1000m distance is very good felling :). I highly recommend Arma 3 + Advantage <Hard (for people who like this) <Realistic Simulation <Multiplayer <Zeus <Mods nad custom Scenario <Long Campain <Huge open world (278 Km2 !!) - Disadvantage <Bad optimization <High hardware requirements <Hard (For Casuals)
game-hours: 301.0
review: Best military simulator i've ever played. All it's missing is tons of weapons. But what it has is great!
game-hours: 211.7
review: In this game, you're not the hero anymore.
game-hours: 526.2
review: This game is sweet but really need a high end rig to exprience the "GAME"
game-hours: 771.5
review: this game is the best game ever
game-hours: 563.4
review: This is THE most realistic you will ever get in a military simulator. I have over 50 hours on it and have never been so amazed by the content it has to offer. Not only do you have all this great stuff as in, Sniping, CQB, Tanks and vechical combat, but there is an editor for testing and making missions scenarios. There has also been a new Bootcamp update added in that lets mods and more expirenced builders (of missions) expand their ability to create missions.
game-hours: 2024.7
review: TL;DR: 9/10 rating. Why not 10? Multiplayer FPS and stability problems. Why nothing less? Read below. ARMA 3 is one of my all-time favourite games. Yes, I don't have thousands of hours in it... but after getting back into King of the Hill (currently level 54 on it with 300+ hours in that mission/mod alone), I plan to change that. First game of mine to break 1000 hours... here I come! Singleplayer runs beautifully though note that, even on regular difficulty, the AI can, and will, shred you unless you play to the absolute best of your ability... but even then... Multiplayer, while not being the best in terms of stability and/or framerate (whether that be the fault of the servers or game's code), excels in other ways that games like Battlefield don't. Easily my favourite gamemode/mod/mission is King of the Hill -- 3 teams all fight it out in a ~500m radius circle. What makes it better than just 'run in and kill' like the Battlefield series? Vulnerable progression. You start out with a TRG 5.56mm; it's okay but you're going to lose most gunfights without the element of surprise. You want that next gun, scope, launcher or vehicle? Work for it. You earn money from vehicle destroys, kills, revives, healing teammates and sitting in the AO (the circle). There are other great modes such as Wasteland which is similar to King of the Hill but, instead, everyone's spread far out across (typically) Stratis. You can group up with people or go lone wolf. Kill people, loot them, get money, buy things, kill more people. The thing that I dislike about Wasteland in comparison... is the lack of progression. It's just a sandbox pick-up and play gamemode/mission. What I'd like to see happen with ARMA 3: - improved multiplayer performance and stability - free, non-DLC weapons and vehicles ported from ARMA 2 (and Chernarus too) - more than just 2 sniper rifles in Marksman DLC -- so many people are disappointed with the lack of content coming from these DLCs - something valuable and proper in the expansion of Late 2015
game-hours: 224.9
review: Arma is Big, open world simulator, full of content, hard and realistic gameplay give you much fun and rage :P, but satisfaction after complete mission is unimaginable :D. Another things are mods, Wasteland, RPG mods or BattleRoyale give you new multiplayer experience, Camping with assault rifle with 75x Scope and try to kill people on 1000m distance is very good felling :). I highly recommend Arma 3 + Advantage <Hard (for people who like this) <Realistic Simulation <Multiplayer <Zeus <Mods nad custom Scenario <Long Campain <Huge open world (278 Km2 !!) - Disadvantage <Bad optimization <High hardware requirements <Hard (For Casuals)
game-hours: 412.9
review: man, is like life, but with better graphics and a exelent background history :V :v :v
game-hours: 1215.4
review: Why this game is simply amazing? It's hard and unfair.
game-hours: 301.0
review: Best military simulator i've ever played. All it's missing is tons of weapons. But what it has is great!
game-hours: 771.5
review: this game is the best game ever
game-hours: 323.3
review: If I could give this game 5 stars... I wouldn't... But 4.5 without question, this game is a tonne of fun if your looking for something way more realistic than battlefeild! Best served with a squad and a large helping of patience... Also expect many random deaths due to walls and stuff
game-hours: 874.7
review: Buy it, learn it, enjoy it! Be sure to play WITH others as this game is not meant to be played "solo". Although ArmA3's single player campaign (the first two chapters) is amazing, thrilling and just plain crazy the game itself is meant to be played with others!
game-hours: 1349.9
review: NIce
game-hours: 412.9
review: man, is like life, but with better graphics and a exelent background history :V :v :v
game-hours: 295.5
review: This is a good game. :P
game-hours: 13.6
review: I barely got this game and let me tell you I had the most terrifying experence ever (to me that is) I just finished Basic Training and finally knew how to play and understand this game, I joined a King of the hill server with 103 people in the game. As i joined i bought the first gun given to you and went on, I marked where my objective was at and catched a ride from a fellow teammate flying a helicopter over to the objective. I introduced myself to him, He Introduced his name as well. His name was John, as we were waiting for more teammates to join us on the ride to the objective, We chatted about this war (Trying to RP Here and he joins me in RPing) As we were chatting he told me that he been playing this game for 769 hours now, and that he was going to quit soon. I told him i understood why, The helicopter was full now and we began to lift off and go to the objective. As we were going there we were shot at and began to crash everyone jumped off and was killed, Me and John were still inside the helicopter that was falling slowly He told me "Jump, go now you er." I jumped and made it into the ocean with a broken leg, I swam up as fast as i can, and saw the helicopter slowly fall and crash into the mountain side, and then exploded. I swam to shore quickly and patched my leg up and ran to crash. I found his dead body and said in chat "RIP IN PIECES John." i took his gun which was better then mine and ran to the battlefield. As i made it to the battle field, there were explosions, gunshots, Helicopters crashing and then exploding, and People dying right in front of me. I have indeed seen some , I saw a fellow soldier on the ground i asked if he was ok he replied" Does it look like im ing OK?" "I'm crawling for s sake when i could be running at the hill and be taking it over." I said "Ok, ok here" I dropped a med kit and ran to the Hill we were suppose to take over. I saw 3 enemies run pass me, i shot at them and killed 2. One of the enemies saw me and began to fire at me and shot at me chest once. I ran and the enemy followed. As i thought i was going to be found and then shot, I attempted to heal up but then he found me and was about to fire when 2 teammates came to me and killed the enemy. I thanked them, healed up and ran to the belly of the beast. I met a teammate being shot at heavily and was wounded I told him to run to me, he told me he couldn't he was hurt and couldn't run. I threw a gernade at the area where all the enemies were shooting at and got a double kill but 2 enemies survived. He had time to run towards me and survive but as he tried to run towards me a Sniper got him in the leg and made him crawl, as he was about to die he told me to run, the sniper finished him off and hen payed attention to me. The sniper shot me injuring me and i began to crawl. 4 Enemies ran toward sme and all four shot at me. And i respawned. 10 out of 10, will get shot at by 4 people and wounded by a sniper again.
game-hours: 350.8
review: was fun
game-hours: 323.3
review: If I could give this game 5 stars... I wouldn't... But 4.5 without question, this game is a tonne of fun if your looking for something way more realistic than battlefeild! Best served with a squad and a large helping of patience... Also expect many random deaths due to walls and stuff
game-hours: 321.0
review: BETTER THAN ING BATTLEFIELD 4 , BUY IT, GET USED TO THE CONTROLS, AND YOU WILL BE THE HAPPIEST MOST LIFLESS PERSON NEXT TO ME ON EARTH.
game-hours: 1015.1
review: Take my word for it, Buy this game and play it, you'll have fun and feel like a real soldier, Make sure you have a good computer to run it, you need about 20+fps to have a good time. The best way to get a good time out of arma 3 is to join Regin of terror (a gaming community)
game-hours: 123.3
review: Bought this game for the Breaking point (Dayz) mod,but i decided to give Epoch and Altis life a try.It was a blast i had a great time playing with friends,so i tought i should play the campaign,i'm sorry to say that it was horrible,the AI was dumb as F*ck even at the hightest level of difficulty,and sometimes game would crash at the end of a cutscene(although this might be an issue on my end).So overall i think that arma 3 is a great choice for those who want to play online,if you are looking for a good singleplayer campaign you might wanna avoid arma 3.
game-hours: 429.4
review: A game that has no equal, there really is nothing quite like arma.
game-hours: 550.0
review: This review is for a badge but this is still a GREAT GAME!
game-hours: 573.9
review: + wide military realism gameplay experience + great graphics + moddable contets and huge community - currently issues with slow servers(some lagging = low FPS just like in A2) - big HW requirements
game-hours: 1349.9
review: NIce
game-hours: 290.8
review: The game where you can literally mod anything into it!
game-hours: 739.6
review: I played it sometime... just a little... it's great i guess... To be more precise the game is an awesome game for you and your friends. Theres alot of servers just for you.. if its a zombie game your looking for? Join Epoch or some other mod about zombies. If its a realistic team playing server? go ahead join one of the great communities out there If you just want to kick some  online? Join king of the hill And the game is even moddable theres 100's of possibilities Theres alot of opportunities I reccomend this game for the guys who likes the realistic, team play and maybe guys who like competetive
game-hours: 238.6
review: power of arma is in modding and community, it is improved a lot since previous titles and BIS will support its development further. (good side) nice graphics improvement from arma 2, the game has an editor that let you do what you want on a huge map and multiplayer is fun. (bad side) The campaign is ok, fps drop in towns and the game is hard for beginners and bad vechiles physics. conclusion Best military simulation I have ever played, and possible one of the best games.
game-hours: 307.8
review: Holy awesomeness
game-hours: 37.4
review: Sheitty DLC that is about the same price of the full game? Hell yeah! Optimization? Naaahhh who needs that.
game-hours: 1190.9
review: Great game, my only regret is i didn't buy it sooner
game-hours: 888.5
review: Altis Life. That is all.
game-hours: 251.0
review: I ran into combat in my underwear 10/10 would do
game-hours: 63.6
review: id like to take this oppourtunity and apologize to everyone who was at the BestBuy by my house yesterday. (the one next to Lil Choozie's Bar and Grill) i tried to get the "scoops" on all the hottest and latest gadget tech but ended up assuming the fetal position in the radio section screaming for my life because a couple of Rogue Pixels called me a "dink" for wearing camo pants. once again i apologize for the many people i disturbed and next time ill invite my tech wizard pal mikey so that an event like this will never embarass me again. t
game-hours: 1.9
review: The most realistic game I have ever played!
game-hours: 1219.2
review: The ArmA series stole my life 4 years ago, and continues to do so. 10/10
game-hours: 308.2
review: its like skyrim, with military grade weapons
game-hours: 45.9
review: it's like arma 2 but not as .
game-hours: 3745.6
review: Freaking Awsome woop woop
game-hours: 54.3
review: Huge maps, amazing graphics, smooth performance, great gameplay... If you're looking for a MilSim or slow paced shooter, than this is the game for you.
game-hours: 94.6
review: Ahhh Arma 3 the third expansion of the Arma series. I love it and hate it at the same time at different moments. The increased modding capabilities really made me really interested. The main thing that REALLY disappointed me was the lack of variety in the weapons and vehicle department. They weren't really unique but the gear system helped add more variety to the cosmetics of the characters but, that doesn't really help due to the fact the weapons don't have much variety. I love the Arma 3 campaign, not as personal and deep as the Arma 2 campaign but still fun. There are still SOO many bugs that need fixing and Optimization for multiplayer FPS wise is very bad at the moment too. I still give this game a 7/10 since it has many abilities from Arma 2 and is still fun. Expect a lot of bugs though and a few random FPS drops but, that doesn't really effect the gameplay as much.
game-hours: 90.0
review: The third game in the ArmA series brings the series to a new level. The first thing i noticed was that the mouse-acceleration from ArmA 2 was gone, a welcome change to me. And the physics system got a great overhaul, from being nearly nothing (ArmA 2) to be one of the best to date (may get better when we get the full release) The graphics are really good, the textures are big, and the shaders are gorgeous. And best of all, the bugs/glitches are close to none. The gameplay doesnt differ too much from the prequel, though there are some improvments; More positioning options (prone, low-crouch, crouch, high-crouch etc.) and toggleable sights (RDS and scope), of course there are many more, but these are the ones that stand out from the previous game. Also worth to note is that the game is built upon teamwork in the multiplayer mode, In othe words; One does not simply walk into enemy territorium alone... Overall the game is really good, even though its still in Beta. There are room for improvments, and there has to be more content (tanks, jets etc.) But still i enjoy it as much as i enjoy ArmA 2; if not more. Final Rating: The alpha was a bit too buggy to be played 6/10 The Beta feels much more reliable, but we still need tanks ;) 8/10 If it continues on the same path as right now, the full realese will get a 10/10 Nothing to complain about (its Beta after all). I just got one final word to say; BUY! Edit: Tanks etc. are added, but there are still some glitches that make the game unplayable at points. But I'd still give it a 9/10
game-hours: 16.9
review: Yes.
game-hours: 148.7
review: Awsome realistic game, much better than COD of BF!
game-hours: 40.9
review: JA! STRUDEL
game-hours: 26.3
review: Arma 3 is a great military simulator which allows you to explore a VERY large map called Altis and a smaller map called Stratis with other players which leaves you fighting off the enemys who have control of the island. Just recently Bohemia servers have shut down due to Steam buying out the Bohemia and for some unknown reason, we Arma 3 fans are still waiting for the servers to go online. It has been almost 3 months now and still no sign of the servers. This game is best when you are able to play with friends as I dont reccomend purchasing this game until Bohemia Interactive and Steam sort out the server issues. Unfortunately, Arma 3 is going to be sitting in my Steam library gathering cobwebs until the servers are back online.
game-hours: 388.8
review: Loved it, After the success of Cooking Mama and League of Legends the developer Activision shines down on us with the masterpiece that is this game (Gears of Halo Thef Auto 5) and with its staggering 69 dlc packs all priced at $4.20 you'd be a fool not to try this game out. Insomniac Games really outdid themselves on this one. 8/6 would eat without package.
game-hours: 14.4
review: Awesome game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! skit kul spel!
game-hours: 521.4
review: Your soldier starts panting uncontrollably after 2 minutes of jogging. Apparantly soldiers don't have physical training anymore in 2035. 10/10
game-hours: 210.7
review: Extremely Fun and has a diverse amount of different game modes
game-hours: 1152.7
review: This is a must have for any realism, strategy, or FPS player. I strongly recommend it to everyone!
game-hours: 66.3
review: Love the game, but including the multiplayer and themods. this game is god like
game-hours: 2.4
review: This game costs like $60 now.. but it should cost more .. BECAUSE ITS AWESOME! YEE! Best graphic game ever see, nice tactics and the best thing is that you can make the mission that you wish for. and post it to others. and also so many missions are already in the Workshop. Would give the game a 10 out of 10 :o
game-hours: 4.7
review: They Spelt Army wrong. Thats ok though.
game-hours: 483.8
review: Better graphics than real life
game-hours: 472.8
review: Arma 3 compared to Arma 2 is a big improvement for sure, but it stills has a few issues and features that where in Arma 2 that I would have liked to see in Arma 3. Overall its pretty good now since there are some great mods that have come out.
game-hours: 215.0
review: This is a really good game, I enjoy playing this game loads. The amount of gamemodes is great as theres loads of things to do and popular gamemodes such as wasteland can give you hours of fun. Worth the money 100%
game-hours: 169.0
review: Arma 3 is, by far, the best millitary simulator I've ever seen. Only for those who like hardcore millitary simulators.
game-hours: 180.5
review: 10/10 like Skyrim with guns Also I can't see .
game-hours: 2712.3
review: I've enjoyed playing this game as it's got great potential however ACRE needs to be on more multiplayer servers. :)
game-hours: 248.1
review: Operator operator operator. Operator operator? Operator operator Operator! Operator operator? Operator!
game-hours: 2.4
review: This game costs like $60 now.. but it should cost more .. BECAUSE ITS AWESOME! YEE! Best graphic game ever see, nice tactics and the best thing is that you can make the mission that you wish for. and post it to others. and also so many missions are already in the Workshop. Would give the game a 10 out of 10 :o
game-hours: 521.4
review: Your soldier starts panting uncontrollably after 2 minutes of jogging. Apparantly soldiers don't have physical training anymore in 2035. 10/10
game-hours: 24.7
review: You can fight wiithout pants! my gawd best game ever 79 fishsticks out of 56 cakes
game-hours: 76.9
review: Lots of fun, especially with friends and runs alot better then the previous installments, steam integration is also amazing. only problem is that its lacking quite alot of content compared to ArmA2.
game-hours: 38.0
review: Amazing game for anyone who enjoys a fun military simulation! Great gameplay, graphics, lots of interesting mods and high replay-ability.
game-hours: 1543.2
review: intertaining and fun!
game-hours: 860.3
review: This game is hella good you can go from Helicopters, Jets, Boats, Submarines, Parachutes, On Foot... You can do anything that you want freely the choice is up to you. You want too explore you can but... You always must use caution you never know if/when you will be shot at from any direction, any height, any distance and from any type of challenge wether it's Planes Boats, Tanks, Mines, Enemies aka Troops and Paratroopers you name it.. You can also create Missions for you and your friends to play, you can also do anything set on your mind.. But you must follow Server Rules, if you don't want too be Kicked/Banned. You can also do Solo Missions, the Campaign, Training ANYTHING! This game has a ton of Mods! So what are you waiting for BUY NOW!!
game-hours: 47.7
review: This game is just what you would expect from the Bohemia Interactive devs, a great game that is fun with a group of friends. You have many recuring mods in the ARMA series such as island life, wasteland, domination, and even an ARMA 3 port of DayZ, there is even a gamemode only in ARMA 3 called King of the hill. With the multiplayer basis out of the way what about singleplayer? ARMA 3 provides a story driven campaign, and a couple of showcases i.e. Infantry Combat, Aquatic Warfare, etc. ARMA 3 is also returning with a more user friendly mission editor/creator, here you can make your own missions that you or some friends can test out, or upload it to the Steam Workshop. Along with uploading you can also download others missions, some serious, some not. But other than that you should have a great time with this game. Now for the cons (every game has some) just as expected this game is extremely CPU intensive, and GPU intensive, so if you are getting this game make sure you have a good computer. P.S. FPS will be drastically higher in singleplayer compared to multiplayer i.e. SP 45-60 MP 15-30 depending on the server (some are crappy) BEWARE!
game-hours: 581.8
review: Arma 3 is a military sandbox from Bohemia Interactives. I did not have the pleasure of joining the community until Arma 3 was released but glad to have bought the game after highly rated reviews from the online community. I have played the introductory showcases which shows you infantry, armor, and air elements of the games to get started. The campaigns were also an interesting experience as well but lacked that live squad tactics that I desired. Consequently, I transitioned towards multiplayer to see what it had to offer. At the current time, Invade&Annex (capture the town objective), Breaking Point (Zombie RPG), Atlis Life (RPG), and Wasteland (Dynamic Missions and RPG) remains the most popular maps on the servers. Invade&Annex is probably the closest to a military element out of the 4 and the other four are probably experiences that can be better found in other titles. A game model built in realism, infantry tactics, and armor assets should be better utilize than just simply playing RPGs. In search of a more military experience, I discovered Endless Survival, Whole Lotta Atlis, and private gamemaster games more enriching. I found some things that you can't simply experience on those common maps & servers mentioned in the previous paragraph. When can you say that you were able to fly the A10-C Thunderbolt II, parachute into the AO next to your squad, or evacuating out of a hot LZ after protecting the president at the hospital? These were just some of the satisfying environments in which I have played in. In hopes of playing with more like minded fellas and pushing for milsim, let's play! I'm always glad to meet new friends. Strength and Honor, timh1203
game-hours: 223.5
review: Great for people who like realism, Lots of realism groups for you to join to do this on a large scale, It has a nice community and with the addition on zeus mode the game is pretty much an open sandbox world for mission creators to play with. Would definately reccomend picking this up.
game-hours: 75.2
review: Bohemia Interactive have really created something special here, top of the line military simulator an experience like no other. For those unfamiliar with what a Military Simulator game entitles here is a few of the things you will be doing in Altis and Stratis the two maps in game which are ridiculously huge: - Gokarting - Flying helicopters to the max height and then skydiving to your death - Dealing drugs and becoming terrorists in Altis Life - Having a great time attaching .50 cals to your gokart and killing your friends - Great community workshop maps and missions such as 'The Lost Doge' and 'Skytrack 3000' - Having intense raves with glowsticks and coloured smoke The list goes on, in conclusion BUY THIS GAME
game-hours: 35.0
review: Real life war-simulator and extremely detailed. 10 PSI out of 10
game-hours: 581.8
review: Arma 3 is a military sandbox from Bohemia Interactives. I did not have the pleasure of joining the community until Arma 3 was released but glad to have bought the game after highly rated reviews from the online community. I have played the introductory showcases which shows you infantry, armor, and air elements of the games to get started. The campaigns were also an interesting experience as well but lacked that live squad tactics that I desired. Consequently, I transitioned towards multiplayer to see what it had to offer. At the current time, Invade&Annex (capture the town objective), Breaking Point (Zombie RPG), Atlis Life (RPG), and Wasteland (Dynamic Missions and RPG) remains the most popular maps on the servers. Invade&Annex is probably the closest to a military element out of the 4 and the other four are probably experiences that can be better found in other titles. A game model built in realism, infantry tactics, and armor assets should be better utilize than just simply playing RPGs. In search of a more military experience, I discovered Endless Survival, Whole Lotta Atlis, and private gamemaster games more enriching. I found some things that you can't simply experience on those common maps & servers mentioned in the previous paragraph. When can you say that you were able to fly the A10-C Thunderbolt II, parachute into the AO next to your squad, or evacuating out of a hot LZ after protecting the president at the hospital? These were just some of the satisfying environments in which I have played in. In hopes of playing with more like minded fellas and pushing for milsim, let's play! I'm always glad to meet new friends. Strength and Honor, timh1203
game-hours: 223.5
review: Great for people who like realism, Lots of realism groups for you to join to do this on a large scale, It has a nice community and with the addition on zeus mode the game is pretty much an open sandbox world for mission creators to play with. Would definately reccomend picking this up.
game-hours: 4.7
review: They Spelt Army wrong. Thats ok though.
game-hours: 472.8
review: Arma 3 compared to Arma 2 is a big improvement for sure, but it stills has a few issues and features that where in Arma 2 that I would have liked to see in Arma 3. Overall its pretty good now since there are some great mods that have come out.
game-hours: 215.0
review: This is a really good game, I enjoy playing this game loads. The amount of gamemodes is great as theres loads of things to do and popular gamemodes such as wasteland can give you hours of fun. Worth the money 100%
game-hours: 169.0
review: Arma 3 is, by far, the best millitary simulator I've ever seen. Only for those who like hardcore millitary simulators.
game-hours: 308.2
review: its like skyrim, with military grade weapons
game-hours: 860.3
review: This game is hella good you can go from Helicopters, Jets, Boats, Submarines, Parachutes, On Foot... You can do anything that you want freely the choice is up to you. You want too explore you can but... You always must use caution you never know if/when you will be shot at from any direction, any height, any distance and from any type of challenge wether it's Planes Boats, Tanks, Mines, Enemies aka Troops and Paratroopers you name it.. You can also create Missions for you and your friends to play, you can also do anything set on your mind.. But you must follow Server Rules, if you don't want too be Kicked/Banned. You can also do Solo Missions, the Campaign, Training ANYTHING! This game has a ton of Mods! So what are you waiting for BUY NOW!!
game-hours: 19.9
review: Me favourite utuber likes this game. 10/10 and i too 1000/10
game-hours: 28.4
review: You can slide around on your butt. 11/10
game-hours: 152.2
review: Best Game I have ever played! the game is great but there is a slight problem with lag issues but other than that this game is spectaculer when you play with friends. I recommend this to anyone who has a good computer and is looking to buy this game!
game-hours: 1.7
review: Good Game Overall, Brillant First/Third person military sim/shooter, Modding and a pretty good variety of things to do, not to mention the zeus mode so you can troll your friends or just mess around. Great Game 10/10
game-hours: 15.8
review: This game. IS THE BEST ING GAME YOU WILL EVER IIING TOUCH M8! YOU CAN PLAY ARMA 3 LIFE AND GET DOLLA DOLLA AND  HOOKERS AND ROB BANKS SMOKE KUSH AND MUCH MORE! THEREEEES EVEN A JURASSIC MOD COMING OUT JUST LIKE DAAAY Z BUT WITH DINOS!!!!!!!!!!! Yes. Game of the year, makes GTA look like a baby. what? no don't worry about it, Just buy it then ask questions.
game-hours: 293.4
review: If you see me playing this, I'm probably having the time of my life, so don't bug me.
game-hours: 121.5
review: BEST GAME TACTICAL EVER BEST MOD GAME EVER BEST ADD-ON EVER BEST GUN EVER BEST SCOPE EVER BEST CAR BEST SOLDIER EVER BEST ANIMAL EVER BEST HELICOPTER EVER BEST FRANKYON1080INPC EVER BEST FRIENDLY FIRE EVER BEST DLC EVER BEST SETTING LOW EVER
game-hours: 158.9
review: Hit a fence and blow up 10/10
game-hours: 8.1
review: Definetly a step-up towards more realistic gameplay than CoD and Battlefield series. Steep learning curve with all sorts of options in how to affect your avatar in the environment - too many for most of us - so it really takes time to get into. Huge sandbox environments so plan on spending several hours in a match rather than your typical 20 minute arcade-shooter match. Some of the options and controls do feel a little clunky at the moment. You do need a pretty decent rig to run on full graphic settings to get the most out of it. Challenging - very challenging. Great realism - it can be fustrating for new players so expect it going in.
game-hours: 45.7
review: I think this game is great buy it omg im crying to my mom because she slaps the  out of me please help she wanted me to review this game help
game-hours: 148.7
review: Awsome realistic game, much better than COD of BF!
game-hours: 388.8
review: Loved it, After the success of Cooking Mama and League of Legends the developer Activision shines down on us with the masterpiece that is this game (Gears of Halo Thef Auto 5) and with its staggering 69 dlc packs all priced at $4.20 you'd be a fool not to try this game out. Insomniac Games really outdid themselves on this one. 8/6 would eat without package.
game-hours: 1878.4
review: I figured it was about time to right a review about this beautiful game. First off, this game, in all actuality, is more of a sandbox, and a gaming platform, with a military theme than it is anything else. People will fanboy out and say that this is a hardcore military simulator bla bla bla, but really it is what you make it, and it depends on how you play and who your playing with. For example, like survival based games? Wasteland! Into roleplaying as police or rebels, Altis life. Like large scale team on team pvp? King of the Hill by Sa-Matra. Like the hardcore military aspect arma has to offer? Find a good tacsim clan. And there are quite a few. The thing about ArmA is it is designed as more of a platform for things to be developed on, such as the mods that the wonderful community has designed. In our clan we use quite a few mods ranging from sound mods that add more realistic and adrenaline pumping sound effects, to weapon and vehicle packs to give us weapons used in real life by the military units that we essentially try to recreate. The problem with some people is that they expect bohemia to add all of these features and what not such as a medical system, or more realistic this and that, but the problem is if they did things like that the entire community would be effected, not just say the military simulator players of arma, and at that not all clans wish to play the same way, so if ArmA added say a much more realistic medical system, some clans wouldn't like that and it may mess up there playstyle, which is where mods come in, so clans can adjust there gameplay to how they see fit. Overall this game is amazing, I have spent many hours playing on our tactical realism server, and i have spent MANY hours up all night with friends in skype and teamspeak on wasteland servers, playing with extreme military tactics in a post apoc. world gathering gear and taking out any and all contacts. This game has the pontential to bring you hours upon hours of entertainment. Forget all the complaints of "lack of this and needs more that" b.s. This game can be what you make of it and most of us have chosen to enjoy it! There are some amazing things being devoloped for this game such as the A.L.I.V.E. mod which adds a very realistic living breathing ArmA world where enemies have there own objectives and behave like real humans being controlled with real tactics and objectives in mind. Things like that make this game amazing and I expect to be playing it for many years to come. I've been with it since the first month of alpha and it never ceases to get more and more amazing weather it's updates to the engine, or updates from the large and amazing community. There is so much that I can't even begin to cover in this game but from the experienced I have had in this game, it is easily my favorite game of all time, even though it may have some querks here and there, it is amazing - 10/10.
game-hours: 127.4
review: Simulation isn't the defining aspect of Arma. It's scale. The enormity of the map is the foundation for the experiences that distinguish Bohemia Interactive's flagship franchise. It's what makes radios, topographical maps, binoculars, and compasses practical equipment in an FPS. It's what allows for kilometer-long headshots and coordinated convoy raids. It's what makes using your eyes to spot hints of enemies--muzzle flashes, tracers, gunsmoke--as valuable as being a crack shot. The scale of Arma 3 dwarfs everything in the genre, including Arma 2 . Altis , a keyhole portion of which is seen in these screenshots, is a Mediterranean island-nation assembled from ruins, airports, coastal villages, solar power plants, military outposts, salt flats, and tank-friendly scrubland. It's a variegated backyard for you to play war in, but what's more significant is that Arma's landscape finally has the technology it deserves. Arma 3 represents an aesthetic overhaul of the series. Unbelievable dynamic lighting, a volumetric cloud system, genuine vehicle physics, 3D weapon optics, ragdoll, noticeably improved weapon audio, and other grainy, eye-level details await scrutiny inside Arma 3's macro elegance. The best improvement is the merciful cutting of Arma 2's rigid, Tin-Man-without-oil combat animations, which makes infantry combat more responsive in your hands. A half-year in paid pre-release has given Arma 3 time to gestate, but the final build is far from being a comprehensive reinvention of the series, and some long-standing blemishes that arise from its nature as a gargantuan simulation linger. Even on high-end hardware, my framerate dips under the spectacle of some multiplayer missions. Friendly AI units, though marginally better-behaved, still depend on the player to be their brains, an issue that's circumvented by playing Arma the way God intended it: cooperatively. With voice-connected friends and a good user-created mission, Arma 3 is an unparalleled war story generator. On Operation Fault Line with a gang of Steam pals, I had to drive a clumsy, eight-wheeled transport called a HEMTT across the map. To protect this elephantine truck we had a IFV-6c Panther, an APC with a mounted grenade launcher and 12.7mm MG. Minutes after leaving base, our tanky bodyguard eats a land mine, ruining its left track. As we get out to survey the damage, rockets streak across the valley. Everyone's okay, but the Panther is immobilized. Dumping the APC is the only option. We clump into the fragile HEMTT, burning diesel to get off the exposed ridge. Green tracers track the truck, eventually pricking some of my tires. The wheels don't deflate enough to go flat, but the suspension slumps to the left. For the rest of the mission I have to drive lopsided, constantly counter-steering just to keep the truck on the gravel road. But everyone works together to keep our war bus on track--my teammates give turn instructions, read the map, and scan the road for more mines. When we're free of immediate danger, we send someone back to base to retrieve an ATV so that we have a forward scouting element. At one point we position two machinegunners with nightvision scopes at the lip of a valley to provide cover as we drive the HEMTT down an exposed valley, then taxi them back to us on the ATV. The sequence of events, the chatter, the wounds and kills we rack up, all developed because we happened to run over a mine and our tires got shot up. Getting flexible Arma's capacity for stimulating camaraderie, atmosphere, and problem-solving, in other words, is fully intact. The feeling of ownership that arises over these moments between you and your squadmates sticks in your brain. Central to this fun is how malleable Arma continues to be for its community, which before launch day had published almost 1,500 missions to Steam Workshop . Assuming you have an internet connection, this well of content compensates for the absence of an official campaign at launch, which will integrate in three free monthly installments beginning in October. On the ground, a new stance adjustments system is the best thing that's ever happened to infantry combat in Arma. Holding the Ctrl key as a modifier while tapping W or S cycles between nine vertical stances, and you can also take a horizontal step in addition to using Q or E to lean. You feel articulate--making small body adjustments while behind cover initially feels like finger gymnastics, but the system makes more types of cover viable and more types of weapons viable in that cover. Coupled with the general smoothing of movement and the near elimination of Arma 2's uninterruptible, sluggish animations, running and gunning should finally feel comfortable to average FPS players. On the opposite end of your gun, though, AI remains a shortcoming. Arma 3's enemies share plenty of their ancestors' DNA, which means that they oscillate between being eagle-eyed snipers at one moment and static, dumb, 3D silhouettes evocative of a light gun arcade game another. Their greatest flaw is that they lack personality, which mostly resigns them to being targets rather than soldiers. A few sparks of intelligence did impress me--after we killed the rest of his squadmates, I watched a rifleman flee for the first time in Arma, setting up a tense shot where I had a narrow few seconds to snipe him in the back before he disappeared behind trees. This is the sort of human behavior I'd love to see more of, stuff like blind-firing, limping, throwing smoke grenades for cover, claiming abandoned vehicles, or looting bodies for supplies--anything that would lessen the predictability. Friendly AI is even worse, unfortunately, because they're typically your responsibility. It's absurd that my squad's medic won't patch me up when I'm bleeding right next to him unless I order him to. Pathfinding isn't reliable, either: I spent five minutes repeating the Move to and Get in vehicle commands, trying to convince a freed hostage and my squadmate to cross the map so we could finish the mission. They wouldn't budge. The crux of the issue is Arma's mile-long command menu, which scatters dozens of commands across all 10 numerical keys. Like the enemy AI, though, there are glimpses of authentic behavior. I felt like a proud parent when my AI fireteam, unprompted, broke formation and spread themselves behind cover during a raid on a cluttered factory. Breaking formation Bohemia's graphical improvements are substantial enough to make Arma 3 one of the most visually impressive games on any platform. Altis (and its little-brother island Stratis) are rendered with incredible clarity, illuminated by lighting that produces pink sunsets, blinding solar glare, and golden afternoons. I love the way the earth feels textured as you jog and crawl through it--gravel, sand, and grass all emit different sounds under your boots. I'm mostly happy with the graphical performance I've been getting on the three configurations I've been playing Arma 3 on. The caveat being that my framerate varies based on where I am on the map, the number of objects and enemies, and if I'm playing online. On a Core-i7 X990 at 3.47 GHz and two AMD Radeon 5970s on Very High settings, I've gotten 17-25 FPS on one single-player mission and 40-50 on another. Multiplayer is where I found the least-consistent performance. On a Core-i7 870 and GTX 780, I can get 55 FPS in a tight, six-player scenario on Very High, but 20 in a large-format mission like Wasteland . Tinkering with Arma 3's 25 configurable video settings allowed me to improve these numbers a little, but even dialing down the quality to standard or low on my rigs barely helped while playing large multiplayer missions. The scripting or complexity of some scenarios simply seems to bottleneck performance regardless of your settings. Some specific actions also consistently produced framerate dips for me, (Sorry ran out of words)
game-hours: 107.1
review: who has the mental capacity to buy this piece of ? me. im a ing
game-hours: 1127.4
review: This is an interesting game.. It features a unique experience from mil-sim to even a "life" simulator. it is a community driven and built game that allows community built missions, modes and mods, which makes it the ultimate sandbox for anyone. My experiences come from a realism unit focusiong on USMC structure and we use mods for comms and weapons/vehicles. My derp around screw around, comes from mass server altis life and wasteland. I'm also taking an introduction into coding and this game has opened me up to a world of creation, of which can be shared by the click of the button to all of Steam. Also, this game has its issues, its Arma. (slang for, This  is normal). Low scoring or reviewing this game is not logical or well-supported. Play a game or two of Arma 2 and tell me, animations/physics/lighting/mechanics/engine/graphics/rendering/ease of use hasn't improved. The game is a massive upgrade from its predecessors, however lacking a lot of content, and in the end, is an excellent infantry simulator. I gice the game a 10/10. Simply for its improvements and the abilities given to the community. This game will surely grow to be greater then the developers could ever think to make it, if it hasn't already.
game-hours: 226.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 40.9
review: JA! STRUDEL
game-hours: 26.5
review: Arma 3 is a great military simulator which allows you to explore a VERY large map called Altis and a smaller map called Stratis with other players which leaves you fighting off the enemys who have control of the island. Just recently Bohemia servers have shut down due to Steam buying out the Bohemia and for some unknown reason, we Arma 3 fans are still waiting for the servers to go online. It has been almost 3 months now and still no sign of the servers. This game is best when you are able to play with friends as I dont reccomend purchasing this game until Bohemia Interactive and Steam sort out the server issues. Unfortunately, Arma 3 is going to be sitting in my Steam library gathering cobwebs until the servers are back online.
game-hours: 46.6
review: Intense and enjoying game at the same time
game-hours: 14.4
review: Awesome game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! skit kul spel!
game-hours: 28.4
review: You can slide around on your butt. 11/10
game-hours: 210.7
review: Extremely Fun and has a diverse amount of different game modes
game-hours: 1152.7
review: This is a must have for any realism, strategy, or FPS player. I strongly recommend it to everyone!
game-hours: 256.4
review: Much better than that of the 2nd one, less glitched a very polished look that really adds to the atmosphere.
game-hours: 186.0
review: +1 plus one for me great game when it comes to the mods... my heart has never jumped out of my chest from pvp in a long time...
game-hours: 957.7
review: Best thing since sex.
game-hours: 34.0
review: Arma 3 is great! Hands down the best shooter.
game-hours: 195.8
review: Install Mods Incinerate Bosnia Remove Kebab Praise Vojislav eelj Get put on the NSA Watchlist. best game of my life
game-hours: 30.1
review: I've always enjoyed the arma series, the tactical gameplay, strategic planning of things. BIS outdid themselves on this one and i can't wait to see more of what they bring. Note to self: Don't forget to bring ammo into the field, this is like the 4th time i've done this.
game-hours: 133.3
review: Now that it is out of Alpha, it had been a very pleasant experience for me. 9/10
game-hours: 641.1
review: Ruined my social life 10/10 would do it again.
game-hours: 1054.1
review: The best war simulator ever, ofc with mods :D
game-hours: 1094.8
review: Worthet to Buy I am really Enjoying the game but the Only thing that is Makeing me Sad is that the update 1.26 is trash and causeing People to crash there game alot that before crashing servers. Need to make dead more Realistc like arma 2 and Dayz Mod and Dayz Standalone , not get killed and Fly somewhere not to be found. 8.5/10 ~Cookies
game-hours: 754.9
review: Best game eu..! Or it would have been if only they implemented the weapons of modern war, instead of weapons of a war 50 years ahead.. I mean 6.5 caliber rifles? I use that for hunting moose.. But nothing to cry about when there is mods.. ALOT of mods including modern weapons like hk416, m4, scar and so on.. with every possible attachment u can think of.. I highly recomend this game WITH mods.. And for multiplayer experince i recomend ahoy world eu#3 modded server.. its just a blast.. :D
game-hours: 1518.9
review: Look at the amount of hours I have played and guess if I recommend it. Good: Military realism Large map Can't run and gun like COD Almost everything about the game You can be/do pretty much anything in this game. Even a stupid mod that's highly popular called Atlis Life where you.. well... live life as an avatar. Graphics are always a plus, if your computer can run it. Bad: Even after a year of full release, it still has glitches. Fatigue system is a pain in the , but realistic(ish) It's plain and simple. If you love a legitimate military tactics, movement, feel over all, then this game is for you. The modding community is over the top and will release content for this till arma 5 comes out. (Notice I skipped arma 4, that's how dedicated people are to these games). If you like running and gunning.... you'll rage quit within the first day. Highly recommended. Join us on EUTW
game-hours: 168.1
review: a game where walls are just for show and you can walk right through em,A game where ifrits are unbreakable no matter the height, a game where you can fuken get thrown out of a c130 and ram into the ground and live Great game
game-hours: 129.7
review: I think this game is a great military sim.It combines teamwork with tactics and mixes it up with mods and good bots that will give you a run for your money.Now ive only played this for the free weekend so I cant give you a super good reveiw but I will say that from what me and my brother played that this game is vary fun and challenging game and we will definetly buy it in the upcomeing days
game-hours: 50.1
review: Amazingly fun, endless possibilities in this game.
game-hours: 1580.8
review: ArmAIII ruined my life Strongly recommend.
game-hours: 3.3
review: I played the game at free weekend and i find it very good but even more promising. The graphics are breathtaking while the gameplay, in my opinion, can imrove a bit. I loved the greek setting, it reminds me of my vacations. The bad thing is that the free weekend is over and now I can't afford to buy the full game...Anyone offering it as a gift? :)
game-hours: 244.1
review: the best military game
game-hours: 1889.2
review: The best military sim ever!!!
game-hours: 1056.6
review: Great game. Can only be described as a platform. If you can dream it, you can do it.
game-hours: 592.2
review: Dont get this game. You will lose your life.
game-hours: 319.6
review: This game will give you shivers as you play it, it's just too epic. I can tell you that it is worth the price. But when it doesn't overwhelm you with epicness, it makes you laugh your  off because some random  happens from time to time, like tanks flying into space while backflipping nonstop or sudden raining men.
game-hours: 211.7
review: It's the dead of night on the CSAT-occupied island of Stratis, and the peaceful darkness is about to explode into chaos. I'm leading one of two spec-ops teams on a mission to liberate the leader of a local guerrilla faction and return him to the much larger island of Altis. A British squad is in charge of the actual rescue. Our job is to cause as much trouble across the island as possible to distract the CSAT forces and give the British the opening they need. Over the next hour, that's precisely what I do. Inserting by boat from the northwest coast, I head south and raid an ammo dump before cutting across to the eastern shore to destroy a heliport. Then my squad suppresses an enemy encampment from a hillside near the centre of the island as I swoop in from the west to flank them. Yet before we can regroup, my entire team is killed by reinforcements descending from the north, and the British still need more time to complete their mission. Alone, I rush to the southernmost tip of the island, where I blow up a fortified anti-air position before escaping by riding a quad bike back through the swarming enemy forces to the extraction point, where the boat takes me home. Arguably the biggest complaint about Bohemia Interactive's post-Flashpoint games is that their campaigns haven't used the magnificent landscapes they create to their full potential. The first Arma's campaign was a hastily cobbled-together disappointment, while it took a certain zombie-survival mod to harness the austere and foreboding power of Arma 2's Chernarus. That Arma 3 uses half an island for just one of its twenty-odd missions is indicative of Bohemia's effort to resolve this ongoing issue. Indeed, taken as a whole, Arma 3 strives to make this deep and impenetrable military simulator series a more comprehensive, more engaging and more user-friendly experience. It isn't completely successful, but I had an awful lot of fun watching it try. While Arma 3 was officially released back in September, the campaign has been portioned out in three substantial chunks over the last six months. Each chapter is a self-contained entity with its own story arc and theme; combined, they tell the tale of the excitingly named Corporal Ben Kerry and his role in the war over the fictional Mediterranean island archipelago of Altis and Stratis, waged between four different factions. The first part, Survive, is geared towards introducing players to Arma. It takes place entirely on the smaller of Arma 3's two islands, Stratis, and sees Kerry banding up with a group of NATO survivors after the local Altian Armed Forces, backed by NATO's eastern equivalent CSAT, rise up against the local US garrison. For the most part, missions are small-scale skirmishes that keep you firmly in the "follower" category while teaching you the basics of minimising your daily lead intake. Rescuing a downed helicopter crew instructs you on establishing a defensive position, while a midnight liaison with local militia explains how to flank and clear buildings. It's hardly the campaign's most spectacular stage. Story-wise, it's let down by voice acting that ranges from passable to cringeworthy and a script that understands military radio chatter but not how human beings interact with one another. Even here, though, Bohemia's approach to maximising the assets it has built is apparent. Missions are nearly always multi-staged, with objectives being added and changed as events rarely go according to plan. While it smoulders rather than sparks, Survive concludes strongly and the momentum is carried over into Adapt, definitely the best of the three chapters. This introduces Altis, a masterwork of environmental design. I could write another 1000 words on its remarkable sights and sounds: its misty dawns, crimson dusks and streetlight-speckled nights. But what's most important is how the detail that's gone into mapping the landscape's undulations - the lumps and bumps, hills and valleys - plays into the game's combat. A little rise in the ground might be the difference between life and death as you throw yourself down in evasion of the fiendishly accurate enemy AI. When they stop to reload, you'll rush to locate a better vantage point, order your men to "find cover" (an extremely handy new command) and plant half a dozen bullets in your opponent's surprisingly tough body. Tactics are vital in Arma 3, but it's terrain that really makes the difference between success and failure. It's crucial to learn this before Adapt begins, because the difficulty suddenly ramps up. The first mission sees you alone, unarmed and with a city full of enemy soldiers between you and any kind of safety. At this point, setting saves to unlimited using Arma's highly customisable difficulty levels becomes a necessity. Fittingly, after Survive, you will die many, many times. That said, it's important to note that combat is more satisfying than before thanks to improved animations, smoother weapon handling and better optics - meaning the challenge stems from your opponents rather than clumsy controls and slow-to-aim weapons. Adapt also changes the way you play. It gives you a squad to control, which is a mixed blessing. AI units tend to be much more perceptive of enemy locations than you are and are especially useful when facing down tanks and APCs, but they also require a fair amount of babysitting to keep them alive, and the lack of changes to Arma's squad commands means this can be a chore. Especially problematic is AI ammo management; your teammates go through bullets like a swarm of locusts through a corn crop, and resupplying them in the field is a nightmare in Arma 3's clumsy interface. Alongside its story missions, which include the brilliant raid on Stratis described above, Adapt also introduces an open-world component. From your base you can go out on "Patrol" and complete multiple optional objectives, from clearing enemy checkpoints to smoking out a sniper hidden inside a labyrinthine industrial complex, all while collecting weapons, ammo and equipment to use during the main missions - though the clunkiness of Arma's inventory management means this is less enjoyable than it should be. If you want to bring stuff back to base, you need to find a vehicle and load it item-by-item from your own inventory, while before each mission the game defaults to a standard equipment loadout and items you previously had can be lost in this process. After the meatiness of Adapt, the final chapter Win feels fleeting by comparison, with only six missions to its name. But they're also the most spectacular, displaying vast, combined-arms battles that cover sweeping areas of Altis. It's strongly reminiscent of the opening of Operation Flashpoint, but with you in control rather than being led by an AI squad leader. In these closing stages you can call in devastating artillery strikes and helicopter assaults, simultaneously demonstrating the sheer destructive power of modern warfare and your own insignificance in the scale of things. Story-wise, it's also the most interesting segment, making unsettling use of its near-future setting and offering a branching conclusion that is fascinating, whichever direction you take. Arma 3's campaign is a big, powerful, deeply engrossing thing, but there is one disappointment: its lack of vehicular missions. Since the story focuses on one not particularly interesting character who is ultimately a grunt, there are no tank missions, no helicopter missions and no jet missions. I can understand why, to a point: Arma's vehicles, especially its airborne offering, take time and effort to learn to control. Moreover, in these kinds of games infantry combat tends to be more enjoyable anyway. On the other hand, Flashpoint offered plenty of vehicle engagements during its campaign without any issue, and it's frustrating that, 13 years on, Arma's campaigns still lag behind it in terms of breadth of experience. 8/10
game-hours: 22.5
review: you need to buy an extra 3 CPUs and an extra 80 GBs of ram to run this game at low settings 30 FPS
game-hours: 56.8
review: Is the best game ever made in the saga of Arma, i strongly recomend the game, but buy it on a steam discount,becuse is really expensive.
game-hours: 343.0
review: When I first got ArmA 3 back in alpha stage, I thought "You know what this game lacks? Go - Karts..." Well alas, I jump on Steam, and what do I see? "Arma 3 Karts" I thought it was blasphemy, a ruse if you will, but after throwing my money at the screen, then realising that buying things on Steam doesn't work like that, I purchased the DLC. The handling is supreme, and Arma 3 is now what I'd call a finished game. 11/10 would Go-Kart again
game-hours: 313.9
review: - Zip tied someone - Take them to the top of a church - Cut the poor soul's kidney out of their body - make them jump while being shot at and hearing gaben being chanted best game - 10/10
game-hours: 531.5
review: 10/10 Would  again
game-hours: 131.5
review: Well where should i Start... I never played any Arma Title until now. Arma3 as the Main Game got a great Storyline. For the Multiplayer, well i bought it just for "Altis Life" - Mod :D But this Mod is Awesome! Altis Life is an Role Playing Mod with Standart RP Rules (on the most servers). You can chose to be a Normal Guy, Farming Salt, Gold, Diamonds or go Fishing, selling the Stuff for better equipment, Cars or Helicopters. Or.. you can Farm Cannabis, Cocain and Heroin. Become a Rebel and Fight the Police and the System. Steal Money from the good people and so on. Every Cop inside the Game is a Real Player! You chose !
game-hours: 96.0
review: Best. Army. Simulator. Ever.
game-hours: 318.4
review: I am very recommend this game , super realistic with the new update 10/10 - Gameplay
game-hours: 246.0
review: Greedy DLC, The game is "still in Beta". The funnest thing to do by far is KOTH online but good luck getting in a server, randomly the server broswer will flip out and report 0 servers. At which time the only solution is to completely restart the game. Every time hearing that STUPID theme when it starts up, DUH DUH DUNNN DUH! Server broswer reports 0 servers, restart.... DUH DUH DUNNN DUH! 15 bucks for a couple of rifles and diffrent color guillie suits <.<, helicopter pack 15 bucks, still in Beta my . Money Grab, Poorly optimized 6/10 DUH DUH DUNNN DUH! ....... 5/10
game-hours: 1368.6
review: Fantastic progress made by the developers, the most realistic combat style game yet
game-hours: 117.0
review: Arma 3fps
game-hours: 21.7
review: This is what Battlefield 3 should have been before EA got thier nasty little hands on it. This game is as close to the military as your gonna get without giving up your life for 4 or so years (at least from a civilian's point of view). Enough content to cover land, sea, and air. And gives you WAY to many options to play the way YOU want to play (for example. I play intel style). Worth buying.
game-hours: 576.8
review: great game
game-hours: 176.0
review: Scrubland running simulator 2014 is the most realistic scrubland running simulator on the market today. There are two whole islands to explore with varying degrees of grasslands, scrublands, deserts and even pine forests! You can even run through the scrublands as a rabbit or a chicken. Your imagination is truly the limit in this game. 10 despawn seagulls/10.
game-hours: 295.8
review: Arma 3, contrary to popular belief, is a very good game. It really just depends on who you are, or who you play with. If you spend your entire time playing Arma 3 hoping to have an experience similar to Dayz, you won't have much fun. What you really need to do is join servers that are running gamemodes such as Domination, and coordinate with your entire team. Keep in mind that Arma 3 is nothing like Battlefield or Call of Duty because you have to pay attention to the global picture of the entire map rather than just what you are currently aiming at. You have to talk to your squad, even if it is people you don't even know very well, because everyone contributes to the well being of the squad. All in all, Arma 3 is an extremely fun game as long as you play it correctly.
game-hours: 167.4
review: I got ptsd. 10/10
game-hours: 215.0
review: GIVE ME A FRIENDS GIFT FOR THIS GAME PLEEEEASE
game-hours: 815.8
review: Pretty much the best game I've ever played. Looks like you're playing in a picture, and tactics is a really big part. Gets a 100x more fun with some mates. A lot of different gamemodes, and oh the possibilities with all the different mods! Now you can also fire from choppers and ground vehicles with the new update. So gather some friends, buy the game, hop on a server, and get some simply epic experiences.
game-hours: 28.4
review: Kannattaa
game-hours: 6.0
review: no one should have to pay 60 dollars for this game
game-hours: 163.4
review: AMAZING!!
game-hours: 739.4
review: such game many action much cool so fun * * * totally worth to wow
game-hours: 407.2
review: "fast"
game-hours: 124.2
review: ArmA 3 feels like a step down compared to ArmA 2 with its smaller samey feeling arsenal (That doesn't even include some short of shotgun.You heard me NO shotguns.) and rather boring missions. It's poorly optimized and needs a lot of work to become a proper successor to its more entertaining and vastly superior predecessor. Recommended for ArmA fans that are far more hardcore than me who have probably already bought it. For a finished game it sure is buggy :/. Do you have a beefy PC but are still unable to run ArmA 3 with a consistent FPS higher than 30? Left click on ArmA 3 press properties click launch options and insert the following: -noSplash -cpuCount=8 ultra If your CPU count is lower change it to 4. If you are still getting bad FPS change ultra to high or very high. Running ArmA 3 on higher usually makes it run better then when it's lower. Logic, right? I get 50/70 frames. Very random.
game-hours: 312.2
review: As the 3rd installment to the Arma series the quality that this game brings to the table is unpresidented in any other Arma game. With the RV4 it adds in DirectX 11 to bring stunning new visuals never seen before in the franchise. The clunky mechanics from Arma 2 have been reworked and are now fluid as ever in Arma 3. Although the game was rough at launch with performance the series of patches have vastly improved performance and by far is the smoothest Arma to date! Multiplayer is better than ever with the new vehicles new guns! Overall i'd recommend this product to anyone who likes realistic shooters!
game-hours: 47.0
review: 11/10 It may have bugs It may have  requirments But Its got more mods like Altis life, A3L and Battle Royale It goes on sale for like 17.99 You can't really get bored of it. Played all of the arma series This one is optimised and graphics are beautiful. ELEVEN OUT OF F***ING TEN
game-hours: 471.4
review: Whilst still not as refined as it's predecessor Arma 3 offers a host of improvements in it's engine and graphics. The community is growing and you can expect to find a vast array of experiences from the many game-modes on offer: CTI (Capture the Island) KOTH (King of the Hill) Life Roleplaying Battle Royale Team Deathmatch Zeus COOP Patrol Ops COOP Invade and Annex COOP To really appreciate this game find a good group of people to play with and it'll probably become the best gaming investment you ever made!
game-hours: 238.5
review: This game is the best war simulator you can get on steam, it cost alot, but it's worth it. Spend 100 hours in this game, enjoyed every single minute. Recommended mods for this amazing game: Breaking point(Kinda fun) Battle Royale(Most intensive  ever) Epoch(Same as Breaking point, but with building, so it's abit better.) Arma3Life(Best roleplay, alot of new cars, guns. Well it was fun atleast, when it was closed beta now it's kinda shity.)
game-hours: 544.7
review: Fantastic mil-sim game. Sure you may complain about the bugs there are and how the game may look bad, but I've had some of the best times in my life on this game with so many people. So many friendships made, broken, different units, merges, clan battles(trash talking not a pvp match), crazy things and lots more stupid stuff like jumping over helicopters with a HUMMV.
game-hours: 321.3
review: cheguei na alkaida e pow binladen is kill 11/09
game-hours: 119.6
review: Arma 3 is simply the best combat simulator there is. and if you're playing alone or with friends, the game is fun either way.
game-hours: 2048.8
review: Ruined my Life 10/10
game-hours: 1492.1
review: Through all the bugs and the quirks ARMA 3 really is a great game, needs some more time to build the modding community back up from what it was in ARMA 2 though but it seems to be progressing well. Includes a great mission editor which allows infinite scenarios to be created.
game-hours: 1037.2
review: 600 Hours plus. Epic game.
game-hours: 141.0
review: Great game. Lots of popular mods, great modding community, will be around for a long time.
game-hours: 1042.4
review: Arma 3 is a war simulator unlike anything you must have ever seen, it develops the ArmA legacy even further. If you've only played FPS shooters like Call of Duty, Battlefield, Crysis and the like, then you've been living under a rock all this while. You've let the class of "War Simulators" completely pass you by. In a nutshell, Arma 3 is an open world war scenario with two intricately detailed maps featuring places for all kinds of warfare. Whether your choice is to wage war in the complex blocks in Kavala on a sunny morning, or you choose to dive in and assault a coastline on a cloudy night at 11 PM, ArmA 3 is a thing for everyone. Anything in real life combat, can be done here. ArmA 3 has unprecedented levels of sandbox freedom, allowing you to script and create complex scenarios in and outside the editor. Arma 3 lets you customize your weapons extensively. Choose your ammunition, gun and attachments and go out on the field to decimate your enemies. Accurately designed ballistics ensure you always have a winning edge on your enemies. So what do you wait for? Strike hard, Strike fast.
game-hours: 830.8
review: Collect flowers and bugs in the lands of Altis and Stratis with a bit of get f*cked up the rear while doing it. 9/10
game-hours: 170.1
review: Well am an Arma 2 Veteran i was skeptical on getting the 3rd game of the series and man am I sad to say this game is a blow to the series while there are many new things that do look and feel rather amazing most of the content was cut out by the DEVS due to unknown reasons,lack of weapons,vehicles,maps and general content makes the game feel rushed and unfinished. I have been there since alpha and yet not much honestly has changed I think the creators let this game slip with intention since little information is given about new content from the community managers and DEVS themselfs making this just another generic OCD/ADD combat shooter. It may best to say wait 5 years until most of the content will be added by the fanbase and community modders . . .
game-hours: 5.5
review: The game barely runs, don't bother. GTX680, i7 2600k EDIT: There have been minor performance enhancements to make this game playable.
game-hours: 31.9
review: Game is poorly optimized. Don't buy it. Waste of your money!!!
game-hours: 421.6
review: ArmA 3 is great when it runs as intended, the problem is when it doesn't it becomes some what unplayable. I'll keep playing it (as you can see in my hours played) becuase its the only game that does what it does.
game-hours: 687.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 217.7
review: This is a pretty cool games to play with friends and do some roleplay and coop
game-hours: 229.7
review: This is a great millitary simulator and takes a special type of player to play. It has a great modding community and most content from the previous games can be used in this one if you own them. Try the demo of Arma II because this is very similar except for the updated engine. DO NOT expect this to be Call of Duty, they are not comparable. It is a millitary simulator that requires teamwork and leadership to become successful at. I believe this is the best millitary simulator on the market to date.
game-hours: 108.2
review: Just WoW! There is so muuuch to discover in this game! Unlimited potential to RPG Gaming! I really enjoy Altis Life ! Hope there will be much more added, so i dont need to go outside anymore and can do all my stuff inside my second life in Altis.
game-hours: 595.5
review: Dole. Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole DoleDole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole, DoleDole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole, Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole, Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole Dole.
game-hours: 67.7
review: Terrible game, developers highly ignored optimizing and fixing bugs in the game. Almost unplayable on multiplayer because of the lack of hit detection, sky rocketing desync, and minimal power usage resulting in less than 20 fps at times. Keep in mind I have a $1200 rig. Now for the good: The concept and basic features of the game are wonderful. If the developers worked out the kinks involved with the networking/performance aspect of the game it would be a five star game. That is the only reason I do not recommend it. Fix the bugs and it's a wonderful game. As of right now it is unplayable.
game-hours: 18.1
review: Never played an ARMA game, but I really liked BF2 Project reality and Early Tom Clancy FPS games. The pre-order was half of the future retail price and included Alpha and Beta access--so I thought I would give this a try. What I found was a half baked game that was overly reliant on expected croud sourcing assets. The game was bare bones with almost no missions, the engine was sub-par, controls not thought through, and gameplay generally uninspired. If I'd bought a physical copy, I would be selling it right now. Huge dissapointment. If you aren't already a fan of the franchise, you may want to pass or at least wait until it goes on sale for <$10.
game-hours: 212.6
review: Lazy Open ports to play with a friend. Dlc which should of been in the game already, its bare bones and was planned from the start. Unoptimized multiplayer. Forum moderator moves all bad comments about the game to trash bin, even the polite ones. Thanks to the DayZ mod half the servers are "Life" games with screaming little kids. Is it a good game? Apart from these issues, Yes. Will i support any of there future titles? HELL NO
game-hours: 163.7
review: I'm not sure, this game was in Beta test for quite a short time, yet in Alpha test for a decade (bought it in Alpha). Now, you'd expect almost all the issues/bugs would be removed in the beta state, yet not with this one. It still is riddled with bugs and most of the vehices aren't even added. When I made this ''review'', there was only 1 plane, yet there are choppers/tanks, but considering their recent titles that one plane isn't enough especially when the game's actually not optimized properly and still causes lag issues on multiple platforms in multiplayer. Not to mention they didn't have the single player features (campaign) added, it was added about after a month when the game was already RELEASED. These things should of had all been done in Beta!
game-hours: 115.5
review: Mechanically, Arma 3 is outstanding, with controls that are smooth while still portraying the weight of a human body. Weapons feel great and firefights remain intense both against AI and other humas. Atlis is an impressive map with each square kilometer offering interesting options for firefights. The first two episodes of the campaign are good, and there are some great mods and modes already showing up like Breaking Point and the Universal War Sandbox. It also happens to be the best looking open world game around in terms of sheer realism. I'm genuinely excited to see how this game develops in the coming years.
game-hours: 210.0
review: Amazing game but terrible at the same time i played a good 210hrs of the game just to get on the next day and see i was banned i tried contacting them and they did nothing but i researched it and i dont have it the worst people have played for 5hrs and been banned for nothing dont recommend this game at all.
game-hours: 38.7
review: Revised Review: Being a veteran myself I can honestly say that Arma 3 is probably the closest you will get to an accurate military simulator on the combat side. Massive battles that are done tactically, using infilitration, parachuting, convoys, or simply being flown in by another player on a blackhawk. This is war. The first thing I'm gonna get out of the way is the only bad thing I can think of, framerate. I have a decent computer myself but still suffer from 20-30 fps at best. It's not terrible, but can become frusterating. The graphics of the game are well done. Nothing insane here but for how large the maps are, the terrain, vehicle, character, and weapon models are all done very well. Animations are pretty smooth for the most part, and weapon models are accurate to their real life counterparts. Audio in the game is great. Helicopters can be heard, even when they can't be seen, gunfire echos through the streets, and tanks can be heard rumbling their way through the hills. The gameplay is where Arma shines. There is virtually unlimited possibilities to what you can do since the game has mod support. There is an astounding number of weapons and vehicles in the game, and the amount of control you get over them is fantastic. Multiple game modes, such as wasteland (similar to the DayZ mod), RPG (you earn money for new weapons), deathmatches, and large scale warfare on giant maps, with multiple objectives. Many other game modes exist and some are really great. Join in squads with your friends and have a role for each of you, then attempt to escape the island while enemy forces hunt you down. Arma really brings excitement when it comes to firefights, with accurate bullet drops and mechanics, making some fights last awhile, or some simply be over in seconds. The campaign is interesting and will keep you entertained for hours alone, then you can jump into the vast amount of multiplayer options. Altogether, this game is a must have for any military, Arma series, or shooter fans.
game-hours: 307.8
review: Best 20 fps you could ever ask for.
game-hours: 97.9
review: AI is still
game-hours: 0.7
review: this game is so hard, i can't even get in the car
game-hours: 24.2
review: Got the game recently (having never played an Arma game) and although i had heard that the controls were difficult i was willing to spend the time learning them, what got me is that as soon as you enter the multiplayer, you hit walls upon walls of text that the game doesn't tell you anything about.I understand most of it is user-created content but that doesn't stop it from being incredibly confusing joining a server and being told little to nothing about what is going on, you just know its either "Altis Life" or "King Of The Hill" etc. It kinda makes you think they could've done with a few tutorial servers with different game modes so new players aren't extremely confused from the off. Well the first time i went in to a multiplayer game (in a server about 2/3rds full) the chat channels were completely dead, all i heard was what presumably was a fellow noob constantly saying "Hello" (There was someone else talking occasionally but the sound quality was so grainy i couldnt make out anything he was saying) . I figure everyone is on the teamspeak server as from what I'd heard "everyone uses ts on Arma" but nowhere in game did it say where the name/address of the ts server and when i asked in the sidechat the other lobby members told me to stop using sidechat. Similar experiences occurred on the few other servers i tried going on as well. The game shows a complete lack of effort to help anyone who has never played an ARMA game before, how to play the online, and the people playing it seem antisocial and uninterested in helping either. Judging from some of the reviews. the campaign isn't very good either but at least its playable, I'll probably end up on that for a bit in the hope that one day, if i ever manage to get my head around the multiplayer, i won't get constantly mowed down and showed up for the complete noob i am at this game! Overall probably a good game for those new to the Arma series if you have a spare 20 odd hours you are willing to put in to figure out the what is going on in the online game modes, what addons and mods you will need for the game, what ts servers you need to be in, what the controls are, then you will probably reach a stage where you can enjoy the game. But if you don't have that amount of spare time to search the internet for help guides, tutorials, and server info, then you will probably find the game very frustrating. Not at all noob friendly.
game-hours: 13.9
review: friend glitched while i was reviving him started walkin around like he was alive was actually dead was invincible killed everyone on other team 11/10
game-hours: 78.2
review: AIVSAN HELVETIN TURHA HYVIKE JOKA ON EXTRA HAUSKAA KAVEREIDEN KANSSA KUN SAAN LEIPOA LAAMARIPULIA. AUTOT ON SIISTEJ JA PUHTAITA. ISOKOKOISET SERVERIT JA PETTERIT LAGAA JA DESYNCCAA NII MAAN PERKULEESTI, MUTTA EI SIIT ENEMP KUIN KIVIHYRYT. HUISTAKAA JUODA JA SYD VETT ARMASSA KOSKA VETT JA KIVI
game-hours: 5.8
review: I swam for 30 minutes and the black man ran over by boat.
game-hours: 45.8
review: Finally a game that is not casual targetandshoot, in ArmA you first have to plan your mission and then 95% of the time run around. But that feeling when running to an OP, taking position, knowing that you are gonna open fire soon...Just awesome. As in the old ArmAs you get a lot of online mods, but also a very complicated control system and not much for your hardware. But i mean: It still looks very well on a Mid-End PC. Also it is cool that Vehicels are powered rightly (some a bit OP, Bohemsia keeps patching, so...) and that you can discover the Whole huge map So, I would say definitly buy, if you are clear that this is a simulation, not just a Battlefield or CoD
game-hours: 2.6
review: So I played this game when it was free for 3 days and I only played it for a little while. First of all the game was not very well optimized and I found it to be pretty laggy especially in multilipayer with around 50 people playing and bullets and missles going everywhere. I thought that this was a really releastic game becuase of just how many people there are in a game and how its like a big fire fight. I would have to say for people who have lots of money to spend on games, go ahead and buy it if you have a gaming machiene that can handle this game and get playable frame rates. (Recommend an $1000 PC Minimum) But if you play free games like me and don't have an extreme PC build I don't really recommend the game that much.
game-hours: 136.3
review: If ARMA 4 does not come out, I will slit your mother.
game-hours: 4.6
review: Part of the appeal of this game is the realism (i.e. ballistics, stamina, environment), which positive reviewers rave about. The realism makes this the most exciting and action-packed pc game I've ever played. The majority of the game is sprinting for five seconds to a badly rendered bush or maybe a tree with three sides, then having to pause for 30 seconds so that your aim will calm itself. How did the game know I have Parkinson's? You'll unload three clips trying to shoot one contact 100 yards away in an open field, and feel ecstatic after staring and shooting at one another for a good minute. It's almost like playing tag with good friends, except for the part where someone gets tagged. I did enjoy the sounds of bullets whizzing by, and I'm sure the AI experienced the same bliss since we did nothing but lie on the ground and fire seemingly randomly at one another. Ironically, when well- hidden behind a tree or rock (or other random cover) and peek around the corner, the AI suddenly becomes an expert marksman and kills you with one shot. That'll teach me for trying to be tactical. Save points are set within the game, and waypoints are even more predictable, leading to non-frustrating replays and non-existent monotony. There's no real way to be stealthy or use environmental advantages because the AI has Xray and auto-aim, so that's a relief. Your squad will most likely make all the kills, and leave you in the dust since stamina does not affect them the way it affects you. Also, certain characters have infinite health so there's no real urgency in helping with firefights. Time to kick back and let everyone else have fun. Then there's the weird controls, which will have you rolling on the floor (literally) out of cover right into incoming fire. That's the last thing the enemy expects! You'll try to scavenge weapons and ammo from fallen soldiers, only to be shot dead while trying to navigate the extremely simple and intuitive equipment interface. I guess that's my fault for not being able to perform 400 actions per minute. As a plus, you can steal clothing and make yourself wear glasses or bandanas which have no real tactical advantage besides trolling a fallen soldier. I forgot to mention that you'll bleed out and die if you don't bandage your arm with a first aid kit after being shot anywhere on your body. That's actually pretty realistic, since it's a medical fact that your arm is the hub of all your blood circulation and health. As you're wounded, aim and mobility decrease to the point that's so real you won't be able to contribute in any positive way, except to be cannon fodder for the enemy. It's ok though, when you die you'll get to respawn with full health. But then when you restart the checkpoint, you can't fire your gun because there's apparently a glitch in programming (or is it?) which doesn't allow reloading. This is great, since the game already saved your progress and you're stuck with one bullet you can't fire anyways. The realism is scary. I would not recommend this game for $60, or even on sale for $30. I would wait till the price increases to at least $99.99, so that way you'll maximize your regret for spending so much money on a game that's so realistic, you could go outside with an airsoft gun and have the exact same experience. Just make sure you're terrible at everything and the illusion will be complete. Sorry, not illusion; simulation.
game-hours: 316.1
review: Best war sim ever made !
game-hours: 72.7
review: One of the most versatile game.
game-hours: 109.6
review: +Nice graphics +AI of enemies +Catchy storyline so far, we will see in upcoming patches +Realistic weaponry +Realistic vehicles and aircraft +lot of servers and mods to play -Its killer if you dont have appropriate hardware -Could be too "hardcore" for someone -50 euros... be honest -Allied NPCs AI
game-hours: 432.3
review: besst game ever!!! I love BI provides the community with all the means to create custom content!
game-hours: 2.1
review: Arma 3 is a good game, but it is still a Work In Progress. There are many bugs and glitches that will be punched out as time goes by, but that shouldn't keep you from buying the game. Look at Arma 2, it has become a huge success, mostly tahnks to DayZ but its RP aspect. Arma 3 is a truly Next-Gen game which is capable of doing so much. Buy it, don't ask any questions, just do it.
game-hours: 493.3
review: Just some words... Great Game but many bugs.
game-hours: 170.4
review: most def one of the best shooters i have ever played
game-hours: 401.4
review: "It was ok" 11/10 ~IGN
game-hours: 345.8
review: My hours on record should speak for the game itself, its only in beta and already is such a fun game, sure the AI are a little buggy but wasteland, coop, hell even just playing helicopter tag is fun. Its a sandbox game so you can spawn in stuff in the editor and create a mission and then play it however you want to. One of the greats of our generation going beyond anything call of duty, battle field, halo have done or probably will do I highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 129.3
review: A highly tactical kind of FPS, what with it being a mil-sim and all. This is a great game for those who want to take FPS at a slower and more calculating pace, and it definitely rewards you for being a professional player. That said, the player base that actually has groups to play with are very professional, regardless of age. I do recommend this game to those who seek a quasi-realistic experience at being a soldier.
game-hours: 16.6
review: well if you can play this then go for it but dis game not optimizsedsed and not run good, my 2 gtx 780s can run this fine but with occasi0n4L proble,ms game pley is gud but sumtimes lots of running and driving but overall 75/100
game-hours: 666.1
review: Too good....... well that was easy
game-hours: 175.1
review: Great Game With Amazing Gamemodes! Fun with friends and single. I bought this game and never had regrets. Fun, Thrilling & Worth It!
game-hours: 246.8
review: You think you good in FPS Game? Try ARMA 3!!
game-hours: 258.1
review: This is sick! depending on the type of game, you can team up in wasteland, have an all out war in team death match, snipers are amazing, so many rifles, 3 rocket launchers with a laser guidence system, grenades, smoke, and mortors! i love it
game-hours: 96.2
review: Bohemia really knows how to create a war simulation game, I have no idea how did they get a game to run smoothly on a bad computer. Good job, BEST OF 2013!
game-hours: 90.7
review: yyesss
game-hours: 269.8
review: Awesome game just poorly optimized
game-hours: 619.6
review: this game is awesome
game-hours: 1166.2
review: Although not impressed with the "Futuristic" setting (equipmemt wise) ARMA3 is the best choice for those who seek "the something else". Mainstream/arcade-ish game-modes from other games are already there for those who wany "Something easy" while you can also achieve maximum complexity in custom missions with custom community addons. Almost ANY situation/equipment CAN BE created/recreated in ARMA verse -especially with the updated engine/functions. Of course..it's not a secret IT IS a VERY demanding game on your hardware-but performance optimizations will be more visible by the time. Bohemia Interactive have never let their ARMA fans without support/optimizations/free content in the past. I don't have reasons to believe something will change in the wrong way in the immediate future :)
game-hours: 199.8
review: Much improved over Arma II. Loads of downloadable content especially for multiplayer/co-op. The AI is smart enough so that each scenario is not exactly the same every time. On the down side, development seems to be a bit slow. There are still some glitches, and patches aren't released regularlly. Some of the keystrokes take some getting used to. If you are using mouse/keyboard, do yourself a favor and practice flying the helos before attempting to use them in missions. 4/5 stars.... with potential! Loads of fun to play
game-hours: 142.4
review: Arma 3. The first of the Arma series I've ever played, and I'm regretting the fact that it is. Arma 3 is a immense game, full of content, incurable graphics, and a great military simulator. Arma 3 isn't for those expecting fast-pace action like the Call of Duty titles, or Battlefield. This isn't a shooter you can just go running in gun's blazing and come out with 20hp after defeating five enemies. Arma requires you to be tactical, strategic, calculated, and defensive. The A.I. are quite capable of dropping you with one shot if you don't use your surroundings to there fullest, (even on recruit settings they are more than capable). Arma 3 does have some bugs, but these bugs aren't game breaking like some titles. FPS can drop suddenly, A.I. is sometimes broken, you can become stuck in walls or on a rock, then be crush, and sometimes vehicles tend to not respawn to control's. (This is rare though). Arma 3 overall is a great game. Were this military shooter really shines is the multi-player, and it's modding community. There are a ton of different modes out there for your game play. From custom missions, to Co-op, and even RPG with a big community support. This game, with friends, and even by yourself, is great. Overall, I give the game a 8/10 and I'm looking forward too many great times on this shooter.
game-hours: 488.4
review: 10/10 will ruin your life.
game-hours: 220.8
review: True "Battle Simulator 2014" when you want it to be, but also a hint of RPG. Obviously by a hint I mean the ~1000 Altis Life servers running right now. Love this game, it's my most played game. King of the Hill, Battle-Royale, Wasteland, Breaking Point, and countless Life type servers make this a great game for programmers and players. "Worth the $60 I didn't spend for it." *cough* Bought it *cough* reatil. *cough*
game-hours: 15.9
review: Awesome graphics and the gameplay is highly realistic
game-hours: 120.8
review: This game is just amazing. 10/10 should buy
game-hours: 109.9
review: Probly best military simulation shooters you could buy with out going into a real combat zone. would recomend this game to anyone!
game-hours: 55.4
review: The single player campaign, despite being released in 'episodes' is one of the most immersive and exciting Single Player games I have played. A wide variety of missions, a storyline that that keeps you interested and obvioulsy great locations from both Stratis and the huge Island of Altis too. If single player isnt your thing, then there is sure to be an 'infinite' amount of co-op missions made by players and mods for the Multiplayer as well that will always be entertaining. Still doesn't cut it? Learn to use the map editor and create your perfect scenario that you would like to play out in Arma 3 either by yourself, with a mate of with all of your friends if you so desire. 9/10, definitely recommend! Altis was very poorly optimised on release but it has improved a lot since then. Even I can run it on medium/normal with a 560 ti and an i7 2600 at a respectable framerate in most cases. Hope this helps! See you on the battlefield!
game-hours: 894.4
review: Arma 3......
game-hours: 123.4
review: Shooting flying submarines with lightning, 10/10
game-hours: 1093.4
review: One of the best games ive played
game-hours: 11.5
review: GREAT GAME 100% awesome you can do so many things
game-hours: 581.0
review: I went online, ended up in a Go-Kart with a HMG on top, and then getting a nuke and exploding everywhere from hitting a small rock with a gokart. 10/10 GOTAY
game-hours: 33.2
review: Great game, very fun gameplay, however I only played it free for the weekend. If I had the money, I would have bought it.
game-hours: 192.7
review: War is fought by soldiers not the gun, it is fought by a ing tank coming down a road while you have you're pistol of doom. Ps no pants have been harmed in the making of this game
game-hours: 75.8
review: If you want a challenging game, with a great community and a stupidly fun editor then buy this game
game-hours: 51.8
review: Kewl.
game-hours: 40.7
review: i LOVE THIS GAME 10/10 I love the guns and items and the user interface that's a big plus way better than arma2 why are u reading this go buy it now im going to buy that's for shore 10/10. :)
game-hours: 195.8
review: awesome game you shoulkd get it
game-hours: 2.9
review: No zombies 2/10
game-hours: 395.3
review: i shot a fish in the face
game-hours: 44.3
review: You either love this game or you hate it. If you like games with military tactics and GUNS and stuff this is the right game for you.
game-hours: 180.0
review: ARMA 3 So when I saw this game for the first time, I thought that soon will release another excellent piece ArmA. However, the first disappointment was already in anticipation, as the extremely small amount of technology and absence campaign. But this disappointment disappeared when issuing the first chapter of the campaign was excellent and the new technique also appeared. But I will not criticize. I must say that the guys from Bohemians are struggling and working hard to repair, etc. Graphically it's a big shift but a new engine this could offer more. The playing area is huge and real and opens new possibilities for mods. Technical equipment and weapon was terrible at the beginning and the newly added equipment was broken but gradually improves and fixes. Despite this, however, it is compared ARMA I and II, step backward. Personally, I think that would Bohemia Interactive could use a better future. On the other hand, however, the campaign is excellent, what more can I say. Final verdict: ArmA III is an improved forward, but it is incredibly untapped potential. If it Bohemia Interactive put in the time and dedicated technicians and armor, or even a new engine, so it would be something completely different, much better. 8/10
game-hours: 239.5
review: love the vids but i wish it was cheaper
game-hours: 156.8
review: Best game ever 10/10 ing sooooo goood the game is jsut just so awsome and so much fun!
game-hours: 96.2
review: Bohemia really knows how to create a war simulation game, I have no idea how did they get a game to run smoothly on a bad computer. Good job, BEST OF 2013!
game-hours: 90.7
review: yyesss
game-hours: 269.8
review: Awesome game just poorly optimized
game-hours: 619.6
review: this game is awesome
game-hours: 1166.2
review: Although not impressed with the "Futuristic" setting (equipmemt wise) ARMA3 is the best choice for those who seek "the something else". Mainstream/arcade-ish game-modes from other games are already there for those who wany "Something easy" while you can also achieve maximum complexity in custom missions with custom community addons. Almost ANY situation/equipment CAN BE created/recreated in ARMA verse -especially with the updated engine/functions. Of course..it's not a secret IT IS a VERY demanding game on your hardware-but performance optimizations will be more visible by the time. Bohemia Interactive have never let their ARMA fans without support/optimizations/free content in the past. I don't have reasons to believe something will change in the wrong way in the immediate future :)
game-hours: 199.8
review: Much improved over Arma II. Loads of downloadable content especially for multiplayer/co-op. The AI is smart enough so that each scenario is not exactly the same every time. On the down side, development seems to be a bit slow. There are still some glitches, and patches aren't released regularlly. Some of the keystrokes take some getting used to. If you are using mouse/keyboard, do yourself a favor and practice flying the helos before attempting to use them in missions. 4/5 stars.... with potential! Loads of fun to play
game-hours: 142.4
review: Arma 3. The first of the Arma series I've ever played, and I'm regretting the fact that it is. Arma 3 is a immense game, full of content, incurable graphics, and a great military simulator. Arma 3 isn't for those expecting fast-pace action like the Call of Duty titles, or Battlefield. This isn't a shooter you can just go running in gun's blazing and come out with 20hp after defeating five enemies. Arma requires you to be tactical, strategic, calculated, and defensive. The A.I. are quite capable of dropping you with one shot if you don't use your surroundings to there fullest, (even on recruit settings they are more than capable). Arma 3 does have some bugs, but these bugs aren't game breaking like some titles. FPS can drop suddenly, A.I. is sometimes broken, you can become stuck in walls or on a rock, then be crush, and sometimes vehicles tend to not respawn to control's. (This is rare though). Arma 3 overall is a great game. Were this military shooter really shines is the multi-player, and it's modding community. There are a ton of different modes out there for your game play. From custom missions, to Co-op, and even RPG with a big community support. This game, with friends, and even by yourself, is great. Overall, I give the game a 8/10 and I'm looking forward too many great times on this shooter.
game-hours: 488.4
review: 10/10 will ruin your life.
game-hours: 220.8
review: True "Battle Simulator 2014" when you want it to be, but also a hint of RPG. Obviously by a hint I mean the ~1000 Altis Life servers running right now. Love this game, it's my most played game. King of the Hill, Battle-Royale, Wasteland, Breaking Point, and countless Life type servers make this a great game for programmers and players. "Worth the $60 I didn't spend for it." *cough* Bought it *cough* reatil. *cough*
game-hours: 1076.3
review: Very good game all i can say buy this if you like role playing/fast action shooter
game-hours: 4.3
review: (PTGSD) Post Traumatic Game Stress Disorder 2014
game-hours: 295.2
review: Buy this game you will not regret it
game-hours: 50.4
review: This game requires a good pc my pc is a decent pc with a brand new graphics card and it is still struggling a little to run this game but, it is deffinitaly a good game.
game-hours: 558.3
review: some of the engagements you will get into on this game, other games like battlefield attempt to pull off but do not come close to feel at all realistic as it does in this game, would definitely reccomend
game-hours: 755.7
review: This is a great war simulator which suports realisim with real time 1st or 3rd person stratagy. go it alone our with a squad of AI's or players and i general great game
game-hours: 32.6
review: In brief: - If you're an Arma enthusiast, Arma 3 is a _must_! - If you don't know the Arma series, this game is a MUST :) ! Infantry simulator, with the ability to drive vehicles (Land, Air, Sea) with high degree of fidelity and real simulation. Physics, gameplay, story (for single players), graphics. The game is just awesome. Warning: if you're picky (might commit suicide on the first pseudo-bug encountered) or you like FPS action, John-Wayne-style, this IS NOT for you. This is more a simulator than a shoot-em-up game, where tactics, speed of wit and experience play an invaluable role in the missions. And sometimes, things don't behave as expected... But rarely... But it happens... However, if you like to zero up/down your sniper scope to compensate for the distance, if it makes you happy to carry a couple of weapons in your backpack, your magazines in your bandolier and night vision goggles on your combat helmet, if it matters for you to enter a vehicle and find most of the internals working (like speed/fuel/RPM gauges, mirrors, screens...), if you like UAV's and small drones that fit in your backpack, if you like to select your ammo type (tracer, belt, regular mag), if you find it awesome to play in an environment with kilometers of view-distance, if it engages you to play a game where there is no health bar, but every bullet counts (both the ones you deliver or receive), if you like to customize the game and create your own scenarios and campaigns and play them with your friends, if you like to play Zeus (yup, the Greek God, with the Lightning bolt)... If... If... If all (or most) of the above apply to you, well, this game is for you. This is one of the games I can't recommend enough.
game-hours: 1212.0
review: the game still needs lots of work in differnt places but if you have the time to mod it and find the right bunch of guys to play with you will defo fall in love with this game for the price you pay and hours you get need i say more
game-hours: 85.0
review: mcdonalds is a good game, i would recommend it.
game-hours: 77.3
review: Amazing game! Alot of different community made gamemodes available.
game-hours: 40.7
review: i LOVE THIS GAME 10/10 I love the guns and items and the user interface that's a big plus way better than arma2 why are u reading this go buy it now im going to buy that's for shore 10/10. :)
game-hours: 195.8
review: awesome game you shoulkd get it
game-hours: 2.9
review: No zombies 2/10
game-hours: 395.3
review: i shot a fish in the face
game-hours: 309.3
review: It's Arma, not Call of Duty or Battlefield or Halo or whatever... It's simulation, so no 360quickscope, no gender-related bashing, no "noobs vs pro" to a certain degree, Simply one of the best simulations game in existence. It's basically a military simulations, with multiplayers and good gameplay, with multitudes of community mods. With massive content created by community, you buy this game, you could play more than just 1 game. Yeah, wanna play The Sims? Arma 3 have it. Wanna play Tank Battle? Arma 3 have it. Wanna play Ace Combat? Arma 3 have it. Wanna play racing games? Arma 3 have it. Wanna play... oh come on, try them for yourself! I'm not paid to write long review, so I'm gonna leave it here. Oh, and zombies... Hehe, what's better than playing zombie in Arma themed world? Download a zombie mod, use a script to spawn tank, and have fun!
game-hours: 34.5
review: good job bohemia. this game is worth the money
game-hours: 239.5
review: love the vids but i wish it was cheaper
game-hours: 156.8
review: Best game ever 10/10 ing sooooo goood the game is jsut just so awsome and so much fun!
game-hours: 4.5
review: Nvidia GTX 780 = $800 ASUS 24" 1080p Monitor = $300 Playing on all lows and still getting 10fps = ArmA 3
game-hours: 53.7
review: Played around 50 hours of this game so far and its really fun. The main thing that got me hooked was Altis Life, still every other gamemode is just as engaging. Highley recommended game if you have the required specs :)
game-hours: 390.6
review: If you like Shooting things This is the game for you
game-hours: 536.5
review: An awesome game
game-hours: 17.8
review: !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 54.9
review: If this game was a woman, I would pursue her until the end of the earth trying to touch her face with my unworthy hands.
game-hours: 11.5
review: GREAT GAME 100% awesome you can do so many things
game-hours: 581.0
review: I went online, ended up in a Go-Kart with a HMG on top, and then getting a nuke and exploding everywhere from hitting a small rock with a gokart. 10/10 GOTAY
game-hours: 33.2
review: Great game, very fun gameplay, however I only played it free for the weekend. If I had the money, I would have bought it.
game-hours: 340.0
review: A fantastic game! It's still in his alpha but it's completely fantastic. It's worth those 25 bucks you pay for it.
game-hours: 97.6
review: Arma 3 is a rather good combat simulator which I would recommend to people which have an interest in this sort of game.
game-hours: 23.6
review: 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 53.0
review: Solid single player campaign so far, and the multitude of community missions means your hard pressed to run out of new missions to play. But this game really shines when it comes to large coop missions. I also recommend Sa-Matra's version of the Wasteland mission over the others.
game-hours: 154.1
review: GLORIOUS ARMA MASTER RACE GAME NOW LOOKING EVEN BETTER. NO WAY TO EXPLAIN IT OTHER THAN BY SAYING IT IS THE GREATEST GAME TO YET RELEASE THIS YEAR. oh wait wrong game. its not that good.
game-hours: 40.9
review: Holy, What can I say? Bohemia you did it again, there is never a dull moment with this game, one moment I was walking through a forest with my men, being stealthy (I took my pants off to be super sneaky) and one guy set off a mine, killed 2 of my men, we had to fight a whole squad of the enemys my heart was racing. Think you have had enough of this game? Your wrong, there is TONS of modders out there creating mods for our entertainment, from zombie killing to diving contests, there is a mod for you. Don't feel like playing a mod? Go to the steam workshop and find a mission that others made, for you to play!!! All in all 12/10
game-hours: 100.1
review: got arrested on a role player server for- 6 counts of murder with vehicle 3 counts of grand theft 1 count of nudity 1 count of asking the admin for a handjob 3 counts of escaping arrest 11/10 better than gta
game-hours: 245.8
review: awesome, a group of people restriant me and left in a chruch and called me the new pope. My friend crashed a tank into my straitor and blew up.
game-hours: 222.2
review: Playing this game like it's my job. Really fun, I would pay full price any day of the week.
game-hours: 9.5
review: the definitive go karting experience
game-hours: 34.4
review: Quite difficult for me but i love it :D
game-hours: 102.8
review: Wow... when i bought this game I thought that I was going to play it like 1 hour or so. But now that I bought it, I'm addicted. It has endless gamemodes. Maybe it's expensive, but it's worth it.
game-hours: 32.3
review: i endorse this product and/or service
game-hours: 436.7
review: ArmA 3 is an excellent game for 2 reasons. Number one, its engaging and immersive and fun, and number two is the fact that Bohemia Interactive cares about its modding community (Hence the competition "Make ArmA, not war"). But ArmA 3 comes with a few flaws. Chief among these, in my opinion, is optimization as I own a very good mid-level PC and I seem to be getting around 16 to 20fps. Also is the lack of vehicles and weaponry, although I know that is set to change, I would have liked the game to be complete and not an "about to finish up Beta". But if you have some friends that are interested, then why don't you visit the islands of Altis and Stratis. Live a new life in Altis or Stratis Life, fight for survival in Wasteland, or work together to defeat OPFOR AI in Invade and Annex. Just bare in mind that this is a Military simulator, so no run and gun or Rendezook's here, just good ol' fashioned tactical warfare.
game-hours: 282.6
review: Just WOW
game-hours: 28.0
review: It has everything a person can want in a game.
game-hours: 190.9
review: its the bes, has a varity of mods its awesome!!
game-hours: 374.4
review: Just buy it! No further information needed
game-hours: 183.0
review: A fantastic Military Simulation Game. I have not had so much continous fun from a game in years, since Crash Bandicoot on PS1. I cannot express how awesome the Arma community is and how much I love the game.
game-hours: 283.7
review: Most people don't want to buy this game because they were displeased with the last game Arma 2 but Bohemia kicked it up a notch im so amazed on how good of a job they did on this game it's my money well spent!
game-hours: 1359.2
review: BEST GAME EVER.
game-hours: 454.0
review: This is not a game, this is a simulation if anything. Admittedly its not really war, and its not a good representation of the horrors of conflict, but its significantly better than Call of duty's over romanticized grade 6 representation. As for worth, this is not a game you can really quantify. Unlike many games where the campaign length or the multiplayer dictate its quality, this is much more than a game. If you played and liked Arma 1, or 2, buy 3. And if youre thinking about buying Arma 3, do it. The endless modibility, the mission creation and steam workshop, and the rich community are what make the Arma series a true beauty. Not to mention the Multiplayer and Campaign are kick .
game-hours: 593.7
review: Obviously, you'll know what you're getting into if you've played, and had fun playing Arma II. Potenetial for some really fun mutliplayer experiences, and a whole bunch of missions on the workshop to play on your own. Huge map and great game mechanics.
game-hours: 448.8
review: This is war! If you like military simulation games this is worth your money.
game-hours: 118.0
review: I enjoy arma 3 most realistic military simulater I have played.
game-hours: 47.3
review: Its a really good game!
game-hours: 214.6
review: An improvement from ArmA 2 in every way.
game-hours: 244.6
review: The only game where I had a UN Press team try to interview me in the middle of a firefight about the war in Altis.
game-hours: 113.4
review: Too many wasteland servers. More domination and warfare please.
game-hours: 247.2
review: Injected with real life elements with a dose of PTSD on the side Your mind will be focused BUT! wait.. don't attack alone...Because in this game Teamwork is key.. and that is what this game flows upon Team work it has a charm that no other game can create Worth the 60 Dollars and the DLC package this is by far the most i mean the MOST amazing game i've ever played
game-hours: 61.0
review: this game is awesome buy it
game-hours: 122.8
review: Much realism. Pew pew.
game-hours: 2254.0
review: Nice ! Best game ever !
game-hours: 17.4
review: Moar realistic than real life.
game-hours: 252.5
review: fUN
game-hours: 25.2
review: This is not your typical run and gun game. You must take your time to learn the ins and outs. I highly recommend it.
game-hours: 73.5
review: I got the game while it was free for two days and it was awsome, I loved everything about the game, but it was a little to graphic for my windows 7. But trust me this is worth 59.99. But make sure your PC can take the graphics.
game-hours: 566.4
review: Despite many of its early faults, Bohemia Interactive - as well as the always extremely-active ArmA community of modders et al - really pulled the ArmA universe to a whole new level. The graphics are only the beginning of the immersive environment: realistic projectile ballistics (as well as surprisingly detailed terminal ballistic effects), well-done animations (especially of essential combat tasks, like reloading), and the variable stance/lean system. Unfortunately, there are a few problems that have plagued ArmA since the beginning of time, namely the AI. I say this because even after becoming intimately familiar with the game and the teammate command system, detailed commands are bulky at best. AI as a whole tends to be relatively oblivious when it comes to medium- and "crew-served" weapons; the suppressive fire command does absolutely nothing with your machinegunners and autoriflemen, and anti-tank gunners apparently forget they have 15 pound rocket launchers strapped to their backs and decide their small arms are the most effective weapons against MBTs. The aerial platforms' damage models could be improved as well (i.e.: losing parts of the aircraft when you clip a tree or wires rather than just exploding), however, this would require a lot more work than may be worth it at this point - perhaps later in A3's lifetime. Fortunately to me, despite these (at times) fatally annoying flaws (*cough* AI *cough*) nothing in the virtual world comes close to the level of accuracy (both from the vanilla BI platform and the ArmA communities' multiple mods) that ArmA 3 delivers.
game-hours: 6.3
review: Good god, the realism in this MILSIM is just incredible! Bullet drop, survival, and the AI is just great! ARMA 2 was good, but this, this is amazing! Only thing is, the UI is a little hard to adjust to as I am a Black Ops 2 and BF3 and BF4 player as well. 99.7/100
game-hours: 108.9
review: Amazing game Great core experiance with full modd support i recomend sixupdater Some of the best editor and mission making out there ecpecialy with the new zeus tool. Choose Arma for you military sim needs
game-hours: 288.7
review: OMG. When I need to rub one out, I play Arma III. Seriously... I beat my meat like it owes me money while driving the vehicles. Also, this is a good game.
game-hours: 50.3
review: I love this game! I've been playing multiplayer a lot there past couple of days. If you are looking for a real military simulator this is the game for you. When you find players that will join a group with you and take the game seriously it is tons of fun. This is NOTHING like Call of Duty or even Battlefield. I would recommend this game.
game-hours: 132.4
review: Very CPU intensive, but great graphics. Has many different gamemodes to play. Don't recommend buying this game if you have a bad computer. But overall a great game
game-hours: 67.8
review: a great game! if you can run it........
game-hours: 34.4
review: Quite difficult for me but i love it :D
game-hours: 102.8
review: Wow... when i bought this game I thought that I was going to play it like 1 hour or so. But now that I bought it, I'm addicted. It has endless gamemodes. Maybe it's expensive, but it's worth it.
game-hours: 32.3
review: i endorse this product and/or service
game-hours: 436.7
review: ArmA 3 is an excellent game for 2 reasons. Number one, its engaging and immersive and fun, and number two is the fact that Bohemia Interactive cares about its modding community (Hence the competition "Make ArmA, not war"). But ArmA 3 comes with a few flaws. Chief among these, in my opinion, is optimization as I own a very good mid-level PC and I seem to be getting around 16 to 20fps. Also is the lack of vehicles and weaponry, although I know that is set to change, I would have liked the game to be complete and not an "about to finish up Beta". But if you have some friends that are interested, then why don't you visit the islands of Altis and Stratis. Live a new life in Altis or Stratis Life, fight for survival in Wasteland, or work together to defeat OPFOR AI in Invade and Annex. Just bare in mind that this is a Military simulator, so no run and gun or Rendezook's here, just good ol' fashioned tactical warfare.
game-hours: 282.6
review: Just WOW
game-hours: 165.2
review: The game is awesome. Needs alot more mods though. ARMA 2 has a better mod selection. COMON PEOPLE MAKE SOME MODS!
game-hours: 121.5
review: This is, hands down, the best military simulator available. There is a steep learning curve and it's not very "plug and play," but A3 can deliver an incredibly rewarding experience if authenticity and realism are up your alley. The Arma series has proven to be both a fun combined arms shooter as well as an invaluable training tool.
game-hours: 844.1
review: Great open world tactical combat game. Buy it and team up with some friends and kick !
game-hours: 137.1
review: Arma 3 is a eagerly welcomed upgrade from Arma 2. The new stance system, upgraded engine, and water gameplay truly helps you experience the life of a military operator. The best part is that the modding community is stronger than it was for arma 2, with mods ranging to advanced AI to weapon resting, and custom gear to real world weapons, this game does everything better. Arma is the only game you're going to find where it's a good idea to find you're grandpa's old army handbooks.
game-hours: 17.6
review: AWSOME GAME!!!!
game-hours: 790.6
review: Great game. Worth the amount!
game-hours: 197.0
review: pretty awesome
game-hours: 2106.5
review: I had 1071 hours of pure awesomeness so far Cars, Trucks, Tanks, Choppers and Aircrafts are plentiful! You can even get the Kart-DLC just for fun! Not to mention the variety thanks to mods where even more is to come! Even more so are the maps! Locations never get boring. No Mission needs to be the same. Several huge scaled, fully open maps. Even the same mission can be done endless different ways. Thanks to Zeus playing with others while being watched by a Gamemaster the possibilities go through the roof! Play it casual on "King of the Hill" or team up and join a group with regular training sessions with your very own missions. Need to take a break from military duty? Enjoy yourself in "Altis Life" Mod. Just join the Servers and try your career as a Trucker, Bandit, Rebel or Cop! Maybe you'll find a Server where you can join as a medic or you want to play the role of a cult leader? Or just  around with the cops and organize a rally to legalize weed? If you're tired of jumping, hyperactive kids on battlegrounds join the "elite". You sure will find a group to join that will teach you the ways of ArmA, because it's community is awesome.
game-hours: 89.4
review: Work on that multy player FPS DROP Bohemia for the love of GOD!!!!!!
game-hours: 10.5
review: One of the best and most realistic modern shooters out there. Great online content and community. Good campaign. Amazing graphics. Well worth the money if you're looking for an open world, modern shooter.
game-hours: 657.0
review: Needs more stupid content! Like Go-Karts! Oh wait...11/10
game-hours: 213.0
review: Bestest, but hosting multiplayer servers should be done by NASA:
game-hours: 781.4
review: Arma 3 is an improvement over the previous ones, but the game still suffers from clunky interface and lackluster AI. For an Arma fan like myself, though, it is the best Arma so far.
game-hours: 87.8
review: Arma2 with some new weapon stances, granade shortcut keys and zeus live mission mode. Definately worth getting with discount - would not recommend paying full price if u got Arma II already.
game-hours: 143.2
review: Atlis Life If You Want No Life.
game-hours: 28.5
review: First day in Altis was taken hostage by rebels and hurled out of a moving helicopter before being mugged for my car and being thrown in prison as a consequence. 10/10. Would holiday in Altis again.
game-hours: 233.6
review: Really nice game.. Beautiful aswell. Just the campaign made me rage xD
game-hours: 95.4
review: Awesome military sim
game-hours: 425.9
review: Very good game.
game-hours: 925.7
review: my favorite steam game! many free mods (altis life, wasteland, hostile takeover, breaking point, etc) we play @
game-hours: 1771.2
review: NICE SWEET
game-hours: 83.6
review: Great game its a must have
game-hours: 89.5
review: I enjoyed this game.
game-hours: 1188.0
review: Amazing Game, Lots Of money opertunitys if you get good at scripting>.... Tons of server host looking for mission modders!
game-hours: 257.8
review: Needs more vehicles!
game-hours: 362.9
review: ALPHA was very good BETA was kinda bad FULL GAME is crap
game-hours: 357.2
review: Great game; not like any other shooter
game-hours: 53.4
review: Ist mehr Simulation als Shooter aber genau dass finde ich das interessante daran. Viel Mglichkeiten durch Mods macht es vielseitig.
game-hours: 443.6
review: Bugs, Hackers, glitches, Unfinnished patches, Unreleased vehicles, Just right there would be enough to steer away anyone from purchasing this game. However, even with all that I still will play Arma III. The online multiplayer experiences are pheonominal, and definetly unique. If you've ever played massive online sandbox fps, for example, Planetside 2, you will know the kind of online experiences to expect, however unlike other sandbox MMOs, the experiences you get with Arma, are changing. Its not a repetitive, boring, same old grind. Depending on what server you want to play on, you can find yourself, playing with other players against AIs, using modern military tatics and utilizing resources to save a down player pilot, or you can find yourself running drugs in the cover of night trying to evade player police. As long as I have played Arma III, I cannot say that it has been boring for me. However this game is not for everyone, so if your not into the sandbox effect, i would continue on with your day, but if you enjoy unique experiences, and a endless interaction, then I highly recommend Arma III.
game-hours: 371.8
review: this game is great but be ready to spend hours finding loot
game-hours: 112.1
review: The quintessential first person military sim for the seasoned military shooter fan or first-person shooter players looking for a bit of depth and substance in a game. This aint arcadey casual rambo CoD or Battlefield rubbish folks. This is the real-world modelled experience every FPS player *should* be looking for. And if you haven't been... you need to take a long hard look in the mirror and tell yourself to lay off the drugs.
game-hours: 105.5
review: Only played about an hour so far however, I have enjoyed that small time very much! Way more realistic than ARMA II, which I enjoyed as well. Attachments, costume customization, ragdoll, graphics, swimming, extra animations and improved sniping adds for a great game... Well done although, I cannot rate this yet. If you're looking for a war simulator, this is for you. The graphical optimisation still makes me want to vomit and I have not currently found the character customizer yet. Snipe on!
game-hours: 50.0
review: lol. great game, just get it already dingus
game-hours: 148.9
review: The possibilities are endless! :D Seriously this game can do pretty much anything if you know how
game-hours: 11.8
review: ITSSSS GOOOD
game-hours: 620.5
review: While I do recommend this game, it's only thanks to Arma's modding community. And well in advance. Because, while there already are some very good mods and missions for Arma 3, the vast majority of them simply is additional content ported over from Arma 2. As for the game itself in its vanilla form: thumbs down. Bad net code, bad design, awful single-player campaign, terrible bugs (like AI twitching when you hit them with your fire). Technologically Arma 3 is stuck in 2009. Graphics don't age well, it already looks outdated, while being very demanding resource wise - bad optimization. Unfortunately, Arma 3 doesn't have any competition in simulating combined arms warfare. While every aspect of Arma 3 is done poorly, it's the only game that comes with all of it in one package.
game-hours: 98.9
review: When you look down you can see your legs 10/10
game-hours: 130.5
review: Helicopter shot down by an AI jet. I manage to escape with a parachute. Land on a land mine. 10/10
game-hours: 155.0
review: There are so many mods and gamemodes for ArmA III that there is no way to "do it all." My favorites include Battle Royale (a Hunger Games PvP mod, sort of), Altis Life (Heavy RP) and Wasteland (pew pew!). It's hard to recommend any game for $60 because almost no game is worth that, but that's what I paid for this one and I have certainly gotten my money's worth in memories since.
game-hours: 65.3
review: Fun, great community, plenty of mods to keep you entertained but this game is expensive, it's a stretch whether it's worth 60$ imo but its very fun Would buy again if it got cheaper
game-hours: 80.1
review: ARMA 3 is a fun game to play with your friends and offline. The offline story is very god and its always action. If you thinking of buying it i just say DO IT! Its worth it! But 1thing dont stop playing it in the beginig couse its hard, just restart and try a new tactic! ///sry for the not so good english///:) BUY IT!
game-hours: 1182.3
review: Brillant. Outstanding. Beautiful'er with sweetfx. Not for fans of COD/BF3/ArcadeFPS. Make sure you have a 6coreAMD/i52500k or better. HD7770 or better. And be prepared to spend some time in the bug tracker... .....for the next 3 years or so.
game-hours: 173.9
review: The best war simulator
game-hours: 164.7
review: IT HAS RELOAD ANIMATIONS NOW!!!!!!
game-hours: 119.5
review: A good game 8/10
game-hours: 66.4
review: Super fun game worth every penny!
game-hours: 259.9
review: Very good, very hard, very.... laggy at times. Arma 3 is great, it's fun tactical and all that good stuff. The community made content is fantastic and the multiplayer is great if you find a decent enough server. However it does carry over quite a few problems from it's previous installments, some of these incluce -Extreme difficulty navigating buildings due to weird responsiveness of controls -Nearly all of the building are unfournised -TOO MUCH WASTELAND SERVERS -A lot of MP servers are laggy as hell -Vehicles made out of ing paper That aside, It's still the best shooter I have played as of yet.
game-hours: 821.3
review: Its a good game. Though recommeded for people who like to take millitary shooters very seriously. Otherwise the fun side its pretty
game-hours: 478.0
review: Awsome.
game-hours: 282.1
review: Absolutely best simulator out there
game-hours: 127.0
review: 's Bananas yo
game-hours: 1.4
review: this game rock
game-hours: 62.0
review: Love the realism this game brings to the 1st/3rd person action genre. Recommend to anyone looking to step up from battlefield or Call of duty.
game-hours: 633.6
review: Its a good game.
game-hours: 110.6
review: Get it :Q
game-hours: 13.5
review: An excellent military simulator, has a large learning curve and requires patience inorder to to become skilled at. Like most multiplayer games, Arma 3 works ALOT better with friends becuase it allos for you to have more coordination, which is a very important factor in Arma 3. Its fairly system intensive , but has gone through alot of optimiztion patches, but you should still look into the system requirements before purchasing. I would highly reccomend it, especially if you have friends to play it with.
game-hours: 49.2
review: Hours of fun and a good time... Worth full price
game-hours: 136.3
review: Awesome game to play
game-hours: 254.1
review: Have you ever been kidnapped before? Well i'll tell you one thing it's terrifying. Me and my 2 armed other friends just fueled up our car and we started leaving the gas station. As we we're leaving 2 men in a suv parked they're car right infront of ours and told us to get out. We we're scared so we attempted to drive away. All of a sudden rubber bullets started flying everywhere. They managed to knock out my friends. I was still conscious but I was terrified. They tied us up with zip ties, put us in a suv and took away our phones. As we we're being kidnapped, I noticed a man hiding behind a building. We we're brought to a junk yard with a tall crane. They brought us all the way to the top. At this point I knew it was the end. They were gonna gonna kill us. All of a sudden I noticed a man at the bottom of the crane. Then I saw 3 cop cars driving towards the junk yard. The 2 armed men started shooting at the cops. As they were shooting I saw a helicopter flying towards us. I was happy and scared at the same time. Bullets started flying everywhere almost hitting every part of my body. One of the kidnappers started climbing down the ladder towards the bottom. Some how I managed to break free of my zip ties and I pulled out a gun and shot the armed man shooting at the cops. Me and my friends started screaming saying we we're the victims. One cop climbed up the ladder and told us to get to the bottom immediately. So we did and as soon as we got to the bottom we asked questions about the situation. We got pardoned of our crimes for killing one of the kidnappers. All of a sudden I heard gun shots flying everywhere. I noticed they were rubber bullets because I saw many cops getting knocked out. I looked up and saw the helicopter flying away probably requesting for back up. I looked back down and noticed everyone knocked out and tied up. The only ones who we're still free was me and my friend. My friend started shooting at the armed man. I tried to peek and see if could get a clear shot but as I peeked gun shots flew near my head. So I looked for cover. I saw my friend on the ground unconscious. I saw the armed man walking towards my friend tieing him up. I had the perfect shot, I aimed my gun slowly towards head and took the shot. I quickly ran towards the police and unrestrained them. They quickly unrestrained my friends. We ended up driving to Kavala in shock of what just had happened. We kept driving and never looked back. That doesn't just happen in any other multiplayer game. I thought it was all just a movie, a show or something. I never knew that could ever happen in a videogame. If you're looking to buy it YOU MUST DO IT NOW. If you ever want an expereience like that then this is the game you should buy. 11/10 -IGN
game-hours: 335.5
review: Drove a car over chicken wire. Car broke. 10/10 would drive over chicken wire again
game-hours: 763.8
review: The greatest military sandbox I have ever played, Arma 3 is a lovingly crafted game, giving you an endless amount of scenerios to enjoy. Singleplayer gives you the option to screw around with the editor and either create the insane or the epic. It's a challenge to learn but well worth it. The main campaign can be frustrating at times, but overall is a very excellent experience. User-made content and scenerios add another layer of depth, and Zeus gives an easy integration of that and multiplayer. Multiplayer is by far the strongest point of the game, giving an in-depth experience in many a situation. You can play it as a roleplayer, joining Life servers. You can be a survivor of the wastes in Wasteland, or you can join in many user-made situations. The greatest of the options, however, is proper, team-based objective gameplay. With the right men, squads can work together to accomplish tasks against insurmountable odds. It gives a very strong sense of satisfaction to be part of such a team, and finishing the mission only solidifies that feeling. If you want a very-well made military simulator, offering wonderful graphics, processor-melting situations, teamwork, tension and combined-warfare operation, Arma 3 is for you.
game-hours: 87.8
review: Dope
game-hours: 163.3
review: baum
game-hours: 537.0
review: -Spawn -Get in chopper -Get shot down by aimbot enemies -Repeat 10/10
game-hours: 455.2
review: This game is just awesome. Ppl may complain its too expensive, but they are rly wrong. For what an Arma game have and for what the community build for the game its a pretty cheap price you are paying. Expect to have hundreds of hours of gameplay, because you wont master all the skills necessary to enjoy the full content of the game in just 10 hours. This game is not for casual Players.
game-hours: 38.2
review: After recently playing a lot of Arma II, mainly on the game modes 'Island Life' and 'Wasteland' I decided that I absolutly must have this game, and when it went on sale this summer sale (2014) I snatched it up right away; and I can tell you I do not regret it a single bit! Wasteland is a little different to what I was used to on Arma II after only playing it for a short while but fun nethertheless, Zeus is where the game has really caught my attention! Read up on Zeus and give it a shot, you wont regret it if you want more depth to a shooter.
game-hours: 89.9
review: Life-like graphics and immersion would give any veteran ptsd. This game will turn anyone into a adrenaline junky instantly. The realistic gameplay and balistics are punishing, but at the same time very rewarding. This third installment of Bohemia's army simulator set in the near future on an existing island offers tactical gameplay and is enjoyed best playing in a squad. Although lone wolfing can be done your survival chances will be smaller. The base game includes access to multiplayer mods like Battle Royal, Wastelands, King of the Hill, Altis Life and Breaking Point. High replayability value and a mission editor for those who like scripting all makes Arma3 worth your money. Requires a mid-high end pc to run properly. The gameplay can be slow. Some mods don't run as well as others and suffer from desync. It has a few bugs and glitches, though nothing game breaking I've experienced so far. The movement can feel clunky and the controls/keybindings may take a while getting used to as there are just so many. I would reccomend Arma3 to anyone who enjoys a serious militairy simulator.
game-hours: 105.0
review: I've been waiting for a game like this my whole life without even knowning it. Quite possibly the best shooting game ever made.
game-hours: 407.1
review: YES
game-hours: 0.7
review: most realistic water ive seen
game-hours: 6.5
review: I drove a jeep for 10mins to get to where the fight was. Immediately after getting out of the jeep i died without even being able to fire a single shot. let alone spot the one that was shooting at me.
game-hours: 52.4
review: Lots of different game modes to keep you busy. it's all about that wasteland mod though
game-hours: 10.6
review: AMAZING AS SH***************************************************************************************8I*********************************8T
game-hours: 502.1
review: ArmA 3 is a whole new dimension on Military Sim's. It brings not so far into the future tech with squad based teamwork. Even while in Alpha / Beta this game is great. Its another great addition to the ArmA / Operation Flashpoint series! 9 / 10
game-hours: 440.6
review: More a battle Sim than a game :)
game-hours: 246.7
review: There is nothing quite like this game when you are in a full scale firefight, exchanging rounds, helicopters flying over head, your squadmates moving to flank the other team. You aren't alone in this battlefield though, many other firefights could be taking place anywhere on the map. You have free range to go where ever you'd like on the maps which are HUGE. Be forwarned though, you'll want to either ride or drive a vehicle if you have to run anywhere over a couple kilometers. Another warning that this game is NOT like Call of Duty, or Battlefield. It has a much more realistic feeling and is much harder, doesn't have an rpg system of leveling up, and you there isn't a scoreboard. That being said when you pull of something tactical with your squad, or do a combined strike with your team it is so rewarding and fun. There are mods for those of you that don't like just the base game. I haven't played breaking point, but I believe it is much like DayZ (a zombie survival mod with perma-death). There is also king of the hill, wasteland, and a few other things. I mostly play the game for multiplayer, but there is a mission editor to make missions, or to just spawn stuff and fight. There is also an episodic campaign that BI is releasing. Mod tools have just recently been released. The game is early in it's life and is going to hit full stride in a matter of months. If you want to see what's capable check out how ARMA 2 is now. Now on to opinions of techincal things. The sounds in this game are amazing, and the graphics are also phenomenal for such large maps. The lighting is crazy good especially at night. The physics are a little iffy, and there are quite a few bugs. This is to be expected with such a large world though. This is the only game where I actually jump when I get shot at, and find myself instinctly ducking at my computer. There are only two maps, Altis and Stratis. The enviroments have a great mixture from grasslands and forests to villages or cities. In terms of content ARMA 2 has much more, but I believe as the game starts to get older the community and BI will start releasing A LOT more stuff. ARMA 3's urban fighting is awesome. I love it, but ARMA 2 does long engagements better I think. The game is pretty demanding I run it on high with a 7850 XFX Black Edition 2GB, 12 GB RAM, Phenom x6 Thuban 3.2GHz and get okay FPS. The community isn't awful like other FPS games. I love this game for the realistic, tactical, and strategic fighting that everyone has to do. There are mods for other things which makes me think this game has something for everyone. I would recommend this game to someone who is looking for a more mature, serious, and hardcore community than most other first person shooters, as well as looking for a game that is more realistic and team based. If the person loved to play lone wolf, wanted anything they wanted in content right this second, or was easily angered by a bug here and there I wouldn't recommend it to them. TL;DR - Graphics, Sounds, Lighting all amazing. Urban combat is better than ARMA 2. This game is for the person who wants a hyper-realistic first person shooter with heavy emphasis on team work that doesn't mind a bug here and there, and isn't bothered by waiting for more content for a little while.
game-hours: 241.1
review: if crying, running 14 kms and dying and being abused by children is what you are looking for, then this game is for you. 10/10
game-hours: 181.2
review: Best game. End.
game-hours: 2.2
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 720.0
review: One of the best games ive ever played. almost every update they releae makes the game almost like real life also the rpg servers are epic
game-hours: 349.7
review: yes i lub it
game-hours: 164.1
review: gr8 gme, luv gettin sick killz. careful tho, easy 2 die. be safe.
game-hours: 307.2
review: Watch the showcases, (they're old but you should be able to find them) they're about 14 minutes long and show off lots of cool features, including disguises and much more. This game is NOT finished and needs to be updated still.
game-hours: 68.8
review: Arma III is a great game, very buggy at times but at its core still very fun. Wasteland and Altis life are probably some of the best parts about Arma III they are super addicting to play, especially wasteland! Would definatly recommend the game
game-hours: 63.7
review: I just love this game!
game-hours: 136.6
review: Great game, you should really consider getting it. :)
game-hours: 1238.2
review: Make Arma not War!
game-hours: 14.3
review: awesome game
game-hours: 53.2
review: It's okay.
game-hours: 269.7
review: Yes with over 20 guns and 12 vehicles I r8 8/8
game-hours: 484.7
review: Despite it's flaws, the infantry combat is two steps up above ArmA 2, adding much needed fluidity to once an extremely clunky interface. That coupled with the inclusion of Play withSix granting users an easy way to access the hundreds of user-generated content (a requirement), makes ArmA 3 worth getting at full price.
game-hours: 9.5
review: With the new Zeus DLC, I honestly think that the future of RTS is with this game. If you have the hardware to run the game its a must-buy, its the only pc game out there thats actually a full military simulator rather than run and gun fps.
game-hours: 149.8
review: this game fun for goofing around and fun cause it has so many modes and servers and big maps and good graphics
game-hours: 620.2
review: I do recomend this game but it has its flaws. Its a tone of fun and multiplayer is fantastic if you are willing to play a long time. Ussaly in multiplayer their are three types of game modes. RPG,Player vs Player or Player vs AI. In all three it takes some time getting used too, their is a lot of walking and not always in your face combat like cod or bf4. Its a simulator, a really really buggy simulator. And here is where the flaws come in. The game is so buggy and poorly optimized it takes more hardware then is nesseary to run it at good fps. People with some of the latest graphic cards and cpus still get low fps, and the ai is horrible, Not as bad as arma 2 but its not great. With a $100 grahics card and $100 cpu you can play this game on low graphics after tweaking it a bit tho. But that being said the game is really fun still and defintaly worth your time if you are willing to put effort in learning how its played. Also you do not need this game for anything that deals with DAYZ. Dayz standalone does not need this game to run and for some reasion a lot of people thought this.
game-hours: 297.7
review: much graphics, such sunrays, guns wow
game-hours: 339.5
review: Probably the greatest FPS game ever created. Completely unlike all other FPS (COD, BF etc) though. Awesome graphics, awesome gameplay and awesome realism.
game-hours: 0.3
review: It's ok, kinda laggy, hopefully they optomize for mid-end computers in the future.
game-hours: 15.4
review: Arma 3 is fun
game-hours: 262.5
review: This game is EPIC!
game-hours: 2368.5
review: Excellent game, very easy to interact with the enviroment with the many poses etc.
game-hours: 126.0
review: What can I say? This is Arma 3. Perfect in every sense. Best thing about Arma games are their mods. Altis Life, Breaking Point, King of the Hill, Battle Royale..etc. You name the kind of gameplay you want and it is available out there. The bonus is that this game is optimized properly as opposed to Arma 2. The new engine in Arma 3 makes the graphics look REAL. Definietly recommend this.
game-hours: 174.4
review: I was never a big fan of simulators let alone military simulators, but the first time I played arma 2 I fell in love. Although, I never bought arma 2 I did buy arma 3 and holy crap was it amazing. Amazing graphics, an amazing aresnal, and an amazing game. There is many glitches and long waits to do a mission, but you can see through that and notice the beauty arma 3 gives. There is many fun game modes and even mods to spruce up the adventure. So, pick up a gun a helmet AND GET OUT THERE SOLIDER.
game-hours: 32.5
review: i would buy this, but i dont have money
game-hours: 324.8
review: Hours of Entertainment
game-hours: 14.2
review: This game is plagued with awful optimization issues that make the game practically unplayable in certain mods. For example, in Wasteland, one of the more popular mods out there, the game will literally crash my entire PC every 10-15 mins. I do not have this problem with any other game and have run stress tests on my PC several times. Arma has had optimization issues since Alpha and this really needs to be looked at for Radeon card owners like me (HD 6870). I've done everything from reinstalling drivers to amping up the fan speed to maintain at a very reasonable 60C. Chances are you won't run into this problem. But then again you might and if you do, you're in for a world of frustration. I don't have problem is most other modes. This game is very finnicky and like I said there are some optimization issues as people with weaker specs may be able to run the game better than someone who meets/exceeds recommended specs. Most of my friends have also experienced a couple of crashes in their time with Arma 3. So crashes are not at all a rare occurence in Arma from my experience. Do I recommend this game? Hard to say. Mods like Wasteland and City Life are what really make this game worthwhile and there's a half decent campaign going for it. Grab it at a discount but don't pay full price. Overall: 7.5/10
game-hours: 8.1
review: im in war!!
game-hours: 844.1
review: Great open world tactical combat game. Buy it and team up with some friends and kick !
game-hours: 137.1
review: Arma 3 is a eagerly welcomed upgrade from Arma 2. The new stance system, upgraded engine, and water gameplay truly helps you experience the life of a military operator. The best part is that the modding community is stronger than it was for arma 2, with mods ranging to advanced AI to weapon resting, and custom gear to real world weapons, this game does everything better. Arma is the only game you're going to find where it's a good idea to find you're grandpa's old army handbooks.
game-hours: 17.6
review: AWSOME GAME!!!!
game-hours: 790.6
review: Great game. Worth the amount!
game-hours: 197.0
review: pretty awesome
game-hours: 2106.5
review: I had 1071 hours of pure awesomeness so far Cars, Trucks, Tanks, Choppers and Aircrafts are plentiful! You can even get the Kart-DLC just for fun! Not to mention the variety thanks to mods where even more is to come! Even more so are the maps! Locations never get boring. No Mission needs to be the same. Several huge scaled, fully open maps. Even the same mission can be done endless different ways. Thanks to Zeus playing with others while being watched by a Gamemaster the possibilities go through the roof! Play it casual on "King of the Hill" or team up and join a group with regular training sessions with your very own missions. Need to take a break from military duty? Enjoy yourself in "Altis Life" Mod. Just join the Servers and try your career as a Trucker, Bandit, Rebel or Cop! Maybe you'll find a Server where you can join as a medic or you want to play the role of a cult leader? Or just  around with the cops and organize a rally to legalize weed? If you're tired of jumping, hyperactive kids on battlegrounds join the "elite". You sure will find a group to join that will teach you the ways of ArmA, because it's community is awesome.
game-hours: 89.4
review: Work on that multy player FPS DROP Bohemia for the love of GOD!!!!!!
game-hours: 10.5
review: One of the best and most realistic modern shooters out there. Great online content and community. Good campaign. Amazing graphics. Well worth the money if you're looking for an open world, modern shooter.
game-hours: 657.0
review: Needs more stupid content! Like Go-Karts! Oh wait...11/10
game-hours: 209.2
review: ! go get it
game-hours: 7.4
review: Anyone who likes to play in army sims or loves retared physics. this is your game. best game in the arma series. easily run on IGpus. Jolly good fun :)
game-hours: 217.8
review: Must play game !!!
game-hours: 117.3
review: Great game. Great successor of the previous one. A must have for every military enthusiast!
game-hours: 94.6
review: Realistic coop/multiplayer game and singleplayer offcourse, I can already tell that this game is based on teamwork and it's awesome. good job bohemia!
game-hours: 556.6
review: Arma 3 is a very fun game to mess about on but it is quite hard to play seriosly as the AI are absolute  and becuase crashing into a fence at 2 kmh in a car kills you. Apart from this it is a very fun game to play on Altis life but i wouldn't really recommend it that much who actually want to do millitary stuff on it.
game-hours: 126.1
review: Fantastic Game!!! It really does need some patches, more weapons and animation fixes (Especially with reloading). But other than that, if you love extremely hardcore games (AND ONLY HARDCORE GAMES, THIS GAME WILL BE BAD IF YOUR GOING TO PLAY IT LIKE COD OR BF), then this is the game for you. Considering the state that its in, i'd give it an 8.5/10 . But when the DEV's fix the glitches and animations, this game will easily score at least a 9.5/10 for a Military Simulation. It has a very steep learning curve, but in 5 hours or so you should get the hang of it :D
game-hours: 22.4
review: Won battle royale without killing anyone 10/10
game-hours: 45.1
review: A game where you can get sexually violated ingame, but still feel like it happened in real life.
game-hours: 965.1
review: Not for the light hearted. If you're looking for an easy game/shooter, this is not the one for you. Arma III incorporates aesthetically realistic and functionally sound elements which require not only multifaceted operation but also reticulated execution as such. Arma III caters to the serious gamers who adhere well to solidarity in teamwork and efficacy in realistic measures. With various elements in play such as air support in many forms, ground armour and true ballistics, one needs to be on their top game to prosper in the battlefield of Arma 3.
game-hours: 514.2
review: Do you like tactics? Do you like explosions? Do you like tanks and explosions with tactics? Do you like UAVs with explosions with a convoy with tanks and explosions and amphibious APC's with tactics? Then you need this game!
game-hours: 113.7
review: Do you want to die a lot? Good, 'cuz you will.
game-hours: 1404.1
review: Arma 3 is an amazing game they started off with quite a few problems but have worked a lot of them out. The dif mods, and the Zeus portion of the game gives you an awesome chance at making the game you want it to be as well. I would recommend 10/10!
game-hours: 2.1
review: IDEALNIKS
game-hours: 363.1
review: Mejor que su predecesor, es un gran juego para los amantes de todas las disciplinas.
game-hours: 44.0
review: if you are a fan of games that involve warfare, and fps, i strongly reccomend this game. i'll assume that you're not an ARMA veteran, becuase if you are, you dont need to read reviews to know this is a good gam.. simulator. War simulator. good and bad side: it is very hard to learn (it's good because its a simulator not a game, and war is not easy, as CoD would suggest. and it's bad because you're going to die a lot) good side: it is higly entertaining and challenging, the developers worried about things like fatigue and shooting stances and it's effects on accuracy. bad side: tutorials could be better, squad commanding engine is clunky at best, your units will present the bug where they no longer move wuite often, forcing you to continue alone against what you fight with a squad, or loading the game to it's last saved point... what can really piss you off. but the goos outweight the bad. 8.0/10
game-hours: 523.9
review: <3 best game <3
game-hours: 162.4
review: Great game, i love the game, and i fell in love the game mode rpg, on projectnarnias rpg server, its nice and good staff
game-hours: 827.7
review: The community is trash, its a mix of team killing, autism, and milsim faglords making  overly complicated. As usual with arma games the optimization is absolute garbage and no matter what you do, you wont hit 60fps consisstantly in online. The guns feel great but have the impact of a pellet rifle, especially the 9mm sidearm NATO gets. The story doesnt make sence but its arma, you dont play it for the singleplayer (i was very disapointed however that the singleplayer was not co-op like in 2). The only way to make this game good is by A) Having a squad that fits you, whether it be autistic milsims, people who are just playing to  around, or a mixture of both, who is in your squad ultimatily deterimines your fun B) MODS MODS MODS MODS. The massive amount of weapon mods spices up the gameplay with familiar faces like the AR platform and ak platform rifles. It makes the game much more realistic ironicly. C) Having lots of patience. Good luck finding a server that is consitantly good that doesnt have faglord admins (Ive been banned for saying "wat" isntead of "what", asking someone to turn down their mic, and using opfor weapons while playing as blufor). 6/10, 8/10 with mods Be advised, when you download mods, even if its something as small as a retexture, you will NOT be able to join 50% of the ing servers because arma doesnt like having us filthy modders join vanilla servers. So the servers will be split and you will be getting upset because of the lack of a filter between vanilla only and mod friendly servers.
game-hours: 371.8
review: 8/10 (cuz of bugs) worth buying!
game-hours: 133.1
review: This game continues to be one of my favorite games. If you are into survival/fps games this is well worth the try.
game-hours: 2.0
review: I wish I had the money to buy this game :( IT'S SO FUN!
game-hours: 320.5
review: I like it, it's very tactical and weird
game-hours: 31.7
review: This game is still a bit buggy since release but that's to be expected with such a large project. I have a lot of fun playing the campaign but the most fun comes out of the community made gametypes. I definitely reccomend this game!
game-hours: 980.5
review: LITERALLY THE BEST GAME THAT EVER EXISITED EVER
game-hours: 14.3
review: Lets start off by saying that, this game is great. Totaly worth all the money. Now this games does have its flaws. the controls are hard to get used to, almost every key on the keyboard is used for something, or multiple things. Also the game engine is broken. if you want this game you need to have one heack of a PC. On single player, full graphics, usually runs nice for me. i do have a GTX Geforce 660 TI and a 4.33 GHZ prosseser. but sometimes on single player, there are massive framerate drops. on multiplayer, running as low as this game goes, im getting about 20-30 FPS. But not always. And now lets get to some more good things. The vide and screen shots dont seem to capture what this game can really do. You can build your own battles, so much to do in multiplayer like regular battles to survivals to get a jjob make money and live your life out with the need to buy guns and fight the rebles and the cops, or be a reble or a cop. the underwater diving and submariens are fun. There is litearaly SO SO SO many gear types, clothes back packs guns attachments, and alot more. so yes, i do highly recomend this game, but only if you have the PC for it.
game-hours: 37.9
review: Digital Deluxe Edition buyers should get the map packs for free ,sorta disapointed
game-hours: 363.1
review: REALLY GOOD GAME
game-hours: 182.4
review: Amazingly real but extremly hard
game-hours: 76.1
review: Great Game! If you played Arma 2, then you have to play Arma 3. Even if you haven't, play it for the explosions. I would seriously recommend you add this to your library.
game-hours: 56.5
review: The controls are doo doo, but with friends this game can be pretty fun.
game-hours: 831.0
review: Good game to play, single or multiplayer. plenty to do in it.
game-hours: 73.2
review: THIS IS ING AWSOMEEEE!!!!
game-hours: 86.4
review: THIS GAME IS ABLE 10/10
game-hours: 40.1
review: Fun and realistic combat simulator. Strong lurning curve but when you start to learn it, you can have alot of fun. I strongly recommend to people who like realistic games.
game-hours: 208.3
review: Bohemia please code better thx <3
game-hours: 263.4
review: Best game for team work and endless fun. Great graphics too, but you need a beasty system though to enjoy max settings. CPU hungry
game-hours: 819.3
review: 10/10
game-hours: 209.0
review: i lern to bcum stronk soldier 11/10 will solder agin
game-hours: 76.7
review: Zeus
game-hours: 31.8
review: Amazing game, Amazing graphics, Amazing Price I am totaly recommending this game!
game-hours: 12.7
review: Super fun!
game-hours: 312.8
review: LOVE HOW IT CRASHES EVERY 5 MINUTES. WANT $60 BACK
game-hours: 289.5
review: Game is amazing! Definetely recommend it to anyone into shooter games although there is a lot of other cool things to do in the game, along with all the fun multiplayer lobbies. Makes this game a ton of fun! Rated 10/10.
game-hours: 368.1
review: Arma 3 is a combat simulator, meaning that it is realistic and has great physics. The campaign is interesting and has enough combat and action so you don't get bored easily. There are many modes/mods to play on Arma 3 like Wasteland, Altis Life, Domination, King of the Hill, Team Deathmatch, etc. Arma 3's editor is awesome and allows you to make simple bases, missions, or expirements or complex bases, missions, and expirements. The game is $60USD but is definitely worth buying if you're interested in games that include a sandbox, several gamemodes, and many ways to play. If you don't believe the game is worth buying, check out videos on YouTube about several of the game modes in the game and decide off the gameplay you see.
game-hours: 39.6
review: Great game, love the cover system, love the editor and Zeus. Only problem: crappy servers (can't find ones with people in my area). Would recommend, as I do already.
game-hours: 264.7
review: If say you like call of duty, straight into some action, then probably not the game for you, however, forget this game's campaign and clunky  controls and go to the multiplayer, give say an "invade and annex" server a try, trust me, if you are to just follow a group of players, you are bound to have some of the best moments in your gaming life so far.
game-hours: 460.7
review: Best military game out there!
game-hours: 228.3
review: GET IT!
game-hours: 70.3
review: Singleplayer is an exercise in pain on high difficulty. Game overwrites autosaves and limits you to 1 save. Prepare your body for an autosave with grenade launcher rounds inbound forcing you to restart. Great roguelikelike.
game-hours: 654.8
review: /!\ This revue is for multiplayer only as there is no actual singleplayer content in this game. This game is weeks of fun with your friends if you can spend hours to learn the keymapping and the demanding gameplay. And it is years of fun if you can spend days to learn to use the complex mission editor. For me the hugest content in a FPS ever, and features are still being added month after month.
game-hours: 109.1
review: ARMA 3 is so good I don't have time to fully review it I just want to get back to playing.
game-hours: 2.5
review: Awesome. Defo worth the cash
game-hours: 127.6
review: 5/5
game-hours: 57.2
review: it is just so awesome
game-hours: 438.8
review: By far the best War simulator out there. It's just as realistic as you make it. What steals the show is the landscape, beautiful mountains and villages make for a nice scenery to battle in. Giving it a 9/10
game-hours: 440.7
review: Arma 3 is a solid game over all still a little rough around the edges i give it 8.5 out of 10.
game-hours: 332.0
review: If your into war games this is the one. Realistic and lots of fun with friends.
game-hours: 924.5
review: Awesome game needs some work on the scripting side of thing's
game-hours: 345.9
review: +1
game-hours: 56.6
review: Best Game Ever!
game-hours: 56.8
review: This game has me feeling mixed emotions. You jump in to the singleplayer and find the game to be very tactical and have a lot, and I mean A LOT, of controls. Then you get into combat and see that it's not as forgiving as other games. The challenge does make for some entertainment though. After you may want to check out multiplayer. You'll find that there is TONS of servers. Most of them playing mods like Altis life and Wasteland. These are indeed fun. As soon as you jump in you'll see tons of problems. None of which I've seen in singleplayer. The cars will be flying, animations crap up, and horrific frame rate drops. After all of this, I had a lot of fun. I did have friends to play this though. I would recommend this game, BUT it may not be as enjoyable without friends as with them. 8/10. All criticisms aside, it's still a game that is worth your money.
game-hours: 340.0
review: A fantastic game! It's still in his alpha but it's completely fantastic. It's worth those 25 bucks you pay for it.
game-hours: 97.6
review: Arma 3 is a rather good combat simulator which I would recommend to people which have an interest in this sort of game.
game-hours: 67.7
review: YES BUY
game-hours: 157.4
review: If you are into military scenarios, this game is great for you. With the new engine and actual physics aspects, it takes a big leap forward for the Arma series. For me, it has been an amazing trip from Alpha into the upcoming release, an was not in any way a dissapointment. I can't wait for jets :D
game-hours: 692.9
review: I really enjoy this game. This game is different to other wargames. You can make your own missions, the graphics are epic and the maps are 200KM big! You can play alone or with friends. Either way you will enjoy this game. I suggest this game to anyone who is wanting good gameplay and epic battles.
game-hours: 4.3
review: oMg so realistic even the grases moves unlike cod lol buy the premium edition for your special skull camo and ac-130 killstreak (Srsly tho it is a good game get if you think your graphics card wont melt on ultra lul)
game-hours: 18.1
review: it's just so great to play, haven't been playing on my computer cause i can't play it on this one... but ive been playing it on my friends pc and it ran fine, just play and you'll see that is fun. Realistic is one of the things that is well made in this game to, man i liked it since i saw the first trailer
game-hours: 94.4
review: Impresionante simulador, el trabajo en equipo lo es TODO, si salis a lo rambo moris a los 2 metros. Miles de posiciones tacticas, trabaja con workshop lo que lo hace casi infinito en cuanto a posibilidades de misiones y mods. Terrible juego, el mejor exclusivo de PC de ao diria.
game-hours: 109.3
review: Best Military Simulator!
game-hours: 309.1
review: This is one the best combat simulators ive ever played. The sand box on here is a blast and the steam work shop is awesome for user created content. The only down fall for me is that i dont have anyone to play this with.
game-hours: 80.8
review: Ma a You Must Buy! Da hood likes it
game-hours: 271.0
review: Buy it or you are ratchet.
game-hours: 478.1
review: Best game EVER
game-hours: 3.5
review: quite possibly the best miltary simulator of all time
game-hours: 944.6
review: An amazing step up from ArmA 2 with better graphics and smoother gameplay while still retaining the core principles that make ArmA what it is. Now with the first part of the campaign released, it finally feels like the complete package with a gripping and interesting story. If you in any way enjoyed ArmA 2 then buy this because you won't be dissapointed.
game-hours: 70.0
review: Really fun, but a different kind of fun than your typical shooter. This is about planning, bringing the right gear, the right friends, the right objectives and trying to execute the plan. Even with the AI on the lowest possible setting, they're geniuses compared to any other shooter out there. Take your time, be patient and work your way through the objective. Fun under the right circumstances
game-hours: 173.3
review: You love war? you will love this ...
game-hours: 42.9
review: Awesome warfare sandbox. You can do so many missions created by the community, single player, multiplayer VS and COOP. Graphics are fantastic, controls are very well set, physics are phenomenal. This is the King of all MILSIM FPS. All i wish is that i had more hours a day to be able to play this game.
game-hours: 377.1
review: Oh yes ArmA 3, one of my favorite games on steam! I dont have almost 300 hours on it for nothing. This is a military simulation game that is set around 2025. But they did not over do it and set it in the future where theres space ships and all that. Even know it does not feel like the ArmA 2, in the way that it is not feeling like it is a true military game, with all the tactics that arma 2 had. But other than that one problem that I have. (Lack of content to) It turned out to be a very fun game that me and my friends love to play. So much to do as in multiplayer, steam workshop with so much into it, you can even get creative with it like my hunger games mission! All in all very fun!
game-hours: 97.2
review: much modz... amaze!
game-hours: 173.4
review: Really good game physics are preatty sick too major upgrade from arma 2 . Needs a few more weapons and vehicles maybe a bluefor transport APC. Need to fix the constant lag spikes when people are using custom weapons drove me insane in arma 2 and this one aswell but over all, good game.
game-hours: 97.6
review: Bang bang , pew pew
game-hours: 106.6
review: Great game, much better than Arma 2. I recommend capture island game mode.
game-hours: 383.0
review: This is one of the best games that I have ever played I hope you come and join the game it's really fun. Also the graphics and some more realism into the game from it's previous Arma 2.
game-hours: 278.0
review: This is defenently a work in proggress but with a leap in animations from Arma 2 but still requires jets, planes and more variety of cars and classes with an ability to customize your firearm
game-hours: 102.7
review: GOOOOOOOOD GAME YAAA :)):):):)
game-hours: 1274.8
review: Play the Breaking Point mod. The survival and pvp aspect of the game make it a real challenge to survive. Great fun for those looking for a realistic survival game.
game-hours: 574.7
review: So in depth, it makes COD look like pacman
game-hours: 136.6
review: A great game for military enthusiasts, those looking for a run and gun experience similar to COD or Battlefield should look elsewhere though. Its tough and unforgiving at first, but when the games mechanics click into place it becomes a tactical battle. The game is great for its multiplayer components and the modding community keep releasing some fantastic mini campaigns and scenarios. The world is huge and the selection of vehicles and weapons gives enough diversity to keep the game fresh. Theres a lot of running and moments where nothing much happens, but this gives you time to admire the impressive graphics and vistas that are on show. Would highly recommend to anyone looking for a patient, realistic and tactical experience of warefare.
game-hours: 55.5
review: awesome!
game-hours: 2299.9
review: I can look around with my head.
game-hours: 671.3
review: Very good game all the dynamic's are amazing and the graphics, WOW phenominal!! Thumbs UP!
game-hours: 189.5
review: The ultimate game for Military Co-Op, it's my hands down favorite game.
game-hours: 177.1
review: Great Tactical Shooter :) Love the graphics, love the campaign, love the user created content! :) Totaly worth the buck!
game-hours: 55.6
review: Very good simulation game.
game-hours: 811.3
review: "I still cannot believe that such an amazing and huge game is being created by a team so small." - past me in some interview. A3 is the best military game out there. Don't expect and easy win.
game-hours: 285.0
review: best mil-sim on market today
game-hours: 85.3
review: This is a amazing game. Going from playing Arma 2 and Arma 2: Operation Arrowhead is a brand new experiance. This game has amazing graphics and amazing gameplay. The only thing i miss is When Diplomacy Fails from Arma 2 where you and some ai fight against another army and you have to control different locations to win. But overall this game was worth the upgrade.
game-hours: 68.4
review: Flying a transport helicopter into an AA ridden  fest AO for ungrateful s who don't understand how hard it is to dodge missiles and land at the same time. 10/10
game-hours: 489.2
review: Drug runs, shoot-outs to find a dog captured by a BDSM gang and who could forget swiming for so many kilometers that my finger hurt because someone crashed a boat. These are some of the best insane moments I have had in ARMA. 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 17.6
review: Really good game. If you prefer a realistic, slow phased FPS game with a real feel of war this is THE GAME for you. Insanely large map and plenty of different gamemodes to choose from. There is also a nice RP server hosted by killernetworkgaming.co.uk where you can be a civilian or cop - choose to do real work or crime. The possibilities of this game and its mods are endless. Looking forward for " dayZ " mod also. My recommendations!
game-hours: 421.3
review: 10/10 would get run over by car again
game-hours: 145.5
review: I have been playing the series when it was first introduce under another name many years back as Operation Flashpoint all the way up to Arma 3. The game is a sandbox of which you can create any battlefield with any numbers of players or AI. IT has many vechicles to use from tanks to chopper to fixed wing military aircraft. The weapons in the game alsohave attachments that change the look and functions of the weapon. It is a very cooperative experence, from many team oriented aspects. You can have one team member flying a jet to provide air cover, to another team member operating artillery, to another team member giving fire support with his 50 cal rifle to a tank giving fire support far off in the distance. The game includes a editor to create your own mission and soon will have a Game master mode (FREE DLC Zeus) to dynamically change any mission while it is being played by many people. It also has a amazing and talented modding community to has been with this game series since its very early incarnations. The developer has also released all the DAta files from Arma 2 and its standalone expansion (Arrowhead and DLCs) to be used to important any of that content into A3. Bohemia Interactive has also provided the tools to use for this such as its 3d modeling software Oxygen. Possibilities The possiblities are nearly endlesss in this, any battle you can imagine can be created with the game in its locations and has far more gameplay depth than most shooter out there. It may be difficult to get used to the gameplay because it relies very heavily on planning, observing and teamwork, as characters and PC's in the game die pretty easily. Graphics 10/10 Sound 10/10 Singleplayer Story *Feel game is not worth $60 without one Multiplayer 10/10 Reviewers Tilt 5/5 10/10 NOTE*** Singleplayer story is coming episodically with each major update to A3. I feel the game at $40 USD it well worth the money, though at $50-$60 USD only worth it if you played a lot of Arma 2 / Operation Arrowhead and want a major upgrade.
game-hours: 296.1
review: The best thing about Arma 3 is the open ended content you can play on it, and you can get on a server with 10+ of your friends and play together against the computer or other people. The game has it's glitches (network blips) that can be mitigated by going to a strong server host / game type and making sure you are close to it geographically. This is because the game world is huge, and you can see multiple kilometers away enemies running around and can snipe them from a distance or rocket their vehicle. I am glad that DayZ got me interested in the Arma series as I have had a blast with them so far.
game-hours: 471.0
review: All wars should be fought on ARMA.
game-hours: 138.8
review: I shot a 120mm round at a guys knee... I never saw him again 10/10 would recommend
game-hours: 277.9
review: It could use some more content and an introduction to modding without having to go through endless forum threads, but it's a pretty solid game... probably the most fun game I've ever played. Once you get past the learning curve, it's really an amazing experience.
game-hours: 760.0
review: 10/10
game-hours: 39.8
review: Best Arma yet
game-hours: 178.7
review: Welcome to the best military simulator of all time, how??? I here you ask. Because unlike COD and BF4 you dont sponge a bullet to the face!!!!!!!
game-hours: 94.8
review: So real I got PTSD
game-hours: 19.2
review: Arma 2 - Failed college and became obese. Arma 3 - Failed my life.
game-hours: 83.2
review: Let's get something straight right away: I HATE shooters. I've always been the type of guy who likes RPGs and fantasy/sci-fi games. For me, shooters are just too, how to say this, similar for me. Sure, when you first play a shooter you feel engaged in this world where the battlefield comes to life and every action could have an equal and opposite (i.e. death) reaction: it's really fun. But, as I played more and more shooters, they all started to blend together: play the campaign that involves either terrorists in the Middle-East, Russia vs. America, or a black op gone rouge, and once you're completely bored with that, spend hours on end in the multiplayer. There wasn't that exploration, decisions (in regard to gear and strategy), or overall autonomy that many RPGs offered. Then, I found Arma II. This was one shooter that I absolutely loved, and I easily poured hours into it. The fact you could tackle any mission with any strategy (even going in with no combat appearel), find a server devoted to almost anything (i.e. DayZ, Chenarus Life), and the variety of missions all entranced me, but the main seller for me was the content creator. Never before in ANY game had I been able to create what I wanted to at a moment's notice. Found a mission in the campaign to be unsatisfactory? Just create your own better rendition of it, or even your own original idea from scratch. I had spent days in-game, and when Arma III was announced, you can bet that it was an instant seller for me. When I got it for $60, I was awed by the improved graphics, more introducable interface in the creator, and Workshop content that was amazing. For the first time in a while, I felt as the battlefield had come alive, and every choice I made had dire consequences. It was like I had played a shooter for the first time, which is a magical feeling. Sure, the campaign may be run-of-the-mill, but you can always make your own mission or even campaign. I do have complaints about some of the physics and glitches, but (1. It does its job, and (2. The game has to load a minumun of 17+ spuare kilometres. In comparison, Grand Theft Auto V had a world size of about 32 miles at most. Arma III's biggest map is 270 km for Pete's sake! I'd be suprised if the game only had twenty known glitches. All in all, Arma III is worth more than what you pay for it, and is definitely head-and-shoulders above Call of Duty and Battlefield. I saw a picture on the internet that sums up my feelings: "Command a soldier (image of COD), Command a squad (image of BFF), or command an army or squad or soldier (image of Arma III)". Too whoever posted that picture: I deeply concur with you!
game-hours: 205.4
review: This game is breath-taking, whether you like fast-paced gunfights, long-range sniper duels, monster-trucking it with M1A2 Slammer tanks, playing Ace Combat with incredibly fluid movement, raiding a small outpost of hostile forces with a attack helicopter, playing a role in week long, server-wide wars, doing night raids on an enemy research facility, setting up a UAV to perform reconnissance on enemy camps, packing your scuba gear and checking out the lost treasures of Altis and Stratis, or just hopping in a plane and enjoying the wide, vast, beauty of this game! ArmA 3 really dominates the "realistic, military, video game/simulator" genre. Combine some wicked creativity with ArmA 3's mission editor mode and you can create your own missions and scenarios. In the past people have used this to make their own additions to the game, such as new weapons, vehicles, clothing, and even entire maps! ArmA 3's customization is endless and will keep you constantly changing guns, attachments for them, and other equipment to match the situation your in. If you feel like playing solo, ArmA 3 has totally revamped its Campaign mode to keep the player's attention and actually immerse you in the ArmA universe, or forget the single-player all together and go play good cop-bad cop on Altis Life, a user created gamemode, or blowing up tanks and getting in random firefights with other players in Wasteland, also a user-created gamemode. If none of this satisfies you, then you can always just build your own mission, so that you and your own private team can go and enjoy a experience that I guarntee you is as close as you'll get to war before enlisting!
game-hours: 168.6
review: This Game is Nothing But Amazing.... I Don't Have A Bad Word To Say About This Game... This Game is Even Better When Being Used To Play DayZ.... A Must Have For Any ArmA Fan
game-hours: 428.7
review: I recommend this game to all army fans out there, But 1 thing you have to keep in mind, VERY BIG GAME, You need a very good computer to run it. I warned you... Final rate on game= 9/10 (Needs more FPS) Community for this game is just FAN--TAS--TIC... Everyone is helpful and game Is heaven for TEAMWORK gameplay, Il be honest, I get the chills when I play it.. -- "Gives you Goose Bumps" -- -TyTomGaminG
game-hours: 1118.8
review: Arma 3 is probably one of the best games I've ever played. The graphics are amazing and the campaign is awesome. As for the multiplayer, it depends if you're good or not, but I still like it.
game-hours: 240.4
review: Is good game pls get
game-hours: 26.0
review: Great game, by far the most realistic looking army game out there !!
game-hours: 347.8
review: This game is amazing, and the mods make it so much better. If you are a fan of simulators (not like COD), please get this game now!
game-hours: 199.9
review: This is one of those games that is VERY HARD. (thats what she said). But anywho this game is worth it. No only is it every going to cease to be fun, but it has infinte replayabliaty. Only 1 con is that the weapon sway is hard to get use to. 9/10
game-hours: 35.0
review: this is really great game the graphics are sexy playing with your friends is mad banter yep what more do you want?
game-hours: 2641.4
review: I bought the game for Altis Life and I have never looked back.
game-hours: 67.1
review: Very fun if you like RPG and Hunger games. ( Atlis Life RPG, Battle Royale hungergames)
game-hours: 17.3
review: Pretty good game
game-hours: 285.2
review: Do NOT expect to find a completed Military Simulator upon downloading the game. Do a little research, get the mods from the modding community, and then play. This game will not have many of the most requested features, it's always been up to the fans to mod the game to perfection, don't expect that to change here. WIth the right mods, this game can take hours out of your life. Without the mods, this game will fall short of your expectations. DO NOT get this game if you don't like having your game modded. If the mods aren't out there yet, give it some time. Arma II fans, welcome to the next installment, its about to get intense.
game-hours: 387.8
review: Epic game with awesome graphics. Best Arma multiplayer yet.
game-hours: 1373.8
review: Arma 3 is a game that is at its best with friends and well made community missions. -The single player campaign can be difficult for impatient players or someone who is generally "bad", but a "good" player will be able to get through it. -The ingame editor is what gives Arma games the ability to endure, and allows new missions to be made or for weapon testing. However some scripting knowledge (even if its basic) is needed for more dynamic missions. But for some people, 70% of their time may be here. -Multiplayer can be tricky if you can't find any descent servers to play on or don't know a single friend that is willing to play Arma often. -The graphics when set to low-standard quality will not look half as good as any other mainstream FPS, but a computer with a descent graphics card and good cpu will have no problem (unless you take the settings to the extreme). -The Upcoming DLCs and Expansion are hopefully going to add a nice amout of ingame content. -The modding community itself acts as a hub of occasionally quality addons. -Current problems that do still exist in Arma 3 however, area the AI; environmental damage physics; and a lack of diversity in each factions arsenal. -Some pluses for the game are (as mentioned): the communities divotion to the series, the only other game I've personally seen with such a dedicated modding base recently is Skyrim. Another one of the points towards Arma 3 is the maps, not only are they massive in comparision to stock military games, but they also have similar amounts of detail where the developers saw fit. Finally, despite the occasional AI issues, the game really does give players a different experience everytime (once my friend and I fought valiantly against overwhelming odds and lost, we played again and won, again we got wiped immediatly, and again we saw the AI flip their IFV over which was funny (all on the same mission "Combined Arms")). *Old (Currently, Arma 3 is a 7/10 but depending on Bohemia's roadmap, Arma 'could' end with a 9/10.) *New; After Bootcamp and with the Helicopters DLC about to be released (not to mention the Make Arma Not War entries) so far the game is moving along and becoming better as was intended and my score for it has risen from 7/10 to a 8/10.
game-hours: 42.2
review: You Couldn't even run this with the matrix.
game-hours: 328.1
review: Great game for friends to play together with.
game-hours: 56.5
review: Altis Life- Stole a helicopter, Took a man hostage, Landed, Got chased by the police, Got captured, Got charged with Grand theft auto, Evading police and rekless flying and got put in prison for 10 minutes... 10/10 Would take hostage again...
game-hours: 1.1
review: Give me free demo
game-hours: 109.8
review: This game has an better gamplay then arma 2 and its better, beautifull and big!
game-hours: 163.1
review: if you like awesome army stuff then multiply by 100 = Arma3
game-hours: 49.6
review: ARMA 3: Arma the almighty miletary sim, Which may catch your eye with the immersive feel and the futuristic feel which i will get to later. I feel that this is a good arma but not on the same par as arma 2 which can i tell you can be either a bag of piss or alot of fun to play with bugs and  ai to some of the most action packed immersive combat you will experience to date. Arma 3 delivers what it sets out to do an invasion of a made up map and you need to help secure it (sorry if you would class that as a spoiler). There are few if any bugs and beautifull graphics great multiplayer improvement from arma 2 but as a fan of the series i am a bit dissapointed in bohemia with their choice of a futeristic feel which i dont personally like compared to modern combat. If you are a laid back gamer you will still enjoy this title due to the community, multiplayer, beauty, editor. The editor is my favourite part of the game as it lets you be creative and put what you would want in a campaign mission into your own. Overall i would reccomend this game but if you are looking for an army sim go for arma 2 by far.
game-hours: 279.6
review: If you like DayZ kinda action, and you are willing to RPG. Altis life Mod for Arma 3 is verry Cool, look up a good community and get your life going. Get a job: Pick Apples, peaches, Mine for Iron, copper, Salt and even Diamonds. Become a criminal, and pick, process weed, cocain or heroin. Become a Cop, arrest ppl. Search vehicles, and hunt people that have a price on their head. You can even become a rebel. Before you get a life on a server, read the rules of a server, the rules may vary on each server, if you want to become a cop, most of the time they want you white-listed. The server i play on the most: Serverfilter: Trinity Join me.
game-hours: 99.9
review: Very good and realistic game it also gives you a lot of freedom , the whole islands of Altis and Stratis are yours to explore ... if you are an arma fan you will not be dissapointed by arma 3 , and if you are new to series ,well it makes a great introduction of arma franchise to you ! 5/5
game-hours: 278.4
review: Best military simulation game ever made, since Ghost Recon
game-hours: 361.2
review: Brilliant best war simulator ever!
game-hours: 27.8
review: Worth every dime
game-hours: 922.4
review: It's ing amazing! Really fun to play, but has a bit of a learning curve. Can be hard tp play at time for people new to the Arma series. This game is a must buy for anyone who likes FPS games.
game-hours: 281.0
review: absolutely the best Arma by far i just cant seem to stop playing it.
game-hours: 807.8
review: buy this game now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 65.6
review: This game is 10/10, I love it. Definatly a big step from ArmA II
game-hours: 28.0
review: good game and game play
game-hours: 395.8
review: Amazing Game, then I found Breaking Point and was blown away even more... worth the buy!
game-hours: 36.8
review: Negative reviews fueled by angsty console junkies pissed off that they can't hipshoot and bunny hop everywhere. If you really like unreal tournament style shooters, go play something else. If you think battlefield or call of duty is too hard core, this game will hand you your  and send you back to the forums crying. There's a reason some military groups use it as a training simulator. It's not for punk kids.
game-hours: 207.7
review: es muy good way
game-hours: 63.6
review: Like someone said before me, it's an hate it or love it game! Just can say you this, it's inmpossible not to love it! :)
game-hours: 26.4
review: Absolutely astonishing gameplay, backed up by a great community. I also highly recommend Breaking Point (So you can play it with me.)
game-hours: 122.8
review: It's like Skyrim with a bigger map
game-hours: 140.5
review: Other than the few glitches and bugs, this game is about the best simulator I have ever played. ITS YOUR CALL! YOU CAN PLAY IT SERIOUS such as RPG servers or even for fun such as Stratis-Altis- Life. The mods available are very fun and diverse! Top NOTCH!
game-hours: 910.5
review: This game is so amazing, thats all i have to say.
game-hours: 20.1
review: get this
game-hours: 1.0
review: this is a hardcore militry simulator you could roleplay from marines to navy seals and has an amazing editor and unlike arma 2 it has under water experince and submarines and way better graphics now i dont play many simulators but this is one of my favorits
game-hours: 511.1
review: This is like a drug. Murder simulation, the sound is probably the best thing about this game. The first time you fire a simple 6.5mm round you realize this game is on a completely different level from anything else. Some games can be more fun, but none are more real. Sometimes you'll have memories of killing people on certain maps and you'll wake up in the morning and remember it, that place you went to and that person you killed. Genuinely a feeling of disconnection will grow when you play other games because you don't feel like they properly exteriorize a sense of realism compared to ARMA 3. The sunlight is like video game wizardry i'll never understand. Closing this review i'll say you should have confidence in yourself, play the multiplayer from the start, switch your rate of fire, run and kill kill kill.
game-hours: 188.5
review: because its amazingly awesome
game-hours: 505.9
review: You need to love this game to play this game
game-hours: 231.6
review: My initial review said that ArmA 3 would be a great game by late 2014 when more mods and content were released. I am glad to say that this became true several months before I expected. Between the incredible Zeus game mode (an on-the-fly mission creator) and excellent mods like Advanced Gameplay Mod, Task Force Radio and ALiVE this is one of the best co-op games available. You will need at least 4-5 people to really have fun in multiplayer, but there's really no other game that offers what ArmA does.
game-hours: 511.8
review: This game is a perfect choice for those who love themselves military simulators. While this game does have it's downfalls, AKA it's glitches, they however, are not game breaking. Slow paced gameplay but not so slow as to get boring. I recommend that if you can find a clan, group, or server that is great and lots of fun, stick with it.
game-hours: 117.8
review: mie favrit aminal iz carut... mie favrit gaim iz dis
game-hours: 21.9
review: This game is very intertaining. You can have lots of fun by playing the campaign or online. I find the best thing to playis the mod breaking point. This is a dayz like game that has a lot less problems. You can pick a faction each time you die and respawn.
game-hours: 52.2
review: great game
game-hours: 50.2
review: amazing game good for pc gamers , fun and liitle bugs here and then but overall good game .
game-hours: 375.5
review: Great game. Awesome alternative to Battlefield 3, if you're looking for a slower paced more tactical game experience. Amazing visuals tempt me to lose track, and just fly around the map, to just explore. The main map of altis has over 200km of shoreline, with over 270 Square KM of map space. (arma 2, Chernarus was 225Km2) With the new Lighting and physics added to the Engine, Night conflicts are no longer a pain, but Great to play. Ragdoll Physics in the game are tastefully done, in my opinion. I recomend this game, the addition of the ease of modding, makes this game perfect to tailor to your perfect prefrences.
game-hours: 247.4
review: Very hardcore game for anybody who likes Mil Sims as much as I do, although, if you are nto used to the ARMA series I do not reccomend it to you, there are so many controls to remeber but you can still learn them! Def a 10/10 game
game-hours: 461.5
review: This game is great if you want an advanced tactical shooter that is virtualy infinite.
game-hours: 15.6
review: When Operation Flashpoint came out in 2002, I was pleasantly surprized that the Bohemia Interactive Studio creators of the game managed to finally make a military simulation that surpassed all other competitors. I still play it, but its successors, ARMA, ARMA2, and now ARMA 3 take this sim to new heights. As a US Army combat Veteran, I can state from my military experience that ARMA 3 tops the list of all FPS sims to date. ARMA 3 involves teamwork, self-discipline, and developing strategy to defeat the enemy. This sim is not for "run and gun" players.
game-hours: 621.0
review: Good Sim where all mistakes are punished by death.
game-hours: 841.3
review: 1st game best grahpichs and features and mods and communicate
game-hours: 167.8
review: ArmA is military simulation with military venicles,helicopters,... and weapons.ArmA III is good simulation,but body armor is garbage.In ArmA II you kill everything (without tanks,choppers,...) with one bullet.In ArmA III you kill a soldier with cca 2-5 bullets to torso,to helmed is cca 2-3 bullets and to face is cca 1-2 if you if you aim well.But in ArmA III is the greatest island of the ArmA series.Altis A.K.A Lemnos is large with much cities and villages.Stratis (i dont know how this island was called in real live) is the second island with cca 2-3 towns and 1 city called Agia Maria i think.I play this game with some addons and i can recommend addon called Speed Of Sounds.This addon adds to the game a real sounds of weapons recorded from the firing range.ArmA III includes mission editor where can you create your own mission or campaign and awesome multiplayer.The venicles is good,but in most cases the venicle is remake of the for example NATO AR-2 Darter (quadrotor) is remake for the all fractions (NATO,CSAT,AAF) without FIA.In year cca 2035 is a invasion of Hecler and Koch machineguns and grenade launchers.The joke is in the infantry weapons.I dont see any infantry weapons from Hecler and Koch without addons.Lets go to final verdict...This game is fun but the body armor must die.Venicles and technic is good,but its a remake in most cases.BiS dont exploited the potential of year 2035 and nearly vehicle according to the real originals without some features.Mission editor is good and multiplayer is awesome.You can create a mission and you can play it with friends.I give this game 8/10 or 85/100% who want this score.I hope that my review will be helpful when you buy this if you buy this :)
game-hours: 9.5
review: A good soldier is fast, accurate and effective in dealing with his weapons - all weapons in Arma 3 have realistic ballistics and handling. Adjust your weapon to compensate for the bullet drop, go into a squat or on the floor to reduce the recoil, and fire at short intervals in order to reduce scattering of ammunition. If you do not observe these points, your opponent has easier time to gain the upper hand. With 270 km , the island Altis is the real star in Arma 3 From large-scale cities over rolling hills to wind and solar farms - regardless of whether the layers flattened rolls with your tank in the south or cause an asymmetric war of the hills in the north, the landscape of Altis offers extremely detailed locations with numerous combat options. One of the best military simulators at the time, along with the stunning new engine, and the variety of mods a good game. 79/100
game-hours: 417.1
review: Ground zero for the big boys here... Where to start with Arma 3 coming from the first installment of the franchise back in the late 90s Operation Flashpoint I remember playing through the demo over and over again with it being different every time i was blown away by the size and scope of the war simulator and coulnt wait to get my hands on it. Playing Arma, Arma 2 and all DLC that followed and now to Arma 3 in 2013. If you are a fan of simulators and anything that has to do with war Arma 3 is for you. Arma 3 is your playground to create any scenario you could dream of playing out any scene from a war movie you like you can do that in Arma 3 and then some. Arma 3 is a sandbox experience on a scale nothing else has come close too I really appreciate the introduction to underwater operations with diving etc. I have put in 73 hours into the Alpha build playing coop missions with my crew and have had amazing runs from infiltrating a enemy camp to assassinate a officer with out being detected to running intense CQB ops with your buddy's or doing helo runs on an enemy convoy Arma 3 is a one stop shop for all your war sim needs.
game-hours: 652.6
review: ArmA ArmA ArmA ArmA ArmA ArmA ArmA ArmA ArmA ArmA ArmA ArmA ArmA ArmA
game-hours: 47.2
review: cocaine money
game-hours: 126.8
review: you can make meth and grow some gread beard action aswell as loose your hair and become the heisenberg you always wanted. Also TARTAN FEDORAS 10/10 TAKE MY DOGECOIN  THE MOON
game-hours: 901.8
review: This game is great, however you should get it with friends or join a clan right away.
game-hours: 69.3
review: It's a pretty good driving simulator if that's what your looking for. On top of the endless bugs, explosions, and hikes, you'll find tons of different gamemodes and mods. The modding community really holds this together and without them this would probably be a piece of trash. After the first ten minutes, using the three guns supplied in the vanilla version of this game will get boring. This game is unfinished and shouldn't be bought. I give it a 10/10
game-hours: 1122.1
review: I highly recommend this game for anyone looking for something more than the average FPS (CoD, BF, etc.) and a greater community!
game-hours: 226.7
review: b e a utiful
game-hours: 68.3
review: Realistic as .. get this game.. its a really good game, it has jets, helicopters, submarines, tanks and stuff.. its really good fun :D
game-hours: 2087.9
review: nice game...
game-hours: 55.0
review: THIS GAME IS AWESOME! KEEP IT UP!
game-hours: 463.7
review: Pew pew pew
game-hours: 489.3
review: I love this game so much. Amazing graphics and the lighting is fantastic. The physics are still crappy just like ARMA 2 and ARMA 2 OA's but whatever, I love them.
game-hours: 111.9
review: arma3 is a good war game simulator i have been playing this alot and i recommend to buy it if you like war game simulators.
game-hours: 1284.4
review: Extreme fun for those who love Anything Military and like playing tactically. I also highly reccommend it for the campaign which is very fun and gripping. 9/10
game-hours: 49.8
review: just great! )
game-hours: 384.7
review: **THIS GAME IS ONLY FOR PEOPLE WITH SWAG**
game-hours: 15.7
review: Running around aimlessly through miles of durka-durka land squinting your eyes for multiple hours trying to find something that moves. Once you do, you find out that you need to reload your gun and you get shot a million and a half times. I like this game. It is Fun.
game-hours: 141.9
review: I recommend this game to anyone who likes a more realistic type of shooter. This game also has a big modding community so there are tons of different ways to play the game. Controls are most fluid then Arma 2 and it feels more natural and less mechanical. It does still have a slight mechanical feel but that just goes with the genre. Every act requires you to take a second to complete that task just like RL. I didn't log many hours when i first got it but iv recently found servers that run the SC (Sector control) game mode and its fantastic. You gain levels by being in the target sector and money to buy new gear. Il keep this brief but its a great game and keeps getting better with every update.
game-hours: 672.2
review: Altis Life is dead dont even buy this game.
game-hours: 34.3
review: This game is definately not your standard cod run and gun type of game. You are forced to use tactics and the enviroment around you to gain the advantage and with all the multiplayer content as well as custom missions/mods you will never get bored.
game-hours: 230.4
review: This game is great, especially with friends, Breaking Point also adds so much to this already amazing game! :D
game-hours: 276.1
review: Wanna play a war simulator? Arma 3 is the best! Play with friends and have fun!
game-hours: 66.9
review: Very fun game! It takes some getting used to and you need to know strategy in order to prevail. It doesn't take long to learn the game either. This game is quite realistic with its weaponry, vehicles, and physics. A workshop in this game means more ways you can experience it allowing you to play player-made missions, player-made game modes, player-made whatever really. You can also install mods from a website called Armaholics which adds a higher score in my rating to the game.
game-hours: 87.2
review: i love arma 3 buy it buy it buy it
game-hours: 370.4
review: the pinnacle of contemporary and future wargaming
game-hours: 536.7
review: Hmm.. What can i say about ArmA 3? I mean.. i can't describe it because of its awesome epicness. Just buy it and u will never play another game ;)
game-hours: 700.0
review: The sheer scale of the maps. The roles its crazy though Villanlia is alright. Get a few mods installed and you can have alloooot of fun with it. This is the only Milsim game ik that does a milsim better, though their are alot buggs i heard at least i persoanly have only ran into cliping issues. But its pretty good at the end of the day.
game-hours: 343.0
review: The game as a whole looks really good though even me with a good pc struggles to run it on high settings... getting 20> fps on high.
game-hours: 454.0
review: Very fun game, I get some fps lag in cities, but overall, its too fun to set down.
game-hours: 762.5
review: Good Game, Hours of fun and hilarious times in multiplayer
game-hours: 946.3
review: What are you waiting for? Buy it!
game-hours: 51.0
review: Great Game.So realistic!
game-hours: 1805.8
review: Favorite game of all time. I am a huge fan of Bohemia's new work-of-art. I myself, love the futuristic setting they're going for. And Altis is a jewel. 9.5/10.
game-hours: 351.7
review: One of my favorite games of all time you can build bases play campaign multiplayer all that good stuff i recommend!
game-hours: 152.2
review: love altis life awesome for FPS ppl and RP ppl your in for it too
game-hours: 117.6
review: Another great game in the arma seris, keep it up Bohemia because I'm not tired of this yet! 9/10
game-hours: 27.9
review: Great military simulator and an amazing followup to Arma 2 8/10
game-hours: 404.6
review: this is very amazing game! , you guys should buy it !!!
game-hours: 27.2
review: why not
game-hours: 125.3
review: Very amazing game best military sim and most realistic ive ever played
game-hours: 30.5
review: GREAT GAME
game-hours: 10.9
review: The Game Is Apsolutly Awesome Grapich,World.Its Bugged In 30 min gameplay Once.Second Best Arma Game
game-hours: 16.3
review: Arma 3 is not quite a first person shooter, it really is more of a "war simulator" overall. It is highly detailed and looks great visually but there can be a bit of a learning curve. The games strong point, in my opinion is the way it tries to do multiplayer, where you make missions and what not. I find this single feature what makes Arma stand out the best. More shooters should have the level of control Arma 3 gives players. There were a few "cons" to all of its "pros" though, so I will list my biggest as follows. 1. Multiplayer Servers (if not set up properly and efficiently) can make the game squat down and take a huge dump on your FPS (frames per second) 2. I feel the multiplayer user interface could use some work. making the game more accessible to new players. 3. Better single player. Arma may be best for its multiplayer but I think overall more work could be done making the single player experience more enjoyable. All in all I think Arma 3 does the "shooter/ war simulation" best, it may not be as popular as games like COD or Battlefield but thats not a bad thing. Imagine if it was that popular, then we would be dealing with those "guys"...
game-hours: 131.9
review: Amazing game, mus buy if into military simulations or the arma series!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 33.2
review: Probably the most in-depth shooter game so far...
game-hours: 925.0
review: Best LIKE REAL gameplay! When you hear bullets pass over---- puts you in a place where you never think you be in.
game-hours: 76.0
review: I would buy it for sure a 2nd. time. It's simply amazing. Specially if you're playing it with friends. If you're a lone wolf you might not really enjoy this game at all.
game-hours: 435.1
review: armaazingly good
game-hours: 31.9
review: Really fun and realistic game, I just wish setting up servers that work were a little easier...
game-hours: 4.8
review: yes
game-hours: 251.6
review: - Abscence de liberts pour la constitution d'une Arme;( bibliothque d'armes et materiels ,blinds, camions, troupes etc.). Obligation de suivre un scnario sans pouvoir voluer librement comme dans ARMA 2. (*) - Pas de matos des annes 1990-2015. Dommage... ( chars LEOPARD, LECLERC, VAB, FUCH, VBL, FENNEC, MARDER, PUMA, AMX 10P et AMX 10RC, CENTAURO, FRECCIA, plus camions et jeeps de type MAN, MERCEDES, IVECO, RENAULT/SCANIA, Les Avions Raffales, Tonados IDS/ADV, Mirages F1 CR ou 2000-5 ou D, Typhon, F 16, F 18 ainsi que les hlicos actuels serais les bienvenus...(**) - l'OTAN se rsume aux Amricains, pas de troupes Franaises, Allemandes, Italinnes, Belges etc. - Trop d'attente entre les tlchargements et suites du jeux. - Graphisme trs bon, jouabilit correcte si ordinateur bien "boost". - Jeux trs intrssent. Note: 7,5/10. ENCORE un EFFORT les Gars... (*) (**) vous te sur la bonne voie...
game-hours: 77.1
review: cool
game-hours: 1.2
review: bnm fvgjfxghfdtj dfgdgd gd gdfgdg
game-hours: 5.5
review: It has fish AI.
game-hours: 46.5
review: Can't get the hang of the real game, but Altis Life is definetly awesome.
game-hours: 37.3
review: I like!
game-hours: 58.8
review: Amazing game. Truely unique and majorly realistic. 10 leagues above Battlefield and about 500million leagues above any call of duty game. If a challenge is what you're looking for then the campaign on this game is such a challenge. Even leading your own squad can be a challenege. Almost everything is driveable. Good array of weaponary. And if you play online, it only gets better with Altis life and Breakingpoint. Even Milsim. I recommend you buy this game and support the developers who actually make great games unlike the developers at Activision and Infinity Ward who churn the same garbage out each year.
game-hours: 3.0
review: yea boyyyyyyyyyyy
game-hours: 955.8
review: This game is a branch in a dynasty of games, that have been plagued by bugs, glitches and errors alike. Some are really funny, some are plain frustrating. All together, the game can let itself be hated, yet, the player will likely clock many, many hours none the less. Why? Because in what other game, you get to play in a variety of gigantic maps, to play epic missions, made by good mates? In what game, will you play in tense, long-duration military environments with complete strangers? This game will let you experience open-world combat simulation at its finest. Along with bugs. And glitches. And desyncs. But considering the overall awesomeness of the game, those eventually become quite funny, or at least acceptable. Reccomended for: The patient, mature teamplayer The military addict Not reccomended for: The immediate-satisfaction gamer
game-hours: 47.7
review: ye
game-hours: 252.4
review: Arma 3 is by far the most realistic, most entertaining, and most intence war simulator of all time! If the technology is availible this game should come out for next gen. consoles. Not only is this an amazing sandbox but it also blows every other war game out of the water! Keep up the good work Bohemia Interactive, and step aside Battlefield and COD because a new age has started. The age of a real war.
game-hours: 463.2
review: Meh, 10/10.
game-hours: 1.6
review: hzhzhzhzhzhzhzhzhzhzhzhzhzh
game-hours: 499.3
review: ArmA II with physics. Finally.
game-hours: 1.3
review: Seems great, but not worth it at full price, too buggy for that. Wait for a smokin' deal
game-hours: 230.8
review: Amazing game
game-hours: 6.9
review: It's awesome but it is best to play with friends.
game-hours: 353.1
review: It's awesome Video game and i recomend this Game for all but try to buy it in Sale cuz it's expensive =) .
game-hours: 606.6
review: I really love this game. There is some glitches though not that much and is very fun to play with friends or teamamates. There are things like role-playing servers where you have to act just like you act in life and another is wasteland which is just trying tu survive. You need to find your stuff and survive, I really like this game and I could play it for days striaght without stopping because it's just so fun. Add me as a friend and we could play Arma 3 sometime , I am always on :)
game-hours: 965.8
review: in brillant!! there,now go buy it ers!!!
game-hours: 123.5
review: Great game, Great Graphics, Great gameplay, great combat and great to play with friends(that i don't have)
game-hours: 696.8
review: so many hours, melting my brain into this game!!!
game-hours: 1.7
review: battle royal is the best
game-hours: 76.1
review: Great Game! If you played Arma 2, then you have to play Arma 3. Even if you haven't, play it for the explosions. I would seriously recommend you add this to your library.
game-hours: 56.5
review: The controls are doo doo, but with friends this game can be pretty fun.
game-hours: 831.0
review: Good game to play, single or multiplayer. plenty to do in it.
game-hours: 73.2
review: THIS IS ING AWSOMEEEE!!!!
game-hours: 86.4
review: THIS GAME IS ABLE 10/10
game-hours: 40.1
review: Fun and realistic combat simulator. Strong lurning curve but when you start to learn it, you can have alot of fun. I strongly recommend to people who like realistic games.
game-hours: 879.3
review: This game. this game is ballayoloswag420
game-hours: 21.5
review: Shot ten people with an LMG without any pants or shirt on 10/10
game-hours: 162.8
review: Severely underated game. Even with it's growing popularity, it's still overlooked by many many people. Trying to get my friends to play it is a chore, probably because they're too pansy to make any effort to get through the learning curve.
game-hours: 117.7
review: Best War Sim Out There As Of Forever Ago And Forever On!!
game-hours: 761.9
review: One of the best FPS games I have ever played!
game-hours: 38.6
review: While it may have its fair share of bugs it's still a great game. 10/10 would stick in pants.
game-hours: 33.3
review: recommended, awnsome game!!!
game-hours: 5.5
review: It is highly realistic. If you are expect a Call of Duty or Battle Field experience, You won't like it. This game is one like no other with realsitic guns and graphics
game-hours: 800.5
review: Best MilSim out there yet. Truly recommend it! Great game for those interested in teamwork play and so on :D
game-hours: 136.1
review: If you don't have this you're a f****** c***!
game-hours: 333.9
review: If you like milsim games then this is the game for you.
game-hours: 991.0
review: A virtual battlefield and simulation experience like no other since 2001 (Op. Flashpoint). And series, as Arma, continues to evolve with this great, yet not perfect, title. Enough said.
game-hours: 529.4
review: It is just awesome
game-hours: 29.0
review: This game is armazing! While its prety hungry I can roll it on lowest settings and it still looks alive and wonderful. Machanics work great. Altis life is really fun. It is obvious that they've leveled up from AmrA II. II was sort of phasy, while ArmA III still have that problem it isn't an issue anymore. The fun part of AmrA has always been the fact that YOU MUST BE TACTICAL! Treating a delicate game like ArmA like CoD will result in failure, frustration, getting trolled by ten year olds and all in all your little brother will film you freaking out over it and put it on youtube. Amazing game. So worth the money. Buy it.
game-hours: 191.7
review: An amazing military sim with so many possibilities it is up to you to decide how to play, wether it be to mess around with the editor, the so far wonderful campaign or different team based games in multiplayer. It's a definate recomendation
game-hours: 1558.5
review: Ok, this is the sickest game out... Fully modable, get a bad  group of guys to rock this out and work at a team, unit, Semper FI 2nd Marine Div - SSgt. Schille
game-hours: 290.4
review: Must have for any ARMA fan
game-hours: 357.4
review: <3
game-hours: 79.2
review: Best MilSim ever! Getting better and better!
game-hours: 230.0
review: oh lawd its waar!
game-hours: 551.7
review: good game iwth weapon resting mod. i got aids and lived to tel l this tale,
game-hours: 148.5
review: WAR IS HELL. This game is so real its scary. 12/10 #swag
game-hours: 52.7
review: Arma is how my hubby convinced me to join the PC gaming community. Couldn't say enough good about it! Can't wait to see how it evolves over the next few years. :)
game-hours: 342.4
review: Definitiv mein Lieblingsspiel fr das Jahr 2013
game-hours: 2277.4
review: da best
game-hours: 1077.8
review: Basicly the best game ever made.
game-hours: 9.3
review: Great war simulation game ! I recommend it to all people who loves real action combat, but you might need a decent config for it.
game-hours: 330.2
review: This Game is the Best military simulation games, and the best multiplayer gameplay i have played so far. HIGHLY RECOMENDED
game-hours: 108.2
review: Love all the mods, it's incredible how many scenarios you can be involved in.
game-hours: 164.8
review: I am yet to find a more realistic shooter on the market, this game offers tremendous entertainment. Conduct multiplayer operations online or with friends, or play special operations missions in the singleplayer mode with massive upgrades from the previous installment of the series. I don't recomend the game, buy it. Now.
game-hours: 570.2
review: This game is a must have if you like MilSim. It is very realistic, and has a great community. Wasteland is for those who enjoy killing everyone in sight even if they are wearing the same camo. Deathmatch is meh. CoOp Missions are some of the best game modes. If you are new to the series, check this out, The controls are a little strange at first, but you will grow to love them.
game-hours: 1445.5
review: This game is a lot smoother and has much better gameplay than people give it credit for. Animations and stances as well as squadplay in this game are efficent and smooth. The campaign is an epic story about your average foot soldier changing the way a war is playing out just by doing his part and staying alive. I have played an extensive amount of multiplayer and campaign and I have to say that it is an experience most can enjoy if they pay attention. While I literally can't say anything about the unfolding storyline without spoiling an entire episode of its three, I will warn you and clarify that if you like explanations to everything this game is not for you. You will be a Sergeant a low ranking soldier with mind, experiences, and skills are his most effective tools. This means he doesn't get the classified info of let's say a Colonel, or a Brigadier General, or the President. Absorb information and make your own conclusions because that Spec. Ops. Captain over there sure as hell won't. This game won't make any shortcuts for you to recap its story so you better keep your head up the whole way through. The military strategies and plans carried out are phenominal and deserve a much bigger spotlight other than its famed multiplayer. Considering I got a solid 30+ hours playing through the campaign alone I call that a BIG win, let alone held up against today's standards. Hopefully you get a good picture of this game's features and don't worry the campaign will help explain them as well. Happy hunting and don't forget. Survive. Adapt. Win.
game-hours: 235.1
review: Awesome game! I love it. Looking forward to the expansions and mods being released for this!
game-hours: 422.3
review: Best game in history
game-hours: 68.4
review: With mod tools, lean, serious communities supported by dedicated servers, Arma 3 will satisfy veteran PC gamers used to all the amenities that so many franchises dropped, because the game stays true to its roots yet innovates in such a way that expands the possibilities, but does not limits them.
game-hours: 16.1
review: I really recommend this game because of its nice graphics, great Singleplayer/Multiplayer. I bought the Arma 3 Limited Deluxe Edition for $55,47. It contains Arma 3, a map of Altis and Stratis, an awesome keycard, ARMA: Cold War Assault, a keyboard layout, a digital soundtrack, a digital tactical guide, digital maps and all DLCs. For its price it is just a bargain. Buy it and you won't regret! :)
game-hours: 23.9
review: Besser als der Vorgnger, schon in der Alpha gefllt mir die allgemeine Spielmechanik. Die Grafik ist schn anzusehen und die bugs sind bei der Alpha nunmal nicht anders zu erwarten. Trotzdem besser als Battlefield 3 und der andere Shooter Mll. I can already say that I like the Alpha from Arma 3 more then Arma 2 with better game mechanics and beautiful Graphics. The bugs aren't unusal for an Alpha version. But I still prefer Arma 3, rather than the rest of the "shooter-crap" like Battlefield 3.
game-hours: 746.2
review: Good game and lots of mods so you never get bored Breaking Point, Waste Land, Altis Life just to name a few!!!!
game-hours: 49.6
review: ARMA 3: Arma the almighty miletary sim, Which may catch your eye with the immersive feel and the futuristic feel which i will get to later. I feel that this is a good arma but not on the same par as arma 2 which can i tell you can be either a bag of piss or alot of fun to play with bugs and  ai to some of the most action packed immersive combat you will experience to date. Arma 3 delivers what it sets out to do an invasion of a made up map and you need to help secure it (sorry if you would class that as a spoiler). There are few if any bugs and beautifull graphics great multiplayer improvement from arma 2 but as a fan of the series i am a bit dissapointed in bohemia with their choice of a futeristic feel which i dont personally like compared to modern combat. If you are a laid back gamer you will still enjoy this title due to the community, multiplayer, beauty, editor. The editor is my favourite part of the game as it lets you be creative and put what you would want in a campaign mission into your own. Overall i would reccomend this game but if you are looking for an army sim go for arma 2 by far.
game-hours: 279.6
review: If you like DayZ kinda action, and you are willing to RPG. Altis life Mod for Arma 3 is verry Cool, look up a good community and get your life going. Get a job: Pick Apples, peaches, Mine for Iron, copper, Salt and even Diamonds. Become a criminal, and pick, process weed, cocain or heroin. Become a Cop, arrest ppl. Search vehicles, and hunt people that have a price on their head. You can even become a rebel. Before you get a life on a server, read the rules of a server, the rules may vary on each server, if you want to become a cop, most of the time they want you white-listed. The server i play on the most: Serverfilter: Trinity Join me.
game-hours: 99.9
review: Very good and realistic game it also gives you a lot of freedom , the whole islands of Altis and Stratis are yours to explore ... if you are an arma fan you will not be dissapointed by arma 3 , and if you are new to series ,well it makes a great introduction of arma franchise to you ! 5/5
game-hours: 278.4
review: Best military simulation game ever made, since Ghost Recon
game-hours: 125.3
review: This is a great strategical military sandbox game its such a cool but  dont like the mod types like survive so we also need a zombie sandbox gamemod like DAYZ EPOCH,we dont even have a mod like that that game is great for the altis life players so the only great thing of this game is altis life its the best RP mod  have ever seen so PPLLZZZ, bohemia interactive add thing like dayz standalone or just add a expansion like the Arma 2 Operation arrowhead.
game-hours: 362.5
review: Arma might be a game with bugs, but deep down its truthfully an amazing game when in multiplayer or in custom SP missions, add all the user generated modifications and the game is amazing. Its my favourite FPS even if it isnt run and gun but slow and tactical movement
game-hours: 341.2
review: Best Realistic
game-hours: 274.2
review: Ok, lets face the facts, this game is quite a bit of money, but it is totaly worth it.
game-hours: 1380.8
review: cool game
game-hours: 150.5
review: What do i think of Arma 3, well i have mixed emotions. I belive its a good game, but there are alot of reasons i dont play it as often. First for it being the game coming out after the previous Arma 2 i was expecting certian things to be added, like better ai, a PHYSICS engine, and a much better map. I think i expected a little to much. Some ups about the game is its FUN! yeah get it like srlsy
game-hours: 34.2
review: This game is the best simulation FPS ever made. Sure it still has to expand. But even at this point you have unlimited hours of playing with super realistic challenges, mission editor, campaings, different multiplayer games etc. The game gives you a variety of options from squad commands to character and vehicle movements (you have submarines too :P). The shooting is as realistic as a game can offer you nowadays. If you didn't like Arma 2 don't think that Arma 3 is the same. You must check it out. In the end I think that you should buy this game if you like a bit more realistic FPS and want some real challanges to face. See you on the field soldier!
game-hours: 360.5
review: .;/mk.njkl,njl
game-hours: 545.5
review: A Brilliant, yet realistic Military Game. As expected from the Arma Series!
game-hours: 68.2
review: One word can describe this game: Awesome. Arma 3 is a realistic military sim. Even with that in mind, for those who don't enjoy the realism, this game is one of the best FPS ever created and offers something for everyone. Map sizes are ridiculous, think of an average GTA IV map, times that by ten. Vehicle mechanics are greatly improved over Arma II, which makes them fun to drive, and gives you another sense of immersion. When your driving an armored vehicle, you actually feel empowered. As for weapons, the quality of the models, and the sound bytes are amazing. It's not like your average FPS....With headphones, every weapon sounds exactly like it would in real life, not some PEW PEW sound. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone looking for a boredom cure, with community made mods and game types, there is something in it for everyone.
game-hours: 2362.6
review: Best game in the world for me ATM.
game-hours: 805.3
review: All I have to say this is still a work in progress game in the way of content with little content to begin with but still a great game and about two years down the road this will be a great game.
game-hours: 352.8
review: Brilliant game, graphics A1, audio A1, gameplay perfection, couldnt possibley be a better combat game currnetly on the market
game-hours: 192.5
review: This game is one of the best I have ever played , its a military FPS(FIRST PERSON SHOOTER) with massive battles on campaign and multiplayer its got awesome graphics and is very realistic !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!:D
game-hours: 439.6
review: I have almost 120 hours in this game and i still dont know half what it got to offer. it is simply the best game of 2013. if you is wondering wether or not to buy the game so buy it. the editor is the best way to experinece all the vehicles. play it as the game is ment to be played and you will enjoy it. if you are an battlefield or COD player dont buy this it is slow phased and you dont get you healt back after 5 seconds so buy it if you like slow phased and realistic games. this is the best way i can describe it. I have to go and play the game
game-hours: 123.1
review: To be honest, I've no idea 'what this game is about' but whatever it is, it feels great! I didn't have much time to play yet, but once I've sat with it, I didn't notice how fast the time flies (6 hours gone like a few minutes) Also, the multiplayer can be confusing at first, as there seems to be not much predefined game modes, but if you have friends playing it, it's a must have!
game-hours: 109.5
review: One of the best game sive played this year, would definetly recommend if you dont mind the occasional bugged death.
game-hours: 51.0
review: REALLY REALLY GOOD
game-hours: 7.3
review: I reccomend only if you have a computer that can handle it. Also the controlls arnt easy.
game-hours: 47.4
review: This game is just amazing, it is a game that requires a big big computer, but it looks fantastic as soon as you get the computer! I may have only killed one person, but this game is just really fun, coop, sandbox, tdm, rpg, and so on!
game-hours: 417.5
review: great game Altis life is fun
game-hours: 177.0
review: It's a pretty, and awesome game, highly recomend it!
game-hours: 732.2
review: Awesome
game-hours: 527.8
review: This game definitly made my top list of greatest games. yes it may have some bugs, but the possibilities for the types of scenarios that you run into is just amazing. This game is not like any other ordinary FPS. Its classified as a combat simulation game, and it does not let down. So if you're tired of casual shooters and want to try something more in depth, then I reccomend this game.
game-hours: 39.0
review: The problem is, is that BIS have gone full psycho. They say they want their game to be a big sandbox that everyone can mod on, and that was true of Arma 2. But now, in Arma 3, there are very few vehicles, and they're all sci-fi. Theres a TON of bugs, the game is only half finished, and they tricked everyone into paying $60 for it, saying it would be finished upon release. Which was a total lie. Now, if you complain about that on their forums, your banned without any explanation. They even ban your IP so you can't make another account. Its also a steam game, so the producers lurk on the steam forums, and if they see you complain on there to Steam, they ban you there as well, since they have mod status. And now, even if you say "oh well, its half baked", and start making suggestions for improvement, they ban you for that as well. So basically, you can't say anything on their forums now. Unless its to kiss their  and tell them how wonderful they are. The Arma forums are a ghost town to everyone but fanboys. Everyone else has been banned. Its a shame, because it was a good game / sim. But the greedy as.s.holes at BIS have turned into worse than EA, and all they care about now are lies and money.
game-hours: 123.0
review: GAME ON SEE YOU ON THE BATTLEFIELD!
game-hours: 94.1
review: Went full speed down a mountain, crashed into a tree, and I exploded into pieces. 12/10 its okay.
game-hours: 1100.3
review: Bought it a few days ago, Now I have 136 hours of play time. If you value friendships your going to need to not to they will dwindle if you get into this game which it is very easy to as there is ALOT of content.
game-hours: 896.0
review: Id  the  on this game any day of the week m8. almost onpar with victoria bitter so that's in' sayin something m8. m8 play it and if you don't like it you are a in gypsy.
game-hours: 275.7
review: Great game to play especially in multiplayer with friends. The combat system is top notch and the graphics are great if you have a good enough PC to run the game in multilayer. The game has its flaws at times with fps dips on some servers but if you can get past that, the game is amazing. The mods for this game is where it shines for me personally. Mainly the wasteland mod and the life mod. On the right servers you will find yourself hundreds of hours of fun easily just by how tense the game can get. My recommendation is to only buy this game if you have a few friends who are willing to play with you. Also, if you want to play wasteland only play on sa-matra servers, this way you can reach 60fps quite easily in ultra if your PC is good enough, otherwise you will have to play on the not so optimized regular wasteland servers with low fps (30-40 or less)
game-hours: 223.2
review: You are kidding me right? You are selling the completed version of the game that should have been released in the first place for $20 more have you idiots fallen out of your tree? It was my understanding that you sold the other version because you couldn't finish the single player campaign in time for your release date. Things you need to address you need to work on your multiplayer experience we your customers love and support you guys cause you have a great lineage but don't piss down our backs and tell us it's raining!!! Please, move from the same gamespy technology that you have been using for over 20-years old and get something more updated also spend a little money on the community by getting us some local servers that WE YOUR CUSTOMERS CAN USE here in the states without a damn 100 plus ping!!! Get your in game comm's together to optimize bandwidth. The sounds in ArmA 3 are still a little campy I know you don't want to have to pay for a sound engineer to actually do some sound mapping from real guns but guess what this is a real gun sort of experience so suck it up and get it done! We are your customer not some blind village idoit you can simply pick pocket when you want more money so don't treat us like one! Regards, Tat
game-hours: 224.0
review: WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU WAITING FOR? HAVE YOU SEEN THE OPTIONS YOU CAN DO? START THROWING MONEY AT YOUR SCREEN NOAWWWWWWWWWWw
game-hours: 314.3
review: Get it and Play it enjoy it. It is alpha and it will have annoying bug or something weird.
game-hours: 144.7
review: Great game when played with the right group of people. Single player campaigns, while challenging, can be a little dull after a while, but this seems to be the way of life for games these days. EDIT 16/05/2014 - The new campaigns added since i left my review have made the world of difference. Changes have been made to the game itself and it looks, simple beautiful. There are lighting effects that make your choice of where you shoot from and approach your enemy critical. Arma 3 is simply awesome, and if you're the kind of player to expect one shot kills with an assault rifle from 100m, then go and play COD, because you will be sorely dissappointed. If, however, you`re after a genuine challenge of realistic warfare, then get this game, convince some buddies to join you, and get tactical!
game-hours: 54.0
review: If you like realistic war games, this has to be yours!!
game-hours: 65.2
review: Massive, massive and one more massive improvement from Arma 2. I've only really played Muliplayer so I can't really review the campaign but if you're mainly after playing mods such as Battle Royale then you will be impressed by the improvement from Arma 2!
game-hours: 676.4
review: This game is amazing
game-hours: 0.3
review: When you play this game, you will become Karma Charger
game-hours: 51.0
review: Great Game.So realistic!
game-hours: 821.7
review: Its a good game. Though recommeded for people who like to take millitary shooters very seriously. Otherwise the fun side its pretty
game-hours: 468.8
review: this game is incredible
game-hours: 1266.8
review: I Gladly dropped part of my paycheck on this game, and ever since its release it has kept me entertained through the various gamemodes it offers. If you do happen to get tired of Wasteland, Altis Life, etc you can check out armaholic, and download many more mods and missions to work with. The game does have its bugs, but in reality every game does. They may or may not get said bugs worked out, but we can only hope. If you want to screw around on a MilSim that has many things to offer Arma 3 is the game you want to pick up.
game-hours: 100.9
review: The most strategic F.P.S game i have ever played. I love the game because it is filled with hard campain missions and an amazing multiplayer
game-hours: 666.7
review: Best game 10/10 And REMEBER  IS REAL!
game-hours: 679.6
review: Great game, especially Altis Life!
game-hours: 172.3
review: Can count to 3
game-hours: 58.8
review: There is no comparison
game-hours: 765.0
review: Incredible.
game-hours: 6.2
review: cool
game-hours: 848.2
review: Get it!!!
game-hours: 221.3
review: I absolutely love this game. And it just keeps getting better so I can only love it more. At first it may seem daunting to dive into and get familiar with. But after a while of playing, getting used to the controls and then learning some of the more advance controls, you can wage an entire war by yourself by commanding squads or with friends by playing cooperatively. With the Steam Workshop you can also find hundreds, if not, thousands of user created missions that are a lot of fun. I personally suggest Dynamic Universal War System for a fun but brutal gamemode that is really good for Co-Op or solo play.
game-hours: 1284.4
review: Extreme fun for those who love Anything Military and like playing tactically. I also highly reccommend it for the campaign which is very fun and gripping. 9/10
game-hours: 49.8
review: just great! )
game-hours: 384.7
review: **THIS GAME IS ONLY FOR PEOPLE WITH SWAG**
game-hours: 15.7
review: Running around aimlessly through miles of durka-durka land squinting your eyes for multiple hours trying to find something that moves. Once you do, you find out that you need to reload your gun and you get shot a million and a half times. I like this game. It is Fun.
game-hours: 141.9
review: I recommend this game to anyone who likes a more realistic type of shooter. This game also has a big modding community so there are tons of different ways to play the game. Controls are most fluid then Arma 2 and it feels more natural and less mechanical. It does still have a slight mechanical feel but that just goes with the genre. Every act requires you to take a second to complete that task just like RL. I didn't log many hours when i first got it but iv recently found servers that run the SC (Sector control) game mode and its fantastic. You gain levels by being in the target sector and money to buy new gear. Il keep this brief but its a great game and keeps getting better with every update.
game-hours: 672.2
review: Altis Life is dead dont even buy this game.
game-hours: 34.3
review: This game is definately not your standard cod run and gun type of game. You are forced to use tactics and the enviroment around you to gain the advantage and with all the multiplayer content as well as custom missions/mods you will never get bored.
game-hours: 230.4
review: This game is great, especially with friends, Breaking Point also adds so much to this already amazing game! :D
game-hours: 202.4
review: ArmA 3 shows numerous marked improvements over its predecessors, but little has changed about the developer andcommunity attitude since ArmA 2. ArmA 3 is a good game. It feels very refined, like a proper triple-A title, which contrasts immensely with the very unpolished, rough, but still charming ArmA 2. ArmA 3 improves on just about everything from the entry before it. Movement is fluid, smooth, and no longer clunky. The controls are far less complex and much easier to master and memorize. Vehicles handle much better and have fully rendered, animated interiors. I personally found that the game ran a bit better on my system, but it can be taxing when a lot of buildings and objects are involved, as the CPU often fails to keep up. That said, ArmA 3 does fall short in a small handful of aspects that ArmA 2 does better. Some people may be turned off by the future setting, although it doesn't affect gameplay much. All together it is smaller in scale, with fewer vehicles, factions, and maps than ArmA 2. Still, ArmA 3 has its strong points. There is a new Zues mode in which one player is an omnipotent, "dungeon master"-like figure who places enemies and allies. There are multiple ways to mix and match Zues, and the game can basically be made into an RTS. There can even be competing Zues'! However, the game does have pitfalls of its own. The AI, a much chided problem of the series, doesn't seem to have any improvements. It continues to be brick levels of stupid while also having improbable accuracy. allied squadmates almost never follow orders, making parts of the singleplayer (particularly the second act) more frustrating than fun. A new stamina system was implemented that adds a new, interesting dynamic to multiplayer, but since the singleplayer wasn't designed with it in mind, the campaign is basically unplayable. This to me speaks volumes about Bohemia Interactives design philosophy, and I have to wonder how much effort is put into testing patches and hearing player feedback. Speaking of players, you will find the greatest challenge of ArmA 3 is the community. Most of the community is hospitable enough, but there is a rampant elitism that pervades the community and makes many players seem like complete twits. More often then not threads criticizing the game will devolve into "this isn't Call of Duty you filthy casual" or something of the like. Furthermore, this makes finding a unit a very tough search, as many are not immediately accepting. This can be a challange, as multiplayer is the key focus of the game and it is hard to have fun without a coordinated group. Another major issue is that the mod developers are often overprotective of their mods to say the least, with almost all of them refusing to use the integrated workshop or allow any change to their mods. These attitudes can be stifling at times. In the end, my recommendation on ArmA 3 is based mostly around 1 principle: do you have friends you can play with? If the answer is no, I would say wait until you do or find a potential group to hook up with. Singleplayer-wise, there isn't a lot of enjoyment to be had, although user missions keep it afloat for a bit. If this is a non-issue for you, than I definitely recommend ArmA 3.
game-hours: 415.8
review: Its a fun game.
game-hours: 511.1
review: This is like a drug. Murder simulation, the sound is probably the best thing about this game. The first time you fire a simple 6.5mm round you realize this game is on a completely different level from anything else. Some games can be more fun, but none are more real. Sometimes you'll have memories of killing people on certain maps and you'll wake up in the morning and remember it, that place you went to and that person you killed. Genuinely a feeling of disconnection will grow when you play other games because you don't feel like they properly exteriorize a sense of realism compared to ARMA 3. The sunlight is like video game wizardry i'll never understand. Closing this review i'll say you should have confidence in yourself, play the multiplayer from the start, switch your rate of fire, run and kill kill kill.
game-hours: 188.5
review: because its amazingly awesome
game-hours: 505.9
review: You need to love this game to play this game
game-hours: 45.4
review: when you dont get 10 fps its a great game !
game-hours: 24.1
review: .  custom ()      (). ..  Arma31,2   VBS   . . ^ ^
game-hours: 54.2
review: great game
game-hours: 432.8
review: Good Game with lots of potential modding and other advantages nothing like COD or BF4 this game is one of a kind.
game-hours: 147.6
review: This game is very diverse with the mods making it enjoyable for anyone to play stretching from all out war on King of the Hill to Altis Life where you live as a citizen on an the island of Altis trying to make a living. Very diverse, very enjoyable and would definetly recommend to anyone.
game-hours: 409.6
review: Good game, good graphics, flying cars, broken physics 11/10 would fly again
game-hours: 512.7
review: fun game
game-hours: 10.0
review: GOTY
game-hours: 220.1
review: This game is great it offers a wide variety of things to play and to whether your thing is role play or killing people just because u can. I'd recommend this game to nearly everyone who like fast pace shooter or zombie survival.
game-hours: 177.7
review: it is a lote of fun i hilly recomend this game
game-hours: 710.0
review: Just simply epic.
game-hours: 138.7
review: If someone likes realistic shots that is the best game that it can Find Waiting for the full version
game-hours: 208.1
review: THis game is not like any FPS it delivers skill,Awsomeness, and the best army simulator game out there. I HIGHLY recommend this game. In my view if you dont get Arma your missing half of the greatness in pc
game-hours: 559.6
review: Nothing like pretending to screw up countries!
game-hours: 179.3
review: Where the Arma 2 campaign/s were tedious and frustrating due to bugs and poor AI. Arma 3 is one of my favourite campaigns do far. The AI is so smooth, its not 100% predictable and it just flows really well. Congratulations Bohemia Interactive on really stepping up the game with this well...game (excuse the pun)
game-hours: 229.3
review: Fantastic games with a good variety of community made missions/mods etc. If you were an avid ArmA 2 player, you'll love Arma 3! The only problem I could see with this game is that it's quite diffrent from other shooter games, and maybe a little hard to get into without help from friends that have already been playing this or arma 2.
game-hours: 19.5
review: Muito bom, apesar de algumas mecanicas serem horriveis de se usar e aprender, o jogo  bom!
game-hours: 480.4
review: Good game, I would recommend to players who are into military simulator. This game includes variety of guns and vihecles.
game-hours: 381.8
review: Not anyting like the FPS your use to. Its much better! If you are looking for a fast paste fps this is not for you! Requires a bit of your pc, but some commands can help run it a bit better!
game-hours: 66.4
review: i shot a bunny at 1150m with a .50cal, totally recomend this game
game-hours: 276.1
review: Wanna play a war simulator? Arma 3 is the best! Play with friends and have fun!
game-hours: 489.3
review: I love this game so much. Amazing graphics and the lighting is fantastic. The physics are still crappy just like ARMA 2 and ARMA 2 OA's but whatever, I love them.
game-hours: 111.9
review: arma3 is a good war game simulator i have been playing this alot and i recommend to buy it if you like war game simulators.
game-hours: 326.6
review: I mostly play Wasteland and King of the Hill, but with its mod support and range of in-game fidelity, I'm surely to play this game for a very long time.
game-hours: 477.6
review: Yes.
game-hours: 215.9
review: amazing
game-hours: 99.9
review: A big improvement on the previous 2. Shooting in the previous 2 games felt more like shooting a shotgun glued to the end of a broom stick. Arma 3 has a great shooting model and an actually genuinely good single player campaign.
game-hours: 8.0
review: At last Bohemia Interactive have got their military simulation (you can't call it an FPS because it's so much more) finally nailled. The singleplayer is fine and without the game breaking bugs riddled within ARMA 2. There are also still many more updates to come and the latest one is focused on multiplayer. The only thing that really annoys me though is that everytime a new update is released, it negates all your save games! This is is so much of a wind up that i've set Steam not to update the game until I've finished the singleplayer campaign and solo missions. Is it really so much to ask considering the vast majority of games update perfectly well without rendering your savegame positions as useless? Another plus with this game is that it's designed to be easily modded and with the Steam Workshop also added, you can be sure the new missions, campaigns, etc, etc, will add many. many more hours of engrossing gameplay (look at the success of the Day Z mod for ARMA 2 for example). Don't expect to go running around expecting to shoot everything in sight. This is a simulator where one headshot from an enemy will kill you on the spot. You have to change your stances and find cover according to the situation you find yourself in and work closely with your squad. As you work towards promotions which eventually give you full control over your troops and air, land and sea units. So I'm extremely glad to finally be able to recommend this 3rd instalment in the ARMA series. There are still some bugs to be found, but nothing signifigant thankfully and nothing to spoil your enjoyment. One thing I didn't like is the price, 39.99 for a game that isn't finished yet?!! I was lucky and got my version for 23 in a sale, but charging full price for a game they admit isn't finished, leaves a nasty taste in the mouth. They're not the worse culprits by any means GalCom 3 - 76 for an alpha version!! Before that it was Planetary Annihilation for nearly 100!! That is a shameful way of marketing and Steam censor any negative comments on the games' Discussion forum! Early Access was set up to help small indie developers charge a small price to help then get funding to finish their game and get it beta tested for free at the same time. So I find it deplorable that big publishers are using the system to charge grossly inflated prices FOR AN UNFINSHED GAME!! Plus these are games that are part of a well known and critically acclaimed franchise which are guaranteed to sell well anyway. It seems Steam's reputation for integrity has been ditched ("f..k the integrity, just give us your money, no matter how shady the marketing ploy!"). Which I think is a massive disappointment from somebody who has been a member and fan of Steam for many years (I wonder how long it will take them this time to close and 'delete' this post - they seem to have moderators everywhere!). Anyway, bearing all this in mind on the nearly final game, I can recommend this to anyone who like their games to be military simulations as opposed to your bog standard FPS. The UI is a bit too clunky but apart from that, this is the best game of it's type around. There aren't many, because it takes a long time to achieve excellence in a genre which takes great pains to model everything on a modern battlefield as accuratetly as is possible. Bearing in mind it's not entirely 'finished' you might maybe hang on a little longer and buy it in a sale when by then, it should be entirely 'done.'
game-hours: 1444.4
review: best game ever like its so cool
game-hours: 330.8
review: Bought it back in april, pretty bad. Gave it another shot in January, holy  it is good. The custom maps and content are amazingly fun and the campaign seems pretty good as well. The games controls are horrifyingly complex and non-intuitive and the game intself can be a little buggy seeming but the combat realism and graphics are so sexy. No shooter in recent years has provided me with the proper fear of that unseen sniper 800m+ away that Arma 3 has. 9/10
game-hours: 511.6
review: Love this game. Altis Life is my favorite gamemode so far. I highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 29.9
review: had a great experience in this game,plenty of details in arma3,so impressive!
game-hours: 113.5
review: amazing game
game-hours: 1734.7
review: Best military simulator ever. Try the survival Mod Breaking Point
game-hours: 40.1
review: best army simulator game nowadays. many mods, much fun.
game-hours: 49.5
review: Arma 3 is arguably the single most realistic and immersive experience you can find today. It took me quite a while to get it running well, however after its up and running you wont be able to put it down. The maps are insanely huge, allowing for intense tactics. The realism of the guns is where this game really shines. while some may complain that the kick is not entirely realistic you have to adjust the sights for distance. If you get shot even once you will either be dead or have an injury such as a broken leg which only allows you to walk. Overall this game is a 9.5/10. aside from some performance issues this game is nothing short of amazing
game-hours: 206.5
review: My first game on A3 brought me the most horrific experience I've ever had in any game, ever. We're on our way to the objective, a small dump east of a town occupied by enemy forces. I'm leading a team of 4 men. We come to a crossroad and I sprint across, telling my men to hold back. I cross a few more times, trying to get a response from any snipers. Nothing. I run, my SAW gunner runs, my medic runs. But I kept my Marksman on the other side to make sure we'd make it across. Anybody seen Full Metal Jacket all the way through? Remember the sniper scene? The marksman takes a round in the leg as we're running and goes down. He then takes two more in the chest. The kid who was playing had some mad acting skills, he played it up to 11 here. He screams as he's being shot. Crawling, drenched in his own blood. "SARGE? YOU AIN'T LEAVING ME OUT HERE LIKE THIS, RIGHT? I-I WANNA GO WITH YOU GUYS! C'MON SARGE, H-HELP ME! C'MON! PLEASE DON'T LEAVE ME!" he died after that. I cried and he respawned. 11/10, would recommend getting.
game-hours: 65.9
review: This is not a game for people who want fast action movie style gaming, this is a game for people who appreciate the finer things. Having done both military service and picked up MILSIM airsoft as a hobby this game is the closest you will get to what goes on in reality. There are experiences you will have in ARMA 3 that can not be had in COD or BF, experiences that will have you shaking from the adrenaline release. One that comes to mind was a mission to destroy an enemy comms tower, I was squad leader of 8 or so AI:s. As we approached the Comms tower and I told my men to go stealth, no firing unless fired upon. We moved slowly taking advantage of terrain, keeping an watchful eye for enemy patrols. Once the tower was in visual range pace slowed even more and I spent the better part of 30 minutes just looking for enemy patrols and advancing to about 200 meters from the tower. There I positioned my men to cover a wide firing arc as I had spotted quite a few patrols moving in and about the tower. I considered opening fire and probably being able to drop a good portion of the enemy before they could zero in on our position. But a firefight is always a risk, and these AI had been around for a few missions and I had started to anthropomorphize them a bit and secondly I might get hit and killed. As I considered how I would start the engagement a sudden hole opened up in the patrol pattern, I realised the tower is unguarded and I had an opportunity to do something I had not considered. I got up and ran as fast as I could towards the tower, all the time expecting the bullets to start cracking above my head. I kept scanning as I ran whizzling through bushes trying to pick a path that the least visibility to any patrols. After what seemed like far too long I reached the tower and threw out a satchel charge and another for good measure, if one would not bring the tower down it would sure attract attention. I turned around and made my way back, as I closed on my men I started ordering them to fall back, hope growing that I might get out of this alive. Falling back to about 400 meters I finally detonated the satchel charges and the tower fell, from there it was just a short run to the truck and back to Command. I had done it. I had pulled off the perfect mission, not a shot fired and all under my command back alive. That is what this game is about.
game-hours: 576.8
review: Oh man. Where to even begin with this one. It would be an extreme disservice to simply call Arma 3 a shooter, as it is so, so much more than that. Arma 3 is a military simulator. This is a distinction that its developers hold sacred and are proud of, and one to which I can attest is completely accurate and deserved. But its even more than that. Arma 3 is a gaming platform, upon which so much has already been and will continue to be built for years to come. At its core though, Arma 3 in a supremely excellent military sim. The graphics are stunning, the gameplay is excellent, the mechanics are solid, and Bohemia Interactive has done an absolutely amazing job packaging this all together. New comers to the Arma series (as I was) may initially be overwhelmed by the games complex mechanics and decidedly different pace from your typical FPS/shooter. Enemy engagements happen at much greater distance than is typical in the genre and are often brief, brutal, and more times than not will conclude with your demise. There is no handholding here. No mini-maps, no enemy UI icons/indicators, no hit markers, no health bars. If you get shot a couple of times, you will find yourself unceremoniously dispatched. While this creates a high barrier for entry and a steep learning curve for new players, it provides a unique and distinctive play style. Situational awareness, cover, teamwork, suppressive fire, and generally moving purposefully and as if your  depended on knowing what was behind the next ridge or hiding in the bushes are paramount to your success. Add to these infantry mechanics the amazingly rendered vehicles, armor, helicopters, and planes, each with their own realistic mechanics to learn and master, and you end up with a truly amazing military simulation experience. Out of the box, Arma comes with a great single player campaign comprised of 3 separate acts, each containing ~12-15 missions. The campaign focuses on a well crafted story of a military conflict that has erupted over Arma 3s two HUGE islands of Stratis and Altis. You play the part of a NATO soldier who finds himself stuck in the middle of a complex engagement. The campaign is rewarding, and challenging. (I have yet to complete it as Im stuck on one mission that I simply cant seem to complete.) However the single-player campaign is FAR from the end of this title. The mission editing tools have allowed this amazing community to develop some absolutely awesome single player missions, all of which can be downloaded free of charge from the Steam workshop and numerous other sites around the interwebs. I would also recommend you check out the supremely excellent full game conversion single player mods Whole Lotta Altis and Dynamic Universal War System which will provide countless additional single player hours and could be completely stand alone titles in themselves. Oh and the multiplayer, oh god the multiplayer. Wasteland, King of the Hill, Invade and Annex, Battle Royale, Breaking Point, so many Co-Op opportunities, the amazing looking upcoming Epoch (currently in closed Alpha). Im sure there are so many others that I havent even discovered yet. Each of these represent COMPLETELY USER GENERATED and totally disparate ways to play Multiplayer within the Arma 3 platform. By purchasing Arma 3, you immediately have access to each of these completely gratis and each could essentially be considered totally separate game. In wrapping up this lengthy review, Arma 3 is an amazing experience and a true accomplishment in game development. It is the only game in recent memory that I can say with confidence that I never get bored with playing. Bohemia Interactive has made it clear that they plan to support this game for years to come, and they have built something amazing on which the possibilities are truly endless. Purchase this game. Purchase it now. Thank me later. (IF YOU DO NOT FIND MY REVIEW HELPFUL, please leave a comment as to why. I welcome the constructive feedback.)
game-hours: 92.3
review: Children play Call of Duty Boys play Battlefield Men play ARMA
game-hours: 46.7
review: If you have friends, this is a great game to play with them. If you don't have any friends, this is a great game to play alone. If you don't have the game to play, get the money for it. If you don't have the money for it, get a job. If you don't have a job, rob the bank. If you get arrested robbing the bank, at least you tried.
game-hours: 2687.4
review: After some 1,400 hours on the game, I can say with FULL VALIDITY this game has ruined my life. If you like realistic physics, teamwork, and every form of warfare, this game is for you. 10/10
game-hours: 919.3
review: Can't tell you if you should buy it or not, but I can tell you this. You will find annoying bugs, highly requested features that isn't there and lack of content if you're not satisfied with what you have. But when you really get down to it, and experience some of the awesome scenarios you can get in multiplayer and custom sp mission, it's something magical you just can't find in any other game. Arma is not a game which you pick up at launch, play the campaign and a bit of mp, and then trow away. You buy it, love it or hate it, and then play it forever or trow it away immediatly. Arma is a game which you can never called finished. There will always be added to it, be it user or official content, fixes, features or optimizations. Hope I expressed myself correctly and that you learned something from it :) If you like realistic shooters and organized large scale multiplayer warfare, this will be your gem! I'll give it a 9/10, simply because: screw bugs, I've used hundreds of hours on Arma 3 that I would never take back. READ: I will not accept random friend requests! If you have a question, please post it in the comments.
game-hours: 958.1
review: It's not a good 'game' for newbies. No, it's not... I use to sit at a place and watch the sunset. I have no idea how to actually shoot, drive and complete missions. It's like my personal sunset simulator. And it's damn beautiful. 10/10
game-hours: 457.1
review: I have owned this game for a number of weeks now and I have been completely hooked. Great game for the more serious war gamer, not for those who prefer the fast paced combat that you get from Call of Duty series which I consider more for the younger gamers anyway. Arma 3 moves a lot slower and is more squad based than other war games, similar to Battlefield series only slower than that when playing online and you may find yourself on 10 minute helicopter rides just to get into the battlefield and you will be highly satisfied with each kill you make as you know a single round landed by your enemy could be fatal regardless of the weapon they are using. You will have to make good use of any cover you can find and hit the dirt as soon as you hear a bullet crack over your head and then very carefully survey the surrouding area and work out where you are taking fire from as it will usually not be obvious where the fire is coming from and you will find yourself having to hold up for 10-20 minutes in a single location (sometimes longer, I personally have gotten pinned in one location for over an hour) because you are either pinned by enemy fire or it is too dangerous to move forward. You will need to buffer up on your mic communication skills as most players use proper phonetics etc when relaying information to each other on the battlefield such as coordinates and other reconaissance. You can not respawn as quickly as you can in CoD if you are taken down by enemy fire so staying alive is more crucial than any other war game you have played and you wanna hope you are moving up with a squad that has a medic. The graphics are great, the game is a little glitchy at times and the controls take a little getting used to. I recommend buying this game to any serious war game enthusiasts who want to get as close to war as possible (unless doing paintballing or airgunning), and if you do buy the game - I recommend completing the whole VR Tutorial before actually joining a server or playing the Campaign as you will need to really learn all those different keys that may make the difference in a hairy situation in game.
game-hours: 280.1
review: If you're coming to Arma 3 as an Arma series veteran, you already know what to expect. For the most part, the game hasn't changed since the last installment, but then it's always felt a little bit like Bohemia Interactive are still building on the groundwork laid back in 2001 by Operation Flashpoint, in the world's longest ever game of 'development Buckaroo'. Thankfully, the whole thing has yet to fall to pieces in any significant manner; it's quite happy to continue wobbling uneasily for now. Arma has a reputation. It's known to be frighteningly obtuse, bewilderingly complex, and often hilariously broken. I can tell you right now that Arma 3 is no different, and absolutely still deserves that reputation. Thankfully, I don't think it's unfair to say that this is the closest an Arma game has come to being 'user friendly'. The controls have been tweaked, and the interface refined a little to accommodate more modern tastes. For these improvements alone, I do recommend it to newcomers to the series over any previous entry. Coming from any other modern FPS game, it will still take a good few hours of what can feel an awful lot like hard work to get to grips with the controls, but I honestly think Arma 3 will see a far lower 'drop-out rate' of newbies who were frustrated to the point of giving up by the previous games. At the time of writing, the elephant in the room is the lack of content available. When compared to Arma 2 (which is handsomely bolstered by an array of official expansion packs), the amount of hardware available to play with is frustratingly slim. In many cases, opposing armies are equipped with identical vehicles which get a slightly different paint job at best. For anyone used to the myriad of variants and oddments available in Arma 2, Arma 3 can feel awfully disappointing. Fortunately, this is alleviated to some extent by the strong mod community. It has long been the case that the best parts of the Arma games are the parts not developed by Bohemia Interactive themselves, and Arma 3 is most definitely continuing this 'tradition'. Nevertheless, I can't help but feel that the game could've done with a few months more time in the oven before full public release. Speaking of the mod community, I think it's criminal that almost none of the best, near-indispensible mods from Arma 2 have been officially integrated. For a self-professed 'war simulator', Arma 3 is hugely lacking in basic features like being able to rest your weapon on surfaces (even with a visible bipod), or tow damaged vehicles. For all its flaws, though, Arma 3 is still a blast to play. If you can find a decent group of like-minded gamers with access to a voice-over-net server, you're in for some of the best gaming you'll ever experience. Sure, you'll probably have to load up on mods to satisfy your need for variety. And sure, sometimes the game will crash spectacularly, or the physics engine will flip out and kill you for standing too close to a wall. But when you're standing on a hilltop, looking out over an enemy outpost with your squadmates while a CAS helicopter strafes an enemy APC and spots targets for a distant sniper team; when everything clicks together in the way that only Arma can manage, you'll be glad to have been along for the ride.
game-hours: 42.0
review: An game that turns in to a timemachine when you play it. Lots of content and gameplay. A must buy!!!
game-hours: 518.0
review: Absolutely incredible warfare simulation. This is by far the best war game I have ever played.
game-hours: 21.1
review: #WARCRIMES
game-hours: 128.2
review: So realistic it gave me PTSD.
game-hours: 61.3
review: YES I LOVE THIS GAME! I ALWAYS GET KIDNAPPED! ITS ALWAYS A FUN WAY TO LEARN WHY PEOPLE KIDNAP YOU FOR COCAINE...
game-hours: 1076.3
review: Very good game all i can say buy this if you like role playing/fast action shooter
game-hours: 4.3
review: (PTGSD) Post Traumatic Game Stress Disorder 2014
game-hours: 295.2
review: Buy this game you will not regret it
game-hours: 44.3
review: You either love this game or you hate it. If you like games with military tactics and GUNS and stuff this is the right game for you.
game-hours: 77.7
review: Just another ArmA. Same bugs (with a bunch of new ones), same gameplay, same problems, same game. Absolutely worth buying for anyone who fell in love with tactical shooters (any of the OFP, ArmA series or BF2: Project Reality). And not recommended to anyone else.
game-hours: 17.1
review: Tried shooting the enginer so he would repair my helicopter and was killed by my squad. 10/10
game-hours: 119.7
review: Don't know why steam did not record all of my arma 2 hours which was over 200 spent on it but Arma 3 lives up to its expectations! I have been playing it since Alpha and even in Alpha it was so much fun, the mods are amazing Cough* Breaking Point *cough and you can play as Zeus! Lightning bolts for all!
game-hours: 222.9
review: it's a cool strategic game if you find the right players and mods...it can go a far way when communitys get there hands on you.
game-hours: 440.2
review: Very good game if you like pew-pew sounds.
game-hours: 1307.7
review: :)
game-hours: 180.0
review: ARMA 3 So when I saw this game for the first time, I thought that soon will release another excellent piece ArmA. However, the first disappointment was already in anticipation, as the extremely small amount of technology and absence campaign. But this disappointment disappeared when issuing the first chapter of the campaign was excellent and the new technique also appeared. But I will not criticize. I must say that the guys from Bohemians are struggling and working hard to repair, etc. Graphically it's a big shift but a new engine this could offer more. The playing area is huge and real and opens new possibilities for mods. Technical equipment and weapon was terrible at the beginning and the newly added equipment was broken but gradually improves and fixes. Despite this, however, it is compared ARMA I and II, step backward. Personally, I think that would Bohemia Interactive could use a better future. On the other hand, however, the campaign is excellent, what more can I say. Final verdict: ArmA III is an improved forward, but it is incredibly untapped potential. If it Bohemia Interactive put in the time and dedicated technicians and armor, or even a new engine, so it would be something completely different, much better. 8/10
game-hours: 13.1
review: I haven't played it too much but I can safely say make some friends and make your friends get this. cause its hella more fun when you have a group to play with.
game-hours: 345.3
review: Its a good game 9/10 stars given by me but yeah give me a couple of secs before i destroy the entire game and have to reinstall it -_- its always me
game-hours: 24.2
review: Awesome game! Screw BF and CoD this is where the fun is at!
game-hours: 1181.8
review: ArmA 3 brings a new aspect to gaming and to simulation gaming. Being a leading developer in military simulation BIS strived and excelled it's past accomplishments with ArmA 2 and it's DLCs. Me being in the military I enjoy this game. From playing ArmA 2, and it's DLCs, BIS has done a wonderful job with this one. From customizing your weapons to playing CAS in it's new A-164 Wipeout. ArmA 3 brings future warfare to today's technology. Personal Rating: 09/10 Edited: 20140619
game-hours: 253.8
review: Great game. Only wish they had more.
game-hours: 693.7
review: Arma III What should i say, i love the game and have been a big fan of the whole series, as you can see i have put allot of hours in this game and i have bought it since alpha and seen the progress. yet i am abit saddend about the progress, i had high hopes they made the engine better on the AI part that is, yet that still kinda sucks and i can imagine it is hard to make it better because the engine they use is just a improved version of the same engine they used in Arma II. neither do i see allot of content on weapons and vehicles which kinda bums me out, and i think the main reason is because they want modders to add that content and fill the gap, problem is no one including me wants to download allot of separate files just to play on one server unless its pretty amazing. and again dont get me wrong i love this game, i just think the main focus on this game has been badly placed and with the setting the game is placed in (the future 2030's) they have allot of free space to use their creativity. i do need to add that the movement system has improved insanely from its previous game. other than that it is still a game i would recommend you should buy if you love military sim games where tactics overpower the opponent, or games where you need to roleplay as this game is a perfect platform to do so.
game-hours: 4.2
review: Best Game Ever :D
game-hours: 267.1
review: Don't do crack, do porn
game-hours: 17.8
review: epic realistic and the altis and stratis is on greece 9/10
game-hours: 1858.1
review: sick AF CCCC
game-hours: 774.1
review: This is the most solid simulator out there. The game is improved in countless ways since the previous title in the series. Name a game that can beat Arma in strategic military large-scale team play. None? I didn't think so.
game-hours: 893.6
review: Great Game, very friendly community and so much variety within the game itself, as well as the mods made by other users like me and you, which believe me are great! The graphics and quality is magnificent for this map size and even player count. Some servers have the ability to hold over 100 online players; you cannot get these numbers on any other game as far as I'm aware. The performance is great on Nvidia, however I am not sure it works as good on AMD.
game-hours: 5.8
review: Not as realistic as Call of Duty.
game-hours: 429.7
review: think its a good game but you need a good pc to play this game but apart from that its a good decent game
game-hours: 178.0
review: good game >>!
game-hours: 226.6
review: Fun with friends.
game-hours: 55.8
review: Wow <3
game-hours: 165.2
review: The game is awesome. Needs alot more mods though. ARMA 2 has a better mod selection. COMON PEOPLE MAKE SOME MODS!
game-hours: 121.5
review: This is, hands down, the best military simulator available. There is a steep learning curve and it's not very "plug and play," but A3 can deliver an incredibly rewarding experience if authenticity and realism are up your alley. The Arma series has proven to be both a fun combined arms shooter as well as an invaluable training tool.
game-hours: 192.7
review: War is fought by soldiers not the gun, it is fought by a ing tank coming down a road while you have you're pistol of doom. Ps no pants have been harmed in the making of this game
game-hours: 75.8
review: If you want a challenging game, with a great community and a stupidly fun editor then buy this game
game-hours: 51.8
review: Kewl.
game-hours: 73.4
review: Arma 3 is the most pure PC game in the world. 10/10
game-hours: 245.8
review: Great game, tonnes of mods. Definatly recommend
game-hours: 20.3
review: Outstanding military simulator like its predecessor, but be warned of its poor optimization as it will bring even the best gaming rigs to its knees.
game-hours: 138.0
review: potato
game-hours: 699.7
review: Great for roleplay. You can play different gamemodes like Wasteland or DayZ - post apocalyptic gamemodes where you can survive together, or compete for resorces. Editor lets you create your own battlefeild on two massive maps Altis and Stratis.
game-hours: 1.3
review: Difficult, absorbing, I want it so badly.
game-hours: 153.4
review: grate game love it
game-hours: 204.0
review: ArmA 2 is better, but this game is alrgiht
game-hours: 604.7
review: i love this game well worth the 30 bucks from steam sale
game-hours: 395.4
review: Not many games will amaze me, but this one did. I did not belive that Arma 3 would stand a chance to Arma 2/OA but it gives it a good run for its money. Only downside to Arma 3 is the lack of weapons and vehicles but mods seem to patch that right up, good job Bohimia Interactive
game-hours: 191.1
review: i want to play it so bad
game-hours: 72.0
review: I like it
game-hours: 158.5
review: Shot a surfer in the genitals point blank and he died 10/10
game-hours: 33.0
review: swag
game-hours: 642.3
review: A mostly incomplete yet incredibly addictive and detailed sandbox that takes "playing army" to an entirely new level.
game-hours: 694.2
review: Pretty mean, lacking content but, Content can always be made and added. Gameplay is outstanding!
game-hours: 518.4
review: This game is a a lot of fun for the right players. Looking for non-stop spawn and die? Then it's prolly not for you. Looking for some slower paced tactical action mixed with some intense battles? It's in there.
game-hours: 207.1
review: love the graphics, physics, and realistic gameplay.
game-hours: 427.5
review: I really like the game. It is really fun and almost all the way realistic. Just sometimes when you fall like 5-10 feet you die. Which is ridiculous iand stupid. I would rate this game a 8/10.
game-hours: 160.7
review: This game is amazing you must get it
game-hours: 106.1
review: i love the game, awsome map, great textures the hard thing is get used to the control
game-hours: 727.8
review: A worthy set in the arma trilogy, it takes place in the future which allows for more unique weapons/vehicles, though this some times can feel like a discomfort. Vehicles, Weapons, and Movements at disposal are all vasely improved and refined as well. With such an active modding community and develepors that are constantly improving the game, this is an expierence you can't disregard. And for the graphics the lighting effects are the best I've ever seen in a Video Game (ever).
game-hours: 157.4
review: If you are into military scenarios, this game is great for you. With the new engine and actual physics aspects, it takes a big leap forward for the Arma series. For me, it has been an amazing trip from Alpha into the upcoming release, an was not in any way a dissapointment. I can't wait for jets :D
game-hours: 692.9
review: I really enjoy this game. This game is different to other wargames. You can make your own missions, the graphics are epic and the maps are 200KM big! You can play alone or with friends. Either way you will enjoy this game. I suggest this game to anyone who is wanting good gameplay and epic battles.
game-hours: 4.3
review: oMg so realistic even the grases moves unlike cod lol buy the premium edition for your special skull camo and ac-130 killstreak (Srsly tho it is a good game get if you think your graphics card wont melt on ultra lul)
game-hours: 18.1
review: it's just so great to play, haven't been playing on my computer cause i can't play it on this one... but ive been playing it on my friends pc and it ran fine, just play and you'll see that is fun. Realistic is one of the things that is well made in this game to, man i liked it since i saw the first trailer
game-hours: 94.4
review: Impresionante simulador, el trabajo en equipo lo es TODO, si salis a lo rambo moris a los 2 metros. Miles de posiciones tacticas, trabaja con workshop lo que lo hace casi infinito en cuanto a posibilidades de misiones y mods. Terrible juego, el mejor exclusivo de PC de ao diria.
game-hours: 109.3
review: Best Military Simulator!
game-hours: 75.5
review: helicopters!!!1!!
game-hours: 63.5
review: HELL FREAKIN YEA! Buy this, this just shows the power of the PCMASTERRACE! Best exclusive ever, i reccomend this series more than any other game, everyone needs the chance to play this game. I reccomend it more than any other game ive ever played, most amazing thing that ever happend to me. BUY IT!
game-hours: 423.1
review: Best game ever :)
game-hours: 77.7
review: Just another ArmA. Same bugs (with a bunch of new ones), same gameplay, same problems, same game. Absolutely worth buying for anyone who fell in love with tactical shooters (any of the OFP, ArmA series or BF2: Project Reality). And not recommended to anyone else.
game-hours: 17.1
review: Tried shooting the enginer so he would repair my helicopter and was killed by my squad. 10/10
game-hours: 58.5
review: A great addition to the Arma Franchise! The graphics in it are amazing. Pros - Arma Scale combat Amazing Graphics Amazing Community/ Mods Cons - AI's can instantly find you/ have amazing aim AI's can spot you from 500 Meters from Down Hill through Fog.
game-hours: 355.9
review: A great game with many different ways to play! A wide variety of community and official game modes and mods exist for Arma 3 that will keep you coming back for more. The campaign/Single Player really isn't anything special, but the graphics are ON POINT. Play with friends to get the most enjoyment! All in all, 8/10 would recommend!
game-hours: 8.4
review: 1st/3rd person military shooter with vehicle combat. One of a kind "modern" military shooter, with very large battlefields. A lot of clothing, armor, weapon variations, weapon modifications, ammo types, grenades, utility tools and different kind of equipment. Large variety of civilian, military, armored ground and air vehicles. Game has great modding tools and support. Single player missions also included, as well as co-op and multiplayer modes. Game has great visuals, texture quality, animations, environments and good voice acting. Inventory is hard to navigate at first, and needs getting used to. You tend to die fast, and for some people it may be a challenge to stay alive. Game supports large player count on any given map. Personally I think this is good improvement over Arma 2.
game-hours: 92.8
review: Very good game, I would highly recommend this to anyone that likes a semi-realistic war sim. This game struggles heavly from optimization issues. I have an i5 3570K at 4.4 GHz and a GTX 760. At best this game will use 60% of my CPU and or GFX card and only getting 25-40 FPS at 1920x1080 in a busy server. In single player I can get up to 80-90 FPS. Changing my GFX settings really wont change my FPS more than about 10%. 9/10
game-hours: 728.1
review: A fun and addicting game for me. Started with just the campaign then started playing the Breaking Point mod which is the Arma 3 version of DayZ. Now playing Wastle land and Altis life. This game has a lot to offer and the community additions are great. I highly recomend this game if you are a fan of FPS games that actually want you to use some tactics.
game-hours: 33.7
review: It's everything you love about sandbox games, mixed with everything you love about Battlefield 3 but with everything you hate about Call of Duty stripped. Buy it.
game-hours: 29.7
review: Fun
game-hours: 435.9
review: "Get To Tha Chop..", a thousand meters away a sniper smiles froma cut short sentence.
game-hours: 157.1
review: As a veteran of Arma 2 and its expansions, I was fairly eager to get my hands on this game. However, upon playing Arma 3, I found the game lacking, particularly in its lack of variety. Unlike its predecessor, Arma 3 only hosts a handfull of units and vehicles with each side getting a tank, two or so helicopters, and a few light vehicles and APCs. The same goes for the available weaponry in the game although this part is balanced out by a wonderful ability to customize most rifles and machine guns with a list of accessories ranging anywhere from red dots and holo sights to infra-red lasers and tac lights. Arma 3 does include a fairly detailed campaign as well. The campaign allows for an open experience by allowing to choose between what patrols to take priority over and actually allows for the player to simply leave camp and initiate a solo patrol. All weapons, gear, etc. are saved when returning from each patrol meaning that what you come back with sticks with you until you change your loadout otherwise. However, since Arma 3's campaign was incomplete upon release date, those luxuries are short lived. Being incomplete, the updates that finished the campaign make it inconsistant in its mechanics and by part 3 the whole idea of FoB based warfare is forgotten along with loadout customization. Some could even debate wether the campaign is even yet completed or not since the final mission and epilogue are reminiscant of Arma 2's Eagle Wing. But despite its dissapointments and setbacks, Arma 3 still offers perhaps the most advanced war sim on the market. This and the active modding community that easily fills in whatever the game lacks in make Arma 3 a worthwhile buy.
game-hours: 390.6
review: If you like Shooting things This is the game for you
game-hours: 536.5
review: An awesome game
game-hours: 73.4
review: Arma 3 is the most pure PC game in the world. 10/10
game-hours: 246.8
review: You think you good in FPS Game? Try ARMA 3!!
game-hours: 258.1
review: This is sick! depending on the type of game, you can team up in wasteland, have an all out war in team death match, snipers are amazing, so many rifles, 3 rocket launchers with a laser guidence system, grenades, smoke, and mortors! i love it
game-hours: 328.2
review: Nice game
game-hours: 12.5
review: Verdadeiro simulador...
game-hours: 135.5
review: Very good game!!!
game-hours: 631.1
review: Awesome Game! Breaking Point is a great MOD for the game as well! Well worth your time and money!
game-hours: 846.0
review: If you want a good feeling tactical shooter, this game is for you. I love this and have put in countless hours. A mod friendly game and a large community make this a double wammy beauty. 5/5
game-hours: 226.6
review: Fun with friends.
game-hours: 55.8
review: Wow <3
game-hours: 309.3
review: It's Arma, not Call of Duty or Battlefield or Halo or whatever... It's simulation, so no 360quickscope, no gender-related bashing, no "noobs vs pro" to a certain degree, Simply one of the best simulations game in existence. It's basically a military simulations, with multiplayers and good gameplay, with multitudes of community mods. With massive content created by community, you buy this game, you could play more than just 1 game. Yeah, wanna play The Sims? Arma 3 have it. Wanna play Tank Battle? Arma 3 have it. Wanna play Ace Combat? Arma 3 have it. Wanna play racing games? Arma 3 have it. Wanna play... oh come on, try them for yourself! I'm not paid to write long review, so I'm gonna leave it here. Oh, and zombies... Hehe, what's better than playing zombie in Arma themed world? Download a zombie mod, use a script to spawn tank, and have fun!
game-hours: 34.5
review: good job bohemia. this game is worth the money
game-hours: 593.7
review: Obviously, you'll know what you're getting into if you've played, and had fun playing Arma II. Potenetial for some really fun mutliplayer experiences, and a whole bunch of missions on the workshop to play on your own. Huge map and great game mechanics.
game-hours: 448.8
review: This is war! If you like military simulation games this is worth your money.
game-hours: 118.0
review: I enjoy arma 3 most realistic military simulater I have played.
game-hours: 36.6
review: Cats R furry!
game-hours: 641.9
review: if you like beating people to death with dragon  then this is your game
game-hours: 65.5
review: It's great.
game-hours: 43.4
review: Sure there are bugs, many bugs, but the bottom line is that Arma 3 improves in almost every department over the second game. Well worth the dollar.
game-hours: 86.0
review: Great game overall with a great modding community!
game-hours: 756.4
review: ArmA 3 is vary fun yet demanding game, if you have the hard ware for this game I would recommend it but if you don't, don't even think about it. I fyou like milsim this may be the game for you, their are a lot of good milsim groups that play this game and they have fun doing it, there are tons of mods to make this game so much better than it already is.
game-hours: 4.5
review: An undeniably accurate military simulator, no other game like it (yes, COD boys and BF fans, this is very different indeed). Developed by actual military personel, this game is designed to be as realistic to military combat, tactics, and realismas humanly possible. I've played ArmA II for years and never did I imagine a game, designed for the sole purpose of military simulations, take on the challenge of becomeing a modern day platform of ArmA III.
game-hours: 154.2
review: I truly enjoy this game. It is very fun. It would be better if the ai werent so strong. I swear it takes 10 shot in the head to kill one. But other than that it is great!
game-hours: 88.8
review: me in the  and call me samantha, this is a good game.
game-hours: 133.2
review: Playing this by yourself and not working together with others this game is quite boring but if you have friends to play with all kinds of fun can be had good game not great but good
game-hours: 425.4
review: Best Game iv jammed yet!!!!
game-hours: 144.1
review: Awesome. I loved Arma 2, and this is like Arma 2 but less clunky and lots of new mechanics and graphics. The only thing I think is holding this game back is the almost unimproved AI.
game-hours: 101.2
review: If you enjoy having to trek 3 Kilometers to take out one soldier and then trek to the next objective for another 20 minutes (real time), then Arma is your game. Arma is as close as one can get in a game to real-life combat procedures. Taking one hit will usually result in death or severe injury...and you don't wanna take a hit when you're 3 Kilometers from an objective and have to walk there... There are a few things that you should know first: 1) Combat is slow-paced and tactical 2) There are a lot of different controls that you'll need to know 3) The online community is great for help 4) With enough time and imagination, there are very few things that you can't do/create in Arma The guides that come in-game are very useful and are a must-read if you want to have a good play experience. All-in-all, for the amount of content that comes with Arma 3 and the amount of content streaming-in constantly from users as well as can be made by you, this game will give you unlimited hours of entertainment, provided that you put the time into learning the controls properly. This is a steal for $60, and anything cheaper is almost a crime for the amount of value that lies within this game. Even if you're not into military shooters, this game has more than just "something" for everyone.
game-hours: 23.3
review: yep.
game-hours: 226.6
review: i am a MASSIVE fan of all arma games and i can say after a dodgy release bohemia interactive have eventually have brought this game to close perfection and with visuals like this, i am hooked. if you are new to arma i recommend starting here, it gives you clear instructions and a smooth campaign (thats if you can run it). it has nice, mature, loyal and welcoming community (with the occasional your mum joke) that does not hesitate to mod and create user made missions, so boredom is rare. i highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a deeper fps experience.
game-hours: 615.2
review: This game will not measure your KDR, this game will not have you grind to unlock weapons or attachments, this game will not release 4 expensive DLC patches every year, but this game will be more immersive, epic and thrilling than any other. It will make you feel like a part of something bigger. Arma is not for everyone, one should not be fooled into thinking so; the willingness to train, practice and execute are not traits everyone posses. However, should you choose to don the desert camo of Blufor, the quicksand colours of Opfor or the grass greens of Greenfor, know that you have become part of a community which will grow, advance and perfect their craft. If you're willing, and if you want more than a game, Arma is the pinnacle of milsims to date. UPDATE: the new Zeus game modes are amazing (currently availible on the dev build), it is difficult to sum up the essence of the gane mode, but it is very interesting, and my new favourite game mode, which is quite an achievement considering I've been around since Arma: Cold War Crisis (as it is bow known) and the OPF games.
game-hours: 1212.0
review: the game still needs lots of work in differnt places but if you have the time to mod it and find the right bunch of guys to play with you will defo fall in love with this game for the price you pay and hours you get need i say more
game-hours: 85.0
review: mcdonalds is a good game, i would recommend it.
game-hours: 77.3
review: Amazing game! Alot of different community made gamemodes available.
game-hours: 172.3
review: This game has so many mods anyone fan of rust , dayz , gta or any other shooter with sandbox features get this its great Altis Life mod Wasteland Awesome mods
game-hours: 150.4
review: zimbabwe/10
game-hours: 236.9
review: What is love? Baby dont hurt me, dont hurt me... No more!
game-hours: 1107.1
review: Good game for the $$.
game-hours: 446.7
review: 0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 so good
game-hours: 213.0
review: Bestest, but hosting multiplayer servers should be done by NASA:
game-hours: 783.8
review: Arma 3 is an improvement over the previous ones, but the game still suffers from clunky interface and lackluster AI. For an Arma fan like myself, though, it is the best Arma so far.
game-hours: 87.8
review: Arma2 with some new weapon stances, granade shortcut keys and zeus live mission mode. Definately worth getting with discount - would not recommend paying full price if u got Arma II already.
game-hours: 143.2
review: Atlis Life If You Want No Life.
game-hours: 28.5
review: First day in Altis was taken hostage by rebels and hurled out of a moving helicopter before being mugged for my car and being thrown in prison as a consequence. 10/10. Would holiday in Altis again.
game-hours: 233.6
review: Really nice game.. Beautiful aswell. Just the campaign made me rage xD
game-hours: 95.4
review: Awesome military sim
game-hours: 425.9
review: Very good game.
game-hours: 925.7
review: my favorite steam game! many free mods (altis life, wasteland, hostile takeover, breaking point, etc) we play @
game-hours: 564.3
review: So I have played many hours and 'I like it a lot': So have you: Ever wanted to run around while looking at your feet making it look like your sucking your own ? Brake dance? Shoot a guy in the knee and laugh at him because he can't run anymore? Run in to battle in your undies? (Note: theres a bug that doesn't allow you to go naked) Do a back flip in a chopper? Get into a tank LAV and go down the highway at 100km/h then hit a rock and go flying. And a lot more! Who said this was a war simulator you can play this game your whole life and not need to shoot one bullet? Remember Men Play ARMA! BTW: Lots of people won't like this game because they don't know what to play on it. find what modes you like or make your own!
game-hours: 1929.2
review: Simply the best Military Simulator/FPS/Strategy game out there.. Stunning visuals, immersive gameplay and endless hours of missions, mods, addons and DLC's Some people may experience problems on older machines with FPS and lag .. but majority of people will experience nothing but gaming pleasure and a game that will continue to expand and develop over the coming years.
game-hours: 476.4
review: Friendly AI took my group command and killed me as I was plotting to kill him! 11/10 HAL 9000 AI, must buy
game-hours: 308.4
review: Great gameplay. Shitiest UI out of any ing game!
game-hours: 1.5
review: Really nice so far.
game-hours: 121.2
review: This game looks gorgeous on Ultra settings and is great for benchmarking, this game requires a hefty rig to run Stable 60fps 1080p which is a big factor on whether you take a risk on purchasing the game if you have a low end system, the multiplayer is very CPU intensive and could lead to unexpected drops of frames even on the most beefy of PC's. This game however is packed with singleplayer content and a large variety of multiplayer modes, the game also features a mission editor so you can make your own missions or download them off the Steam Workshop. With the peformance issues in mind this still is an amzing game and is worth a fullprice purchase if you have friends which can play with you on it. 9/10 Great game but low-medium end rigs or even pc's with a not great CPU be weary.
game-hours: 165.4
review: An interesting FPS that is highly realistic, but still maintains a very fun feel. NOTE: It is a fairly intesive game hardware wise, so i belive it will require a decent computer.
game-hours: 34.3
review: Is very fun
game-hours: 64.7
review: its a lot of fun how ever it needs a favorite server tab so you can find servers you like to play on easy but thats it
game-hours: 463.1
review: I have played this game for a long time and have also played arma 2. I would call this game one of the best games out there. There is so many things that you can do that it just does not end. If you are looking for a new game to buy I would say Arma 3 is a great chose.
game-hours: 151.7
review: Man where can I start. This game has made me forget any other game out there (including BF4)...so many options and possibilities. After surviving a really intense firefight our squad made it out alive. We requested to be picked up and the nearest vehicle was a M939 truck I believe. We replenished our ammo and equipment and on our way to the next target our driver fell asleep and we all got killed in the crash...good times. WARNING: If you do not want to spend hours and hours playing do not buy.
game-hours: 232.6
review: This game is almost the perfect PC game (in my oppinion) however it would be great if the game ran a little bit better but apart from that you can mod the living  out of it and spend hundreds of hours playing the various life mods! 12/10 - ME :D
game-hours: 50.7
review: For me this was in my list of one of those legendary releases of 2013, this is a perfect game for an open-sandbox reaslitic military shooter and has numerous gamemodes instead of just being the typical army type first-person shooter where you just do a mission shoot and it's over. One thing is to make sure you have a great gaming rig because this is a very demanding game and is still going through some updates to increase optimization.
game-hours: 1270.7
review: for making the game more arcady then the previus ARMA 2 Game. While the controlls ware refined and improved. the graphial fadality is amazing. The game lacks in content. And optimization. A major issue being the fact that if the server host is experiancing 8 FPS. So will you. no matter how many nividia TITANS you rig together. And how many I7's you overclock to . While ArmA 3 is alot more complex. engaging. And immersive then olther tittles out there. Such As Carl On duty Black cops. And Battlefield. It is indeed a thinking mans game. Where map reading. Team co ordination. And communication are key. It does not acheve the level of immersion and simulation that ArmA 2 With mods such as ACE and ACRE acheive. I defenitly reccomand the game to newcommers to the arma series. But ArmA veterans may be dissapointed. To newcommers. ArmA arma allways had quite alot to take in. To learn. to unlearn things you are used to doing in first person shooters. It requires them to learn to use their compass to alert friendlies of contact. How to operate as a team. And even how to operate their weapon system in a proficent manner. Accounting for distance and target movement. But somethings will be new even to arma vets. Such things as the Stance Adjust system, And the awful arcady grenade throw. bound to G. To any arma 2 Vet trying to fiddle with his gear. Thats bad news.
game-hours: 54.1
review: AMAZING
game-hours: 168.3
review: This is an amazing game. king of the hill is a fun sector control game. but he cake is given to the Breaking Point Zombie Mod. At only a mod of a few months already better then Day Z SA.
game-hours: 168.6
review: This Game is Nothing But Amazing.... I Don't Have A Bad Word To Say About This Game... This Game is Even Better When Being Used To Play DayZ.... A Must Have For Any ArmA Fan
game-hours: 428.7
review: I recommend this game to all army fans out there, But 1 thing you have to keep in mind, VERY BIG GAME, You need a very good computer to run it. I warned you... Final rate on game= 9/10 (Needs more FPS) Community for this game is just FAN--TAS--TIC... Everyone is helpful and game Is heaven for TEAMWORK gameplay, Il be honest, I get the chills when I play it.. -- "Gives you Goose Bumps" -- -TyTomGaminG
game-hours: 1118.8
review: Arma 3 is probably one of the best games I've ever played. The graphics are amazing and the campaign is awesome. As for the multiplayer, it depends if you're good or not, but I still like it.
game-hours: 240.4
review: Is good game pls get
game-hours: 26.0
review: Great game, by far the most realistic looking army game out there !!
game-hours: 347.8
review: This game is amazing, and the mods make it so much better. If you are a fan of simulators (not like COD), please get this game now!
game-hours: 192.2
review: good game
game-hours: 437.5
review: Fantastic game Buy it Now !!!
game-hours: 1800.4
review: This game is amazing .. That is all I have to say about that .. IF you into games that allow no limits to what you can do with it .. Arma is the game for you. With Modding supported from the start of the game and really the core of arma. Spending 60 bucks on Arma is more then worth it. I have over 1000 hours now into the Arma series and have yet to play any of the campian that BI made. Most of my time has been into Mods like Dayz and Epoch. The Communtiy in Arma is amazing. Modders put their heart and soul into making content for this game. Arma 3 is a game you will for sure get over 5 years of content for free out of. It is a must buy for any Hardcore FPS player, Hardcore RPG player or any one into Mil Sim stuff.
game-hours: 19.5
review: Seriously, it's not your average Battlefield or Call of Duty shooter... FAR FROM! this is real war simulation what all possible factors included! If you want to wage war like a real soldier in life-like situations, this is a game for you. This game however has many different controls and doesn't exactly have a user-friendly control because you need to press multiple buttons mostly to even execute one action, apart from basic movement and such, but if you've ever played any other Bohemia Interactive game, you should already know that. other than these hard-to-master controls, this game is truely amazing, breathtaking, and even let's you use an editor for putting together your own missions. I personally like it for combat flight simulation.
game-hours: 46.4
review: Takes a beastly computer to run. -Professor Cow, PhD
game-hours: 181.7
review: I will admit a fun game, BUT DO NOT BUY NOW! Now for $60 and a lack of content this game does not deserve the cash. Especially since their already coming out with these DLC. Wait for the price to drop or for more things to be added. In addition you better have a beast computer
game-hours: 85.0
review: lags like hell but its still fun
game-hours: 1168.7
review: Best game ever !!! The best OFP you can find.
game-hours: 163.3
review: baum
game-hours: 537.0
review: -Spawn -Get in chopper -Get shot down by aimbot enemies -Repeat 10/10
game-hours: 455.2
review: This game is just awesome. Ppl may complain its too expensive, but they are rly wrong. For what an Arma game have and for what the community build for the game its a pretty cheap price you are paying. Expect to have hundreds of hours of gameplay, because you wont master all the skills necessary to enjoy the full content of the game in just 10 hours. This game is not for casual Players.
game-hours: 38.2
review: After recently playing a lot of Arma II, mainly on the game modes 'Island Life' and 'Wasteland' I decided that I absolutly must have this game, and when it went on sale this summer sale (2014) I snatched it up right away; and I can tell you I do not regret it a single bit! Wasteland is a little different to what I was used to on Arma II after only playing it for a short while but fun nethertheless, Zeus is where the game has really caught my attention! Read up on Zeus and give it a shot, you wont regret it if you want more depth to a shooter.
game-hours: 89.9
review: Life-like graphics and immersion would give any veteran ptsd. This game will turn anyone into a adrenaline junky instantly. The realistic gameplay and balistics are punishing, but at the same time very rewarding. This third installment of Bohemia's army simulator set in the near future on an existing island offers tactical gameplay and is enjoyed best playing in a squad. Although lone wolfing can be done your survival chances will be smaller. The base game includes access to multiplayer mods like Battle Royal, Wastelands, King of the Hill, Altis Life and Breaking Point. High replayability value and a mission editor for those who like scripting all makes Arma3 worth your money. Requires a mid-high end pc to run properly. The gameplay can be slow. Some mods don't run as well as others and suffer from desync. It has a few bugs and glitches, though nothing game breaking I've experienced so far. The movement can feel clunky and the controls/keybindings may take a while getting used to as there are just so many. I would reccomend Arma3 to anyone who enjoys a serious militairy simulator.
game-hours: 105.0
review: I've been waiting for a game like this my whole life without even knowning it. Quite possibly the best shooting game ever made.
game-hours: 407.1
review: YES
game-hours: 0.7
review: most realistic water ive seen
game-hours: 6.5
review: I drove a jeep for 10mins to get to where the fight was. Immediately after getting out of the jeep i died without even being able to fire a single shot. let alone spot the one that was shooting at me.
game-hours: 52.4
review: Lots of different game modes to keep you busy. it's all about that wasteland mod though
game-hours: 1373.8
review: Arma 3 is a game that is at its best with friends and well made community missions. -The single player campaign can be difficult for impatient players or someone who is generally "bad", but a "good" player will be able to get through it. -The ingame editor is what gives Arma games the ability to endure, and allows new missions to be made or for weapon testing. However some scripting knowledge (even if its basic) is needed for more dynamic missions. But for some people, 70% of their time may be here. -Multiplayer can be tricky if you can't find any descent servers to play on or don't know a single friend that is willing to play Arma often. -The graphics when set to low-standard quality will not look half as good as any other mainstream FPS, but a computer with a descent graphics card and good cpu will have no problem (unless you take the settings to the extreme). -The Upcoming DLCs and Expansion are hopefully going to add a nice amout of ingame content. -The modding community itself acts as a hub of occasionally quality addons. -Current problems that do still exist in Arma 3 however, area the AI; environmental damage physics; and a lack of diversity in each factions arsenal. -Some pluses for the game are (as mentioned): the communities divotion to the series, the only other game I've personally seen with such a dedicated modding base recently is Skyrim. Another one of the points towards Arma 3 is the maps, not only are they massive in comparision to stock military games, but they also have similar amounts of detail where the developers saw fit. Finally, despite the occasional AI issues, the game really does give players a different experience everytime (once my friend and I fought valiantly against overwhelming odds and lost, we played again and won, again we got wiped immediatly, and again we saw the AI flip their IFV over which was funny (all on the same mission "Combined Arms")). *Old (Currently, Arma 3 is a 7/10 but depending on Bohemia's roadmap, Arma 'could' end with a 9/10.) *New; After Bootcamp and with the Helicopters DLC about to be released (not to mention the Make Arma Not War entries) so far the game is moving along and becoming better as was intended and my score for it has risen from 7/10 to a 8/10.
game-hours: 42.2
review: You Couldn't even run this with the matrix.
game-hours: 328.5
review: Great game for friends to play together with.
game-hours: 231.6
review: My initial review said that ArmA 3 would be a great game by late 2014 when more mods and content were released. I am glad to say that this became true several months before I expected. Between the incredible Zeus game mode (an on-the-fly mission creator) and excellent mods like Advanced Gameplay Mod, Task Force Radio and ALiVE this is one of the best co-op games available. You will need at least 4-5 people to really have fun in multiplayer, but there's really no other game that offers what ArmA does.
game-hours: 511.8
review: This game is a perfect choice for those who love themselves military simulators. While this game does have it's downfalls, AKA it's glitches, they however, are not game breaking. Slow paced gameplay but not so slow as to get boring. I recommend that if you can find a clan, group, or server that is great and lots of fun, stick with it.
game-hours: 117.8
review: mie favrit aminal iz carut... mie favrit gaim iz dis
game-hours: 21.9
review: This game is very intertaining. You can have lots of fun by playing the campaign or online. I find the best thing to playis the mod breaking point. This is a dayz like game that has a lot less problems. You can pick a faction each time you die and respawn.
game-hours: 52.2
review: great game
game-hours: 459.0
review: I have to say, This game is dam realistic :), AND PERFECT! even without that mod called DayZ
game-hours: 161.0
review: Amazzing but need a good PC . :3
game-hours: 929.2
review: Arma 3 is an amazing game but right now im having trouble with the workshop so if you buy the game and no workshop shows up its a problem with steam not arma
game-hours: 40.6
review: Pretty good, I mean I jumped off a crate and broke both my legs but great experience.
game-hours: 286.3
review: Do you love 10 FPS? Do you love bushes that can blow up trucks? Do you love buying DLC that is overpriced? THEN THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU! Welcome to Arma 3 a game that can give you hours of fun while making you ask yourself why you paid $60 for the game and $15 for the DLC. This game will give you so many funny memory about how you drive on a rockwall with a tank and exploded and hit a bush with a truck and your wheel broke. I have a top of the line graphics card, processor, and internet but I still can't paly this game on high/ultra and get about 25 FPS. Best war simulator 2014.
game-hours: 25.2
review: So within 5 minutes of playing the game I was approached by a player named "Megatron" who offered me and my friend cocaine and $1,000. While high on cocaine a masked man came up and killed my friend. Then some awesome medic in a helicopter revived him. Shortly after someone kidnapped my friend and killed him while prenting to masterbate. I'm hooked.
game-hours: 1278.8
review: BOSS, End of story
game-hours: 453.5
review: Well, being a veteran of this game, with over 430 hours on end, I can proudly say, this game awesome. So much to do, guns to shoot, vehicals to drive, vehicals to FLY, and items to wear and use. I do remember my very first time ever playing, I booted up the game into altis life, and as I sat on the porch of my home, I watched as a police officer arrested 4 men in their underwear. As they all kept screaming "APD (altis police department) IS ILLUMINATI". And as the officers kept repeating "NO WE ARENT SCRUBS". As I progressed through the game, discovering new modes, maps, missions, and more, I grew a liking to king of the hill, me and my buddies would roleplay it so hard. We would sprint through the all out war field, wondering if we would make it out alive, as my head medic, takes a sniper round to the leg, and hits the ground. I looked to the sky, making sure it was clear, I saw an enemy parchuting to the ground, obviously ready to kill us, I raised my rifle, and shot, and I watched him fall to the ground, dead. I read the kill feed "Jesus Christ was killed by Moist Potatos". My team yelled "YOU KILLED JESUS! RIGHT OUT OF THE SKY!" I advanced to my wounded soldier, and I stated "youll be okay, its just one shot". He looked me in the eye, and said, "its okay boss, its my time, let me go in peace". As my eyes began to water, and drip, I told him I would fill his request, and I clicked, "Cancel Revive". The water from my eyes splashed onto the keyboard, my palms began to sweat, and I became shaky, I yelled to my team to keep going to the objective, and I laied down next to my dead medic, and waited for the sniper round to hit, me. As the bullet landed right in my head, I went happy, I did not regret my choice. As I respawned, and I saw my medic standing at the base, I cried, again, and shot that little mother f*cker for not getting revived. So, he shot me, and I got mad, and force shut down my computer. Ill never forget that game. The game my medic puss*ed out, and turned into a lil b*tch. Ill always smile when I think of that. 11/10, this game deserves a bigger fan base than it has, it is SO worth it. Not tired of it after all these hours. Buy it.
game-hours: 79.4
review: Arma 3 is bae.
game-hours: 199.1
review: Fun Fun and more Fun get a play with me !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 481.8
review: this game is increidle amounts of fun and with the amount of stuff enjoy this openworld mmo thats literallly kept me occcpuyed for 2 months
game-hours: 0.3
review: TANGO DOWN
game-hours: 61.5
review: very good five out of 7 stars
game-hours: 27.5
review: This game is amazing! If you've played Arma 2 then you know what Arma is all about. If you havent then let me enlighten you. The Arma series is a 3rd and 1st person combat simulator with unlimited game modes such as Breakingpoint, Dayz, Altis Life, and normal seize and secure objective missions. Jump in with millions of players and experience realism like never before. And for all the fans of Call of Duty and the Battlefield Franchise your in luck because this game has campain for you to enjoy with no 360 no scope . Strategize, Compromise, and Defeat your enemies one by one in this tactically realistic military simulator. Worth every penny!
game-hours: 87.6
review: Yes.
game-hours: 228.0
review: When i die im getting plugged into this game
game-hours: 102.5
review: I've been playing this quite a bit... it's really pretty awesome. If you like Arma 2 you can't go wrong. It fixed so many things that were wrong. Inventory system is great now. Movement and aiming aren't clunky anymore. And it has Steam Workshop, which is awesome. It's worth buying. I got it on sale but I'd gladly pay $60 for it.
game-hours: 44.1
review: great game.
game-hours: 162.8
review: Severely underated game. Even with it's growing popularity, it's still overlooked by many many people. Trying to get my friends to play it is a chore, probably because they're too pansy to make any effort to get through the learning curve.
game-hours: 117.7
review: Best War Sim Out There As Of Forever Ago And Forever On!!
game-hours: 761.9
review: One of the best FPS games I have ever played!
game-hours: 38.6
review: While it may have its fair share of bugs it's still a great game. 10/10 would stick in pants.
game-hours: 25.9
review: This game is really fun with alta life and wasteland plus breaking point makes it worth it alone.. plus i got it when it was on sale for $35 ^_^
game-hours: 895.3
review: great game
game-hours: 568.6
review: I have put in over a hundred hours into ArmA 3, and I have enjoyed every single one of them, because GOD THIS GAME IS ING FANTASTIC. Nuff said...
game-hours: 264.7
review: If say you like call of duty, straight into some action, then probably not the game for you, however, forget this game's campaign and clunky  controls and go to the multiplayer, give say an "invade and annex" server a try, trust me, if you are to just follow a group of players, you are bound to have some of the best moments in your gaming life so far.
game-hours: 26.4
review: Absolutely astonishing gameplay, backed up by a great community. I also highly recommend Breaking Point (So you can play it with me.)
game-hours: 122.8
review: It's like Skyrim with a bigger map
game-hours: 140.5
review: Other than the few glitches and bugs, this game is about the best simulator I have ever played. ITS YOUR CALL! YOU CAN PLAY IT SERIOUS such as RPG servers or even for fun such as Stratis-Altis- Life. The mods available are very fun and diverse! Top NOTCH!
game-hours: 910.5
review: This game is so amazing, thats all i have to say.
game-hours: 20.1
review: get this
game-hours: 299.6
review: Macht richtig Spa, vorallem dass man im Editor erstellte missionen ganz einfach mit seinene Freunden spielen kann.
game-hours: 542.8
review: After 200 hours into this game and playing in the aplha i would still reccomend arma 2 there isnt as much in arma 3 as its counterpart way more items in arma 2
game-hours: 570.0
review: Arma3 I must say is ummmm... Lets start over, Arma3 is a well thought out game by far. The mods are wonderful and most of the time you can't go to sleep after logging on :). My opinion. I believe with a little more optpmizing on server side/ Company side this game could not be beat out by any other game on the market. Arma3 is a mix of things. If you want fast paced. BAM - ARMA3 If you want slow paced. BAM -ARMA3 If you want great and releastic gun fights/military simulated. BAM - ARMA3 If you want a very minimum amount of hackers (as in I have encountered 0, YES 0 in 258 hours time played. Then BAM -ARMA3 If you want great AI encounters. BAM - ARMA3 Want to pick from many different mod's... Epoch, Battleroyale, Altis Life RP, Wasteland, King oh the hill, choose what you like best. Choppers, military vehicles, awsome guns, what more can you want.. oh yea 1000000 FPS :P A few negatives are the bugs. 1. Dying randomly from stairs, getting in vehicles, falling 5 feet, falling 2 feet, running to fast :P, 2. vehicles blowing up for no reason, blowing up in garages from spawning in diferent directinons. 3. umm nothing else i guess :) Arma3 I would by far recommend to any and everyone my first hour of gameplay I quit, uninstalled and did not try again for 4 months. Well then I was hooked. As long as you can run it due to the optimization your good to go, Hopefully in the future the updates will get pushed faster and less bugs but that wont stop me. Give it a try you wont regret it.
game-hours: 813.6
review: i love this game mods are the best way to make this game one of the best
game-hours: 24.2
review: Rear view mirrors actually show whats behind you. 11/10
game-hours: 34.1
review: This Game... OMG Altis life is one of the best parts of the game. You and your friends doing jobs such as: Cocaine, Heroin, Weed, Diamond, Oil and Iron jobs and much more. Then going out to be a Rebel or be a Cop or just a normal Civilian. Me and my 3 friends are enjoying this game ALOT. And you will aswell. And if you dont want to play Altis, then you can also play the Campaign and that is really fun aswell, im not a big fan of it but you might be. This game is for every guy who likes the realistic military gameplay and realistic gameplay like the real world. You can also get the DayZ mod and the Battle Royale mod. I havent tried the DayZ Yet but the Battle Royale is REALLY good. Its a great mod and it should get into the game itself instead of being a mod that you can download. But this game is really all the money worth.
game-hours: 451.3
review: A great game -- if you can get past the bugs, of which there are plenty. I'd have to argue, however, that this is one of the most fun games on steam. The mission possibilities are literally endless. The people that play it -- well, you get used to them. I can't wait for the snipers dlc, I'll be buying it as soon as it comes out. This is the most realistic game I've ever played, and if you like military simulators, you're going to love ArmA 3!
game-hours: 109.3
review: Arma 3 is an awesome, intense and realistic shooter ( besides the fact that you run for 10 seconds and then your character starts to waddle around) 8/10
game-hours: 43.5
review: Hmm, I don't wanna say this but your DLC so f***ing expensive. 14 Dollar for 2 helicopters? are you f***ing serious? I can't use Mini Gun in helicopter 'cause don't have DLC, what the f*** is this? but gameplay not so bad. I got a sniper I see bipod when I'll use it. "Buy DLC Marksman" are you f***ing serious? I bought it 59.99 Dollar. I'll buy this helicopters? 14 Dollar? it's in your dream Bohemia.
game-hours: 9.5
review: Great game.
game-hours: 211.2
review: Great game very tactical.
game-hours: 932.7
review: I had a friend gift me Arma 3 and I always wanted to play it. Despite all of the negativity some people give it I enjoy the game myself. There is so much you can do in Arma 3 that sometimes it is hard to name them all. Having 893+ hours I think it is safe to say I would recommend to anybody. From super serious to very calm game modes Arma has it all. If you choose to get Arma3, see you on the battlefield.
game-hours: 45.0
review: Me and one of my friends are playing on a Insurgency Startis server when is heli goes down. I get sent out on a rescue mission when my chopper, which is flying over him, gets hit by Anti-Air and goes down hard. He comes over and revies me only to relise that we are right next to an enemy base with a MORA circiling it. We manged to take the zone only left with the MORA still rolling. My friend picks up a launcher with only one rocket. "Make it count" I say. He misses. The MORA turns and sees us then we scatter. Behind the MORA was a Offroader with a machien gun mounted on the back, which we imediatly run for, relising its our only chance. We make it. I drive while my friend shoots all the while the MORA is chasing us. Bullets are flying in all directions. We finnaly lose the MORA and end up in the AO, Agios Efstratios. Im driving with my friend on the outskirts of town when we get blow up. By four IED's. I die but my friend lives. We then come under motor fire, my friend still somehow, alive. He revives me and make it across town. We've captured the AO and everyone on the servers celebrating, except or OPFOR. One of them snipes my friend in the back. while the sniper reloads, I fireman carry him over a hill under cover. I patch him up and we rain motor fire all over the city. 9/10 would swim with fishes again.
game-hours: 358.5
review: Epoch. Should I say more?
game-hours: 40.8
review: Well i die all the time.
game-hours: 394.1
review: Arma is the most impressive, ambitious, challenging, and rewarding game I have ever played. Arma is best enjoyed with friends (and Teamspeak). The mod community is outstanding, and our clan has really gotten into map/scenario-making. If you are new to Arma, I'd recommend first hopping in to a King of the Hill (Hostile Takeover is pretty good). You can "lonewolf" it by casually moving with teammates; you can take the next step and ask if someone has an in-game group going and move with them; you can take the greatest (and most rewarding) step and join a group in teamspeak. Feel free to reach out to me, personally, for tips OR if you'd like to play with our community:
game-hours: 990.8
review: An infinite playground. Feel like some competition play? Boot up multiplayer and hop on Wasteland or TDM matches. Scenario play? Join one of the massive missions kicking around online. Extremely cool and unique singleplayer experiences? Hop on Steam Workshop and get one of the top rated missions. Want to goof around with your friends? Fire up a co-op mission. There's no game that offers you this much flexibility and this much room to stretch out in. If you're an ArmA vet, you know this already. Unlike the previous ArmA games though, despite some bugs, it's not completely inaccessible to the public. The server system is incredibly easy to use. Steam integration is fantastic. The player models and controls don't feel like operating heavy machinery (except when you're operating heavy machinery). Infantry controls are fluid. Helicopters take time to master but are a joy once you do. Tanks and armored vehicles are appropriately weighty (if a little low on torque and climbing power at times... I often wish I had manual gearboxes). Play ArmA III. You'll have a lot of fun.
game-hours: 28.8
review: Oculus Rift, Sound Proof headphones, top of the line gaming rig. So real I wake up swinging and scrambling for my rifle every morning. 11/10 would PTSD again.
game-hours: 199.9
review: This is one of those games that is VERY HARD. (thats what she said). But anywho this game is worth it. No only is it every going to cease to be fun, but it has infinte replayabliaty. Only 1 con is that the weapon sway is hard to get use to. 9/10
game-hours: 35.0
review: this is really great game the graphics are sexy playing with your friends is mad banter yep what more do you want?
game-hours: 2641.4
review: I bought the game for Altis Life and I have never looked back.
game-hours: 67.1
review: Very fun if you like RPG and Hunger games. ( Atlis Life RPG, Battle Royale hungergames)
game-hours: 73.0
review: BEST.GAME.EVER.
game-hours: 162.3
review: Good game, But min requirements are a ing JOKE! my pc out specs the recomended, and my friends out specs mine and i can bearly get 10 Fps on any server. and he has issues with 20 fps. Please Optimize your damn game! i cant even play this anymore!! when it first came to alpha on steam i had easy the 60fps i wanted! i had not an issue with the game at all THEN it got ing rushed to release and all the FETAURES that should come with the Game are PAID Dlc, 16$ dollars For 2 ING helos? Gawd damn! What is this ing EA? and Sims? What next? Running DLC? where you cannot run without the DLC? jezzzus. Please fix this damn game or refund my ing 60$! - I do recomend this game, but take this as a warning! its fun, and nice to play, but Please Steal an Alien Space Craft from Area 51 if you want anything over 8 FPS. - for those who ask about PC spec's. I can handle Bf4 Maxed 120 Fps. and such on other games. i have an AMD processor and Graphics card.
game-hours: 603.9
review: I Love this game its good graphics and addicting
game-hours: 10.9
review: i love this game
game-hours: 292.7
review: Great game which offer you the possibility of doing what ever you want to do. Plus the amount of mods in this game is amazing. But you'll need friends because solo isn't funny.
game-hours: 327.4
review: [10/10] Fantastic Game! Altis Life! Hours of fun! A great sequel to Arma II!
game-hours: 63.1
review: Spend 40 minutes just to form a group with some guys to attack the enemy base and then my computer turned off. 11/10 would play again to do the mission again :D
game-hours: 94.8
review: Great
game-hours: 150.2
review: Most if not all reviews of this game took place before they had a campaign, workshop support, and Zeus. I love this game... Thats all i have to say.
game-hours: 1936.7
review: my favorite shooter so much to do and learn its awsome SP pretty good aswel much better MP with a good team and a optimised map/mission
game-hours: 532.4
review: The newest installment in the Arma series has shown itself to be capable of becoming a valid successor to itself. The new features in this game can make an interesting urban firefight into a strategic and well-thought out plan. In Arma 2, there were very little options for infantry mobility, in Arma 3, consider that no problem. Enhanced moving capabilities make popping in and out of cover much more intuitive and conveinent than in Arma 2. Arma 3 is rapid growing game, with a lot of different gamemodes too. Worth every penny.
game-hours: 277.2
review: Great game with endless possibilities
game-hours: 798.0
review: Lots of fun to be had ;)
game-hours: 201.3
review: This game is total sweets
game-hours: 579.0
review: This is undoubtably my favorite game ever. This game IS NOT like arma 2! This game is not so realistic, that when you play it, your head wants to explode. This game is basically a more realistic battlefield 4. But if for some reason, you get bored of all of the combat and explosions in the normal game, try some altis life or maybe some wasteland! The final thing I want to say is, I would buy this game over any game in 41 game library (PERIOD!)
game-hours: 25.1
review: dis game googd
game-hours: 29.0
review: For those who have doubt about Arma 3 because of the instability and glitchiness of Arma 2 rest assured, Arma 3 is very well optimised and way more stable, I had doubts but thanks to the free weekend I now know that it won't make my computer swoon. Also it's a ton of fun by the way.
game-hours: 50.7
review: this game is just to good
game-hours: 1669.3
review: .
game-hours: 221.0
review: awesome game! so addictive
game-hours: 30.4
review: As always for every single ARMA game the engine is terrible, the real selling point is the community mods that have been made.
game-hours: 370.9
review: Only shooting game in my library that doesn't make me rage when I die. Because in this game, death can be fun as well. Weird thing to say I know, but when a new pilot takes 20 minutes to get you in the AO then lands the chopper you feel so excited for him only a moment later an enemy aircraft bombs the chopper and your entire squad. I personally can't do nothing but laugh when this happens. :D 10/10 Restored my faith in Bohemia Interactive.
game-hours: 298.7
review: great game!
game-hours: 48.1
review: Good game maybe a little work but i see a lot of mods being made in futrue.
game-hours: 12.5
review: this game is epic gooby... breaking point
game-hours: 29.6
review: This game is like being underwater. But the water has been replaced by feelings of isolation, claustrophobia and bullets. Bullets hatefully fired at your face by nameless and unseen minions. And these bullets don't stop. Until you stop...moving.
game-hours: 332.1
review: yes good yes
game-hours: 583.2
review: This is the best military simulation game that there is.
game-hours: 717.8
review: ArmA 3 is an amazing Military Simulator that treads a line between ultra Realism and Arcade shooter. While the strange controls and not so eazy to adapt to type of tactics may seem intimitdating. Dont let that put you off. this is an amazing game. with a very powerful editor and tons of multiplayer and singleplayer scenarios on the workshop and with the game you will have a lot of fun. there is no campaign and not too many vehicles compared to the last game currently. But the devs behind this awesome game have let us know these will come in due time. (I hope they still put in Capture the Island)
game-hours: 333.9
review: Best Army Simulation in entire time then ill play games...wery nice work :)
game-hours: 226.9
review: Altis is love, altis is life  11/10
game-hours: 471.0
review: All wars should be fought on ARMA.
game-hours: 138.8
review: I shot a 120mm round at a guys knee... I never saw him again 10/10 would recommend
game-hours: 277.9
review: It could use some more content and an introduction to modding without having to go through endless forum threads, but it's a pretty solid game... probably the most fun game I've ever played. Once you get past the learning curve, it's really an amazing experience.
game-hours: 760.0
review: 10/10
game-hours: 39.8
review: Best Arma yet
game-hours: 178.7
review: Welcome to the best military simulator of all time, how??? I here you ask. Because unlike COD and BF4 you dont sponge a bullet to the face!!!!!!!
game-hours: 94.8
review: So real I got PTSD
game-hours: 19.2
review: Arma 2 - Failed college and became obese. Arma 3 - Failed my life.
game-hours: 83.2
review: Let's get something straight right away: I HATE shooters. I've always been the type of guy who likes RPGs and fantasy/sci-fi games. For me, shooters are just too, how to say this, similar for me. Sure, when you first play a shooter you feel engaged in this world where the battlefield comes to life and every action could have an equal and opposite (i.e. death) reaction: it's really fun. But, as I played more and more shooters, they all started to blend together: play the campaign that involves either terrorists in the Middle-East, Russia vs. America, or a black op gone rouge, and once you're completely bored with that, spend hours on end in the multiplayer. There wasn't that exploration, decisions (in regard to gear and strategy), or overall autonomy that many RPGs offered. Then, I found Arma II. This was one shooter that I absolutely loved, and I easily poured hours into it. The fact you could tackle any mission with any strategy (even going in with no combat appearel), find a server devoted to almost anything (i.e. DayZ, Chenarus Life), and the variety of missions all entranced me, but the main seller for me was the content creator. Never before in ANY game had I been able to create what I wanted to at a moment's notice. Found a mission in the campaign to be unsatisfactory? Just create your own better rendition of it, or even your own original idea from scratch. I had spent days in-game, and when Arma III was announced, you can bet that it was an instant seller for me. When I got it for $60, I was awed by the improved graphics, more introducable interface in the creator, and Workshop content that was amazing. For the first time in a while, I felt as the battlefield had come alive, and every choice I made had dire consequences. It was like I had played a shooter for the first time, which is a magical feeling. Sure, the campaign may be run-of-the-mill, but you can always make your own mission or even campaign. I do have complaints about some of the physics and glitches, but (1. It does its job, and (2. The game has to load a minumun of 17+ spuare kilometres. In comparison, Grand Theft Auto V had a world size of about 32 miles at most. Arma III's biggest map is 270 km for Pete's sake! I'd be suprised if the game only had twenty known glitches. All in all, Arma III is worth more than what you pay for it, and is definitely head-and-shoulders above Call of Duty and Battlefield. I saw a picture on the internet that sums up my feelings: "Command a soldier (image of COD), Command a squad (image of BFF), or command an army or squad or soldier (image of Arma III)". Too whoever posted that picture: I deeply concur with you!
game-hours: 205.4
review: This game is breath-taking, whether you like fast-paced gunfights, long-range sniper duels, monster-trucking it with M1A2 Slammer tanks, playing Ace Combat with incredibly fluid movement, raiding a small outpost of hostile forces with a attack helicopter, playing a role in week long, server-wide wars, doing night raids on an enemy research facility, setting up a UAV to perform reconnissance on enemy camps, packing your scuba gear and checking out the lost treasures of Altis and Stratis, or just hopping in a plane and enjoying the wide, vast, beauty of this game! ArmA 3 really dominates the "realistic, military, video game/simulator" genre. Combine some wicked creativity with ArmA 3's mission editor mode and you can create your own missions and scenarios. In the past people have used this to make their own additions to the game, such as new weapons, vehicles, clothing, and even entire maps! ArmA 3's customization is endless and will keep you constantly changing guns, attachments for them, and other equipment to match the situation your in. If you feel like playing solo, ArmA 3 has totally revamped its Campaign mode to keep the player's attention and actually immerse you in the ArmA universe, or forget the single-player all together and go play good cop-bad cop on Altis Life, a user created gamemode, or blowing up tanks and getting in random firefights with other players in Wasteland, also a user-created gamemode. If none of this satisfies you, then you can always just build your own mission, so that you and your own private team can go and enjoy a experience that I guarntee you is as close as you'll get to war before enlisting!
game-hours: 139.9
review: Now Arma 3 is a awesome game but were here to talk about more than the fact its awesome, Graphics are amazing well the way i can run it, Arma 3 can bring someone's FPS to -100 depending on your comp. so if it is lagging i highly suggest you lower the settings down ALOT. What can you do on Arma 3: You can do Atlis Life (Alot of Role play, it has a bank and cops so there you go), Battle Royale (Hunger Games but in Arma 3), Dayz Brecking point (Arma 3 Dayz Mod) Now about brecking point its a pain just to login to it so i suggest you play Atlis life and Battle Royale, And it is a 1rst/3rd person shooter i rather allways be in 3rd person for certin reason's that im not gonna disscuss. There is alot more gamemodes but those are my things. Is it worth the money, Depending on your comp. Yes As allways my rateing for this game is 10/10 REMEMBER THIS IS ALL MY OPION SO DO NOT THINK ITS ALL HERE. THANKS FOR YOUR TIME
game-hours: 220.7
review: as an arma veteran, i personally recommend this game to anyone who likes the arma series.
game-hours: 23.2
review: awesome sim. many servers are still under development but it feels very real to play the game.
game-hours: 418.8
review: Awesome game, for what it is designed for. ARMA is a military simulator. And that brings good and bad things. You can't go guns blazing everywhere like you would in CoD. Get shot 2-3 times, you're dead. That's it. Your tank gets hit by a single missile? You're dead. You get sniped from a mile away by someone hiding in the bushes? You're dead. This game aims for realism, and it definitely achieves that. Buy this game knowing that it is very different than typical FPS shooters, but it is so much better in so many ways. The tactical abilities of your soldier, the controls to move your soldier, the gameplay with your friends and THE MODS THAT ARE CREATED ARE AMAZING. The mods seriously make this game come alive. This is a great game. Different from other shooters because it's in its own category.
game-hours: 31.7
review: I got lost in the middle of the ing desert and got electrified by Zeus with dead clones of me by my side. 10/10 Best game since Go! Go! Nippon: My First Trip to Japan.
game-hours: 109.9
review: Noice
game-hours: 2050.6
review: I only played a little bit. Made my own planes, helicopters and stuff :P
game-hours: 113.8
review: good game overall.
game-hours: 508.4
review: This game is goooooooooooooooooooooods
game-hours: 257.4
review: dis gayme remind me of de poon tang
game-hours: 110.1
review: Arma 3 is an amazing game! This game is great for anyone who likes shooters or RP games. This game is one of the best first person/3rd person games I have ever played. I have played Arma 2 and I have to say Arma 3 is so much better than Arma 2. The only problems about this games that really game to my attention is... First off glitches, they're not too bad but they can get annoying every now and then. Also servers is a big problem, there aren't many servers out there for a variety of gamemodes, the ones that I commonly see is Deathmatch or Battle Royale, Breakingpoint, King Of The Hill, and some others, but other than that this game is really fun and an enjoyable experience for players that are new or old to the 1st/3rd person shooter genre. I really recommend you get this game, especially if you're coming from Arma 2 or even Battlefield. Thanks! I hope I helped you out!
game-hours: 480.0
review: We seriouslly dont need any explanation for this series. Simply amazing and with the help of the community this get better every day, Steam workshop is a dream come true for the Arma series as it just make the game everlasting. From casual to hadrcore sim style gameplay, it is all here. Why have you not bought this already :)
game-hours: 1257.0
review: Arma 3 is an awesome game that I play often
game-hours: 309.9
review: Great game! Well worth the money.
game-hours: 563.1
review: if you like tactical military simulation genre, buy this, try to explore arma world like altis life, wasteland, and many more cant stop play without it 11/10
game-hours: 614.8
review: Greaat game
game-hours: 559.7
review: 235+ Hours of awesomeness
game-hours: 431.8
review: IS GOOD BUY NOW
game-hours: 551.7
review: good game iwth weapon resting mod. i got aids and lived to tel l this tale,
game-hours: 148.5
review: WAR IS HELL. This game is so real its scary. 12/10 #swag
game-hours: 52.7
review: Arma is how my hubby convinced me to join the PC gaming community. Couldn't say enough good about it! Can't wait to see how it evolves over the next few years. :)
game-hours: 342.4
review: Definitiv mein Lieblingsspiel fr das Jahr 2013
game-hours: 2277.4
review: da best
game-hours: 49.5
review: Arma 3 is arguably the single most realistic and immersive experience you can find today. It took me quite a while to get it running well, however after its up and running you wont be able to put it down. The maps are insanely huge, allowing for intense tactics. The realism of the guns is where this game really shines. while some may complain that the kick is not entirely realistic you have to adjust the sights for distance. If you get shot even once you will either be dead or have an injury such as a broken leg which only allows you to walk. Overall this game is a 9.5/10. aside from some performance issues this game is nothing short of amazing
game-hours: 1077.8
review: Basicly the best game ever made.
game-hours: 9.3
review: Great war simulation game ! I recommend it to all people who loves real action combat, but you might need a decent config for it.
game-hours: 330.2
review: This Game is the Best military simulation games, and the best multiplayer gameplay i have played so far. HIGHLY RECOMENDED
game-hours: 108.2
review: Love all the mods, it's incredible how many scenarios you can be involved in.
game-hours: 164.8
review: I am yet to find a more realistic shooter on the market, this game offers tremendous entertainment. Conduct multiplayer operations online or with friends, or play special operations missions in the singleplayer mode with massive upgrades from the previous installment of the series. I don't recomend the game, buy it. Now.
game-hours: 570.2
review: This game is a must have if you like MilSim. It is very realistic, and has a great community. Wasteland is for those who enjoy killing everyone in sight even if they are wearing the same camo. Deathmatch is meh. CoOp Missions are some of the best game modes. If you are new to the series, check this out, The controls are a little strange at first, but you will grow to love them.
game-hours: 562.4
review: One of the best me game :)
game-hours: 106.2
review: This is such a great tactical game. You get to play with players that want to play the game as if it was in real life, so you get a truly great simulator expeirience. DO I RECOMEND? YES!!
game-hours: 95.6
review: So the campaign is complete. A lot of folks are still having the BF4 or A3 discussion (argument). Here's what I found. A3 is not without its faults. One of the biggest apects of the game is that it's aimed at the "thinker". What I mean by that is that you have endless ways to achieve your goals, but yes in being a milsim you can be taken out by a lucky shot from a guy you never saw (with pinpoint AI targeting) from 500yrds away. For some folks that's the heart of endless frustration and this is not the game for you. BF4 shouldn't be bashed either, it's simply for a group of folks that want action and eye candy - and it delivers on both of those in spades. A3 has amazing visuals in my opinion, yet they are harder to appreciate because so much tweaking is required to get decent FPS while keeping some of the visual goodies. It's the fact that A3 is ridiculously hard sometimes, and requires a huge time investment compared to most games, that make it so satisfying when everything finally goes right. A3 gives you a sense of accomplishment like no other when everything hits the fan and you (or your teammates) quick thinking pays off for a win. Being able to jump into almost any vehicle or aircraft leave you feeling that you can be the ultimate ____________ (tank driver, helo pilot, fixed wing ace etc...). Yes BF4 has some of these components, but delivered in a completely different way. Run, gun, get shot a bunch of times, hide, heal, and do it over again. And that's completely ok if that's you're style of gameplay and what you enjoy. A3 plan, plan, plan some more, cross a huge amount of terrain that can literally take hours on foot, and get shot by a dude you never saw, or...) make the hard win. You will dump huge amounts of time into A3 to be decent at it (plenty of folks don't have that kind of time to commit). BF4 get on..play for a match or two and leave if you want. BF4 has some great DLC's the latest carrier edition looks awesome. A3 has mod...after mod...after mod. With a workshop full of missions (horrible to great), plus a community that's pretty engaging and helpful. For me it's A3 all the way!
game-hours: 545.5
review: Great MilSim game, cant wait to see it expand and grow into something much bigger!
game-hours: 211.8
review: Where to start, ok on whole Bohemia games are just that little bit more special than most other games. The reason is not that they have the greatest graphics or smoothest game play, infact if you was judging their games on that alone then i wouldnt be writing a positive review. No the great thing ( and i used the word great as that is what Bohemia do ) about the games made by this Indie company have a very realistic feel to them. Granted Arma3 compared to previous Arma releases is way out infront iin the graphics stakes, but as i have already said, there is so much more to the Arma series than just graphics alone. Some of the mods made for them have gone on to be legends ( or rather A LEGEND ) in its own right. But even if you end up buying Arma 3 and never adding a mod to it, it is still worth every penny that your going to spend. I think its fair to say that these days spending under forty english pounds on entertainment wont get you much, Arma 3 breaks that trend. You will get hour after hour, day after day and if your not careful month after month of realistic heart pumping excitement from this game. Infact calling any of the Arma series a game is not doing it justice. Arma is not only entertainment its something a little bit special. If your at College i suggest not purchasing this until you are on a break, if you have a fulltime job then maybe now is the time to use those days off you are owed. And if you have a partner then tell them you think you should have a break for a while. YES IT REALLY IS THAT GOOD.
game-hours: 170.6
review: Poor optimization but overall very good game
game-hours: 421.3
review: i love this game#robin
game-hours: 459.4
review: The Campaign: Firstly, I must address the "campaign" in this game. I have finally bit the bullet and played it. I did not enjoy it for a single second. The AI seems to be 10x smarter within the campaign. You would think this is a good thing because it would pose more of a challenge, but no, this is not the case. The AI seems to have X-RAY, Aimbot, and Sixth sense all in one. At times I am completely hidden and they will spot me instantly, not missing a single bullet and kill me within seconds. The First mission of Adapt is by far the worst thing Bohemia has ever created. You are one man vs. over 40 foot soldiers and 1 annoying chopper. You can pick up ammo from dead bodies that are generously placed about the map, but that won't do you any good once you are getting shot from every single spot you could possibly imagine. I cannot fathom Bohemia Interactive's thought process behind this thing they have the audacity to call a "Campaign". I advise anyone to steer clear of it if you ever decide to give it a go. Its not worth the 5 hours you will put into it. I regret every second. -- The Editor: By far the best thing about ARMA 3. Being able to put your own spin on the game creating the missions you want to play. Just a little note: ANY user made campaign is better than Bohemia Interactives "Campaign." The editor is what has led to me putting over 200 hours into this game; Its so fun to create a scenario to play your way. If you have a desire to create your own missions and even campaigns, ARMA 3 is the game for you. It does have a bit of a learning curve if you want to add tasks, complex waypoints, your own music, etc. -- The Multiplayer: I have also put a huge chunk of time playing the multiplayer. Whether its the ANNEX mission, or Wasteland, the muliplayer of ARMA 3 offers so much to do. The multiplayer is one of ARMA 3s best features. You can play online with I would say over 50 people at times on the vast 100km+ Altis and Stratis. Depending on the mission/game mode you play, you can easily waste away 20 hours a week on the multiplayer. -- Graphics: This game has beautiful graphics. An enormous improvement over its predecessor, ARMA 3 has luscious environments. Whether its at the depths of the ocean floor, or running up to the nearest hill, ARMA 3 has amazing graphics that you will notice straight away. The maps are so detailed and colorful with plentiful vegetation that makes the huge map of Stratis and Altis feel alive. Realism: This game is the best Military shooter to date. If you are an avid fan of Call of Duty/Battlefield, this game is no where near comparable. Its aimed to be the most realistic military sim in the market. -- -- Overall: I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys military simulators and doesn't mind a shooter being slow paced. This game requires a lot of patience. My final verdict is 8/10. This game is way better than its predecessors but still lacks a lot of things.
game-hours: 1171.1
review: great combat sim be it as infantry or pilot, big platform, beautiful engine, lots of mods, different MP gameplays, great community, lots of sleepless nights when conducting large organized warfares it's the closest sim to real life, u either love it or hate it - there is no in between ;)
game-hours: 157.5
review: the most realistic army simulator/game of all time SCREW COD
game-hours: 326.3
review: I find ArmA 3 to be one of the best all round games out there right now, with the fact that you can Role-Play, fight in a war, race cars, ext. I have really been found to love this game for all of the features. I %100 think you should get this game.
game-hours: 3252.8
review: A awesome step up from arma 2 with better graphics and a more intutive interface with more advance servers. Overall a great game to buy if you like military simulations or simulations in general. I would give the game a 8/10.
game-hours: 18.6
review: This is the dogs nads....
game-hours: 91.3
review: this is the best game i ever played
game-hours: 349.4
review: i think this might be the most realistic war game i have ever played :)
game-hours: 76.2
review: If you like getting killed in one shot and not knowing where you got shot from, you will like this game!
game-hours: 460.7
review: Good Game Of The Year
game-hours: 56.5
review: Altis Life- Stole a helicopter, Took a man hostage, Landed, Got chased by the police, Got captured, Got charged with Grand theft auto, Evading police and rekless flying and got put in prison for 10 minutes... 10/10 Would take hostage again...
game-hours: 1.1
review: Give me free demo
game-hours: 109.8
review: This game has an better gamplay then arma 2 and its better, beautifull and big!
game-hours: 163.1
review: if you like awesome army stuff then multiply by 100 = Arma3
game-hours: 135.9
review: Feels wrong writing a review of this game now as its not finished. The engine alone is just limitless to what can be created. The online community is very active providing a mass of servers and different game types. Overall awesome game and can only get better.
game-hours: 16.7
review: Kind of glitchy but a load of fun and an insane amount of depth. If you are a fan of games with a good amount of tacticality, this is a must buy even at it's pricepoint.
game-hours: 0.3
review: Arma 3 is an excellent war/army simulation game, great graphics, excellent gameplay. Was really impressed. What makes Arma 3 different form it's predecessors is the engine. Also it has a ton of fun and exciting mods like breaking point which is arma 3 dayz.
game-hours: 1760.4
review: Arma is a game that takes a type of person to like it. It has its glitches, and its awesome things. Altis Life is something you should check out if you are more of a casual RP player. If you are more serious, try out a mil sim server where literally everything is simulated like the military. There are also domination servers where you capture towns from enemy NPC forces. If you have no patience, there is always wasteland, or king of the hill, where you can shoot people on sight without worry of a ban. Personally I think arma is a great game. I would give it a 8.5/10 due to the "arma glitches" and learning curve. They are working on fixing the learning curve though. I would like to see more out of the devs, even though I believe they are working hard. Most of my time is from playing on an altis life server - Therevolutiongaming. Finding a good community for casual RP is what I look for and have found it there.
game-hours: 55.6
review: Fantastic, the level editor is mostly what I do. But still. Mods are great, community is nice, everything is spot on. I also hooked up a flight stick and throttle and did tons of dogfights. It feels great. Specs are a little bit demanding too.
game-hours: 751.3
review: Best Game EVER, You wont regret this one
game-hours: 91.2
review: Grate game you can get a lot of fun in to this game
game-hours: 178.2
review: it a good game
game-hours: 32.5
review: Arma 3 is VERY GOOD GAME! :) I Love....the RP Mods are amaizing :)
game-hours: 482.5
review: Fun. It has guns, things that make boom and dress up.
game-hours: 427.2
review: One Of The Best Games I Have Ever Played 11/10 Buy Now!!!
game-hours: 174.0
review: Epic game. Amazing graphics, super immersive, and generally great at what it does. However, some people may not like what it does. It is very much a simulator, so it takes time to get in to. And playing with the right people, is almost essential to get the full experience. That is however not a bad thing, cause the depth that this game delivers makes it one of the best games i have ever played
game-hours: 3.8
review: Really Good game, with a large number of mods! Buy it and play it!
game-hours: 758.7
review: Well... To start off I'm not a very big third person fan but with this game i think it beats all first person shooters. I have now logged over 400 hours with in the first months of owning this game. This is by far the most adictive/relistic warfare game i have yet found on the internet or (Steam) this game re-defines warfare to omg need more, I highly recomend this game to all who like warfare. P.S. In order to have loads of fun get a group of friends or forum a group to play with
game-hours: 63.3
review: meh
game-hours: 156.1
review: Fun and open world game with really good gamemodes and lots of fun, Make sure your Pc can Handle the game before you get it though.
game-hours: 40.7
review: fun
game-hours: 239.7
review: This game is good but there is bad optimization........wasteland stinks , but multiplayer 50 man coop is great....
game-hours: 452.5
review: great game 10/10 points
game-hours: 287.9
review: Having owned this since the alpha, I can say I highly recommend it. This beautiful game brings not only fantastic single and multiplayer modes, but stunning graphics as well. It has a much better optimization than Arma 2, but is also more graphically intensive due to being a newer game. Modding community is very developed and mods are plentiful. Breaking point mod highly recomended for those who enjoy DayZ. All together an amazing game and a huge step-up from Arma 2.
game-hours: 100.5
review: Buy this awesome simulator, and it doesnt need high powered computer for graphs!
game-hours: 688.5
review: Unlimited free content. Fully modifiable. Realistic ballistics. Tons of weapons, air land and sea vehicles. Massive maps. The only shooter you will ever need. Buy it.
game-hours: 73.0
review: BEST.GAME.EVER.
game-hours: 162.3
review: Good game, But min requirements are a ing JOKE! my pc out specs the recomended, and my friends out specs mine and i can bearly get 10 Fps on any server. and he has issues with 20 fps. Please Optimize your damn game! i cant even play this anymore!! when it first came to alpha on steam i had easy the 60fps i wanted! i had not an issue with the game at all THEN it got ing rushed to release and all the FETAURES that should come with the Game are PAID Dlc, 16$ dollars For 2 ING helos? Gawd damn! What is this ing EA? and Sims? What next? Running DLC? where you cannot run without the DLC? jezzzus. Please fix this damn game or refund my ing 60$! - I do recomend this game, but take this as a warning! its fun, and nice to play, but Please Steal an Alien Space Craft from Area 51 if you want anything over 8 FPS. - for those who ask about PC spec's. I can handle Bf4 Maxed 120 Fps. and such on other games. i have an AMD processor and Graphics card.
game-hours: 603.9
review: I Love this game its good graphics and addicting
game-hours: 10.9
review: i love this game
game-hours: 139.9
review: Now Arma 3 is a awesome game but were here to talk about more than the fact its awesome, Graphics are amazing well the way i can run it, Arma 3 can bring someone's FPS to -100 depending on your comp. so if it is lagging i highly suggest you lower the settings down ALOT. What can you do on Arma 3: You can do Atlis Life (Alot of Role play, it has a bank and cops so there you go), Battle Royale (Hunger Games but in Arma 3), Dayz Brecking point (Arma 3 Dayz Mod) Now about brecking point its a pain just to login to it so i suggest you play Atlis life and Battle Royale, And it is a 1rst/3rd person shooter i rather allways be in 3rd person for certin reason's that im not gonna disscuss. There is alot more gamemodes but those are my things. Is it worth the money, Depending on your comp. Yes As allways my rateing for this game is 10/10 REMEMBER THIS IS ALL MY OPION SO DO NOT THINK ITS ALL HERE. THANKS FOR YOUR TIME
game-hours: 906.0
review: Hacker sim 2012
game-hours: 749.2
review: Best fricking game ever. Limitless possibilities. Cheap DLC. 9.8/10
game-hours: 554.1
review: I love this game.I remember watching gameplay of the alpha version and when arma was released i bought it even though my pos laptop wouldnt run it.I played and averaged out about 11 fps on minimum settings,but even though it sit in my library I have grown more facial hair so its a plus:)since then I bought a better pc and so its playable now
game-hours: 68.2
review: Best war simulator
game-hours: 295.8
review: Wonderful game, but you can have a much better time with mods and a good group of friends!!! 10 out of 10
game-hours: 1749.1
review: gg
game-hours: 251.0
review: Bugs.
game-hours: 855.2
review: Really good game I give it a 10/10. After the heli dlc I havent been able to play it though it keeps crashing :( 0/10
game-hours: 373.0
review: Arma 3 is a really good game. If you feel like a real army game, go and play arma, good tactics etc makes your team win. For the RolePlayer's out here, they are also at the right addres, arma has an RP mod called "Altis Life" this is fantastic for people who love RP with good graphics. I really recommend this game for actually every player who loves an army game and for people who seek real RolePlay
game-hours: 475.7
review: cool cool cool
game-hours: 357.2
review: Very good game.. spacial Altis life mod :)
game-hours: 83.4
review: jump in a guys car yells at me takes me to a gas station shoots at me has  aim gets his buddies to shoot at me they have  aim i get away 9/11 not enough terrorism
game-hours: 454.3
review: Pinnacle of Awesomeness
game-hours: 258.5
review: best game
game-hours: 78.0
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 278.1
review: Amazing game! If you're looking for something actually tactical and team based, not just the mindless "run and gun" arcade shooters like CoD or BF4, then this is your game. The game also has many mods and different game modes you can experience, many similar to those from Arma 2
game-hours: 151.4
review: A very fun and compelling Mil-Sim sandbox. 10/10. Would buy again.
game-hours: 263.4
review: Best game for team work and endless fun. Great graphics too, but you need a beasty system though to enjoy max settings. CPU hungry
game-hours: 819.3
review: 10/10
game-hours: 209.0
review: i lern to bcum stronk soldier 11/10 will solder agin
game-hours: 76.7
review: Zeus
game-hours: 183.9
review: I still haven't learned how to drive
game-hours: 661.5
review: Best game i have ever played. The Arma series is realy improving from Arma2 to Arma3. The graphics are superb, frame rate is good, overall it still needs some work on campaign and map design. I recently read a post from the mayor of Altis and he said that it "Turend their peaceful little island into a battleground and that it showed a local buisness factory that is private and secret." Overall i rate this game a 4 out of 5.
game-hours: 32.9
review: Great Game! worth every cent!
game-hours: 325.9
review: :D
game-hours: 643.7
review: :)
game-hours: 163.4
review: terrorists
game-hours: 80.4
review: Play Altis Life Mod on this, it's absolutely brillian. Blackwing Gaming
game-hours: 69.1
review: I got shot, dragged into a garage, was told i was now a sex slave, and t-bagged until my inevitable death. I then went back and thanked the people for that experience, and they shot me again.
game-hours: 126.8
review: ARMA, to me, used to remind me of a quote I read that war is long periods of boredom perpetuated by small moments of sheer terror and excitement. This was the exact thought running through my head as I was driving a HEMETT truck to the port city of Kamino. Apparently a Commander had requested logistical support then hauled  back to the city, but for what no one knows. I find out a few moments later as my Squad Leader yells for me to stop the truck at the site of a large explosion that claimed the Commander's truck. What follows, and I won't describe it for sake of spoilers so I'll only tell you includes a lot of frantic running and shooting, is the most impressive mission that Bohemia has shown in any of their campaigns. It isn't impressive by scale in relation to other missions, but it sets the scale for the rest of the game and immerses the player and makes a promise to them I never imagined they could deliver on. And that was for a very tense and exciting game with absolutly no pause button. ARMA III is, of course, the third independent installment to Bohemia's award winning military simulation series. Depending on what you do in the game, whether it be the multiplayer of the campaigns, you play a Corporal Kerry, a Special Forces soldier in the United States Military, or you play as a soldier within this conflict taking play in 2035 on an island-nation called Altis and then Stratis later on. Being a simulation game there is massive attention to detail when it comes to scenery and the hardware available in the game. The developers actually take real life geography and copy it into the game creating very believe-able and real life environments, not to mention law suits and jail-time for some devs all in the name of treason. Along with that the weapons, vehicles, and general kit used by the soldiers of these games are amazingly authentic in usage and design with life-like audio to boot. Along with the genuine looks of the game theres the true to life gameplay. Arma seems to be made by one of those few groups of humans on earth that believe guns actually harm people. When the bullets do finally fly in these titles you can guarantee that someone wont get back up after even a single round is fired, meaning that players have to actually take cover and think with their head and their teammates during an engagement, counting doubly so for those wishing to drive/fly any vehicle on the game. Speaking of those strange things going in the same direction as you are (for all those rail-shooter inclined), these are called teammates and they are very helpful in your success and you may want to find a means of communicating with them to achieve anything. Pick a job within a squad, whether you decide to be a grenadier, marksman, AT specialist, SAW gunner, whatever! And you don't even have to be limited to a class. As long as you got the knowledge to use the tools of your desired, destructrive trade. The only lacking I've ever found in Arma games is that they are pretty boring despite the scale, however this is a problem thankfully resolved in Arma III. Most firefights in older titles were very distant and felt more robotic that an actual struggle between two groups of people. Not so for Arma III. This time around firefights are much more fluid and exciting. Fights on the streets are quick and brutal and leave you on edge for the next go around. Skirmishes on open ground aren't the usual long distance punching matches between two groups of heads bobbing up and down, but are now dives for any sign of cover followed by frantic firing in your enemies direction as they either advance on you or you advance on them. Its a feeling that is difficult to create in a shooter that is excellently executed through Bohemia's much improved immersion with character movement and authentic scenery, weapons, vehicles and just plain everything, and that feeling is actual adrenalin fueled fear for biting the big one. In an overview, Arma III is a game of amazing scale that creates the feel of an real combat area with the true to life detail of every possible aspect of a shooter from the landscape to the weapon in your hands. The fighting in this game is brutal and surprisingly fast paced compared to earlier titles, making the usual emphasis on teamwork and cooperation even greater and more important. Its as close an I can imagine any gamer can get, or will want to get, to the real deal and serves as a surpisingly fun entry to the franchise. My lack of experience in this game with its new features and gamemodes keeps me from giving this game a full look-around. All I can really say is that if you are a fan of a more team based game, instead of the usual Call of Duty or Battlefield clones that seem to be par for the course, it is worth your time. Give it a try with some like minded people you known and/or have to tie to a chair and desktop to get them to play something and you won't regret the experience. Or you won't like it in the slightest, in which case may whatever deity you love have mercy on your poor soul.
game-hours: 485.8
review: I had got addicted to ARMA 2 combined operations before this game. The semi-futureistic feel this game has did not grab me at first, by after a while I loved it. Great game for modding also, in-fact, it is so good for modding that my mod folder is now more than 3 times the size of the game folder. Bohemia interactive did a very good job on this game, I recommend. I give it a 9.5/10. P.S. Do not stand on jagged rocks or rubble - the result is not favourable.
game-hours: 273.6
review: as all arma games they are hard to figure out the controls but bieng the next step after the most realistic game in the world its understandable.Arma three has greatly improved its campaign after arma 2's rather terrible one Arma #'s is actually worth playing.When it comes to multiplayer in a arma game there is nothing like it ranging from altis life(role play) to conquoring the whole vast 270 sq kilometers of altis.I would definately recommend this game to anyone that has a computer that can handle it.Nomatter if you have the recommended requirements or not as you can imagine this game puts a load on computers.
game-hours: 787.8
review: This game is awesome love altis life the most :)
game-hours: 52.4
review: Arma 3 has a lot of detail when it comes to its graphics which is good but it can also have some bad points, Although it is realistic half the time you can't see your enemies because the sun is in your way. A massive problem with Arma 3 is the AI, They are totally un-realistic i once used a sniper to shoot at an AI who took cover on the ground and as it was long distance i missed using a sniper, He stood up and returned fire hitting me with about 3 of his 4 shots. At the distance he shot at it would be impossible with an assault rifle. I've never really found ArmA as a game i would play by myself because it becomes boring and repetitive especially when you keep dying and most of the game consists of travelling to the battle. I like ArmA 3 and i would suggest it to everbody because you can have some good times on it. But the game itself needs to have a lot of work for it to be a game i would consistantly play.
game-hours: 651.5
review: runs very welll on low end computers and high, i find this a very grapical game of fun and open world exploration along with mods of sorts from planes to guns, very well made game, graphics beat xbox type games, crank it up on high and have fun
game-hours: 75.1
review: Great military sim, far better than Arma 2 although there arn't as many vehicles as i liked. Runs better than Arma 2 beacuase of the new engine which allows alot of people to have fun and run smoother. I will be spending alot of time in this game and i recomend it for anyone that actully values a good military battle instead of something like Call Of Duty.
game-hours: 610.8
review: Never have I felt such an exhilaration firing 30 5.56mm rounds at a bunny I thought was a person through my thermal scope at 800m.
game-hours: 70.5
review: Realmente um jogo muito bom,se voce esta buscando uma experiencia realistica e tatica em um jogo,compre este jogo que voce nao ira se arrepender.Ele exige demasia cooperao entre os seus jogadores e uma maxima interao com o ambiente jogado.Obrigado
game-hours: 315.2
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 1143.7
review: brilliant graphics and amazing military experience ! MEIN FURHER STEINER..........
game-hours: 315.3
review: So far it's pretty much the best milsim out there, bar none. I do wish for a mod to include realistic reloading animations and a mechanic that recognizes bullets in the chamber. Negatives are the extreme amount of Wasteland servers out there, and complete lack of proper pvp servers that are friendly for playing without friends. For better or worse, unless you, for some inexplicable reason, actually LIKE the Wasteland mod, you're better off playing the co-op servers where it's you, 20 or so other folks, customizable loadout ammo crates, and places on the map to clear of enemy AI. Game looks good, and it's a real treat for such a milsim to look good, and have alot of potential draw distance.
game-hours: 69.7
review: Devs have slightly increased multiplayer fps since the release. The game engine sucks but arma 4 should be good if they develop a new engine
game-hours: 1535.3
review: Arma 3 is the current pinnacle of tactical military sims. The multiplayer is home to diverse community driven missions, mods, and addons--the scope of which is ever expanding. The single player campaign, though clunky at times with trigger based scripted events and obtuse progression, is engaging and immersive. The maps are incredible. Stratis is a fantastically detailed, compact island only ~20 sq km. It features rugged terrain, a city, small villages, an airbase, and FOBs of various size. Altis offers a massive experience at ~270 sq km. It's a fantastically beautiful Mediterranean environment with cities, towns, highways, military complexes, airports, airstrips, fobs, resorts, energy stations, ruins, castles, islands... critically one of the best environments in gaming.
game-hours: 1.3
review: Great game
game-hours: 19.6
review: I wish I had someone who knew how to drive a car.
game-hours: 30.4
review: One of the best games I have ever p[ayed I love this game
game-hours: 1046.7
review: In short words- very good game, very realistic, hundrets of posibilites and a HUUGE map. That's a grat game, but not for everybody. You need to be patient, because you'll keep dying and dying all over again, just like in Dark Souls. And editor is a great con too.
game-hours: 62.0
review: Love the realism this game brings to the 1st/3rd person action genre. Recommend to anyone looking to step up from battlefield or Call of duty.
game-hours: 633.6
review: Its a good game.
game-hours: 21.1
review: I LIKE THIS GAME
game-hours: 8.7
review: Arma 3 is an A-MA-ZING game! It offers a lot of gamemodes and that makes this game incredibly fun to play. Over the past two weeks i have become addicted to ARMA (in a good way) :-). So, where are you waiting for? Buy it already!
game-hours: 40.2
review: Very interesting and realistic game. 9/10
game-hours: 386.1
review: This game is great. Not only does it have a great campaign and editor, it offers multiplayer. It is 10x better playing online with friends. And if you ever do get bored with the vanilla game there are mods. A lot of them too. You can also download so many different mods. There are downloads for missions, guns, cars, and a whole lot more. There are also different game modes and scenarios that change how you play the game. This is by far one of my favorite games. So I truly do recommend this game!
game-hours: 31.8
review: Amazing game, Amazing graphics, Amazing Price I am totaly recommending this game!
game-hours: 12.7
review: Super fun!
game-hours: 312.8
review: LOVE HOW IT CRASHES EVERY 5 MINUTES. WANT $60 BACK
game-hours: 289.5
review: Game is amazing! Definetely recommend it to anyone into shooter games although there is a lot of other cool things to do in the game, along with all the fun multiplayer lobbies. Makes this game a ton of fun! Rated 10/10.
game-hours: 368.1
review: Arma 3 is a combat simulator, meaning that it is realistic and has great physics. The campaign is interesting and has enough combat and action so you don't get bored easily. There are many modes/mods to play on Arma 3 like Wasteland, Altis Life, Domination, King of the Hill, Team Deathmatch, etc. Arma 3's editor is awesome and allows you to make simple bases, missions, or expirements or complex bases, missions, and expirements. The game is $60USD but is definitely worth buying if you're interested in games that include a sandbox, several gamemodes, and many ways to play. If you don't believe the game is worth buying, check out videos on YouTube about several of the game modes in the game and decide off the gameplay you see.
game-hours: 39.6
review: Great game, love the cover system, love the editor and Zeus. Only problem: crappy servers (can't find ones with people in my area). Would recommend, as I do already.
game-hours: 302.6
review: ARMA 3 is one of the best simulators EVER. Better than GTA and Minecraft. The game has amazing textures and is extremly good. Favourtie gamemode is Invade and Annex
game-hours: 155.0
review: Brilliant military simulator, much better buy than other 'similar' FPS games. Both campaign and multiplayer are diverse and immersive! F*** the AAF also...
game-hours: 219.4
review: Arma 3 is a game that you love, or hate. If you liked the previous Arma-Games, you wont have a lot of problems getting into Arma 3 quickly. Pros: +Improved HUD +Improved Movement and more control over your Character +Great Graphics +Good for Simulation, but also provides a lot of fun due to the variety of missions you can play, from racing to a Life Simulator, you will find something that fits your taste +Amazing Player Interaction and great to make new friends, overall fun to play with other. +A variety of Workshop content Cons: -The controls, while being better than in Arma 2, are still rather unresponsive -Very demanding when you want to play the game at high setting and a good framerate, especially when youre playing online -Altis and Stratis are very boring maps that dont bring a lot of tactical possibilies nor are they really fancy (fences and rocks will be your worst enemies) -Very few weapons and equipment to chose from This list might be uncompleted, I will add further points when I encounter them while playing. The Devs are still working hard on this game and are releasing some reasonably priced DLCs that add new gameplay elements such as new vehicles, new mechanics or new weapons, aswell as free updates to balance and fix any issues that might accure. After all, I highly recommend this game, wether you like military simulations or not, you will have a lot of fun with the variety of possibilities this game gives you.
game-hours: 29.2
review: Could be 3 million times better but its still fun with a couple of mates.
game-hours: 18.3
review: THIS is an AWESOME game to play. The developer team is really caring about the community. The workshop and map editor helps you to do a LOT of things that no other games can. The hardward requirement is pretty high and you will not get the best experience if you can only run on low or medium. PLUS, if you one of those people who play COD or battlefield a lot, you may need a few hours to L2P this game. ARMA 3 is seriously an simulation game, any gun can pretty much 2 shot or 1 shot you at any distance(and the AI is pretty good at aiming). Stay in cover, move quick and you will enjoy this war on the island.
game-hours: 121.1
review: Let me start off by saying this game is great and the workshop makes it 20x better. But in order to give a good review I must give both sides of the story. This game is very complex and can be intimedating for the noobie, but one of the greatest parts about this games loyal comunity is that no matter how stupid a siduation might be, they will still role play it out. That is partially why this series seems so realistic, the community is great. Of coarse there are always those people who would rather complain about how bad someone is instead of helping them to become better. But most people are willing to help with anything you might need. The next thing is to learn the controls. It will make your life so much easier, there may seem to be many controls, but you only use a few of them unless you are a commander. Also this game is beautiful and usually runs desently well on a mid range pc. Now I must give the downsides. The campaign is ok but it is not arma 2 quality. That is the main theme here is that it is not arma2. I dont know why but this game is missing something that both arma2 and arma cwa nailed. It seems more directed and controlled that previous installments of the series. One will need a mid range ish pc to run this game. All in all this is a great game with a wonderful community and it has endless mods from the workshop so if you are debating weather to get the game or not, let me make the decisioin for you. Get the game.
game-hours: 53.9
review: The Best war simulator I ever played! Worth to buy.
game-hours: 32.6
review: So far, so good.
game-hours: 36.6
review: its a good game :)
game-hours: 2.4
review: this game is a ultimate military simulater
game-hours: 588.3
review: i have never had a game i played more than this one. this game has so many mods and game modes
game-hours: 28.2
review: Flying cars get stuck mid-air, 11/10
game-hours: 57.9
review: This game is really a great combat simulator, it's one of my all time favorites, and i do highly recommend this game to anyone that likes combat or army games......
game-hours: 250.0
review: this game is a super realistic simulation and yes there are game breaking bugs but in its core you have an excellent made game with good mechanics and well made design its definitevely worth a buy especially if you are a fan of getting 1 shot from a sniper in a hill you werent even aware it was there yeah you get the point its super realistic you wont be surviving more than 3 shots to the chest and 1 shot in the face from any weapon will kill you
game-hours: 679.4
review: This game is amazing its like 6 or 7 games in one....with all the mods you can play with this game makes this game so worth the money....never have i played a rp shooter but its so epic
game-hours: 0.5
review: I don't even have the game yet....No clue why it gave me a reason to review it. Anyway, the game looks ing awesome! Can't wait to buy it...eventually.
game-hours: 912.9
review: Desync is real, get swallowed by metal fence's and brick walls and rocks resulting in death .......
game-hours: 127.6
review: <3
game-hours: 316.7
review: GO GO GO GO
game-hours: 31.1
review: Impressive futuristic Military Simulator.
game-hours: 154.8
review: did i mention its a must-buy?
game-hours: 1359.2
review: BEST GAME EVER.
game-hours: 454.0
review: This is not a game, this is a simulation if anything. Admittedly its not really war, and its not a good representation of the horrors of conflict, but its significantly better than Call of duty's over romanticized grade 6 representation. As for worth, this is not a game you can really quantify. Unlike many games where the campaign length or the multiplayer dictate its quality, this is much more than a game. If you played and liked Arma 1, or 2, buy 3. And if youre thinking about buying Arma 3, do it. The endless modibility, the mission creation and steam workshop, and the rich community are what make the Arma series a true beauty. Not to mention the Multiplayer and Campaign are kick .
game-hours: 508.9
review: really fun game to play with friends many gamemodes/mission files to choose from great community :)
game-hours: 185.9
review: Its really wel done!Awsome game!
game-hours: 126.9
review: This game for real man, not for kid
game-hours: 136.7
review: If you can get past the bugs and community, this title will surely leave you satisfied without costing an... arm and a leg. ...When do I get paid?
game-hours: 83.6
review: Great game its a must have
game-hours: 89.5
review: I enjoyed this game.
game-hours: 1188.0
review: Amazing Game, Lots Of money opertunitys if you get good at scripting>.... Tons of server host looking for mission modders!
game-hours: 257.8
review: Needs more vehicles!
game-hours: 13.5
review: An excellent military simulator, has a large learning curve and requires patience inorder to to become skilled at. Like most multiplayer games, Arma 3 works ALOT better with friends becuase it allos for you to have more coordination, which is a very important factor in Arma 3. Its fairly system intensive , but has gone through alot of optimiztion patches, but you should still look into the system requirements before purchasing. I would highly reccomend it, especially if you have friends to play it with.
game-hours: 49.2
review: Hours of fun and a good time... Worth full price
game-hours: 136.3
review: Awesome game to play
game-hours: 254.1
review: Have you ever been kidnapped before? Well i'll tell you one thing it's terrifying. Me and my 2 armed other friends just fueled up our car and we started leaving the gas station. As we we're leaving 2 men in a suv parked they're car right infront of ours and told us to get out. We we're scared so we attempted to drive away. All of a sudden rubber bullets started flying everywhere. They managed to knock out my friends. I was still conscious but I was terrified. They tied us up with zip ties, put us in a suv and took away our phones. As we we're being kidnapped, I noticed a man hiding behind a building. We we're brought to a junk yard with a tall crane. They brought us all the way to the top. At this point I knew it was the end. They were gonna gonna kill us. All of a sudden I noticed a man at the bottom of the crane. Then I saw 3 cop cars driving towards the junk yard. The 2 armed men started shooting at the cops. As they were shooting I saw a helicopter flying towards us. I was happy and scared at the same time. Bullets started flying everywhere almost hitting every part of my body. One of the kidnappers started climbing down the ladder towards the bottom. Some how I managed to break free of my zip ties and I pulled out a gun and shot the armed man shooting at the cops. Me and my friends started screaming saying we we're the victims. One cop climbed up the ladder and told us to get to the bottom immediately. So we did and as soon as we got to the bottom we asked questions about the situation. We got pardoned of our crimes for killing one of the kidnappers. All of a sudden I heard gun shots flying everywhere. I noticed they were rubber bullets because I saw many cops getting knocked out. I looked up and saw the helicopter flying away probably requesting for back up. I looked back down and noticed everyone knocked out and tied up. The only ones who we're still free was me and my friend. My friend started shooting at the armed man. I tried to peek and see if could get a clear shot but as I peeked gun shots flew near my head. So I looked for cover. I saw my friend on the ground unconscious. I saw the armed man walking towards my friend tieing him up. I had the perfect shot, I aimed my gun slowly towards head and took the shot. I quickly ran towards the police and unrestrained them. They quickly unrestrained my friends. We ended up driving to Kavala in shock of what just had happened. We kept driving and never looked back. That doesn't just happen in any other multiplayer game. I thought it was all just a movie, a show or something. I never knew that could ever happen in a videogame. If you're looking to buy it YOU MUST DO IT NOW. If you ever want an expereience like that then this is the game you should buy. 11/10 -IGN
game-hours: 335.5
review: Drove a car over chicken wire. Car broke. 10/10 would drive over chicken wire again
game-hours: 763.8
review: The greatest military sandbox I have ever played, Arma 3 is a lovingly crafted game, giving you an endless amount of scenerios to enjoy. Singleplayer gives you the option to screw around with the editor and either create the insane or the epic. It's a challenge to learn but well worth it. The main campaign can be frustrating at times, but overall is a very excellent experience. User-made content and scenerios add another layer of depth, and Zeus gives an easy integration of that and multiplayer. Multiplayer is by far the strongest point of the game, giving an in-depth experience in many a situation. You can play it as a roleplayer, joining Life servers. You can be a survivor of the wastes in Wasteland, or you can join in many user-made situations. The greatest of the options, however, is proper, team-based objective gameplay. With the right men, squads can work together to accomplish tasks against insurmountable odds. It gives a very strong sense of satisfaction to be part of such a team, and finishing the mission only solidifies that feeling. If you want a very-well made military simulator, offering wonderful graphics, processor-melting situations, teamwork, tension and combined-warfare operation, Arma 3 is for you.
game-hours: 208.6
review: Amazing game! Must play!
game-hours: 686.5
review: First thing about this title, is that it may be called a game, but it is a simulator. There is a big difference. If you buy this looking for CoD or Battlefield type game play, you are going to be extremely disappointed. You cannot sprint around forever. Your equipment weighs you down and gets you tired. You can die of heat exhaustion. Running a kilometer and going prone doesn't allow you to shoot the wings off of a fly, you are going to have to wait till you heart stops pounding and your hands stop shaking. Guns use ammo, ammo which you don't get from running over the corpse of someone you killed. It needs to be the right caliber and in a mag that fits the weapon you are using. And that's just the beginning. The gameplay has evolved a bit since Arma 2, you can dive in the water now and there are a lot of different stances to help with firing from or getting behind cover. The inventory system has evolved greatly, but still not very user friendly to those not familiar with the arma series. The story so far is not the reason to buy the game, actually, the story is pretty weak. Where Arma 3 shines is the user created content. User missions, user mods. Arma is one of if not the most moddable game I've ever seen. From full conversion Fallout / Stalker type game mods, to dynamic user missions that pits you against insurgent activity and linked side missions that pop up all over the map. (IE stop an enemy convoy from getting from a to b, so that b's defenses are weaker, take out the radio tower so they cannot call for backup, kill the commanding officer to put the others in a state of chaos.) All in all, an ok game on it's own, but an awesome game because of the modding community. The one thing that I hold against it is that Bohemia has yet to release a working 3d editor for it. The community has made some awesome mods to make up for this, but that does not let Bohemia off the hook for not having a working one out already, especially since modding and editing is the only saving grace for this game.
game-hours: 522.9
review: 85/100
game-hours: 70.1
review: Great Game Fun To play This game gives so much online game modes to play you will never be bored :D
game-hours: 30.5
review: GREAT GAME
game-hours: 10.9
review: The Game Is Apsolutly Awesome Grapich,World.Its Bugged In 30 min gameplay Once.Second Best Arma Game
game-hours: 16.3
review: Arma 3 is not quite a first person shooter, it really is more of a "war simulator" overall. It is highly detailed and looks great visually but there can be a bit of a learning curve. The games strong point, in my opinion is the way it tries to do multiplayer, where you make missions and what not. I find this single feature what makes Arma stand out the best. More shooters should have the level of control Arma 3 gives players. There were a few "cons" to all of its "pros" though, so I will list my biggest as follows. 1. Multiplayer Servers (if not set up properly and efficiently) can make the game squat down and take a huge dump on your FPS (frames per second) 2. I feel the multiplayer user interface could use some work. making the game more accessible to new players. 3. Better single player. Arma may be best for its multiplayer but I think overall more work could be done making the single player experience more enjoyable. All in all I think Arma 3 does the "shooter/ war simulation" best, it may not be as popular as games like COD or Battlefield but thats not a bad thing. Imagine if it was that popular, then we would be dealing with those "guys"...
game-hours: 131.9
review: Amazing game, mus buy if into military simulations or the arma series!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 33.2
review: Probably the most in-depth shooter game so far...
game-hours: 925.0
review: Best LIKE REAL gameplay! When you hear bullets pass over---- puts you in a place where you never think you be in.
game-hours: 76.0
review: I would buy it for sure a 2nd. time. It's simply amazing. Specially if you're playing it with friends. If you're a lone wolf you might not really enjoy this game at all.
game-hours: 435.1
review: armaazingly good
game-hours: 31.9
review: Really fun and realistic game, I just wish setting up servers that work were a little easier...
game-hours: 4.8
review: yes
game-hours: 251.6
review: - Abscence de liberts pour la constitution d'une Arme;( bibliothque d'armes et materiels ,blinds, camions, troupes etc.). Obligation de suivre un scnario sans pouvoir voluer librement comme dans ARMA 2. (*) - Pas de matos des annes 1990-2015. Dommage... ( chars LEOPARD, LECLERC, VAB, FUCH, VBL, FENNEC, MARDER, PUMA, AMX 10P et AMX 10RC, CENTAURO, FRECCIA, plus camions et jeeps de type MAN, MERCEDES, IVECO, RENAULT/SCANIA, Les Avions Raffales, Tonados IDS/ADV, Mirages F1 CR ou 2000-5 ou D, Typhon, F 16, F 18 ainsi que les hlicos actuels serais les bienvenus...(**) - l'OTAN se rsume aux Amricains, pas de troupes Franaises, Allemandes, Italinnes, Belges etc. - Trop d'attente entre les tlchargements et suites du jeux. - Graphisme trs bon, jouabilit correcte si ordinateur bien "boost". - Jeux trs intrssent. Note: 7,5/10. ENCORE un EFFORT les Gars... (*) (**) vous te sur la bonne voie...
game-hours: 304.2
review: Great game, Very Good War Simulator also very fun to play with friends. 5/5
game-hours: 208.3
review: Bohemia please code better thx <3
game-hours: 496.0
review: Great game, loads of mods have come out for it. Problem only exists is that it's still badly optimized for AMD CPU's. And to top it off, there is no official mods that add in content, that have been released.
game-hours: 926.7
review: This game is amazing, but it's still a unfinished product so just be aware.
game-hours: 133.5
review: excellent game and lots of fun
game-hours: 185.6
review: SuperB
game-hours: 460.7
review: Best military game out there!
game-hours: 228.3
review: GET IT!
game-hours: 70.3
review: Singleplayer is an exercise in pain on high difficulty. Game overwrites autosaves and limits you to 1 save. Prepare your body for an autosave with grenade launcher rounds inbound forcing you to restart. Great roguelikelike.
game-hours: 357.4
review: <3
game-hours: 79.2
review: Best MilSim ever! Getting better and better!
game-hours: 3.1
review: 0/10 would not play again 0/10 graphics 0/10 gunplay 0/10 everything #cod4 #isbetter #loljkthisgameisactuallyreallyfun
game-hours: 55.5
review: awesome!
game-hours: 309.1
review: This is one the best combat simulators ive ever played. The sand box on here is a blast and the steam work shop is awesome for user created content. The only down fall for me is that i dont have anyone to play this with.
game-hours: 721.9
review: I have Autism and I recommend this game.
game-hours: 159.4
review: This game has outstanding potential hidden inside it. Over ArmA 2 and Arrowhead, both graphics, features and gameplay has improved significantly. Unfortunately, cannot say the same thing about performance. Not only you need a beast of a PC to run it at a decent framerate on singleplayer, on multiplayer, that thousands of dollars worth PC won't help you, since it's completely down to the server hardware. Every AI unit you add to the battle might and will impact your framerate. If there are 30 units, kiss 10 frames goodbye. If there are 100 units, that will sum up to at least 20 frames. Engine itself, is heavily dependent on CPU and by that I mean it's clock speeds. At this moment, AI runs on the main game/server thread to combat any desynch in multiplayer in turn, tickrate hits the dirt. Considering game is not multi-core optimized at all, neither Hyperthreading nor Octacores will help you. If you do not have a Nvidia card and you are planning to run the game with a CPU that's a little better than what's recommended, don't bother, it will slice 10 from your frames, culprit, PhysX. Even with the top of the line CPU and GPUs in SLI, do not dream about anything over 60 frames on a populated CO-OP, Single Player or Multiplayer mission. You WILL get dips below 40 at times. Graphic settings won't impact your frames much, as long as you reduce CPU hogging settings such as clouds and drawdistance, you can run the game at ultra without much of an issue. Framerate impact is completely because of CPU under utilization. Mechanics are amazing, gunplay is exceptional. AI can be extremely clever and they communicate, flank, use supports and can make your life a misery if you aren't situationally aware. Single player is extremely interesting and mission editor gives unlimited content possibilities. On development branch, Introduction of Zeus DLC wasn't in vain. It's such a great addition. Consider it as a more user friendly mission editor that comes with the game plus, you can adjust EVERYTHING in real time. It will make you forget about the performance. For $35.99, it's a good package. But if you aren't really into such a game, I say wait for a better discount.
game-hours: 345.8
review: After waiting for so long, Arma3 has arrived, although it's an Alpha verion, the game seems so promising!
game-hours: 4.6
review: Now this game is a complicated one to review. On it's own it's nothing really (and definately not worth 35.00) but with all of the mods made by the community, ArmA 3 has definately saved. The mods that I would personally recommend you get for this game are: ArmA 3: Breaking Point, ArmA 3 Battle Royal and ArmA 3: Life Mod.
game-hours: 126.8
review: I would recommend this game at full price. Totaly worth it. I barly know anything about the millitary or fps' and I picked it up really quicky. Fun to screw around on Multiplayer and other Gamemodes.
game-hours: 4.3
review: It looks sweet, runs good but the controller layout is all over the place and you cant change it :/
game-hours: 314.7
review: Pure Awsomeness
game-hours: 179.1
review: This is one of the most amazing games I have ever played. All of the stuff that were obnoxious and annoying are fixed in ArmA 3. I totally recommend it!
game-hours: 563.2
review: ARMA 3 is very different from ARMA 2, It is not a game for people that want fast action gaming, this is a game for people who appreciate the small things, this game requires patience and tactical skill, There are experiences in ARMA 3 that you will not experience in Battlefield, or Call Of Duty, for example the tactical aspect of ARMA 3, if your lucky enough to be part of a tactical community then you can get the full benefits of playing ARMA 3, not like wasteland or altis life. ARMA 3 has burst up from the old ARMA's from the help of Dayz, i'm not saying Dayz game arma all the populatrity but it defintly gave them the boost they needed. I remeber when i first joined a tactical server, i was a noob, i had no clue what these call signs ment, or any command chain. But i was rushed to a heli and placed into bravo squad, i was told to stick next to the medkit, when i look back i think i chose the marksman load out, i was not very useful to the group in till we revived a lot of heavy fire, once are squad lead went down, it was just me and the medic, as the medic couldn't go down i had to rush out into the feild, dragging theese random people back to cover, now i did not know any of theese people, but in the moment it felt like i did, i felt like i was part of the team. Once i dragged half of my bleeding team out, i was assigned a special job, i was given satchel charges to blow up the objective, when i came up to the tower i had a little trouble setting it, but never the less i manage to place down the charge, as i ran back in a big rush to the heli evac, i looked around and saw the tower blow, it came crashing down into the hill. At the moment i relised this is what ARMA 3 is ment to be like. 9.5/10 -Lewis
game-hours: 49.1
review: I love this game! When it works... Lately I've been unable to play multiplayer (any type of singleplayer mode works fine) as it just causes my computer to freeze when I join a "lobby". It forces me to quit the game through the task manager (doesn't always work) and even then causes things to not work at all forcing to do a restart. It's a shame as the game itself is amazing... Sadly there doesn't seem to be any clues as to why this is happening or of a fix, even though there are several reported instances of this happening from many other people. Hopefully someone figures out the cause of this and it get's fixed.
game-hours: 273.3
review: Great Game nothign else to say, Its really fun to play with friends
game-hours: 87.1
review: Arma 3  o MELHOR simulador de guerra j existente, no se pode descrever muito bem esse jogo em poucas palavras. A campanha  exelence mais oque mais se destaca  o Multiplayer dele que  incrivel.
game-hours: 100.5
review: I like this game looks like a real life
game-hours: 382.2
review: 168 Hours, It is OP
game-hours: 468.4
review: Fantastic game 9/10. Visuals are amazing on any setting above medium. Style of gameplay is completely up to you. Replayability is infinite. Audio is brilliant. The only downfall is the AI (If you have no mods on), the settings for their skill levels needs a bit of refining. It's either they're as dumb as a stump or so smart that they drop you before you can even get ready. Definitely recommend.
game-hours: 386.1
review: This game is great. Not only does it have a great campaign and editor, it offers multiplayer. It is 10x better playing online with friends. And if you ever do get bored with the vanilla game there are mods. A lot of them too. You can also download so many different mods. There are downloads for missions, guns, cars, and a whole lot more. There are also different game modes and scenarios that change how you play the game. This is by far one of my favorite games. So I truly do recommend this game!
game-hours: 205.0
review: Anti-Tank simulator. Fences are the main weakness to every vehicle in the game. Remember this. Also trying to jump over a trash can will instantly kill you. 10/10
game-hours: 64.0
review: Very nice, fixed what ARMA 2 had problems with. Still has some small problems. -Physics -FPS -Lag But really? Its Arma, get over it.
game-hours: 303.5
review: This is an AMAZING Game with many game modes, a bit of d-sync but its amazing, i love the multiplayer and so many mods, import mods, to mods the compleastly change the game and need ARMA 3 as a button, Altis Life ARMA 3 Is a fun multiplayer mission, you can join the Altis Police Department (APD) oor join the Rebelion ! and if you are a fan of mods, ARMA 3 Life will be the mod for you (still work in progress for 2014) And well, the missions and the: Helping You Out Mission thats just the cherry on the cake for this game, i recomend you buy it whiel its in a sale, or just buy it anyway, thanks for reading, Enjoy The Game
game-hours: 682.0
review: This Game is Truly Amazing. Definatly worth the money. The Campain is dinamic allowing you to go on patrols or scouts after every mission and the story line is amazing , not gonna give too much away but you are Cpl. Kerry from Bravo Squad stationed on the island of Stratis staying behind to make sure all NATO elements evacuate the island , unfortunaly things go south and they get attacked by *** forces (Independant) and leaving Kerry alown with his Sgt, they get saved by a British squad who moved onto the island and fight to recontrol the island, and i am not saying anything futher exept for that the Editor has been redone , looks alot more fancy and the customiseation options in the game are well done . ZEUS is the best thing i have seen in ARMA 3 and i truly love to use it . Now if you still reading you havent bought this one hell of a good game
game-hours: 100.6
review: Absolutely amazing gameplay,graphics and lighting are superb. Glitches are never gamebreaking though happen very often in game modes such as Atlis Life and Epoch mod. But is a great game,Buy it! (8/10)
game-hours: 277.3
review: best game ever played! is the best real life shooter game you can have!
game-hours: 135.2
review: Very Good Game!!!
game-hours: 333.9
review: While this game had some major bugs at the begining, it has started to smooth out to be one of the best simulators of all time. Lets start out with the actual simulation. Well you are defaulted to be in First Person everytime you spawn but you can go to third person if you have the keys binded. There is bullet drop, weather, vehicles, weapons(Not real time weapons), and lots of customization options for YOUR soldier. There is tons of fatigues and weapons to choose from if you're playing vanilla. Now if you're playing with mods in your game, you are going to have a even better time playing. Mods can help with AI and add new clothes for your soldier, I.G Helmets, vests, facial protection, and fatiuges. Just a really big tip is if you don't have anyone to play with on this game, find a Milsim unit and I guarentee you won't be bored. 10/10 would join milsim unit again Thx Bohemia Interactive
game-hours: 463.1
review: I have played this game for a long time and have also played arma 2. I would call this game one of the best games out there. There is so many things that you can do that it just does not end. If you are looking for a new game to buy I would say Arma 3 is a great chose.
game-hours: 151.7
review: Man where can I start. This game has made me forget any other game out there (including BF4)...so many options and possibilities. After surviving a really intense firefight our squad made it out alive. We requested to be picked up and the nearest vehicle was a M939 truck I believe. We replenished our ammo and equipment and on our way to the next target our driver fell asleep and we all got killed in the crash...good times. WARNING: If you do not want to spend hours and hours playing do not buy.
game-hours: 232.6
review: This game is almost the perfect PC game (in my oppinion) however it would be great if the game ran a little bit better but apart from that you can mod the living  out of it and spend hundreds of hours playing the various life mods! 12/10 - ME :D
game-hours: 554.5
review: An incredible creation for those with right tools, I simply cannot reccomend this more to those of you with a good amount of RAM and a half decent graphics card, otherwise you are in for a hard time. I like to look at games on how good they can be, not how good they are on a crappy little e-machine. On ARMA3 I have had some of the best memories in PC gaming thanks to the great community that plays it and the ahrd work Bohemia Interactive has put into this masterpiece. Pros: -Active modding community -Great graphics/attention to detail -Engaging and exciting storyline with memorable characters Cons: -You will need a beast PC to have an enjoyable experience -Pricey DLCs -Some issues with FPS (BI says it is related to the engine and will be optimized) Overall I really do reccomend ARMA3 to the military enthusiast to the casual FPS gamer:) Enjoy.
game-hours: 67.6
review: :3
game-hours: 30.4
review: One of the best games I have ever p[ayed I love this game
game-hours: 91.3
review: this is the best game i ever played
game-hours: 349.4
review: i think this might be the most realistic war game i have ever played :)
game-hours: 480.0
review: We seriouslly dont need any explanation for this series. Simply amazing and with the help of the community this get better every day, Steam workshop is a dream come true for the Arma series as it just make the game everlasting. From casual to hadrcore sim style gameplay, it is all here. Why have you not bought this already :)
game-hours: 1257.0
review: Arma 3 is an awesome game that I play often
game-hours: 309.9
review: Great game! Well worth the money.
game-hours: 563.1
review: if you like tactical military simulation genre, buy this, try to explore arma world like altis life, wasteland, and many more cant stop play without it 11/10
game-hours: 95.8
review: no
game-hours: 36.4
review: I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH
game-hours: 126.4
review: This is not your typical shooter, it is more of a simulation game with firefights usually at football feild lengths away unlike the close quarter battles in CoD or MoH. This is not a Shooter with tightly scripted fights and cynimatic bravado, it is a sandbox game in the truest sense of the word especially with the games support of the mod community. If you have basic scripting knowledge or patience then the game opens new possibilities with the fantasic mission editor that alows you to set up single and multiplayer firefights in minutes. Lastly the multiplayer is fun though I find multiplayer is better at a smaller scale with friends on custom missions though if you can get into a warefare game it is a lot of fun playing a large scale realistic RTS/FPS.
game-hours: 39.2
review: I would definitely recommend this game, if you are in to tactical  and great graphics. 10/10 stars
game-hours: 31.8
review: This game copied off of call of duty. Run and gunners get 37 kills while the 37 campers scratch their balls and die. Then they have these a.i missions made by babies for babies. Easiest game I have ever played gonna have to give it 0/10 no quickscoping.
game-hours: 841.5
review: Okay if you are getting the D3D error your graphics card cant handle it just buy a better one its completely worth it. Best game ever.
game-hours: 25.7
review: Very realistic military detail. Accurate radio chatter, sounds, and ballistic mechanics. Use of tactics is vital unlike Call of Duty and that crap where you shoot your way through everything. If you want to immerse your self in a lifelike warzone experience wait till this game is on sale and buy it.
game-hours: 133.6
review: This is war :D
game-hours: 134.4
review: Good game, much wow. 10/10 would do it again.
game-hours: 78.8
review: Best military simulator ever made
game-hours: 64.4
review: Casi tan bueno como la vida real
game-hours: 39.8
review: hi this is my arma 3 review poo
game-hours: 117.1
review: Realistic, Fun, and easy to play when you know simulators. 10/10
game-hours: 277.2
review: This game is brilliant! Hours and Hours of gameplay
game-hours: 24.4
review: Arma 3 is a great game, making many improvements on Arma 2. But it does'nt feel like its finished yet, I know it's still being updated but as its out of beta I thought it would have more than what is has at the moment. Saying that it's still worth a pick up.
game-hours: 34.5
review: fak, need windows 98 to run dis sheet. my gtx titan said no and blew up.
game-hours: 2607.7
review: One of the only games I've found where you can run througha town naked killing people, and hen crashing a helicopter into a building, going into an editor, and fly with 85 planes behind you.
game-hours: 1561.8
review: A fantastic military sim which is only restricted by your imagination.
game-hours: 102.1
review: Went on an AltisLife-Server,started farming peaches,got run over and called a  10/10
game-hours: 1028.4
review: Possible my favourite game on steam ATM
game-hours: 315.3
review: I love Arma 3 ....and the game is amazing... but isn't it time for the bugs to get fixed ? I am tired of dying when going down the stairs...getting stuck next to rocks, getting stuck inside of rocks.... not being able to sit/lay down on a big *** flat hills/boulders .... Release Date: 12 Sep, 2013 .... its almost 2015 ...
game-hours: 41.3
review: I Love It
game-hours: 56.7
review: This game will leave you in tears of how awesome this is!! 10/10
game-hours: 342.2
review: Excellent game - with many, many options.
game-hours: 152.9
review: Rant about why I enjoy the game -Great game! I love the campaign so far, user made content is brilliant, and so far my favorite multiplayer game mode is King of The Hill ( 3 teams fight for one objective), it's nice because it has a leveling system and saves your level and gear. I also enjoy wasteland, a gamemode where players have to fend for themselves or band together and build massive  shaped forts! (Just kidding but if that was an option, it'd probably happen) Wasteland is a nice gamemode because there are tons of vehicles just lyin about, loaded with guns and ammo, and the moment you get near it an attack helicopter piloted by AI swoops in to say hello, at least that's how one of my many lives went, AI don't roam freely in wasteland, but are side objectives in the game, and if you kill all of them, you could get anything from a box with guns in it to a helicopter loaded to the max with missiles and bullets (But of course it doesn't have fuel, so fresh spawns can't roll up and steal your helo while you are taking out the AI guarding it) Cons - AI can be a bit tricky to deal with, making campaign a pain in the  at times - AI take a moment to ragdoll upon death, and I find myself empying half a magazine directly into them not realizing that they've died - Vehicle mechanics could be better, although they aren't terrible - VAULTING!!! I find myself vaulting my way through objects, and into rocks and all sors of terrible things like that, not sure why devs didn't add jumping, or something with less potential to cause problems OVERALL Is it a bad game?  no, I love it, even though it doesn't have the best mechanics *COUGH* (vaulting), BUT, if you are looking for a nice singleplayer experience, I wouldn't necessarily reccomend the game to you unless you plan on spending hours raging at the AI in campaign, although the campaign is quite amazing in itself it is also quite challenging. Basically if you want to get the game, get it if you have a few friends or if you'd like to make a few on multiplayer, otherwise maybe not the best game for you, I bought the game after playing a little bit of ArmA II on my uncles PC, I enjoyed it, but the AI were overpowered, and I saw that this was coming out so I took a go at it and really enjoyed it, and I think you probably will too! SIDE NOTE I typed this all at 8:46 A.M. after staying up all night, I'm going to enjoy reading this later when I'm in my normal mind
game-hours: 111.4
review: One of the best simulator games i played!
game-hours: 83.6
review: So much better than Arma 2. 9/10 for me
game-hours: 4.2
review: 1 IS DOWN 5 IS DOWN 6:ENEMY RIFLE 100 METERS-FRONT 6 IS DOWN
game-hours: 6.9
review: Arma 3 is a great military simulation game, very realistic and the graphics look incredible! the game has a ton of gameplay possibilities and options, huge amounts of content and modding keep in mind you need a good system to run this game at a decent frame rate with high-ultra settings. Overall score: 9/10
game-hours: 1070.4
review: my favorite game
game-hours: 156.7
review: Sniping people from about 2000m with a .50... Get's killed by AI 2000m away from me...with a pistol... Really good game 10/10
game-hours: 75.6
review: Big difference over arma 2. Very fun, and can be challenging. Online play is amazing!
game-hours: 596.4
review: Before playing this game you should ask yourself - what military operation would you like to play? Do you want to be a sniper? Do you want to be a part in a big combined arms operations? Do you want to ride a tank? Helicopter? Kart? Do you want to be a civilian and simply role-play your wild dreams? Do you want to play as a god? Really, there is not much to be said about ARMA that has not been said - yes, there are bugs, yes it is still a bit laggy, but it gets better. And it will get better because developers still update game and listen to fans feedback. You can have hundreds of mods, do whatever you want to do or simply follow missions. It is all up to you. This is main difference between other military shooters - it is a sandbox concept, which means you are buying lot of games in one.
game-hours: 361.2
review: Great game, so many game modes its hard to get bored.
game-hours: 441.7
review: Disappointed in the full release. Copy-paste content between the factions (static weapons, launchers, pretty much all vehicle turrets, drones) really kills it. Seriously. 3 factions, and all 3 of them use the same AT/AA launchers, retextured UAV/UGVs, MRAPs have the same turret, the 2 AA and mobile arty vehicles are just the same retextured turret on a tank base. AI is still ridiculously stupid. At huge ranges they are superhuman, relying on pure aiming ability to be amazing, but at close range often ignore you when you're in front of them, blundering all over the place and eventually shooting the floor in front of you... Drivers crash into walls all the time, tanks don't engage the way you ask them to, gunners sometimes continually fire even though you'd told them to hold fire many many times. The action menu is still in. Disgusting and annoying. Optimisation is horrific, as usual. Hundreds of square kilometers of map to play on, but place down any more than 20/30 individual squad groups and the game grinds down to a halt, especially ruining multiplayer. Sure it's pretty, and Altis is beautiful, and the stances are a nice addition, as is PhysX on vehicles. But a lot of the major points they made got glossed over massively. They said it was set in the future to allow artistic freedom whereas what we've got is altered modern day vehicles (e.g. the Merkava), copy pasted turrets, and retextures of just 1 model on some of the biggest new features (SDV, UGV, UAV, Quadrotor). Same launcher for most factions. All statics/mortars the same for every faction. Same missiles on aircraft. Only 1 jet. Campaign not on release. "Release" was just Altis+some new vehicles. Basically, to me it looks like they got lazy. I hate that idea, so instead I guess they must have run out of time, copy-pasting turrets and vehicles and static weapons between the factions, skimping on promised features, and ignoring big issues, to get Altis out on the date they said they were going to. They bit off more than they can chew, and they're still refusing to acknowledge this. A real real real shame. 6/10. Game is wonderful... but it could have been so much better if they'd just delayed their "release" a few months to actually finish the thing. This crossed with Arma 2's range of content, plus actual optimisation, would be a godly game.
game-hours: 360.1
review: Its awsome you should try it
game-hours: 166.2
review: Jogo . Jogabilidade incrivel e vrios modos de jogo.
game-hours: 64.9
review: Day 1: Ran around Altis with no idea what to do, got kidnapped, kidney stolen. Day 2: Found a car, gun and armor, tried to team with a guy, knocked out and got my kidney stolen. Day 3: Killed a guy for his gear, got attacked by 6 of his friends, kidney stolen. DEFINITELY RECCOMEND THIS GAME
game-hours: 1.4
review: this game rock
game-hours: 1.1
review: This uniqe game offers a much much more realistic combat experince then any other shooter. Call Of Duty and BattleFeild have been left in the dust years ago.
game-hours: 451.3
review: Time has no value when playing this game, hours are mere seconds. It's like a crack addiction, you cant get enough and you just dont know when to stop. 10/10
game-hours: 69.4
review: this is an awesome game very fun to play with friends,great graphics, worth the price
game-hours: 653.7
review: Don't buy this game expecting a quick FPS twitch shooter, this is a tactical military simulation. Yes, you do sometimes have to be quick with a rifle, but a lot of the game is getting the right rifle into the right place at the right time. Plan your attack. Prioritise your targets. Place your team. Only then, do you open fire. And remember, in every war, there's always luck and chance that plays a hand. It's a great game, if you are prepared to to put the time in to play it properly.
game-hours: 1697.8
review: Best game! 10/10
game-hours: 41.4
review: I recommend this game if its on sale, but if it isn't, its not really worth 49.99 euro. But it's still fun andreally great looking.
game-hours: 865.3
review: This game is full of action, even when commanding.
game-hours: 595.2
review: its the best game ever i want all to buy it
game-hours: 205.0
review: Best game ever not so fast paced as BF4 or COD*
game-hours: 173.0
review: Best games ive played in awhile.
game-hours: 27.4
review: The SP missions are exciting and very challenging. I haven't played online yet.
game-hours: 146.5
review: Greatest military game ever
game-hours: 187.1
review: damn this is good
game-hours: 59.6
review: My friend shot me in the foot and left me to die. 10/10 But in all seriousness, ArmA 3 is a beautiful game and is tons of fun. There is a lot to do with this game, from booting up the editor and having you and a group of friends do a mission, to helicopter flight practice. Playing ArmA 2 with the Dayz mod has really gotten me into ArmA, and I enjoy it.
game-hours: 236.4
review: A very good game for those who likes action & shooting. 12/10 Would Play. I really recommend this game.
game-hours: 259.9
review: Amazing
game-hours: 454.4
review: Arma 3 is probably one of the most 'moment' making games I've ever played. When I first began and still to this day when I play it, every now and then I get some awesome "Holy , that was awesome!" moments in there that no other title that I personally have experienced was able to deliver quite as well as Arma 3 does. For example times where I was able to blow up a convoy of armored vehicles, and helicopters flying low with just a red pickup truck that was missing a wheel, or another where a few friends, and I were able to bring a team together and establish a base stocking it with vehicles to then fly squads out while blasting 'Fortunate son' on the vehicle channel. The graphics are also absolutely stunning, especially with all the incredible amount of detail that Bohemia Interactive have put into this game for example: That the rear, and side view mirrors on cars actually work or the fact that your character's mouth actually moves when you speak in game. I can't say much about the Singleplayer for Arma 3 other than that it has one, it's not my thing but it may be yours on the other hand the Multiplayer is where the real meat of the game is at. The Community is still thriving even after the game has been out for just over a year. You'll be able to find a clan to play with if you wish to do so, or always be able to find well populated servers. There are quite a few things you can do in Arma 3 just to name off a few: King of the Hill, Wasteland, Battle Royale, and Co-op missions. It also has a mode called Zeus where a person plays as a 'Game Master' persay where they get an up top view on the battlefield and have the ability to be able to spawn vehicles, enemies or various other objects along with create objectives and missions on the fly for players on the ground in real time. It's very cool and fun to play around with once you learn the ropes. The game played solo can be quite fun, but to get the most out of this game you have to either make a few friends, or bring some of your own along for the ride. Communication, and teamwork are quite important to the game and will increase your chances of success. For the downsides of the game is that it has a decent learning curve on new players to the series like flying a helicopter or plane, and simply just learning the controls. The game is also decently demanding on PCs especially when servers get populated over 60 players you may experience some drops in the FPS. At the end of the day I'd recommend this game to anybody who loves military shooters and absolutely love having unique and amazing moments, or stories to tell. I give this game a 9/10 Boasting hours upon hours of content to be played either just the vanilla game or the large amount of community created content and scenarios. I just keep wanting to come back to this game just to experience one more of those amazing experiences that Arma 3 continues to give.
game-hours: 392.5
review: The best Fps Sim ever!
game-hours: 64.1
review: Totally worth buy if you're into strategic and intense FPS gaming. Take good ol' Delta Force 2 and Rainbow Six, let them have fun in the closet until they appear back in modern days, and you got ArmA3. It won't give you any mercy, you die a lot, but I'm 100% sure this game will teach you how to be better soldier also in real life. Never gonna miss those headshots again. Over and out.
game-hours: 416.5
review: en amazing
game-hours: 148.2
review: It's optimization was done by an autistc four year old, and it's pretty much only fun with friends. Would recommend.
game-hours: 336.8
review: get the game on sale.
game-hours: 12.1
review: I recommend this game only if my brother, Tommy plays it. :)
game-hours: 50.9
review: Sandbox Milsim. 290 square km map.
game-hours: 63.7
review: tbh, i havent expected that arma 3 ever get in a state that its playable. but now, nearly stabil 40 fps on Invade&Annex and a lot of fun. Buuuut.. atleast its a BI Game, so wait for a Sale cuz its not worth 40$ ... sry BI iam just honest <3
game-hours: 549.2
review: Supports the new Unreal Engine 4 with best bugs ever and flying spazzing cars with rollercoaster effects you have never seen before. YES
game-hours: 66.6
review: Simply the best game ever. With all the mods and expansions, I don't see how wanting any other game is possible. I wish I would have bought this before buying DayZ to save myself the money.
game-hours: 371.3
review: ArmA III: Is a outstanding fps simulation, that has great graphics; fluent and realistic gameplay. Although it is 39.99 it is worth the money. The open world is amazing it includes;a underwater world enviroment; cool new vehiciles like the Hunter, bodacious air play with planes, ospreys and helicopters. Finally immersive infantry gameplay with awsome weapons. Thats why you should definatley get if, also i want someone to play ArmA III: with me.
game-hours: 158.6
review: Got killed by a naked man carring a .50cal. 10/10
game-hours: 81.0
review: I will quote a good friend of mine; "Steam winter sale FTW. ARMA is 50% off again - which makes it priced about right given the ery required to make it work all snazzy." Best Arma review ever. If you can run the gauntlet, this game is brilliant. If you expect to download something, and have it work, best wait awhile.
game-hours: 7.9
review: this game has great bullet ballistics , best I have ever seen in any consumer pc game... only thing. this game should have Linux support....
game-hours: 242.6
review: Truly one of the most visually realistic games I've ever beheld. Plus the modding community has raised it's replay value to the maximum value.
game-hours: 206.8
review: day 5: still have no idea how to shoot... 10/10 This Game... I love it
game-hours: 291.0
review: Decent game, although a bit graphics intensive. Uber-realistic. Have fun finding enemies...
game-hours: 14.5
review: As a battlefield fan for its slightly more tactical approach to combat (if you play it right) then Call of duty, i can say ive never played a game like this, its more tactical then any game i could of imagined being. I love this game and would recommend it to anybody who isnt a Call of duty fan.
game-hours: 2000.2
review: The Arma series is one of the greatest I have ever played and it continues to be my gaming choice. The game is for hardcore FPS tactical shooters, it is seen as a milsim and a sandbox game. Remember slow is fast and fast is slow...
game-hours: 286.3
review: One of best experiences in multiplayer in my life. Most of times i do mil-sim coop so this game is worth all money if you don't expect cod or bf like gameplay
game-hours: 460.7
review: its is fun.
game-hours: 4020.7
review: Best Game Ever !
game-hours: 166.8
review: It's a good game ! ( OverPoch to dayz mod is so awesome ! ) BEST BUY
game-hours: 201.0
review: Bought some LSD in Altis Life, ran from the cops when they noticed Purple smoke coming from my Truck. And hired a getaway helicopter only to find out I didnt have the Helicopter DLC. I got arrested and went to jail for 1:10:00 minutes. The guy in the Helicopter tried to break me out of jail. I only then realized that u cant get in copilot if u dont have DLC. I am not a wanted fugitive and have 3 bounties of 10million on me. 100/10
game-hours: 1205.7
review: So you're laying behind a rock listening to bullets crack by and looking out a few feet to your side at the body of your buddy wondering if he's just passed out or if he's been killed like the rest of your squad was. Suddenly all you can hear is the roar of the A-164 cannon as it screams overhead and the sky goes red with the fire from explosions. You peek out at the burning remains of the enemy forces and breathe a sigh of relief for the first time in the last hour. Those moments are why you play Arma.
game-hours: 49.9
review: Extremely fun and a bit of an adrenaline rush at times if you are playing wasteland or KOTH, recommend playing with a crew and get some comms up for the ultimate experience! I plan to spend more time pew pewing baddies and taking their loot! Quite and amazing amount of detail in the game, sometimes im amazed at the littlest things I see in game.
game-hours: 115.0
review: yea This is amazing if you like blowing  up flying  driving  killing
game-hours: 147.1
review: TOP NOTCH GAME ENJOYED EVEN MORE WITH GREAT NEW FRIENDS AND OLD ONES ALIKE
game-hours: 111.6
review: The game is so realistic that I have contracted PTSD.
game-hours: 266.0
review: Very entertaining but has some problems such as some of the worst optimization and lack of content that they try to sell to us in dlc but is overall a good game
game-hours: 15.6
review: I love this game to bits. My only problem is my PC isn't that powerfull, so I can't experiance the whole moment. Im going to get this game for my friend, and would do so if I could with everyone in the world.
game-hours: 1472.4
review: If it fits, I sit
game-hours: 3.7
review: Can write review even though i dont own. Good Game Tho 121034104014021040/10
game-hours: 120.4
review: wud reccommend 10/10 wud sex this game
game-hours: 364.6
review: 11/10
game-hours: 61.2
review: Just ing get it.
game-hours: 30.7
review: BEST GAME EVER..... HELICOPTERS CAR ATV A VAST RANGE OF WEAPONRY
game-hours: 13.7
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 21.8
review: no quickscoping 10/10
game-hours: 469.4
review: Needs less war
game-hours: 218.4
review: Not as good as arma 2 but its alright i guess
game-hours: 223.5
review: Enemy Ai is Amazing Friendly Ai is terrible Love it
game-hours: 298.6
review: GREAT GAME
game-hours: 221.7
review: Other than the fact that Bohemia has to yet add bipods and IED's, which I find quite lame and  because they are basic concepts to a sim shooter(I shouldn't have to put a trigger down for a proximity IED, should work just like a mine). Luckly their are mods and the game is very fun once you get used to using mods. Playing this game with a group is a must as the AI are not the greatest on pathfinding, but are fully capable of sniping you across the map. Arma has a great modding community and tries to cover for Bohemia's shortfalls and does a great job. In game mission editor is very similar to the Arma II mission editor, but the modules system helps it stand out. It gives you hints on how to use the modules and doesn't rely on you having to put in a bunch of scripts. However you still can use scripts for greater flexablity. I will personally be wasting more hours on this game.
game-hours: 216.1
review: k
game-hours: 1008.3
review: Very buggy, But beautiful, Tactical, Realistic, Adrenaline intense action, Many weapons, Cars, Helicopters, Boats, Airplanes. One of the best Simulators with big landscapes (Open world) with many places to hide and plan advanced ambushes. Enjoy!
game-hours: 162.1
review: This is the best military sim
game-hours: 657.5
review: A really fun game that is a great improvement compared to arma 2 when it comes to combat and animations as well as the variety of gamemodes. However, the game is a little "unfinished" or requires a little more refurbishment when it comes to general points such as audio and factions (combat audio such as firefight sounds including distancing of gunshot sounds is disapointing). However, overall, the game is a deffinate must buy and some improvements can be made with few simple mods easy to download.
game-hours: 59.6
review: Arma 3 is a really niche experience. It is refreshing to play an Arma game when the market is so saturated with MW type military shooters. To truly appreciate the realism and immersion of Arma 3 you have to find a good server to play on. I have not played a game in recent memory that provides the realism that this one does and the community is really the driving force behind that. The gameplay is solid, but the learning curve is somewhat larger than your average shooter. Combat is not in your face, but tends to be long range engagements that last a significant amount of time. The single player options are decent, and provide a good means for learning the game, but you should not buy this game if you are looking for a single player experience. My only other significant complaint is how poorly optimized this game is. It is a pretty game, very pretty actually, but it runs so poorly on even decent rigs that it can become quite frustrating. 7.5/10
game-hours: 80.3
review: Thought about buying this for a long time. Arma 2 was great, but i wasnt sure if this was any good. If you haven't played Arma 3, buy it now. You wont believe what kind of situations occur there.
game-hours: 167.8
review: Got some friends. Made a badass group named The Orphanage. Once teamed up with the Sock Rebellion. Meet people and make them Orphans. Robbed the Federal Reserve. Took over a town. This all happened in the afternoon. #NoRagrets
game-hours: 429.3
review: We destroyed a helicopter so hard, it crashed the server 10/10
game-hours: 163.9
review: This game is excellent! If you are looking for a realistic military shooter, you got it. But becareful and check your specs, cause its hell on the machine.
game-hours: 447.2
review: dont hesistate buy it!
game-hours: 627.1
review: One of my all time favorites. Game has come a long way from Operation Flashpoint and it doesn't disappoint.
game-hours: 679.4
review: best game. cause theres no other words to describe this.
game-hours: 488.7
review: Arma 3 is a very diverse game with many different games modes and mods. Some of the popular gamemodes are King of the Hill, Battleroyale, and Wasteland. There are also many co-operative mission you can do with people if you choose to do so. You can instlal different mods like guns, vehicles, missions and other things. Then theres Breaking Point a mod that involves zombies (be warned it is a very big download like 20+ GB) it can be hard to survive people and most people will try to kill you so be warned. Last note is there is going to be a Arma 3 Epoch Namalsk map coming.
game-hours: 595.9
review: This game is one of the rare game that has always something new, the community is big and has a lot of modders. You will always find something to do, but I warn you it doesn't run smoothly often and for me this is the only problem. I hope you will consider buying it if you are looking to play for tones of hours and fun! See you on Arma!
game-hours: 1194.7
review: This Game is a fun open world game if you have money and you like military play this GAME
game-hours: 453.4
review: I need help i got a big lg tv and on arma the fps gose down i was thinking if i get a pc screen would that help the fps im playing on a lg big tv but every time i look up at the sky the fps gose up to 50 i get 30 fps on very high so what u think if i get a pc screen would that help the fps ????
game-hours: 403.7
review: Great game! I always loved the Arma Series it begon with OFP First Arma and the graphic's of this game are stunning! but i don't like the future vehicles ect but its awsome with mods :D
game-hours: 34.9
review: this gotta be one of the best games i have ever seen
game-hours: 119.7
review: It's one of the most accurate action/mil-sim game i've ever played. There is nothing else like this out there. 10/10
game-hours: 170.4
review: Awesome game, most of times. On your first time playing it's frustrating but on the other hand, a good game. Must get your hands on!
game-hours: 353.6
review: this game is so far the best FPS game i have played but i do recomend a good graphics card i have recomended this to sa many people and they loved it so try it
game-hours: 355.2
review: ai engine is superb great to play against ai that have intellegence and work together the map and game types are great both online and single player the weapons have been designed and work well the vehicles are great too. would reccomend this game very highly
game-hours: 125.7
review: bought this game 1 year ago afther i build my own game pc one of the best games i have ever purchased there are so many diffrent mods you can have fun in like the all new overpoch from arma 2 now in arma 3 :D wasteland,battleroyale and all the hours of playing altis life and being a good civi or a cold blooded criminal the wrokshop is a good place to find some awesome singleplayer mission or co-op missions to do with your friends still love this game afther 1 year 10/10
game-hours: 236.0
review: The most played game from my library. That's says it all.
game-hours: 1982.4
review: Best Military Sim ever.
game-hours: 0.9
review: I don't even have the game but it's allowing me to write this. I win.
game-hours: 87.9
review: 10/10, most fun I've had in any Steam game.
game-hours: 347.9
review: TOP NOTCH
game-hours: 370.3
review: The* best military simulator on the market. It's the only game where one or two bad guys at the right time, and in the right situation, will get your heart pumping. My go-to game. Highly recomended to anybody who has played a military shooter and thought, "I wish I could do X, and Y." Doesn't matter what X and Y are, the majority of the time, you can do it in ARMA.
game-hours: 46.0
review: Jogo incrivel para quem gosta de guerra muito realista.. recomendo
game-hours: 52.3
review: pls add swords to this game.
game-hours: 913.9
review: Most played in my library for a reason... the workshop and people who continuosly add more to this game make it worth every penny and some! This game fills the role as a war sim, survival, RP, helicopter, fighter jet and even go kart game... and so much more... do it
game-hours: 164.9
review: This is the best military shooter i have ever played. With the option to download and create content from the workshop you have the option to play this game for ever !! Only downside is the fact that i need to wait for the campaign but hey enough to do until then ! 9/10
game-hours: 697.3
review: Arma 3 & Dayz r not just a normall games to play , it's a life to live .
game-hours: 495.0
review: Honestly, I didn't think the Arma franchise could get any better. A3 proved me wrong. Just get the game, you'll enjoy it.
game-hours: 95.8
review: no
game-hours: 36.4
review: I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH
game-hours: 126.4
review: This is not your typical shooter, it is more of a simulation game with firefights usually at football feild lengths away unlike the close quarter battles in CoD or MoH. This is not a Shooter with tightly scripted fights and cynimatic bravado, it is a sandbox game in the truest sense of the word especially with the games support of the mod community. If you have basic scripting knowledge or patience then the game opens new possibilities with the fantasic mission editor that alows you to set up single and multiplayer firefights in minutes. Lastly the multiplayer is fun though I find multiplayer is better at a smaller scale with friends on custom missions though if you can get into a warefare game it is a lot of fun playing a large scale realistic RTS/FPS.
game-hours: 39.2
review: I would definitely recommend this game, if you are in to tactical  and great graphics. 10/10 stars
game-hours: 322.9
review: PC gamer Must Have!
game-hours: 496.8
review: Excellent graphics and fantastic team play. If you want a game that is realistic and fast paced then this is the one for you. There are also chances to go solo in several multiplayer servers if thats your style!
game-hours: 1145.2
review: Best game Ever 10/10
game-hours: 0.1
review: I THINK IT IS A EPIC GAME
game-hours: 638.2
review: This game comes with TONS of mods you can play like Alits Life, Wasteland, Breakingpoint(DayZ) and Epoch! Awesome graphic awesome gameplay awesome realistic! 11/10 Tire would blowout with net fence again!
game-hours: 0.1
review: Meh.
game-hours: 91.7
review: If you love military simulators or just plain out love the military this game is by far the best out of any other game to play. I have played Arma 2 and OA and ever since Arma 3 came out I have not touched arma 2 or OA. This game has a learning curve but ask people in multiplayer or play the campaign for help. Overall 10/10.
game-hours: 466.6
review: Awesome game, major improvements, especially the voice acting because in ArmA 2, it was horrible to listen to. Although there is plenty of random crashes, this is afterall alpha so it has time to be improved, but just from the alpha I've had a great time.
game-hours: 1.9
review: Always a fan of the arma series and i love to support their games and continue to be a supporter for a long time. Keep up the good work! <3
game-hours: 332.4
review: Having played ArmA 2 for almost two years before ArmA 3 came out, I had high expectations for ArmA 3. Now, Before I get into specifics about the game, I have to say ArmA 3 is one of the best games you can get without having to buy any DLC to enjoy a full experience. ArmA 3 is an amazing first person shooter that involves a bit of strategy to win. Whether it means inserting into an enemy camp via SDV or hiking it across altis just to take an enemy helicopter for a spin, You have to come up with a plan to have a successful mission. Now, ArmA 3 isn't just about objectives and killing virtual entities. ArmA is about a massive multiplayer community made up of players, Mod Makers, Scripters, Cinematics Creators, and many more. If you think vanilla has an extremely large amount of content, Wait til you get a look at all of the mods and missions created by just the player base. Pros Extremely fun and adrenaline pumping gameplay Crazy amounts of mods available Extremely large and diverse player base Very well made models and objects High end graphics Not very many hackers Large amount of servers to choose from Lots of updates Cons Physics can sometimes be a bummer when attempting unusual missions or actions Can be hard to run for some people Can be a little hard to learn how to play Again, Physics Overall, I give ArmA 3 a 10/10. This game has exceeded my expectations. I can replay this game everyday for a week and still not want to put it down. If you are looking for a first person shooter that involves a crazy amount of strategy and content, This is the game for you.
game-hours: 4.1
review: Bought this game on sale for $33 and was not dissappointed. Ive played the second one and this one is just 10x better. Once my exams are over im going to get so many hours on this amazing game! :D This is the story for my first day in Altis life... I join a nice server which seemed to have nice people and they seemed to beonly rude to the cops. I am invited into a little group by this one guy to have some fun with.. 20 minutes later im in the back of a truck with a guy holding a gun to my face and im  my pants here.... So they take me into a hideout where they make me sing for them and then they kill me. As i wait for a medic im being t-bagged by like 10 people which is not cool. Once the medic came they killed him too and started t-bagging him. I then respawned a new man with a horrible past :( Great game overall :D 10/10
game-hours: 8.3
review: Even better with the steam workshop addons. Highly reccommend.
game-hours: 219.2
review: Arma 3, Where to start? -Amazing Modding community -Huge Multiplayer (Milsim Communities eg ShackTac) -In-game Mission Maker -ZEUS! -Advaned Flight model (New to the game) -Firing from vehicles (New to the game) -Nice Campaign -2 Maps (But the modding community have more) -Tactial game, Long-range firefights -Really Realistic, Not like COD or Battlefield! It has really Unique gameplay. Good Game 10/10
game-hours: 1884.5
review: this is an amazing game as a fps as well as enabling the player a truely immersive realism experiance the multiplayer experiance of the game is truely second to none with community members contributing maps and missions to the steam workshop as well as community modders hard at work the potential for this game is quite limitless
game-hours: 182.2
review: If you have to read a review of Arma 3 to decide whether or not to jump in, buy the game.... Seriously.. You've played shooters before I'm sure, and you've thought to yourself "I wish you could do _______" Enter Arma 3, where doing _________ is what you do.. Whatever you can imagine, you can do... If it doesn't come out of the box, someone has probably made it. Mods, team play, and strategy is what it's all about.. You're not usually playing AGAINST other players... Instead you play WITH other players, against some of the most realistic AI I have ever seen.. All Arma games to date have been amazing, but ARMA 3 takes a leap, simplifying the controls, while providing more and exciting options for the seasoned player.. It is truly the culmination of all we've wanted in a decade of ARMA... Buy it.. You'll love it.. There are too many features to list here, but let's just say, you'll get in, and you'll never get out...
game-hours: 321.5
review: If you want to drive BAD  TANKS, JETS, OR HELICOPTERS THAT ARE ALL ARMED TO THE TEETH buy this game, if you want Fun cooperative gameplay and tactical, realistic fire fights, buy this game. The realism is insane, from actually needing a First aid kit to treat a wound, to having to find parts to repair a vehicle this game is sweet!
game-hours: 577.8
review: This is a great game for anyone with experience with first person shooters. You might not want to buy this as your first FPS game becasue of the steep learning curve and the amount if controls. but after some time it becomes a lot of fun. i have had a lot of good experiences in this game that i dont think i could get from another FPS. It has many cool features that you just cant get from other games, like for example the ability to make use of any vehichle around you and use that as an advantage in the field. or maybe get a laser deignator off an enemy body and use that to mark targets for your friends. there is even gamemodes for roleplay. like altis life, and arma 3 life which can be fun if you like to roleplay with other people. I think the possibilities in this game are endless. you can make your own missions and submit them to the workshop for other people to download and rate, etc. I have had more than 500 hrs in this game and i think every one was a lot of fun. 10/10
game-hours: 152.6
review: Great game  myself over the graphics
game-hours: 1036.9
review: Oh, Arma. You treat me like dirt, yet I still want to be in you. Walking the thin line between love and hate.
game-hours: 645.4
review: Great game !
game-hours: 127.5
review: ARMA... I play the series of ARMA / Operation Flashpoint (Cold War Assault) since ... I think more then 12 years now. Of course I had some breaks, played many many other games, but I keep coming back to it again and again. ARMA 3 is hmm, how can I say - an uncut diamond. At the moment there is a great base for the community, as there are many bugs annoying the community. We wanted it early, we got it early, so now we have to deal with the consequences - bugs, beta stadium campaign / scenarios. It already is a great tactical shooter just like the ancessors, I give both of my thumbs up - with one pointing at Bohemia Interactive (I adore you guys) for wanting them finish the game once.
game-hours: 91.0
review: Awesome game to play with some friends, lots of fun but requires a good PC.
game-hours: 18.0
review: So good I spent this time on making this part of a song made by Epic Rap Battles Of History Mozart vs. Skrillex :) Was that a verse or did you just get the hiccups, im a protegie sonny & im about to smack a guy up, my music is 200 years old & its still excellent, in 2 more months away everyone will forget about you Skrillex, I cant belive the way you dress when you dubstep out of the house, your like a emo Steve Argyle uhhh, reeka dead mouse, I am the world's greatest composer, no one knows what you are, except a lonley little troll who knows how to press a space bar! - Mozart
game-hours: 138.2
review: I highly recommend this game if you were a huge fan of Arma 2, like me. This game is quality there is nothing like it in the world the endless hours of fun you can have when playing it makes you feel like your a Pilot ready to blow up some stuff, or a ship captain looking for caves and other odd things like that so. Well worth 40 pounds Great game Great game Great game Hope this has helped.
game-hours: 21.8
review: no quickscoping 10/10
game-hours: 469.4
review: Needs less war
game-hours: 218.4
review: Not as good as arma 2 but its alright i guess
game-hours: 223.5
review: Enemy Ai is Amazing Friendly Ai is terrible Love it
game-hours: 298.6
review: GREAT GAME
game-hours: 203.0
review: This is one of the Greatest game out I play A3L all the time is alot of fun.#LirikForLife
game-hours: 90.9
review: I got DayZ SA... Wasted over 500 hours! Got ARMA3... Drank tea with God for 50 hours!
game-hours: 193.8
review: I Love this game.
game-hours: 67.0
review: It is really a great ecperience with friends and foes It gets my vote that is for sure
game-hours: 34.3
review: Thaught me how to use a grid properly, failled miserably due to lack of understanding of geometry. Education has failed me on geometry.
game-hours: 60.5
review: Found a tank Killed a naked guy Made millions :D
game-hours: 334.2
review: I love this game and have played with it for almost a year, i do recommend for anyone who is into tactical and teamwork based fps
game-hours: 376.5
review: Probably one of the best FPS, military simulator, with endless user add-on and mods I have ever played in my life. It's to the point this game is the only one I still play. It's far from Call of Duty and sort of reminds me of the old Battlefield games but better. I give it a 10/10 not for the game only but the the continuous community and their mods.
game-hours: 173.4
review: I can't complain, this game delivers on what I was exspecting. I have all other games in the Arma series aside from a small few of the Arma 2 expansions. I love the ballistics, you get a more realistic feel for how a real firearm operates. There is much more to take into account than your simple fps. The series is great and worth a try, the controls can be intimidating but they are managable if you invest some time in training and getting a feel for it. This is a simulator so things are gonna be alot tougher than your typical war game. The AI friendly AI could use some more fine tuning and tweaking, I have had to put a few bullets into a couple insubordinate AI team mates for laying fire on targets a 1000 meters away thus helping bring more aid and attention to the base we were originally assaulting. The game is not without its bugs, and it is also a heavy on your processor much like Arma 2 was but indeed it is definatly a step up in graphics. It could use a larger armory, but there is a great mod cummunity that works on things like that to help the process along. Can't wait to get my Saitek x55 Rhino pro H.O.T.A.S. to be able to enjoy the helicopters alot more.
game-hours: 39.4
review: I absolutely love this game mainly for the mods to it. I really enjoy playing rounds of Battle Royale. It is even better with a few teammates. It can get pretty intense at times. I do like their Breaking Point mod. It can get pretty intense. 10/10 gameplay experience
game-hours: 366.6
review: The most dangerous things in Arma 3 are as follows. -Stairs -AI -Rocks -Teammates -The car you are driving -The Enemy
game-hours: 53.0
review: My first game on A3 brought me the most horrific experience I've ever had in any game, ever. We're on our way to the objective, a small dump east of a town occupied by enemy forces. I'm leading a team of 4 men. We come to a crossroad and I sprint across, telling my men to hold back. I cross a few more times, trying to get a response from any snipers. Nothing. I run, my SAW gunner runs, my medic runs. But I kept my Marksman on the other side to make sure we'd make it across. Anybody seen Full Metal Jacket all the way through? Remember the sniper scene? The marksman takes a round in the leg as we're running and goes down. He then takes two more in the chest. The kid who was playing had some mad acting skills, he played it up to 11 here. He screams as he's being shot. Crawling, drenched in his own blood. "SARGE? YOU AIN'T LEAVING ME OUT HERE LIKE THIS, RIGHT? I-I WANNA GO WITH YOU GUYS! C'MON SARGE, H-HELP ME! C'MON! PLEASE DON'T LEAVE ME!" he died after that. I cried and he respawned. I would recommend getting :)
game-hours: 12.7
review: Drove an Atv while laying down, only super elite combat units can do this. 10/10 its like skyrim but with guns. - ign
game-hours: 447.2
review: dont hesistate buy it!
game-hours: 627.1
review: One of my all time favorites. Game has come a long way from Operation Flashpoint and it doesn't disappoint.
game-hours: 679.4
review: best game. cause theres no other words to describe this.
game-hours: 488.7
review: Arma 3 is a very diverse game with many different games modes and mods. Some of the popular gamemodes are King of the Hill, Battleroyale, and Wasteland. There are also many co-operative mission you can do with people if you choose to do so. You can instlal different mods like guns, vehicles, missions and other things. Then theres Breaking Point a mod that involves zombies (be warned it is a very big download like 20+ GB) it can be hard to survive people and most people will try to kill you so be warned. Last note is there is going to be a Arma 3 Epoch Namalsk map coming.
game-hours: 595.9
review: This game is one of the rare game that has always something new, the community is big and has a lot of modders. You will always find something to do, but I warn you it doesn't run smoothly often and for me this is the only problem. I hope you will consider buying it if you are looking to play for tones of hours and fun! See you on Arma!
game-hours: 1194.7
review: This Game is a fun open world game if you have money and you like military play this GAME
game-hours: 453.4
review: I need help i got a big lg tv and on arma the fps gose down i was thinking if i get a pc screen would that help the fps im playing on a lg big tv but every time i look up at the sky the fps gose up to 50 i get 30 fps on very high so what u think if i get a pc screen would that help the fps ????
game-hours: 403.7
review: Great game! I always loved the Arma Series it begon with OFP First Arma and the graphic's of this game are stunning! but i don't like the future vehicles ect but its awsome with mods :D
game-hours: 34.9
review: this gotta be one of the best games i have ever seen
game-hours: 119.7
review: It's one of the most accurate action/mil-sim game i've ever played. There is nothing else like this out there. 10/10
game-hours: 460.2
review: From riding in a go-kart attached to a helicopter to stealing peoples organs for money(not that i do that :P). One of the best games ive ever played!
game-hours: 57.9
review: Awesome game if you like arma 2 you will love arma 3 despite the amazing graphics it plays pretty well and there is a ton to do. I'd say buy this game but at a risk of you may not be able to run it considering its such a cpu intensive game I hope you enjoy It like I have though Have Fun!
game-hours: 19.9
review: very good and fun army simulator. Never get bored.
game-hours: 230.3
review: love this game
game-hours: 0.7
review: It's really cool, like I really like I played the demo and it's really cool make a update where you can shoot threw a door :)
game-hours: 237.7
review: SO much fun playing the game along with friends. The Single player has alot of fun working with players to take down your enemy.
game-hours: 185.6
review: fantastic game love every minute of it.
game-hours: 1478.7
review: I personally don't know what to say because writing a really long review is stupid. But i highly recommend this game, by far one of the best games i have played in my lifetime. The great mod support, the variety of gamemodes to choose from. Its just simply great. Buy it
game-hours: 154.0
review: It's ARMA II with better graphics, don't get me wrong, that's not a bad thing. + Looks great, the graphics are excellent, sharp textures and nice lighting. + Real Virtuality 4, a better engine. + Mod support, this is what makes the ARMA - series unique. + An okay-ish singleplayer. + Multiplayer, Battle-Royale in particular :) - The futuristic setting doesn't feel futuristic at all, it feels boring. The RHS-mod fixes this, but still... - A little variation in the weapons, all NATO guns look and feel the same, a on of bullpups in the game aswell... - Multiplayer issues, the server's performance affects the player's performance, meaning if the server runs like crap and is filled with script, expect your framerate to tank, a lot. - Clunky animations. - Vehicles are like paper. Not much bad things to say about this game. The mods will keep this interesting for a long time. 9/10
game-hours: 0.3
review: Very nice game and very good!
game-hours: 84.5
review: Very fun game and good mods !
game-hours: 996.7
review: good game.
game-hours: 79.2
review: I really do love this game. It's great when you have a group of people to play with, but not so much for solo play. It lacks a wide range of weaponry, but the mods help fill in the gaps left by BI. Recomended if you have friends toplay with.
game-hours: 160.1
review: There is nothing more to say about Arma III than WOW. Ive been an owner of every single installment in the franchise from the days of the original Operation Flashpoint. The leaps and bouds that the developers have made over the course of the years is astounding. Arma III is absolutely astonshing as an improvement from the rest of the series. Its far less buggy than its predecessor and is updated very regularyl. The multiplayer capabilities are awesome and you can lose many hours with your friends developing all kinds of scenarios. If you were a fan of any of the previous games this one will not dissapoint.
game-hours: 18.1
review: If you liked ARMA 2, then you will love ARMA 3! Because it is ARMA 2, with better graphics and less content. I bought it, so should you. 10/10, will have to create your own game to enjoy the game you just bought.
game-hours: 7.8
review: This game was a bit frustrated after Counter Strike, but after a few hours of playing, I realised, it is not so bad. It is a totally different, and I must learn how to play this game. After a while, I understand, the flow of the game, so now I like it much better. I recommend this game, for those, who like open area combats, and slow gameplay compare to Counter Stike. It is more like real world.
game-hours: 508.4
review: Don't mistake this game for an FPS, some people enter into this game expecting COD ...it's not. ARMA is a full battlefield simulator which it does well at. In ARMA you're not meant to feel invincible, if you don't take cover you'll die, if you don't communicate with your squad you'll die. It has an insane learning curve that will take most people a long time to get used to, but only makes it very satisfying once you finally figure out how to fly or use artillery or...anything. The complicated controls at first can seem annoying but once you're used to them you'll be grateful you can stick your head up just enough to see an enemy out of a window without exposing your whole body. The games mod-ability makes it possible to play an infinite array of game modes making it difficult to get truly boring. While there is a battlefield like mod called king of the hill the size of the maps alone makes the game vastly more complex and that's saying nothing of the array of vehicles that can completely alter the game from just one player knowing how to fly or range a sniper rifle. Unfortunately the ARMA engine is well known for how glitchy it can get, Most of this has been ironed out and the presence of hackers ruining servers has been greatly reduced since early access. At times clipping through a wall or falling through the floor of a building still happens but it's not so common that it ruins things. At the end of the day the game requires being patient and on your toes while communicating what you see with teammates. The different mods and game modes give the game infinite potential but the glitches can create issues sometimes. ARMA 3 is a military sim not "insert FPS here" don't get attached to scores and if you find yourself complaining over global that someone using a plane is "cheap" or a "noob" close the game and reevaluate who you want to be in life.
game-hours: 42.3
review: 10/10 real life simulator in a third world Country.
game-hours: 206.7
review: Nice!!!
game-hours: 197.6
review: Fun game, I find it better when playing with other people
game-hours: 1.6
review: took a mortar launcher to space 10/10
game-hours: 92.2
review: Like Skyrim but realistic.
game-hours: 211.3
review: Dont play any multiplayer. I got my A3 key stolen and BattleEye wont help in anyway. However it is a great game and I recommend buying.
game-hours: 366.8
review: Great game I love Arma 3 life
game-hours: 1332.7
review: One of the best games i ever played! I love the game in general but the mods like Atlatis life, Breaking point are so fun.. I really think everyone shoud try this game out!
game-hours: 201.6
review: Fun game, a step up from the previous title
game-hours: 358.7
review: Amazing game! The Life mod also changed and bringed a lot of RPG + RP lovers to buy this game.
game-hours: 152.0
review: runs smoother then the last, and theres already alot more diverse mods and game modes.
game-hours: 558.7
review: Game = Mods Great game! Constant hours played on 'Altis Life' and 'A3L'. The fact is this game is pretty boring without the mods added into it, most will agree with me! I think the highlight of what made Arma 3 a popular game was the Altis Life Mod which made a fun environment where communities could form and do RP within the game, that mod is recommened. However despite having nearly 150hours just on Altis Life, a new mod 'A3L' i has sparked up and taken over in opinion. The mod is a other RP mod like Altis Life however more shops, a new map [Lakeside] and is taken more serious but is more fun to be fair. From robbing banks to being in a high speed chase as a cop, you can do it all for yourself here. Arma 3 is the game for you to get into the modded games community for sure, you may even make your own community out of it [own a server]. Note this game also has improved graphics from arma 2 and really is smooth when playing [NO MORE DESYNC]. Ratings below: Arma 3 [No Mods]: 5/10 Arma 3 [Mods]: 10/10 Thanks
game-hours: 17.8
review: SO MUCH LAGGG!!!
game-hours: 106.3
review: story it is a soldier that sprays bullets at his enemies and his breathing very fast.his name is arman and he's a good soldier who is not from usa but he thinks the usa is good. his brother is German so he died in the war. arma is now in finding brother's footsteps may make his family had placed! but the poor cope with this?
game-hours: 877.4
review: This game Is loads of fun, I love it
game-hours: 25.8
review: Ragdolls <3
game-hours: 201.0
review: The thinking mans shooter. Also hilarious physics glitches AND one of the most active and diverse modding communities out there. If you like shooting things, but dont have the reflexes for CS anymore, get this. Its amazing!
game-hours: 353.3
review: This is a great sim
game-hours: 51.9
review: '       U HAVE BEEN BANGED BY THE    SPOOKY BOOTY BANGER    POST THIS ON 6 STEAM PAGES OR GET DIAGNOSED AS CACTUS PADS
game-hours: 136.1
review: Ill write a review later I'm busy playing Arma 3!
game-hours: 115.9
review: Such a great game! I'm thoroughly enjoying the campaign at the moment but I love the different multiplayer scenarios and stuff, 10/10!
game-hours: 495.8
review: So far i have put hundreds of hours into Arma 3, I spent most of it on a game mode called Altis life which i am sure most of you have heard of, It is incredibly entertaining but that is not all that comes with Arma 3. I recommend the campaign for its interesting and fun story alongside some awesome gameplay you wont see outside of the campaign, there is also wasteland you can try as it offers constant pvp while aiming for interesting objectives, and i also recommend battle royale that you can download from Play with six. Over all this game is absolutely worth the money, I personally spent 20 on this game when it was on sale and I do recommend purchasing it for around that price, as 35 is a bit much and if you got to sites like  you will get it for a nice price, So yes please do yourself the favor of purchasing the game as it will bring so much more to your gaming experiences.
game-hours: 17.0
review: be advised this game is the shiiiat
game-hours: 265.4
review: The life servers/mods can make you spend way too many hours infront of your PC. If you like i bought Arma II first, Arma III is just an perfect sequel. 10/10 -Xar
game-hours: 151.5
review: Toe
game-hours: 273.8
review: Awesome Game
game-hours: 527.1
review: Arma 3 is perplexing, actually. On the surface, I find I tend to sit around and do a whole lot of nothing when playing. Standing around and driving from point A to point B is the norm. However, there is a certain quality that makes it terrifically addictive. I don't know what it is, but I enjoy the game thoroughly. There are plenty of exciting moments and when you're done with a match (that often takes hours to play) you're filled with a sense of accomplishment. I don't even need to mention the community around doing mods and such. It adds to the game immensely. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 201.0
review: Bought some LSD in Altis Life, ran from the cops when they noticed Purple smoke coming from my Truck. And hired a getaway helicopter only to find out I didnt have the Helicopter DLC. I got arrested and went to jail for 1:10:00 minutes. The guy in the Helicopter tried to break me out of jail. I only then realized that u cant get in copilot if u dont have DLC. I am not a wanted fugitive and have 3 bounties of 10million on me. 100/10
game-hours: 1205.7
review: So you're laying behind a rock listening to bullets crack by and looking out a few feet to your side at the body of your buddy wondering if he's just passed out or if he's been killed like the rest of your squad was. Suddenly all you can hear is the roar of the A-164 cannon as it screams overhead and the sky goes red with the fire from explosions. You peek out at the burning remains of the enemy forces and breathe a sigh of relief for the first time in the last hour. Those moments are why you play Arma.
game-hours: 49.9
review: Extremely fun and a bit of an adrenaline rush at times if you are playing wasteland or KOTH, recommend playing with a crew and get some comms up for the ultimate experience! I plan to spend more time pew pewing baddies and taking their loot! Quite and amazing amount of detail in the game, sometimes im amazed at the littlest things I see in game.
game-hours: 99.8
review: This is not you usual run and gun shooter. You've been warned. Be expected to die and walk. A lot.
game-hours: 246.1
review: This game is a whole new meaning of Awesome. The succesor of the very fun Arma 2, Arma 3 is beautiful and lively yet at the same time can become a giant battlefield of fun and thats why i love this game. If this hasn't convinced you to get this amazing game, well you're missing out.
game-hours: 274.9
review: Most realistic game ever.
game-hours: 115.0
review: yea This is amazing if you like blowing  up flying  driving  killing
game-hours: 147.1
review: TOP NOTCH GAME ENJOYED EVEN MORE WITH GREAT NEW FRIENDS AND OLD ONES ALIKE
game-hours: 111.6
review: The game is so realistic that I have contracted PTSD.
game-hours: 266.0
review: Very entertaining but has some problems such as some of the worst optimization and lack of content that they try to sell to us in dlc but is overall a good game
game-hours: 15.6
review: I love this game to bits. My only problem is my PC isn't that powerfull, so I can't experiance the whole moment. Im going to get this game for my friend, and would do so if I could with everyone in the world.
game-hours: 1472.4
review: If it fits, I sit
game-hours: 3.7
review: Can write review even though i dont own. Good Game Tho 121034104014021040/10
game-hours: 62.0
review: This my first ever game review so, I'll try my best. Basically, what you get with ARMA is open-world warfare. The size of the maps and locations in ARMA bring it to life more than a simple Call Of Duty Map. The graphics are beautiful and show off the true extent of PC Gaming, Simple things such as the movement of smoke whilst flying through it with a helicopter or jet pay off big time. There is a huge extent of weapons and vehicles to choose from to explore the vast world. Multiplayer is fantastic with there being many "Altis-Life" servers out there such as EUGL or Darkside Gaming. These online servers give you the oppurtunity to make it big as a drug smuggler or serve Altis in the Police Forces and work your way to higher positons. My only let downs with the game is the driving/flying/boating physics and controls. It definately isn't the best game when it comes to vehicles with the steering feeling delayed and sloppy and the damage can be sometimes, ridiculous. There was a time where I drove a vehilce into a tree at around 10 km/h and it blew up. Then another where I crashed a heli out of the sky and everything was fine besides the rotors. So to sum up the game, if you are looking for an open-world warfare with a great multiplayer community you should definately give it a go, Even though I have never played this as a single-player game it still gets an Easy 8/10 from me.\\ -HDWizzard
game-hours: 277.2
review: love it really good game
game-hours: 231.0
review: So much game for the money. It's more than just another shooter game, there are loads of mods available which increase playability of this game hugely. From dayz style zombie survival mods to flappy birds style atv flying. Race around Altis in go-karts or try and complete the sky track in a 4x4. Get serious with a sniper mission, or get scared on a horror map trying to find the mothman. Have a second life, rob people, sell drugs and buy a house on Altis life or survive and build your own base on Overpoch. Team up with friends and take over a village from terrorists or become superman and take on an army yourself. Some of my favourite mods include Overpoch, Altis Life, Wasteland and Battle Royale. I highly recommend Arma3. You all should get it! Lots of hours worth of gaming here. Entirely worth full price, even better value if you get it in a sale.
game-hours: 5.2
review: I look amazing!
game-hours: 173.6
review: The best military sim out there!
game-hours: 47.6
review: best game i have ever played and highley recommend this game
game-hours: 716.2
review: I have a FX-8350 and an r9 270x OC. On singleplayer ultra I get around 40-70 fps, AVG 50 |render distance at 2500. Multiplayer gamemodes with Persistance High 15-30 fps |Render Distance 1000. Severs without persistance around 45fps VeryHigh-Ultra |Render Distance 1500. There are other MODS like breaking point and chenarus that are persistant, but I run 80 player servers at 40fps ultra. But this game BASE is mostly persistant servers with 60+ people. So I suggest a MUST BUY if you have a i5 or i7 CPU and a NVIDIA GPU. If you have a AMD rig, buy with caution. But further than specs, this game is really well crafted and is a magnificent game. There is nothing like it on the marketplace. At times it is a little un-realistic with weapon sway, and OP NPC's btu past that, PVP is awesome, the mods are awesome. 100% must buy for multiplayer.
game-hours: 1443.3
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 253.0
review: Arma 3 is definatly easily my favorite game of all time, it produced an unforgetable experience, it showed stunning visual gamplay along with a brilliant engine that works very well with the game, It has a massive selection of weapons and vehicles. The community of Arma 3 is amazingly massive, there are tons of gamemodes and servers just waiting to be played on. It comes with a campaign that is entertaining and well developed. It also has a gigantic workshop community with new weapon skins, vehicles and all sorts being added each day. This game is simply fantastic and well worth every penny. 10/10
game-hours: 711.5
review: Arma 3 is a awesome very worth the price game it includes great graphics and fps it supplys realistic good gameplay that will make someone go to the edge of their chair constantly updated 10/10
game-hours: 53.5
review: Its just Arma thats all
game-hours: 13.7
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 18.4
review: With immersive maps, beautiful graphics, and an awesomely challenging campaign, this game sounds pretty good already. Tie in the fact that it has insanely realistic mechanics, and true to life online combat, and I would personally give this game an 8.5/10.
game-hours: 594.9
review: Quack quack.
game-hours: 217.3
review: BEtter than arma 2 betttere customization and graphiics LOVED IT
game-hours: 193.3
review: You can  foot around with 13 year olds that want to do your mom when playing CoD or Battlefield games. When you want to step up to a man's FPS, strap yourself in to Arma 2 or 3, and join an Arma community. Be treated like a man.
game-hours: 1170.2
review: I personally like the Game Modes and the ways you can play greatly Optmized game all you need a beefed up computer and you might be able to play on High or even Ultra Graphics I used to play on a Laptop which i could get over 20+ FPS now I have my New computer which can run at High with 30+ FPS and its still just as good as it was still love the Gamemodes and its even better to play. I really like his game and I hope you do too.
game-hours: 182.2
review: If you have to read a review of Arma 3 to decide whether or not to jump in, buy the game.... Seriously.. You've played shooters before I'm sure, and you've thought to yourself "I wish you could do _______" Enter Arma 3, where doing _________ is what you do.. Whatever you can imagine, you can do... If it doesn't come out of the box, someone has probably made it. Mods, team play, and strategy is what it's all about.. You're not usually playing AGAINST other players... Instead you play WITH other players, against some of the most realistic AI I have ever seen.. All Arma games to date have been amazing, but ARMA 3 takes a leap, simplifying the controls, while providing more and exciting options for the seasoned player.. It is truly the culmination of all we've wanted in a decade of ARMA... Buy it.. You'll love it.. There are too many features to list here, but let's just say, you'll get in, and you'll never get out...
game-hours: 321.5
review: If you want to drive BAD  TANKS, JETS, OR HELICOPTERS THAT ARE ALL ARMED TO THE TEETH buy this game, if you want Fun cooperative gameplay and tactical, realistic fire fights, buy this game. The realism is insane, from actually needing a First aid kit to treat a wound, to having to find parts to repair a vehicle this game is sweet!
game-hours: 577.8
review: This is a great game for anyone with experience with first person shooters. You might not want to buy this as your first FPS game becasue of the steep learning curve and the amount if controls. but after some time it becomes a lot of fun. i have had a lot of good experiences in this game that i dont think i could get from another FPS. It has many cool features that you just cant get from other games, like for example the ability to make use of any vehichle around you and use that as an advantage in the field. or maybe get a laser deignator off an enemy body and use that to mark targets for your friends. there is even gamemodes for roleplay. like altis life, and arma 3 life which can be fun if you like to roleplay with other people. I think the possibilities in this game are endless. you can make your own missions and submit them to the workshop for other people to download and rate, etc. I have had more than 500 hrs in this game and i think every one was a lot of fun. 10/10
game-hours: 1.5
review: Really nice so far.
game-hours: 372.3
review: Huge Map Awesome Graphics Only in Arma moments Not recommended for those that want a fast paced shooter or dont have a reasonable PC Sweet game Thumbs up :)
game-hours: 36.0
review: Great game, especially enjoy the Role Playing servers. The only place someone will scream Bib;ical scripture at you and shoot out your tyres outside of the USA. 10/10
game-hours: 1127.4
review: This is one of the best games I have every played, theres so many things to do, deffinitley worth the money endless possibilities i have been playing for a year and it just keeps getting better and better. It is a little CPU intensive but as long as you have an I5 I don't think you need to worry, there is so many groups clans servers to choose from C:
game-hours: 52.0
review: it's good game with friends only
game-hours: 478.9
review: Sehr kuhles Spiel macht spa
game-hours: 620.7
review: first downloaded it, then i thought after 1500 hours with friends LAN and in the editor: this is a great game i should buy it. BEST DECISION EVER!
game-hours: 165.2
review: cod=kid battlefeild= big boys gta=teen arma=men
game-hours: 172.1
review: i luv this game it has amazing graphics but there is one problem with playing! that is you need a group of freinds
game-hours: 959.1
review: If you're looking to implement tactics, this is the game by far. I highly reccomend this game to anyone wanting to escape the mundane FPS genre.
game-hours: 54.0
review: Arma 3 is awesome! Especially BattleRoyale, if you dont have this game you need it!
game-hours: 373.0
review: Arma 3 is a really good game. If you feel like a real army game, go and play arma, good tactics etc makes your team win. For the RolePlayer's out here, they are also at the right addres, arma has an RP mod called "Altis Life" this is fantastic for people who love RP with good graphics. I really recommend this game for actually every player who loves an army game and for people who seek real RolePlay
game-hours: 76.4
review: I never expected i would get into these kind of games, im really the last one who is playing millitary simulations but with some guys the kind of the hill mode is really fun. If you never tried the game you should try it BUT a big but the game is horribly optimized, it crashes often, low fps, laggy.
game-hours: 166.0
review: I've had tons of fun in this game already and I'm far from done. Singleplayer can sometimes be a hassle. I've come across a bunch of issues in missions forcing me to restart them, but I suppose that goes for every advanced simulator. If you're playing with friends you'll never get bored. Any sandbox gamemode will do. Wasteland, Altis Life, Invade & Annex and so on... This game does require an above average gaming computer.
game-hours: 80.2
review: can drag butt across a firefight 11/10 best miltary sim
game-hours: 19.7
review: Could use better car graphics, but other than that, pretty sick.
game-hours: 207.1
review: it's not Arma 2....
game-hours: 426.3
review: The hot-doggiest game your butt will evr experience in its whole lifetime! Gun play is great and if something ain't for you, then visit the workshop!
game-hours: 1484.0
review: This game is absolutely terrible! i am not abe to lone wold objectives like a badass so thats lame the ai keep blowing my head off for some reason and i dont like walking 1/10 would not bang
game-hours: 735.9
review: Epic Game take your time in learning the controls and gamemodes. Many Mods and countless hours of Fun
game-hours: 87.4
review: Really great. Mods that lack 12 years olds. 10/10
game-hours: 98.9
review: When you look down you can see your legs 10/10
game-hours: 130.5
review: Helicopter shot down by an AI jet. I manage to escape with a parachute. Land on a land mine. 10/10
game-hours: 155.0
review: There are so many mods and gamemodes for ArmA III that there is no way to "do it all." My favorites include Battle Royale (a Hunger Games PvP mod, sort of), Altis Life (Heavy RP) and Wasteland (pew pew!). It's hard to recommend any game for $60 because almost no game is worth that, but that's what I paid for this one and I have certainly gotten my money's worth in memories since.
game-hours: 65.3
review: Fun, great community, plenty of mods to keep you entertained but this game is expensive, it's a stretch whether it's worth 60$ imo but its very fun Would buy again if it got cheaper
game-hours: 80.1
review: ARMA 3 is a fun game to play with your friends and offline. The offline story is very god and its always action. If you thinking of buying it i just say DO IT! Its worth it! But 1thing dont stop playing it in the beginig couse its hard, just restart and try a new tactic! ///sry for the not so good english///:) BUY IT!
game-hours: 2292.6
review: One of the best games ive played in a long time graphics are great if on ultra low graphics are still good and game controls and movement is fluent!
game-hours: 88.1
review: One of the Best games this year!!
game-hours: 408.2
review: This game has even more potential than it has, this offers all kinds of modes for different types of players. Arma 3 is the best shooting/interactive game in quite a long time. Keep up the good work!
game-hours: 421.7
review: Good Game But Too many Glitch,Die For No Reason (5.1/10)
game-hours: 679.0
review: Best War Simulator ever! Fans of ArmA 2, if you are fan of modern, not futuristic combat, you can still enjoy this game! With the arsenal of mods coming to it at the moment, it will soon go back from 2035 to 2014. Still, the Vanilla game is great too. The first 2 campaign episodes are great but the third one lacks of depth. I strongly recommend it to experienced ArmA fans. (Please kids, don't buy this and infect our gameplay! This game is made for mature war sim fans.)
game-hours: 16.7
review: WARNING: THIS GAME REQUIRES 15 FINGERS AND A LOT OF PATIENCE Alt + L Ctrl + Space Bar + Left Click + Both Shifts - L Ctrl + R Ctrl + Blood and tears = Jump
game-hours: 199.6
review: This game is so realistic, I love it. This is the game you're looking for if you search for mature players
game-hours: 569.6
review: Game of the year!
game-hours: 158.6
review: you can kill people without knowing anything about them and you still do it because you're a mother ing American
game-hours: 300.8
review: Brandon is silly for not buying this game. It's a fun game. You can go diving, who doesnt want to go diving.
game-hours: 147.0
review: Great game, still new to it, and enjoy it so far. Has bugs in it like all the other arma games out there.
game-hours: 253.0
review: A great military shooter with a friendly community which is always willing to lend a helping hand to new or struggling players
game-hours: 496.8
review: Excellent graphics and fantastic team play. If you want a game that is realistic and fast paced then this is the one for you. There are also chances to go solo in several multiplayer servers if thats your style!
game-hours: 1145.2
review: Best game Ever 10/10
game-hours: 0.1
review: I THINK IT IS A EPIC GAME
game-hours: 81.6
review: best arma yet
game-hours: 695.2
review: Great game
game-hours: 287.9
review: Having owned this since the alpha, I can say I highly recommend it. This beautiful game brings not only fantastic single and multiplayer modes, but stunning graphics as well. It has a much better optimization than Arma 2, but is also more graphically intensive due to being a newer game. Modding community is very developed and mods are plentiful. Breaking point mod highly recomended for those who enjoy DayZ. All together an amazing game and a huge step-up from Arma 2.
game-hours: 100.5
review: Buy this awesome simulator, and it doesnt need high powered computer for graphs!
game-hours: 688.5
review: Unlimited free content. Fully modifiable. Realistic ballistics. Tons of weapons, air land and sea vehicles. Massive maps. The only shooter you will ever need. Buy it.
game-hours: 154.0
review: Me and my friend were driving along in a truck. I asked my friend "Are there any tanks in ARMA 3?" He replies "Tanks in this game are like unicorns, you get them if you wish for them." A minute later we come across a tank parked at the side of the road. "Hmm did I just get my wish granted?" We get out and inspect the tank. It appears to be not occupied. We turn to leave and hear a sound. Suddenly we are both shot in the back. As I lay there, with my life slowly draining out of me, I see the tank blow up our truck and drive away. "Goddamm it why did I have to wish for my stupid unicorn!" Then I respawned. 10/10 would wish for unicorn again
game-hours: 3.7
review: As I was walking through the woods after  went to hell thinking we were finally safe, my team leader stepped on a landmine and exploded before my eyes. Someone over the radio said "Jesus are you alright? Are you hurt?". My character replied "Yeah - I mean no, yes I'm fine" before immediately stepping on a landmine and exploding. I've only been playing this game for an hour, but I'm already hooked. Definitely worth it. Just hope I can figure out how to read a map.
game-hours: 1.1
review: I don't even own this game, but it's so good that I have transcended the mortal boundaries of Steam to write this. >starts a campaign game >instantly sniped by AI in the first fight >reload save game >rinse and repeat It's a very good military sandbox. Trust me, it's worth the weight.
game-hours: 64.4
review: Buy it, buy it now.
game-hours: 225.8
review: The closest game to real life combat you can find. Deffinately recommend getting this game!
game-hours: 1.2
review: love itlooks better then DAY Z
game-hours: 244.9
review: Like Skyrim with guns.
game-hours: 25.7
review: This game has so much to do and is a realistic and very intense simluator. I love it!
game-hours: 98.6
review: Awesome Game Amazing Quallity !!!BUT!!! It takes up Around 17 GB. And You Need A Really Good Computer For It!!
game-hours: 569.8
review: Best Game to Waste Money one period
game-hours: 1012.1
review: Was ok.
game-hours: 220.1
review: I've only been playing for about 86 hours this last week. What I've learned.... Modded with Epoch on a PvP server - Got shot right out of spawn Went back Got shot again Went to different spawn Didn't get shot right away Heard constant "Mooing" sound after running about 500m from this spawn Looked for Cow Not a cow Armless Zombie (How dangerous can that be?) Shot it with starter pistol Pi**ed it off It ran at me Emptied Mag into it Didn't stop Blew up in my face Dead again 11/10 going back for more punishment I've died and had my heart stop and almost crapped my pants so many times. It's nerve wracking and buggy at times but NO WHERE NEAR the bugginess of Arma 2.
game-hours: 2265.7
review: This game got right where ARMA 2 went wrong. With the engine you no longer have clunky controls! Though the gameplay feels a little arcadey, it still remains intense and delightful! From Wasteland to the Arma 2 Zoombies port, this game is a perfect open-world shooter!
game-hours: 998.5
review: Abosolute must! This game is so fun in so many ways! You should definitely try it!
game-hours: 33.2
review: Arma 3 has a lot of potential and im hoping it will be devoloped into a beautiful game just like arma 2 is/was. I havent played all the mods /yet/ but King of the hill and battleroyale is looking verry promising. Really do like what they have done and love the feeling that u get when u are shooting and getting shot by somone, i mean like the sound is just <3 <3 <3 ... 8/10
game-hours: 220.5
review: The only problem with arma 3 is... the lack of content. The arma 2 had such a great community and mods and even the game had more guns and armor at the start than arma 3. I just can't understand why devs did not put in stuff like bipods, advanced first aid, helicopter features, portable MG's, and on and on, that arma 2 had. So if you buy arma 3 you get a bit more "polished" arma, but with the lack of good multiplayer servers and simplicity in game experience. So if you are new to the arma 3 its fine you wont even know what im talking about and go ahead its a great game. But if you were a fan of arma 2 like me, you will just be dissapointed, about the multiplayer content and community pick. And Bohemia Interactive seems to like EA principles of marketing game. Its hilarious that they are trowing out DLC's that enable you so basic thing as a rope hook on a helicopter for 15$! Which it should have already be in the game?! So the final tought is still, a good game but the devs ed it up big time. 6.5/10 So wake up Bohemia and stop being so lazy and dull to the fan base. And if you have to rip people off with DLC's put at least a fair price of 5$ instead of 15$.
game-hours: 1972.7
review: ARMA that is all
game-hours: 163.4
review: Altis Life!
game-hours: 82.0
review: Great game. DL the Breaking Point mod.
game-hours: 181.3
review: nice guns bang bang
game-hours: 51.1
review: a man play arma
game-hours: 46.0
review: Stairs and Heights are your worst enemy
game-hours: 13.7
review: This game is so mutch fun. Even with out the mods that most people play.
game-hours: 58.7
review: Simply the Best Militry Simulator on the Market, even if you don't like that aspect you can play the famous mods like Wasteland and Altis Life. You don't even need a Mod Manager for that (Arma 2). It's defently an improvemend to Amra 2.
game-hours: 44.9
review: Best game in the world !
game-hours: 457.6
review: I would totally recommend this game for those who have the money :P
game-hours: 720.4
review: 10 -10 Full paced action packed real good graphics military simulation deffinatly would recommed for people to play :)
game-hours: 321.9
review: BR is one of the better Mods
game-hours: 169.7
review: Like most of the reviews of this game on steam, this games first 30 hours will be the most painfull time spent trying to learn the basics. With that in mind, I highly recomend this game to those who played the first two games in the ARMA serise. While the learning curve for the game may take some new players days to learn, it is a game that can not truly be judged by how difficult it can be. When first getting into a game you will realize that the games controls can be extreamly difficult to learn, but upon playing for 30+ hours, you will learn all of the in and outs of the complex controls. Many would be quick to assume that this is just like any ordenary shooter were you run to one objective to the next shooting everything in your path, In ARMA 3 this is simpily not the case. Getting into your first only match you will realize that there will be some situations that may take you 10 minutes of sitting there and waiting for the enemy to make the first move. Needless to say this game is extreamy hardcore, and should be part of your library if you enjoy stratigic games that require communication with other people to win. What is good: Graphics Gameplay Online Gameplay Community What Sucks: Learning curve Server-Side lag Large system requirments My Score- 87/100 -A must buy for those who love stratigic 1st/3rd person shooters. - 170hrs of playtime at time of review.
game-hours: 431.0
review: Arma 3 makes all other games look like super mario
game-hours: 5.7
review: i dont know how to get in to severs it kicks me out all the time why ??
game-hours: 24.8
review: UNREFINED AND JERKY -- describes every aspect of this game. Even with the settings turned down the animations are horrible and the guns are garbage - I cant even hit a window on the side of a building. Bohemia needs to take some pointers from other shooters, refine the animations, fix the guns so they actually can shoot someone, and fix the jerky animations and lag so that whopever you shoot at, is not ghosting and jerking around like someone having a seaizure. I wouldnt even call this and Alpha build and this game has been out for years -- NO EXCUSES AT THIS POINT. I want my money back, this game is garbage.
game-hours: 13.0
review: I've got to say, this game is truly great in most ways.I've played for how long i do not know but i did play a lot, the problem is you play for hours and hours with doing almost nothing to just get killed by someone who has all the stuff...
game-hours: 271.9
review: First off, this game is amazing. It has something to suit everyone, even though it is a military simulator. This is because of a dedicated community of modders. So if you don't want to be a soldier, get on an Altis Life server and fish or something. If you want the fight a gladitorial battle to the death, try Battle Royale. If you're into zombies there Breaking Point or Overpoch. If you want a strict PvP mode that plays similaryly to BP or Overpoch, get Wasteland. There is so much that this game has to offer that I couldn't begin to list it all. This game like every other is not without flaws, however unlike many games, the dedicated community of modder also takes care of that with their own patches and fixes. Seems like Bohemia Interactive did everything right with Arma 3, and the opposite with DayZ Standalone.
game-hours: 137.0
review: Amazing game! Especially if you play with other people and use teamwork! I haven't had this much fun on a game in a very long time! :D
game-hours: 28.6
review: so much fun arma life is so fun i highly suggest you pick up this game now :D 8 out 0f 8 m8
game-hours: 0.1
review: I have this game on my other account and its amazing :D
game-hours: 385.7
review: Best Tactical FPS Ever! Really Keeps You On You Heels.
game-hours: 279.5
review: Incredible Co-op. Good community. Best fps game I ever owned.
game-hours: 234.5
review: IF you never played operation flashpoint, arma 1 , arma 2 , day z mod , day z standalone, or any other military shooter this game is not for you and if you have, this is the best military simulator ever made.
game-hours: 109.1
review: love it simple as that. :)
game-hours: 1105.3
review: played a little bit and its just, mehh, just ok
game-hours: 20.0
review: How do you not own this yet, are you a friggin caveman?!
game-hours: 882.0
review: A Good Game
game-hours: 11.4
review: "fukin gr8, i rised frum teh graev just to play tihs awesum gaem" - Kurt Cobain
game-hours: 2384.8
review: I typically do not write reviews or recommendations on Alphas or Betas of most game titles but it is important to note that even in its Alpha stages, Arma3 is an awesome experience. We all know that A3 is not built on a new game engine and that it is really a polished enhanced A2OA game engine with popular community add-ons integrated into its core combined with a graphic overhaul... but you know what.... thats fine, even knowing all that, its a sweet first person experience. If you do not believe in paying for Alpha access, then buy the game at the now reduced rate and do not play the Alpha but wait for the full release, but buy it, its worth it.
game-hours: 11.5
review: radical
game-hours: 342.1
review: fuken climb in the bushes m8, shoot the biches get the girl, alright
game-hours: 247.4
review: ARMA III is not a love hate relationship, it is a relation comprised of ruthless, and merciless defeat and frustration. This game made me pour hundreds of hours of my life, into a virtual world, where i only die. I could not recommend this more to someone who wishes to experience what it's like to be a complete failure. Playing arma, is like when you swap from COD to Battlefield, except you are being constantly reminded, that you are vulnerable. 10/10, would bearing 000000
game-hours: 431.0
review: Arma 3 makes all other games look like super mario
game-hours: 5.7
review: i dont know how to get in to severs it kicks me out all the time why ??
game-hours: 24.8
review: UNREFINED AND JERKY -- describes every aspect of this game. Even with the settings turned down the animations are horrible and the guns are garbage - I cant even hit a window on the side of a building. Bohemia needs to take some pointers from other shooters, refine the animations, fix the guns so they actually can shoot someone, and fix the jerky animations and lag so that whopever you shoot at, is not ghosting and jerking around like someone having a seaizure. I wouldnt even call this and Alpha build and this game has been out for years -- NO EXCUSES AT THIS POINT. I want my money back, this game is garbage.
game-hours: 13.0
review: I've got to say, this game is truly great in most ways.I've played for how long i do not know but i did play a lot, the problem is you play for hours and hours with doing almost nothing to just get killed by someone who has all the stuff...
game-hours: 271.9
review: First off, this game is amazing. It has something to suit everyone, even though it is a military simulator. This is because of a dedicated community of modders. So if you don't want to be a soldier, get on an Altis Life server and fish or something. If you want the fight a gladitorial battle to the death, try Battle Royale. If you're into zombies there Breaking Point or Overpoch. If you want a strict PvP mode that plays similaryly to BP or Overpoch, get Wasteland. There is so much that this game has to offer that I couldn't begin to list it all. This game like every other is not without flaws, however unlike many games, the dedicated community of modder also takes care of that with their own patches and fixes. Seems like Bohemia Interactive did everything right with Arma 3, and the opposite with DayZ Standalone.
game-hours: 137.0
review: Amazing game! Especially if you play with other people and use teamwork! I haven't had this much fun on a game in a very long time! :D
game-hours: 78.1
review: Love this game. Love it how it is set and everything!
game-hours: 571.5
review: Absolutley Brilliant Game!
game-hours: 139.9
review: This isn't the game my grandfather or my brother played but my son has.
game-hours: 10.8
review: Glitchy. Its been out for a long time and I finally got it but I'm not into it at all. Love flying helicopters but maybe 20 minutes or so in, the flight stick is suddenly unrecognized and I have to restart. Its infuriating. Added to a whole other mess of glitches and lackluster multiplayer (for me anyway) and frustrating single player. I'll rate it a meh. I'll be hated for it, but that's okay.
game-hours: 594.1
review: I recommend this game because it is a great simulator and has some great mods like arma life and epoch. This game is as close to real life as you will get
game-hours: 522.5
review: The Arma series is the best by far. in my opinion no game can top it for simulation or realism. Arma 3 could do better tho. (no offence)... ... ... as it says in the description "Experience true combat gameplay in a massive military sandbox...". I would love to have Arma 3 go a little bit more into detail with some aspect's of the game. But becides that it is amazing. I would recommend this game to anyone who like military game's. If ur a COD or Battlefeild (Which I am but not as much as Arma 3) fan watch out because Arma 3 is the next big thing. > Profile Name <, Game On!
game-hours: 59.0
review: Great game
game-hours: 1107.8
review: Makes COD and BF look like sad shadows of military shooters. The quintessential military simulation experience. Buy it.
game-hours: 136.5
review: This game gave me PTSD 100/10
game-hours: 11.2
review: Great game overall ! Try it out if you haven't yet !
game-hours: 199.6
review: This game is so realistic, I love it. This is the game you're looking for if you search for mature players
game-hours: 569.6
review: Game of the year!
game-hours: 158.6
review: you can kill people without knowing anything about them and you still do it because you're a mother ing American
game-hours: 300.8
review: Brandon is silly for not buying this game. It's a fun game. You can go diving, who doesnt want to go diving.
game-hours: 147.0
review: Great game, still new to it, and enjoy it so far. Has bugs in it like all the other arma games out there.
game-hours: 44.7
review: It would be fun they said... It would have cars they said... I would not die horriobly they said... I would not get run over they said... My framerate would not dip below 60 FPS they said... I would have no bugs they said... I would not get pushed off the road by some  in a gokart they said... They lied... 11/10 Would get run over by russian guy again.
game-hours: 248.4
review: Absolutely incredible game, a sandbox more than anything else with practically limitless possibilities. Whether you prefer to role play, simulate actual battle scenarios or simply blow stuff up with advanced modern weaponry this game can cater for it all. Whilst you do get some performance issues, especially on lower spec systems they are really nothing which should put you off. I recommend this 100% to any gamer.
game-hours: 139.8
review: Arma 3 is perfect !!! my only complain is about the game is not 100% optimized i still drop frames altho i have i7 4790 oc and 970 gtx oc 4 gb , i hope they will optimize it soon as we know there wont be Arma 4 soon
game-hours: 215.1
review: Great game. I bought this after playing DayZ standalone and having never played the DayZ mod or Arma 2. The most realistic combat game I ever played. A must have. 9/10
game-hours: 122.3
review: You liked Arma 2? You'll love Arma 3!
game-hours: 53.4
review: This game is okay, said no one ever. This game is boring, said no one ever. This game is too much like call of duty, said no one ever. The mods in this game are awful, said no one ever. This game is awesome, said everyone ever.
game-hours: 233.6
review: Just purchased Arma3 on the 50% of sale. I have to say I am a huge Arma2 fan, but I was blown sky high when I started playing Arma3. The reviews somehow just did not do it justice for a big Arma2 fan. I actually did not know if it was that much different form Arma2. I was so wrong. Arma3 is better in every way so far. Weapons, graphics, sound, player interaction, UI menus, etc. etc. I have only had it for one day now, and it is by far my best PC purchase in a long time. Also, I have bought into all of the survival games on EA to which even though I am happy to support the games i chose to support, none of them have become fun to play for me. I like DayZ Mod and let me tell you Breaking Point for Arma3 is the answer! You get a zombie game plus all those vehicles and weapons! The Epoch servers are also so much fun in Arma3, vehicles everywhere on some of them, planes, helis, tanks...etc. So much fun. Good Job Bohemia Interactive and Good Job to all the modders out there!
game-hours: 155.1
review: ArmA 3 does a good job at improving many aspects that were lacking in their previous versions. Most notably, in my opinion, is the ability to dive underwater without dying. Helicopter flight dynamics seem to have improved, although they are still not realistic. I would like to see vortex ring state (now implemented with Helo DLC, thanks!), limited power during hot/heavy/high altitude operations, and a wider ability to slingload realistic loads (partially implemented in Helo DLC, thanks BI!) into battle.
game-hours: 44.2
review: dont let me drive.
game-hours: 204.6
review: k is gud
game-hours: 296.7
review: Want a game you can play for years and have no limits to what can be done with this game? 275 hrs and counting and I still find new stuff to do all the time. Only cons are as always with arma, optimization blows. But quite honestly, I probably would've paid $200 if that's what they charged, it's that good.
game-hours: 116.3
review: i've pondered purchasing this game many times over the last year. i've never played an arma title. i REGRET not purchasing it the first time it crossed my mind.
game-hours: 204.3
review: This game....Ooooh this game...Is amazing. It's a first/third person realistic tactical shooter. If you are a person who plays Call Of Duty and think you can run into a room witha sniper rifle and "G37 Th053 SW33T YY360QuIcKS20p3S 1adDerSTA1ls", then this game is really not for you. The campain is "meh" but the multiplayer is where the fun comes in, you have Altis life a sort of rpg gamemode, Patrol Ops (My favorite) where you look for enemy encampments or chemicals and deal with them, teamdeathmatch, and tons of others. If you have played previous ArmA games you will know that the controls are a bit...odd...Well, in ArmA 3 they are still kinda odd, but they are better. There is an entirely new mechanic in 3 called the "stance system." Basically, if you are standing you have four different poses that can help with almost each and every situation, same goes for the four crouching, and four prone. There is a decent range of weapons and atachments and no limit to clothing options. The one big, and noticable problem with Arma...is it's optimization...The game doesn't run well on some systems for seemingly no reason.
game-hours: 76.9
review: Went on the breaking point mod, (Dayz) and I was instantly hunted down by 6 men in a chopper. I ran to the first house I saw picked up an axe and axed the first man to come in. I then proceeded to grab his gun off him but was shot in the head. They then proceeded to say the only reason this is happening is because I had a brown player model. 10/10 Would brown player model again.
game-hours: 777.1
review: This game needs a good pc but its worth getting one for it. Being a sandbox moddable game its less of a game and a engine for tons of games. Once you mod it has every option to play from super realistic (as much as a game could offer) to Halo type games.
game-hours: 9.8
review: Cant get a single match to function. -.-
game-hours: 946.7
review: This game is not for those who believe Call of Duty and/or Battlefield is "realistic". This is as close to realism as you can get without actually going to war. This is a breath of fresh air to anyone who wants an authentic military feel in their games.
game-hours: 19.0
review: Difficult to master but awesome to play. Realistic army sim.
game-hours: 10.8
review: Glitchy. Its been out for a long time and I finally got it but I'm not into it at all. Love flying helicopters but maybe 20 minutes or so in, the flight stick is suddenly unrecognized and I have to restart. Its infuriating. Added to a whole other mess of glitches and lackluster multiplayer (for me anyway) and frustrating single player. I'll rate it a meh. I'll be hated for it, but that's okay.
game-hours: 594.1
review: I recommend this game because it is a great simulator and has some great mods like arma life and epoch. This game is as close to real life as you will get
game-hours: 522.5
review: The Arma series is the best by far. in my opinion no game can top it for simulation or realism. Arma 3 could do better tho. (no offence)... ... ... as it says in the description "Experience true combat gameplay in a massive military sandbox...". I would love to have Arma 3 go a little bit more into detail with some aspect's of the game. But becides that it is amazing. I would recommend this game to anyone who like military game's. If ur a COD or Battlefeild (Which I am but not as much as Arma 3) fan watch out because Arma 3 is the next big thing. > Profile Name <, Game On!
game-hours: 59.0
review: Great game
game-hours: 1107.8
review: Makes COD and BF look like sad shadows of military shooters. The quintessential military simulation experience. Buy it.
game-hours: 136.5
review: This game gave me PTSD 100/10
game-hours: 11.2
review: Great game overall ! Try it out if you haven't yet !
game-hours: 94.0
review: So much fun, Multiplayer is even better!!!!
game-hours: 43.9
review: Fantastic improvement on Arma 2. While it is a military sim, and I'm still not 100% how to play the proper game modes, theres plenty for the adverage FPS player to make the most of. Gun game and Battle Royale to name a few,
game-hours: 48.6
review: ABANDON ALL HOPE!!!!  THE CHILDREN, SAVE YOURSELVES!!!!!!!!!!!! THE KEBABS ARE ALL AROUND US!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 89.7
review: sexy
game-hours: 108.7
review: King of the Hill is life... Invade & Annex is life... Atlis Life, is life... ARMA 3 IS LIFE 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 0.6
review: it is a good game i love it
game-hours: 308.2
review: Arma is not a game, in the same way that a word processor is not a document. Want to play Call-of-Duty-level stuff? It's got that. Want to play RPG stuff? It's got that. Want to play survival horror? It's got that. Want to play a flight simulator? It's got that. This software's so good it will convince you to strap things to your head for headtracking and that this is perfectly normal. However, you will probably find you get the most out of this if you play with a clan. From we-want-to-pretend-we're-in-the-army level of committment to the it's-saturday-and-we're-drunk-and-on-the-internet level of committment to the we-have-small-children-and-this-is-what-we-do-to-chill-out levels of normality, there are clans out there for anyone's taste and needs. And hell, if you're a misanthrope, the singleplayer fun is still pretty damn awesome.
game-hours: 190.9
review: Arma 3. Yay!
game-hours: 1541.6
review: Buy this now. Please. It's an abosolutely gorgeous simulation that is totally worth the price.
game-hours: 603.6
review: Arma 3 is a great game if you are into shooters. It is a hardcore millitary game and experianced players will enjoy this alot!
game-hours: 9.8
review: Cant get a single match to function. -.-
game-hours: 946.7
review: This game is not for those who believe Call of Duty and/or Battlefield is "realistic". This is as close to realism as you can get without actually going to war. This is a breath of fresh air to anyone who wants an authentic military feel in their games.
game-hours: 19.0
review: Difficult to master but awesome to play. Realistic army sim.
game-hours: 812.2
review: Best game on steam
game-hours: 145.0
review: The closest you'll ever get to real combat in a video game. Be prepared for slow paced gameplay compared to other shooters (because that's how it is in real life). Once past the initial learning curve, Arma 3 provides some of the most rewarding gameplay out there. Community mods increase this game's value tenfold.
game-hours: 26.7
review: I don't even own this game. 10/10 i'd play it again
game-hours: 252.9
review: Good game. Can do almost anything thanks to the modding support. I strongly recommend Altis Life, A3Wasteland, and possibly Arma 3 Epoch when it gets out of alpha.
game-hours: 204.7
review: Arma 3 is the deciscive military sim for the hardcore military gamer. With excellecnt graphics and fun gameplay for hardcore fans, the 3rd iteration of Arma is a huge step in the right direction. However, the game suffers from poor optimization and bad ai. However, with a decent enough pc, any gamer can play. The ai however, cannot be fixed by a simple computer. They sit and dont attack, zig and zag instead of dive for cover. Overall however, I would give it a solid 7.5/10.
game-hours: 668.9
review: To be honest ArmA 3 alone is good but the community mods for it are really what makes the game come alive in the mil sim community! Once you go ArmA you will never go back.
game-hours: 771.3
review: Hello, Very Good game if into Simulation and also it relates very well to real life, This game Is very mod flexible and there have been alot of mod releases latley e.g. Arma 3life Milsin units and all of that sort of stuff that takes the modding cabablilties very far with this game
game-hours: 21.9
review: I would buy it if it was -50% off :C
game-hours: 8.8
review: I wish I had this game.
game-hours: 1357.4
review: Best military simulator ever.
game-hours: 413.4
review: This game is amazing. By far and as u would hope, the most realistic and beautifully designed Military sim game i have ever played. There are hundreds of amazing mods, still early in developement though of course. As well as the different game modes u can play in multiplayer such as wasteland is tons of fun. When u buy this game, u are really buying like 1000 different games in 1.
game-hours: 152.8
review: Game is Great....Very Tactial Would Recommend.....But Mp has low fps at the moment
game-hours: 544.1
review: VERY VERY FUN GAME.....
game-hours: 103.5
review: By far the best sandbox shooter to ever come out. The game is enriching and engaging, there is no shortage of mods and the game keeps getting better by cnostant developer updates and the community contributions. Everyone in their right mind who claims to be a PC Gamer should play this game. EDIT: The third campaign was a major disappointment, and with the modding contest looming things are starting to take a bad turn. This was supposed to be the best ArmA game till date and Bohemia goes and destroys it...
game-hours: 62.6
review: Best military simulation out there, period.
game-hours: 107.3
review: Amazing, forget my old review. This game is gold. As a Arma lover, I was super hyped about the game. The reason I hated the game was because I only played Watseland and Altis Life. But I joined the more war servers. And damn it's fun.
game-hours: 337.8
review: This is 1 of the best games i ever played, its so realistisc and evrything whit it is good!
game-hours: 70.3
review: Its a great game for every one to enjoy it can be lay back and fun, hard and challenging, great fun if your in to militery shooters or you could play altis life a layed back causal life simulator. please ignore my spelling its 4:25am
game-hours: 907.8
review: Best 900 hours of my life. Thank you bohemia! Everyone get this game!!!
game-hours: 601.1
review: Arma 3 has given me the best milsim sandbox experience up to date. you can make your own scenarios, choose your own loadouts and overall a great game to co-op with. it has infantry combat, IFV/armored combat, and air combat.
game-hours: 1018.4
review: I don't believe that content-wise ArmA 3 lives up to its predecessors, however in terms of mechanics, graphics, interface, and controls, it is definitely worth it. If you want to know who I am, I am a guy who flipped off my Guidance Councillor and used his iPhone to buy the Supporter Edition of ArmA 3 THE MINUTE it became available, after he had shut off my computer station. I live ArmA, I love ArmA. Nothing on the market comes close. Mods and the comunity really bring this game to life and are its reason for being. I strongly recommend it for anyone looking for a hardcore, insane, serious, zany experience. You can literally do anything you can set your mind to. Happy Operating my friends.
game-hours: 459.1
review: To sum up Arma 3. Amazing workshop community, and creations. The Singleplayer scenarios are great and well put together. On the other multiplayer can be a little spotty at times, FPS could be much, much better. Your FPS is somewhat dependant on the server your playing on, which is kind of unfortunate. With that being said, It is an amazing game or milsim which ever one you like to call it. I would recommend it to anyone with a decent enough computer and a knack for hardcore military gameplay. -The Only God
game-hours: 375.5
review: Best game I have ever played
game-hours: 1156.6
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 136.3
review: You can do booty scooting in this game.
game-hours: 415.9
review: Awesome game, fluid graphics, perfect for creating a battlefield set for a group. The only downsides are the small equipment, etc., but that's if you compare it to arma 2, which had 3 DLC's and an expansion; and also if you don't mind small bugs and glitches due to just classic arma physics :p. Any vet of arma(people who've played previous releases in the series) will say that there are bugs, but the gameplay exceeds the bugs :) Best part about it is that there's less 10 year olds than COD or BF >:D
game-hours: 351.8
review: This game is great but I expect more thoe, but anyways its a great game. I haven't tried the other mods yet and this game is still great. So this game has a lot of content. Also its sad that it the DLCs are a bit overpriced for the content it offers. Also one of the things I don't like about ArmA 3 is that they didn't use real names of weapons and vehicles. Even has fake guys like the MX Rifles. Considering this to be a Military Sim, I expect real weapons and vehicles.
game-hours: 678.5
review: This game is really good for people who enjoy slow paced Military Simulation and Teamwork. Great graphics and many fun to be had. 10/10 :D
game-hours: 333.2
review: Just buy the f**king game already. if you need to read reviews your ready to perchase.
game-hours: 92.5
review: Amazing game for role play and so many different things too!
game-hours: 323.4
review: Its ArmA2 brought to a new level which I'd never expect it to reach. Finding a clan or team and doing missions together defenitely is the most fun and epic thing ever! If you're not that realistic tho there still is king of the hill which is one big bloodbath for you CoD players ;) Defenitely a 10/10 if you ask me!!
game-hours: 36.5
review: its lots of money for shure but graphics are up to date and sound so yeah i recommend :D
game-hours: 645.8
review: ATTENTION! -------------------- If you are looking into to play with your friends across the globe, you'll need Hamachi, as many people are having non-dedicated server issues, but Hamachi works fine. I will begin the review here.. This game is amazing, it has everything from tactical gameplay with teams, custom user-created gamemodes like Altis Life, wich is an epic civilian, rebel and police based Rp experience, and Domination, the tactical player versus AI online gamemode, it is absolutley worth it if you have a group of friends, a mic, or just want to have some tactical gameplay! I have spent almost half a thousand hours on this piece of digital code! But that is because it is amazing! To put it in a smaller perspective, here are the pros and cons. PROS: Tactical, teambased. You need to THINK before you Run'n Gun. Or not Run'n Gun at all. Take cover, realistic bullet deflections etc. It's a new hell for COD and Run'n Gun players, welcome! Overall moderate to get used to, but for me it was easy. Mods. Mods. Modded Gamemodes. Mods. CONS: Erhm.. Let me think... -Somewhat laggy at times, but easely adjustable via the video settings. -Not as many weapons, units and vehicles as in Arma 2, but MODS. :D Now, hard to think... Hmmm.. -If some  Zeus (Gamemode btw) spawns a bullet hell and squad wipes you and your friends, you have to walk ALL the way back. +/- You need a beefy computer to get the ultimate experience, but I prefer High, as it does not lag and works fine on i7, 2.4 GHz, I am too lazy to check my full specs, SOWWY. And mods.
game-hours: 478.9
review: Sehr kuhles Spiel macht spa
game-hours: 620.7
review: first downloaded it, then i thought after 1500 hours with friends LAN and in the editor: this is a great game i should buy it. BEST DECISION EVER!
game-hours: 165.2
review: cod=kid battlefeild= big boys gta=teen arma=men
game-hours: 172.1
review: i luv this game it has amazing graphics but there is one problem with playing! that is you need a group of freinds
game-hours: 6.7
review: E misto
game-hours: 142.0
review: love this game!
game-hours: 1484.0
review: This game is absolutely terrible! i am not abe to lone wold objectives like a badass so thats lame the ai keep blowing my head off for some reason and i dont like walking 1/10 would not bang
game-hours: 735.9
review: Epic Game take your time in learning the controls and gamemodes. Many Mods and countless hours of Fun
game-hours: 87.4
review: Really great. Mods that lack 12 years olds. 10/10
game-hours: 507.1
review: Great game, but BI's failure to optimise their Arma engine disappoints the majority of the community. EA was able to run BF4 on a tablet, perhaps they should learn for them.
game-hours: 1052.7
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 231.2
review: Genau SO stellt man sich eine echte Militrsimulation vor! Arma 3 spielt ein paar Jahre in der Zukunft, weshalb Umgebung, Waffen, Rstungsgegenstnde, Fahrzeuge usw. auch moderner sind, als man sie fr gewhnlich kennt. Das soll aber nicht heien, dass alles nur Sci- Fi ist und frei erfunden wurde. Alle Waffen und Fahrzeuge existieren bereits im realen Leben. Allerdings bisher nur als Prototyp :D Trotz der fortschrittlichen Technologie, bleibt das gewohnte Shooter- Gefhl am Leben, obwohl es ja im eigentlichen Sinne kein Shooter ist. Genau das ist einer der Faktoren an die sich ein typischer CoD Spieler (mich mit eingeschlossen :D) noch gewhnen muss, denn hier ist wirklich jeder Schritt, den man tut oder nicht tut entscheidend. Handelt man einfach mal unbesonnen und rennt einfach mal los, ohne dass der Team leader ein Wrtchen gesagt hat, liegt man schnell zerfetzt am Boden. Mein Fazit: Arma 3 ist einfach nur episch. Das Gameplay, die Atmosphre und natrlich auch die Grafik berzeugen. Einen Minuspunkt bekommt Arma 3 von mir aber trotzdem, weil in den Grafikeinstellungen zwar viel Platz nach oben fr richtige Gamerkisten gelassen wurde, aber durchschnittliche PC's leider bereits auf niedrigsten Grafikeintellungen mir einer Framerate von 20 herumschmieren.
game-hours: 175.9
review: excellent game, 10/10- excellent graphics and gameplay if you get this you must try altis life and king of the hill they are both excellent gamemodes and you get alot of action from them, Would recommend this game to anyone
game-hours: 2855.0
review: Amazing. Best game I ever saw! It's a must in the video games world!
game-hours: 110.0
review: So HardCore my pc melts down after playing it for a couple of minutes... So Cool that everytime you watch the trailer it gives a chill effect... So tatcital it can be considered a strategy game... So wanted that my friends tryed to stole my pc to play it... So innovative and accurate game mechanics that CoD looks like kids playground... -Its =ARMA 3= Gentleman, one of the best and most Realistic MIlitary Simulator title out there. I wish my pc could handle its awesomeness to play it...
game-hours: 39.2
review: Noice game
game-hours: 0.6
review: DERP HACKS I DO NOT OWN IT YA NERDS.
game-hours: 551.9
review: I have almost 600 hours on this game it's one of my all time favorite war simulators out there mainly because of altis life and the so many other things you can do on it.
game-hours: 578.9
review: While some may disagree, this game I find it a whole lot better, the physics of the bodys and the whole interface is quite realistic as to were in Arma 2 they all had the "all hail" death animation, and while being a little glitchy'. The game is super optimized, so if you run Arma 2 on medium or high, expect to run this on ultra with very similar preformance (disable some of the Anti-filtering). This I would give a 9/10 its a GREAT game and will be sure to waste some hours of my life in this game, all in all BUY...IT...Just look at the graphics and tell me this game dosent look SEXXAYYY!
game-hours: 604.0
review: Really Good Game. REALLY recommend playing Role-playing mods, They are SO MUCH fun.
game-hours: 442.6
review: If you plan to have any free time after buying Arma 3, forget it, way too addictive. Brilliant Game. Many hours spent so far, many more to come....Highly recommend this game 11/10
game-hours: 99.0
review: Its a nice game specialy when they did arma 3 dayz mod prob lots of players should join
game-hours: 11.7
review: in 2 hours we bougth a car a boat managed to die 50 times drive my car into the sea then turn into a knagroo (somehow i managed to fly away with my char jumping like a kangoroo! That's what my friend told me after we played this game (altis mode)
game-hours: 1224.4
review: Love the Arma games they will never get boring.
game-hours: 511.5
review: Has its bugs here and there but the fact its crafted for modular addition gameplay is what i love about it.
game-hours: 264.2
review: The latest in the ArmA series, this is the best military simulator out there, and it sure does live up to the hype, with a fantastic graphic upgrade. Apart from just upgrading the graphics, it has created 2 new maps for you to go crazy on in this sandbox military simulator where quite literally, the sky is the limit. Engaging Close Quarters Combat, entertaining infantry combat with a load of other people and AI with vehicles to back you up, the amount of scenarios you and your friends can experience is endless, due to the thriving community that has come from ArmA 2 and Operation Arrowhead, to make these games even better. Whilst even without any mods, this game still lives up to the standard that is expected from Bohemia Interactive in this long running series of military simulator/sandboxes. They added new movement, new weapons, new vehicles. Whilst no classic weapons like the M4/M16/AR15 series don't make a return, along with the AK47/74/74su, they are replaced with new weapons that are more towards the future. The game itself is set in 2035, when the Republic of Altis and Stratis is facing a civil war, NATO comes in and attempts to help the AAF in the war against CSAT, they are turned on and the AAF teams up with CSAT to destroy NATO forces in this gripping fight between yourself and loads of tough AI. In this futuristic settings, along with new weapons, new toys have been added to your arsenal to mess about with. New vehicles include submarine type transport vehicles, amphibious armoured personnel carriers, and scuba-diving equipment. It all totals up to a crazy sandbox experience with a load of missions and scenarios from the community, from Altis Life to Wasteland.
game-hours: 286.9
review: O melhor jogo que ja joguei Campanha animal e multiplayer indescritivel. um jogo indescritivel.
game-hours: 954.0
review: This game is so amazing. It's made to be a fun, military simulator but its so much more. There are game modes for every kind of person, or all people. Let me name a few: RPG, Zeus, Big team, Wasteland, Epoch, and much much more. The community is great. There is nothing wrong at all to say about this game. Just go ahead and buy it. Okay, I have a cool story just to tell all of you guys. This isnt my only one, I have alot. Me and my friends are in a gang war with some enemies and have been searching for them throughtout the map or an entire hour. We eventually decide to do a drug deal with them because the drug traders arent safe. We go to the airport and I set up in a tower to watch over while my leader is outside the building and my frends are outside. All of the sudden our leader gets taken out and to guys go over to loot his body. In the meanwhile, they've got a heli flying over and guys infiltrating the building my friends are in. I immediatly take the two guys out from the tower and move to a different position. One of my friends was shot in the building and the other took the enemy out. We eventually clear out the building and the heli flew away. I hope this helped. You really need to gett this game its worth well over how much they price it at. I also wanted to tell everyone that this game isnt about the gameplay. It's about the experiences you have in the game. 11/10 Would reck a squeker again
game-hours: 53.4
review: This game is okay, said no one ever. This game is boring, said no one ever. This game is too much like call of duty, said no one ever. The mods in this game are awful, said no one ever. This game is awesome, said everyone ever.
game-hours: 233.7
review: Just purchased Arma3 on the 50% of sale. I have to say I am a huge Arma2 fan, but I was blown sky high when I started playing Arma3. The reviews somehow just did not do it justice for a big Arma2 fan. I actually did not know if it was that much different form Arma2. I was so wrong. Arma3 is better in every way so far. Weapons, graphics, sound, player interaction, UI menus, etc. etc. I have only had it for one day now, and it is by far my best PC purchase in a long time. Also, I have bought into all of the survival games on EA to which even though I am happy to support the games i chose to support, none of them have become fun to play for me. I like DayZ Mod and let me tell you Breaking Point for Arma3 is the answer! You get a zombie game plus all those vehicles and weapons! The Epoch servers are also so much fun in Arma3, vehicles everywhere on some of them, planes, helis, tanks...etc. So much fun. Good Job Bohemia Interactive and Good Job to all the modders out there!
game-hours: 155.1
review: ArmA 3 does a good job at improving many aspects that were lacking in their previous versions. Most notably, in my opinion, is the ability to dive underwater without dying. Helicopter flight dynamics seem to have improved, although they are still not realistic. I would like to see vortex ring state (now implemented with Helo DLC, thanks!), limited power during hot/heavy/high altitude operations, and a wider ability to slingload realistic loads (partially implemented in Helo DLC, thanks BI!) into battle.
game-hours: 64.8
review: I've played dayz and this Game totally beats it. With the customization available, there is really nothing bad about this game. There is occationally lag spikes and fps drops but thats probably just me. GREAT GAME!
game-hours: 542.8
review: After 200 hours into this game and playing in the aplha i would still reccomend arma 2 there isnt as much in arma 3 as its counterpart way more items in arma 2
game-hours: 2.0
review: 11/10 Dinosaur mod
game-hours: 167.9
review: With the new update i get PTSD from getting shot at. i was at a party and some kid dropped a plate and i nearly  my self
game-hours: 398.0
review: :L
game-hours: 1011.9
review: Good PC? Buy Arma 3. its worth it
game-hours: 153.1
review: arma 3 arma 2 best arma
game-hours: 85.7
review: +One of the best war simulator games ever! +Very easy to install mods +Nice world interactive (about 80% of the buildings can be destroyed) +Nice maps +Cool Graphics -Many bugs -Hard to control by newbies 8/10
game-hours: 865.0
review: Arma 3 has to be the best game I have ever played. It has one of the best communities possible and the amount of addons for the game is unreal. A must have!
game-hours: 783.0
review: ING LOVE IT, 10/10 IGN - GRAPHICS ARE BETTER THAN NORMAL GRAPHICS 10/10 SUNDAY PAPER- IT'S MORE THAN A GUN 420/420 SNOOPDOG - BLAZE IT 720P/1240P UNKNOWN- QUALITY!
game-hours: 534.7
review: The interface, allthough improved, can still be overwhelming. I don't know how many times I have reloaded my weapon when I wanted to open a door or how many times I have thrown a grenade when I wanted to look in my backpack. It doesn't help that Bohemia changes the default keys for every installation of ARMA. However, this can be changed to your preferences of course. Another factor to consider is that it is HEAVY on your computer. Make no mistake about this if you want to view all the bling-bling it has to offer. It seems that it's terribly hard for Bohemia to optimise their engines. This is true from the first Operation Flashpoint to DayZ SA. You need spend some TLC on the options to make it run smooth and even with a beast of computer, ARMA3 can bring it to it's knees without sweating. With all this said, I have played all the ARMA games in the hundreds of hours per installment. And except for Operation Flashpoint, which had an excellent campain mode, the single player is not the reason for why I come back. Quite frankly, they might as well have left it out. No, it's in the multiplayer mode (being Wasteland, Life ,Zombie Nation or just a regular all out war session) that it really shines. It defines sandbox fun. Rarely does a game cause so much emotions and I frequently end up sharing "warstories" with colleagues and friend. It has the feature of drawing you into the gameplay and no other game gives me sweaty palms like the Arma-series. So, if you are prepared to spend some time to learn the game, you will have a gem that litterally has a mod for anything you can think of. Kill zombies? Sure. Want some stealth play? Sure. Want to live your life as a drugbaron? Of course. Want some chaotic all out tank/air/land battles? Definitely. And if it doesn't have what you can dream up, you can always create your own content.
game-hours: 125.8
review: whats the diffrence between buying normal arma 3 and buying arma 3 digital deluxe edition because it seems you pay for 5 euro's more for absolutly nothing.........
game-hours: 272.2
review: epic game
game-hours: 667.2
review: VERY GOOD GAME I LOVE IT
game-hours: 105.7
review: Best shooter ever.
game-hours: 139.3
review: Doesnt get more realistic for a military sim than this!
game-hours: 48.6
review: Lots of fun, definitely better than Arma II plays more like an fps, since it doesn't feel as clunky as arma II was. you can attach and remove scopes and ammunition without using ammoboxes, it is better trust me. ING AWESOME.
game-hours: 5.6
review: I found solitaire more fun 1. scopes dont zoom propely 2. multiplayer games are boring and have no point to them.. If you enjoy running around empty land gettin randomly shot by nothing and getting kicked out for no reason its great 3. No way to communicate with others in multiplayer and single player would be better if controls worked Jus glad i did the free weekend and not wasted 30 bucks like i was going to
game-hours: 459.4
review: It is hard to review Arma 3 without using the word platform, because it is one. Arma is one of those game where you first see the horrid UI and you go: there's no way in hell I'm playing that. And then you try that thing and another one... and the magic happens. For instance, optics are actually useful in this game, and when you see the little 4 on the RCO (sort of ACOG scope), it's not just there to look good... it actually tells you where the bullet will hit 400m from you. And it's in the little details like that that you understand you're not gonna play any game, you're playing Arma. It would be all good like that, but it gets better. The community of players is amazing. Ever wanted to play a proper tactical game? Just plug your mic in and coordinate your attack with 2, 3 or 20 teammates (or even more!) you just randomly met on a server. (a coop server, otherwise prepare yourself to get killed pretty darn fast.) Oh, and forget about COD/BF fanboys... they're simply not there. And griefers and other trolls are probably jerking off on DayZ, so it's all good! That's about it, I think. I played 170+ hours and I still can't get enough. I found a miriad of like-minded gamers to play with, and I never cease to be amazed by their skills and willingness to cooperate to get things done. Get this game, get over the UI (might take a couple of hours at least) and find a good community... you'll forget about other FPS in a the blink of an eye.
game-hours: 2338.3
review: Well... this game... is epic.
game-hours: 98.0
review: The DLC policy of todays game developers is the worst possible thing that might ever come. Arma 3 has limited content, but guess what? If you pay extra, you get extra content. Why sell full game once, when you can divide it into pieces and sell in parts? I do not recommend.
game-hours: 0.1
review: Its the greatest game i ever seen in my whole life
game-hours: 26.6
review: A very fun game to play and meet new people! Recomend it, its 8/8 m8
game-hours: 262.9
review: I hate the DLC system. You buy a game and can only enjoy a part of the content. I pay money for a complete game not for parts of a game. Almost wish that pirating will be popular again, so game developers need to deliver great stuff to get the buyers back. With that said, it's still a good game, but it could have been great!
game-hours: 532.6
review: Overall a well rounded, well put together game with a vast community. Whether its role-play, Co-op, PvP, or PVE the community has made and played them all. The game is constantly evolving and constantlly being tweaked and fixed. The progression on the game from alpha to the latest version is by far some of the best work and dedication I have ever seen out of any dev teams, even that of some triple-A titles. If you're looking for a serious gamestyle there are many different realizm groups around to show you the ropes. If your more of a relaxed weekend warrior, the winners of the Make Arma Not War competion for multiplayer missions, Kink Of The Hill has what your blood thirsty hands are looking for. From survival to out right blowing  up this is what your looking for!
game-hours: 88.5
review: Selling kush to currupted cops in Altis Life ....
game-hours: 14.6
review: 0/10, in' blitzkrieging isn't even effective. like i ran a helicopter into a fagot and he didn't even die. 0/in' 10
game-hours: 3.5
review: Alright, let's write an honest review of ArmA 3. IT'S . I HATE THIS ING GAME. WHY, YOU MAY ASK? BECAUSE THE GRAPHICS ARE TOO ING GOOD. I'M SICK OF MY  PC. IT'S SO , THAT I RUN THE GAME ON THE LOWEST RESOLUTION. I COULD SMEER  ON THE SCREEN AND IT WOULD LOOK BETTER THAN THIS ING ARMA-. TRUE MILITARY SIMULATOR? SINCE WHEN WOULD GETTING HIT BY A TONNE AND A HALF BUS BREAK YOUR ING LEGS? DO THAT IN REAL LIFE DEVS, SEE WHERE IT GETS YOU. ING SILLY . THE GUNS ARE , I'M PRETTY SURE FIREARMS DON'T BEHAVE LIKE THIS IN REAL LIFE. IF I WAS SPRINTING FOR FIVE MINUTES AND I AIMED DOWN AN IRON SIGHT, I'M PRETTY SURE IT WOULDN'T SWAY ACROSS YOUR ING SCREEN LIKE A DOG'S WAGGING ING TAIL. HELICOPTERS ARE . COULD THEY HAVE KEPT THE SAME CONTROLS FROM ARMA 2? NO THEY ING COULDN'T, BECAUSE BOHEMIA IS A LOAD OF  WHO LIKE TO OVERCOMPLICATE THINGS. I'M TIRED OF SHOOTERS. WHY DO THEY HAVE TO PRODUCE THIS  CONSISTENTLY? IF THEY JUST UPGRADED ARMA 2, WE'D ALL BE ING HAPPY. BUT NO. YOU HAVE TO MAKE A  SIMULATION OF A GAME. AND IN REAL LIFE, I'M PRETTY SURE YOUR ING VIEW WOULDN'T BE 800x400 SO FOR  SAKE, OPTIMIZE YOUR GAME FOR LOW-END PCS. YOU ONLY DEAL WITH ING 680s WITH THE ING WORLD'S BEST ING PROCESSOR. WHY?! I WANT TO DO MILSIM AND REALISM UNITS. BUT NO, ING LEWIS DOESN'T GET TO DO . BECAUSE YOUR REQUIREMENTS ARE ING AWFUL. SUCK A FAT  BOHEMIA. 0/10
game-hours: 28.1
review: Flying around in one of the jets showing off my "Wonderful" skills, I'm flying about 10 meters above the ground trying to be cool, only to soon realize that I hit some electrical wires and died. Give Bohemia your F'in money!
game-hours: 125.5
review: If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place. Ingredients: 1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter 2. 1/2 cup white sugar 3. 1/2 cup brown sugar 4. 1/4 cup water 5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon 6. 1 pinch salt 7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced 8. 1 pastry for double-crust pie Directions: 1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). 2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside. 3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices. 4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal. 5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust. 6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing.
game-hours: 149.5
review: As of late i find this game to be alot more entertaining that the current dayz. although the dayz graphics are better in some ways this just has so much more to do other than run......forever.
game-hours: 29.4
review: Military helmet cam combat footage simulator kill / be killed
game-hours: 154.6
review: awesome
game-hours: 23.2
review: This is a very good game experience! ~I have to admit that, It brought me a lot of surprises .Almost no end game content ,Gigantic map and Unique Simulation Experience! I just love it. "IGN"To his score is "7.0" ,But I gave him the score is "9.0" Maybe I was the reason it military fans... I really like this game mode~
game-hours: 137.9
review: A very good simulation. A must-have for any PC gamer who prefers hard but fair military games
game-hours: 100.2
review: One of the best games i've ever played.
game-hours: 216.8
review: Used to not have a lot of guns but it's constantly improving. It's the most fun with friends but still a lot of fun alone. I would give it a 10/10 but because of the framerates and flying goats ill give it a solid 0/10
game-hours: 43.2
review: A solid update to a solid franchise.
game-hours: 44.4
review: This game is amazing, so far its the best game all around I have played. It has amazing graphics, lots of differant simulations, and endless replay value. The main campaign is not part of the game at launch, but is a free DLC in 3 differant installments. The fact you can play this game in first or third person, increases the amount of people this game can apeal to. The learning curve is a little rough, but after a few times running around doing missions or just playing around, its super easy to pick up. AGAIN graphics, A++ if you dont have this game yet, its worth the money, I got the game during alpha, I got one for my wife in Beta, and now the full games out, and it just blows alpha and beta away with how amazing the game turned out to be.
game-hours: 14.0
review: good
game-hours: 10.7
review: Amazing game, Altis life is the best. Just dont get caught farming weed on a mountainside.
game-hours: 104.5
review: Really good
game-hours: 35.7
review: it is so nuch fun and flying in a heli is awesome the plans are even better the guns are awesome all i have to do is hold down the trigger
game-hours: 352.0
review: I love this game so mutch why? you can play on a open sandbox map, there are like tons of mods out for Arma 3, Co-op missions, Deathmatches, RolePlay-Life mods, it has everything for everyone, actually too mutch to mention i just love it!!
game-hours: 254.3
review: 10/10 ruined my life. would recommend.
game-hours: 353.4
review: One of the best militiary based games out there. Action packed and is worth the $50, Numerous amounts of mods aswell.
game-hours: 51.7
review: good game
game-hours: 18.9
review: Great Game! I would Recommend To those who love First Person/Third Person Shooters and Realistic Shooters Cant get anymore real than this :)
game-hours: 41.2
review: Flew a plane into a person and he got stuck on my wing hanging over the rockets, shot a rocket, plane explodes. 11/10
game-hours: 659.7
review: The level of this game is pure awesome!
game-hours: 22.3
review: shot a tank with a javelin, 5 guys popped out and exploded.
game-hours: 83.8
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 15.7
review: What needs to be said, this is Arma, the penultimate of military games. If you are looking for a military game get this one, it's based off of actual US military simulations. It can't get much better than that!
game-hours: 627.4
review: This Game is just bout the most amazing thing I've ever played, and the Zeus DLC adds on tens of thousands of hours of gameplay onto the already huge playability factor... Some glitches, lots are pretty funny to witness in a subtle way... And the Modding community is crazily active. I would buy this again if I had to, steep price, but it is entirely worth what you pay. This game coming from people who have had contracts with different governments to make accurate virtual battle enviroments for training. ---GET IT---
game-hours: 37.1
review: First impressions with the game. Download arma 3 check! Play singleplayer passed.. Go to multiplayer check! Find a sandbox server check! Spawn check! Buy a vehicle che.... "Wait a minute... What am i hearing outside of this building?" Went to the door and as soon as i opened it i saw a frigging tank standing in front of me WITH RAINBOW COLORS!! Didnt have time to close the door and i ran in the other side of the building. I was terrified. I heard that the tank was circling around the building and i had no where to go. finally i got out of the building and the thank started to chase me so i went back in. I bught uav and had no idea what to do with it. Well apparently i didnt do right thing with it cause i launched a missile while i was on the ground and blow up my uav, my friends uav and 50k helicoper. After a while my friend came in the same building and he bought uav also. we hopped to the controls of that thing and my friend drove the uav right next to that tank and i launched the missile. Went to see what happened and i saw this tank upside down on the ground. Driver comes out shoots me in the back of my head and then i respawned. 10/10 would play again !
game-hours: 3.4
review: it really blows
game-hours: 150.3
review: Je le recommande ,je trs simpatique et les heurs passent trop vite on s'amuse beaucoup entre amis.
game-hours: 109.7
review: Great game! Can not begin to tell you how many fun times I have had. You should get it for sure. You will get many fun memories for the price you pay.
game-hours: 32.7
review: No words. Awesome. 11/10 :D
game-hours: 1318.8
review: Great game overall.
game-hours: 1.0
review: even at 10fps still fun, now that's saying something
game-hours: 10.3
review: Single player is good and runs pretty well, but the multiplayer is the most laggy thing in the world. I don't know why, I pass the recommended requirements. So this is why I would not recommend it.
game-hours: 6.5
review: Arma 3 DLC the game
game-hours: 75.8
review: Arma 3 is that type of game where its not just a Bloodshed battle but it has tactics and strategys that makes it realistic and fun
game-hours: 88.6
review: My one word reveiw "Amazing"
game-hours: 170.1
review: it's alright but costs as much as a patrick swayze shrine 7/10 no patrick swayzinator
game-hours: 78.2
review: They keep releasing 15 dollar DLC when the game STILL HAS THE SAME BUGS AS ARMA 2. I cannot reccomend a game that the developers don't want to optimize or bugfix.
game-hours: 476.6
review: Arma 3 is a shooter that breaks the Arcade FPS paradigm, the versatility of this game engine and features presented therin are absolutely unmatched. Worthy of the title "military simulator" completely. Fly aircraft, drive vehicles, logistics with team strategy, tact, and disciplin this is the closest to a real combat environment you can get without selling your self to the man. Other big title shooters out there have gone the way of the "run and gun shoot em up" arcade styles and require very little forethought. If you desire an experience that will rock your fiber, and boost your blood pressure all the while training your brain? Arma 3 is the game for you!! Much recommended for sensible, mature players.
game-hours: 214.0
review: Great game, I like the King of the Hill mode, they seem to be improving it really well. just a lot of buttons, and the steam workshop is a nice touch. Only downside is this games horriable engine. The engine its self is from 2001 and its been pushed beyond what it can really handle on the clients side. Once you start to add about 20 AI or players the engine starts to use the CPU or Video card less and less cuasing a performance drop. I seen maybe 30% CPU/GPU usage on a 106 player King of the hill match with 30 - 35fps hile on armory I can pull well into the 80's with a few players. Thats my only gripe about this game. If they would fix that then I would have no complaints at all.
game-hours: 271.1
review: DONT BUY IF YOU WANT TO GO MULTIPLAYER. UNLESS YOU HAVE AT LEAST A 3.5GHZ INTEL i5 The game itself is a very nice realistc game with many weapons and attachments, many vehicles, many unique features and 2 GIGANTIC maps (about 300km). BUT: -Multiplayer FPS still not optimized (was promised) -Collision-Detection still not improved (its obvious that something is wrong with a 3d game where you cant jump) -AMD Hardware optimization not even began.... (15-30 FPS in multiplayer...they couldnt care less bout AMD users) -AI is a not-so funny joke -Ground-vehicle behaiviour is far away from being realistic or enjoyable (they obvious tried both and failed) -Official Servers????? NOPE!!!!! -Matchmaking????? NOPE!!!!! -CoOp play singleplay campaign?????? NOPE!!!!!! This list would be endless. they should REALLY outsource the engine development, due NO PROGRAMMING SKILLS. DayZ SA is the same  but even crappier (10-15 FPS in Towns while arma 3 gets around 20-30 FPS on a 50 Player Server). They should have learned form ofp and arma1&2 that they are unable to programm a stable and performant game engine. So why dont spend some of the earned money to the development process (as promised in the EA phase) and buy a decent engine from someone, who is able to programm such an engine (UE4, Cryengine 3, Unity)???????????? they set the wrong priorities and ignore the simplest rule of programming: ______________________________ *****KEEP YOUR CODE CLEAN AND FAST***** ----------------------------------------------- they earned at least 200million$ with dayz(>10mil. copies sold) and about 30million$ with arma 3(>1mil. copie sold) what are they doing with the money? the development team is <100 persons its not personal costs. its not sound recording. its not the mocap sessions. its not engine optimization. its not even design or modelling. its their ING OWN POCKET, where the money goes. They are taking our money with hands WIDE OPEN (spend about 50 for arma 3 and about 23 for DayZ), promise to use it for the game and dont spend it in the development process as promised. Bohemia Interactive has great artists and designers + a good know of realistic weapon behaviour, but the dev-team leaders, and programmers are even stupid as hell or only want your money for no effort.... i really hope, that they are opening their eyes and start optimizing their company, or no one will ever buy another arma or dayz. i wouldnt. i made my experiences with Early Access and Bohemia Interactive, and must tell: THEY ARE LAZY AND MERCENARY. Update Cycles from DayZ are a bad joke. take a look at H1Z1. It was released over a year later, with a MUCH smaller budget, and has updates AT LEAST EVERY 2 Weeks...
game-hours: 45.9
review: Lots of fun! Different gamemodes, lots of sandbox elements and great realism and graphics!
game-hours: 343.0
review: Paradropped in my underwear, landed on top of an enemy tank and died in my underwear. 11/10 would do it again!
game-hours: 67.8
review: joined a wasteland server, met a guy screaming allah ak bar, Kamakazied into blufor's base. 10/10 would jihad again.
game-hours: 19.8
review: its fun
game-hours: 501.9
review: After 401 Hours on this magnificent game, I reccommend it to you. Edit: I have no life. If you doubt how good it is, check out gameplay videos or screenshots. Do eit.
game-hours: 47.3
review: better then pizza crust
game-hours: 1.8
review: Quite fun! Graphics are great and runs very well. Weapons and vehicles are amazing! 9/10
game-hours: 119.2
review: Arma 3 is a ridiculously complicated military simulator which includes 7 buttons just to look around (that is if you're too special to use the mouse like everyone else). You can play through a bunch of single player scenarios which subject you to taking down the odd bad guy, while knowing that a single stray bullet could end your life. These scenarios are all pretty much the same, move on to the next town, take out the five random guys that are wandering around armed with assault rifles, then repeat. It's multiplayer that makes this game shine, a bunch of modded servers like the immensely popular 'Altis Life' mode in which you can play as a civilian or cop. As a civilian you'll buy your drivers license, set off to a life of adventure, get robbed, stripped naked and kneecapped before being abandonded in the desert. In your next life you'll probably head over to the cocaine field to try and make some easy drug money, right? Wrong. As you fill your pockets with unprocessed cocaine (which look suspiciously like rotten cabbages) you'll likely run into a group of like-minded rebels who will make it their business to brutally kill you and take all of your items which you worked so hard for. Then you respawn with nothing and do it all again. As a cop you'll try to stop this from happening, but you'll probably just taze the wrong guy, run him over, then try to pretend like you never did it. You'll brutally murder a bunch of people completely on accident, that is to say, you pull a guy over for speeding, he annoys you so much that you shoot him with your tazer. Then he has a bad reaction to the tazer and the next thing you know you're cleaning up a dead body. Honestly, do I need to say anymore?
game-hours: 209.5
review: This game is a really fun game to play with friends. I really enjoy King of the Hill and Wasteland. This game can get boring if you have no friends to play with or can't get into a group that works together. Over-all Best Helicopter Sim out there! o... wait.. Best Go Kart Sim! .. hmm... Ok, it's a great Game! XD
game-hours: 4131.5
review: No other game offers such a high quality go anywhere do anything experience like Arma3. In Arma3 you can fly and drive any vehicle you can think of - or scuba dive, sky dive or just take a long walk and admire the scenery - whatever floats your boat or more likely sinks it. Graphics are some of the best in the industry and the size of the sandbox makes almost all other games look silly. You can choose to play it in an ultra realistic mode or just for enjoyment in casual mode and even if military games/sims are not your thing you can play one of Arma3's RPG's online - like Altis Life or Wasteland etc. There are literally 1000's of community made addons / mods and missions for you to play in either in SP / MP or Coop mode - check out Armaholic and the Steam Workshop. And the powerful easy to use mission editor is the benchmark in the industry. No other game offers such amazing value for money !
game-hours: 665.7
review: War Simulator, not like Call Of Duty this is not fast paced. If you get shot you die.
game-hours: 34.6
review: Great game 8/10 but servers are  as . Need optimization bad.
game-hours: 63.8
review: Attention: I am NOT reviewing Arma 3 solo play. I am reviewing the online multiplayer in Altis Life and Asylum.. First of all, let me just say that a majority of the people I've come across in this game are complete s. They'll kill you, take your stuff, harrass you, etc; all while you have your back turned. HOWEVER.. the rest of the gameplay makes up for it. This is one of those games where you need friends. Don't have friends? Make some. It is so unbelieveably easy to make friends in this game and at that point you can actually have a promising team to get  done. You WILL NOT succeed on your own. Sorry, if you're a solo player, you're gunna need a team at some point. Altis Life is a game mode. It's fun, and there's no limit to what you can actually do. Be a cop - Check. Be a rebel - Check. Be a taxi driver - Check. Be a paramedic - Check. I love this game for the time I've played and I recommend it to anyone who's willing to die over and over, to eventually succeed.
game-hours: 1335.3
review: You get to play with real life military people and 12 years old kids... i didn't play much there are countless things you can do ....10/10
game-hours: 27.3
review: Good
game-hours: 247.7
review: I purchased this for the Epoch mod and only play for that, the mechanics are fantastic and the graphics are incredible. although the game and mod have a ways to go yet, still much fun to be had. Worth every penny... Highly recommend.
game-hours: 13.2
review: Much realistic, very boom 9/11 - IGN
game-hours: 1005.2
review: The best military simulator
game-hours: 336.3
review: Arma 3 is a very fun, open world game. It has an extremely large modding community, and is widely played by those throughout the world. It contains a scenario editor in which you can create your own missions for you and/or others to play together. It has a unique scripting lanuage, which is difficult to learn at the beginning, but is very flexible once you learn it. The community has much variation, from player age, experience, heritage, etc. and is a great game for those who really like Combat/Strategy.
game-hours: 33.8
review: Arma 3 is a game changer. Going from Call of duty, to battlefield, to this and it's on another level. Started it up, joined a server and met up with my squad. We rushed and invaded a small town where we were ambushed by tanks and snipers. One of my teammates was screaming through his mic as if this game was real life. After 20 minutes of trying to figure a way around the ambush we all got killed by a helicopter and respawned. Two thumbs up.
game-hours: 183.6
review: nice game, nice graphics ....acceptable gameplay with ai, good gameplay in pvp, could be lots of fun but there is only one reason i cannot recommend this game to someone ...if it happens you to be banned from BattlEye, you will get 0 (zero) support plus you will be banned from all games that uses BattlEye; Arma2, Day-Z etc ...i bought the game in the first day it came out, supporter editon 70euros ...just that i did not find the same support i was hopping to get if i have a problem ...i still love the game but no, no one has ever replied to me a damn thing to all my mails sent appart from the automated one ...so NO ...DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! at least till BattlEye goes out of the picture ...Good Luck!
game-hours: 321.3
review: First off all there is no BIKES like there was in arma 2 but this Simulator is still fun
game-hours: 100.7
review: The most realistic shooter i have ever played. it is not optimized very well especially if you are running older hardware but if you have a decent enough computer you will never forget the experiences this game will bring you. My first day A3 i was on wasteland gametype just running around with my pistol. Out of nowhere a helicopter loaded with enemies was flying directly towards me and i decided it would be a good idea to shoot at drawing attention to myself. Turns out this was a good idea as the helicopter heads directly for me as if it was about to land ontop of my head, Instead it takes a nosedive into the ground killing everyone inside. 10/10 would shoot down choppers again(with a pistol)
game-hours: 53.9
review: It's Arma.
game-hours: 247.7
review: I purchased this for the Epoch mod and only play for that, the mechanics are fantastic and the graphics are incredible. although the game and mod have a ways to go yet, still much fun to be had. Worth every penny... Highly recommend.
game-hours: 147.3
review: immersive!!!
game-hours: 990.5
review: Love this game! I like it because it is tactical and not COD. The ways you can tackle a mission is amazing!
game-hours: 350.8
review: Good Game
game-hours: 100.7
review: The most realistic shooter i have ever played. it is not optimized very well especially if you are running older hardware but if you have a decent enough computer you will never forget the experiences this game will bring you. My first day A3 i was on wasteland gametype just running around with my pistol. Out of nowhere a helicopter loaded with enemies was flying directly towards me and i decided it would be a good idea to shoot at drawing attention to myself. Turns out this was a good idea as the helicopter heads directly for me as if it was about to land ontop of my head, Instead it takes a nosedive into the ground killing everyone inside. 10/10 would shoot down choppers again(with a pistol)
game-hours: 350.3
review: this game has so much detail in it from the sounds to the look . As well as multiple levels of multiplayer gaming for you to play , well worth the money to get . So enjoy
game-hours: 1110.2
review: was alright, played very smoothly and looked amazing but when it came to flying/ learning to operate drones it was very confusing and not very well though out, also the online servers didn't work that well was ether glitchy or wouldn't work, or just won't load. if your looking for a multiplayer this would be good if it worked right for single player if you like cod you might like this.
game-hours: 183.6
review: nice game, nice graphics ....acceptable gameplay with ai, good gameplay in pvp, could be lots of fun but there is only one reason i cannot recommend this game to someone ...if it happens you to be banned from BattlEye, you will get 0 (zero) support plus you will be banned from all games that uses BattlEye; Arma2, Day-Z etc ...i bought the game in the first day it came out, supporter editon 70euros ...just that i did not find the same support i was hopping to get if i have a problem ...i still love the game but no, no one has ever replied to me a damn thing to all my mails sent appart from the automated one ...so NO ...DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! at least till BattlEye goes out of the picture ...Good Luck!
game-hours: 139.4
review: I would say that the best way to describe ArmA III would be to say that it sends you to war. Be it through having your helicopter shot down in the first five minutes of you being in the game, and ejecting just in time to avoid death, then crawling to an outpost on your broken legs, to defend it to your death, or be it in having your Humvee hit by an RPG and having your commanding officer's head shot off by a sniper. The game is what you make it, but I will say this. This is not a casual game by any means. If you are a fan of games like COD or BF you will not be happy with this game. The hyper realism makes it often incredibly challenging to survive, but I can say from experience that when you do succeed, you will be as excited as ever. I would reccomend most players to start out playing online, because that is where most of the fun is. The multiplayer modes and the variety of them make a nearly infinite replay value. The game's sandbox nature make it a blast to play with friends, though it does lose something when playing alone. I would reccomend playing with friends. I give it a 8/10.
game-hours: 27.3
review: Good
game-hours: 336.3
review: Arma 3 is a very fun, open world game. It has an extremely large modding community, and is widely played by those throughout the world. It contains a scenario editor in which you can create your own missions for you and/or others to play together. It has a unique scripting lanuage, which is difficult to learn at the beginning, but is very flexible once you learn it. The community has much variation, from player age, experience, heritage, etc. and is a great game for those who really like Combat/Strategy.
game-hours: 33.8
review: Arma 3 is a game changer. Going from Call of duty, to battlefield, to this and it's on another level. Started it up, joined a server and met up with my squad. We rushed and invaded a small town where we were ambushed by tanks and snipers. One of my teammates was screaming through his mic as if this game was real life. After 20 minutes of trying to figure a way around the ambush we all got killed by a helicopter and respawned. Two thumbs up.
game-hours: 631.5
review: 11/10 Will play again
game-hours: 321.3
review: First off all there is no BIKES like there was in arma 2 but this Simulator is still fun
game-hours: 55.8
review: this game is is the top military simulation (it is the only one). only problem for this game you must have high end pc standard to high graphic, in cod you will play at max setting. For ultra settings you need at least i7 and 2 gfx cards. i play on standard to ulta setings with 40 - 80 fps. What definitly need a big update and fix is terrain builder and other tools for making maps and mission. for game i give 9/10 need more optimization for editor 5/10 need a lot more work and better setup, guide and documentation... too long learning curve, hard to make decent maps without help from youtube and lots of forums reading and searching.....
game-hours: 668.5
review: Probably the best military sandbox game out there. Quite a lot of bugs, might be unstable after updates, but the community is here, custom contents ("mods") are a gamechanger. Grab it, join a serious community, and enjoy the hell out of it.
game-hours: 1650.1
review: militey sim. probebly the best one out there. I love this game and when the whole game comes out with differnt servers and gamemodes, it will be amazing. if you dont have the game, do ur self a favour and but it right now!!!!
game-hours: 148.5
review: This game is great, coming off from playing a lot of arma 2 this was a great change in this franchise. You can make this game whatever you would like it to be. Always wanted to be a hard-core cop killing drug dealer? You got it! It is a great well made game. r8 8/8 m8 gr8 f8s & b8s
game-hours: 148.9
review: Jumped in a 3 foot gap, broke my leg and died instantly. IGN: 11/10
game-hours: 252.8
review: Wow, where to start? Wait I know lets put it in a list! Heres some of the things I like: 1) The graphics are amazing. 2) The multiplayer is not buggy and it all works fluently and without bugs and glitches and it is impossible not to enjoy every second of being connected to a server. 3) All of the game mechanics work fluently and the animations never bug out. 4) The sounds are all good quality and you cant hear white noise in the background for the voice recording so all of that is good quality. 5) The parralax effects and occulent occlusion and bloom always look perfect and the effects all add up to high quality audio to make the perfect immersion. But most of all its fun! I run into a building kill two guys downstairs with my Katiba carbine and move upstairs at a slow pace and I find another guy so I shoot him in the head and I take his Lynx sniper rife and look out onto the streets below. I look about 40 meters down the street and see a guy getting out of a truck so I shoot him and then his friend comes into the same building as me so I hide on the balcony and camp the stairs getting ready to shoot him when I take a shot to my back because someone in an adjacent building had shot me with his handgun. At this point I turn round and the other guy comes up the stairs and gets the killing shot on me so when I die I see a viwe of my body from above and see the guy that killed me gets shot at with an RPG and the entire building falls down! 10/10 for graphics, 10/10 for realism, and 10/10 for a good community full of dedicated gamers who take the game seriously and you know that when you play this game you are playing in a generally friendly environment. (awesome)
game-hours: 369.3
review: the best shooter,tactic game i ever played i also love the editor to
game-hours: 292.8
review: I have no words. Boheimia Interactive has done it again, this time on an even grander and more immersive scale than the last. Alone, this game is amazing. With friends, this game is amazing. With food, this game is amazing. Masturbating, it is amazing. Did i mention that its amazing?
game-hours: 701.6
review: Best game for milsim ever. If you don't own it, you're a noob.
game-hours: 627.7
review: Arma 3 is a great open world Simulation Military Shooter. It's not like your normal run and gun shooter. The game focus more on the realistic side where tactics and team work is key on being successful. Arma 3 give you a large variety and options, kind of like battlefield 4. Youre able to be just a random grunt or you can fly a helicopter (not as easy as other games) or drive a tank. Bohemia Interactive did a great job on the graphics of the game as well, it can be hard to find camouflaged players that are not moving unless you have thermal optics or what not. I recommend this game to more of the hardcore gamers who looks for a realistic game. I dont recommend it if your just trying to find a shooter to pop in and out like counter-strike.
game-hours: 247.5
review: Awesome Game!
game-hours: 2106.5
review: I had about 2k hours of pure awesomeness so far DLC Policy: If you buy it you get the little extras like gear or vehicles. Don't like or need those? Never mind then, you can still play with others who use them and still take a seat as a passenger. In regards to content the masses of Mods will provide for all your needs anyway. All players also get new developments on top. The Helicopter-DLC for example also comes with new physics and whole new difficulty level and even really nicely working sling ropes. Without buying the Marksmen DLC that adds some scopes and guns, you also now have weapon resting, usable bipods, improved weapon sway and exhaustion. And more to come - continued developement for free! Even replacing mods. The audio improvements are convincing, but of course you can prefer mods and still use those. And there so many more mods which will add countless more vehicles and weapons, maps, visual effects, uniforms, medic and player interaction systems, whole new scenarios of battle robots or dinosaurs... ArmA has so much to offer for everyone, casuals to special forces, it is worth every cent. It does take some effort to look things up though. The basic game is big enough already to overwhelm newcomers. The bootcamp mission takes care of that though and explains easy to understand everything you'll be confronted with. When it comes to mods you'll probably already be part of a group by then to show you how those work.
game-hours: 51.7
review: AwSome!!!
game-hours: 4.3
review: nice
game-hours: 162.3
review: Yeah I highly recommend this Game to All people who like Realistic type Shooters And if you Have played Arma 2 Im Sure you would also Like the massive improvemnts and features added. And this Game has many Fan made mods like Altis Life, Wasteland And king of the Hill to get stuck into. The delevlopers have Made it very easy to mod In new Models, weapons etc. This is a great game and im looking forward to future DLC and features. :)
game-hours: 450.0
review: Easy to love, hard to master. Best enjoyed with the highest fps your rig can manage. I suggest lowering visibility for largest improvement.
game-hours: 26.9
review: Breathtaking graphics, fantastic gameplay, and a superior feeling to the controls since Arma II. The Mod community are already blowing up on this. For those who enjoyed Arma II this is a must buy. For those new to the Arma series, jump straight in on this, get mod'ing, get building scenario's and i guarrantee you'll never play CoD or Battlefield again.
game-hours: 361.9
review: Is ArmA 3 for everyone? No ArmA 3 is a military simulator with more emphasis on realism than action or fun. Those who enjoy the experience will find it incredible, but I would recommend doing some research beforehand to make sure the game is right for you. The Good: - Incredibly detailed open world-style maps - Wide range of weapons, vehicles, and equipment - Incredibly powerful editor and high mod compatibility with a large community always creating new content. - Top notch graphics that will strech even the most hardcore gaming PC The Bad: - Very high system requirements, don't expect to get a good frame rate without a decent system - Network issues can be an issue from time to time - Though much improved over ArmA 2, the character movement and vehicle handling can be clunky and a bit glitchy at times. Overall I would say ArmA 3 is a very good game that will continue to only get better over time as the community and the developers create more and more content. However, if you're on the fence about it, make sure you do some reasearch before jumping into this title.
game-hours: 1427.1
review: its one of the best arma games i have play ever
game-hours: 635.5
review: Shooting dudes is all that keeps me sane.
game-hours: 304.2
review: Love it! Though I wish I had a better graphics card (gt 750m).
game-hours: 1007.7
review: Awesome Tactical gameplay, If you enjoy simulations, This is NOT COD or BF4!!!!
game-hours: 108.5
review: First play session, join a random multiplayer server called altis life or something. get kidnapped by some form of terrorist group, they take me to an island and tell me to hide in a house, the police come and save me, they give me a car to go back to a town, have the car confiscated by the cops that helped me due to speeding, run for about an hour to the nearest town, get killed by a guy in his underwear and a fedora screaming about being mlg, leave game. 11/10 would play again!
game-hours: 13.2
review: Optimization needed.
game-hours: 10.1
review: This game is worth every cent. It is extremely realistic and has provided hours of fun for me and my friends.
game-hours: 131.2
review: Arma 3 brings so much different game types to the table. From Altis Life which is a crazy GTA Online style clone that is better, to full on war simulator with ari, land, troops. There is so much to do in this game. If you can't find something to do in this game then you need to get to a Doctor quick... cause you might be dead. :) Enjoy.
game-hours: 65.8
review: Love the instense battles, Graphics in this game. Arma is always a must have
game-hours: 329.6
review: Slice aproves this.
game-hours: 54.8
review: Good but CPU havy
game-hours: 24.5
review: got spawn killed by a man with a handgun, then he hunt me down just to take my clothes and dignity. 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 349.6
review: Awesome Game! You should Buy this game if your pc can run it otherwise you will get 20- Fps and thats not playable.
game-hours: 176.4
review: Ridiculously realistic movement, aiming & shooting. Ridiculously realistic representation of Lemnos & S. Stratis. It's worth buying it just for the choosing of these two Greek islands for a battle terrain.
game-hours: 121.9
review: Best gamemode to play is Altis Life Highly reccomend this game. :()
game-hours: 0.7
review: good game
game-hours: 67.8
review: yes...YES!
game-hours: 24.5
review: got spawn killed by a man with a handgun, then he hunt me down just to take my clothes and dignity. 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 254.8
review: GREAT....but the for online if you wanted to do anything besides....Grunt work then you need teamspeak or the server admins will rage bann you...all of them....
game-hours: 10.9
review: I rate this game 2 raisons
game-hours: 58.0
review: It's almost as if it's real.
game-hours: 28.3
review: Ear  people by setting default microphone to Stereo Mix. Play Caravan palance - Dirty Side of The Streat 999/10
game-hours: 603.0
review: When I started my first mission in coop I ended up dieing in the first few seconds. Little did I know how to fly a helicopter but I wasn't going to have anyone hold me back! took down 10 guys..not sure if they were on my team. 10/10
game-hours: 72.8
review: Got shot for and apple. 10/10
game-hours: 17.7
review: man dis good.
game-hours: 294.0
review: Best War game out there
game-hours: 4.2
review: good game to buy
game-hours: 222.2
review: Run over a police officer for a ticket 10/10
game-hours: 868.1
review: Best Arma Game Ever
game-hours: 434.1
review: I can highly reccomend this game if you are into any sort of simulators, or realistic combat. I have had extreme amounts of fun with all of the user created missions, with or without friends. I reccomend once you have purchased this game to follow these steps to have an early look at the Zeus free DLC as it can add a whole extra level of enjoyment with the mission ever changing due to your actions, in the state of mind of the Dungeons and Dragons Role Playing Board Game. This is ow you can have early access to the DLC: >Purchase and download ARMA 3 >Right Click "ARMA 3" in your steam library >Click "Properties" >Up the top, you will see a "Betas" Tab, click it >The click the dropdown arrow next to "Opt out of all betas" and change it so you are opted into the betas >Click ok and return to your library, you should see an update for ARMA 3, around 1GB >If not, launch hte game, the update should now start >Once the update has finished, launch ARMA 3 >From the main menu play multiplayer >From the server browser, find any server that is marked with a [DEV] tag, this will be running the Zeus DLC >Play around on a couple servers, find which one takes your fancy >Enjoy! That should be all I need to say, oh, have i told you to buy this game yet? Jus jus just.... do it. Take a leap of faith.
game-hours: 97.8
review: Fun times to be had. Ignore all the issues and play the game. When you get down to it killing hapless peasants at range with a 50 cal and thermal optics is just as fun as gunning them down from across the street with a LMG. This game is at its best when you are on your own behind enemy lines with nothing but Abdul the condenscending Persian and your T-100. You can fire from behind a house or in a hull down position at the backs of unsuspecting armor, infantry, or the occasional aircraft. Fall back and repeat while the smoke fills the sky and peasants burn to their horrid deaths. In the end the game has some flaws but thats to be expected in a game this size, regardles of that; I love this game. 9/10 Would use as trophy wife.
game-hours: 119.5
review: Amazing game so far and it's only an Alpha! Updated and improved on so many things from previous Arma games. If you like miltarty simulators this game has you covered; infantry, boats, vehicles and aircraft. Huge maps (20KM) and you can pretty much go in to any building now! In short, pre-order this game :D
game-hours: 84.0
review: Verry fun many bugs
game-hours: 114.7
review: This is a great game it has beutiful graphics good gameplay. It makes me fell like im actuall in a real war.
game-hours: 450.0
review: Easy to love, hard to master. Best enjoyed with the highest fps your rig can manage. I suggest lowering visibility for largest improvement.
game-hours: 33.3
review: yes play it
game-hours: 11.6
review: This game is awesome! I love <3 Militarty games!
game-hours: 11.4
review: ing good!
game-hours: 504.8
review: Good war simulator. Has some glitches.
game-hours: 1344.3
review: it ok till u hit fence then gota walk 20k
game-hours: 113.8
review: While there are still a few bugs, it really is a great game, MUCH better than ArmA 2. Highly Recommended!
game-hours: 86.0
review: ThIS GAME IS SWAG
game-hours: 88.4
review: Great game. Definitely not your average shooter, as you really need to know what you're doing otherwise you will not succeed.
game-hours: 41.1
review: Wow, such realism. Much bullet drop. So tactical. 10/10 would simulate again.
game-hours: 176.9
review: Good game. 1/1. That's a perfect score.
game-hours: 33.7
review: 1. Run cocaine wit ur boi's 2. Love your mother 3. Make money 4. F**K Bi**hES 5. ?????? 6. Profit
game-hours: 3614.7
review: Great Game, Great Modding Platform, Great Community. if you liked Arma 2, you will most likely like Arma 3. Modding Community is really busy, Mod Content is nearly limitless.
game-hours: 145.1
review: If you like military shooters and realism, this is your game. Only complaint is the MP as its not overly optimized at the moment.
game-hours: 713.0
review: Best military simulator out there for the civilian market. Game is extremely moddable, and options and different styles of gameplay are plentiful. Great online experience for players who prefer to work tactically and cooperatively with other players. As close as you'll ever get to combat.
game-hours: 771.5
review: It must be said again and again: The ArmA series is NOT compareable to any cinematic driven, action packed shooters! And if you don't like teambased multiplayer, you won't get too much fun out of it, since the singleplayer campaign seems to be more like an extra. This said, the third Armed Assault gives you everything you need for the most realistic and intense battle experience possible! You might complain about the near future setting, which made it even harder for me to leave my beloved Chernarus (ArmA 2) behind, but you won't stumble over pulse rifles et cetera. Furthermore you'll get a huge sandbox world, an editor to do in it whatever you want and a fine community that never sleeps! So, what else should I recommend right now? Buy it! Don't wait for more content and lower pricing, the war has already begun! Edit: Best Game ever! =)
game-hours: 40.0
review: it's arma.
game-hours: 113.2
review: ArmA 3 is THE most detailed combat simulator you can find for a PC . There's much improvement from ArmA 2 , including smarter UI, more natural feeling movement and so on. Community support is excellent, with mods and scenarios created by the day, keeping the game fresh for a long time. A must buy if you are looking for a more "serious" shooter than your average Counter-Strike.
game-hours: 1837.3
review: When you look at most of the customer reviews on typical games, you'll generally see anywhere from 2-8 hours of playtime. Looking through the reviews for Arma 3, a majority that I see are over 100 hours and quite a few over 300-400 hours. I think that speaks for itself.
game-hours: 841.0
review: i just love playing this game!! :3
game-hours: 7.3
review: Very cool game, love the campaign and the mods avaialble are limitless.
game-hours: 100.8
review: GG
game-hours: 87.4
review: Great game bro
game-hours: 31.1
review: The greatest accomplishment a game can have is to leave lasting memory with the player. I find that this is especially true for memories that you can share. ARMA 3 can provide these in abundance. It is easily one of the best sandbox games I have ever played. Ill never forget escaping from a temporary prison with a handful of friends, spending hours slowly and stealthily making our way to a heavily guarded communication tower, taking out an entire platoon in a surprise attack, and finally making contact with friendly forces for extraction, only to be told to rendezvous on the opposite side of the island. Of course, the enjoyment of these games is also dependent on the people that you play it with, so be sure to pester all your good friends so that they can play this with you. For as graphics and physics heavy as this game is, it handles surprisingly well. Gameplay wise, you will have to relearn everything youve been taught for FPSs. If youre not extremely careful and working as a team, youre going to die swiftly and painfully. The number of player made missions is amazing. This game has a bit of a learning curve, but not nearly as much as the previous titles in the series. Please, if you want to have some fun with friends, get this game.
game-hours: 8.5
review: Hella realistic, quite boring if you're into fast action, but fun if you like slow strategy.
game-hours: 1466.4
review: ARMA 3 is a solid military simulator that really gets its legs from the modding community. Many ppl are familar with the ARMA series for one reason alone and that is the DayZ mod, it's even a well known fact that the game ARMA 2 sold more copies shortly after DayZ was released than it had since it's initial release. Not having played much single player besides a few short training sessions this review is going to be mostly focused on the multiplayer mods, gameplay and engine in general. First of all I want to say that this game may not be for those with underpowered PCs ESPECIALLY IF YOU ARE PLAYING MULTIPLAYER. While the engine performance is dramaticly improved over ARMA 2 unfortunently it seems that in multiplayer performance will suffer especially with high player counts due to a combination of server performance (running an ARMA server is very resource heavy especially cpu) and netcode shortcommings. The graphics have been improved over its predecessor as well as performance allowing for even greater view distances than I was able to pull off in ARMA 2 while still having playable framerates. Lighting in my opinion seems to have been improved the most leading to many atmospheric moments when I would find myself taking a screenshot. Models have all been improved quite a bit with the character models receiving the greatest leap in graphic fidelity, I can almost feel the stubble on the manly mans face sitting next to me in the attack chopper its the future I tell you. As you would expect in a military simulator there is a huge variety of boom sticks and vehicles to play with and not having a knowledge of military equipment or really a lot of experience with ARMA 2 I won't go into what guns/vehicles are new or what is more or less realistic. The gun and vehicle models however have seen a fantastic improvement in overall texture detail and resolution and the animations in general are a giant improvement over previous ARMA games with many of them appearing to be motion capped for that sexy smoothness. Gameplay has shown improvement in equal lengths with my favorite additions being the character stance positions, revamped inventory system, and much more natural feeling to movement in general. This is partly due to the fact that animations in general have been improved but also because mouse acceleration and smoothing seem to have been fixed. Combat feels solid and realistic the effects and sounds of warfare do well to set the mood and convince you that you are really blowing the  out of someone or really in the . The positional audio is fantastic and you can tell the approximate distance of gunshots based on their volume, and trust me the sound of a gunshot travels a long long ways. I also want to mention your characters sound effects, visual effects, and ambient animations, I love these and they really pull me into the experience. I have been walking for nearly 30min and I have finally made it to the cocaine fields but someone saw me comming. Oblivious I stand collecting the leaves when I hear something and my heart sinks, the rustling of feet and whispers in the bushes. I panic and turn the way I came bursting into a full sprint as I hear sirens begin to blare out and helicopter blades begin to spin. I'm sprinting at full speed now and the edges of my vision blur as I run blindly into the darkness. I'm breathing more heavily now and my vision is more tunneled than before, the color seems to have melted away slightly and I can't focus my eyes. Still running I'm breathing so heavy now that I gasp for air at times nearly choking on the air i'm attempting to breathe. The sirens are now far off in the distance and the whirling blades of the helicopter have nearly left ear shot, I gasp for more air as I slowly regain a normal rate of breathing. I wipe my brow to remove the sweat and my vision finally clears, I can see the boat I rode in on still there waiting for me I feel much better now. It's these little details that make an experience like that feel personal and real, this was an experience I had playing the mod "Altis Life". Everything in the right situation really comes together to bring you into the game experience and this is somthing ARMA 3 has pulled off well. Now the mods are where I think ARMA really shines as they provide infinite replayability assuming the community continues to develop for the platform. So far I have to say I am very impressed with the creativity of the mods and the scope of the mods in general. Want to recreate a historical engagement, maybe survive the zombie apocalypse, or perhaps selling fish and smoking weed is more your gig? You can do it all with the vast array of mods already available, but I want to talk quickly about my new favorite mod Altis Life. Altis life is a roleplaying mod were you must choose whether you are a civillian or a cop and you must live out you life however you choose. Civs must make a living whether legal or illegal it's you choice and your options are vast for how you do so. The cops must keep the civs in line and enforce the laws, if you are running around smoking weed and yelling F*ck the police you are probably gonna get pulled over, beaten, and arrested. Play it cool and do the speed limit maybe you will get away with that trunk full of heroin and get rich quick. Or maybe you just want to pick peaches, smoke your weed, and claim its for medical purposes when the cops pull you over its your choice and it is really great fun. There is so much more to say about this game and the potential it has with the fantastic modding community but I've written too much here already and i'm tired so i'm going to bed. On second thought maybe ill just do one more run to the poppy fields.
game-hours: 6.1
review: GG
game-hours: 861.2
review: gud game def recomend
game-hours: 2.3
review: Now, this is a story all about how My life got flipped-turned upside down And I'd like to take a minute Just sit right there I'll tell you how I became the prince of a town called Bel Air In west Philadelphia born and raised On the playground was where I spent most of my days Chillin' out maxin' relaxin' all cool And all shootin some b-ball outside of the school When a couple of guys who were up to no good Started making trouble in my neighborhood I got in one little fight and my mom got scared She said 'You're movin' with your auntie and uncle in Bel Air' I begged and pleaded with her day after day But she packed my suit case and sent me on my way She gave me a kiss and then she gave me my ticket. I put my Walkman on and said, 'I might as well kick it'. First class, yo this is bad Drinking orange juice out of a champagne glass. Is this what the people of Bel-Air living like? Hmmmmm this might be alright. But wait I hear they're prissy, bourgeois, all that Is this the type of place that they just send this cool cat? I don't think so I'll see when I get there I hope they're prepared for the prince of Bel-Air Well, the plane landed and when I came out There was a dude who looked like a cop standing there with my name out I ain't trying to get arrested yet I just got here I sprang with the quickness like lightning, disappeared I whistled for a cab and when it came near The license plate said fresh and it had dice in the mirror If anything I could say that this cab was rare But I thought 'Nah, forget it' - 'Yo, homes to Bel Air' I pulled up to the house about 7 or 8 And I yelled to the cabbie 'Yo homes smell ya later' I looked at my kingdom I was finally there To sit on my throne as the Prince of Bel Air
game-hours: 305.2
review: Well if you like COD then gtfo cuz this is arma 3, by far the best game i have ever play (with dota 2 in close second). it is a must have and is #DOpE
game-hours: 218.0
review: This game, it might sometimes be glitchy and bugs might arise everywhere and you might look dead when your really not, but it really does come down to how epic this game can get, full scale tank battles with air support and noobies everywhere with overpowered rocket launchers... that's my vision how of epic this game can get. But that's how I like it, you make it what ever YOU want. Being a sandbox only limit is no nukes, ;D but that would be way overpowered, just imagine n00bies setting off like 100 nukes.. i don't think anybody would enjoy that. :L 10/10
game-hours: 21.3
review: Very nice game
game-hours: 244.9
review: An amazing game with incredible potential!
game-hours: 622.5
review: My Quick review. Arma 3 is probably the most user friendly entry into the series. Not to the mention the best looking, and in my opinion the most fun to play. Now, thats not to say doesn't have issues. CURRENTLY, not as much content as the previous entries, but that said, BIS is working on more and its soon to come. Obviously the modder community is working feverishly away. Steam workshop support for missions is great, and as soon as they add support for full Mods, everything will be even better. The game plays as one would expect. Its a tactical simulator, so that means the average expericance wont be a firefight every few seconds. Tehre is waiting, there is walking, but if you're of the right mindset, it all adds to the experience and build up. Knowing only a few shots can kill you make it quite tense. Key points- -The new stance system is great, a variable height and lean, means you can make the most out of any cover you find yourself in! - The maps are huge and varied, with the scenario editor you can quickly whip up any type of engagement you want. - The game is better multiplayer, if your more of a Solo player, I wouldn't say you'll have no fun, but I think it'd be more limited. - So many mods on the horizon, all will add up to be the experience you want, tailored to you. So, all that said, I love this game. Devs are continuining support with regular updates and additions. Join a multiplayer community and prepare to have a blast!
game-hours: 138.0
review: Best game ever shoot many enemy wow. Get apc sshoot many raket for enemy i like 5/5 only noobs and  dont recommind this game #yolo #sweg
game-hours: 212.2
review: The game is great, its very glitchy and needs to fix bugs but overall is one of my favorite games.
game-hours: 106.6
review: WHERE YOU AT MOTHMAN
game-hours: 261.4
review: Ever wondered how it feels to be a muscular, hard- operator? Well too bad, you're a scrawny ing toy soldier with futuristic gadgets which does all the fighting for you so all you get to do is walk around in your undies while in base. I want a refund, this isn't what I payed for, even for an alpha. However, BIS sure nailed that underwear buldge just right. 9/10 average rail-shooter.
game-hours: 256.1
review: love this game i keep spending all my hours on it
game-hours: 12.3
review: I'm not a massive FPS gamer, but then, I don't really count this game as a FPS. It's not like Battlefied, CoD or any of those types of titles. This is a combat simulator, and I have been immidiately impressed with the single player campaign (which I normally don't play!). The game doesn't feel as responsive as some newer titles (BF4), but it's realism to me, seems excellent. I don't know of course, I've never been in a war, and hope I never have too - but playing this game makes me feel about as close as I'd want to get. I only started playing this game really after playing DayZ Standalone, and will definately be continuing the explore it further.
game-hours: 83.0
review: FORWARD, FAST. LEFT RIGHT LEFT STOP BACKWARD. FORWARD FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST STOP.
game-hours: 508.3
review: The best game !.. Ever ..! the best money I've spent on steam and it's all worth it. =) out of 5 stars i can give Arma 3
game-hours: 116.6
review: Great game!! :D
game-hours: 504.8
review: Good war simulator. Has some glitches.
game-hours: 1344.3
review: it ok till u hit fence then gota walk 20k
game-hours: 562.6
review: This game.... is good. 999999/10
game-hours: 134.8
review: Arma 3 is an AWESOME rpg just buy it
game-hours: 622.5
review: My Quick review. Arma 3 is probably the most user friendly entry into the series. Not to the mention the best looking, and in my opinion the most fun to play. Now, thats not to say doesn't have issues. CURRENTLY, not as much content as the previous entries, but that said, BIS is working on more and its soon to come. Obviously the modder community is working feverishly away. Steam workshop support for missions is great, and as soon as they add support for full Mods, everything will be even better. The game plays as one would expect. Its a tactical simulator, so that means the average expericance wont be a firefight every few seconds. Tehre is waiting, there is walking, but if you're of the right mindset, it all adds to the experience and build up. Knowing only a few shots can kill you make it quite tense. Key points- -The new stance system is great, a variable height and lean, means you can make the most out of any cover you find yourself in! - The maps are huge and varied, with the scenario editor you can quickly whip up any type of engagement you want. - The game is better multiplayer, if your more of a Solo player, I wouldn't say you'll have no fun, but I think it'd be more limited. - So many mods on the horizon, all will add up to be the experience you want, tailored to you. So, all that said, I love this game. Devs are continuining support with regular updates and additions. Join a multiplayer community and prepare to have a blast!
game-hours: 138.0
review: Best game ever shoot many enemy wow. Get apc sshoot many raket for enemy i like 5/5 only noobs and  dont recommind this game #yolo #sweg
game-hours: 294.0
review: Best War game out there
game-hours: 4.2
review: good game to buy
game-hours: 222.2
review: Run over a police officer for a ticket 10/10
game-hours: 868.1
review: Best Arma Game Ever
game-hours: 434.1
review: I can highly reccomend this game if you are into any sort of simulators, or realistic combat. I have had extreme amounts of fun with all of the user created missions, with or without friends. I reccomend once you have purchased this game to follow these steps to have an early look at the Zeus free DLC as it can add a whole extra level of enjoyment with the mission ever changing due to your actions, in the state of mind of the Dungeons and Dragons Role Playing Board Game. This is ow you can have early access to the DLC: >Purchase and download ARMA 3 >Right Click "ARMA 3" in your steam library >Click "Properties" >Up the top, you will see a "Betas" Tab, click it >The click the dropdown arrow next to "Opt out of all betas" and change it so you are opted into the betas >Click ok and return to your library, you should see an update for ARMA 3, around 1GB >If not, launch hte game, the update should now start >Once the update has finished, launch ARMA 3 >From the main menu play multiplayer >From the server browser, find any server that is marked with a [DEV] tag, this will be running the Zeus DLC >Play around on a couple servers, find which one takes your fancy >Enjoy! That should be all I need to say, oh, have i told you to buy this game yet? Jus jus just.... do it. Take a leap of faith.
game-hours: 58.0
review: It's almost as if it's real.
game-hours: 28.3
review: Ear  people by setting default microphone to Stereo Mix. Play Caravan palance - Dirty Side of The Streat 999/10
game-hours: 254.8
review: GREAT....but the for online if you wanted to do anything besides....Grunt work then you need teamspeak or the server admins will rage bann you...all of them....
game-hours: 10.9
review: I rate this game 2 raisons
game-hours: 33.3
review: yes play it
game-hours: 11.6
review: This game is awesome! I love <3 Militarty games!
game-hours: 11.4
review: ing good!
game-hours: 517.3
review: Kayzar thinks I play this game too much.
game-hours: 8.5
review: Hella realistic, quite boring if you're into fast action, but fun if you like slow strategy.
game-hours: 677.2
review: Updated review: I have been exploring more features of Arma 3 and I love it! I have been playing a bit of the standard Arma 3 features which are fun, but the sheer number of mods and workshop missions is unreal! This game is so flexible. My most favourite mods and missions I have been playing are: Altis life: think along the lines of GTA, but everyone ever where is a real player, the police, military, bandits, civilians, criminals, everyone. It is a very immersive mission where you do what you want, whenever you want. Earn money through doing legal jobs, or become a criminal and traffic drugs, rob banks, rob other players, do whatever you want to survive, but beware your actions could get you on the police wanted list. Buy food, weapons, vehicles, licenses and so much more, it is a great experience when your on an active server. Escape Altis: an online coop game which can also be played single player, your goal to escape the huge island of altis. You will encounter AI enemy`s in all kinds of locations, choose how you get through, stealthy? Or guns blazing? Do it your way! This mission is very challenging and lots of fun, best with mates! Breaking Point: Think Dayz but on a bigger map, less glitches and now a choice of 5 factions to choose from. Each with their own perks, rules (or none depending which you choose), and appearance. Breaking point provides 5 maps, Altis, Stratis, Thirsk summer and Thirsk winter. The thirsk maps are PvP orientated with survival thrown in for good measure. Stratis is bigger than than Thirsk maps with a bigger focus on survival against zombies and other players. Altis is just huge! While breaking point is still in its infancy, the dev team is working really hard at it and adding new features and maps frequently. Vehicles in this mod are fairly rare, so expect work to be done finding them, you will also have to fix them up to get them working to. I love the Arma 3 engine, it is so flexible and allows for so many different ways to play, it just never gets dull. I highly recommend it!
game-hours: 211.7
review: The best in mil-sim-harcore-sandbox-ing-around-with-shooty-guns-and-tanks-games around.
game-hours: 502.1
review: Get this game! It's amazing!
game-hours: 1187.4
review: This is one of the most interesting and expansive games out there. The current storyline and background is a bit unrealistic-The Republic of Altis and Stratis has a super-advanced military but the nation has under 50,000 people in its population. The population also is Greek, but for whatever reason all speaks english-even the armed forces. Nonetheless, the mission editing is superb compared to Arma 2, the mechanics are mostly improved (animation and AI needing a bit of a change for realism) the voice acting for British and American English as well as Farsi is superb. Iran has a huge presence in the game, however it is never mentioned and instead goes under the quite unrealistic banner of Canton-Protocol Strategic Alliance Treaty, or CSAT. I really wish that BIS would at least include the Iran flag above the CSAT insignia on the uniforms, for it looked absolutely amazing when this was the case at E3 2011. Physics in the game are great, however the fabled ragdoll physics are a bit dissapointing. All they seem to do is make units die in a more unrealistic-looking way. NATO is portrayed as completely bankrupt which really bothers me-unemployment is at freaking 50% in the US. It is interesting to see future interpretations of the US Army, which use the new multicam pattern in their uniforms. I am bothered by the lack of ANY, yes ANY authentic equipment in the game. This is perhaps my biggest problem, for it gives the developers an excuse to make fantasy content for every upcoming Arma game. Yes, it saves on lisencing, but the developers just launched a 650-thousand dollar modding contest. A fraction of the money could have been spent on making the weapons and vehicles authentic. With a host of friends to play with, some mods, and an open mind, this title is one of the most awesome games I have ever played. The simulation of the vehicles is amazing, with support for almost every joystick, controller, or other external device you can think of. The game fails to provide an immersive atmosphere but is a fun and engaging way to play COOP with friends, strategy being completely necessary. The graphics are in my top 10 games ever, and the performance is better than with Arma 2, especially if you plan on making Youtube videos like I do. (check out my Youtube channel: FistoGames :D ) Go and buy it. With some DLC's that bring it back to where Arma 2 was in scenario, it will definitely be an amazing game.
game-hours: 10.1
review: This game is worth every cent. It is extremely realistic and has provided hours of fun for me and my friends.
game-hours: 131.2
review: Arma 3 brings so much different game types to the table. From Altis Life which is a crazy GTA Online style clone that is better, to full on war simulator with ari, land, troops. There is so much to do in this game. If you can't find something to do in this game then you need to get to a Doctor quick... cause you might be dead. :) Enjoy.
game-hours: 65.8
review: Love the instense battles, Graphics in this game. Arma is always a must have
game-hours: 146.3
review: Tank hits rock, tank flies, tank shoots, tank flies even faster. Water try and stop tank, tank bounce, tank flies happily ever after. tank/10 would fly again.
game-hours: 84.7
review: It does have a better physics engine than Arma: 2/AO, but this is somekind more a "For fun, not to serious about war". It does have a lot of mods, but it does not seems that they are that good. Like, seriously. A go-kart, in a war. Does not seems to realistic, but i do like the zeus addon. I would give it 8/10, because it does not have the war feature i want. Well, i would recommend this to clans and stuff. Who want's their own server, and make some war!
game-hours: 1009.4
review: Dont get it for full price, it isnt worth it. Not at all.
game-hours: 1007.7
review: Awesome Tactical gameplay, If you enjoy simulations, This is NOT COD or BF4!!!!
game-hours: 1427.1
review: its one of the best arma games i have play ever
game-hours: 349.6
review: Awesome Game! You should Buy this game if your pc can run it otherwise you will get 20- Fps and thats not playable.
game-hours: 635.5
review: Shooting dudes is all that keeps me sane.
game-hours: 460.2
review: WALKING SIMULATOR 2015
game-hours: 417.2
review: You can play this title as a CoD/BF Shooter, a RTS, a MilSim etc. and its perfect in every of this senses! The game got made so that you can play it on every PC/Laptop you could imagine. It runs everywhere but of course the graphics aren't as good as on a gaming pc. The game fearures (the in my opinion) biggest and greatest community ever. There are hundrets of great addons, and they are all free! In conclusion: This game has everything for everyone. Deticated Server for LAN-Parties, very variable difficulty, great graphics, a giant open world, a free in-game editor and much more. Simply a must-have!
game-hours: 690.6
review: (Note: This review is based mostly upon the playing of 'King Of The Hill' type gamemodes within the Arma 3 game.) So, Arma 3 ... where to start? Well, this game isn't an arcade shooter. I'm sure plenty of other reviewers have already covered the distinction between 'BF4/CoD/Arma 3' and so I won't touch that subject other than to point you toward other reviewers. This isn't an arcade shooter. This is a military simulator. There is a bit of a difference. You can't jump in this game. You can vault. Seriously, ever tried to jump with a full combat harness and loads of gear on? And carrying a weapon? What you will get from this game: Intense, team-oriented gameplay that strives to put emphasis on realism and the communication factor of warfare. The real feeling of value for mechanized units in war, and the pride and punishment of victory or defeat. A sense of patience when engaging in a battle, such that you will never really get from another first person combat game, because sometimes you just have to out-think your enemy rather than out-gun them in Arma 3. Intense firefights and vehicular combat. Most of all, a sense of enjoyment and fun. What you will NOT get from this game: Jumping. Infinite sprinting and dead-aim accuracy. Single-seat tanks/armor/mechanized infantry vehicles that let you blaze through a town driving and gunning at the same time. (It takes a crew to utilize a vehicle properly in Arma 3) Over-the-top cinematic-style wholescale destruction. Quick rounds/matches that are over in 10 minutes. Easy-To-Fly Jets/Helicopters. Should you try this game? Maybe. That depends on if you want a game that gives you instantaneous, short-lived action. If you want that, you probably shouldn't play this game. If you want a game that immerses you for hours on end and makes you forget about that pot of chili you left on the stove a few hours ago and is now ruined, leaving you to order takeout because YOU'VE GOT TO GET ACROSS THAT STREET AND GIVE MEIDCAL AID/REPAIR THAT VEHICLE before the enemy launches another RPG at your squadmates, then yes. Get this game. You'll probably love it. Now get back into the fight.
game-hours: 331.7
review: Excelent game if u like making plays
game-hours: 20.9
review: I love the fact that the maps are so large, it barely crashes, and its soooooo tactical
game-hours: 562.6
review: This game.... is good. 999999/10
game-hours: 68.5
review: This is avery amazing game though u have to have a very good pc to run it properly
game-hours: 944.3
review: It opens the door to a new world of video games through which the player is more than just immersed!
game-hours: 27.7
review: I found a car in battle royale and as i was searching it, a guy ran up, took the car and ran me over with it. 10/10
game-hours: 361.9
review: Is ArmA 3 for everyone? No ArmA 3 is a military simulator with more emphasis on realism than action or fun. Those who enjoy the experience will find it incredible, but I would recommend doing some research beforehand to make sure the game is right for you. The Good: - Incredibly detailed open world-style maps - Wide range of weapons, vehicles, and equipment - Incredibly powerful editor and high mod compatibility with a large community always creating new content. - Top notch graphics that will strech even the most hardcore gaming PC The Bad: - Very high system requirements, don't expect to get a good frame rate without a decent system - Network issues can be an issue from time to time - Though much improved over ArmA 2, the character movement and vehicle handling can be clunky and a bit glitchy at times. Overall I would say ArmA 3 is a very good game that will continue to only get better over time as the community and the developers create more and more content. However, if you're on the fence about it, make sure you do some reasearch before jumping into this title.
game-hours: 176.4
review: Ridiculously realistic movement, aiming & shooting. Ridiculously realistic representation of Lemnos & S. Stratis. It's worth buying it just for the choosing of these two Greek islands for a battle terrain.
game-hours: 517.3
review: Kayzar thinks I play this game too much.
game-hours: 26.9
review: Breathtaking graphics, fantastic gameplay, and a superior feeling to the controls since Arma II. The Mod community are already blowing up on this. For those who enjoyed Arma II this is a must buy. For those new to the Arma series, jump straight in on this, get mod'ing, get building scenario's and i guarrantee you'll never play CoD or Battlefield again.
game-hours: 85.2
review: Wow Much Waste Such Land
game-hours: 17.7
review: SO MUCH SWEGGGGG
game-hours: 97.0
review: Definitely the best tactical shooter and shooter in general in the last decade. It is very immersive in that you have so many different controls at your disposal which is a little tedious at first but once you learn them you will be wishing every shooter had them. It's very realistic in that you can only survice about 2-3 shots from a rifle. You can zero your scopes to get perfect shots from a distance. 1st and 3rd person views allow for very tactical gameplay. You can pilot jets and helicopters, drive tanks and transport vehilces, or dominate on foot. The maps are massive allowing for very intense wide scale (or small) fire fights. The mods alone make this game worth getting. So many different game modes available to play thanks to the modding community for this game. Absolutely worth every penny. If you like slower paced, tactical shooters this is your game! Lone wolf or team up, both excel in this game.
game-hours: 380.1
review: Arma 3 is a great military simulator, you won't get the fast paced shooter feel that you get with BF4 or CoD but instead get a slower paced but more rewarding (IMO) experience. The non-combat roles such as logistics and support add an entirely different angle to what you get in other shooters. However it is a game you need to either play with a large group of like minded people or find something on the workshop that you like. I found the campaign had a decent storyline but wasn't particularily fun to play. However, some of the games i've had online have been simply amazing and to me that's what you should buy the game for. Pros- Highly Realistic Amazing Visuals Friendly Community Excellent Mods Available Cons- Not a great singleplayer game Some missions take a while to get to any reasonable gameplay 7/10
game-hours: 726.9
review: Bohemia Interactive's Arma 3 is the lastest iteration of a long-running series of realistic military sandbox titles, where the common themes have consistently centred upon player freedom, flexibility of action and movement, an expansive open world setting, an impressive degree of virtual realism and a passionate player community. Set in the near future, Arma 3 presents the player with the sprawling, high-fidelity terrain of Altis, a war-torn Mediterranean island in the Agean Sea caught up in the building tensions between NATO and the growing influence of an eastern military alliance known as CSAT. This simmering geopolitical state of play serves as the core backdrop to the title's 3-part singleplayer campaign and persists as the central theme and justification of the game's simulated conflict. The island of Altis itself is an immense, detailed and truly immersive canvas upon which the player is free to realise practically any military scenario of their imagining; where the journey from point A to point B can easily encompass many kilometres and where topography and geographic features can collude to radically alter player tactics. Based loosely upon the real island of Lemnos, Altis is able to achieve a uniquely natural feel to its coasts, rolling hills and forests and stands as a great testament to the skill and dedication of Bohemia interactive's map designers. Even while pinned under withering enemy fire, one cannot help but be struck by its beauty and authenticity. Arma 3 also offers up a plethora of near-future military hardware; from various firearms, transports, logistical supports, infantry fighting vehicles, main battle tanks, helicopters as well as fighter jets and boats. The assets are generally very well modelled with distinct individual characteristics which make driving a quadbike a very different experience from that of a lumbering metal behemoth. While the helicopter flight dynamics are driven by Bohemia's optional, challenging but immensely rewarding advanced flight model, fixed-wing aircraft in Arma 3 remain the begrudging recipients of a comparatively rudimentary flight model that is perhaps a reflection of the series' traditional focus on ground-centric gameplay. Given the near future setting, it is pertinent to note that much of the title's military assets are modelled upon real-life prototype weaponry, as well as a few present day variations met with a degree of developer artistic licence and fabricated designations. This notable departure from the well-established and popular modern day armaments that featured so prominently within previous titles in the series is undoubtedly a bold move by Bohemia, and one that still remains a divisive point of discussion within the player community. The sounds of Arma 3, traditionally a less impressive facet of previous titles in the series, has undergone a marked improvement in this latest offering, though perhaps still arguably falling short of the hopes of many within the playerbase. To their credit however, Bohemia Interactive have expressed a renewed and sustained commitment to engaging in continual improvement within this area into the future. Despite this assurance, many within the community continue to rely upon the impressive work of their fellow players to provide alternative soundscapes that better cater to their pursuit of aural immersion. Arma 3 also comes bundled with an incredibly powerful mission editing suite which places the player in complete control of the entirety of the game's imposing asset list. It is in this mode, perhaps more so than any other where the title truly shines as a sandbox experience. With a little practice and experimentation, the player is able to construct fully realised military scenarios of varying complexity, for themselves, their friends or the community at large with objectives limited only by the bounds of the author's imagination. This uninhibited freedom, a cornerstone of the series, remains wonderfully present within Arma 3's core offering. It would be almost criminally irresponsible to discuss Bohemia's flagship franchise without a brief mention of Arma's imperious modding community and the staggering host of improvements, fixes, overhauls and tweaks that this vibrant collection of talented indivduals provides. Whether one seeks to reintroduce real-life armies and modern-day weapon sets to their virtual arsenal, to aquaint oneself with a fresh new terrain upon which to wage war, or to apply a simple yet powerful overhaul to realism, the impressive array of user-made mods make this possible. Player created content has persisted as an important keystone of the series' appeal and longevity since its debut and continues to form an integral part of Arma 3's broader experience. Players new to the series may find themselves understandably intimidated by the sheer bredth and depth of the content on offer, not to mention some of the more unforgiving aspects of the simulation. Thankfully Boehemia Interactive have introduced a host of means to facilitate the familiarisation process in the form of an in-game field manual and hint system, an introductory campaign, a Tron-esque virtual reality terrain and even providing the means for more experienced players to act as 'drill instructors' to teach newer players the ropes online. While a handful of frustrating AI, user interface, animation and optimisation/stability querks persist, Bohemia Interactive have created what is easily the most accessible title in the franchise to date. As a reflection of Arma 3's flexibility, this is a title that has come to mean many different things to its expansive playerbase and one that can be played in a huge variety of different modes and playstyles. As a result Arma 3, perhaps more so than any previous iteration in the series, has seemed to grapple increasingly with the fallout of its own versatility. Attempting to establish a consensus on exactly how the game 'should be played' has become an increasingly tenuous prospect and one that is arguably unnecessary. In the creation of Arma 3, Bohemia Interactive has taken upon the unenviable task of treading the fine middle-ground that exists between sustaining the high degree of realism that the series is famous for, while attempting to preserve fun and engaging gameplay for newcomers or those unacclimatised to a realistic simulation experience. 'Realism' itself, has proven to be an immensely subjective term within a virtual setting, and one that invariably means vastly different things to different players. The finer points of the title's realism with respect to certain game features remains a continual point of contention within the player community and one that appears unlikely to abate any time soon. Arma 3's greatest triumphs then are to be found in its versatility and impressive open-world gameplay. Players are offered near total freedom, a staggering choice of armament, and a mandate to pursue their objectives however they see fit employing tactics entirely of their own design. This is a hugely layered and expansive sandbox title offering the player a unique gameplay experience and a gaming platform that has earned the rightful praise of many loyal fans.
game-hours: 878.6
review: This game is amazing my first PC love it has everything, a great community, great mods, great servers with limited hackers. only issue being the gliches you run into great fun for many hours on multiplayer
game-hours: 591.4
review: best game ever
game-hours: 7.8
review: FUN
game-hours: 115.7
review: ITS a great game and everyone should get it
game-hours: 545.0
review: It's okay. Also gave me PTSD.
game-hours: 537.2
review: I have put a few hundred hours into Arma 3 and it's the wackiest military game I've ever played. Here are a list of entertaining things you can do in Arma 3 that I have also personally partaken in: You can set up enemy faction sentry guns to kill you and your team mates- You can tactically scoot on your butt to the combat zone- You can gather your friends inside a bullet proof room and bounce bullets off the walls and watch to see who dies first- You can have your friends get in a truck then proceed to airlift said truck with a helicopter and swing them around below you while seeing how long it takes before you accidentally swing them into your main rotor and crash in an explosive inferno- You can hide in a building while your squade mate crashes heavily armed UAVs into said building trying to kill you- You can hop into a vehicle just to have it explode immediately after and kill you- You can get stranded in the water after your helicopter pilot accidentally sank the chopper in the ocean, then find a civilian driving a boat and kill said civilian to where the boat is just driving itself in circles just to have it smack you in the head so you're unconsious and drown- Hands down Arma 3 is one of the most entertaining wacky military simulator sandbox video games I've ever played. 10/10
game-hours: 221.0
review: This game is extremely realistic, with everything bullet ballistics to in-depth squad command. And if you aren't satisfied, there's a massive community that's always creating addons, modifications, and even full-conversion modifcations. The community also has another side where you can find friends and formulate tactical squads or even battalions. I highly recommend you check this game out, though do acknowledge that this game isn't perfect and does lack a lot of desired features. However, you can probably find those features within the modding community.
game-hours: 302.4
review: This game is a lot of fun, especially with friends. Once you get tired of Arma 3 you can download the mods - Breaking Point, Battle Royale and others make this an epic title. This game has pissed my wife off because I play it so much! 10/10 Would piss my wife off again.
game-hours: 17.7
review: man dis good.
game-hours: 84.7
review: It does have a better physics engine than Arma: 2/AO, but this is somekind more a "For fun, not to serious about war". It does have a lot of mods, but it does not seems that they are that good. Like, seriously. A go-kart, in a war. Does not seems to realistic, but i do like the zeus addon. I would give it 8/10, because it does not have the war feature i want. Well, i would recommend this to clans and stuff. Who want's their own server, and make some war!
game-hours: 164.8
review: We made a convoy. I like convoys 11/8 Would convoy again
game-hours: 6.1
review: GG
game-hours: 113.8
review: While there are still a few bugs, it really is a great game, MUCH better than ArmA 2. Highly Recommended!
game-hours: 86.0
review: ThIS GAME IS SWAG
game-hours: 88.4
review: Great game. Definitely not your average shooter, as you really need to know what you're doing otherwise you will not succeed.
game-hours: 212.2
review: The game is great, its very glitchy and needs to fix bugs but overall is one of my favorite games.
game-hours: 106.6
review: WHERE YOU AT MOTHMAN
game-hours: 261.4
review: Ever wondered how it feels to be a muscular, hard- operator? Well too bad, you're a scrawny ing toy soldier with futuristic gadgets which does all the fighting for you so all you get to do is walk around in your undies while in base. I want a refund, this isn't what I payed for, even for an alpha. However, BIS sure nailed that underwear buldge just right. 9/10 average rail-shooter.
game-hours: 22.6
review: Sudden Death Simulator 2013
game-hours: 157.6
review: Good game, played it for the free weekend. Nek minute I put my cd key in and I had to reinstall the whole game... 10/10
game-hours: 274.7
review: This game is SOOOOO COOL Love running around in Atltis life gaining money and robbing people :D SO fun 100000/100
game-hours: 1009.4
review: Dont get it for full price, it isnt worth it. Not at all.
game-hours: 3614.7
review: Great Game, Great Modding Platform, Great Community. if you liked Arma 2, you will most likely like Arma 3. Modding Community is really busy, Mod Content is nearly limitless.
game-hours: 145.1
review: If you like military shooters and realism, this is your game. Only complaint is the MP as its not overly optimized at the moment.
game-hours: 713.0
review: Best military simulator out there for the civilian market. Game is extremely moddable, and options and different styles of gameplay are plentiful. Great online experience for players who prefer to work tactically and cooperatively with other players. As close as you'll ever get to combat.
game-hours: 771.5
review: It must be said again and again: The ArmA series is NOT compareable to any cinematic driven, action packed shooters! And if you don't like teambased multiplayer, you won't get too much fun out of it, since the singleplayer campaign seems to be more like an extra. This said, the third Armed Assault gives you everything you need for the most realistic and intense battle experience possible! You might complain about the near future setting, which made it even harder for me to leave my beloved Chernarus (ArmA 2) behind, but you won't stumble over pulse rifles et cetera. Furthermore you'll get a huge sandbox world, an editor to do in it whatever you want and a fine community that never sleeps! So, what else should I recommend right now? Buy it! Don't wait for more content and lower pricing, the war has already begun! Edit: Best Game ever! =)
game-hours: 58.1
review: Top notch game,especially with Altis and Wastelands. 10/10 would recommend again.
game-hours: 256.1
review: love this game i keep spending all my hours on it
game-hours: 256.1
review: love this game i keep spending all my hours on it
game-hours: 12.3
review: I'm not a massive FPS gamer, but then, I don't really count this game as a FPS. It's not like Battlefied, CoD or any of those types of titles. This is a combat simulator, and I have been immidiately impressed with the single player campaign (which I normally don't play!). The game doesn't feel as responsive as some newer titles (BF4), but it's realism to me, seems excellent. I don't know of course, I've never been in a war, and hope I never have too - but playing this game makes me feel about as close as I'd want to get. I only started playing this game really after playing DayZ Standalone, and will definately be continuing the explore it further.
game-hours: 83.0
review: FORWARD, FAST. LEFT RIGHT LEFT STOP BACKWARD. FORWARD FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST FAST STOP.
game-hours: 508.3
review: The best game !.. Ever ..! the best money I've spent on steam and it's all worth it. =) out of 5 stars i can give Arma 3
game-hours: 116.6
review: Great game!! :D
game-hours: 542.1
review: A+++
game-hours: 635.0
review: Arma 3 is a game, with simulation elements. It's not a simulator. It is also a game for a specific type of gamer that prefers large scale warfare, instead of playing casual fast-paced shooters like COD or BF. If you enjoy the experience from briefing and planning , and executing a plan , no matter how it plays out, the game adapts to any playing style that fits your style. Run & gun still works, but you need to have some uber micro skills.. If your mission fails, Arma allows you to retreat and get out alive, or gives you the oppertunity to get it done in another way. That's a nice touch compared to games that usually let the game end right after a fail. (SP) A bullet in the head will kill you, a bullet in your ballistic helmet might save your life, get shot in your legs and you're have to crawl your way out of there.. Things you have to consider in real life come close to the decisions you have to make in this game. Playing multiplayer with a group of people make the experience even better, but this game isn't really 'finished'. While the tags say it's a full release, Bohemia keeps working for years on these games to improve and add more content. They've done the same thing to their previous titles. If you really care about Multiplayer, I suggest Arma 2 :CO. Pro/cons : + Mission Editor Large scale warfare Mods (Armaholic & Bis forums) Steam workshop - User Generated 'Mission' Content (Mods in future?) All kinds of vehicles (Air, Cars, Armor, Support, and so on) +270 km2 map to explore - Multiplayer performance still crap. AIR vehicle (MH-/AH-) lost turnspeed, please add a slider to have us configurate our own speed on pedals. Setting sensitivity to high, still have slow pedal movement >_< Those small choppers are able to quickly rotate , but now it's a slow , long and horrible turn. No co-op in Campaign?. (Co-op game plox!) AI moves unnatural (They behave like androids)
game-hours: 677.2
review: Updated review: I have been exploring more features of Arma 3 and I love it! I have been playing a bit of the standard Arma 3 features which are fun, but the sheer number of mods and workshop missions is unreal! This game is so flexible. My most favourite mods and missions I have been playing are: Altis life: think along the lines of GTA, but everyone ever where is a real player, the police, military, bandits, civilians, criminals, everyone. It is a very immersive mission where you do what you want, whenever you want. Earn money through doing legal jobs, or become a criminal and traffic drugs, rob banks, rob other players, do whatever you want to survive, but beware your actions could get you on the police wanted list. Buy food, weapons, vehicles, licenses and so much more, it is a great experience when your on an active server. Escape Altis: an online coop game which can also be played single player, your goal to escape the huge island of altis. You will encounter AI enemy`s in all kinds of locations, choose how you get through, stealthy? Or guns blazing? Do it your way! This mission is very challenging and lots of fun, best with mates! Breaking Point: Think Dayz but on a bigger map, less glitches and now a choice of 5 factions to choose from. Each with their own perks, rules (or none depending which you choose), and appearance. Breaking point provides 5 maps, Altis, Stratis, Thirsk summer and Thirsk winter. The thirsk maps are PvP orientated with survival thrown in for good measure. Stratis is bigger than than Thirsk maps with a bigger focus on survival against zombies and other players. Altis is just huge! While breaking point is still in its infancy, the dev team is working really hard at it and adding new features and maps frequently. Vehicles in this mod are fairly rare, so expect work to be done finding them, you will also have to fix them up to get them working to. I love the Arma 3 engine, it is so flexible and allows for so many different ways to play, it just never gets dull. I highly recommend it!
game-hours: 211.7
review: The best in mil-sim-harcore-sandbox-ing-around-with-shooty-guns-and-tanks-games around.
game-hours: 202.4
review: fun
game-hours: 253.0
review: +
game-hours: 656.5
review: Awesome game love this game :D
game-hours: 6.1
review: If you have friends, this is a great game to play with them. If you don't have any friends, this is a great game to play alone. If you don't have the game to play, get money for it. If you don't have the money for it, get a job. If you don't have a job, rob a bank. If you get arrested robbing the bank, at least you tried.
game-hours: 643.7
review: CODs For Kids, CS is for Boys, Arma is for MEN!
game-hours: 227.4
review: This is a game you buy for the features, but keep on playing for the mods! Not everyone is a fan of Arma 3's mods and prefer to play it for it's base game, I'm not 1 of those people! It isn't a game for the "COD kid" to just pick and up and play, it requires patience and team work to complete missions. People who prefer the "Run N Gun" approach won't last long in the world of Arma! For me, the best thing about Arma 3 is the mods. As a survival fan I love that I can play Epoch, Breaking Point and Battle Royale on a map like Altis or Stratis (or even chernarus and beyond!). Even if you hate "mil-sim" games, I promise you will love Arma 3 if you like survival and zombie games! Give it a go!
game-hours: 5.1
review: I like it.
game-hours: 7.9
review: it's god
game-hours: 35.1
review: this game is awesome that is all!
game-hours: 98.0
review: god dayum, ai like dem tanks n  n all. GOTY would tank again 10/10
game-hours: 946.4
review: Input lag on all controls makes you feel as though you're running around with a block of concrete strapped to your head. The new Go Karts have what feels like a 100ms delay in single player from me pressing the D or A key to the wheels actually starting to turn.
game-hours: 13.0
review: altis life sucks and its so hard to run its stupid
game-hours: 10.2
review: Broken garbage.
game-hours: 774.2
review: dont buy this game. its not finished. there is no story, there are bugs, ai is stupid,........ bohemia doesnt give a  about releases they promised. we are still waiting for the 2nd part of the campaign that should have been released - as promised - in december. now the tell us it will be february. its a sanbox and without community developers this game would worth 0.- I highly recomment to wait a few months.
game-hours: 1.5
review: I've played the game during the free weekend and it is extremely laggy even in standart settings my pc has all the recomended features.unless it is a temporary bug that everyone deals with i dont suggest it to anyone.
game-hours: 22.1
review: 64 players on over 290 km. This game is a virtual marathon simulator.
game-hours: 0.6
review: It looks like a great game, but the controls are impossible. I went straight for the helicopter training and it's just impossible to play on any of the presets. There is no AZERTY keyboard support what so ever.
game-hours: 694.4
review: best tactical game ever
game-hours: 1738.6
review: Tis a great game...
game-hours: 7.0
review: Well i had it then Steam took it away from me. :(
game-hours: 66.7
review: There are several types of gudeg; dry, wet, Yogyakarta style, Solo style and East Javanese style. Dry gudeg has only a bit of coconut milk and thus has little sauce. Wet gudeg includes more coconut milk. The most common gudeg comes from Yogyakarta, and is usually sweeter, drier and reddish in color because of the addition of teak leaves as coloring agent. Solo gudeg from the city of Surakarta and is more watery and soupy with lots of coconut milk and whitish in color because teak leaves are generally not added. Yogyakarta's gudeg usually called "red gudeg", while Solo's gudeg also called "white gudeg". The East-Javanese style of gudeg has a spicier and hotter taste compared to the Yogyakarta style gudeg which is sweeter. Gudeg is traditionally associated with Yogyakarta, and Yogyakarta is sometimes nicknamed "Kota Gudeg" (city of gudeg). The center of Yogyakarta gudeg restaurants is in the Wijilan area to the east side of the Yogy
game-hours: 126.3
review: There's not much to say about Arma, so many crazy stories come out of it. Once me and Two other friends were scouting around in some woods near some buildings, we were loaded up with weapons and some good backpacks. We spot a building we wanted to check for loot, except theres already about 3 or 4 guys in there from where we could see in the hills. So my friends decide its not a good idea to go down there, I had a grenade on me, I took off my backpack and left my sniper in one place (So my friends could take it for me if I died), Took a grenade and a Pistol. I launched the grenade high into the air where it exploded confusing the enemy, I went Rambo into the building with a pistol and took all the guys out. So Yeah.....10/10. GET THIS GAME!
game-hours: 0.1
review: Don't even own this game. 10/10 would review nothing again.
game-hours: 179.5
review: arma 3 is the best war simulation game . i am recommend you to play this game
game-hours: 864.1
review: Arma 3 is a simulator First/Third Person shooter, one of the most realistic game's ive seen come by in a long while. You better have a good computer if you plan to play Multiplayer some servers really take a beating on FrameRate, If you like military or just good ol pvp in general this is quite the game to sink some time into... The new map don't hold how special Wasteland was in Alpha/Beta but its still the core mentallity of the gameplay.
game-hours: 305.6
review: banter
game-hours: 410.8
review: love this game and all of the gamemodes/mods if you dont own it buy it now your missing out
game-hours: 178.3
review: 10/10
game-hours: 103.6
review: Awesome game, there is so much you can do here, everything from sandbox to tactical realism. Both the multiplayer and singleplayer areas have huge playability levels. Plus new content is being added weekly so you never get bored. Awesome game, one of my all time favorites. Highly recommend.
game-hours: 475.6
review: Well, after more than 450 hours on record, i have to say, it is THE best game in the last years! There is so much to do with it. Seemingly unlimited ways to modify the game or to make own missions with nearly unlimited access to everything you need! It deserves just one word: AWESOME!
game-hours: 136.6
review: Arma 3 One of the best Military Simulator on the market right now! Alot of good features,Shooting out of vechicles and a very good! Warning:AMD performs worse than Intel in this game due to it being more Cpu based Buy it on sale or right now!
game-hours: 2901.1
review: Very nice game engine with lots of missions and MODs (hopefully full-on) coming for it. If it goes on sale again Im buying 2 more copies that is for sure.
game-hours: 2.6
review: My tank hit a bunny and exploded. Anti tank bunnies- great game fully recommended. 1500/10
game-hours: 140.8
review: The game needs some polishing, but when it is done I think the result will be damn good :) worth a buy
game-hours: 401.0
review: It was the only game i played till i had 140hrs on it. O.o
game-hours: 363.8
review: Fun game all around worth the money!
game-hours: 209.6
review: Very strategic and requires skill more than anything.
game-hours: 1692.5
review: One of the most incredible games ever made, following a long line of fantastic military simulators. This is the collimation of Bohemia Interactive. A true PC masterpiece.
game-hours: 120.2
review: If you like playing games you'll like playing this game.
game-hours: 120.7
review: the beast :D
game-hours: 340.6
review: Such a good game everything about it is great you should definetly pick it up
game-hours: 819.1
review: This Game is absolutely beautiful. Some of my best moments have been on this game, not only is the vanilla game absolutely brilliant but the modding community is also spectacular. You can play as Marines, Army, Navy, whatever you choose. That being said, some further optomization is necessary as this game has major lag spikes and crazy FPS drops, even in singleplayer. I have played for 300 hours and have yet to play the campaign, its great. If you are wondering what this game requires graphics card wise, I am playing with a MSI Radeon R9 270x which is a mid range card, on all ultra at average of 50-60 FPS (On singleplayer). For a long time I was playing with a NVIDIA GeForce 610 which is a low end card but wsa still able to play and had great expierences with. So Overall, no matter what your specs are, buy this game. If your specs aren't quite good enough to run it on ultra or high the sheer gameplay expierences will make you want to invest mor time, and of course more money on PC games. Gameplay 10/10 Graphics 9/10 FPS 7/10 Storyline (from what I've seen from others and from the few missions I have dabbled in) 9/10 Overall 9/10 would play
game-hours: 281.9
review: The best massively open world first and third person shooter I have every played. Arma 3 makes Call of Duty Advanced Warfare and Battle Field 4 look likes child play. The amount of detail in all there helicopters, Tanks, Troop Transports, characters, weapons, maps, lighting, effects, go-carts is overwhelming! Sometimes when I'm flying over a city getting ready to para-drop into a hell fire of tanks and jets, I feel like I'm watching a HD action movie of the year! I don't what I love most about this game the most, might be laying in the grass on a hill a mile away from any conflict staring down my scope of my rifle calculating the wind and the bullet drop, then taking the shot. No game has every made me feel so rewarded when I complete a mission. Amra 3 missions are not these 5 minute deathmatches there long fought out high action battles. Also there map is SO BIG its insane, and its not just one island, there's others that are insanely big, I cant even imagine how long it would take to go from one side of the main island to the other flying in a Helicopter going over 200+ miles per hour. Lastly very unique complex non-repetitive terrain. LOVE IT, CARE FOR IT, BUY IT!
game-hours: 291.6
review: well I only have 100 hours on this one. But that's enaugh after I've played nearly 2000 hours of ArmA 2 OA with and without the DayZ mod.(440 or so hours wasteland, 220 hours on a single dayz server and about 150 - 200 on multiple other DayZ epoch servers via DayZ commander) The game is simply improved, it runs better than the old one does (at least on my system), looks great, is less clunky. The game is set in future (I dislike this bit) Is a time cow as alaways. To newcomers this game takes time. There are no quick 10 minute rounds. The meat of the game for me is on 120 people wasteland servers, where it takes time to get gear, takes time to travel, takes time to siege and objective and so on. An average paly session will last from 2 hours and up (If you want to acctualy acomplish something). 10/10 would recomend if you can run it. Howerver I'd simply suggest picking up ArmA 2 when it's avalible for 5 or less euros, since the price is quite steep when not on sale and you're either going to love this (like I do) or hate it. It's not comparable to Battlefield or Call of Duty. And even more so it's false to think that liking any of those games will make you like ArmA as well. Also when deciding on making your purchase take a good hard look will you be able to run this game and if can play a game on 30 fps. I'm all PC master race guy with atleast full HD and 60fps as a requirment, however without the latest and greatest rig it's hard to swim around 60fps in this title. SP runs well, very well even, but when it comes to MP your expierence is close to unpredictable. On some servers you'll be running great and on some you'll have 10fps no matter what you do. This game is uniqe. It's more like tools and materials that can be used to create a beautifull house, than the house itself. If you want to expierence the construction of your house rather than getting one already built, there is no better title than this one.
game-hours: 653.4
review: "I'm not going to pay this money for this game" - Totally not, you shouldn't. 1st you should get a better GPU, and I mean a VERY GOOD GPU, ARMA 3 still needs better optimization. 2nd wait for multiplayer fixes, it still has some desync insues here and there, multiplayer performance needs improvement. 3rd "Why do i need ot wait for multiplayer fixes when i can play Singleplayer?" - Well ARMA is made for Coop action, and by this I mean join a clan/ group/ unit that knows how to play the game correctly. 4th Buy it and you will see it will be worth it!
game-hours: 347.8
review: This games brings really fun and is addictive :> Great workshop and mods makes this game even better. Really worth to buy if you are looking for something to play longer than 1 hour.
game-hours: 89.2
review: 10/10
game-hours: 157.3
review: Fun As Hell! Great game, only complaint is.... NO JUMP. REALLY!! Epic fail in that department as your legs into the floor of the cement pad you try to climb on to. I will say amazing game other then that though,
game-hours: 41.0
review: Great game.Gives you that original war feeling.For those who are interested in tactical gaming this is the game for you.
game-hours: 134.8
review: Awesome game, addicting.
game-hours: 73.8
review: THIS GAME IS FUN , BUT MOSTLEY FOR THE MODS AND OTHER MULTIPLAYER
game-hours: 636.2
review: Gamemodes for Arma 3 in a nutshell... -Altis Life = Getting run other in the first few seconds -Wasteland = Get killed by your own team -Arma 3 Life = Pay $30 or gtfo -King of the hill = Get killed by people who are higher level then you who are in jets. -Zues = .... Whats Zues? Overall, gud game to die in 11/10
game-hours: 1.7
review: Arma 3 is a good game, just not for me, I don't like it very well. It still a good game, don't get me wrong. I just don't enjoy it as much as any of my other games.
game-hours: 202.9
review: Great game, fun with friends and the storyline is great.
game-hours: 251.3
review: You want a game where everything is close quarters combat? You want a game where you can see your enemy shooting you? You want a game where your health regenerates and you're able to survive several shots to the face? You want a game where the vehicles are extremely easy to operate and pretty much nearly invincible? You want a game where the guns are easy to aim and you need absolutely no experience to use them? You want a game where the map is nice and small and compact, and is perfectly practical to walk across? Sorry. But this game is not for you. 10/10
game-hours: 140.8
review: The game needs some polishing, but when it is done I think the result will be damn good :) worth a buy
game-hours: 401.0
review: It was the only game i played till i had 140hrs on it. O.o
game-hours: 363.8
review: Fun game all around worth the money!
game-hours: 209.6
review: Very strategic and requires skill more than anything.
game-hours: 1692.5
review: One of the most incredible games ever made, following a long line of fantastic military simulators. This is the collimation of Bohemia Interactive. A true PC masterpiece.
game-hours: 120.2
review: If you like playing games you'll like playing this game.
game-hours: 120.7
review: the beast :D
game-hours: 340.6
review: Such a good game everything about it is great you should definetly pick it up
game-hours: 98.7
review: Perfect short-distance graphics effect & nice weapon mods,but distant view seems a little simple... prety much tactical options for players and much funny veichles , particularly the helicopters,and the karts! ahahaha somehow the multiplayers mode its hard 2 connect for that evry server needs sm  addons . and  CNS internet,which makes hi ping.
game-hours: 1566.3
review: Playing this game on a public server with random people will make you hate this game. Playing this game on a private server with a chosen few will make you love this game.
game-hours: 2086.4
review: Well, Arma 3, Arma 3. Personally this is my favorite War game and maybe even my favorite war game of all time. Reason being is due ot it's heartbeating intense firefights. Espicially when you get along with some freinds and mods and completely make Arma into a full on Military Simulator. I honestly think Arma 3 campaign has a great story mode to it, every special part of the campaign made me want to not quit it! Intense scripting and story line for sure! Graphics wise, i think arma 3 has AMAZING graphics for a computer game, however the bad thing is you need a really buffed up computer to do it. Need a new graphics card/video card, and maybe even a new motherboard or CPU will help! Arma 3 multiplayer is OUTSTANDING, it's one of the best multiplayer communitys out there for it's great teamwork players and amazing gamemodes like Altis Life, Wasteland, and Invade And Annex! If you love battlefield, call of duty, or any other war FPS/realism war games this is the game for you and it's worth the money!
game-hours: 83.2
review: great game would r8 8/8 m8
game-hours: 162.1
review: YOU WASNT THERE MAN !!!
game-hours: 265.9
review: Damn good game. So many mods, so little time.
game-hours: 31.9
review: very nice game lots of weapons maps based in greek islands but if you dont have a friend to play with dont buy it and also very nice edditor mode where you can make yor own missions
game-hours: 725.7
review: Got Killed through a wall of smoke from 700m away by a 9mm. 11/10 would get rekt again
game-hours: 2307.2
review: My favorite game since 2002, and it keeps getting better, and better, and better... Mostly thanks to Bohemia Interactive for making an open scripting command game. Then it was improved enormously by the community and their mods and missions, third party softwares, and blogs/youtubes. In my opinion, the ACRE mod made the immersion so intense that it became essential. We now also have Task Force Radio who is clearly 100% inspired from ACRE but they reacted faster to the porting to Arma 3 (probably because they are open source). The ACE guys made an amazing job at making better weapons, ballistics, medical, etc. etc. etc. Now AGM seems to be taking over that role in Arma 3 (another open source project) Also, VTS with its game master for real time mission creation and adapting, which inspired the MCC makers, and later Zeus... And finally Play withSIX (previously known as Six Updater) which made it so easy to bring all the community mods launchable, and allowed us to create repositories for keeping up with updates and mod changes for long nights of great fun. Even though BI eventually took and implemented pretty much most of what I just described in the last paragraph, it could only be made possible in the first place, because how open this game was made by them. What comes around goes around I guess. And maybe that is why they are having the MakeArmaNotWar contest where they are giving out some money. I just hope that the original community innovators who actually made this game better get some credit/price. IMO, BI started with an excellent idea with Operation Flashpoint, they kept improving the engine over the years, and the openness and the community is what made it what it is today, my favorite game.
game-hours: 1159.0
review: 11/10
game-hours: 819.1
review: This Game is absolutely beautiful. Some of my best moments have been on this game, not only is the vanilla game absolutely brilliant but the modding community is also spectacular. You can play as Marines, Army, Navy, whatever you choose. That being said, some further optomization is necessary as this game has major lag spikes and crazy FPS drops, even in singleplayer. I have played for 300 hours and have yet to play the campaign, its great. If you are wondering what this game requires graphics card wise, I am playing with a MSI Radeon R9 270x which is a mid range card, on all ultra at average of 50-60 FPS (On singleplayer). For a long time I was playing with a NVIDIA GeForce 610 which is a low end card but wsa still able to play and had great expierences with. So Overall, no matter what your specs are, buy this game. If your specs aren't quite good enough to run it on ultra or high the sheer gameplay expierences will make you want to invest mor time, and of course more money on PC games. Gameplay 10/10 Graphics 9/10 FPS 7/10 Storyline (from what I've seen from others and from the few missions I have dabbled in) 9/10 Overall 9/10 would play
game-hours: 281.9
review: The best massively open world first and third person shooter I have every played. Arma 3 makes Call of Duty Advanced Warfare and Battle Field 4 look likes child play. The amount of detail in all there helicopters, Tanks, Troop Transports, characters, weapons, maps, lighting, effects, go-carts is overwhelming! Sometimes when I'm flying over a city getting ready to para-drop into a hell fire of tanks and jets, I feel like I'm watching a HD action movie of the year! I don't what I love most about this game the most, might be laying in the grass on a hill a mile away from any conflict staring down my scope of my rifle calculating the wind and the bullet drop, then taking the shot. No game has every made me feel so rewarded when I complete a mission. Amra 3 missions are not these 5 minute deathmatches there long fought out high action battles. Also there map is SO BIG its insane, and its not just one island, there's others that are insanely big, I cant even imagine how long it would take to go from one side of the main island to the other flying in a Helicopter going over 200+ miles per hour. Lastly very unique complex non-repetitive terrain. LOVE IT, CARE FOR IT, BUY IT!
game-hours: 291.6
review: well I only have 100 hours on this one. But that's enaugh after I've played nearly 2000 hours of ArmA 2 OA with and without the DayZ mod.(440 or so hours wasteland, 220 hours on a single dayz server and about 150 - 200 on multiple other DayZ epoch servers via DayZ commander) The game is simply improved, it runs better than the old one does (at least on my system), looks great, is less clunky. The game is set in future (I dislike this bit) Is a time cow as alaways. To newcomers this game takes time. There are no quick 10 minute rounds. The meat of the game for me is on 120 people wasteland servers, where it takes time to get gear, takes time to travel, takes time to siege and objective and so on. An average paly session will last from 2 hours and up (If you want to acctualy acomplish something). 10/10 would recomend if you can run it. Howerver I'd simply suggest picking up ArmA 2 when it's avalible for 5 or less euros, since the price is quite steep when not on sale and you're either going to love this (like I do) or hate it. It's not comparable to Battlefield or Call of Duty. And even more so it's false to think that liking any of those games will make you like ArmA as well. Also when deciding on making your purchase take a good hard look will you be able to run this game and if can play a game on 30 fps. I'm all PC master race guy with atleast full HD and 60fps as a requirment, however without the latest and greatest rig it's hard to swim around 60fps in this title. SP runs well, very well even, but when it comes to MP your expierence is close to unpredictable. On some servers you'll be running great and on some you'll have 10fps no matter what you do. This game is uniqe. It's more like tools and materials that can be used to create a beautifull house, than the house itself. If you want to expierence the construction of your house rather than getting one already built, there is no better title than this one.
game-hours: 653.4
review: "I'm not going to pay this money for this game" - Totally not, you shouldn't. 1st you should get a better GPU, and I mean a VERY GOOD GPU, ARMA 3 still needs better optimization. 2nd wait for multiplayer fixes, it still has some desync insues here and there, multiplayer performance needs improvement. 3rd "Why do i need ot wait for multiplayer fixes when i can play Singleplayer?" - Well ARMA is made for Coop action, and by this I mean join a clan/ group/ unit that knows how to play the game correctly. 4th Buy it and you will see it will be worth it!
game-hours: 347.8
review: This games brings really fun and is addictive :> Great workshop and mods makes this game even better. Really worth to buy if you are looking for something to play longer than 1 hour.
game-hours: 89.2
review: 10/10
game-hours: 157.3
review: Fun As Hell! Great game, only complaint is.... NO JUMP. REALLY!! Epic fail in that department as your legs into the floor of the cement pad you try to climb on to. I will say amazing game other then that though,
game-hours: 41.0
review: Great game.Gives you that original war feeling.For those who are interested in tactical gaming this is the game for you.
game-hours: 134.8
review: Awesome game, addicting.
game-hours: 73.8
review: THIS GAME IS FUN , BUT MOSTLEY FOR THE MODS AND OTHER MULTIPLAYER
game-hours: 12.1
review: Great game. IMO, more realistic than Arma 2, better graphics engine. I was able to run it in 1600x960p. Recoil is not that of a damn Barrett .50 cal when you are shooting a pistol. Cooler story and just overall an advancement from Arma 2. OP AF
game-hours: 94.7
review: one of the best gaems
game-hours: 137.9
review: 10/10 BEST GAME WORLD
game-hours: 124.5
review: Have had this game for a while, near enough have 100 hours, i don't play the campaign but i do play the multiplayer and it is quite fun. Played on Invade and Annex with others and gave sniper cover over a valley. Played on Altis life and became a rebel killing cops. Played king of the hill and had to fight my way through the streets of Kavala. Long story short. This game is good, the SP and MP are both good, People are good but some can be annoying.
game-hours: 104.0
review: Looted the corpse of my fallen comrade and took his sunglasses. 10/10 respec for your fallen bredas.
game-hours: 886.7
review: This military sandbox is definitely worth the buy! Some game-modes I like are: King of the Hill: A great team vs. team vs. team game-mode where you fight to stay in the objective area, level up to unlock more weapons, vehicles, and more! Role-play game-mode (altis life, stratis life, arma 3 life, arma rpg) : A really fun mode where you can live your life as a civilian and choose a career, apple farming is good but you will make a bit more mooney running drugs. This game-mode offers great role-play experience that can't be beat. Epoch Mod: A great pvp/survival mod very similar to DayZ, in this mod you can build your team, craft a base, fight off enemy AI, kill zombies, survive, scavenge. A great mod to play if you are a fan of DayZ standalone, Arma 2 epoch. Overall a great game, and with 700 hours played I can highly suggest this game to anyone.
game-hours: 1112.6
review: Good Stuff !
game-hours: 62.7
review: This game is definitely a direct improvement over Arma 2. If you are familiar with that game, it is very easy to transition over to this game. I especially enjoy the mission editor. The mission editor has a pretty steep learning curve, but enough tutorials and trial and error will get you competent with the editor's logic. The game is much better optimized than Arma 2 was, but it still runs pretty awful on multiplayer, even with a high spec PC. I ended up having to turn down my view distance to a pretty low amount to consistently get 40 fps on multiplayer, because the fps largely relies on the server's power. On single player or a small server of 5-10 people, I could just about max out the game with a steady 60 fps. I am disappointed with the DLC though, as it really doesn't add much at all to the game at this point, and it retails at $25. I would recommend picking this game up, even if you have never played the other Arma games, because it seems like it has a much smaller learning curve than previous titles, but is still just as in-depth. This game is a good purchase, especially on sale, the DLC on the other hand is not currently worth it.
game-hours: 181.6
review: LOVE IT
game-hours: 994.2
review: I love this game! My dad beats me too.
game-hours: 698.5
review: A game with an experience and community like no other, with a multitude of game styles on a scale that destroys all rivalry
game-hours: 593.4
review: I remember getting ARMA 2 on special back in the day, played it once then put it on the shelf. Then I seen this mod called DayZ and I have been sucked into the ARMA world ever since. More to the point, ARMA 3. A vast improvement on its predecessor but still a game that takes a lot of trial and error before you really get the hang of it and can appreciate the engine. The Single Player Campaign was slowly worked on and released over time, with fixes and improvements over a period of time to end up with a really nice and although linear storyline, they really add elements that allow you to verge away from the main storyline and engage in heaps of other tasks and activities ( I had to play the main campaign twice to appreciate it) The main reason to get ARMA 3 though is the mods. From Breaking Point, EPOCH to a heap of 'mission maps' and game modes, ARMA really throws a lot of diversity at you and is great bang for your buck.
game-hours: 137.6
review: Great game recomend it to anyone!
game-hours: 42.9
review: Can't play as an isis soldier. 0/10
game-hours: 893.8
review: Arma 3 is a big fail.Not in Alpha state but definitely not completed. Game changes from update to update,also addons stop working with new version.You might say it's normal because new version has fixed the bugs.Wrong again.New version go on conflict with addons that worked very well from day 1,as for bugs...stil not solved,very often fps drops and connection issues between client and server. Gameplay...LAME...for 2015 Arma 2 was a big hit. Arma 3 is another version on Arma 2 with "new" tweaks. Annoying DLC screen while flying in vehicles from DLC.
game-hours: 37.1
review: This game has terrible optimization.I am getting 15 fps in low graphics.
game-hours: 446.1
review: The game is far too buggy to be worth 60 dollars.
game-hours: 6.6
review: The graphics are good but thats all thats good. Full of glitches, bizzare controls, terrible gameplay. Worst game ive ever played.
game-hours: 65.2
review: After the steep learning curve it's really good fun. Beware, it seems very graphics intensive.
game-hours: 14.8
review: Astounding game. Great graphics, gameplay, and more. Whenever I played it I would feel either really relaxed or tense, no in-between. However my computer is  so I can't play it :(
game-hours: 217.0
review: This game is amazing although it keeps getting frozen. However its okay my internet provider reads out its constant motto hakuna matata. I was outside in the recent snow and i was asking myself if I want to build a snowman But then i thought i just cant wait to be king of Altis. I died One time with my scuba gear under the sea but everythings better when i am wetter in my own pee pee . I had a recent visit to Kavala and i saw a hobo i thought to myself who is that girl staring back at me. I then saw a Hench Po PO man and i thought i wanna be like you i wanna talk like you i wanna walk like you. So i ran up to him and grabbed his sweaty bicep and said you've got a friend in me. It is best to start of by buying the bare Necessities in altis like backpacks and stuff But think about yourself really its a whole new world out there. However dont insult police because i got shot. P.S i guess thats the circle of life
game-hours: 1109.7
review: By far the most realistic military simulation game that's out today. If you're a serious military enthusiast this is your game. It also has the most impressive modding community I've ever seen for a game. This is a true PC exclusive. Arma 3 is more than a military game. If you are someone who is very creative and has a vision of an exciting scenario in your mind, this game will give you the tools to make that vision come to life. It does require a VERY powerful CPU to be clocked very high for it to run smoothly. It's rough around the edges, but at the end of the day it gives you so much freedom that many games fail to deliver. 9/10
game-hours: 248.6
review: Tons and tons of playability! Two same missions will never be the same! Really good game, where instead of running and spraying everything in your line of sight, you actually gotta think and plan your moves as well cooperate with your teammates. Highly recommended for people with a sense of tactics, communication skills! Stricly NOT recommended for CoD fanboys (yes flame me)
game-hours: 102.9
review: Any sane person would say this game is bad... I am not sane. This has got to be the most fun I've had with a game in a long time.
game-hours: 180.1
review: 1000/10 one of the best games i've EVER played. So realistic. Super fun with friends.. just Buy it right now... It's AMAZING
game-hours: 1126.2
review: Best. Game. Ever.
game-hours: 76.2
review: 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 62.8
review: Molasses Foot
game-hours: 1.3
review: *****
game-hours: 1138.3
review: To much fun
game-hours: 24.2
review: It's like a 1000 games in one
game-hours: 15.2
review: The game is great! It is a very realistic war simulator that I highly recommend. It makes Call of Duty look like dog poop. There are a lot of mods that are fun to play. You can do just about anything in this game, fly helos, drive quads, trucks, tanks, shoot people, and much more. It just makes me mad that I bought it for $59.99 three days ago and today it is on sale for $29.99. 11/10 Would pay full price again.
game-hours: 2642.7
review: I am truely amazed by how endless the possibilities are with ArmA 3. With the right mods, or just the right friends, you can make anything out of ArmA. If you are looking to play, I suggest you try out Altis life if you like to role-play, Recommended Altis Servers - Black Water Gaming - The Revolution Gaming - Black List Gaming Or perhaps you are looking to do some military type stuff, then I suggest either find a milsim unit. Recommended Military Simulation Units - 40 Commando 31.186.251.180 (TS IP) Or perhaps you are looking just to sit back and kill people. For that, I do not have any recommendations, but look into King of the Hill and Wasteland.
game-hours: 994.9
review: Nothing can compare to the variety of gameplay Arma III has to offer.
game-hours: 58.4
review: Rabbits can open doors. Hell yeah I'd recommend this game.
game-hours: 1182.9
review: Sucks
game-hours: 25.6
review: I got to play this game for free as it was one of the free games for the weekend at the time and ive got to say that the experience of war that you get is amazing and would recommend this game to any one who likes role playing games and military simulator's.
game-hours: 27.9
review: You can fight a war naked 10/10
game-hours: 893.8
review: Arma 3 is a big fail.Not in Alpha state but definitely not completed. Game changes from update to update,also addons stop working with new version.You might say it's normal because new version has fixed the bugs.Wrong again.New version go on conflict with addons that worked very well from day 1,as for bugs...stil not solved,very often fps drops and connection issues between client and server. Gameplay...LAME...for 2015 Arma 2 was a big hit. Arma 3 is another version on Arma 2 with "new" tweaks. Annoying DLC screen while flying in vehicles from DLC.
game-hours: 12.3
review: Trash game, Bohemia fails to fix the lag issue, hotfixes making the lag even WORSE. The combat isn't realistic if you have 5 fps, Bohemia fix this game before you make more games.
game-hours: 579.9
review: This game is the BEST army simulator anyone will ever play. I like how you can pick about anything for your character to use or wear. Every thing is realistic in this game and i highly recomend this game!
game-hours: 717.3
review: Best game. 10/10
game-hours: 20.4
review: -=-This review was written on the 6th of January 2015. Things may have changed.-=- I really want to like this game, and I do very much. For the current 20 hours I have played, it has been very fun. The reason why I don't reccomend this game is optimization. There is none of it. If I can crush BF4 @ Ultra, 1080p in 64 Player Battles running at a smooth 70-80FPS, or CSGO @ Ultra , 1080p with 300FPS, and Payday 2 running @ High, 1080p with a crystal clear 135FPS, why am I running this game, released in Mid-2013 @ Standard with 20FPS? It's honestly madness! One of the reasons why I bought this machine was to play this game, I couldn't do it with my old PC. But when I realise that this $2000 PC can not run this game at Standard it bugs me so much. They need to get this  sorted very soon or their playerbase will turn to nothing, as nobody will run this thing because they can't afford a better PC and can't stand the  framerate! It really can be a challenge to run this. If you are planning to get a PC for this game, please go with Intel and NVidia. This game is definitely not AMD-friendly. I run an Intel CPU and an AMD GPU and because of my GPU I am struggling, even though this game is super CPU-intensive. I love this game, but I can't reccomend it right now in this state. "Please fix this Bohemia, we need it." - Everyone
game-hours: 80.1
review: Great Game
game-hours: 1346.7
review: Hora 3500. Lugar isla de altis-2028 Era la mejor hora para hacer dinero ya que se sienten los disparos de artillados y helicpteros en zona segura la polica estar atareada por largo tiempo. Y la mejor para los buitres carroeros. Vamos en una caravana de 5 camiones recolectores y una camioneta rebelde custodindonos, estamos en las coordenadas 1907 cerca de syrta. Un silencio total los nervios invaden al grupo, hay mucho en juego. El lder divisa entre las espesuras de los arboles un rebelde, nos detenemos la camioneta avanza hasta el objetivo a verificar si son aliados o enemigos. Se adelanta unos 150 mtrs En el momento que vemos un artillado y dos camionetas el equipo es muy poco para arremeter contra el artillados nos bajamos y nos alejamos lo ms posible pidiendo posiciones y reencuentro el encargado de posicin pide extraccin inmediata en syrta al piloto mcaguz llegamos al lugar de extraccin debemos recuperar lo perdido ellos solamente queran el botn sin saber que cerca del lugar xnico tena una casa llena de armamento y vehculos. Nos armamos y tomamos los vehculos mientras el helicptero nos brinda apoyo logstico del aire. Ah estn se siente en el radio coordenadas 1707 se acercan a kore Acudimos de inmediato al lugar pudiendo divisar el convoy y planeamos una emboscada muy cerca xnico se encarga de poner c4 en el camino y Rodrigo espera agazapado con un rpg mientras que nicolas, lukkas, Douglas y yo buscamos un sector alto en la montaa para brindar fuego de apoyo puwolsky el ingeniero atento con los vehculos para extraernos en caso de ser necesario el encargado de orden de tiro es el c4 detonado xnico. Todos esperando callados a los enemigos de repente se divisa el ifrit y detrs el convoy que nos ha sido robado no queremos destruir nuestro convoy si no se separan tendremos que detonar igualmente todos de acuerdo. Faltan 400 metros, la impaciencia nos pone nerviosos y el miedo de que ningn amigo caiga en combate, en la montaa puwolsky realiza un pequeo disparo el ifrid se adelanta al convoy. Todo listo se da la orden de disparo el c4 hace lo suyo pero el ifrid va demasiado rpido queda daado la torreta empieza a girar todos con miedo esperando que Rodrigo haga un buen disparo Carga su rpg y da en el blanco empiezan los disparos Douglas cae herido, medico se siente a los gritos corro lo ms rpido posible para curarlo mientras los disparos pasan my cerca nuestro recuperamos nuestro convoy los rebeldes huyen desesperados por sus vidas. Ya se habla en altis acerca de los MoW
game-hours: 18.2
review: Now where do we start here then :D Arma2: OA was great for mods such as Overpoch and the best thing in Arma2: OA is that there is no physics :D but... Arma 3: Brings allot to the table when fighting in wars I mean when I first played Arma 3 and that was when it was free on steam I instantly played the campaign and it was amazing, Not as great as Battlefield and Call Of Duty campaigns. Now lets cut this boring crap and talk about running the game. Intel HD 4000+ Graphics Card: Will run the game, But on Low settings and will get over 30 FPS witch is all you need really to get a good feel of the game exept obviously crap graphics. It can run Arma 3 on a mixed scaled of Low and Medium settings but will get around 20 FPS depending on what settings you have changed to Medium ( I allways have Vsync off, Not sure if that improved FPS but I do it anyway :p ). However once you are flying in the air in combat like Apache's or Armed Little Birds for example your FPS goes up obviously because it does not render as much stuff around you as when you are on the ground you loose FPS. AMD Graphics Card: Not sure about this graphics card as my old I3 Intel HD Graphics 4000 Laptop can run arma 3 in the ways I spoke about above but lets bring Arma 2: OA back here for a second, On Arma2: OA I get about 40-60 FPS witch is great and in the air about 70-80 FPS and thats perfect but I came across someone who uses a PC with a AMD graphics card and even on low settings he gets like 15 FPS and maybe 25 FPS if he is lucky. So Arma 3 wise I am not too sure on what FPS you will get. I do not recommend anything like FPS boosters or Contig ect, As they may contain a virus and can slow down your computer badly.
game-hours: 152.7
review: I couldn't reccommend this game anymore if i tried. It is very fun, very replayable, and intense at times. The Zeus addition to the real time editing of scenarios has made this so much better tahn arma 2 its practically silly. The modding community is as good as it has always been maybe even better. There is plenty of servers and people to play with etc... Go buy it!! nowwwww!!! :p
game-hours: 566.4
review: This game is really good. I would give it a 9/10 and the reason i give it such a high rating is because there are endless things to do. Such as altis life or maybe tactical missions but my favorite part of the game is flying. There is the standard flying which is sorta like a arcade flying but still has some realistic features then there is advanced flying. But besides that this game is just great before i had this game i was a lone wolf on arma 2 but on here i met a awesome group of people that i play arma 3 with every night we even have are own altis life server.
game-hours: 370.6
review: ITS AMAZIN
game-hours: 45.2
review: Found a chance to try RP. Bought a car and equipment before a crew bumped to my car. They stole my equipments and my clothes also my car. I've said them I need to find my kid. They said we will help. They took me a place where they stole your kidney. They stole my kidney and literally gave it to my hand. Then they took it back and put a bullet in my head. 10/10 Would take my kidney on my hand again.
game-hours: 33.4
review: IM SURPRISED I actually got addicted to it! Best game playing Alone OR Online. Soooo Gooood!
game-hours: 181.6
review: LOVE IT
game-hours: 698.5
review: A game with an experience and community like no other, with a multitude of game styles on a scale that destroys all rivalry
game-hours: 593.4
review: I remember getting ARMA 2 on special back in the day, played it once then put it on the shelf. Then I seen this mod called DayZ and I have been sucked into the ARMA world ever since. More to the point, ARMA 3. A vast improvement on its predecessor but still a game that takes a lot of trial and error before you really get the hang of it and can appreciate the engine. The Single Player Campaign was slowly worked on and released over time, with fixes and improvements over a period of time to end up with a really nice and although linear storyline, they really add elements that allow you to verge away from the main storyline and engage in heaps of other tasks and activities ( I had to play the main campaign twice to appreciate it) The main reason to get ARMA 3 though is the mods. From Breaking Point, EPOCH to a heap of 'mission maps' and game modes, ARMA really throws a lot of diversity at you and is great bang for your buck.
game-hours: 137.6
review: Great game recomend it to anyone!
game-hours: 42.9
review: Can't play as an isis soldier. 0/10
game-hours: 39.4
review: i would like to test arma 3 out can you make it free for like 3 days please?
game-hours: 645.2
review: Not worth buying it. Runs like crap even with better Systems as Recommandet. Sry. BI but u ed it up again and after 2 years now its still a bloody mess...
game-hours: 3.5
review: Optimize your  game Bohemia Interactive, there is no reason I can play BF4 completely maxed at an average 80 FPS yet have issues running this game smoothly at all.
game-hours: 14.0
review: Very disapointed.
game-hours: 157.4
review: The ing DLC Is Too Damn Expensive
game-hours: 17.9
review: Great simulator! No wonder it won the award. It's just at the right pace, not too fast, not too slow. There's no health regeneration, so if you get shot, you're either going to have to patch yourself up or just tread with a wounded arm or leg. Best of all, no one fusses about it! There's no Call of Duty vs. Battlefield wars, no Ubisoft bandwagon hate. It's just Arma III.
game-hours: 44.0
review: Good Game
game-hours: 27.2
review: They sold DLC to make the tripods work that came out on release day... I need to pay extra to fix broken a game? I made a huge mistake buying DayZ and ARMA, I will not support Bohemia Interactive anymore.
game-hours: 223.1
review: Let's see... I have put 530 hours on ArmA II and 230 on ArmA III... Is this a good game? Yes. It is a military shooter that focuses on scale. There is some realism and some not, its a video game so of course there will be reality breaking moments. Do the sounds of rifles crack? Yes. Grenades that explode near you, will shake you up and be loud. The sounds in this game are amazing. From the hum of the chopper as it starts up to the rumble of your tank, you will feel like you are in this breathing world of military hardware the moment the game starts up. The graphics are amazing. There are times when I simply stare off into the horizon, in awe at how large the map is. You can customize your character for a more immersive feel in game. There are mods and various game modes. From Deathmatch to King of the Hill and DayZ Epoch, there is something for every FPS fan. The gameplay mechanics and controls are deep. Be ready for about 8 different key strokes for how you can take cover, but it works in its favor as you want to have the most concealed firing position yet be able to hit your target so peeking around corners, from low to the ground rocks and more make combat from mountains or Close Quarters dynamic and fresh. Piloting a heli or driving a tank is easy to pick up and rewarding when you master it. For airplanes, you may find the controls difficult as having a stick is the best and easiest way to effectively pilot (some players only pilot and use only the joystick in multiplayer). There are really cool workshop game modes you can download and play solo or with friends. 10/10 I highly recommend this game due to its gameplay, controls and graphics. If you enjoyed the ArmA series you will love this game and if you like military shooters with some realism, you will also enjoy picking this game up.
game-hours: 2.7
review: Arma 3 Gives me a hard on whenever i open it.Just the smell of the cover makes me want to murder a puppy and piss on a newborn baby with cancer like cause iam just so indie like that. Its like the love of my life i dont need a girlfriend because i have my Arma 3 by my side. My non indie Friend Rory Evans hates this game cause he is not Indie like me. It gives me more to do around the house other than thinking bout ways to kill myself or How to make the news with the next big mass school killing.
game-hours: 652.3
review: Glitchy as hell but addictive
game-hours: 141.7
review: YOU CAN IN SALUTE PEOPLE LIKE WHAT HEY GET THIS GAME NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWW
game-hours: 1118.8
review: so much fun
game-hours: 11.9
review: .
game-hours: 186.4
review: "Oh DLC, meh, not a big deal, I can probably take the weapons off dead bodies or maybe use them for a while as a trial." *Gets in game* "Sweet, killed a guy, better snatch his sniper rif-." *PURCHASE DLC NOW TO USE THIS WEAPON!* *Uninstalls game* This is what I get for supporting these guys for years. Way to go...
game-hours: 1004.1
review: this is a very good game...
game-hours: 115.1
review: It's the dead of night on the CSAT-occupied island of Stratis, and the peaceful darkness is about to explode into chaos. I'm leading one of two spec-ops teams on a mission to liberate the leader of a local guerrilla faction and return him to the much larger island of Altis. A British squad is in charge of the actual rescue. Our job is to cause as much trouble across the island as possible to distract the CSAT forces and give the British the opening they need. Over the next hour, that's precisely what I do. Inserting by boat from the northwest coast, I head south and raid an ammo dump before cutting across to the eastern shore to destroy a heliport. Then my squad suppresses an enemy encampment from a hillside near the centre of the island as I swoop in from the west to flank them. Yet before we can regroup, my entire team is killed by reinforcements descending from the north, and the British still need more time to complete their mission. Alone, I rush to the southernmost tip of the island, where I blow up a fortified anti-air position before escaping by riding a quad bike back through the swarming enemy forces to the extraction point, where the boat takes me home. Arguably the biggest complaint about Bohemia Interactive's post-Flashpoint games is that their campaigns haven't used the magnificent landscapes they create to their full potential. The first Arma's campaign was a hastily cobbled-together disappointment, while it took a certain zombie-survival mod to harness the austere and foreboding power of Arma 2's Chernarus. That Arma 3 uses half an island for just one of its twenty-odd missions is indicative of Bohemia's effort to resolve this ongoing issue. Indeed, taken as a whole, Arma 3 strives to make this deep and impenetrable military simulator series a more comprehensive, more engaging and more user-friendly experience. It isn't completely successful, but I had an awful lot of fun watching it try. While Arma 3 was officially released back in September, the campaign has been portioned out in three substantial chunks over the last six months. Each chapter is a self-contained entity with its own story arc and theme; combined, they tell the tale of the excitingly named Corporal Ben Kerry and his role in the war over the fictional Mediterranean island archipelago of Altis and Stratis, waged between four different factions. The first part, Survive, is geared towards introducing players to Arma. It takes place entirely on the smaller of Arma 3's two islands, Stratis, and sees Kerry banding up with a group of NATO survivors after the local Altian Armed Forces, backed by NATO's eastern equivalent CSAT, rise up against the local US garrison. For the most part, missions are small-scale skirmishes that keep you firmly in the "follower" category while teaching you the basics of minimising your daily lead intake. Rescuing a downed helicopter crew instructs you on establishing a defensive position, while a midnight liaison with local militia explains how to flank and clear buildings. It's hardly the campaign's most spectacular stage. Story-wise, it's let down by voice acting that ranges from passable to cringeworthy and a script that understands military radio chatter but not how human beings interact with one another. Even here, though, Bohemia's approach to maximising the assets it has built is apparent. Missions are nearly always multi-staged, with objectives being added and changed as events rarely go according to plan. While it smoulders rather than sparks, Survive concludes strongly and the momentum is carried over into Adapt, definitely the best of the three chapters. This introduces Altis, a masterwork of environmental design. I could write another 1000 words on its remarkable sights and sounds: its misty dawns, crimson dusks and streetlight-speckled nights. But what's most important is how the detail that's gone into mapping the landscape's undulations - the lumps and bumps, hills and valleys - plays into the game's combat. A little rise in the ground might be the difference between life and death as you throw yourself down in evasion of the fiendishly accurate enemy AI. When they stop to reload, you'll rush to locate a better vantage point, order your men to "find cover" (an extremely handy new command) and plant half a dozen bullets in your opponent's surprisingly tough body. Tactics are vital in Arma 3, but it's terrain that really makes the difference between success and failure. It's crucial to learn this before Adapt begins, because the difficulty suddenly ramps up. The first mission sees you alone, unarmed and with a city full of enemy soldiers between you and any kind of safety. At this point, setting saves to unlimited using Arma's highly customisable difficulty levels becomes a necessity. Fittingly, after Survive, you will die many, many times. That said, it's important to note that combat is more satisfying than before thanks to improved animations, smoother weapon handling and better optics - meaning the challenge stems from your opponents rather than clumsy controls and slow-to-aim weapons. Adapt also changes the way you play. It gives you a squad to control, which is a mixed blessing. AI units tend to be much more perceptive of enemy locations than you are and are especially useful when facing down tanks and APCs, but they also require a fair amount of babysitting to keep them alive, and the lack of changes to Arma's squad commands means this can be a chore. Especially problematic is AI ammo management; your teammates go through bullets like a swarm of locusts through a corn crop, and resupplying them in the field is a nightmare in Arma 3's clumsy interface. Alongside its story missions, which include the brilliant raid on Stratis described above, Adapt also introduces an open-world component. From your base you can go out on "Patrol" and complete multiple optional objectives, from clearing enemy checkpoints to smoking out a sniper hidden inside a labyrinthine industrial complex, all while collecting weapons, ammo and equipment to use during the main missions - though the clunkiness of Arma's inventory management means this is less enjoyable than it should be. If you want to bring stuff back to base, you need to find a vehicle and load it item-by-item from your own inventory, while before each mission the game defaults to a standard equipment loadout and items you previously had can be lost in this process. After the meatiness of Adapt, the final chapter Win feels fleeting by comparison, with only six missions to its name. But they're also the most spectacular, displaying vast, combined-arms battles that cover sweeping areas of Altis. It's strongly reminiscent of the opening of Operation Flashpoint, but with you in control rather than being led by an AI squad leader. In these closing stages you can call in devastating artillery strikes and helicopter assaults, simultaneously demonstrating the sheer destructive power of modern warfare and your own insignificance in the scale of things. Story-wise, it's also the most interesting segment, making unsettling use of its near-future setting and offering a branching conclusion that is fascinating, whichever direction you take. Arma 3's campaign is a big, powerful, deeply engrossing thing, but there is one disappointment: its lack of vehicular missions. Since the story focuses on one not particularly interesting character who is ultimately a grunt, there are no tank missions, no helicopter missions and no jet missions. I can understand why, to a point: Arma's vehicles, especially its airborne offering, take time and effort to learn to control. Moreover, in these kinds of games infantry combat tends to be more enjoyable anyway. On the other hand, Flashpoint offered plenty of vehicle engagements during its campaign without any issue, and it's frustrating that, 13 years on, Arma's campaigns still lag behind it in terms of breadth of experience.
game-hours: 77.2
review: Beacuse Spoon
game-hours: 22.4
review: this game have the best 'realism' where you can easily die by bullets, high recoil and no terms of 'one-man-army' like most of the game these days. its possible to be OMA but that requires many tries on each levels. THE BAD THING is that the gameplay is kind of BORING because theres too many information that you recieved but less thing you can do. Instructions/Guide while in game sometimes doesnt help a new player to understand this game. Too many button to use! The AI in singleplayer kindda DUMB. The AI doesnt react to our command smart enough. Realism : 9.0/10 Gameplay : 5.5/10 AI : 3.5/10 Graphics : 8.5/10 Physics : 7.5/10 Overall : 6.8/10
game-hours: 120.4
review: This game is DEFINITELY worth $50. I mean, who doesn't want to be a drug lord in Altis Life?
game-hours: 104.4
review: Just yes! If you loved ArmA 2 you're going to love this!
game-hours: 301.2
review: So immersive when played in multiplayer with a proper team. Map reading is just one of the real life skills you may need to use during battle, as well as using the radio and communicating with your team. Also includes a great editor to make your own missions for multiplayer and singleplayer, and you can upload your own missions to the Steam Workshop
game-hours: 76.4
review: Best war game ever, its that simple.
game-hours: 84.4
review: This game is good, yea? Optimised this game is, yea? Clunky not tin man like controls easy, yea? More features, yea? Prettier looking than game last like ARMA II, yea? Play hard difficulty high, yea? Need do attend to Naval Academy know to play how, yea? Is good!
game-hours: 18.3
review: The game by itself isn't that fantastic. The graphics and gameplay are good, but it isn't worth the price. Using the Breaking Point mod adds a whole new depth into the game and I would strongly recommend downloading it if you have the Arma III game. Overall I recommend it because I haven't regretted buying it for $60 and therefore hope you feel the same if you buy it. (Best to buy it on special though)
game-hours: 434.2
review: Feels like im having muslims up my . I love it! PS. I love you all.
game-hours: 245.8
review: BEST GAME EVER. Good Graphics. AWESOME MODS. Exciting Campaing. And Better of all ZEUS DLC IS FREE. IT TURNS ArmA like an Company of Heroes in cheat mode but with some rules of course... BUY IT OR ILL MAKE YOU EAT CHEESEBURGERS WITHOUT CHEESE!
game-hours: 464.1
review: Great it's supposed to be a ''simulator'' and that word kinda means boring this is gonna be so hard ect. Nope this is realistc game that does take too much skill well depends on what you do but it VERY FUN! you should get this
game-hours: 3538.1
review: Its a realy good game, Allot of action and lovely graphics
game-hours: 15.5
review: Good Game Rate=10/10
game-hours: 15.2
review: This is the best game I have ever played. Most of the people are very nice and will be glad to teach you the ropes.
game-hours: 266.4
review: Very good military sim, unique campaign and highly entertaining multiplayer. Gr8/8 M8
game-hours: 437.2
review: Yes. This game smells good.
game-hours: 24.7
review: No comprem, o jogo no multiplayer  travadissimo (no importa a sua placa), tem poucos servers, eu sou muito f do jogo, mas fiquei muitio decepcionado com o suporte do game. Esse jogo no aceita crossfire muito bem, eu pensava que o problema era a laca de video, mas acredito que seja a engine mesmo que deixou o jogo travado.
game-hours: 118.8
review: Best Call of Duty sequel sence Battlefield 3. 11/10 would 360 no-scope again
game-hours: 105.5
review: "G for Grenade" - OFP/ARMA RIP [2001-2013]
game-hours: 103.7
review: This game is a pleasure to experience at times, flying low over the island at sun up you notice how beautiful the graphics are whilst looking out the side window at the ground just whizzing past. Then you face inwards and look around you at your buddies who are chattering away about there lives outside the game, then minutes later the pilot sets you down, you all file out ready for whats next, and everyone is quiet. You tab to the edge of the AO and observe your objective. What you see is small patrols with a couple of vehicles and a tank. Then you look past the area at the sun glistening off the sea in the distance then notice a spec flying towards you and an enemy CAS warning pops up. The heli you arrived in is shot out the sky and crashes a kilometer away. All hell breaks loose, while team leaders relay orders trying to bring control to the chaos but the plan has already gone to s**t! You lay down suppresive fire, then bound towards the town with your fireteam...... This game is a world apart sometimes, its not like call of duty and not a whole lot like battlefield either, this game will have you ducking for cover when you hear the shots crack overhead. Buy it, play it and see how your story ends..... +Also I joined an altis life server filled with french people which I thought would be okay because I speak a little bit of french. I was wrong. It was a bad idea! I approached a police officer making an arrest who immediately started screaming at me so loud I could not understand a word he was saying. So I backed away, turning to run and went around the block, only to round a corner to see blue and red flashing lights screaming towards me! Before I could move he ran me over, then seconds later I got an admin ban for being run over by an out of control police man... Now I live my Altis life far from the law as possible on a different server. Thumbs up, great game and community content will keep it alive for a long time to come! Definitly recommended :)
game-hours: 155.0
review: Great addition to the Arma series, it is buggy sometimes, weird along funny bugs.
game-hours: 26.8
review: ,          ,      ,   ,       ...         ? ,    5   ,   ,          ... !!!*SPOILER ALERT*!!!        , ...      :3  ,  ,  ,      ,   - WORKSHOP. ,    ,    ,   ..    ,   ,     Metal Gear Solid (    )  ...   ,       ,   ,  PEOPLE HAV, Bohemia Interactive  .      ,     "" :)
game-hours: 414.4
review: Sehr Empfehlenswert, gute Grafik, gute Interaktion, gute Animationen, ausgereifter Multiplayer, alles im berblick, ein sehr gutes Spiel ! Daumen hoch !
game-hours: 44.3
review: Played King Of the Hill Stole helicopter Everyone entered Helicopter i tried to fly helicopter I crash helicopter into spawn Got abuse in chat 10/10 would get called  Pilot again.
game-hours: 299.7
review: Good game
game-hours: 19.4
review: cannot 360.
game-hours: 9.3
review: The most boring game ever!
game-hours: 1220.8
review: ArmA 3 is a fantastic simulation of military combined arms warfare, successfully creating an authentic envirmoment un-rivaled to any other and hightech modes of transport to visit every inch of it. Though you may need a high performance computer to run this game, even on the lowest settings you can enjoy it. From enthrawling hour long witchhunts on Wastelands to one of the best First Person Shooter campaigns of all time, im sure you will find something that you will look back on and say "That was freaking awesome!" Create your own mission and play with friends with the in-game editor, where you can achieve the same height of perfection as in the Official Campaign. I whole heartedly dont regret any of the hours that I have put into this game and would recomend it to anyone who is willing to play properly, as a team and is willing to follow the rules of the servers becuase when you do, the game turns into a multi-million pound movie in-which you are the main character and you choose what happens. "This game is bloody epic!"
game-hours: 1471.0
review: I liek Arma.
game-hours: 28.2
review: Very good :)
game-hours: 218.0
review: This is a game where you shoot things and they die. Almost like real life. Except its not real life.
game-hours: 1457.9
review: ......................................
game-hours: 2.5
review: If you think this is another Call of Duty knock off, you're far from correct. I know i haven't played for a while, because i got it free this weekend and i dont want to spend the 60$ on it. The game is one of the most realistic games ever. That can be a good thing, and a bad thing. People have been asking for realisitc games forever, but now that we have one, do we want it? Let me just get to the Pro's and Cons. Pro's: 1. Fighting enenmies is actually a challenge. (Unlike many other shooter games) 2. The story line seems to be very good, theres alot of twists to through you off. 3. When you kill enemies, you can loot their body and take their gun, attatchments, and clothes. 4. There arent many dull moments. Like i said, the campaign keeps you on your toes. 5. Open World Thats really where the Pro's end... Con's: 1. Its so realistic, its annoying. Dont we play video games to get out of the real world? 2. If you run for 200 feet or more, you will be fatigued and your max running speed is your normal walking speed. 3. The sway of the scope/sights is so bad. I wish i could show you how impossible it is to kill people from 100m away. Unless you get lucky. 4. The map is confusing to understand at first, theres no legend telling you what everything means. 5. The amount of bullets that it takes to kill an enemy, is the same amount of bullets it take to kill you. 6. AI's will see you from 200-300m away. 7. You have to manually save if you dont want to respawn 30 mins back. 8. Multiplayer was confusing. I spawned in and walked around for a little while, tried to type to people, and nothing happened. So i left. (Maybe its because im new to Arma, and dont know what im doing.) 9. Enemies with grenade launchers seem to have unlimited grenades to launch. You cant move out of cover without being blown up at times. 10. The game thinks you should know what to do, and how to do it. So, it will tell you what it wants you to do, and if you havent figured it out in about 5 mins, it will finally give you and objective point. So, if you're confused at some point, or lost, you get to run around wildly for 5-10 mins. 11. The graphics need to be better. You think its still loading in, but its not. The graphics are just not what i expected. Thats everything I experienced in the short time that i've played. If you do purchase this game, Hope a mod as good as DayZ (From Arma 2) comes out for this game aswell.
game-hours: 11.4
review: I dont eaven own this game 10/10
game-hours: 696.5
review: This is a really great game! This is not a game for people who are going for a Call Of Duty style gameplay. There are some bugs but the developers are usually good at finding and fixing them. Cool DlC's are released frequently. The physics are quite nice, no un-realistic ragdoll effects when you die, nice vehicle handling, just dont fall down the stairs or else you wil die haha, they do need to fix that. The campaign is a thrilling story of a young Corporal Kerry who you'll play as. The maps are EXTREMELY detailed everywhere, there are so many cool and breath-taking areas of the two islands of Stratis and Altis. There are tons of servers and gamemodes so you can't be bored. There is also the option to mod this game in so many cool and fantastic ways it seems endless! But be warned, the controls are not so easy, they are not your simple stand, crouch, prone. The vehicle's controlling is decent but you will likely need some practice for the jets and helicopters which I had to do. The AI's path-taking and combat skills are impressive, at times they can act stupid. This game is a must-have for the computer gamer! I give this game a solid 5 out of 5 stars for its gameplay. I would recommend this game to anyone interested in a next level military simulation game. The developer's team is bunch of people who really do know what they are doing to make this game outstanding to play. This is not a game where you might think of a bunch of kids acting like they are United States Navy Seals or British SAS, you should think this game as a serious, fun, educational game of how military might work and fight in a simulated warzone. I hope this review encourages you to buy the game AND the DLC for it! I know I will be a constant customer with the amount of great work the developers have done to Arma 3.
game-hours: 984.9
review: Great game
game-hours: 58.1
review: ARMA III has been valued at $60 (49,58) for over two years now, and heres why. If you are a fan of FPS or TPS games, you have probably been playing COD, CS, or BF, ten hours a day, but ARMA III is not a FPS or TPS games, its a Military Simulator. Unlike COD, CS, or BF, ARMA III is meant to simulate war, making it VERY realistic. Which means its very hard to get any kills when you first start out, and unlike in COD, CS, or BF, ARMA III is set in a HUGE sandbox map, meaning: no invisible walls, almost everything is accesible, and snipers are everywhere ;). In order to enjoy ARMA III you have to like VERY slow paced shooters and have a ENORMUS amount of patience. You also must be ready to be killed by that level two sniper hiding in the bushes 1000 ft. (304 meters) away. Even though I said it is VERY slow paced, when you do happen to land yourself in a firefight, it is heart racing and very intense. In order for you to capture a objective in ARMA III you have to do these five things: A: Get a group of 10-15 people together. B: Carefully plan out, minute by minute, whats going to happen, where it is gonna happen, who its gonna happen to, and why its gonna happen. C: Aquire transportation to the objective and exit your vehicle about 500 ft. (152 meters) away from the obective. D: Approach with caution, because you have no clue where their security is. E: Excute with full pride and confidence. PRO TIP: Always be sure to keep in communication with your team and use a compass to give cordinantes on an enemy. ARMA III is a BEATIFUL game which means it has some heavy system requirments, I run it on an Alienware m17 and still get an occasional lag spike. ARMA III is not for everyone, or everyones computer, but for those who can run it, and enjoy this type of shooter, it deserves a 9.5/10 (because of high system requirments I took off half a point which is why its 9.5 not 10)
game-hours: 198.3
review: ncellikle bu oyunu altis life gibi modlar iin alyorsanz gidin baka bir ey oynayn nk bu oyun mu modlar iin yaplmad arma 3'te asl ama askeri operasyonlar simule etmek. adamlar arma 3 alyor 150 saat oynuyor hala nasl gps alacan bile bilmiyor eer bu oyunu altis iin alyorsanz gidin baka biey aln zaten oyun baya fps smryor
game-hours: 514.8
review: AMAZING!!
game-hours: 105.8
review: Overall this game is very realistic,fun and tactical ideal to play with friends; This game is solely for people who love Military Simulation and Realsim please if you are one of these people I only have one thing to say. GET THIS GAME! :D
game-hours: 12.9
review: >Altis life >Cop parked on side of road >I overtake >Lights >I stop >Cop fines me 20k for reckless driving, speeding and driving on pavement  this I'm going back to Chernorus
game-hours: 47.1
review: Good game, don't buy if you got diabetes.
game-hours: 351.0
review: This game is the best peice of junk ever. It has so many glitches and its so broken but no one gives a  because its so damn good.
game-hours: 242.7
review: This game is addictive. Yet it has tons of bugs, it's fun. If you are concerned that you won't like it, try watching some Altis Life videos on youtube, and buy the game when it is on Summer or Christmas sale on steam. Now, lets get to what really matters. There are two sides to this game. There are the RP servers, and then there are the MilSims. The RP (RolePlay) servers are easy to get, it deals with Altis and turns your gaming experience into a life, which then you have to develop your character and become friends (Or enemies) with others. You can mug, kidnap, and  (If you're experienced) other people. This gamemode is for if you want to have some laughs, and a  ton of fun. If you are wanting the military simulator part of this gamemode, then go check the Millitary Simulation Servers. There are fewer of them, but they can be still be fun. This gamemode provides a damn good simulation of War on Altis. Ranging from hardcore strategies to commanding your troops, this gamemode emits a real life enviroment for you to practice your gaming skills in. That's all, hope it helped! (By the way, I reccomend this game a lot, mostly for the people without large ing anger issues.)
game-hours: 2274.8
review: Best simulation game ever!
game-hours: 347.9
review: this game u get shot alot and you go argh but u keep playing cas it good when u drice car and go swimming. i lik cas you can drive really fast and stuff, in this gam eyou can t shoot anyone cas the y kill you fisrt lol
game-hours: 5.1
review: have you ever played Delta Force 2? its a fps game from 1999. this game looks like a HD version of that. graphics are really bad if you turn them down a little bit, otherwise you would need a very hefty machine, even my GTX780 cant give me stable 60 fps on everything maxed. vehicles look like they are made of papers or card boards attached to each other. some people call it a real 'combat simulator', what they do NOT explain is that why there are characters running only wearing pink underwears in a realistic fps game? physics are extraordinary bad, the game is clunky, sluggish and stupid. try to climb a ladder and you would understand the bad physics, as your character would climb on an invisible ladder! looks to me the devs did not spend any time on this game. for a full price, my recommendation is a big NO! i bought it when it was still alpha, and lots of problems were never solved. heck, War Thunder is a free to play game on steam and the graphics, physics, models and environment in its tank simulator looks a decade better than a 39.99 Arma III. also, i must add, there is a horrible customer service and tech support from the devs. combat simulator? real fps game? could someone explain to me if high recoil on any weapons is anything next to realism? for instance, M4 carbine is a very weak weapon in real life, with 5.56x45mm Nato cartridge it has very low recoil for an adult. in this game, it looks like a 8 years old child is firing a M4, the recoil is unrealistic and stupid. BFBC2 is ten times more realistic than this. this game is not optimized well enough. watch some videos on youtube first, there is no environmental destruction what so ever like there is in BF series. AVOID this game. i can not stand it for 10 minutes. oh, the positive side, the community of this game is a very matured, kind, friendly, generous and helpful one. thats the only bright side here. my love and respect to them. wish there were more of these people in BF4!
game-hours: 296.8
review: Not a simulator, its a pseudo-simulator. It wouldn't be 50% playable if it wasn't for the community based addons. Bohemia SEMI true sim is sold ONLY to the military. I'm playing since Flash Point, i got a milsim corp since Armed Assault, we gave up since we couldn't play due to BIS patches ( that always ended ing up the addons versions ) bugs, crashes and glitches. It has a MASTER PIECE concept of "Make your own scenario and mission" this is the best concept in a game and what gripped me into the series to be true. I've lost more time making missions than playing then, the editor was actually very fun and easy to operate. However, ARMA 3 doesn't even have a proper armor system for the armored vehicles, you can shoot them with a .50 to death within a minute, physichs will always be below average due to the engine, and, as a great vehicle enthusiast, this is a major fact while driving them ( Very wierd to hear a tank lowering it's sound when it's going uphill when the torque is at maximum so the engine sound should be at the loudest point ) Another major fact is that ARMA is not made for CQB, you will never see good CQB fights or even decent urban fights, you can even see some semi-urban firefights, but you will never experiment a true close quarters firefight simulation in ARMA. I wish we could have some alternative to it, bohemia must chage this engine, and make the game MORE realistic or it will lose it's fan, just as Codemasters with that "cool" Operation Flash Point DR.
game-hours: 347.8
review: I've had this game since it was in alpha, and even though many updates have been released, i feel as if it has never left alpha. Unfinished and plagued with bugs, it isn't worth 60 USD. Pick it up on sale if you have a lot of money, but i can't reccommend it at its full asking price.
game-hours: 308.0
review: BE CAREFUL, YOU ARE PAYING FOR A BETA GAME! this  has release in 2013 and is bugged as , crashers, glitches, all the  you meet at Arma 2 this game does not seems to be finished and the devs aren't really trying to the content of this is laughable is lower than Arma 2 with that half futuristic  mods and the comunity are the only thing that save this franchise other wise it will be dead quick mod are not flawless the are very buggy more than the main game but still wort to get so if you will buy for the vanilla GET OFF this is not a good game but if you want to play with mods you can give it a try i recommend you to buy on a steam sale to not be too painful for your pocket.
game-hours: 515.6
review: Not recommended, even for people who like a good military simulation game. Good: - Lots of potential for realism and immersion - Massive variety of ways to interact with game elements Bad: - Lack of variety in terms of gear (three colours don't make three different items) - Lack of any real weapons: it's all near-future stuff - Gunshots sound too mechanical or like movie sound effects - Weapon animations are loose: effects don't sync up right (two gunshots when you shoot three bullets, etc.) - Vehicles are very difficult to control without dedicated joystick/wheel VERY Bad: - Needlessly complicated control scheme which will take hours on hours to get used to (literally) - To say the learning curve is steep implies that there is a learning curve - Many functions of the game are hidden, unexplained, unintuitive, or poorly implemented - Potential for realism is destroyed when each mission becomes a sprint between ambushes There are several different tutorials - some in the "virtual reality", some on the islands, some as text-only, and none of which are adequate. Each tutorial is about ten-thirty seconds long and involves no actual help, assuming that because you pressed the right buttons once, you now know how to do it in combat. The team seems to have put zero effort into making the game intuitive: you will spend much of your time looking up various controls and reading about methods of interaction. This game is not finished. If you're looking for a good, intuitive, fun military simulator to get away from the Call of Duty bullcrap, pick up Operation Flashpoint: Red River. It might not be as extensive, and it suffers from a lack of replayability, but it isn't nearly as frustrating as Arma.
game-hours: 8.6
review: I give this a thumbs down, not becaue its a war simulator and Im looking for another COD, but because its so glitchy, that every time I feel like Im starting to be immersed in the game, it knockes me back out. I use the bino's to see where enemy troops are and it just decides that I have selected another item and pulls that out. I change from my rifle to my pistol and it changes back by itself 10 seconds later. It just loses all feel to it, and when it happens and it gets you killed it just makes you think it not worth it. I wouldnt buy till they can iron out these issues. On the posive side the actual game would have good potential without that issue.
game-hours: 37.3
review: It's really cool and fun! Until someone hacks your favorite server and you can't play it anymore. Good game Bad community
game-hours: 576.6
review: Left click and shoot
game-hours: 112.3
review: I wish this would go on sale already so I can murder my friends like I've always wanted to
game-hours: 37.3
review: It's really cool and fun! Until someone hacks your favorite server and you can't play it anymore. Good game Bad community
game-hours: 153.2
review: Arrested a guy in altis life for going 1kph over the speed limit. 10/10
game-hours: 254.9
review: Greedy DLC, The game is "still in Beta". The funnest thing to do by far is KOTH online but good luck getting in a server, randomly the server broswer will flip out and report 0 servers. At which time the only solution is to completely restart the game. Every time hearing that STUPID theme when it starts up, DUH DUH DUNNN DUH! Server broswer reports 0 servers, restart.... DUH DUH DUNNN DUH! 15 bucks for a couple of rifles and diffrent color guillie suits <.<, helicopter pack 15 bucks, still in Beta my . Money Grab, Poorly optimized 6/10 DUH DUH DUNNN DUH! ....... 5/10
game-hours: 5.4
review: makes me want to bump meth and become a lesbian
game-hours: 105.1
review: This sucks balls compared to A2.
game-hours: 24.0
review: You can shoot rabbits. 12341234/10
game-hours: 130.2
review: Arma 3 packs a full punch, improving on all aspects of Arma 2. From the weapon system, the flow of your character, or even the smallest thing such as your side mirrors and rear view mirrors in your car actually work. Pick this game up. You will not be disappointed.
game-hours: 302.9
review: There is just no other game like the ArmA series and ArmA 3 has bought hte graphics bang up to date along with a host of new features. This is far too msall a box to start going into all ArmA 3 can offer you. It is well worth the money and has a rich modding community. A must own.
game-hours: 2.9
review: Just dont buy it......it needs a NASA pc to play (no, 30fps is not playable in this game....dev, why u do this??? then, you can have 35fps in solo but 4 fps in multiplayer!!!??? again, why? (while in multi, we have lesser players/aircraft e.t.c.) most servers are rpg's....almost no coop server. its VERY HARD to find real strategy/realism/gameplay here.....the vids you see on youtube do happens, but its very rare....dont buy it. Arma 3 is maybe the worst game i have ever bought after shogun 2..... and i really wanted to buy it....
game-hours: 462.7
review: nice
game-hours: 76.8
review: As a reddit gold user, I've waded through dirt and mud (referring to dreaded REPOSTS, haha!) before so I know what to expect from a real life army man simulator. This was not what I was expecting. I was put in to a tight spot with my team, I couldn't even move, let alone adjust my fedora to tip at the lady members of our team! (Just kidding, there were none! Get in the kitchen! Haha!) and I even died once while I was distracted, looking at the funnybanana meme WHICH YES, I DID SAVE. THANKS JOHN! It's a great game, but I don't think I'll be playing it much when I get accepted in to the r/megalounge! Haha! Get me a whiskey on the rocks, autobutler! Haha! - Peter
game-hours: 23.0
review: Game had great introduction and I had fun. I don't know what it says about a war game when the most enjoyable part was the driving bits though... There was also quite lot of lag and frame rate kept jumping. I also had problems with achievements so that they did not come up when I got them, they came hours late or not at all. Game had problems but I still recommend it because it was fun.
game-hours: 107.5
review: I love this game more than Selena Gomez. (That's a lot) :)
game-hours: 24.3
review: Crashing Simulator 2015 420/69 would crash again 9/11 actually is cancer
game-hours: 1105.3
review: I would say that arma 3 is the best game of 2013-14 and maybe 15 since it is good optimized it has tons of mods including sandbox and even you can play other games on arma 3!? DAYUM a big bravo to BH
game-hours: 193.7
review: Arma 3 is an improvement and significant step forward over the previous in its franchise, securing its top spot as the go to for military simulation. Arma 3 makes big steps forward with huge worlds and more varied vehicles and weapons. With the clever integration of the Steam workshop, player-made content has never been easier to install and manage. A smart move by Bohemia Interactive because it's these fan based mods that are the backbone of Arma and will give Arma 3 endless hours of replayability. With the effortless downloading and installation of a huge library of player created mods, from team driven tactical scenarios to the the chaotic survival mods, it's a must have for any shooter enthusiast.
game-hours: 515.9
review: Great graphics, realistic gameplay and i had a great experience with this game. Much better than any other shooting games like : Battlefield and Call Of Duty. Succesfully made me fat. ._. Recomended 10/10 -DatFpsPlayer
game-hours: 1014.8
review: Owned the game for 2 months and have never looked back... Great game
game-hours: 226.5
review: Checklist for a Good Game Optimization of a Potato - Check Buggy as Hell - Check Ability to take of clothes - Check Mod Support - Check "Realistic" Physics - Check Kiddnapping - Check RDM - Check VDM - Check Complaining - Check Happy Tickle Time - Check Actual working flashbangs - Check Go karts - Check Worthless DLC - Check Kidnapped one day... The next I have 200 million dollars, Im a hostage keeper for a PMC, Im kidnapping people, Im forcing people to partake in Happy Tickle Time, and I create a game Called Rock Paper Flashbang. 2 days after that I no longer have a life, or any friends in real life. My friends think im dead and move on with there lives. 1 week later I have over 100 hours. 2 weeks later I realize what my life has come to. Today: Realizing that this was one of the best decisions of my life. Who needs friends anyway? 11/10 - Would lose all my friends over and over again
game-hours: 88.2
review: Broken multiplayer + horrible singleplayer campaign = Bohemia Interactive. Thanks guys.
game-hours: 200.5
review: Realistic Combat Sim and overall i really good game with great graphics
game-hours: 111.9
review: Great game when it will actually be ready for release.
game-hours: 24.6
review: Coming from someone that played A1 and A2 when they came out, away before it Dayz Mod. Arma 3 is a big ing cluster crap. There are some improvemnts on the gameplay but the problem in the game is the engine. I have a high-end PC, i can't play it with more than 30 FPS ( singleplayer i can max 50 fps without any AI spawned), with the last updates i am now unable to enter any multiplayer server. I have search for solutions everywhere and nothing. The game is more like a bug that you have to deal with if you want to have fun, a bug that was present in the other Armas but not as bad. Don't buy this game unless its really really cheap, the DEVS don't care about the game, as a long long long time fan of the series, this is certanly the last Arma or product i will buy from this company.
game-hours: 72.5
review: It's like Arma 2 but with less content, poorly optimised and cash grab DLC (Loadmasters anyone?). Was hoping it would get better but it's still worse than Arma 2 in almost every way except graphics, I think I'll stick to operating in Chernarus and Takistan instead of a Greek Island that has anti-framerate technology.
game-hours: 18.2
review: why simulate a semi future era? then thats not simulation... i think the best arma will be arma 2 optimized,even with smaller island. i want that, but not these robot combat..no..
game-hours: 71.7
review: Game is pretty cool and detailed ... but its aparently going down the pay for any extra content road Im a cheapskate ... paying for extra model just make me sick .... if they would come out with actual add-on Ie wait a year or two finish singling out every issue with your engine then come out with a dlc adding a bit of everythng + some mission i m on thats fine by me i'd buy But here the game does not feel finished to me maybe they need to come out with more DLC's .... Just my opinion
game-hours: 117.6
review: This game is far too clunky to even be considered a full game in fact this should be in alpha. The controls are ok but the arma engine just makes it feel unnatural like everything is not smooth at all. the spotting system in this game is totall  by the way. you and your friend could be hiding in deep weeds but if an enemy gets within 50mt from you then you appear on their map, ripe for them to then kill you completing invalidating close up stealth. The game also has hit detection problems, i had the iron sights pointed directly at an enemy a bour 75 mt away and i could see the dust of the bullets hitting behind the enemy. overall i wouldn't get this game for full price, possibly 75% off if you want to play with friends because playing with friends does make the game a little better.
game-hours: 52.3
review: i killed a man with a gun 10/10 for originality
game-hours: 24.5
review: the morning after i had downloaded this game i procede to relive my life experences. id like to start off my life with telling everyone i had failed english every year till 8th grade, it ing sucked. so i was living my life and i decided to live my life like a man on xbox live likes to live to live my life to life long standards of living to exceding life goals set by people who are alive. once apon a time i was  by a asian girl. so next time we meet on the avengers i decided to play arma 3. as i was held pinned down in a building i thought of my military training from my time in the military. so i proceded to out military the man in the military and proceded to win the war and saved america. did i mention was was  when i was 14? 10/10 would bang.
game-hours: 1089.4
review: Most entertaining shooter I've ever played
game-hours: 9.2
review: 60 fps on singleplayer, 10 fps on multiplayer. 10/10 i ing love it
game-hours: 15.0
review: It took them far too long to polish this turd for me to recomend anything BIS is involved with. Yeah the game is ok now that they have finally added the features that should have been there from day dot, but I bought a physical copy of the DELUXE EDITION from EB and as such i expected a FINISHED GAME, not the Alpha/Beta i was confronted with. It should never have been on shelves 6 months ago let alone when i bought it back in 2013. And you would think DELUXE EDITION implies that at least *some* of the DLC would be included. Nope. Not so"DELUXE" then is it? Imagine buying a new car, and on your way out of the dealership the shady salesman casualy states 'Oh just so you know even though you have a dashboard, none of the dials or switches work. But as soon as we get some in we can install them for a nominal fee'. Seems a bit rude dosen't it? paying for something and realizing it dosen't even come close to expectations. And the excuse "why not just use mods" is just a sad way of admiting the game isn't finished and/or it isn't any good on its own. And even though i may pick it back up and try again i really don't see myself spending anywhere near the time i had intended to as the experience has left a VERY bitter taste in my mouth.
game-hours: 0.5
review: I personally think that this is a love or hate kind of a game, and I hate it, more specifically how it controls. Yeah it looks great but if I cant enjoy the way the character behaves I wont enjoy the game. Its just too clumsy in my opinion. If you dont like arma 2 then you wont like this one.
game-hours: 156.8
review: This game could be so much better if they fixed the ai. Was the same in arma 2 and unfortunately nothing has changed. Stealth is dead enemies will spot you in the dark 200 meters away or from a moving helicopter while your underwater. It is so inconsistant and really kills the immersion when concealment is moot. Instead of enemies getting smarter on higher difficulties they just get aim bots. Got to the point where even sticking my head out of cover for a split second meant death from a distant machinegun headshot. Thats not more challenging its just cheap. Best thing about this game is the editor.
game-hours: 514.5
review: YOU'D THINK THIS GAME WOULD BE AMAZING. BUT IT IS. BUY IT AND GIVE IT ALL YOUR MONEY NOW YOU ING LOSERS. WHAT ARE YOU DOING WITH YOUR LIVES YOU ING  UPS 10/10 IT'S ALRIGHT.
game-hours: 138.3
review: Was playing battle royale and as the plane crashed into a city everyone screamed allahu akbar and other racist terrorist . ing amazing
game-hours: 0.5
review: Really boring game with bad graphics
game-hours: 183.0
review: Addictive shooter, enjoy playing multi-player with your friends on custom servers and missions. Endless fun.
game-hours: 120.0
review: if you re looking for style, this is the right game for you. Excellent bullet balistic, realistic gameplay and also customer friendly company :)
game-hours: 0.1
review: High price low fps, overall bad game
game-hours: 17.7
review: I'm sorry, I do like this game. It is different from other FPS, with wide open combat and amazing community made missions, tactical multiplayer and interesting vehicles. But if I can crush crisis 3 on ultra @ 1080p, and BF4 on ultra @ 1080p and maintain a solid 60+ FPS what I don't want is to see a game use 25% of my CPU and 45% of my GPU under max load. And since this game is CPU intensive it adds insult to injury. I can barely hold 25+ FPS in big citys on low but somehow I get 60+ on ultra if I'm out in the middle of no where! I swear it renders every texture and unseen geometry... well it does... The game is not optimized at all The game can't utilize hardware at all (Intel better than AMD I must admit) Offering a laggy and unsatisfying experience to people. And I can't imagine what framerates people get on lower spec systems :-/ And bipods aren't a ting. I can see it. I can touch it. But my soldier is mentally handicap, or it is stuck like a stubborn bicycle stand that needs some oil. I will get fanboys arguing with me but to be honest they probably don't care abut graphics... wish I could be like that - I dont want my game to look like it runs on a console tho. My specs: (someone asked) GTX 780 4gb vram - 16 gb 1600mhz quad - AMD fx 9590 (stock clock) so yeah I should be able to run this OS: dual boot - linux + windows 8.1 on an SSD
game-hours: 6.4
review: verry gud
game-hours: 694.5
review: jttefin
game-hours: 286.7
review: Ccest gut
game-hours: 858.9
review: Excellent game, I would highly recommend.
game-hours: 30.1
review: The graphics are awsome, the weapons sound are excellent, and the singleplayer missions are excellent
game-hours: 85.3
review: Great game
game-hours: 64.8
review: Good
game-hours: 10.2
review: well i was driving along in stratis life and a cop texted me gg and i was kicked off and global banned..... im not hacking lol even if my account looks sus because of my vac ban my ing  brother gave me im searous i liked this game it was great then i was banned for no reason gg game. 60 dollars wasted on this .
game-hours: 1026.0
review: ArmA 3 is an improvement in many aspects from ArmA 2. The graphics are more realistic, the movements are more fluid, and I find the vehicles are easier to control. This is a game that you will either absolutely love and play a lot, or you will hate it. The ArmA games aren't easy to learn by yourself. It takes time and patience to become fluent in the controls. You need to approach them with an open mind. Great versatility for mods and modders. The ingame mission editor is fantastic to use and great for trying out all that ArmA 3 has to offer. 10/10 do recommend
game-hours: 607.8
review: Realy good game who ever dosent have this game i recomend it to you , you will have so much fun
game-hours: 1.0
review: game is really fun. its not some game like CoD where you can run and gun. no this game needs tactics and good team communication. the graphics are also amazing 9999/10 - IGN
game-hours: 1216.6
review: Fell in love with it the first time i laid my eyes on it.
game-hours: 49.9
review: <3 Best. Game. EVAAAA.
game-hours: 166.1
review: Extreamly coordinated assaults. Actual military veterans play. Good .
game-hours: 1295.1
review: This game is one of the best Military sandboxes i have ever played. You can fly a jet, drive a tank, and  things up. You can even fight in you underware!!! 10/10
game-hours: 35.5
review: Its so real its almost like am actually playing a video game.
game-hours: 71.9
review: This game is one of the best simulators I have ever played. It contains many improvements to the engine, graphics, and controls since ARMA 2. This game has been made better by the steam workshop to host a ton of downloadable senarios. I would recommend you play this game with friends, or some sort of community. Some negatives of this game, is its performance, I requires a powerful computer to play, even then there is some sort of performace drop. Also there was a lack of single player content, but there is now some being released. Im looking forward to the future of this game as it gains popularity, and plus with all the cool expansions ARMA 2 had, there will probably be new content in the future. One more thing is that there is a huge difficulty spike because its a simulator. This is no call of duty or battle field, and requires alot of time to get used to. If you never had any experience with ARMA games and you are not shure if you should get ARMA 3, buy ARMA 2 + OA, it has been on sale recently for really cheap.
game-hours: 49.5
review: Best Shooter I have ever played, its not like other FPS games, Less arcade style and leans more towards realism but aside from that, the World of ArmA is just simple amazing and beautiful, very well made terrain and cities/towns, you can lose your self just wandering around.
game-hours: 328.6
review: I play ArmA 3 since Alpha, it has changed alot since first builds all in plus. Its currently best game to buy if you think about Tactical FPS game, and also it isnt just that you buy ArmA and its all you get. ArmA 3 like ArmA 2 is a platform that allows modders to create completly different game modes that developers originally designed, also the game has a lot of devs attention. DLC-s like ZEUS make this game even more interesting and avilible even for non scripting gamer society. Only thing i wish to see in future ArmA 3 development is more DLC (no matter if free or not if it bring lots of new stuff) and Directx12 witch will help to improve performance.
game-hours: 3.6
review: The engine looks nice, but based on the older operation flashpoint engine still. Entering houses feels 'iffy' and like walking around on honey - god forbid going prone in one... it's like the house knows judo.
game-hours: 1624.9
review: got one word for y'll "epic"
game-hours: 28.3
review: this game costs too much but it's pretty sweet
game-hours: 71.9
review: This game is one of the best simulators I have ever played. It contains many improvements to the engine, graphics, and controls since ARMA 2. This game has been made better by the steam workshop to host a ton of downloadable senarios. I would recommend you play this game with friends, or some sort of community. Some negatives of this game, is its performance, I requires a powerful computer to play, even then there is some sort of performace drop. Also there was a lack of single player content, but there is now some being released. Im looking forward to the future of this game as it gains popularity, and plus with all the cool expansions ARMA 2 had, there will probably be new content in the future. One more thing is that there is a huge difficulty spike because its a simulator. This is no call of duty or battle field, and requires alot of time to get used to. If you never had any experience with ARMA games and you are not shure if you should get ARMA 3, buy ARMA 2 + OA, it has been on sale recently for really cheap.
game-hours: 49.5
review: Best Shooter I have ever played, its not like other FPS games, Less arcade style and leans more towards realism but aside from that, the World of ArmA is just simple amazing and beautiful, very well made terrain and cities/towns, you can lose your self just wandering around.
game-hours: 265.0
review: Bad optimisation in the engine leads to FPS lag, meaning you need a pretty insane rig to run it, even tho you shouldnt have to. Has A LOT LESS content than previous Arma versions (Not counting community ofc). I enjoy the game, but the FPS issues (which cant be fixed because they have to re-design the engine) and the lack of conent makes it stale quite quickly. Edit: Due to some incredible community members, some missions are now actually playable. Wasteland by Sa-matra is very stable, as are some Altis life servers. System: i5 2500k @ 4,2ghz 16Gb RAM @ 1600Mhz GTX 660Ti OC'd With this, I get around 20-60FPS wether It's on low or ultra, it still runs the same.
game-hours: 37.9
review: Bought the game excited to play it. Didnt start up. tried different ways to start up, then without steam, still didnt start up. Looked to get some help, did the -nobenchmark tip. The game started. Played a couple hours, Got off went to bed. Got up, tried to run the game, doesnt start up again. Even with the -nobenchmark, and different combonations of starting the game.
game-hours: 0.5
review: If you expect to run this game at good framerates on nvidia cards, it is more than likely you will be tweaking the settings to almost nothing before getting at least 30FPS in campaign matches!
game-hours: 26.5
review: You shouldn't charge like $60 for 1 game but when i played the free weekend I thought it was pretty good but still i think $60 is just too much. Even for a new game. Its not just Arma.
game-hours: 15.5
review: I really want to like this game, but I cant. The games mechanics, graphics and the characters competency with his rifle is too far below the average shooter for me to enjoy. I find myself yelling at the game to just hold the gun still enough to shoot and find out where my impacts are. The character can not hold his rifle still, to save his life. Ive seen 90 pound women hold them better than the player's character. He feels totally unsupported, like he is floating in the air, even when laying on the ground. I'm fighting the character's complete lack of ability to hold the rifle still constantly. Any reasonably competent shooter can easily track a target from a prone position without needing to fight the rifle's weight to stay focused. The player never feels grounded. Zeroing feature is kinda cool if it made a difference. Ive shot a lot of rifles, and none of them behave like they should in this game. The game says that when shooting close, I should aim lower to compensate. The reverse is true in real life because of height of the sights over the bore of the barrel. If you imagine and draw out an arc, and you sight your rifle to the highest point on the arc, all other ranges besides the one you are calibrated at should be BELOW the highest point. This is of course excluding the fact that bullets don't travel in perfectly shaped arcs. A round could travel very straight and flat then gravity wins out and will drag the round to the ground very quickly before 200 yards, as is the case with the AK47. A rifle like the M16 will shoot a very flat arc to 300 yards and can even stay predictably flat enough to make accurate shots out to 600 yards without a problem. All of this feels like the game completely ignores or has wrong, so using a weapon system that uses a round I know well makes it difficult and frustrating when the rifle wont do what Im asking it to do. For a simulator that is bad, very bad. The game markets itself as a combat simulator, but I find myself fighting the controls so that much the whole "keep it simple stupid" philosophy of combat training sorta gets lost in having to press 3 buttons at once to make an accurate shot. Let alone assembling a drone and using it with any sort of practical use. I understand they want certain aspects of the game so a player feels like he actually has to do HIS job in whatever unit he is in, because everyone has their own roles to play in the war. However that isn't how the game plays. It would be one thing if the missions were objective based and if you are a drone pilot, your objectives in the campign would be different than say the medic, or support gunner. However your role changes from mission to mission, and sometimes even on the fly. This causes you to pause the game and read the field manual, so you don't crash the helicopter and get yourself killed, while in flight. Or sitting there like an idiot trying to figure out how to put a drone together so you can use it to spot a mortar team on the hillside. That complexity would be fine except if I only get a chance to play this game once a month or so, the the particulars of addressing the problem requires me to look them up again. So when I forget how to "switch to secondary sights on a rifle." It isnt a matter of pressing a button, but looking up which buttons to press in sequence. Hell I could have done that in real life with a simple twitch of the wrist, or adjusting my cheek weld. The game would play out smoother if you were to pick a class of soldier to play at the start of the campaign, and played missions with those roles, so you aren't finding yourself learning how to drive a tank when in the last mission you were on foot doing ground recon calling in air strikes. I get it, one hero wins the war on his own, but once again if you market it as a military simulator, I shoudlnt have to memorize and be profiecent at the entire game just to play the game, and do a complicted task maybe once or twice in the campagn. Pilots can play as pilots, officers can play as officers, and scouts can play as scouts. It also adds replay value playing the same missions from a different perspective, and learning a new job in the game. This game makes my eyes hurt. Im not sure what it is about it, but something about the lighting effects tends to cause me to have to stop and close my eyes for a few moments ever couple of minutes or so. The background blur is so bad I can't scan horizons and look for subtle out of place details of a sniper in the brush. Or look down a street without letting the game's blurry lighting effects to catch up with what Im trying to do, which is hunt the enemy. I thought maybe it was my graphics settings at first. No, its just how the engine is made. I'm not a fan of battlefield 4, but at least the game is clear, and I can predict ranges and bullet drop. Its no wonder Im squinting all the time, holding the gun up is often like looking down the reverse side of a telescope. Everything seems shrunk and distant, then "zooming" down your sights looks how it should have to start with. (especially bad with pistols.) All in all, I feel myself in the mood to play the game, only to find myself yelling at the screen for my guy shooting 15 rounds at a soldier standing upright and facing me presenting a perfect silhouette, and not hitting a damn thing because my rifle is floating in the air. If I survive that encounter I find myself looking up which actions to even look up in the field manual just to turn on FLIR in an APC, because I am now apparently a tank driver at night. Then I explode because the AI has to do none of this. So I go back and play something more satisfying like Xcom, or mechwarrior.
game-hours: 414.6
review: REVIEW FOR 'WIN' CAMPAIGN EPISODE This Campaign Episode was unfortunatly shorter than the rest, I finished it in 3 Hours and 24 Minutes. While throughout the short time you are presented with Interesting Scenarios and Action Sequences, These are overshadowed by Short Length and a Lackluster Ending. I guess we're waiting for ArmA 4 to continue this story. + Action Packed and Well Acted and Scripted + Update has Improved and Added Features - Unacceptably short length - Lackluster Ending
game-hours: 961.7
review: If your looking for a Good Mil Sim game then I suggest sticking with Arma2..Arma3 has seemed to have turned into a Role Playing game much like world of warcraft...mil sim servers are few and far between altis life dayz and the other role play aspects of arma3 have destroyed what the Arma series was meant to be..but I suppose BI needs to appeal to the masses. Its a well executed game..needs some tweaking but I am sure BI will update just as they did in Arma 2..just dont expect too much in the way of mil sim for what your going to pay for arma 3. Would I recommend this game? Depends..for someone who likes to role play like dayz and life games sure..but for anyone expecting what Arma 2 was..dont bother.
game-hours: 14.7
review: Do not purchase. Overpriced, lacking content. Game wasn't fully finished after the beta ended. Avoid and stick to ARMA II
game-hours: 71.3
review: quite meh to be brutally honest
game-hours: 57.8
review: Rubbish game With great good graphics and an exciable ending to the story where meaty m8 blaze tryes to take over europe to save his family and enilate all minoritys. all in all i rate this 8/8 m8
game-hours: 0.2
review: So epic I want it so bad
game-hours: 88.7
review: this is the ing iest game i have ever played if you are thinking about getting it dont because otherwise you are an fajit so you can suck my an  bruh and its not freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee betch
game-hours: 539.2
review: ,          ,     Steam           .     600
game-hours: 44.5
review: Dont buy this trash game, Looks good on streams looks and sounds fun as F! but the game is trash! FPS chop all servers in games with 1-24 players i got like 100fps + all max settings games with 70-100 people i got like 20-40 fps chopping also the game lags alot the mic chat is GODAWFUL annoying! people in global chat with there mics lagging bad due to severs. The game is worth 10-20$ tops until they fix the problem they never fixed in arma 2 or never will fix cuz they suck at scam money from people. Worst game of the year No joke
game-hours: 1.0
review: game is really fun. its not some game like CoD where you can run and gun. no this game needs tactics and good team communication. the graphics are also amazing 9999/10 - IGN
game-hours: 136.1
review: mod breaking point dont miss it
game-hours: 95.9
review: Definietly not worth the money. Dissapointment of the year 2013, offers nothing significantly new nor is it even that good of a game overall. I regret getting this game, while ArmA 2 is probably one of my best purchases ever.
game-hours: 31.5
review: Bad game. Horrible game engine. System requirements for what? Nope company. Few models. Multiplayer always glitches. Waste of money.
game-hours: 291.7
review: Pros: Better Graphics Better Controls Better Sound Cons: Same laggy multiplayer as Arma 2 Same terrible interaction system Still using outdated Arma 2 mod tools (All mods are just ports) Most vehicles and weapons are the same between factions, just different textures Still uses 2004 Netcode Its trying to be more casual As of right now, I do not feel as if this game is worth the $60, it still plays like it's in Alpha. Unless they release proper mod tools, I would not buy until it drops atleast 50% in price.
game-hours: 22.5
review: Still runs like a big pile of poopydoodoo. Single player campaign is not finished. Feels like a beta but it is the "official release".
game-hours: 8.1
review: This game was released in September 2013 without a single player campaign. Part 1 of 3 DLC s to add it was released in October. Its now Christmas and and whilst there has been other updates for multiplayer, the final 2 DLCs that add the missing single player campaign are no where in sight.... It will probably be years before we see them and the fan boys will consider that good service.... Personally I do not.... My advice... save your money for something else.
game-hours: 109.4
review: good game, entertaining for hours :D Still requires a lot of bug fixed though.
game-hours: 31.4
review: Very confusing controls makes it difficult to play. Definitely not worth 35.99 -_-
game-hours: 1271.6
review: .
game-hours: 96.1
review: 69/10
game-hours: 102.7
review: Arma 3 has stopped working 420/10 would buy Karts
game-hours: 117.7
review: I tricked a 12 year old cop and stole his cop car. 11/10
game-hours: 432.2
review: This is a combat SIMULATION... NOT a FPS. With that in mind: This game focuses on war/combat as a complete package. As opposed to something like Battlefront (a classis FPS where you are shooting/fighting constantly), here you may never even fire a shot on a given mission. I personally fire very rarely. You will spend time in transit to/from multiple objectives. Sometimes this will be in a helicopter, sometimes a truck, sometimes on foot. While there you may spend literally hours stalking/sneaking to avoid detection by groups of enemies that can kill you with a single shot. Yup. Just one. You can also drive a simply jaw-droppingly wide range of vehicles and equipment. You can pilot/ride in everything from fighter jets to tanks to cars top speed boats to even a mini submarine. The game is also extremely extensible, meaning that it is very easy to mod in almost any way you can imagine. While installing some larger mods may take some basic computer knowledge (find a folder, put a certain file in that folder, then specially edit another file, that sort of thing), many addons are as simple as visiting the Steam Workshop *in-game* and subscribing to new content. Everything else is automatic from there. Who will like it: People who like depth and details. You like to plan every aspect of your approach to get the best possible advantage. You like working together with other players (many missions are co-op against a deadly AI). Who should pass this up: People who like constant, violent action. While there are definitely times when you seem to be constantly embattled, this doesn't happen very often.
game-hours: 185.8
review: The game is amazing, it brings out all of our good aspects. Teamwork, Co-ordination, Patience and gives us hours of entertainment. You can play a custom mission by yourself or with your friends, you can even play with people from across the world and make new friends. I would highly recommend buying this game if you haven't already got it.
game-hours: 44.8
review: I TYME PURCHASE!
game-hours: 283.1
review: GRAPHICS AND GAMEPLAY ARE MWA
game-hours: 158.2
review: awesome
game-hours: 22.5
review: I laughed, I cried, I shot people in the face....
game-hours: 353.2
review: joo
game-hours: 607.8
review: Realy good game who ever dosent have this game i recomend it to you , you will have so much fun
game-hours: 184.7
review: gg
game-hours: 760.8
review: Most realistic shooter I have ever played...and thats a lot.
game-hours: 59.4
review: If you like buggy  that doesn't work, this is the game for you. Thank you Bohemia, for another glorious crapfest.
game-hours: 31.9
review: This is as real as it gets for war games. If your looking for a good realistic game this is for you 10/10.
game-hours: 33.3
review: I do really recomend the game but the game is meant to be $50. I was looking at the arma website and converted it to usd and it said it was around $50. So would I say its a ripoff... No but I do think that steam should lower the amount. This game is worth it but steam just needs to look at that because I was playing the free weekend and it should have been like $25 dollars. I at that time had $20 so maybe we should ask steam to make a free full edition weekend where you could download it and keep it after the weekend finished...
game-hours: 989.6
review: ArmA 3 is a good successor to ArmA2 with some great improvements to the engine, visuals, vehicles etc. Mainly I have played the Wasteland, King of the Hill and Epoch (Alpha) mods. King of the Hill being the most rewarding and enjoyable over all. I have only just dipped my toes into the campaign, however I will be doing more of it I think. With all the improvements to ArmA, you'll still get those good ole ArmA moments like clipping through walls/floors, and your vehicle exploding on contact with a weed or bush.
game-hours: 370.4
review: You don't buy crack for sometime in the future just like you dont buy Arma if you plan on going to work the next day...
game-hours: 31.8
review: Awesome game. (As long as you have an extremely powerful CPU.)
game-hours: 259.6
review: my mic does not work in arma 3. i have tried everything out of everything with no results at all, plz help. my mic works in skype, voice recs, and other games like Gmod. but it dosent work in Arma 3. there is nothing wrong with my mic. there is only something wrong with Arma 3 that dosent transmit my voice at all. plz add me on steam and help me im very desperete. and frustrated. and by the way sry for my bad English
game-hours: 857.7
review: Very nice game i played arma 2 and arma 2 operation arrowhead and they have step it up really nicely the multiplayer server engines could be a bit better but apart from that it's a masterpiece of Fps games.
game-hours: 388.2
review: best game to ever be created especially if you have the kart dlc :D 9.333333333333/10 half life 3 confirmed?
game-hours: 5.2
review: EPIC.
game-hours: 189.9
review: good !
game-hours: 3.7
review: Its pretty good game.
game-hours: 95.5
review: Amazing army simulator that's more than just "DayZ." Buy this game if you want a more realistic experience than "Call of Duty" or "Battlefield."
game-hours: 128.5
review: u shuut guns and fly helicopters wich is fun bt hard i giv this gaim 10/10
game-hours: 24.4
review: ing Great
game-hours: 28.2
review: If you like open word shooters this game is EPIC! best to get with friends
game-hours: 47.5
review: Great game for realism, even more so if you have patience and friends to play with
game-hours: 576.3
review: Arma 3: is a good game but has it's bugs but over all and rilly good game
game-hours: 7.9
review: this compact model sedan has great interior crocodile aligator leather seats and nice city mpg. Beats the subway by a long shot 2/10
game-hours: 494.1
review: no me gusta porque es muy LAGGY
game-hours: 1.9
review: I thought I would love this game, but after dealing with sloppy menu systems, unoptimized game settings, and ridiculously varying quality in gameplay, I just wish I never spent the money on this. All the online gameplay shown is under incredibly set terms that you'll almost never see without dedicating a ton of time to a community with a teamspeak.
game-hours: 0.7
review: i thought sunday was a weekend day.
game-hours: 114.3
review: A great game, fun to play with friends. Honestly, I feel a bit ripped off by the lack of content provided by the developers, and the gameplay seems aimed at entertaining the Call of Duty/Battlefield FPS crowd. They continue to update it with new content, but it just doesn't hold my interest very long. Not to mention the many unrealistic features they added in to make it combat seem more "fluid and fast" If you are overflowing with $$$, and you feel like buying it, go ahead. I would not recommend buying it just yet.
game-hours: 3.0
review: Awesome graphics and plot but game's playability is very low. Controls are very hard to use. You can not change them in the way you choose. It is the worst game I ever played for 4-5 years. Really annoying just because of controls. There are universal keys like 'T' for chat or 'Y' for team chat, they are totally different. And another problem is that Bohemia uses the same strategy for their other products like DayZ. Another not recommended game for me.
game-hours: 3.0
review: is this game fail or what?
game-hours: 7.8
review: This game is probably the least fun game I've played in a long time. It tries to sell itself as a military sim, but it's as much a military sim as minecraft. Wandering an empty island for hours until you get shot by some guy six miles away is not fun. Also, 60 dollar price tag? Games like Red Orchestra 2 are so much better than this and are much cheaper. You're money is better spent elsewhere.
game-hours: 232.4
review: This game is Arma 2 only with enhanced graphics on the same buggy ing engine that hasnt been optimized for Graphics cards.In Campaign mode is the place where your fps will always be its highest. Once you join Multiplayer the FPS will drop fast than a 1990's cellphone call in a tunnel. To truely enjoy the game you have to purchase a monster eight core cpu which can go for around $800 or even $1,000 And I'll be damned if i'm gunna spend that money on a cpu to play a $60 game thats really only worth $20. If you decide to ignore this, or any of the other negative reviews or buy into the lies of the  stains you call a positive review. Then I hope you enjoyed playing arma 1 cus thats what its going to look like if you want any decent performance. The game relies heavily on CPU's which will leave you at times skipping at times that leaves you feeling like your on a laptop with an integrated nvidia 9000GT I have two ATI Radeon HD5770's I was playing with one alone I get 12 FPS after switching to Crossfire the game gets maybe an increase of 1-2 fps. Metro 2034 Last light gets more performance on one 5770. Save your money and go buy something else its not worth the cash. Why you should spend your cash elsewhere. Same buggy CPU heavy engine as in ARMA 2 . Also somewhere you may see something about realistic bullet penetration and that sort of thing. I have shot on occasion several soldiers who have needed more than 9 shots before going down at ranges near of excess of 500 + feet or meters . And you know you hit them can they twitch their bodies at 90 degree angles. The game goes by meters, a meter is 3 feet more than a yard so do that math. So it doesnt have realistic bullet penetration. Again a lousy game Same graphics only with more bloom and water reflections. You can now swim underwater and have a 2 man submarine that is unarmed except for a laser pointer. Still experiences the same crashes and glitches as Arma 2 (ITS THE SAME ING GAME) Too many mods and generic mod servers Like Wasteland, basically Dazy without zombies still terrible.
game-hours: 0.9
review: This game is nice, I like vac, I like vac bans. I  yo sister in bed, she number 1 prostitue in kazakhstan!
game-hours: 147.2
review: Briliance...
game-hours: 379.0
review: KEWL
game-hours: 75.6
review: I really like this game it is so fun the editor mode is really fun to play around with making your own scenerios or just having a massive war for the hell of it so to the creators I say Arigato!
game-hours: 133.8
review: One of the best value games on Steam, both in terms of its sheer scope and and its unvarying ability to meet its lofty goals. Truly a modern game.
game-hours: 213.2
review: <O>_<O> get it or ill eat your puppy....
game-hours: 330.0
review: best first person shooter!!!!
game-hours: 400.9
review: Abit buggy, but extremly fun! Join the funest Atlis Life Server: 1) Go to the Multiplayer server search 2)Remote 3) Type in 74.122.192.171 and port 2302
game-hours: 57.3
review: 10/10 car relli hard to drive so 2/3
game-hours: 182.2
review: Best consumer grade military simulation money can buy.
game-hours: 112.5
review: this game is the best if you get it you will love so much
game-hours: 286.8
review: I wanted to love arma 3. so very much. Its the military game i had been thinking about in my head for years upon years. open world. freedom. huge battles, huge armies tearing each other to bits as you either control a tank, chopper oir take part in an infantry skirmish. However thats exatcly what arma 3 fails to deliver! The shooting mechanics are fine, as the ballistics. The sound it complete trash, the guns sounds absolutly awfull. It will certainly be worth your time downloading the sound mod for these, made by some guy in his bedroom it completly trounces the vannilla sounds of arma 3 in every respect. Adding a much needed realism in that department (Bohemia please hire this guy) But back to the crux of what is wrong with arma 3. I realise this game is in beta still, and the main game campaign is unfinished. WHERE IS THE WAR!? every mission in arma 3 be it a user created scenario or the main campaign. Each mission is just a skirmish, a tiny bunch of AI controlled bots versus you and your squad. It lacks impact. it lacks excitment. At no point playing arma 3 was i immersed in what appeared to be a realistic military conflict. Now, this is 2014...planetside 2 an online multilayer game manages to have 2000 players on one map in an incredible seesaw conflict for control of the map...ITS A FREE TO PLAY GAME...why does arma 3 not manage this even in an AI controlled sp warzone? let alone a multiplayer arena. Is it engine limitations? WHY DOES ARMA 3 NOT HAVE A WARZONE MODE alongside its campaign and multiplayer. All i want to be is plonked down in a huge island wide conflict. able to choose one of many mission objectives and actually feel involved it something organic and dynamic! There are a few user created missions that attempt to create this but they fall short, something about this game makes it unable to run a huge conflict without causing serious serious clientside lag. Now ill mention the multiplayer...what a joke...its so laggy as to be unplayable. I dont know why either. There is something seriously wrong either with the servers, or there is something wrong with the way stuff is optimised and implemented in this game. Please note arma 3 has been released for a very long time now, ok yes its not full release. BUT MY GOD PLEASE FIX THE MULTIPLAYER BOHEMIA it makes your company look rediculous. dayz SA is in alpha and it manages to run 1000% better multiplayer arenas. Now my last qualm is the price. 60 dollars for something that has an unplayble mulitplayer and an unfinished single player????? HOLY @$%! My advice is very sadly. do not buy this game until full release :( and even then make sure it works properly or you may be wasting your money
game-hours: 281.2
review: Did two drug runs. Bought a gun, took two people hostage. Made them phone the police. Killed two police officers. I was then tazed and arrested, then put in jail. Someguy flew in with a helicopet and broke me out. 11/10.
game-hours: 1878.2
review: Battlefield finally has moar realistic ttk and weapons and gear, oh wait its arma without movement like having a stick in the .
game-hours: 353.2
review: Being a war simulation game (in comparison, Battlefield is an arcade game), the community is very mature and respectful. Besides, if you are a programmer, you can do A LOT with this game.
game-hours: 179.3
review: If you get bored of all those CoD/BF clones out there, try something "new" and more real. In Arma 3 one bullet can be your end, at "full health". How it should be. It has far better emersion than any CoD, BF or CS game ever had.
game-hours: 102.2
review: Great Game!!! a more Adult Battlefield 4. Good Graphics and the Best Modz Ever!
game-hours: 206.7
review: Arma 3 ... Where do you start all the kinks of arma 2 have been cleared, the engine runs smooth... the animations even smoother and the optimisation is always on the Up and Up. throught out Arma's history it has been clearly building up to this. the Arma game to end all Arma games. IF you are considering Buying remember... this isnt a fast action shoot em'up (But sometimes it can be) this is tactical and stealthy. Also if you buy this game and need someone to play it with you ... Hit me and the 45th up :D
game-hours: 232.5
review: Dont play single player, play multiplayer.
game-hours: 615.2
review: A good follow up to Arma 2. With updated graphics and smoother movements, certainly one of my favourite milltary shooterrs out there. However, I am missing the familiarity of guns that Arma 2 had with it's massive assortments of weapons and vehicles. Would definitely like to see more added on to the game on that respect. AI are more intelligent. Maybe too intelligent. However, with great game types like wasteland and an integrated steam workshop, it certainly delivers. Mods may also add on to the game the same way dayz and ACE did for ARMA 2.
game-hours: 43.9
review: Call of Duty's more educated and respectable older cousin. An FPS for the thinking man who appreciates the real life brutal realities of combat. This game doesn't grab your hand and guide you to its breast, this game makes you work for your entertainment. Treat this game right, take the time to understand its nuances, and never underestimate it's bite, and you'll have a much more rewarding experience than you can achieve with most FPS games. When a mission is carried out via your own strategic wit and whim, and hours are spent infiltrating and avoiding enemy patrols so that you can make it to that perfect firing position for your sniper, it really makes that one shot a lot more heart pounding than any round fired in any other military shooter. If you have ADHD, watch wrestling, appeared on Jerry Springer, think Call of Duty is a good game, and/or are the offspring of two genetically similar parents, you will NOT enjoy this game.
game-hours: 1287.5
review: Hardcore military simulator plenty of mods maps and content.
game-hours: 28.8
review: I NEED A BETTER COMPUTER BUY THIS GAME NOW
game-hours: 271.2
review: at first i was like pew pew pew pew but now i'm like ... waiting... pew.
game-hours: 127.0
review: ing Great. OMG xD
game-hours: 253.6
review: I Love this game good Job who made it
game-hours: 81.2
review: The vast amount of game modes will keep me entertained for hundreds of hours and I've only played two of them! Altis Life is fun and wasteland mode is some of the most intense FPS action I've ever played.
game-hours: 19.9
review: I would not say this game is worth buying at full price, but I can tell you that it's really fun nonetheless. There are a lot of bugs and it feels more like a retextured and updated Arma 2 but there are plenty of fun scenarios and multiplayer is very good. The game requires a really beefy computer to not run on  graphics so if you have a crappy computer and you don't want to see  graphics, then don't get this game. However, if you're up for an intense milsim, then get this game. Rate: 8/10
game-hours: 479.4
review: This is by far my favorite sandbox game. The base game itself is very good and the multiplayer is a ton of fun (though servers do need to be restarted like every 4 hours of the multiplayer lag gets out of hand). I would not reccomend this game if you have a lower end to mid end machine as this games graphics will destroy your machine. Buy this game.
game-hours: 43.5
review: Much fun, very wow
game-hours: 173.0
review: Its an amazing game.
game-hours: 44.3
review: Very good game!!
game-hours: 262.4
review: Pretty Awesome
game-hours: 383.8
review: Very fun and addictive game, pretty low FPS and the desync issues are pretty drastic, but you start to get used to it and forgive the problems in the engine. I guarantee you will lose your sense of time once you get into it. 8/10
game-hours: 10.5
review: you dont need it anymore there's a standalone for dayz
game-hours: 1222.3
review: Amazing. BIS have outdone themselves this time!
game-hours: 238.6
review: If like simulation military ganes this one is for you you can fly a jet thru a wall and not die you can also get shot by a rocket dierectly in the chest and not die BEST SIM GAME EVER
game-hours: 13.5
review: If by chance you are fortunate to be right-handed, use default controls at all times, don't mind that even this comes with several impairing elements, don't mind tons of glitches and unstable content, don't mind wading through to find actual significant content yourself or want to put in dozens of hours of effort to make content in a steep and vague learning curve...then this game is the best a military simulation can do for now.
game-hours: 362.7
review: Ok first off HOLY CRAP this game is sweet. If you cant pay the normal 60 bucks wait till it goes for les( I got mine for 30 i think) I would call it a military simulation with a shooter twist. A great game thats lots of fun. You can be seriouse and treat it like its real life or just  around like i do most of the time and blow stuff up. If you liked Dayz in arma 2 there is breaking point wich i play and that is pretty good but can get a little frustrating. But over all 10/10 would buy again. Seriously if your PC can handle it get it.
game-hours: 2.1
review: i wants it, but too much moneez
game-hours: 764.5
review: I highly recommend this game. very realistic, very hard. what i like most about this game is the combat is not over in 5 seconds like most action game eg call of duty. Also with all the wide range of guns and very unique future vehicle makes this game incredibly fun.
game-hours: 29.7
review: buy it for wasteland mod, never regret
game-hours: 492.2
review: Yes Arma 3 is amazing, its not only fun but its HUGE.
game-hours: 4.4
review: It's tough to review this game because Steam doesn't have a so-so category. The game is gorgeous even though it chugs on my rig that works great for any other game. So here's an easy way to review the game: Gameplay - 6/10 - The singleplayer elements... I don't play MP on this yet are really hit and miss. The weapon accuracy albeit accurate still leads to the AI being incredibly cheap. You can hide under bushes and the AI will shoot you from 2 miles away and you will definitely die, you shoot at them 20 times and you will maybe hit them once, but they seem like terminator robots that never go down. This can be incredibly frustrating because you'll get sent back 20 minutes to a way earlier part of the mission to do the next thing that I have a grip about. This game could definitely be called FOREST RUNNING SIMULATOR 2014. You will spend hours running in the forest and really doing nothing at these point to traverse to another part of the island, which is not too amusing when you do this and get hit once and then have to do it all over again. Lastly from the negatives is the control and interface, it's fun to learn and difficult to master is one thing, but this game has it's own language practically when it comes to the bizarre control set. Lots of bugs, but what game doesn't have a ton of bugs... especially games that come out of Eastern Europe. (Note: Not trying to be offensive, it's just that a large list of games from that region started with bugs galore except The Witcher) On the good side of gameplay is the fact that the extensibility of the game is HUGE! So many options, so many details and subsystems that it's honestly cool to see new options you have seen once after playing for a few days and spotting something new each time. The realism factor could either be a great selling point or loss to you. Warning if you are expecting Call of Duty, Battlefield, or even Operation Flashpoint... then you will more than likely dislike this game from a gameplay perspective. Graphics: 6/10 - The game is gorgeous in every single way. Navigating the underwater areas and the night settings are especially a sight to see. The only reason that the graphics score is lower than perfect is the fact that the animations are really hit or miss. This is also particularly clear when it comes to watching people talk during the gameplay. It's something that takes you out of the realism of the game. Sound: 4/10 - The voices and gun noises are pretty awful. They're definitely workable from a gameplay aspect, but sometimes you'll just hear something like one of the truck horns and think, did they record a boat horn mixed with a clown car? -------------- All in all if you added up the score of the game from this little review it would make the game overall be pretty crappy, but that's the beauty of the game so far. It's a work in progress being made by a team that really cares. Each time I play the game you'll see a note from the dev saying that they polished x,y,z or the community addressed the issue. Who knows in a few months most of my gripes may be solved by the devs, but regardless of all of that i'd recommend this game to any hardcore PC gamer.
game-hours: 2.0
review: Best war simulator ever!! Highly recomended !!
game-hours: 712.0
review: Its a pretty good game, If you can get past its many bugs and dsync issues
game-hours: 178.0
review: I have played the predecessors for a long, long time and always thought of them (although crooked) the games to end all games for me. Then ARMA 3 came along, and now I know that ARMA 2 and especially ARMA were good games, but far from being the nearly perfect games I made them out to be. Im not on about realism, because it is a game after all. No game can ever come close to the real thing, and it would be a horrible game if it would. Think of realism as things like "take a bullet to the head in game and never be able to play ever again". What I AM on about is the level of immersion. That ARMA 3 can put you under real stress, can make you involuntarily shout out "INCOMING!" or make you race for virtual cover, make you flinch and instill fear for your virtual life. This time around, the experience is hindered by far fewer bugs and glitches than in any ARMA game ever. The inventory system has been reworked, vehicle and aircraft physics have been improved, the engine has been rebuilt from scratch. All while retaining a "feel" very much like ARMA 2. In essence, this game is the best ARMA ever released - improved on all fronts, no features lost in translation. On top of the technical aspect, even though this game hasnt been live for a long time now, it has already been modded, customised and improved by the vast, loyal and savvy community, to a degree that ARMA 2 saw about 2-3 years after its release - and there is far, far more to come. Can I recommend this game? Yes. Is it a game for everybody? No. But it is a game *everybody* should try. This has been the only game I have bought for full price (44.99 ) in years, and I dont regret a single cent spent. What are you still waiting for? get ARMA 3. It will be different from anything youve ever played. Except ARMA 2.
game-hours: 230.3
review: Fun game. pew pew
game-hours: 340.1
review: Great game for any military entusiast.
game-hours: 223.8
review: Great game, one of the best all around modern day, military sim.
game-hours: 111.4
review: Too advanced, and teamates will ditch you constantly. Also many framerate issues.
game-hours: 214.0
review: I absolutely love Arma 3 and would in every way recommend it to anyone with even a passing interest. There are somewhat valid criticisms of it which I will get out of the way right away, before getting into why the pros by far outweigh the cons. 1. Lack of Content - One of the more popular criticisms of this game is the lack of official content in the current build, especially compared to the amount of content in Arma 2. The two main factions currently (at the time of writing this review) have no fixed wing aircraft, armoured vehicles of different factions have the same turrets and weapons merely reskinned (artillery, anti-air and remote controlled turrets on smaller vehicles) and UAVs/UGVs are identical for all factions except for different camo patterns. 2. Performance - Another often heard criticism of Arma 3 is that it performs very poorly on some machines that it often should perform well on. Like machines with top-end graphics cards and powerful CPUs. Addressing these points one by one, I will say that while there is content missing that even I would have expected the game to have at release, it isn't a whole lot. Arma 2 did not have all the content it does today at it's release either, and much of it is inflated by there being separate entries for guns with different attachment combinations, so that the same gun with four different sight attachments would show up in a list as four different guns. As for the performance issues, the game runs perfectly fine on my middle-of-the-road gaming rig and runs at playable rates on the old low to mid-end machine of my best friend. The performance of the game on some people's high-end machines is in no way a sure indicator of bad optimization, especially when the same game runs great on other machines with the same hardware. Now getting to the real meat of the review. The visuals of this game are amazing, especially if you have the power to crank up the graphics settings. The lighting is great and makes the game look heavenly, especially at night. The texture quality is top notch, especially for foliage and I fully believe anyone interested in first person shooters, should experience one where you can freely roam a huge 270 square kilometer beautifully rendered island with a rendering distance of several kilometers. Other cool graphical features are the volumetric fog and clouds as well as rain that is rendered as independent particle effects for each raindrop in stead of a mere filter or overlay. Audio-wise the game could do with some improvements that are guaranteed to happen over time, if not by Bohemia Interactive, then by community modders, however overall the sound design of this game is really quite good as it is. The gameplay is where Arma 3 really shines over it's predecessor, as controls of your soldier have been improved to feel a lot more direct and fluid than in previous games, though the action menu still tends to limits how good the game can feel in certain situations. The inventory system has seen huge improvements from Arma 2 and is much more streamlined, without sacrificing flexibility. Vehicles are now physics simulated objects, which is a huge improvement over Arma 2's incredibly janky vehicle physics. Underwater gameplay is a really nice addition that looks amazing and gives mission makers a lot more freedom and variety to work with, when making missions and giving the players different approaches to completing them. Firing weapons in Arma 3 feel pretty damn good as most rifles have a good deal of kick to them, making them both sound AND feel powerful in stead of feeling like Call of Duty or Battlefield style bullet-hoses. Different weapon calibers penetrating diferent materials differently at different angles and distances gives both the shooters and the people being shot at a lot of things to think about and decide how to react to in every firefight, which is great in a game that is so decidedly slow paced as Arma is, compared to other first person shooters. If you get this game and want to dive straight into some fun Arma 3 gameplay, I suggest playing though the first episode of the single-player campaign first, to get acquainted with the fairly complex controls and spotting/shooting enemies at ranges that other FPS games would never expect you to. Once you feel somewhat at home in the game, I highly recommend looking for a multiplayer server running the Wasteland mission, which is sort of like a 3-way Team Deathmatch gamemode with survival elements, base-building, resource gathering and impromptu mini-missions against AI that all of the three teams are given and can undertake at the same time, each team trying to beat the others for the promised reward, leading to some very interesting clashes. So all in all, I can barely recommend this game enough, but to get some real enjoyment out of it, you'll want to run it on a decent mid to high-end rig.
game-hours: 31.9
review: THE BEST ARMY SIMULATOR IN THE WORLD!
game-hours: 454.5
review: Really good
game-hours: 450.4
review: Improves a lot from the previous games, but lacks certain key improvements to really set it apart from ARMA 2, like a redesigned "AddAction System", and multiplayer performance. Still a great game in its modding infancy. In a few months there will be some great addons.
game-hours: 147.1
review: Probably my current favorite FPS. It's the definition of military sandbox. Be warned however, this isn't an easy game, and you will die, a lot.
game-hours: 33.2
review: Realistic warfare to a whole different scale is Arma's specialty, giving players the unique experience to play simulated firefights between either PvP, or PvE. For the most part, Arma 3 has a good community. Most people communicate with their teams to lead them into cities, complete objectives, or simply talking to a pilot to let them know where to drop you off. I do not recommend trying to play as a CoD player in this, trying to use a sniper in a city, or trying to quickscope. You'd probably die really fast. Anyway, there were only some problems with Arma 3, such as minor bugs (that are not that noticible; rare), or major bugs that haven't been fixed yet. Also, some players seem to take this game a little too seriously. I've seen many players who haven't played the Arma series and wanting to try to use vehicles for the first time. Some players don't allow them as (obviously, being a beginner) they're not good, or wasting precious vehicles that could have been useful. Overall, it's a great game, but don't take it too seriously and just remember it's a game, not real life. Graphics: 9.8/10 Sound: 8.5/10 Gameplay: 9.7/10 Community: 7.5/10 Overall: 8.9/10
game-hours: 43.8
review: I have to admit I was hating this game in the beginning. I couldn't understand why I kept dying. I couldn't get the controls down and everything felt WAY to complicated. Then a few weeks ago I decided to sit down and learn the game. As other reviewers stated this game is not Call of Duty or Battlefield. You have to be patient. You have to learn the weapons and vehicles. This game is worth every penny as long as you invest a few days to learn the controls. Add in Steam Workshop and other mods (Breaking Point is my favorite) and you have a fantastic war simulator.
game-hours: 212.6
review: ARMA II was one of my favorite games (and it still is) but ARMA III is just in a testing (Alpha) version and they upgraded everything which was bad in ARMA II (better physics, ragdolls, animations... and they even added cool new things, such as weapon modifications, uniforms, first aid kits and underwater life) the only bad things are bad optimization and the funny animations when you're climbing a ladder (I don't know why they left that in there unchanged, it was funny as hell back in ARMA II). There are some mods for it already and the game doesn't have even a month, so the modding community will be big, like it was for ARMA II I think. There's even a sandbox zombie mod! :D I really love the graphics, this is the most photorealistic game you can get (Crysis 3 has unrealistic lights). Audio effects are cool too, but not as cool as in Battlefield 3 for example. Gameplay is almost the same as in ARMA II, but there are some new things like your character's stances. I was messing with the editor for like 5 hours in a row and I did some interesting things. The editor has a new look, but works exactly like in the previous game. I think ARMA III will be ever more successful than it's predecessor and I'm proud of our Czech brothers for such an amazing game. My recension will change with the upcoming Beta version. Overall: 10/10
game-hours: 437.9
review: Arma three fits into the modern FPS category very poorly, its not a bad game its just not CoD, a better category would be TFPS, Tactical First Person Shooter, cause thats what it is, its also a very fun and challenging game.
game-hours: 633.3
review: I loved (still love) Arma 2: CO and Arma 3 is a brilliant successor. They've added a lot of polish to the game, made movement feel much smoother, and really improved the graphics. With Steam Workshop, new content for the game is just a click away and there are some excellent user-made missions out there. Moreover, there are a ton of mods available which can change various aspects of the game. I've put more than 400 hours into Arma 3 playing and creating missions and that's just in single-player. I can't recommend the game enough to anyone who likes realistic, open-world shooters. It'll be installed on my PC for a long, long time.
game-hours: 204.1
review: ing Epic Game! endless possibilities!
game-hours: 388.2
review: best game to ever be created especially if you have the kart dlc :D 9.333333333333/10 half life 3 confirmed?
game-hours: 5.2
review: EPIC.
game-hours: 189.9
review: good !
game-hours: 3.7
review: Its pretty good game.
game-hours: 16.0
review: Dear beiber fan _69, Here my love xoxoxoxoxo HB sort yo ping den wees play togeth gg gg gg gg gg gg gg gg gg gg gg Lov Dirty mike and the boys - Trev Thanks bro for this Amazing game and the Review: this game is amazing, smooth engine, great missions, a nice step up from arma 2, Downside: multiplayer is to time consuming. qq
game-hours: 379.0
review: KEWL
game-hours: 181.3
review: Military simulation at its best. If you want to try something different from arcade COD/BF, definitely give this a try.
game-hours: 2.1
review: Richtig Geil das Spiel schade das ich nur die kostenlose version hatte :(
game-hours: 232.0
review: Great game. Would be great with more weapons and a useable bipod. Controller support is great; just a few button maps don't seem to work. Awesome game overall. 9/10 would eat.
game-hours: 317.4
review: Great game and great community content provided us with an awesome experience. KEEP IT GOING BI!!
game-hours: 182.6
review: absolutly amazing game!
game-hours: 14.0
review: Arma 3 is a good game and all that stuff but it the most glitchy and laggy gameplay in any game. one of the glitches is not getting into a vehicle but nonstop searching it for weapons so i had to give up a helicopter for that glitch. unless if you want to be realy mad at how you die in about 2 shots and have to giveup vehicles do to glitches thats fine but im sure nobody wants to die in 2 shots and loose about a hour of work getting guns then dieing from thirst or teamkillers / hackers.
game-hours: 25.8
review: great game
game-hours: 584.7
review: I highly recommend Arma 3 if you're into Army games with a (high) sense of realism. You can make this game as awesome as you want yourself. Depending on which (modded) gamemodes you play or with who you're playing. I'm part of one of the largest Arma 3 clans out there (Joint Task Force 2) and it really adds to the experience, having a Tactical Realism based clan. Think of stuff like Basic Training, military rank structure, working with a chain of command, teamplay based on military tactics and manoeuvers etc. check us out over at
game-hours: 16.5
review: Highly polished Arma II with future weapons, new shooting stances, and vast detailed maps. Like its predecessor the Mod community makes for a highly customizable game experience now backed by STEAM WORKSHOP. WARNING: Some dedicated fan boys of the ARMA Franchise would claim this is a very smooth game, I feel while smoother than ARMA II it's still a far cry from being "entirely" smoothed out. The most popular game mode seems to be "Wasteland" which is DayZ with out zombies. As you can imagine new players often get camped and ed prior to even finding a weapon. Supposedely you can port ARMA II objects into ARMA III, I have not tested this yet, but that proves to be some what promising for custom map design.
game-hours: 373.9
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 169.4
review: Best from BIS 10/10, now just wait for ACE2 10/10
game-hours: 144.6
review: This is war
game-hours: 12.3
review: Amazing level of control and realism. Great variety in gameplay when playing as different classes, with different weapons and vehicles. However, this game still has ye olde ARMA feel to it, meaning that occasionally you'll have to wait a decade to join a server, you suddenly drop to 2 FPS, or get lifted into the air. The amount of FPS you get also is kind of terrible I must say, but hey, it's a beta, and it'll get some kind of polishing before it's released, I'm sure about that.
game-hours: 102.2
review: Fantastic
game-hours: 175.1
review: The Best
game-hours: 138.9
review: Excellent sandbox simulation, but unlike others I will not say it is a total military simulation. vehicles and aircraft and their controls, pathfinding, etc. need vast improvement for this to even be considered a survey sim. however, ARMA 3 is an excellent infantry simulator and the vehicles and aircraft used as a supporting cast are sufficient. thrown in the community mods, game modes, and missions and nothing can beat ARMA 3. i just wish the grass was not so cheesy looking when you crawl though it, and the graphics were a bit more cinematic. i guess one cannot have everything.
game-hours: 130.4
review: just as good if not better than Arma 2
game-hours: 11.3
review: Crawling Simulator - Version 3.0 Jokes aside Arma III is a blast. The environments are stunning, the weapon & vehicle details so well done, the guns actually kick, and the voice acting and sounds immerse you into the amazing world of Stratis. With so much land (and now sea) you can really do any scenario on Statis. The modding community is already creating/porting amazing mods into Arma 3 and the community is great. If you want a real shooter that feels & plays great then Arma 3 is your game.
game-hours: 86.1
review: Get dis  niqqa
game-hours: 328.6
review: I play ArmA 3 since Alpha, it has changed alot since first builds all in plus. Its currently best game to buy if you think about Tactical FPS game, and also it isnt just that you buy ArmA and its all you get. ArmA 3 like ArmA 2 is a platform that allows modders to create completly different game modes that developers originally designed, also the game has a lot of devs attention. DLC-s like ZEUS make this game even more interesting and avilible even for non scripting gamer society. Only thing i wish to see in future ArmA 3 development is more DLC (no matter if free or not if it bring lots of new stuff) and Directx12 witch will help to improve performance.
game-hours: 187.8
review: You know. This game is great! If you love flying helicopters and getting hookers!You will die to play this game forever! I know when i first bought it all i did was watch my guy sit on a rock! Its like im watching a second me watching another person play this game watching a hooker inside a game inside another game! what im trying to say is... This game has hookers!!!! GET IT!
game-hours: 319.6
review: while playing i take off my clothes and carry bloody men around while they float like ghosts behind me like ghosts
game-hours: 13.5
review: The most poorly-optimized PTSD simulator!!!
game-hours: 144.4
review: so fun
game-hours: 138.5
review: buy it now or die !!!!!!!
game-hours: 101.1
review: Walking/Driving Sim
game-hours: 293.9
review: Lemme tell you what i think about arma 3. ARMA 3 is a fantastic military sim game. The physics are great, the graphics are awesome and everything about it i enjoy especially the addons. It's a great improvement and i don't know why dayz isn't running on this amazing engine. The zoombies mod that i enjoyed is gone now thanks to bohemia and dayz. I hope you guys rot in hell. What i hate about this game, comes from a deep part of my soul and also a very external part of me too. The amount of dip and try hards and ing posers i come across rattle me bones like no other. Going into a server with "Spec ops" as your slot to choose to be makes me want to shoot my brains out. The moment i went into these servers felt all i heard was "SPEC OPS READY FOR PICK UP" "THIS IS SPEC OPS GOING INTO FIRE" "THIS IS SPEC OPS SUCKING  FOR CRACK MONEY" that last one was a joke but you can see my anger in this. So i ask in the chat bar that doesn't have a scroll up option for some ing reason, "are you guys in the military or have any of you served" and with a gust of wind that screams oh  here we go, it came "no, we have never served, luckily we have this game" my wtf face was not big enough to show how i felt. These  heads have no idea what it's like to be in combat, i don't know yet my self but i plan on knowing very soon, nor military tactics, nor anything of particular military from anyone not just these "spec op" dumbasses. anyway, i get out of this server cause at this point i am growing a giant vein on my temple because i am holding back my self tearing these guys a new one. "Alright" i tell my self as i decide to browse through servers. "ah, this one must be great, seal team 8" OKAY seriously, i get that you're a ing  and don't want to actually serve, but naming your ing server seal team # doesn't make you look cool. It pisses people off. I go into this server and ask if any served or serving. Noopee, seriously. what the  do you think you're doing? what part of being in a seal team do you ing know besides call of duty or some stupid ? okay, well there's alot of that. let me get to my closing statement. arma 3 is fun, i love the game graphics are nice but the mulitplayer is so un-optimized it drives me insane. Having a nice pc and trying to enjoy games but without devs optimizing their games or using 64bit gaming, EVEN THOUGH THE GAME YOU RELEASED IS A PRETTY HEFTY GAME TO PLAY baffles me. The physics engine is great, physx engine it's called from nvidia, it's some cool , too bad it doesn't look cool at 20fps and i am trying to drive but go right into a ing rock. physics are working though that some good . anyway. also the game feels stripped, like there's nothing compared to arma 2 regarding weapons and vehicles. I would not recommend this game if you have ever served/serving in the Military or you want something casual. If you have served or serving you will want to gut everyone. There's no point in playing a game where no one knows what they are doing and pretends to be some badass that they will never be except maybe online, but the pre pubescent or going through puberty voice doesn't sound like you want to follow them. The amount of posers and wanna be's ruin this game for me. oh and especially the "15th MEU" oh pretends to be a real marine MEU. LIke seriously these guys think they are Marines. Their website says how much of they follow Marines. they even pretend to have medals and shadow boxes. what the  is this . As someone working his  off to join a special group of people i can no longer play this game without getting rage. singleplayer is fun though. i like the single player. mods are nice, and i really can't say much else. I would and wouldn't recommend this game. It's up to you.
game-hours: 373.3
review: Awsomeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
game-hours: 507.2
review: Great game
game-hours: 424.9
review: The enormity of the map is the foundation for the experiences that distinguish Bohemia Interactives flagship franchise. Its what makes radios, topographical maps, binoculars, and compasses practical equipment in an FPS. Its what allows for kilometer-long headshots and coordinated convoy raids. Its what makes using your eyes to spot hints of enemies muzzle flashes, tracers, gunsmoke as valuable as being a crack shot. The scale of Arma 3 dwarfs everything in the genre, including Arma 2. Altis, a keyhole portion of which is seen in these screenshots, is a Mediterranean island-nation assembled from ruins, airports, coastal villages, solar power plants, military outposts, salt flats, and tank-friendly scrubland. Its a variegated backyard for you to play war in, but whats more significant is that Armas landscape finally has the technology it deserves. 9.5/10
game-hours: 171.7
review: Das Game ed so extrem ab einfach nur -.- !
game-hours: 317.3
review: Fun and realistic, odd quirks and bugs but can't be blamed. Only real gripe is laser-sharp accuracy from AI but you can counteract it. Technically a limitlessly playable game due to the workshop content that get's released, so it's definitely worth it's value.
game-hours: 242.7
review: You can shoot people n' stuff 12/10
game-hours: 43.0
review: Uses OFP engine from 10 years ago. Recommends GTX 560, I have 580 and NEVER get more than 20 fps no matter what my settings are. This game was made by dirty slavaboo gopniks who have no ing clue what they're doing.
game-hours: 19.0
review: Arma 3 is easy to explain. Imagine arma 2. Now add proper stances to it, ALOT better performance, alot of fixed bugs (alot more introduced aswell) and on and on. Arma 3 is a good game for what it is. The main problem is: the devs are ing lazy, they didn't bother modelling lots of civillian cars like in arma 2, instead, 4 or 5 that just have different skins. About 1 tank per faction. 3 or 4 Helicopters and  me, only one ing jet. I mean thats ing lazy. The amount of content in arma 3 is ing embarrasing compared to the shear amount of content in arma 2. Bohemia Interactive have done a great job with all the new content etc. but this game should still either be in alpha, or very early beta. NOT a finished game. Overall if your reading this to see weather you wanna get this game or not, its down to you. If you want a game that runs and plays really well, if you can look past the laziness of the devs and the lack of assets, then get it. If you can't however, just stick with arma 2 until the devs actually do something about the lack of assets etc. Again, this game should be in late alpha - early beta. NOT a finished game.
game-hours: 41.2
review: While I love the Arma series, this game was not was I was expecting. When you make a game, you have a couple things that need to be set up to make it a game. 1. A setting - They created the island, and it was good, very large and open with a diverse landscape 2. The Engine - Everything works well, even the physics, which Arma 2 completely failed at. Movements are fluid, you got way better animations, so there aren't any complaints....until 3. Weapons and Vehicles - This is one of the most crucial points to add variety to a game, and I am sad to say that BI failed miserably. They created virtually nothing for the game's release, for what reason I don't know, but it aggravates me to no end. You have all the things in place, the tools for people to make their own missions, but there is no variety, same guns, same ammo, and a couple of vehicles. Look at Arma 2, even without the DLC, there was TONS of content to work with, and the DLC just added onto that. My advice? Keep up to date on the status of the game, and once the first DLC comes out, THEN buy it
game-hours: 2.2
review: I couldn't get fps to playable level in multiplayer and I have new 1000e desktop pc. Fps below 20 with low settings wtf?
game-hours: 26.2
review: :)
game-hours: 0.1
review: cool
game-hours: 366.8
review: a wonderfully satisfying pc game,many game-modes, huge maps, plenty vehicles, awesone weapons, ect. definetly worth the $59.99
game-hours: 415.1
review: A los seguidores de la saga, al menos a mi me ha dejado bastante insatisfecho, que decir? la campaa muy pobre y lineal, no como os otros ARMA, que era realmente un sandbox/simulador militar, los que llevais en la saga desde sus inicios en 2001, bueno ya sabeis..., y a los nuevos que acaban de empezar, jugad a los otros y comparad, y lo recomiendo por los miembros de armaholic y demas artistas creadores de addons que gracias a sus addons le dan vida a este juego, para mi exsimulador militar. decepcin, graficamente excellente, tengo un pc muy potente y lo tira de manera muy suave en graficos a full, pero en ARMA no son los graficos, arma nunca a destacado por su grfica, si no por su realismo, judgad vosotros mismos
game-hours: 1.1
review: This game has pretty good looking graphics. The options or configure menu could be hard to understand to some players. The controls are overcomplicated. Ragdoll physics is horrible. But the game is trying to be more tactical like,well its not tactical at all most of you enemies run out in the open like 'Hey! Look at me! Shoot me!'. Playing alone isn't to great but with friends you capture the whole experience of Arma 3. The maps are huge so you have to do lots of exploring,pretty cool if you enjoy exploring. The vehicles have their own controls maybe except the land vehicles and some other type of vehicles. The air vehicles are hard to control unless you played the rest of the Armas.(BTW still don't know how to use air vehicles). Is this a full release or a beta? I do not know it has plenty after plenty of bugs to fix. Like when that time I shot some one his body had an oversized neck the body itself had its body armor turned into a size of a pea. This game is 4/10 hard to recommend.
game-hours: 311.4
review: It's awesome! Especially Altis Life
game-hours: 216.4
review: 10/10 best game in a while haha just because...
game-hours: 1418.2
review: Arma 3 is like its predecessors. When Bohemia launched it (I mean after Alpha and Beta Phase) it was still incomplete, lacking content (for example: I mean the biggest Island ever and only one Jet for a minor Fraction the AAF) and Bug riddled. So nothing changed, Behemia is still greedy and the community has to bring it arround. Wich it does! Missions Mods everything is comming from you guys! Thanks for that.
game-hours: 384.9
review: epic!!! everyone should own this game!!
game-hours: 39.5
review: Good
game-hours: 580.4
review: Mt loko , se vc tem uma boa equipe vale a pena jogar !
game-hours: 199.3
review: This is -the- tactical shooter. If you're tired of the often trite and rediculous "military" shooters out there, and want a more realistic simulation of military endevour, give this game a try. Not for the faint of heart or the incautious, it's by far the best military FPS experience I've had to date. That is not to say it isn't without it's faults or problems (touch on those in later on) but the overall experience, the sense of scale, and the frankly, the amount of fun I've had in this game are what make this game my go-to for tactical combat. PROs - Scale of the environment; you're not going to find anything remotely like this in scale, save possibly in WWII Online, which is comparitively more dated than this. The enviornments are huge, even on Stratis it takes considerable time to simply walk from one location to another. Both maps offer a good variety of cover, concealment, and terrain to fight in, from forested hills and mountains to underwater stealthy goodness. - Realism; What I mean by this is that the game provides fairly realistic expectations on human limitations, such as the amount and types of gear one can carry, fatigue, and the surprising turns of fragility and endurance of the human body. Marksmanship is important and vigilance is key in firefights. It's easy for the unwary to lose track of a target if you don't keep your eyes peeled and your rifle ready, creating a sense of tension in combat unlike most any other I've experienced. There are swells and lulls to it that speak to an environment that lends itself to a more realistic combat experience. - It's pretty; While not the top tier of graphics, this is certainly an accessible and sometimes stunning gaming experience. It takes a poet to describe the sweeping vistas that reveal themselves at the oddest moments. With your intense focus on the environment around you, you can be trekking to an objective location in multiplayer with some friends, and crest a hill to see a marvellous Mediterranean sunset over a quiet sea-side village. And there's a poignancy when that serenity is broken by an artillery barrage from the forward observer on the opposite hill. The character models can be customised in a way previous titles of this series could not, giving voice to the inner tactical fashionista (really, sometimes dressing in all-black gear just feels -good-). - Modding support; Mod support for this game is building slowly but surely, and for a few of my gripes in the CONs section, there are mods that help alleviate the suffering somewhat. As a niether here nor there sort of observation: The game interface is much improved over previous versions of the game, especially the inventory system, which is a marvelous improvement compared to the frustration generated from the previous title. However, it's not perfect, and especially the contextual menu needs some major tweaking and re-examination by BI. CONs - Optimization; the game could do with some. Settings I can use on most games with comprable graphics simply do not hold up in ArmA III, but it's rarely crippling. I still wish it'd be less of a struggle to have settings on a level that makes the game as pretty as it is, without a lagging frame rate. - Lack of choice; this applies more to gear and weapons, than anything. While the stable of available gear for use has been increasing gradually since the Alpha Supporter edition, there's still a surprisingly low number of choices for small arms and vehicles in particular. I'm hoping that the Campaign extensions will also continue to provide more variety to the in-game gear I have to choose from. - Dinky guns; It's a bit of a pet peeve, I'll admit, that some of the weapons feel weirdly underpowered in this. Perhaps its simply because I'm less used to using them, but a few weapons take more than half a magazine at short range to bring down relatively lightly armored foes with well placed shots. I'm looking at you, SMGs and 5.56 weapons.
game-hours: 115.1
review: Amazing game! Two thumbs up.
game-hours: 35.1
review: Fantastic sim/game. Learning curve is fairly small and incredably rewarding! If you like action games, blowing sh!t up, team work, driving, flying and diving! Then this is probably the best game out there!
game-hours: 250.9
review: "Iz gud Buy diz und git gud" 9/10
game-hours: 12.3
review: Amazing level of control and realism. Great variety in gameplay when playing as different classes, with different weapons and vehicles. However, this game still has ye olde ARMA feel to it, meaning that occasionally you'll have to wait a decade to join a server, you suddenly drop to 2 FPS, or get lifted into the air. The amount of FPS you get also is kind of terrible I must say, but hey, it's a beta, and it'll get some kind of polishing before it's released, I'm sure about that.
game-hours: 10.4
review: Fun game but runs like poo
game-hours: 112.9
review: I'm not sure wether I should recommend it or not but it's enjoyable so I will. The game was released unfinished. There were close to nothing to do in the game because of the lack of content. There's 2 factions in BLUFOR I think, and one in OPFOR, one in Independent unless I'm mistaken. There's no weapon variation, there's like 2 weapons per faction if even. Only independent have jets and it's just one jet with another variant of it. The lack of content is what completely ruins this game. The combat, however, is very smooth (unless your FPS is on 20 which it usually is unless you have an absolutely extreme gaming computer), well-made and convenient. There's 9 stances you can take, high stand, normal stand, crouching stand, high crouch, normal crouch, low crouch, sitting (while firing), lying down and lying on the side. There's also a combat pace and a running pace which is great. In the combat pace, you run slower with your weapon up so you don't have to walk to fire like you did in ArmA 2. I love the game for it's mechanics which are much, much more smoother than ArmA 2 but I always play ArmA 2 more because of how incredibly much content there is for it. Especially with ACE. The graphics are awesome aswell. The lightning, the textures and effects are amazing but they'll most likely drop your FPS drastically. Not sure if it's due to bad optimization or if it's because the maps are so huge and detailed. Also, Altis, the main map of the game, I've noticed is very popular and everyone talks about how it's 270km2 or something like that, but travelling from one side of the map to the other is only 20km and takes like 2 minutes by chopper which was kind of dissapointing. It's still a great map though with alot of nice places and things to do. To summarize: This game is really well-made and cool but when it comes to content and features, ArmA 2 beats it by far.
game-hours: 439.9
review: One of the best military sims out there. If you like immersion/sandbox, then you will love this.
game-hours: 58.6
review: The overall experience you get from ARMA games is good. But bugs are to be expected. The game feels like an actual war simulator. One shot can either kill or hurt badly, medkits are must have and the missions are a fun experience. The game is reccomended when you have a couple of friends with you. It gets dull and boring if you are alone (like any other game) but with friends the whole satisfaction is improved.
game-hours: 278.6
review: Amazing Game would recommend to 100% Everyone
game-hours: 6.1
review: .
game-hours: 175.8
review: Game of The Year! Even after the release was Published in 2013! 10/10~
game-hours: 262.4
review: Pretty Awesome
game-hours: 383.8
review: Very fun and addictive game, pretty low FPS and the desync issues are pretty drastic, but you start to get used to it and forgive the problems in the engine. I guarantee you will lose your sense of time once you get into it. 8/10
game-hours: 2176.9
review: ok, i played abit :rfacepalm: and want to give some words to the community and maybe the developer aswell. 1: sorry for my bad english, hope you'll get the point of what i want to say here. 2: go along if you play wasteland or altis life most of your time 3: who iam, veteran in fps since 1991. had my first 286' in early 90's. have a real life and like to play some time (imean for any genre of game you can go to the [steam]shop and play simulation, rpg, comic, violence, etc) i just want you all get my point quikly, because thats the deal- dont wast your time. i mean seriously, dont waste your +#+$7#+ time in a game that made for simulate players act together in a prebriefed style. in a game that made for bring realistic fun to deal with enemies not like arcade style. in a game that was made for coop and now 90% server out there are (single)roleplay. in a game that is full of bugs but beauty in detail - when you can be level 1000 at bf4/cod. in a game with a community of real soldiers that lost real buddies, by teamkilling them. in a game that need alot of fingersytle WASD wont bring you fun at all. in a game that is rated +18 , not infact 60% kiddies trolling the servers. i could go on like that if you want. so get your positive things out of it.i mean this game have moments, which i cant describe in words- and actually the bad situation had taking me to write this review.have fun in playing , hopefully as a team
game-hours: 21.0
review: The game is really great for simulation in warfare, A must buy!
game-hours: 289.0
review: A kill in CoD makes you feel like a unarmed potato. A kill in ArmA 3 makes you feel like God
game-hours: 1222.3
review: Amazing. BIS have outdone themselves this time!
game-hours: 238.6
review: If like simulation military ganes this one is for you you can fly a jet thru a wall and not die you can also get shot by a rocket dierectly in the chest and not die BEST SIM GAME EVER
game-hours: 13.5
review: If by chance you are fortunate to be right-handed, use default controls at all times, don't mind that even this comes with several impairing elements, don't mind tons of glitches and unstable content, don't mind wading through to find actual significant content yourself or want to put in dozens of hours of effort to make content in a steep and vague learning curve...then this game is the best a military simulation can do for now.
game-hours: 10.5
review: you dont need it anymore there's a standalone for dayz
game-hours: 170.6
review: Want a good war game? Look no further this is the game for you. It doesn't have as much action as COD or BF at first, but if you find the right server and have the right friends this will be more fun by far.
game-hours: 350.3
review: Another great add-on to the arma series. i suggest wasteland for PVP only needs
game-hours: 24.7
review: No, this is in no way better than Call of Duty, I feel cheated with this game, it's too hard and endlessly complex.
game-hours: 39.5
review: Good
game-hours: 580.4
review: Mt loko , se vc tem uma boa equipe vale a pena jogar !
game-hours: 199.3
review: This is -the- tactical shooter. If you're tired of the often trite and rediculous "military" shooters out there, and want a more realistic simulation of military endevour, give this game a try. Not for the faint of heart or the incautious, it's by far the best military FPS experience I've had to date. That is not to say it isn't without it's faults or problems (touch on those in later on) but the overall experience, the sense of scale, and the frankly, the amount of fun I've had in this game are what make this game my go-to for tactical combat. PROs - Scale of the environment; you're not going to find anything remotely like this in scale, save possibly in WWII Online, which is comparitively more dated than this. The enviornments are huge, even on Stratis it takes considerable time to simply walk from one location to another. Both maps offer a good variety of cover, concealment, and terrain to fight in, from forested hills and mountains to underwater stealthy goodness. - Realism; What I mean by this is that the game provides fairly realistic expectations on human limitations, such as the amount and types of gear one can carry, fatigue, and the surprising turns of fragility and endurance of the human body. Marksmanship is important and vigilance is key in firefights. It's easy for the unwary to lose track of a target if you don't keep your eyes peeled and your rifle ready, creating a sense of tension in combat unlike most any other I've experienced. There are swells and lulls to it that speak to an environment that lends itself to a more realistic combat experience. - It's pretty; While not the top tier of graphics, this is certainly an accessible and sometimes stunning gaming experience. It takes a poet to describe the sweeping vistas that reveal themselves at the oddest moments. With your intense focus on the environment around you, you can be trekking to an objective location in multiplayer with some friends, and crest a hill to see a marvellous Mediterranean sunset over a quiet sea-side village. And there's a poignancy when that serenity is broken by an artillery barrage from the forward observer on the opposite hill. The character models can be customised in a way previous titles of this series could not, giving voice to the inner tactical fashionista (really, sometimes dressing in all-black gear just feels -good-). - Modding support; Mod support for this game is building slowly but surely, and for a few of my gripes in the CONs section, there are mods that help alleviate the suffering somewhat. As a niether here nor there sort of observation: The game interface is much improved over previous versions of the game, especially the inventory system, which is a marvelous improvement compared to the frustration generated from the previous title. However, it's not perfect, and especially the contextual menu needs some major tweaking and re-examination by BI. CONs - Optimization; the game could do with some. Settings I can use on most games with comprable graphics simply do not hold up in ArmA III, but it's rarely crippling. I still wish it'd be less of a struggle to have settings on a level that makes the game as pretty as it is, without a lagging frame rate. - Lack of choice; this applies more to gear and weapons, than anything. While the stable of available gear for use has been increasing gradually since the Alpha Supporter edition, there's still a surprisingly low number of choices for small arms and vehicles in particular. I'm hoping that the Campaign extensions will also continue to provide more variety to the in-game gear I have to choose from. - Dinky guns; It's a bit of a pet peeve, I'll admit, that some of the weapons feel weirdly underpowered in this. Perhaps its simply because I'm less used to using them, but a few weapons take more than half a magazine at short range to bring down relatively lightly armored foes with well placed shots. I'm looking at you, SMGs and 5.56 weapons.
game-hours: 115.1
review: Amazing game! Two thumbs up.
game-hours: 35.1
review: Fantastic sim/game. Learning curve is fairly small and incredably rewarding! If you like action games, blowing sh!t up, team work, driving, flying and diving! Then this is probably the best game out there!
game-hours: 250.9
review: "Iz gud Buy diz und git gud" 9/10
game-hours: 780.0
review: The best mil sim game ever made
game-hours: 14.5
review: WHERE ARE THE JETS. I BOUGHT THIS SOLEY FOR THE JETS
game-hours: 140.4
review: Very Good.
game-hours: 343.5
review: This is gonna be est game ever i see you dont make dayz mode for arma 3 But its not gonna happen u create new game for day z u published videos for u are working on arma 3 for dayz You guys said you are going to publish it soon u tricked people
game-hours: 584.0
review: If you havent already bought this game, its a must buy!!!! its 40% off atm get it while you can!!!
game-hours: 112.5
review: its okay i suppose but not worth 40
game-hours: 13.8
review: Best real life combat simulator hands down there is no better foot, land, air and sea Arma series does it like no other game I have played. Player made addons and missions making this game stand like the leaning tower of pisa it may not be perfect but it does look and feel great.
game-hours: 188.9
review: GG
game-hours: 934.3
review: This game is epic, if you're a Battlefield or COD troll then I suggest you move on to something like SiMS. Don't waste your time on campaign mode, get yourself onto multiple player, find a clan, get on TS, and trust me you wont look back. See you on the battlefield es
game-hours: 5.9
review: INVALED SCREEN HELP ME PLS.
game-hours: 254.1
review: I like this game when I get bored of Cs
game-hours: 454.4
review: This game is Amazing but does have its moments online co-op like getting shot through walls. But this game is well worth the money even though its in alpha its has so much to offer for the engine platform it uses is amazing. the graphics are outstanding for multiplayer. over all I would give the game a 7 out of 10 on Campaign and a 10 out of 10 on Multiplayer just because the Campaign is kinda hard in the beginning of it the Multiplayer you have a good community of players on the coop. I just love it i will keep playing this game until Bohemia Interactive comes out with Arma 4 if they do it will be hard to top this game and the cooperation of other players. they just need to add more stuff but its still in alpha.
game-hours: 411.7
review: To be honest like all previous bohemia games Arma 3 is filled with all sorts of bugs and unfinished / half complete stuff , however there is something unique about this game , something special that keeps people playing this game .Graphics , gameplay, campaign are pretty good even though they could be allot better. Even though there are other military sim's that are not bad at all , Arma titles hold the very top . Why, you may ask ? Its because Arma 3 provides the user with the tools to create whatever he wants. You finished the campaign ? No problem , here are hundreds of user created missions for you that you can now play. You dont like the missions ? No problem , here is the editor in which you can make ur own missions. You dont like the Arma 3 Factions/Weapons/Vehicles /Visual FX/Sound/AI/Realism ? No problem , here , download the hundreds of mods available for free. You want to create ur own content ? Here are the modding tools , you can do / create whatever you want with them. And this is what makes Arma 3 special .I am sure bright future awaits this game If the devs listen to the community and the community stays loyal to this game.Recommended.
game-hours: 411.4
review: Ater around 150 hours of playing this game I firmly say it is worth the money.
game-hours: 503.3
review: arma 3 is buggy but very fun with friends scenarios great every thing is beautiful couldnt reccomend it any higher
game-hours: 35.5
review: Its so real its almost like am actually playing a video game.
game-hours: 49.9
review: <3 Best. Game. EVAAAA.
game-hours: 315.6
review: It is a lot of fun if you have friends to play with.
game-hours: 942.4
review: I'm writing this review because Steam wants me to. Also Arma 3 is awesome.
game-hours: 32.0
review: good game, because some reasons
game-hours: 319.0
review: love it buy Arma 3 NOW
game-hours: 200.7
review: Everyone should play this game. Is rly gud.
game-hours: 525.3
review: C.O.D play Arma!
game-hours: 743.2
review: it's a game with some bugs and glitches those will be fixed over time. you will need a good pc to run it at high FPS. my favorite way to play is millisim witch makes it more realistic. the way the game was meant to be played.
game-hours: 216.7
review: Very good game.
game-hours: 231.5
review: Good Game 8.5/10
game-hours: 1334.3
review: One of the best tactical shooter i have ever played. Has alot of community modes and mods. Totally worth its price, buy it!
game-hours: 1006.8
review: Truely Amazing Game, Would Never Stop Playing!!! Needs some more maps, and vechs but overall is amazing!!
game-hours: 211.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 0.3
review: God, I want this game so bad.
game-hours: 23.2
review: Really cool game, nice graphics and fun gamemodes!
game-hours: 83.3
review: Very good game. If you have played the Arma series before then you will know what you are in for. Lots of Mods and Missions to play online with friends. Also runs smooth on both my PC & Laptop.
game-hours: 110.8
review: With all the different multiplayer modes and missions, plus custom made scenario missions from the workshop, this game never get's old. It is a great game for hardcore players. The game is gorgeous. Especially at night. I paid full price for this game and never regretted it. If you see it on sale, it is a must have for military fps fans.
game-hours: 283.5
review: Good game with great mod's
game-hours: 20.7
review: This game is amazing!
game-hours: 36.4
review: very good i think yes :)
game-hours: 452.2
review: I recommend this game, to all the FPS/SIM players!
game-hours: 73.2
review: Amazing game! Worth the dough
game-hours: 651.6
review: This is the best military simulator available, with its superb graphics and it's wide range of features highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys realistic gameplay.
game-hours: 27.6
review: Very fun simulator, almost felt real.
game-hours: 69.9
review: Great game. Very immersive and would highly recommend!
game-hours: 71.8
review: Must buy
game-hours: 20.9
review: BEST SIM OS WAR EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 529.5
review: Awesome
game-hours: 166.1
review: Extreamly coordinated assaults. Actual military veterans play. Good .
game-hours: 1295.1
review: This game is one of the best Military sandboxes i have ever played. You can fly a jet, drive a tank, and  things up. You can even fight in you underware!!! 10/10
game-hours: 10.8
review: Really cool game if you are used to shooter games. It is very intense and realistic, you can get killed pretty quickly and vehicles can blow up easy. Also the maps are very beautiful and great to explore with lots of hiding spots. Arma 3 has a large range of weapons that can suit all playing styles so I highly recomend it for people who are reasonalbly experienced at shooter games.
game-hours: 28.6
review: They should add an RV to this game. 9/10 will update once RV is added.
game-hours: 31.4
review: Death by insanely fast hatchback simulator 2014.
game-hours: 1304.5
review: The multiplayer modes are brilliant, whether you'd like to add a custom mod and play Breaking point where you and your friends can loot, hide, murder and avenge as need be or you'd like to go onto the roleplay side and play some Altis Life that comes already in the game. It's a fun game if you like any type of shooter, like to drive cars fast, like to have tons of features, and like to play with friends.
game-hours: 0.7
review: lol my computer couldn't even run this when it was free weekend ;v;
game-hours: 109.1
review: oh soso good :3 This is one of the best games of forever :D 10/10 IGN "kinda good i guess"
game-hours: 358.6
review: great game my friends need this game fun to play with a bunch of people
game-hours: 89.4
review: a great tactical game
game-hours: 224.4
review: Very good game.
game-hours: 182.5
review: Few games own the title of Miliatry/Combat Simulater, even fewer do it well, even less update them. Heres to BI, for delivering.
game-hours: 172.3
review: Although I havnt played it yet to me it looked like a very good game and since i have got money :I Im buying it :D
game-hours: 111.1
review: A much better improvement in the way that Arma plays and looks, I recommend this game to all Arma 2 fans and incourage people whom have never played Arma to try it.
game-hours: 690.0
review: best army simulator game
game-hours: 72.2
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 437.6
review: Realism at it's finest. Doesn't get much more real than this ladies and gents.
game-hours: 712.0
review: Im in love with this game !
game-hours: 204.6
review: 10/10 Must buy.
game-hours: 362.7
review: Ok first off HOLY CRAP this game is sweet. If you cant pay the normal 60 bucks wait till it goes for les( I got mine for 30 i think) I would call it a military simulation with a shooter twist. A great game thats lots of fun. You can be seriouse and treat it like its real life or just  around like i do most of the time and blow stuff up. If you liked Dayz in arma 2 there is breaking point wich i play and that is pretty good but can get a little frustrating. But over all 10/10 would buy again. Seriously if your PC can handle it get it.
game-hours: 2.1
review: i wants it, but too much moneez
game-hours: 483.6
review: easily the best milsim available
game-hours: 192.8
review: This game is very fun and open and alot of things to do. The singleplayer is very amazing with the stunning graphics and visuals. The audio is somewhat clear, but I can understand people clearly in chat and I can hear gunshots and explosions from a long distances and it is very cool. The multiplayer side is amazing and playing from the combat simulation with others to the Altis Life RPG addon and to the epic zombie survival mod of DayZ to surviving and fighting in the world of Wasteland. Last but not least, the editor for Arma 3 is very good, but very advanced to understand right away, just get used to the basic things of editing until you can create large scale battles with the editor. This game is not for the regular FPS players, this game is way more intense in my opinion than Call of Duty or Battlefield. You actually have to plan and use tactics to get the job done and the maps are very large and you can't run forever. So at first it might be irritating for new players, but you will get used to it. Very fun military simulator and it is very addicting. This game is a thumbs up! :D 12/10
game-hours: 2.1
review: Richtig Geil das Spiel schade das ich nur die kostenlose version hatte :(
game-hours: 232.0
review: Great game. Would be great with more weapons and a useable bipod. Controller support is great; just a few button maps don't seem to work. Awesome game overall. 9/10 would eat.
game-hours: 56.9
review: yea if price goes sown
game-hours: 1103.6
review: ing Love playing this game. need to be worked on some more but great game and modding community.
game-hours: 182.3
review: There is so much content to enjoy in Arma 3-from cooperative missions to battle royale to wasteland. I guarantee you'll be spending hours playing through it all. The experience becomes even better if you have friends to play with. Even though the single player isn't very enjoyable, it's a huge leap from that of Arma 2. If you can catch Arma 3 on sale, I definitely recommend you buy it.
game-hours: 19.1
review: I enjoyed playing this game on the free weekend, but I don't think this game is worth $60. By now it should have dropped a little and Arma II should be free buy now.
game-hours: 28.2
review: Amazing graphics and amazing sound quality! It is a heavy game but most gaming PC's can run this easily! Battle royale for life!
game-hours: 15.1
review: Arma 3? More like Ar-this  is not fun. I played Arma 2 a fair bit and it was "fun", but this game just didn't peak any of my interests.  the people who forced me to buy this -ma 3
game-hours: 331.6
review: yeah its pretty cool i guess
game-hours: 23.1
review: its so good add a f15 f16 and c17s
game-hours: 217.7
review: Started Playing Altis Life... > Join a Random Server > Get a Quad > On the way to the Peachfield > Hear Sirens from 2 Police Vehicles (5 Heavy Armed Officers) > wtf.jpg > Getting Handcuffed > 15k Ticket for Speeding > unable to Pay > Spend 25 Min. in Jail 10/10
game-hours: 130.7
review: This game is fricking amazing its got HD textures and the driving and shooting is well thought out and that just makes this a whole lot better. There is nothing I dislike in the game
game-hours: 197.7
review: Disappointing on several levels. Essentially you're paying $60+ for an engine that mods run off. The mods that currently exist are pretty underwhelming, and aren't made by the studio. They have universally low production value, and there are only a couple that are played. The insulting part is the engine isnt even good. It's pretty slow no matter what settings it's on, and this is with pretty decent hardware. Maybe if you can get this game on super sale it would be worth it, but the amount of content in this game in NO way justifies the price
game-hours: 95.9
review: Definietly not worth the money. Dissapointment of the year 2013, offers nothing significantly new nor is it even that good of a game overall. I regret getting this game, while ArmA 2 is probably one of my best purchases ever.
game-hours: 31.5
review: Bad game. Horrible game engine. System requirements for what? Nope company. Few models. Multiplayer always glitches. Waste of money.
game-hours: 291.7
review: Pros: Better Graphics Better Controls Better Sound Cons: Same laggy multiplayer as Arma 2 Same terrible interaction system Still using outdated Arma 2 mod tools (All mods are just ports) Most vehicles and weapons are the same between factions, just different textures Still uses 2004 Netcode Its trying to be more casual As of right now, I do not feel as if this game is worth the $60, it still plays like it's in Alpha. Unless they release proper mod tools, I would not buy until it drops atleast 50% in price.
game-hours: 22.5
review: Still runs like a big pile of poopydoodoo. Single player campaign is not finished. Feels like a beta but it is the "official release".
game-hours: 303.4
review: Best military simulator out there.
game-hours: 95.1
review: the realism thats put into this simulatour is amazing i enjoy playing constantly and always will. the msot enjoy aspect si the modding cmmunity so many great minds are putting their hard work into this game i enjoy testing and playing their content.
game-hours: 47.1
review: Gave me PTSD 10/10
game-hours: 80.0
review: I have to say, this game blew me away the first I tried it. Here's what I think of the game: Pros: -Realistic, if you get shot twice your dead, no regenerative health. -Editor allowing you to create your own missions. -Hard combat makes you think on how to complete said missions. -You don't always have to be the commander, or even fight. -Multiplayer gameplay can be intense and make you think even more than against the AI. -Makes you work with your team to actually get stuff done. -Actual terminal ballistics. -Booming mod community. Cons: -Hard to learn controls (If new to series) -Some minor bugs (This will go away hopefully after beta, so I'm not taking a point away for it) I can't think of any more. So, overall, I give this game a 10/10. EDIT: Just thought of 1 problem that affects a lot of people: Optimization issues. New score: 8.5/10.
game-hours: 250.7
review: ARMA 3 is a great game with a moderate learning curve. If you liked ARMA 2 you will also like ARMA 3. Be warned, this is not your fast pace Battlefield 3/4 experience. ARMA 3 goes for a more realistic approach to the FPS game. This game has a great modding comunity and will keep you coming back for years to come.
game-hours: 828.1
review: I highly recommend this game to anyone who is tired of all the twitch shooters out there.
game-hours: 752.2
review: I was an arma franchise fan, i played Arma 2 and even with it's faults i decided to buy arma 3 while it was in alpha. Initally i was impressed, the game looked decent for such a big map and all of the changes were progress in my mind, but that was in alpha and there is till was a lot of development to be done or so i thought. Cut to 8 months after full release and little progress was made. The game still runs terrible when in multiplayer, the game has constant lag spikes on nearly any server over 40 ppl in it. The content is still lower than arma 2 content on release and very basic thing are still missing. Much of the content the game does have is also not impressive, the 3 teams basically all of the same small arms and vechiles, especially blufor and opfor teams, with only small differences. Perhaps the biggest tragedy is that arma 3 doesnt even have simple "sim" features that many of its competiors have been using for years like weapon resting and delpolying bipods on lmg (ex Red Orchastra 2/RO2 and BF 2 and 3). Then to makes thing even worse and as a big srcrew you to the fans and customers BI decides to simatanously start developing Dayz while Arma 3 is no where near ready certaintly not for $60. If the fans of the franchise are honest with themseleves they will release that BI has simply done a cash grab on the consumer's wallet by launching an Alpha then not developing on it. While simatanously dividing their dev teams to work on the failed Dayz which most likley will have a similar fate of arma 3. Overall, Arma is not an absoulty terrible game i have over 500h+ in but i can not in honesty say its worth over $20, $30 tops, the bottom line is the game feels like a BETA now 8 months after release its just unexceptable and goes to show this "Early access" craze is more lilkey than not a way for unethical companies to profit off of empty promises and slow + lazy development.
game-hours: 27.6
review: Stop playing fake military games (aka Battlefield, Call of Duty, Combat Arms) and start playing some real ones. This game separates the kids from the men.
game-hours: 1058.8
review: This game is a rly fun and who ever wants to buy it go for it
game-hours: 213.4
review: Boring simulator 2014. Love feeling bored? Is your life not complete without pointless derision? Then Arma 3 is the game for you! You can take long walks with friends and talk about everything from the weather, the first time you got laid, or how you miss mom's home cooking. If you join a full server, and stay in it for 3 hours at a time...you do run the risk of eventually encountering enemy combatants. This occurence is rare but known to happen. Not to worry. You will die instantly and get to start the process all over again. So make sure that you read up on politics, sports, and current events so that you don't bore your online friends while on your long walks together. And for those having trouble figuring out the controls...LShift + Tab + R + T will tie your right bootlace, should it happen to come untied during one of your walks. Substitute R for L if its the left boot that comes untied first. On a side note, this game has a great online community. If you are new and need help...just ask. You will promptly be addressed and told to "Go **** yourself."
game-hours: 3.1
review: Absolutely fantastic and never played before game. This game is a beast! I recommend this game with 9/10 Stars
game-hours: 482.0
review: Really fun and the multiplayer is really really fun altis life on some servers lots of mods to use and addons
game-hours: 420.0
review: best game ever
game-hours: 44.3
review: Very good game!!
game-hours: 764.5
review: I highly recommend this game. very realistic, very hard. what i like most about this game is the combat is not over in 5 seconds like most action game eg call of duty. Also with all the wide range of guns and very unique future vehicle makes this game incredibly fun.
game-hours: 83.5
review: ARMA/10 Arma 2 but with better graphics and butt sliding SOLD SOLD SOLD SOLD THE BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 33.3
review: I do really recomend the game but the game is meant to be $50. I was looking at the arma website and converted it to usd and it said it was around $50. So would I say its a ripoff... No but I do think that steam should lower the amount. This game is worth it but steam just needs to look at that because I was playing the free weekend and it should have been like $25 dollars. I at that time had $20 so maybe we should ask steam to make a free full edition weekend where you could download it and keep it after the weekend finished...
game-hours: 294.8
review: + Amazing Gameplay + Endless User Content and an inbuilt editor +Great community +Very nice graphics +Constant platform updates/DLC with plans for an expansion in future +Infinite replayability +Things for everyone, EG KOTH for casual users to full MilSim -Quite graphically intensive -ArmA controls
game-hours: 28.9
review: I mean seriously? It may be a laggy piece of absolute cow . But it's Arma in 3. 420/10 Would Blaze.
game-hours: 25.7
review: I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH
game-hours: 30.2
review: nice ing fps armatards
game-hours: 1003.2
review: JOIN OUR BBS ARMA 3 EPOCH/OVERPOCH CHERNARUS/ALTIS SERVERS NOW! BBS | EPOCH | ALTIS | 217.23.5.27:2302 BBS | OVERPOCH | ALTIS | 217.23.5.27:3302 BBS | EPOCH | CHERNARUS | 217.23.5.27:5302 BBS | OVERPOCH | CHERNARUS | 217.23.5.27:4302
game-hours: 42.5
review: >mfw i hit a small rock in a go-kart and die 11/10 GOTYAY. But seriously, this game's a hell of a lot of fun. With friends. <3
game-hours: 1617.6
review: Been a big fan of what BI does. Now that we get to Epoch it all up it's even more amazing. From great single player missions to user created content. This is a game that can keep you entertained for years to come!
game-hours: 631.7
review: [UPDATE] Arma 3 is a great military sandbox game that consists of: Campaign User-made scenarios Multiplayer MANY different game modes DLCs that aren't too pricy (DLC buyers get items, while at the same time supporting the development of arma 3 ____________________________________________________________ Arma 3 in my opinion is a very realistic military simulator. You have a lot of weapons to choose from, and a lot of attachments. There are: 5 pistols 3 Sub-machine guns 10 different types of assault rifles 3 Designated marksman rifles 2 sniper rifles 3 LMGs That's not it though! Leave it to the developers to make even more guns coming up in the marksman DLC. Vehicles consist of: AFV-4 Gorgon AMV-7 Marshal Ifrit Hatchback HEMTT Hunter MSE-3 Marid Strider SUV Tempest Truck Quadbike UGV Stomper Zamak Go kart [Was added in as a joke, but people wanted it in the game as DLC content!] 2S9 Sochor BTR-K Kamysh CRV-6e Bobcat FV-720 Mora IFV-6a Cheetah AH-9 Pawnee AH-99 Blackfoot CH-49 Mohawk MH-9 Hummingbird PO-30 Orca UH-80 Ghost Hawk Mi-48 Kajman A-143 Buzzard A-164 Wipeout To-199 Neophron Speedboat Swimmer delivery vehicle [Submarine] Assault boat Think that's a long list? That's a lot, but not all! Each of the vehicles have their own unique features. ____________________________________________ I bought Arma 3 during the alpha stage, when it wasn't too great, however, Arma 3 has improved so much, and the developers have made a lot of tweaks/fixes.
game-hours: 66.7
review: One of the most expanded game ever made. Every aspect of the physics is independent and gives stunning effects. + Feeling of shooting + Precisely made weapons + Precisly constructed wehicles + Movement + Stances + Challenging + Lot of mods + Almost every aspect of the game + You can fall in love in it - Or you can hate it - Some bugs - Too hard for some people
game-hours: 196.9
review: Arma 3 is an ambitious title with a style of gameplay that will polarize players. The many complexities and amount of controls to master can be a daunting task for any newcomer to the series, while seasoned vets will feel right at home (for better or worse). There is a great deal to learn about playing Arma in a way that is enjoyable. The default campaign mode is passable, with all the tropes you'd expect to find in a military shooter, with a few surprises here and there. Missions vary in length and scope, ranging from short range patrols to full on combined operations assaults.
game-hours: 439.6
review: The best war simulator
game-hours: 87.8
review: Like its predecessors, ArmA 3 succeeds at supplying a realistic, entertaining, and accurate game experience that provides great scenery, new weapons and units, a community-based scenerio workshop, and a game that can be played professionally with a developed community or leisurely on a public server.
game-hours: 235.0
review: Good game
game-hours: 259.6
review: my mic does not work in arma 3. i have tried everything out of everything with no results at all, plz help. my mic works in skype, voice recs, and other games like Gmod. but it dosent work in Arma 3. there is nothing wrong with my mic. there is only something wrong with Arma 3 that dosent transmit my voice at all. plz add me on steam and help me im very desperete. and frustrated. and by the way sry for my bad English
game-hours: 25.8
review: great game
game-hours: 584.7
review: I highly recommend Arma 3 if you're into Army games with a (high) sense of realism. You can make this game as awesome as you want yourself. Depending on which (modded) gamemodes you play or with who you're playing. I'm part of one of the largest Arma 3 clans out there (Joint Task Force 2) and it really adds to the experience, having a Tactical Realism based clan. Think of stuff like Basic Training, military rank structure, working with a chain of command, teamplay based on military tactics and manoeuvers etc. check us out over at
game-hours: 16.5
review: Highly polished Arma II with future weapons, new shooting stances, and vast detailed maps. Like its predecessor the Mod community makes for a highly customizable game experience now backed by STEAM WORKSHOP. WARNING: Some dedicated fan boys of the ARMA Franchise would claim this is a very smooth game, I feel while smoother than ARMA II it's still a far cry from being "entirely" smoothed out. The most popular game mode seems to be "Wasteland" which is DayZ with out zombies. As you can imagine new players often get camped and ed prior to even finding a weapon. Supposedely you can port ARMA II objects into ARMA III, I have not tested this yet, but that proves to be some what promising for custom map design.
game-hours: 43.8
review: I have to admit I was hating this game in the beginning. I couldn't understand why I kept dying. I couldn't get the controls down and everything felt WAY to complicated. Then a few weeks ago I decided to sit down and learn the game. As other reviewers stated this game is not Call of Duty or Battlefield. You have to be patient. You have to learn the weapons and vehicles. This game is worth every penny as long as you invest a few days to learn the controls. Add in Steam Workshop and other mods (Breaking Point is my favorite) and you have a fantastic war simulator.
game-hours: 213.1
review: ARMA II was one of my favorite games (and it still is) but ARMA III is just in a testing (Alpha) version and they upgraded everything which was bad in ARMA II (better physics, ragdolls, animations... and they even added cool new things, such as weapon modifications, uniforms, first aid kits and underwater life) the only bad things are bad optimization and the funny animations when you're climbing a ladder (I don't know why they left that in there unchanged, it was funny as hell back in ARMA II). There are some mods for it already and the game doesn't have even a month, so the modding community will be big, like it was for ARMA II I think. There's even a sandbox zombie mod! :D I really love the graphics, this is the most photorealistic game you can get (Crysis 3 has unrealistic lights). Audio effects are cool too, but not as cool as in Battlefield 3 for example. Gameplay is almost the same as in ARMA II, but there are some new things like your character's stances. I was messing with the editor for like 5 hours in a row and I did some interesting things. The editor has a new look, but works exactly like in the previous game. I think ARMA III will be ever more successful than it's predecessor and I'm proud of our Czech brothers for such an amazing game. My recension will change with the upcoming Beta version. Overall: 10/10
game-hours: 437.9
review: Arma three fits into the modern FPS category very poorly, its not a bad game its just not CoD, a better category would be TFPS, Tactical First Person Shooter, cause thats what it is, its also a very fun and challenging game.
game-hours: 633.3
review: I loved (still love) Arma 2: CO and Arma 3 is a brilliant successor. They've added a lot of polish to the game, made movement feel much smoother, and really improved the graphics. With Steam Workshop, new content for the game is just a click away and there are some excellent user-made missions out there. Moreover, there are a ton of mods available which can change various aspects of the game. I've put more than 400 hours into Arma 3 playing and creating missions and that's just in single-player. I can't recommend the game enough to anyone who likes realistic, open-world shooters. It'll be installed on my PC for a long, long time.
game-hours: 877.5
review: Great gameplay, great visuals, sounds, and the two new islands are frankly wonderful and huge. In my opinion the most noticeable improvement since Arma 2 is that we are now evolving into some realistic and visually credible open world, as opposed to the narrow places kinda looking like more or less similar "checkpoints" in previous games. The gameplay adjusts extremely well to the new terrains, making Arma 3 something closer to an actual simulation than "just" an advanced FPS with "milsim" elements into it. However, it is impossible to talk honestly about Arma 3 without telling what hurts most: the lack of vehicles (planes notably, but not only), the lack of weapons and few annoying Ai pathfinding issues (sometimes even on places where all should normally go well). That being said, I personally can see an insanely great potential behind Arma 3, and the way it will continue to evolve will in my opinion probably make it simply one of the best game ever created. All it needs is some more time to grow up.
game-hours: 16.4
review: Definitely the best military combat simulator to date ! Simply a TRUE simulation of combat. The Pros: -Complete combat simulation(Physics taken in account at every bullet,Very realistic movement system and an extremely realistic commanding system) -Mission/Scenario Editor:Make every imaginary scenario real in the huge sandbox that is ARMA III,Which means that you get all the tools and the ability to make missions by yourself and play them afterwards.Is it pitting 100 jets of BLUFOR(friends) against 100 jets of OPFOR(enemies) and watching them fight it out as a civilian caught in crossfire or right in the action as a soldier,Or just spawning a vehicle and exploring the huge sandbox ? Yeah you can do anything ! -Huge sandbox..and when i say huge i mean HUGE.Extreme probably one of the biggest in gaming. -Steam Workshop !!! Simply the ability to upload your realistic or crazy missions online for others to share,or download masterpieces by scenario "artists" of ARMA -Mature,realistic and engaging multiplayer ! No whiny 10 year olds.This is the real deal.An engaged community with a lot of experience in the game and well-built servers The Cons: -Very heavy for your system ! Even with a high end system it will still flinch a bit on very high settings.It's the price you pay for the huge sandbox.But it's worth it ! -Lack of content at the moment.Yes at the moment you are given the huge sandbox but barely half of the stuff you had in ARMA II to play around.This involves player models,guns,vehicles etc.Though as the game goes on the developers add content periodically so no worries,though do not expect it fast.Patience over all ! -It's a hard game to get into and it targets certain audiences.What do i mean ? Well the game is overall complex so if you're looking for a game to quickly jump into ARMA III (or any ARMA in this context) is not suitable.It requires enough of your time.Next if you're looking for an alternative to games like battlefield,COD etc.You're looking at the wrong game,this is not your generic FPS this is a Military Simulation. -----Verdict|| At the moment my rating is 8/10,a good game but feels prematurely released with the lack of content ! Also not for the generic user/gamer,and not for the owner of a mediocre or weak pc.
game-hours: 584.0
review: If you havent already bought this game, its a must buy!!!! its 40% off atm get it while you can!!!
game-hours: 3.6
review: needs more quads
game-hours: 347.8
review: Pretty amazing game lots of addons and user made missions to play would reccomend 10/10
game-hours: 76.8
review: Gameplay is perfect, the idea is perfect. But expect low fps ( even on high end pc's ) Some times my gpu load drops below 20% this happens on low to ultra settings. My friends have the same problem. It happens in the city;s. Not in the open. Looks like this game can't be fixed cause the problem ik the engine were the game is build on. The only fix is a entire new engine. Like they are going to do with dayz standalone. I get 75 fps average but drops which are like in the 20's If you can live with fps drops to 25 buy it. The gameplay is the best part of arma 3. The sound is below average. Not the quality but direction of the sound is coming from
game-hours: 2.3
review: I regret buying this game. It reminds me of the sensation you get after stepping in wet puppy  while walking to the bathroom in the morning.
game-hours: 989.7
review: ArmA 3 is a good successor to ArmA2 with some great improvements to the engine, visuals, vehicles etc. Mainly I have played the Wasteland, King of the Hill and Epoch (Alpha) mods. King of the Hill being the most rewarding and enjoyable over all. I have only just dipped my toes into the campaign, however I will be doing more of it I think. With all the improvements to ArmA, you'll still get those good ole ArmA moments like clipping through walls/floors, and your vehicle exploding on contact with a weed or bush.
game-hours: 370.4
review: You don't buy crack for sometime in the future just like you dont buy Arma if you plan on going to work the next day...
game-hours: 31.8
review: Awesome game. (As long as you have an extremely powerful CPU.)
game-hours: 30.4
review: Got Arrested for standing still for too long. And got kidnapped 6 times in one hour.
game-hours: 294.6
review: The multiplayer in this game is amazing you can do almost anything. Could use a bigger variety of guns.
game-hours: 0.2
review: Feels just like call of duty
game-hours: 211.0
review: No other game offers such vast ammount of customization and replayability. So many mods to download to make the game even bigger than ever. Get some friends and have a blast.
game-hours: 323.3
review: I am doing this to level up my steam profile.
game-hours: 6.0
review: This is Petty much BF4 but more realistic.. Better Vehical machanics, Better Graphics, and Alot more recoil. I give this a solid 8/10
game-hours: 17.7
review: Battlefield 4 With bad control. 10/10
game-hours: 250.9
review: This game.... is ING BEAST No in all seriousness if you like mil sims and want realistic and fun Military game this is the game for you.... Just make sure u have a supercomputer to play it though 10/10
game-hours: 611.9
review: One of my favourite games in my library. Still has some glitches but is best to play with friends.
game-hours: 101.6
review: Terribly optimized and leaves you wondering what the difference is between this and Arma 2. The entire arma series needs an overhaul. The only keeping these games alive are player made mods. Wish Novalogic still made games.
game-hours: 345.8
review: 2fun4me
game-hours: 4.6
review: The good one
game-hours: 1353.3
review: ArmA III is a worthy successor to ArmA 2, taking the flaws of ArmA 2 and perfecting the game engine - mostly. There are still numerous bugs, AI problems, and much multiplayer FPS lag, but if you can get around these problems, this open-world sandbox military simulator is well worth the money.
game-hours: 948.4
review: The game is Great, but when I try to host my game crashes!!
game-hours: 642.2
review: Great for realism and simulation enthusiasts. But if your just buying this for wastelands or because you liked DayZ, you can promptly  off and not get this game.
game-hours: 20.1
review: AWFUL OPTIMIZATION
game-hours: 159.8
review: Arma 3 is one of my top 5 favourite games, it has 2 massives maps to play on. And millions of mod like Breaking Point, Arma 3 Life, Battle Royal and many more. Overall this game is massively awesome so why not try it out?
game-hours: 90.8
review: yes.
game-hours: 1.9
review: I thought I would love this game, but after dealing with sloppy menu systems, unoptimized game settings, and ridiculously varying quality in gameplay, I just wish I never spent the money on this. All the online gameplay shown is under incredibly set terms that you'll almost never see without dedicating a ton of time to a community with a teamspeak.
game-hours: 0.7
review: i thought sunday was a weekend day.
game-hours: 114.3
review: A great game, fun to play with friends. Honestly, I feel a bit ripped off by the lack of content provided by the developers, and the gameplay seems aimed at entertaining the Call of Duty/Battlefield FPS crowd. They continue to update it with new content, but it just doesn't hold my interest very long. Not to mention the many unrealistic features they added in to make it combat seem more "fluid and fast" If you are overflowing with $$$, and you feel like buying it, go ahead. I would not recommend buying it just yet.
game-hours: 3.0
review: Awesome graphics and plot but game's playability is very low. Controls are very hard to use. You can not change them in the way you choose. It is the worst game I ever played for 4-5 years. Really annoying just because of controls. There are universal keys like 'T' for chat or 'Y' for team chat, they are totally different. And another problem is that Bohemia uses the same strategy for their other products like DayZ. Another not recommended game for me.
game-hours: 3.0
review: is this game fail or what?
game-hours: 7.8
review: This game is probably the least fun game I've played in a long time. It tries to sell itself as a military sim, but it's as much a military sim as minecraft. Wandering an empty island for hours until you get shot by some guy six miles away is not fun. Also, 60 dollar price tag? Games like Red Orchestra 2 are so much better than this and are much cheaper. You're money is better spent elsewhere.
game-hours: 232.4
review: This game is Arma 2 only with enhanced graphics on the same buggy ing engine that hasnt been optimized for Graphics cards.In Campaign mode is the place where your fps will always be its highest. Once you join Multiplayer the FPS will drop fast than a 1990's cellphone call in a tunnel. To truely enjoy the game you have to purchase a monster eight core cpu which can go for around $800 or even $1,000 And I'll be damned if i'm gunna spend that money on a cpu to play a $60 game thats really only worth $20. If you decide to ignore this, or any of the other negative reviews or buy into the lies of the  stains you call a positive review. Then I hope you enjoyed playing arma 1 cus thats what its going to look like if you want any decent performance. The game relies heavily on CPU's which will leave you at times skipping at times that leaves you feeling like your on a laptop with an integrated nvidia 9000GT I have two ATI Radeon HD5770's I was playing with one alone I get 12 FPS after switching to Crossfire the game gets maybe an increase of 1-2 fps. Metro 2034 Last light gets more performance on one 5770. Save your money and go buy something else its not worth the cash. Why you should spend your cash elsewhere. Same buggy CPU heavy engine as in ARMA 2 . Also somewhere you may see something about realistic bullet penetration and that sort of thing. I have shot on occasion several soldiers who have needed more than 9 shots before going down at ranges near of excess of 500 + feet or meters . And you know you hit them can they twitch their bodies at 90 degree angles. The game goes by meters, a meter is 3 feet more than a yard so do that math. So it doesnt have realistic bullet penetration. Again a lousy game Same graphics only with more bloom and water reflections. You can now swim underwater and have a 2 man submarine that is unarmed except for a laser pointer. Still experiences the same crashes and glitches as Arma 2 (ITS THE SAME ING GAME) Too many mods and generic mod servers Like Wasteland, basically Dazy without zombies still terrible.
game-hours: 158.2
review: awesome
game-hours: 22.5
review: I laughed, I cried, I shot people in the face....
game-hours: 353.2
review: joo
game-hours: 40.4
review: This game is really fun i would stongly recomend it. It is good to have freinds to play with.
game-hours: 90.8
review: Arma 3 is probably one of the best games ever in my opinion. The RPG is unbeatable and people who play this game like to actully play it legit.
game-hours: 177.0
review: Do you have a monster computer? Then i would suggest checking this out because it is an amazing game. Dont have one? Then this is the laggiest POS you will ever play. They didnt really bother on the whole optimization thing, i guess its too mainstream to optimize your game. Im running a Phenom Quad Core @ 2.8Ghz, 8GB ram, and a Radeon 7770 and i have to put this game on dead low settings just to make it even possible to play. That is just ing ridiculous, when these specs allow me to play any other game at high settings. I loved Arma 2 and arma 3 improves on the series so much but the amount of power it takes to get into a decent size game just is not worth its price tag.
game-hours: 28.1
review: How could this still be this bad.. still playing arma2 witch is much better
game-hours: 43.0
review: Uses OFP engine from 10 years ago. Recommends GTX 560, I have 580 and NEVER get more than 20 fps no matter what my settings are. This game was made by dirty slavaboo gopniks who have no ing clue what they're doing.
game-hours: 114.2
review: Siis iha hullun nopee
game-hours: 60.9
review: ARMA. The most respected Mil-Sim series to date. Serious play, that's the objective. "Fun" isn't a word I would use. It's not casual, you simply can't hop in, play 15 minutes, and then hop out. The enjoyment comes from finding a server and getting to know people. Playing with them when you take on hour long missions, that's the enjoyment. First thing I have to say really, which I almost forgot about, IT'S REAL SCALE. The "maps" really should be called environments. You can't drive from one side of the island to another in minutes. The battlefield is really a battlefield. While most modern games focus on a small segment of a city, town or something, ARMA is about the openess making you sniper bait. You have to look hard for hostiles, they could be shooting at you from a hill across the valley. Performance. Was it terrible the first few days after release. Even still, AI seem to cause a drop in FPS even though they are far away. This isn't latency, this is pure frame for frame output. Never really understood how something unoptimized got pushed out. That being said, they follow Valve's ideas and push out updates for free. I play with a GTX 560Ti and Core i7 870. CPU matters, GPU matters. i3 wasn't up for the task, even with a 4GHz clock. You need an i7 or 8-core AMD heat monster to play with details. If you can push your rig, you get to see things that many don't get to see. N00bs will have a large hill to climb in regards to learning the game. 7/10
game-hours: 193.5
review: Real talk dis game keep it 3 hunna 4 real doe. arma had me like woah. str8 flexin on dem tanks boi
game-hours: 72.1
review: Brock the Rock approves.
game-hours: 136.1
review: mod breaking point dont miss it
game-hours: 49.9
review: Sick of the absurdness of the Call Of Duty franchise or the so called "realism" of the Battle franchise? Well switch to ARMA. With stunning graphics and amazing lighting effects. The realism in this game might be too much for some, but that's what the game's about, true realism. No idiot sprinting with a sniper rifle or ramming a jet at tanks here. This game is for the mature audience, not prestige 12 year olds.
game-hours: 252.6
review: This game is awesome! People actually play online, a personal favourite gamemode of mine is capture the island. This is pretty much domonation on a bigger scale. If anyone gets this game-please let me know so we can play it at some point. Also, the graphics are incredible, especially when on ultra!
game-hours: 8.1
review: This game was released in September 2013 without a single player campaign. Part 1 of 3 DLC s to add it was released in October. Its now Christmas and and whilst there has been other updates for multiplayer, the final 2 DLCs that add the missing single player campaign are no where in sight.... It will probably be years before we see them and the fan boys will consider that good service.... Personally I do not.... My advice... save your money for something else.
game-hours: 109.4
review: good game, entertaining for hours :D Still requires a lot of bug fixed though.
game-hours: 31.4
review: Very confusing controls makes it difficult to play. Definitely not worth 35.99 -_-
game-hours: 182.2
review: Best consumer grade military simulation money can buy.
game-hours: 112.5
review: this game is the best if you get it you will love so much
game-hours: 188.9
review: GG
game-hours: 454.5
review: Really good
game-hours: 111.4
review: Too advanced, and teamates will ditch you constantly. Also many framerate issues.
game-hours: 224.2
review: 10/10 would murder spouse again
game-hours: 49.9
review: Sick of the absurdness of the Call Of Duty franchise or the so called "realism" of the Battle franchise? Well switch to ARMA. With stunning graphics and amazing lighting effects. The realism in this game might be too much for some, but that's what the game's about, true realism. No idiot sprinting with a sniper rifle or ramming a jet at tanks here. This game is for the mature audience, not prestige 12 year olds.
game-hours: 55.2
review: Very good game just need to fix bugs i recommend it to all
game-hours: 39.4
review: Awsome Game ..
game-hours: 90.0
review: Awesome,simply the ultimate military simulation. Fantastic graphics and visual and pure realism. Incredible weapons feedback and perfect accuracy of balistic and physical. Many awesome user missions such as: Altis life RPG, Wasteland and many more .
game-hours: 165.7
review: I love this game.
game-hours: 158.2
review: epiq
game-hours: 205.9
review: Use your money to buy this instead of Ghosts!
game-hours: 161.2
review: Best, most realistic army game I have ever played. I strongly recommend this game to anybody who has a computer.
game-hours: 138.8
review: I ran through a mine field while in my underpants. 10/10 Seriously get this game 10/60 frames.
game-hours: 1.5
review: Very realistic game. Spot on combat, vehicular, and weapon mechanics. My complaint only complaint can only be related to possible crappy servers I have got on or my own ADD...but either way, sometimes it feels like gameplay can drag on without anything happening for an overwhelmingly extended period of time. Overall, 8/10 in my mind. If you are super into realism in war games, definite 10/10.
game-hours: 650.3
review: 10 Kart DLC advertisements out of 10.
game-hours: 372.2
review: Saw a War Movie went to play ARMA,Saw anything related to combat or warfare went to play ARMA ;) One of the most addicting Games and Military Simulation i ever Played! Endless mods packs,maps,mission and game modes! You can just can do there almost anything that refers to war and military simulation and even more than that,Starting from making missions in the editor and playing with friend,playing on public server or even joining a clan that suits you,joining a PVP server as king of the hill,free for all or just any other pvp modes also if you feel for some role play there is also some from that as well!! As i said game of endless contact that keeps expanding and getting new thing while thats being created only by the community there are also the devs that are keep updating and making the game better. As you can see i Realy recommend buying this game,worth it! :)
game-hours: 1460.9
review: Best $60 I have spent on a game. There is just so much you can do with arma right out of the package - King of the Hill, Altis Life, Wasteland etc. Then there are many options being created by community members in the form of modifications; guns, vehicles, gamemodes. If you're on the fence i suggest you just buy it. There really is a community for just about everyone in Arma.
game-hours: 34.0
review: I have to say, haven't played much, but i would recomend this game to everyone, you have to see the huge amount of things that this game offers to you, it's beautifull.
game-hours: 368.5
review: 10/10 great game, would do again -IGN
game-hours: 722.5
review: Freaking AWESOME game. Love It <3
game-hours: 178.3
review: Victor Troshka approves
game-hours: 453.1
review: This game is great. if you say its bad........ i will cut you
game-hours: 170.6
review: Get it now !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 874.4
review: An interesting game, don't buy it if you expect average close combat. Most fights take place at 100m+ distance, weapons are laser-like accurate, and the smallest map is about 5x the size of Battlefield 3's largest map. Comes with a robust mission editor and SPLENDID tactically realistic screenshot simulator (heh), the graphics are unbeatable. The campaign is pretty nice as well. +Great graphics. +Great infantry controls. +Interesting campaign, even if the storyline sucks. +Robust mission editor. +Modding tools. +Lovely aircraft sound effects, good vehicle controls. -Hates your computer, doesn't want to run well. -AI is . -No weapon resting on random objects. -Campaign ending was a cliffhanger.
game-hours: 4.7
review: TactiCOOL
game-hours: 770.2
review: Such a good game. Don't get it if you have a bad pc!
game-hours: 210.8
review: Come Join My New Server! Help me expand my Player Base and help the server become popular Arma 3 Epoch with all-terrainpack enabled. - 88.150.150.250:2382 temaspeak 3 - 85.236.100.27:19147
game-hours: 368.8
review: I usually love arma but when it crashes (happens 24 hours a day) i get so ing pissed off! and my arma just decided to think im new and it did not save my changes i did to infi. movment and ext....
game-hours: 877.6
review: Best game for multiple reasons: The singleplayer is actually good which I did not imagine. The variety of multiplayer servers and game mode is amazing and can do so much, like role playing, taking over an objective and some other stuff. The differences between this and arma 3 is so different, like scuba diving gear and . Anyway, overall, I think you should get this game if you are debating it but you may need a good rig to run it.
game-hours: 2171.8
review: Fantastic Game ... Best Mil Sim game i ever palyed !! :D
game-hours: 217.8
review: ArmA 3 FPS
game-hours: 145.6
review: bsta spelet! :D
game-hours: 136.7
review: i looooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooove this game its the best
game-hours: 13.2
review: This game has destroyed my life, graphics are amazing, im addiceted, halp, Plz stahp the fun, i got like to many hours, #PRAY4CONOR
game-hours: 8.8
review: I love this game,It's make me feel like a solider in a big, very big battlefield
game-hours: 40.6
review: Sweet stuff
game-hours: 72.6
review: Great game
game-hours: 3.0
review: Let me tell ya sth bout this gaem... 1) ITS 10/10 for noscoping noobs thats think that bcz they are good att BF and COD they are good at any game. 2) 15fps on LOW in a City still worth, not playable but WORTH 3) graphics, meh...id go for full high no matter whats your PC your so or so not gonna have good fps even on low so why watch sh*t when you can watch the 10/10 graphics 4) engine, meh you cant jump... still 10/10 10/10 would play again if it wasnt for decync and my sh*t net
game-hours: 39.1
review: Cool game, VERY complicated controls. Do not attempt with a controller and be prepared to spend hours learning which keys do what.
game-hours: 148.8
review: great game to play with your friends
game-hours: 52.2
review: What can I say about this game , Good points is that its very modable and enjoyable with or with out mods , but this game comes to light when it has mods installed . Bad point about the game is the stamina bar as seems the devs had so unfit poor soul run his  off as seems if you run more then 50 m you cant hit thing beacuse of your scope bouncing around all over the place when you stop . But overall it great game to play and the task force radio mod is must adds more depth and realism
game-hours: 764.6
review: ArmA 3 is a awesome game, 10/10. Many cools mods and game modes to play online and the single player is fair fun.
game-hours: 648.1
review: Absolutely love this friggin game!
game-hours: 423.1
review: best war simulation game ever
game-hours: 116.3
review: It is like real war with slightly worse FPS in multiplayer.
game-hours: 311.8
review: Very fun game, big guns and big toys to play with
game-hours: 186.0
review: This is The Best Game i've ever seen ! xD
game-hours: 18.0
review: ArmA3 brings me back to the original OpFlash games, with slightly less clunky feeling controls. They were always the downfall in these games. I know the "Simulation" that these games are trying to offer do exhibit what would be deemed as clunky controls, but ArmA3 strikes a great balance between realism and gameplay.
game-hours: 200.7
review: Shooty shooty good, driving okay, flying hard. 10/10 bullets either tickle or are fired near you and you die.
game-hours: 136.8
review: Arma 3 does not have time to teach you how to play it. It does not have time to help you find someone to play with. It lacks the common decency to provide a story, of any kind, at release. Bohemia Interactive's sandbox military simulation series began life in 2001 as Operation Flashpoint: Cold War Crisis before the developer retconned its own title, renaming the series Arma. Updating the game for modern PC players was a tall order, and after four long years of development Arma 3 still isn't done. Bohemia Interactive made the decision to release it anyway. Arma 3 may be the most challenging, and the most rewarding, online shooter I have ever played. But it's missing key components  most damning of all a single-player campaign. As a result, it feels more like a huge demo than a finished product.
game-hours: 153.0
review: If you want to real reality you must play this game! It's wonderfull...
game-hours: 226.3
review: I would recommend the game as played with friends. Campaign alone for example is ing pain in the . The AI companions are  and enemies seem to be at most points superhumans. I mean they aim ridicilously well and they see even the slightest movement in a bush from one click away. I mean, seriously? Then you drop player alone in the middle of these superhumans. "Fun, eh?" Well yeah, if your ing physics would actually work and the forest and bushes would ACTUALLY COVER SOMETHING. I played OPF series from the start and ARMA series from the start, but this campaign and the AI in it is the absolutely worst. But in the other hand when played with friends (with A LOT OF FRIEDS) it is a good game. Player versus player massive multiplayer matches are fun. Their little ing  campaign is not.
game-hours: 434.7
review: Awsome game pritty nice grapics ran on full blast fps around 30 but will need a beafy computer to run it on full grapic but i really wish they could combine all arma 2 oa weapons and vehicles into this game and THEN it would be the best arma to me.
game-hours: 128.2
review: its arma 3 a simulator you can simulate everything from real live to ARMAgedon nice grafics nice gameplay 9/10 almost perfect
game-hours: 257.2
review: So this one is a weird one. On the one hand this game can be an amazing amount of fun whilst playing several different mods already integrated into the system. It is some of the most tense fun ive had in a strategic FPS. The game also looks pretty dang good, On the other hand this game screams BETA, with bugs a plenty lack of many features that was avilible in arma 2. For example bi-pod integration still hasnt been going in. That alongside the DLC being added even though the game is extremely unpolished. Simply put: arma 3 is great but also a big dissapointment from me. 6.5/10 p.s performance is still a huge problem for many people so make sure you can run it!
game-hours: 170.6
review: I have played this game for around 130 hours now and i just extremely enjoy it. Here are some pros and cons. + In-depth combat + Realistic + Infantry, Ground, Water, and Air combat + A  ton of mods + A  ton of custom missions + All the DLC is basically free. (every new feature will be available for everyone. While you cannot drive certain vehicles, you will be able to ride them as passenger. And when there will be new features like the ability to slingload cargo, you can do it as well without paying for the DLC.) - The game doesnt run that well, even on the highest-end machines you most likely won't get more than around 50 fps. - There arent that much servers, gamemodes like Altis Life seem to have taken over the server list, resulting in a low amount of co-op missions. So expect to bring friends to this if you would like to play missions online. - The game's performance is heavily decided by the server. If the server laggs you will not only get lagg, but a low framerate as well. Here are some final ratings as well: Gameplay / Fun = 9/10 Replayability = 10/10 Performance = 6/10 DLC = 8/10 Servers = 5/10
game-hours: 63.3
review: Mooie game leuke gamemodes en vermakkelijk!
game-hours: 121.2
review: Arrested for cooking meth 10/10
game-hours: 131.0
review: A well made military simulator with a great community. The game puts you right in the action during those tense moments when the bullets flying around you could kill you in one or two hits, making every battle decision worth thinking over. Missions with a team could never be more realistic then when you are just a band of gamers who have never met before, hunched over your computers and just barely making a dent in the OPFOR forces. Even when you are on the move to the action, the game still keeps your attention. The moments when you are completely oblivious, then suddenly ragdoll to the ground with the respawn screen popping up really teach you to be aware. Overall, ArmA III is an amazing game that made a lasting impression on me, considering I'm new to the series. Originally buying it to play Altis Life, I soon found the rich treasure trove of content this game holds.
game-hours: 127.6
review: A fantastic game which hold countless hours of gameplay and stories and funtimes :DDDD
game-hours: 18.3
review: ArmA 3. Game where you need instincts turned ON! In this game when you are in team. You need to work as a team. Leaving your teamates = death. In this game there is no 3 seconds behind wall and fight again. No! When you are shot, you need to heal yourself, conserver ammo. Who loves games that are hard, but giving you a big satisfaction. Then buy ArmA 3. If your bored waiting 3 secons behind cover and go to fight. Buy Arma 3. Map' (there are 2 island) is that huge that even maps of BF with CoD are 1/4 size of it.There are many weapons, vechiles, armors. This is called War! Do you know defition of War? No? I will tell you. It's ArmA! <3
game-hours: 1203.1
review: As a combat veteran my opinion in' matters. I give this game 5 Hooahs outta 5 Hooahs.
game-hours: 331.4
review: english no good. hard to get bored playing is game. easy to get hard playing this game.
game-hours: 1260.4
review: This game is now my child.
game-hours: 33.5
review: After the great Operation Flashpoint (Now Arma: Cold War Assault) the first two ArmAs where not THAT great, but still very good and I enjoyed playing them for a long time. Arma 3 is my favourite part of the trilogy, thanks to a good and thrilling campaign (much better than CoD or BF) and the ArmA formula, that perfectly works now. AI does what you want, their aim is very good and they are very helpful. Enemy seeks cover and is a real threat, which makes the missions very thrilling. Like in the first three Rainbow Six or the first Ghost Recon. The campaign feels very tense, like Operation Flashpoint or the Addon Resistance and I really enjoyed it. The game runs perfect on my two year old PC and it is sure beautiful. The sound is also very good and the rifles dont sound like toyguns which adds to the war atmosphere. Voice acting is great too. The controls are a bit difficult to master at first if you havent played the other games of the series, but you get there with a little practice. The new item system is also very good and now you can quick and easy change weapons, put attachments on your rifle or grab some other gear. Overall this game is one of my favourite games of all time and its a true masterpiece and thanks to the community you have tons of content for free. Get it and enjoy it! :-)
game-hours: 4.0
review: I disobeyed my 12 Year Old Commanders orders and mortared our supply station.
game-hours: 217.7
review: GIVE ME THIS GAME FOR FREE PLEASEEEEEE
game-hours: 678.0
review: best
game-hours: 322.5
review: 8/8 m8
game-hours: 434.5
review: its best game na
game-hours: 324.4
review: Najs game with good fjetures swenglish
game-hours: 305.3
review: This game is one of the best I've ever played on PC. Amazing player interaction and very realistic gameplay. This game took military simulations to a whole new level. Definetly worth it.
game-hours: 120.1
review: A nice game, but not optimised for AMD-multicore users. I'm a big ARMA fan, but its unplayable on my PC. (5-20 FPS) AMD FX-8120 Black Edition GTX780 8 Gb RAM Probably the game uses one core most of the time. There are a lot of such called "tweaks" but they all have the placebo effect. Please Bohemia, fix it. When you have an decent Intel processor, this game runs better. Still thumbs up for the game.
game-hours: 459.5
review: Make arma not war! arma is the best military simulator out there! You will not believe the hours you can throw away at this game while playing the endless multiplayer servers such as life! - in which nothing can compete!!! Grab some friends and join a server, only then shal you understand! Brilliant. 9/10
game-hours: 167.9
review: A fun game, well can be fun, if played with the right people on the right servers on the right game mode... have fun!!
game-hours: 122.0
review: it is a cool game i like it =)
game-hours: 57.4
review: This is my first time playing the Arma series and I must say this game has changed my perspective of military-style FPS games. The realism is phenomenal and it keeps me coming back for more. Huge learning curve when trying to remember all the commands associated to the game which can get frustrating at times but once you get handle on those it's a lot easier. Outside of that, this game has something going whether it's the close-to-reality gameplay or all the other mods you can discover or the required teamwork needed to be succesful in crushing your opponent. Hands down my favorite game currently in my library.
game-hours: 136.1
review: Absolutely love this game so far! Spent hours and hours only on A3Wasteland and I have yet to try other mods with friends! Optimizing the game for good FPS is a little tricky (considering I'm running 2x 970s in SLI and a 4790k...) but once you hit the sweet-spot in the settings menu, you are ready to go. Like any other games by Bohemia Interactive, it takes a while to grasp the controls and over-all feel of the game. Having previously played over 400 hours of Standalone, I thoroughly enjoy the vehicle and base-building aspects of game modes like A3Wasteland (Atha & DADDY) which is a hell of an experience when playing in a small or even large group. I recommend the [AMG] A3Wasteland Par Antha & DADDY server as I have enjoyed every second on that server. Overall: 9/10.
game-hours: 350.9
review: after you play this game ones ..you will never play another
game-hours: 95.2
review: Best game EVER !!!!!!!
game-hours: 1174.4
review: Great game you wil have countless hours of fun just with the regular arma 3. Getting bored? Thats fine just jump on a multiplayer server like altis life and you will be able to get many more hours of fun! just make sure your pc can handle it.
game-hours: 78.9
review: Ist Guten! Ja ja ja ja ja!
game-hours: 25.3
review: k
game-hours: 1307.5
review: Amazing military sim! Endless expansion posibilities, and already plentiful mods!
game-hours: 307.1
review: SIKK
game-hours: 48.8
review: Bohemias gone to immense effort to create real, immersive environments for Arma 3. Across two sprawling islands youll find all kinds of terrain, from salt-flats to forests to stretches of rocky coastline. Even without a directed experience, just spawning into those maps is a pleasurable experience, letting you explore and discover some amazing virtual places. Arma 3 is also that rare  these days  game that will push all but the most powerful PC hardware. It looks amazing even on older systems, but if you want to crank it up at eye-bleeding resolutions youre going to see performance loss.
game-hours: 270.0
review: One of my favourite Games ever: definitely my favourite shooter, Almost all of my hours have been placed into Wasteland survival and just practising my helo skills - If you are to pick this game up be aware that there is a steep learning curve and practically every key has a function. I've put 100's of hours into many aspects of the game, and i've still only scratched the surface. One thing i'm eagerly anticipating is the arrival of the 2017 mod which is a Dayz esce revamp of the game, focused more so on surviving then Wasteland.
game-hours: 391.8
review: Love this game amazing game to play meet new friends hang out with friends i would recommend this game to everyone i knew.
game-hours: 801.1
review: ArmA is an awesome game for anyone who is annoyed by all those mainstream shooters and would like to take on a challenge. It is also great for anyone wanting to get involved into modding! I highly recommend it! It's one of the most fun games to play I have seen yet! Now, I know ArmA has it's flaws, and the longer you look at it, the more you find where you can say "Hey! That could have been done better!" or "Why didn't they implement it? It's a simple feature". But when you look at the good parts of the game, you see that those outnumber the bad stuff, really much. Facts regarding above mentioned: -A3 Dev Team: 60 ppl (compare: DayZ Dev Team: >100 ppl ; explains bugs, missing stuff) -A3 used new content (A2's models were ~5years old, from BI's cancelled Game#2; explains "lack of content") -A3 was meant to be "ArmA Futura" (explains future, and "unrealistic" setting) -Source:
game-hours: 970.8
review: Only game I really play on steam now. Highly recommend getting it if you like realism in games
game-hours: 713.0
review: A very good game,still needs some work on it. I love the arma games and this is the best yet. Keep up the great work guys.
game-hours: 411.1
review: Great game!!!!
game-hours: 354.2
review: GOOD
game-hours: 1.0
review: i love hand cuffing people and making them bow down and kiss my feet.
game-hours: 572.1
review: This game is awesome, I have logged more hours into this game than any other game.
game-hours: 97.4
review: epic...
game-hours: 934.3
review: Great game without mods. EVEN BETTER WITH MODS! MY FAVORITE MODS ARE TFAR AND ACRE!
game-hours: 31.9
review: Great game for hardcore gamers cant wait for what more is to come in this game
game-hours: 600.8
review: Arma 3 Roleplay *Hey COP where can i get mary* 10 out 10 and in all serious VERY good No VERY GREAT!
game-hours: 1377.6
review: Who doesn't love ARMA? :D
game-hours: 102.9
review: At first, I realized that my gaming PC could not run Armo 3. I spent years becoming a doctorate graduate in theoretical physics to have access to a supercomputer. The supercomputer was able to achieve an astonoshing -1 fps, something I didn't think was possible. As a result, it divided by zero and the universe collapsed. 6.9/10, would play again.
game-hours: 125.6
review: Super fun to play with friends. Would definately recommend.
game-hours: 149.6
review: Loving this game, favorite game type to play is King of the Hill. Highly recommended!
game-hours: 958.9
review: A lot of fun in general and a whole bunch of awesome mods.
game-hours: 722.9
review: I have been looking for a game like ArmA 3 since I started with shooters. I always thought Call Of Duty, or Battlefield 3/4 was the most simulated you could get without really going to war. This game is war. This simulator requires players to really try, it is not a run and gun game, you do that, you die. You need to be tactical, aware of your surrondings, and be prepared for anything, from a fireteam of men, to a sniper team, to tanks sitting on the hilll line. Everything about this game is amazing. Grapihc are awesome, if you can run them on normal or higher, the AI, and ragdolling could use some work. One con of this game is the AI, sometimes there smart, sometimes there dumb. They can get hit with a grenade at point blank range, break there legs, lay down and bandage, then get up and run away. Over all, 20/10, would recommend to anyone who wants a good shooting simulator.
game-hours: 243.8
review: Game is easily wroth the money, the story mode keeps you on your toes, the online... well what can i say if get tired of one game mode theres lots of other to try, then the workshop add that much more to the game, A great game wroth the buy!
game-hours: 460.0
review: Best millitary game sim ever!
game-hours: 212.7
review: Not worth the 60 bucks but i find its graphics to be a very nice upgrade to arma 2
game-hours: 81.9
review: briefcase flung me in air n kill me 11/10 wud buy again
game-hours: 54.5
review: I love this game. I transport drugs and sell this for money to buy more drugs :D
game-hours: 0.5
review: its fun game with the rite guys lol
game-hours: 0.6
review: Epic: War battles.Ck# It Out
game-hours: 699.3
review: I have spent quite a long time playing this game and developing for it. Pros: Graphics Systems (Weapon attchements Ect.) Combat Vehicles Feal More Realistic Physics are 100 times better than Arma 2 Cons: Feals Incomplete Mods Almost Feal neccesarry for vetran amra fans Paid DLC On a Small Scale Arma 2 DLC inluded weapons features maps and a new campaign not 2 helicopters and a sling system. Community Has went downhill since the introduction of DAYZ in arma 2 but has improved snce standalone. Mod Support Still hasnt improved Performance Multiplayer DeSync OverView: I love arma and i allways will but the new DLC system and lack of content left a bad taste in my mouth but overall the game holds up to its features and premise of a arma game just expect to downoad alot of mods for those AK's and AR,s you like. 8 Out of 10 For this game Time logged when this review was posted is 615 Hours of ingame time.
game-hours: 600.9
review: Mad Game, lots of fun, heaps of content.
game-hours: 127.0
review: One of the BEST Tactical Shooters on Market! 9.9/10 EDIT: DLC Policy! really ed up! pay'd 60 for that game, now they want 12,99 for 2 helicopters?!
game-hours: 38.0
review: I like it.
game-hours: 70.3
review: make even less friends than in arma 2 since more people play it and they don't want you on the helecopters even if you promise you'll be nice
game-hours: 147.7
review: Got Kidnapped by a gang called "ISIS", they forced me to rob a bank with them, then took me into the mountains and made me fill up their helicopter with heroin and cocaine. When I was done, they got ready to "sacrafice me for Allah", just as they were about to kill me, they police showed up on mass, and killed them all. One of the commanders had responded to my desperate texts, he gave me some food and a free backpack. The system works, would get kidnapped again. 10/10
game-hours: 17.3
review: Played it for some time when it was free BEST GAME EVA if ya have the muneyz buy this! :) it has allot of mods to so :*
game-hours: 165.0
review: So fresh, so clean!
game-hours: 652.5
review: Mods + ArmA = <3
game-hours: 119.5
review: liked it but was annoyed by the lack of content compared to arma 2 i love arma 2 but arma 3 is a disapointment compare many features of arma 2 to the lack in arma 3 i like the workshop but i needs more with the base game
game-hours: 47.6
review: Got together with some friends, decided that our lives were limited to picking cocaine. Nothing else in life was working. Girlfriends dumped us, failed out of school, in debt to the government. Now I am living the life, got ourselves some vehicles, a warehouse, started a gang and are now ruling the streets with a force. Enough so that now instead of just blasing " Da Police," we are literally ING them. 11/10
game-hours: 389.5
review: Best Military Simulation right now. Not the best Game Engine (needs good CPU), but very rewarding and much more in dept and challenging than CoD or BF. I really like this games and all the mods it has to offer from the great community. Most fun for me is being gunner in a big tank, flying a jet or cleaning towns on foot with teammates. Recommend for everyone that likes playing in a team and has some friends to play with.
game-hours: 7.3
review: Totes amaze. 11/10
game-hours: 322.5
review: 8/8 m8
game-hours: 434.5
review: its best game na
game-hours: 324.4
review: Najs game with good fjetures swenglish
game-hours: 21.8
review: Great Upgrade from arma 2. Highly Recommend!
game-hours: 0.2
review: The game is awesome very realistic army simulator.
game-hours: 38.8
review: This game is one of the best games I have ever played. It beats CoD and Battlefield by a long shot. The only problem I have with this game is that it crashes alot on lap tops :(
game-hours: 480.2
review: Very nice game !
game-hours: 244.9
review: Figured out how to use the new firing positions. Then figured out you could use them to break dance. 10/10
game-hours: 54.1
review: Arma 3's features in comparison to the previous Arma is sustantial. NPCs no longer have extremely odd path finding patterns, and animations are much smoother. The recorded voices for commands and such are more lively and smoother. NPC Dialogue or qeued dialoge seems more in-tone with the situation. Command voices for specific objectives run smoothly, and actually sound more pleasent. Bohemia Interactive really showed what they can do this time. 5/5
game-hours: 245.5
review: great game fun playing with friends and just having fun
game-hours: 307.1
review: One of my favorite games on Steam. Has a great variety of ways to play (both in gamemodes and roles). Sounds great and looks great. Only negative thing I can say is that some servers don't restart often enough, leaving the server a bit laggy.
game-hours: 113.8
review: my lav got explode by a tente 10/10
game-hours: 0.4
review: I dont even own this game 22/10 its okay :IGN
game-hours: 158.4
review: I cant write reviews but here is an interesting fact: 5 in 4 people dont understand statistics.
game-hours: 52.0
review: 11/10
game-hours: 0.6
review: great gramficks
game-hours: 37.7
review: gg
game-hours: 652.8
review: Amazing game. hours of fun played on this and many more to come.
game-hours: 551.4
review: I have heard many things about this game such as its poorly optimized or it's too laggy. Yes it is poorly optimized in some situations but when it comes to graphics, knowyour computer specs and dont argue when it lags because you bought the game without looking at your computer specs and noticing their bad. In my opinion this game is very fun. It is a very realistic game because crashing a car that your in will hurt you. Getting shot in the head will kill you. When sniping there is bullet drop. I love this game not only for its graphics, but mostly for the gameplay. I will note that I reccomend having friends to play with on the game because it's not so fun alone. Well at least there are some nice people in the game, others willbe totlal douches as a teamate. I love to play gamemodes such as King of the Hill, Wasteland, and Battle Royal but not so much. I will rate this game a 8.25/10 due to the lag even on low setting. Also if you have the settings too low for your computer, the game will lag, I can play this game at 50FPS on ultra settings.
game-hours: 208.4
review: Like Skyrim with infidels
game-hours: 2188.2
review: After 400 hrs playing ARMA3 i find it exciting and challenging, the editor is another world on its own, then theres muitiplay a whole lot af different roleplay . From police ,dedic,rebel and even sell body parts . I give it a 10 as far as rpg go.
game-hours: 194.1
review: luv it
game-hours: 38.7
review: This game is fun to play with friends or by your self. There are lots of game modes you can download and install such as: Battle Royal,Wastland,Altis Life ext. If you are bored of playing multiplayer (Dont know how you would be) you could play the campain or play some of the show cases. 10/10
game-hours: 109.4
review: If you like Shooter games with diffrent game modes and the army theme then this is the game for you
game-hours: 27.2
review: very good, poorly optimized, but very good
game-hours: 1712.4
review: I don't even know why I keep playing this game. 10/10
game-hours: 28.1
review: Hello ARMA i will just go streight on and say it's a good game worth evry 'penny of the money they ask for .
game-hours: 59.7
review: Great game for anyone looking for a realistic war game. Probably the closest thing you'll actually get to shooting people. 10 potatoes/10 mushrooms.
game-hours: 60.5
review: Le gpu strong need yes
game-hours: 150.5
review: Game is a buggy piece of  and doors will kill you, however you will also sink more hours than you mean to in this game simply because it's a an amazing game!
game-hours: 62.5
review: Great game just make sure your PC can handle it
game-hours: 800.2
review: Fun, tactical interesting war simulator. Variety of online/singleplay gameplay!
game-hours: 92.2
review: Quite frankly, the ultimate first-person, military simulator. This is a true PC game with a modding community to match. Mad props to Bohemia for such an excellent successor to ARMA 2.
game-hours: 113.2
review: I will rate this game very 5 ways VERY SPECIFICLLY: 1. 5 points for physics/ballistics (very life like) 2. 5 points for gameplay/style (if your looking for that real gritty down to earth COMBAT experiance this is your game) 3. 4 points for diversity ( from weps, vehicle, guns, its not too much and not too little. just right although perhaps a few more rifles) 4. 4 points for tactical (in order to be succesful you must work as a team in this game, i didnt give it 5 because of the lack of communication quality between squads) 5. 1 point for optimization( HORRIBLE HORRIBLE optimization. Good or bad pc we all basically get the same level of performance wth higher end pc's pbvoiusly getting a LITTLE TINY bit better performance) this is the major flaw which can kill this game for some. FORTUNATLY for ME i have a pretty powerful rig so i can opt out 31-37 fps in cities with 75+ people online. which in all honesty is RIDICULOUS but boehemia is what it is. MY HONEST OPINION: If you sick of disney-like run and gun war games liek BF4 or COD and want a more real play experience \, i'd reccomend this game HIGHLY. +=+WARNING+=+ If you think you are going to get amazing graphics AND above 40 FPS (LOL) you are either nuts or rich. You WILL need the TOP OF THE LINE n i mean at least $2500 rig to run this game MAX at 60fps. but you can still run it at Mediumhighish and hope to get 30fps. well good luck and make the best descision.
game-hours: 29.4
review: Was told not to run over goats with truck. Did it anyway. 10/10
game-hours: 495.1
review: 11/10 Ruined my entire life. Arma will ruin every single military shooter on the planet for you. If you are looking for a game that will completely cut you off from civilization, Arma is the game for you!
game-hours: 491.3
review: gr8
game-hours: 44.2
review: good game im just starting to play the story but for some rerason when i try to play on a atlis life server i lag out and get disconnected.
game-hours: 303.2
review: I love dis   game
game-hours: 1400.0
review: Key moments in arma 3: I drove my tiny SUV infront of a much large truck and watched it spin off the road and crash, causing it to explode. I was being pushed around by a large army truck telling me to "f*ck off this is my airfield". So naturally, I got my truck, punctured his front wheels and drove off as he helplessly tried to shoot the back of my car. Was playing on an altis life server, I just spawned in and saw a cop car drive up next to me and two cops walked out pointing their guns at a rule-breaker. They left their car door open, I couldn't help myself. I continued to get chased by at least 3 police vehicles and eventually a helicopter until my poor driving skills caused me to crash and burn. The police chopper didn't benefit much, it tried to land near me to arrest me but its tail hit a building and the heli crashed. Good times. 10/10 - Was bad at arma. Then I got a tank.
game-hours: 103.7
review: I only play the multiplayer. Addictive and time consuming, but worth it. So many map and server style choices to choose from, its hard to stick to just one.
game-hours: 54.5
review: Best rpg game 11/10
game-hours: 212.9
review: Arma 3, another great hit after the Arma 2 from Bohemia Interactive. Great open-world game. Graphics are quite good, with the gameplay and game mechanics. Another feature for this game it is a huge target for modders. Contains many fun modes, as well many co-op modes and multiplayer modes. One of the more popular is the Battle Royal mod. And also the campain is very interesting. On the other hand, the bad things are mostly the optimisation. It's open-world and good graphics come at a heavy price. Takes a good computer to have a full expirience.
game-hours: 60.5
review: Great Game, 9/11
game-hours: 194.3
review: 10/10 would be a rabbit again
game-hours: 433.2
review: Game is  8/8
game-hours: 96.3
review: The most complex and realistic Tactical Military Shooter ... once ghost recon went down the tubes after ghost recon 1 this filled the void for me and gets allot of my attention and game time :)
game-hours: 144.9
review: I have now been playing ARMA3 for a few weeks or months (Time flies when you're having fun) and it is one of my favourite purchases on Steam. I had ARAM2 and AO (then modded Dayz), so i figured, Why the hell not. For the past 5-10 years i have been more so a fan of multi-player gaming over single-player, thought i thought to myself, i will try this one single first, mainly due to the fact i wanted to know how smooth it ran. Graphics up pretty much full, played it and had an average framerate more than 30FPS, so all is good. I have a little play of single player and start to pick it up. Game looks great. Few Km of open sandbox.Can't complain. I try joining a server. Stratis Wasteland. 70 players, smaller map then the main one. (19.3km or something i think). Spawn in and streight away i head some explosions and firing. Luckily enough on my first go online, i managed to take out the two guys firing and loot a vehicle. Nice rifle and a nightstalker scope. I just sat in a bush, my sights scimming around and taking out the odd players 1 by 1. Night time comes, Change scope to thermals. Beautiful. Hiding up a hill, sat in a bush, with a thermal scope and another 2 clips if ammo to use. I felt how sadistic i had become. Beautiful. This was just wasteland mode. However there are many other modes. Altis RP i would say is the most populated. A role play island where a player will need to gain licenses, buy weapons, vehicles. Basically it's what GTA online would be like. I reccomend picking up some scenarios from the workshop, such as Whole lotta altis and whole lotta stratis. as we as some of the mission generators. If you're amazing at CoD. Don't expect to be amazing at this. This is a real game and does require a lot of skill and thought. No running in expecting to kill 30 in a row.
game-hours: 91.9
review: loved this game from day one, now 6 months later i still love it
game-hours: 225.6
review: I Strongly recommend getting this game to anyone that has a good PC and enjoys the likes of battlefield and maybe Call of Duty and anyone that has previously owned a AmrA Game
game-hours: 582.1
review: Very fun, few FPS issues, but they don't effect it in a mayjor way. Community support is great, developers listen to bug reports. Very wide varity of game modes.
game-hours: 198.7
review: Knocked a guy out, Stole his kidney then sold it for drug money and got arrested. 11/10 would steal a kidney again
game-hours: 8.7
review: Best game ever!!!!!!!
game-hours: 42.6
review: A great itteration to the ArmA series, The new game engine makes the game run alot smoother than the ArmA 2 engine and keeps the graphical fidelity higher than before. A very fun experience and a must have for MilSim or ArmA lovers alike.
game-hours: 416.8
review: The best ever! Arma Life is my favorite.
game-hours: 1574.5
review: best game ever made i give this game a 11/10 gamemodes that are the best wasteland a badass action pvp war game mode Altis life my personal fav. i have my own server wich is going amazing patrol ops a realism task gamemode all life gamemodes so buy this game if you really want to have a great time and meet new ppl from around the world
game-hours: 0.9
review: Played 5 mins really good :)
game-hours: 2850.4
review: I don't think I enjoyed Arma At first because I had to overhall the pc,Not the biggest fan of low fps. After I achieved +30 fps constantly, I was in love with this game. Coming from HL mod CS, dedication to a game is at my heart and this now holds the title as my current game with 2k hrs and counting. And just remember the Wiki page supported by Bi-studios if you get lost, nothing is exluded down to additional memory allocators and how to use them Just a thought, if you plan on those jumping no scope flick shots, rememer this is a military simulator, Not DukeNukem Meets Modern battle field where rewards come to those who out smart and out maneuver their opponent.
game-hours: 260.1
review: Play on a life server and get yelled at by a 10 year old admin
game-hours: 297.9
review: What mods i think should be in the game: ACRE, for radio comms. AllInArma Terrain Pack  This brings over the Arma 2 & Arma 1 terrains. ShackTac mods, including STHUD, STGI, STNT, STACRE Volume, ST Bunnyhop, ST Interact, ST Map Autobrightness, ST Idle Anim Fix, ST Contour Enable RH M4s and HLC weapon packs Killochs Multi-National Force uniforms MBG Killhouses, MRB Voice Stop, Taosenais paper map, VTS Weapon Rest. What They do: This should be in the game, Cold War Weapons, Some Buildings, ShackTac Mods, All ArmAs Terrains/Maps, ACRE for a good VOIP, and a ALOT of National Forces (with Uniforms and Gear) MRB Voice Stop, stops/reduces the RADIO CHAT from AI; Paper map it's a HANDed Map and VTS Weapon REST for Weaponing RESTING. Thanks for Reading =)
game-hours: 191.3
review: I loved this game when my computer was good after about 6 months or so the game started crashing and getting low frames but before my computer turned into poo I loved this game but soon my time with the game was over ans wasnt able to play anymore if you want to take the risk take it. If you think this game is cool the review aren't stopping you buy it!
game-hours: 6.2
review: best military simulation ever
game-hours: 7.1
review: love it 10/10
game-hours: 55.4
review: Forget Battlefield and Call of Duty, Arma is as good as it gets when it comes to military based gameplay. The best Army simulation I have played to date with such a wide variety of game modes, both modded and vanilla. I highly recommend that you purchase this game if you havent done already, you wont regret it.
game-hours: 69.4
review: Best game NA why you no buy you scrubarino? :D
game-hours: 156.0
review: this game is so much fun to play with freinds
game-hours: 168.9
review: i won a firefight in the middle of the night chilling out in limeri bay and it lasted 3 hours 10/10
game-hours: 474.9
review: I know it says recommended, but if you have no patience or toleration for bugs, crashes, and a large amount of trolls and hackers don't get this game. That being said, if you are ok with dealing with a un-optimized, buggy, but AWESOME game: it is best to wait for a sale because $60 is a large amount of money. But if you are seriously considering getting the game read below. | | | | \ / \ / \/ \ / Now to that you have the game start to familiarze yourself with the gameplay, but don't get too frustrated because they can be a bit wonky if you have never played a tactical shooter. Once you do this, there are two big player bases to this game: RP (roleplayers) and MIlsimers (hardcore tactical military simulation). I am a mixture between the two but I can't say I'm more towards one or the other. If you like the sound of doing roleplay and want to jump right in, find a good Altis life server my favortite is CGIs server. Oh wait you don't like roleplaying but you really want to be a hardcore milsim player then my suggestion is to find an 'online military unit'. The 15th MEU is a good one as I know a few people that are members. With many of these military simulation units there are age limits, it is usually 17 but all communities are different. I really hope this review helped some people decide if this game is right for them as there are many people that absolutly hate the game and then there are people that are completely adiccted to it and play nothing else.
game-hours: 182.0
review: Wasteland for days son. <3
game-hours: 89.4
review: I have always loved the Arma series and always will but here is my review. Pros -great graphics -great story -workshop compatibility -easy to mod -great voice acting -great animations -great textures -visually pleasing gun models Cons -poor optimization 100000000000000/10 would buy 5 more times
game-hours: 450.4
review: People that make mods for this game do a better job than the devs. 10/10
game-hours: 1318.6
review: Definately a must buy An effective one sentence summary from ol'mate squinty, here it goes - "An diverse amount of servers offering different missions, RPG (similair to GTA although with cops), Tac realism (really leaves you on a cliffhanger) and many more, but most importantly, Arma 3 has one of the best communities I have ever been a part of, every TS is welcoming" - Squinty
game-hours: 398.9
review: Fav game <3
game-hours: 664.1
review: The most joy you will get from this game isn't in the playing itself, but instead the creating of your own custom content and seeing others enjoy it.
game-hours: 1632.2
review: I've played it every once in a while. Would recommend
game-hours: 42.6
review: Best Simulator game I've ever played.
game-hours: 42.9
review: Better than ninja Gaidon on hardmode
game-hours: 1591.8
review: Kim Il-sung approved for NK populace
game-hours: 18.2
review: A true life like of experience of war is to be had in this game Certainly the conflicts of the Middle East are encapsulated in the King of the Hill servers. Driving around in your 200 dollar rented pick up truck, not really knowing where you are going, you squint awkwardly into the horizon; then you zoom in with your scope because you realize you are dumb. Seeing little dots appearing you suddenly hear the distinct crack of gun fire. Being the smallest of the three factions you barrel out knowing the overwhelming s***t flinging powers of even just a small detachment of enemies. The gunner fires wildly as the tires blow out and the car smashes into a wall. He is now dead. The passenger attempts to fix the car whilst you take over the gun, firing randomly into the distance until the shooting stops The car is fixed, you are still alive. You make it into town and rendezvous with your comrades. The truck stops as an rpg slams into it, exploading and killing all inside. You are dead. You respawn and do it all again.
game-hours: 1067.1
review: Coming from Day Z standalone, this game was a new and exciting transition. This game brings up alot of mixed feelings from my time in military service; but humanizes it all in goofy and offbeat player to player combat. the balistics are pretty on point for small arms and heavier weapons; and the tutorial & story mode can be beneficial to all who are new or experienced. I have never met so many young and old players who cooperate more and utilize military terminology, communication, direction and land navigation to enhance my total gaming experience. From gathering a stockpile of marijuana on altis life rpg to spotting a target's range for indirect fire or close air support; Arma 3 has very little in terms of flaws; but it is those small flaws and minor server glitches that add even more to the fun variable.
game-hours: 280.4
review: This game is definently worth the money. With gameplay ranging from straight out deatmatch, wasteland, Altis life, KOTH, and Zeus, Arma 3 brings a whole new style to first (and third) person shooters. Though there are a  of bugs, in a way, it kinda makes the game. I have had so many countless omments just bursting out laughing at what my friends and I call "Arma Physics", and I feel the bugs are usually hillarious. Finally, don't play campaign. If you wan't a good campaign, buy something like COD. Arma 3 has the most unique multiplayer experience ever, and playing campaign is a waste of your time.
game-hours: 218.9
review: need 2+ person plane
game-hours: 67.9
review: So, where to begin? Arma 3 had an admittedly bad release. The game was unpolished, lacking content and the performance issues were an absolute pain for those without SLI'd graphics cards and top-tier i7's. These various issues put many players off upon release, myself included. Returning to Arma 3 sometime later - having only played occasionally to see what had improved - has significantly changed my opinion about the game. Arma 3 is beautiful, it truly is. The game prides itself on having astonishing some of the most astonishing landscapes in recent gaming history. The modding community, truly one of the best aspects of the game, are constantly working to refresh old maps from Arma: Armed Assault & Arma 2 using 3's engine - and my god, does it look incredible as a result. The gameplay is another aspect of Arma 3 which is much improved over the last iteration. The new posturing system, for example, allows you to dynamically shift your character's body to peek over and around obstacles without having to stand up - only to recieve a volley of bullets from the nearest enemy soldier. The multiplayer is also excellent, yet sadly still suffers from horrendous performance issues on low-tier systems (which, in all fairness, is understandable given the complexity of some of the gamemodes). Arma 3's multiplayer has a mode to please everyone, ranging from the Hunger Games-esque 'Battle Royale' and the hilarious 'Altis Life' to the 'Payday Mod' provided to us by the excellent modders in the community. There is a campaign mode which covers the entire seige of Altis & Stratis, I personally haven't played much of this but have been informed it is pretty good. My personal favourite feature - the mission editor - is back in all its glory in Arma 3. Not much has changed from the last game which is good considering that the Arma 2 editor was already an incredibly powerful tool for creating scenarios. User-created missions can be exported to the Steam Workshop, providing a near-infinite amount of entertainment for those who download them. Being able to set-up a mission where you HALO jump from 35,000 feet during a horrendous thunderstorm to then blow up radio towers and rescue hostages from the hands of the enemy is one of the most satisfying feelings in a video game, truly great stuff. So overall, Arma 3 has come a long way since its horrific release. Yes it still has bugs but most of them have been successfully ironed out and in turn Arma 3 is arguably one of the best military simulations in recent years. Pick this one up when you can. (The Helicopter DLC is massively overpriced for the content inside it, don't bother with it and grab some helicopters from Armaholic instead).
game-hours: 152.4
review: if you like war, rpg and survival this is your game but... if you like realistic physics then this is your nightmare :)
game-hours: 1367.5
review: This ame sucks I can't stop playing it
game-hours: 212.3
review: Newer Milsim and stuff
game-hours: 105.0
review: Very Good Game, maybe not worth 35 but I advise getting it when it is on sale! 9/10
game-hours: 632.8
review: BEST GAME ever. Make sure your 16 or older cause if your not you wont have friends.
game-hours: 81.8
review: Very cool, Very swag I live it
game-hours: 844.1
review: I've only played it for a few minuets..(lol) i really dont play much else. very good game! extrmely long learning curve if you're new to arma in any way.. bye bye COD & MWF.
game-hours: 0.3
review: This Game Is Very Very Awesome.
game-hours: 223.5
review: This game is a sandbox, and what you get out of it is what your imagination or the community behind you puts into it.
game-hours: 221.0
review: Wasted 200 hrs of my life 10/10
game-hours: 64.8
review: A crazy amount of single and multiplayer content just like arma 2 but way more responsive with some new welcome additions to the already immersive experience. If you like massive battlefields and as close to real life combat this is state of the art!
game-hours: 444.1
review: gg 10/10
game-hours: 90.8
review: reasons to play arma3: arma rp servers altislife etc Battleroyale Epoch, breakingpoint etc crashed my truck full of cocaine in a random location in the middle of nowhere next to nothing, thought all my work was wasted, then out of nowhere a dude runs out of a bush, repairs my car, i tell him, i have no money with me, but i have coke, gave him a bit, and he ran away in a random direction 10/10 would crash my car again
game-hours: 703.0
review: Great game, love it. Problems with helicopters and its blades, might have been updated but still a great game (And car hitpoints are messed, so if you ram someone in the back your tires go =/ )
game-hours: 133.2
review: Fun game very badly optimized you will have tons of problems with your game and get low fps but if you have a really good pc that can play on Ultra with 60+ FPS then you will probably get 20-50 FPS but there is a way top fix that if you really want to fix it but you dont have to if you can deal with a lower frame rate defintaly a fun game i cant see playing it alone very much must have friends in this a lot of people in this game can be either extreme A holes or really serious but fun people some servers require you to sign up and be accepted in but those can be the best i do recomend but only if it is on sale for $35 or lower. Hope this helped you.
game-hours: 2.0
review: Even though I just started playing this game, I would already say it was worth my $60. The graphics are amazing and the detail makes everything look cool af. The only cons I would say are there are so many different controls that you will be referring to the field manual very often. Also, the keybindings are very awkward. For people that play different FPS often and are used to things like ctrl or c for crouch or space to jump or e for interact, they'll be annoyed when they constantly forget it's x to crouch. I was also sort of pissed that I couldn't change the keybindings...
game-hours: 416.5
review: iits a super fun game
game-hours: 10.6
review: First off i havent played enough of this game to write a full review i just want to shout out to all the people tempted by this game in the sale. This game is amaziing, or atleast what ive played of it so far. I loved arma 2 but it felt a little bit stale compared to this game. the world and charicters just feel that little bit more real which really help the immersition of a game like this. Music is good and can really build tenstion when needed and hype you up for the big fight upcoming. I would highly recomend this game to anyone intrested in both fps and stratagy fans. I would also recommend it to people who are intrested in warfair in generall. You will not be disapointed ! (full review in an update once ive clocked in enough hours in this very indepth combat simulater)
game-hours: 49.0
review: There are so many servers out there, that being a new player to ARMA 3, does not constitute childish behavior of admins, that say that I am being ignorant. For that matter, go have a nice 13year old life. The server IP I would suggest for you to avoid is Karmics PVE/LIFT/MISSIONS/TRADERSTOCKED at IP 24.123.11.106:2302. Complete lack of social skills that admin had. Just because I did not constantly check my side bar, does not make me ignorant. I am still learning this game and I really dont give two  about who runs the flipping server. I only want to have fun, while learning the game, and not be harassed when I log in about reading the mother flippin side chat/bar. For your information, I do read whatever come up in the beginning, just to see if anything important shows up. If not, I just walk or run around and play. I give two fingers up for that server and admin. (to.ot)
game-hours: 107.2
review: You can do stuff in this game
game-hours: 237.7
review: Very nice and cool game!
game-hours: 848.9
review: Highy advise to get.
game-hours: 117.2
review: Really buggy and glitchy 10/10
game-hours: 830.1
review: awesome
game-hours: 335.3
review: Can't get better!
game-hours: 61.5
review: If youre looking for a war simulator this is the game it is the best war game i've ever played graphics are amazing and the detail is awesome. it is so easy to get locked into this game i've played this for hours and never got bored great game.. thanks to the makers of this game for making such a realistic war game.
game-hours: 278.7
review: I highly recommend Arma 3 on sale. Arma 3 has a learning curve bit of a learning, but is unlike any shooter on the market. Arma 3 is a bit buggy, so expect rage inducing lag and glitches from time to time. Turst me Booboo, it's most likely not your PC set up. With all the mods and servers that this game features, you are guaranteed to get countless hours of game play out of this game. The campaign story is laughable, but the AI is challenging if you're completionist. Buy this game if you like: Great Gun play Teamwork Realistic firefights Flying Helicopters or Jets Survival mods Fighting AI with your buddies PvP with a /steep/ learning curve Pass on Arma 3 if you don't like: Large keybind layouts Low framerates Working as a team Dying a lot Not being Rambo Having PTSD Carry on Soldier.
game-hours: 94.4
review: Absolutely marvelous piece of art.
game-hours: 42.1
review: Yes
game-hours: 2.2
review: About the singleplayer , it comes as a combat simulation mainly simulating various combat situations. Now the game is more about the multiplayer. The multiplayer can be scripted which means you can have every mod you want. There are roleplay mods , king of the hill , deathmatch and so on. I would clearly recommend buying the game.
game-hours: 1527.5
review: awsome game heapz of mods to play
game-hours: 232.7
review: Fckin nice game isnt it
game-hours: 645.3
review: Just like arma 2, there's a huge amount of variety in gameplay with this game. The graphics are fantastic, although most people probably won't be able to run this game on full settings at a reasonable framerate. Worth picking up, even if you're not planning to play it in the immediate future.
game-hours: 497.6
review: 1337/10 would play again
game-hours: 195.0
review: Enjoy real like games... Arma 3 = GG
game-hours: 141.8
review: Stole a tank and drove over my friend, got launched into the air and exploded on landing. 10/10 would kill my friends again
game-hours: 41.4
review: Do you like to spend 30 minutes waiting to get deployed, only to have your helicopter shot down by an enemy jet? How about spending 20 minutes to get the the AO only to realize that your team has already captured it? Do you want to know the feeling of waiting for hours to get into combar, just like real life? If you want real military simulation (including the time it takes to get into combat) then this game is for you.
game-hours: 955.6
review: Realy nice game... a few bad hacks and buggs still out for it but over all very good game
game-hours: 0.8
review: awsome
game-hours: 9.1
review: Dear Diary I have recently been deployed to Altis it is my first tour of duty and already things are completely messed up I watched the Lance Corporal in my company try to fast rope and he ended up going through the roof of the helicopter surprisingly he didn't die until about 5 minutes later when he got ran over by a drunker contractor with severe road rage problems. The second day didn't fair much better the staff sargeant and our driver were shot by snipers who then proceeded to come over and tell us how we "got rekt" right before they stole our truck and our canned beans. Day 3 was even worse we had to walk 20 km back to base because of the theft of our truck which we did find crashed into those sub compacts that can go 300km/h, we lost Simmons that day.....thank god we had ketchup. Day 4 was the worst day we got attacked by the snipers again.I have yet to fire my weapon at an enemy I pass the time by going on 10km heights only to be chased by the drunken contractors again and masturbating freciously, I find myself getting angry at our policies we can't go out into the field with our issued rifles instead we have to give money to the local shopkeep to buy our rifles and ammo his name is Billy he is a nice guy. I still have yet to take somebody down I did fire my pistol at an enemy only to be winged by a sniper's bullet as it killed our company engineer. After the last day of my deployment I am happy to leave Altis we are now heading for another island called Stratis to help with the war effort we will see how everything turns out. Day 153...........all is lost I ate another PFC again 12/10 would get eat again
game-hours: 177.0
review: THIS game is very fun and entertaining. with new mods coming out it makes it more interesting and creative.
game-hours: 482.0
review: I watched ISIS molest a goat.
game-hours: 844.1
review: It is THE military simulator! Or something like it anyway. It ain't a COD FPS, no not even a Battlefield so much action game, even better, or worse. Many features such as weapon attachments, underwater ops, oh did i mention aviation? Pros: - Very very tactical, maybe too tactical. - Open world, limited to whatever people can figure out. - So many possible missions, you just need to find them. - So much mods, so many many mods, in fact maybe too many. - Often medium to long range realistic combat which is usually really hard to hit enemies. - Many features since first game release, such as shooting from vehicles and Virtual Reality. - Realistic graphics, limited to your hardware or your nerves for lag. - Many more? Cons: - Too tactical? Yep. Sometimes enemy AIs are a step ahead of you. - With big content and graphics, comes great hardware requirements. - Modifications that may be too big to download.
game-hours: 30.6
review: this trashed turned me on babes
game-hours: 12.6
review: This is a realistic shooter, with teamwork and everything. At some points you can be so immersed into this game that you think you are a real soldier that is fighting in a war. I also think this is a game that people would say "Buy this game for me" to their friends or family for the holidays.
game-hours: 275.2
review: arma 3 is a good game you should buy it unless you're a part of isis
game-hours: 0.9
review: foi bom mas deu um bug q eu n consigo mais jogar
game-hours: 94.8
review: Went to war in a Kart Driver outfit and got shot in the head. 11/10
game-hours: 52.2
review: Great game. In my oppinnion its probally the best military game i ever played graphics are outstanding but the multiplayer was disapointing when i got banned from 80% of the servers after only playing it for a few days . They wouldn't even tell me what i was being accused of and never gave me a warning about anything just random perma ban on most servers. Very disapointed and sad because i was just getting into the game and having a great time with my new computer i just built to play it :(
game-hours: 251.6
review: I Love Arma 3 still doing the campaign though but the desynch on multiplayer is horriable everything except for that 10/10 so right now i would give it 8/10
game-hours: 1548.7
review: 10/10
game-hours: 350.5
review: This is one of the best games I have ever played. One of the most realistic military shooters out there. If you get the right mods for this game, you can make it even more epic. I recommend you get this game when its on sale though. Oh and by the way, all of the glitches, and stupid bugs in this game is what makes this game so amazing.
game-hours: 65.9
review: I start wandering around the streets and suddenly, out of nowhere, a man walks up to me and tells me to get out of my truck. I do as he says and then the police walk up to me and ask me if I have seen the man. I say I did see him and that he stole my truck. The police officer thanks me, gets back in his truck, and drives away. Now I'm without a car, and I figure the only thing to do is to go to the nearest ATM and buy a quadbike so I can drive back to my house. Before I got to the ATM, however, I was stopped by a notibly drunk naked man who stole all of my money and took me hostage for a bank robbery. The man takes me to the bank and points a gun to my head, telling me that if I move he would shoot. The police pull up five minutes later and arrest the bank robber -- and me. I ask why I was arrested, and they told me I was accomplice in a bank robbery. I tried to explain my story to the officer, but he wouldn't listen. When I later got out of prison, I went straight to my house. I went to the top-floor of my house, boot up my computer and started playing ArmA. It was pretty fun.
game-hours: 0.4
review: why is this game still $59.99
game-hours: 254.5
review: Very good game 10/10
game-hours: 166.3
review: I love this game, mods make it way more fun but with out mods its still a very good game
game-hours: 35.5
review: This is great game very fun to play i mostly play altis life which is prety cool how everything works the storyline for single player is fine all together a great game
game-hours: 355.7
review: the friendly A.I. has the marksmanship of a drunk stormtrooper, the enemys on the other hand are apparently SF. 1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10
game-hours: 36.8
review: good game, great fun to play with friends
game-hours: 43.3
review: really good game !
game-hours: 203.2
review: I have always been a fan of the ARMA series because its really different than the other shooters. There are so many different ways to play this game, I spend hours scripting and fooling around in the editor for my own enjoyment. I don't play multiplayer that much but it's still a great experience when I get to it. This game is very heavily GPU and CPU dependant so I wouldn't reccomend this to people who have a low-mid range gaming PC. Mid ranges might still be able to run it but you will get lots of FPS drops below 30 fps. This game is really fun and easy to get into. I am proud of the work that Bohemia Interactive is doing and continue to be a fan of their titles. I rate this game a 9.5/10.
game-hours: 77.4
review: V good game, altis is best mod :D
game-hours: 354.0
review: please give me back my time what I spend playing this excellent game :D
game-hours: 133.7
review: Tried to land helicopter on top of a car while the intire rest of the team are fighting back the enemy. Car blows up. Kills 3 enimies. 10/10 Best noscope sim 2002
game-hours: 229.5
review: This game is hard. You jump out of a building-splat-dead. You are walking aroung- bang-dead. You are in a tank-mine explodes-dead. However,once you learn all of the tricks(about 75 hours for me) it starts to get really rewarding. This game is very immersive from the fact that you can shoot enemies from over 2 klicks, you can fly helicopters, fixed wing, and drones. You can drive tons of vehicles, or you can just walk around as a rifleman. Use the mission editor to create a mission to your liking, download mods to (nearly) perfect your game. A.I. is kinda glitchy, some textures aren't perfect but overall, FANTASTIC GAME. Seriously, one of my friends NEEDS to buy this so we can play together.
game-hours: 55.2
review: Joined altis life. Met man willing to assist me. Trusted man. Man gets gun. Man ties me up. Man steals pants. 10/10 would get pants stolen again.
game-hours: 29.3
review: 1st time playing this I go on altis life with a friend, heres how it went: We spawned, bought a bag and a hat each, went picking apples for a few hours Then bought a car each and went to do some delivery missions My friend crashed and I drove 18.5km to repair his car, only to find he was dead 2 paramedics came and revived him, I took the hat from my dead friends body first and offered it as payment The girl took the hat because the guy didn't like it and then accused me of being sexist because he wanted my hat He chased me around his ambulance for 10 minutes shouting 'GIVE ME THE F***ING HAT' I dropped the hat, drove off only to see the ambulance over take me and get blown up by terrorists I then burned in the wreck trying to get my hat back 11/10
game-hours: 72.3
review: Almost 40 hours into the game and I can honestly say it's the best game I've purchased on Steam, amazingly fun, action packed and a lot of things to do, never gotten tired of it and I'll continue to play it until I find another game as funny as this one.
game-hours: 497.4
review: Great visual effects, a stunningly immense map with detailed environments and immersive gameplay, ARMA 3 is one of (if not the best) Military Simulators currently available. Casual gamers beware, the name of the game in ARMA is REALISM and Bohemia Interactive has spared no attention to detail. ARMA is merciless, running and gunning into an enemy squad will get you killed in two seconds flat. Alertness, caution, cover, strategy and teamwork will win the day. Strongly recommended for the more serious FPS players and those wanting a truly rewarding gameplay experience.
game-hours: 106.9
review: yes just yes
game-hours: 2.9
review: Great looking, great playing, great multiplayer. It's Battlefield, just not for babies.
game-hours: 355.6
review: 10/10 would dickbutt again.
game-hours: 1374.6
review: Coming up on 1000 hours of play time, and I still enjoy it.
game-hours: 33.9
review: its cool
game-hours: 299.4
review: Great game for anybody sick of the run and gun play style of CoD, Battlefield, and so on. The editor is fun and easy to understand, the multiplayer is a bit laggy, but other than that, perfect. The community in Arma is the best I have seen in any game, and I think you should join it.
game-hours: 6.6
review: Awesome Game. Would definitely reccomend
game-hours: 0.9
review: GO BUY IT!!!!!! 8,8/10
game-hours: 62.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 0.7
review: very high quality. outranks CoD, Battlefield, and MoH in my book.
game-hours: 90.2
review: Vldigt bra spel.
game-hours: 13.5
review: all round good game
game-hours: 0.7
review: I don't even own this game and I'm writing this review, but I really wish I had this game. It's good.
game-hours: 0.7
review: the game sucks really laggy if your on a laptop and other computers
game-hours: 688.0
review: Best PC game.....nough said....
game-hours: 157.9
review: jamann
game-hours: 807.5
review: Continuing a fine tradition ARMA III brings realism in combat to the greatest level. Maps that are miles across with dynamic weather and day/night cycles (you can even navigate by the stars!), the best ballistics in the shooter gaming world, and every type of vehicle you can think of from tanks and helicopters to jet aircraft and small submarines, PLUS a powerful mission editor and decent AI gives you an unparalleled amount of content and replayability for your hard earned dollars!
game-hours: 26.0
review: Absolutely love this friggin game!
game-hours: 0.1
review: yes yes yes yes yes yes
game-hours: 243.9
review: Unlike Arma 2 , Arma 3 can give much more. Not that Arma 2 is bad its just that Arma 3 is like gmod. If you want to play DarkRP you join a server other than downloading the addons and only picking from a small ammount of servers sometimes. Along with the ease of access to the numerous amounts of gamemodes it also has a certian play style to it.
game-hours: 27.2
review: basically play it, horses/10
game-hours: 2.6
review: A relentless pseudo-turn based dungeon crawler, with no end of challenge. The game features only two immediate and apparent difficulties: Too Easy, and Easy. Don't let these difficulty titles fool you, they're a lot more daunting than they seem. The dungeons are unforgiving, one mistake or failure to prepare can ultimately lead to your cascading loss of the dungeon. The already challenging difficulties can be further multiplied by selecting different escape pods that give new rules to your dungeon. The greatest enemy you will face in the dungeons isn't the monsters, it's the random number generator. What's in the next room? Monsters? Dust? A much needed damage-per-second, or utility hero? Maybe the room will be empty. Who know's what's in store for you in the depths of the Dungeons of the Endless. This game is not for those who are looking for a casual dungeon crawler.
game-hours: 911.4
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 34.9
review: its a great game with good campagne great multiplayer work fine rare glitches (Yes arma with rare glitches) i only with more weapons and vehicles becourse Arma 3 is in a close future whe got some rly cool vehicles and weapons but i miss Hummer with 50c or good old Black Hawk also some weapons like M4 or normal AK47 :)
game-hours: 435.4
review: free for a weekend played it for 24 hours, Great game
game-hours: 360.3
review: amazing game. probably my most favourite. worth every penny.
game-hours: 56.5
review: I hit a tree in a tank...The tank didn't survive. 11/10-Ricky's Coffey
game-hours: 1.8
review: tried to get in my friends car and got hit by the side mirror and died realistic/10
game-hours: 1267.1
review: MODS!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 892.5
review: This aint cod = 10/10
game-hours: 190.8
review: Great game, lots of fun. but... They really need to fix all the F****** CRASHING! One of the best games ever for 5 mins and then, BOOM!, "Too much fun detected, must crash", such Bulls***. 10/10
game-hours: 1126.7
review: This game is amazing. While the campaign and "vanilla" multiplayer are extremely fun, it's not even the tip of the iceberg in terms of gameplay. The real experience comes with the mods, scripted game modes, and editor included within the game, or downloadable through various websites. What Bohemia Interactive has done is give those with a vision the incredibly powerful engine (and therefore a means) to create the amazing gamemodes you can download anywhere and play.
game-hours: 23.1
review: Immediately upon entering a rp server, I was asked to enter a strange vehicle (Held at gunpoint of course). I hopped into the back of a black pick up truck and an invisible force prevented me from leaving. I was then driven halfway across the island. It was a long trip, the strange man in the front seat told me a few stories, some very touching others not as much. By the end of the journey, I felt much closer to the not-so-strange-anymore man. Our brief 15 minutes together had me believing I had found a new friend. A companion in this bleak world. That belief was soon torn apart as the man in the front seat let out a guttural scream and drove us both into a lake. Your experience in Arma 3 could be similar. 10/10
game-hours: 2906.9
review: If you want a really good war game and don't want autistic five year old yelling "HARD SCOPER" or the game telling you "You are leaving the Battlefield"
game-hours: 124.6
review: I was able to pick up a snake. 10/10
game-hours: 48.2
review: yes, i recommended this game, but its not that great. this is only my oppinion, to me the game is ok i guess, but it has a lot of bugs. Also, its not that fun. The game would be more worth it if it was about 25 bucks, but nooooo it has to be super expensive. Yes the game looks nice but it didnt change at all from arma 2. (again not worth it) well, if your into this kind of game, go ahead and buy it, don t let me stop you. but if you are not that into super hard core serious games than i suggest you dont get it, its a waste of money.
game-hours: 11.6
review: gta battlfild adn zoombinies al in 1 evryting simolutar
game-hours: 807.6
review: Great game! bad dlc content!
game-hours: 184.4
review: AMAZING ......|..___________________, , ....../ ..---________----__|]=D ...../==o;;;;;;;;______.:/ .....), ---.((_) / ....// (..) ), ----" ...//___// ..//___// .//___//
game-hours: 6.4
review: This FPS is quite unique. Instead of only pewpewpew or team fight, this game provides a *real* battlefield, not like DICE's Battlefield series.I won't call it a game but a military simulation software.And there's plenty of mods in this game, so it's very playable. One of my friend played this game for 60hrs in 2 weeks.Since this game is for the hardcore players, so it wouldn't be very friendly to newcomers. Best military simulator ever.10/10. Also BTW, DON'T THINK YOU CAN PLAY THIS GAME WITH IT TOLD YOU THE MINIMAL SYSTEM REQUIREMENT OF 8800GT. My GTX460 still sucks for almost half of time.
game-hours: 332.3
review: This game is terrible, you should totally play it!
game-hours: 303.1
review: <3
game-hours: 5.4
review: The best game Ewer
game-hours: 322.2
review: Hands down the best military type game there is. Cod and battlefield can't hold a candle to Arma.
game-hours: 1699.6
review: Fun
game-hours: 384.4
review: Great game for all the family to enjoy.
game-hours: 33.4
review: "WERE GOING DOWN, WE GOTTA JUMP" arma 3 is a realistic military shooter based on present day weaponry such as helicopters, vehicles, and weapons. there is a large single player that can keep you buys for quite a while, and all sorts of multiplayer capabilitys. modding is a great thing with this game cause there is so much you can do (ex. epoch, arma life) but its not as easy as it is with counter strike. now alot of people also believe that arma 2 was hard to run, chunky, hard to play but with arma 3 they have a auto setup that chooses what it believes the best settings are for your computer and its amazing (i still wouldnt play it on a laptop that isnt built only for gaming but runs great on my $600 desktop. if your looking for a challenge, or your the patient sniper who can wait for quite a while to pick of the guy who is wrecking everybody. or the ace pilot, who can get in and drop off 6 people in less then 15 seconds and get out. this game is for somebody who is willing to put in the time. or the single player like i said can keep u busy for a while. so finally cons: even with the setting auto-tuner the game can still be kinda laggy and glitchy if you have a low end machine. the game is very hard, if you dont like a hardcore game where 3 shots at most will kill you easy then this game can make your rage very well. pros: very well made, great weapons/vehicles, the maps and enviroment are large and expansive for large scale war on full servers is amazing to just watch a ground battle sue while aircraft dog it out in the sky and armored apc move towards the city with rienforcement until a guy in a building fires a anti-tank missle and blows it up, the smoke and fire rising to the sky on ultra setting while the survivors run for cover in the nearby bushes ontop of the hill and the sniper takes out the man in the building. so do i recommend this game? yes i do but you got to be willing to put your time into this game or you wont have the same experience as somebody who loves this game and has over 1000 hours on it.
game-hours: 13.7
review: Arma 3 is a very special game. The realism that is blended with the game really brings the game to life. The maps in the game are extremely huge, allowing for people to roam and have great battles. The gamemodes associated with Arma 3 show what fun can be had. Battle Royale is among my favorites, where the game is a hunger-games-like survival competition. There is a variety of vehicles, including aerial and sea. The weapons have many attachments, and some have the unique trait to have tracers. Overall, the game is a thrilling experience. 9/10
game-hours: 5.1
review: Pros: This game is just beautiful. Very Photorealistic! When I first looked around in the game it was like "whoa!". I can max it on my GTX 980 in 2k at around 40-50 fps, Multiplayer allows a large amount of people to play on massive maps. The controls are great, you can have total control over you player. Weapon accuracy is realistic, you cant hit anything without being tactical. It has a great training section that I advise you play before jumping into a server. Cons: The muliplayer... i just dont understand. I admit I haven't done any research on how to play, I didnt know I had to. I have not met a friendly entity in any game yet. As of now EVERY encounter with another play has resulted in them shooting me, tazering me or hancuffing me to sell to another more advanced player... there is nothing you can do about it, both the faction and the police have simmilar procedures. There are, it seems, 1k commands. It will take a while of remapping for comfort and accessability, let alone learning the bulk of them. Conclusion: It looks great and is the most immersive FPS I have ever played. So get it! Very taxing game on the graphics card. Screen shots look amazing, but the 45fps is not enough to be competative, so I will have to turn down settings =( OR buy another 980 =)
game-hours: 1828.4
review: I run a unit for ArmA 3 unit and all I have to say is get a good group of guys and play with them and do it like t supposed to be (Tactically) and you will have the best time ever! HIGHLY Recommended!
game-hours: 614.5
review: By far the best game I have played in my life!
game-hours: 0.4
review: why is this game still $59.99
game-hours: 254.5
review: Very good game 10/10
game-hours: 166.3
review: I love this game, mods make it way more fun but with out mods its still a very good game
game-hours: 35.5
review: This is great game very fun to play i mostly play altis life which is prety cool how everything works the storyline for single player is fine all together a great game
game-hours: 355.7
review: the friendly A.I. has the marksmanship of a drunk stormtrooper, the enemys on the other hand are apparently SF. 1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10
game-hours: 36.8
review: good game, great fun to play with friends
game-hours: 43.3
review: really good game !
game-hours: 203.2
review: I have always been a fan of the ARMA series because its really different than the other shooters. There are so many different ways to play this game, I spend hours scripting and fooling around in the editor for my own enjoyment. I don't play multiplayer that much but it's still a great experience when I get to it. This game is very heavily GPU and CPU dependant so I wouldn't reccomend this to people who have a low-mid range gaming PC. Mid ranges might still be able to run it but you will get lots of FPS drops below 30 fps. This game is really fun and easy to get into. I am proud of the work that Bohemia Interactive is doing and continue to be a fan of their titles. I rate this game a 9.5/10.
game-hours: 77.4
review: V good game, altis is best mod :D
game-hours: 354.0
review: please give me back my time what I spend playing this excellent game :D
game-hours: 10.6
review: yes i do plz buy it and play
game-hours: 33.3
review: I love it, and i want it :'( <3
game-hours: 0.1
review: Wait. I don't own this game. HOW CAN I MAKE A REVIEW FOR IT?!?! I'VE NEVER EVEN PLAYED IT!
game-hours: 44.8
review: i came :3
game-hours: 318.6
review: Absolutely love it!
game-hours: 18.3
review: I can be an elite soldier with a Big  gun while wearing nothing but my underwear.
game-hours: 725.3
review: amazing ing game
game-hours: 165.8
review: Arma 3 Is Great!!!! Let me just start by saying are you sick of the troll kiddies running around with the cheapest weapons and using an auto aim assist and killing you right away? I know i am. This game Gives you an immense feel for war and keeps you thinking constantly. Sometimes the Action is spaced out quiet a bit but when the battle hits it is the gaming moments that stay with you forever. Plus Getting that mega kill is something to actually be proud of with your skill and not just stupid luck.
game-hours: 642.2
review: Great for realism and simulation enthusiasts. But if your just buying this for wastelands or because you liked DayZ, you can promptly  off and not get this game.
game-hours: 539.4
review: Best Arma yet.
game-hours: 382.2
review: Altis life with friends is hours of fun
game-hours: 104.0
review: Great, immersive shooter! Do not recommend for Call of Duty players, it is nothing like CoD!
game-hours: 479.6
review: n3xt g3n, load into a server nek m1nn1t crash
game-hours: 125.9
review: 3833 < 383
game-hours: 451.2
review: its ok
game-hours: 1136.2
review: 10/10 game
game-hours: 281.7
review: ayy lmao
game-hours: 215.3
review: Very good,very real
game-hours: 84.7
review: Is like a butt
game-hours: 27.5
review: Pew Pew 11/10
game-hours: 113.7
review: Arma 3... where do I start? Let's start with what Arma "is". Arma is a so-called "MILSIM", which basically means "Military Simulator". Unlike Call of Duty or Battlefield, Arma aims to achieve ultimate realism. Maps are massive, a shot in the chest could mean instant death and a shot in the leg means crawling until a medic takes a look at it. Few games match the level of realism that the Arma franchise has, and while the controls can be strange at times and some of the bugs could make the game hilarious instead of serious, the games are loved by the community behind it. STORY I must admit that I haven't delved too deep into the story, but it consists of a number of chapters, the first being "Survive", the second "Adapt", and the third "Win". I got to somewhere around the middle of "Survive", so please don't listen to me to the fullest regarding the campaign. Anyways, you start the campaign as an american soldier stationed on the island of Stratis, which is the smaller of the two maps in Arma 3 (the larget being Altis). The American forces are just preparing to leave the island when they are attacked by an unknown force. Communications are quickly cut, but you manage to get to your squad and together you complete missions around the island (the missions vary from securing crash sites to attacking hostile bases). IMHO the campaign is awesome, and I do believe that there were some ooh's and aah's exclaimed during some points of it. 8/10, great story but once again do not take my word, check the other reviews for a more detailed account on the storyline! And so we move on to the next part! MULTIPLAYER There are mutiple things you can do in the multiplayer (hah get it? no? sorry :c). Would you like to just kick back and play some relaxing roleplay? Then you can do that! Play as an ordinary citizen or a man of the law hunting some apple-stealing, drug-trafficking criminals around the islands! Or maybe you would really like to hop on and play some Wasteland, where you must gather food and water and watch out for other players. You can also gang up with some friends and build a badass base with walls and mortars and machine guns and a whole bunch of stuff, so you have somewhere to go when you're not out hunting players or completing missions around the islands! Other game modes include Domination (COOP vs AI, join up with a group of players and take on the AI as you battle for complete control over Stratis or Altis), King of the Hill (3 teams, BLUFOR, OPFOR and Independent fight each other to control a certain area on one of the islands), Battle Royale (no point in looking for teammates on this one, kill everyone else on the island and claim victory in this intense mod!) and many others. 10/10, amazing multiplayer, great community, one of my best multiplayer experiences ever. GAMEPLAY There are quite a few bugs in the game, however. The ragdolls can sometimes act up and that can be frustrating sometimes, but most of the time it's just funny and they don't exactly ruin the experience. Graphics are top notch, sound is really good (and there are mods that improve them even further!) but the enemy AI can sometimes act like they have no brain. That includes running around in circles when under fire, simply lying down and making no attempt at figuring out where he is taking fire from, but I guess that the AI just thinks that it's so good that it doesn't really need to survive anyways. 7/10, even though the AI is weird at times it certainly does not stop you from having a good time. FINAL VERDICT This review took a whole bunch of my time, and I have probably forgotten what I wrote up at the top, but Arma 3 is overall a great game and is definitely worth it at full price (however I believe that sales are quite common on this game, so keep a look out for that!). Apologies for any grammatical mistakes, English is not my main language. 90/100
game-hours: 841.9
review: A fun arma game with better graphics, but it dosent have as many vehicles at the moment as arma 2
game-hours: 47.6
review: walking simulator with 3 great modes: hills, valleys, and drowning!
game-hours: 1.8
review: gpood
game-hours: 13.9
review: Good Game
game-hours: 151.5
review: Excellent game. If you are one of those people that didnt enjoy Arma 2 due to the sometimes "If'ie" gameplay, the game play in Arma 3 much more enjoyable. Gameplay: 9/10 Editor: 10/10
game-hours: 583.5
review: This game is GREAT. It has tons of different gamemodes to choose from. Its a great REALISTIC game with great graphics. (WARNING: NEED PREETY DECENT COMPUTER TO RUN WELL) Some of the best gamemodes include, Altis Life(Stratis Life, Arma Life) which is a role playing gamemode, where your goal is to make that moolah. Whether it be selling apples or dealing drugs. Another gamemode is Wasteland, an open world gamemode where you make money and fight other player. To wrap this up, I would definately recommend this game. Great to play with friends.
game-hours: 210.7
review: This price is outragous, i cant speand this kind of cash. sure this game is great but still, i want it but for like 20$ pliz.
game-hours: 35.1
review: Does not contain traces of nuts. 0/10
game-hours: 88.6
review: This game is like no other. I have many hours spent in every build of this game, from Alpha to release, and I can proudly say that I enjoyed every single one of them. This isn't a game for everyone, there is no real guidance on what you are intended to do, the tutorials are confusing, and you will find yourself dying from all directions in combat missions. Much of the game's fun is drawn from the sheer uniqueness of it's conflicts - from small 4 man espionage missions at night to full on assaults with armored sections and infantry alike. There are few games that I could irrefutably consider a true sandbox, and Arma 3 is probably one of the best sandbox experiences around, with practically limitless mission oppurtunities from the community due to the excellent mission designer already implemented. Visually, this game is absolutely breathtaking at high settings - night time is probably the most stellar with it's pitch black atmosphere, and night vision opticals are almost a definite requirement - vehicle lights and weapon lights cast beams through the shroud of night, tracer rounds meander across the vast fields of Altis, destroyed vehicles emit a vicious explosion and emit plumes of smoke. Daytime is equally impressive with Arma's mesmerizing sky boxes and vast expanses of land which seem to travel infinitely. I don't feel like writing more right now but ultimately, Arma 3 is a visually stunning, virtually endless sandbox of military endeavours.
game-hours: 325.7
review: Jogo de macho.
game-hours: 859.5
review: ARMA 3 is a military simulator, It gives the game a very realistic feel to it but the only issue is the fact that the developers of the game break things quite often and don't fix them for extended periods of time. Such as the new update that came out today.
game-hours: 84.4
review: Very hard to get bored of, I love military games myself and this is by far my most favorite game and I haven't even played much.
game-hours: 37.6
review: Its like GTA but in a military way. - the map is ing huge! i never seen anything like this in anygame I also like how you can build your own forts and hold your territory and stop enemies from getting past ya by placing walls around your area and also place military cargo towers and have you and your fellow sniper team mates go on top of them and look around for any traspassers Game has so many choices of misc, items and weapon attachments and many tools and resources and the cars are good too! but also you don't have to play in a military style if you want, you can play as a normal citizen man and do your everyday life story! There is nothing to complain about because this game is ing great. I run this game on very high and i get 25 to 50 fps, i had no problem at all with bugs so far. This game hass amazing graphics, the textures look amazing, the models look very nice, the effects, lights and shading look very realistic! best graphics on a open world game so far for me Graphics 10/10 Gameplay 9/10 Map 9/10 Weapons 8/10 Worth the $ bought this for 30$ when it was on sale. BUY IT IF YOU HAVEN'T
game-hours: 51.2
review: +rep 10 of 10
game-hours: 472.0
review: I love Arma 3 . My love for this type of game goes back to Operation Flashpoint. But I hate this  of a game at the same time, it still doesn't work properly. Bohemia acts like "here game done" with their final release of the  campaign, but it is a game you will play and only enjoy it and the experiences 20% of the time, it will frustrate you more times than please you. I love it, but what a !
game-hours: 1314.6
review: Yeah is good! Good stuff! Lot's of shooting like pew pew pew. Cons; no dinosaurs :(
game-hours: 551.7
review: Ok so the bottom line is, this is not just a shooter, its not just a multiplayer shooter similar to the likes of Black ops 2, AW or anything like that, it is as close to a military simulator. I love KOTH(King of the Hill) great game & can be played as alone wolf or with friends. I have to give this 11/10
game-hours: 261.2
review: great game, massive improvement over arma 2, the editor mode is great because you can set up your own missions or just blow stuff up if you want. also there is a great modding communtity
game-hours: 51.9
review: Omg ten outta ten so good lol hashtag yolo
game-hours: 1093.1
review: Best game you can get on a pc
game-hours: 11.6
review: -I asked my friend "How low can you go?" -He accepted the challenge -Flew close to water in a chopper -Touches water with the smallest part of the chopper for less than 1 second -We crash and die -Laughed our asses off 12/10 would crash again
game-hours: 355.0
review: The graphics are great, and there is a lot of stuff in the game from mortars to drones, helicopters and jets, tanks, civillian and millitary transport vehicles etc. It requires a great deal of skill to pilot/use some of these. The multiplayer is really good, and you can play Altis Life RPG, Wasteland, Co-Op, king of the hill and more. 85% of community is great and much more mature compared to other FPS games. The only thing I don't like very much is infantry movement, not sure why though, feels different. Overall it's a great experience, I recommend it.
game-hours: 391.1
review: Amazing. AMAZING. I SAID AMAZING
game-hours: 3.8
review: Awesome game! Improved graphic from Arma II. I like this game so much!
game-hours: 401.1
review: I like.
game-hours: 40.6
review: Sweet stuff
game-hours: 72.6
review: Great game
game-hours: 3.0
review: Let me tell ya sth bout this gaem... 1) ITS 10/10 for noscoping noobs thats think that bcz they are good att BF and COD they are good at any game. 2) 15fps on LOW in a City still worth, not playable but WORTH 3) graphics, meh...id go for full high no matter whats your PC your so or so not gonna have good fps even on low so why watch sh*t when you can watch the 10/10 graphics 4) engine, meh you cant jump... still 10/10 10/10 would play again if it wasnt for decync and my sh*t net
game-hours: 1452.2
review: Loving this game
game-hours: 1699.6
review: Fun
game-hours: 384.4
review: Great game for all the family to enjoy.
game-hours: 33.4
review: "WERE GOING DOWN, WE GOTTA JUMP" arma 3 is a realistic military shooter based on present day weaponry such as helicopters, vehicles, and weapons. there is a large single player that can keep you buys for quite a while, and all sorts of multiplayer capabilitys. modding is a great thing with this game cause there is so much you can do (ex. epoch, arma life) but its not as easy as it is with counter strike. now alot of people also believe that arma 2 was hard to run, chunky, hard to play but with arma 3 they have a auto setup that chooses what it believes the best settings are for your computer and its amazing (i still wouldnt play it on a laptop that isnt built only for gaming but runs great on my $600 desktop. if your looking for a challenge, or your the patient sniper who can wait for quite a while to pick of the guy who is wrecking everybody. or the ace pilot, who can get in and drop off 6 people in less then 15 seconds and get out. this game is for somebody who is willing to put in the time. or the single player like i said can keep u busy for a while. so finally cons: even with the setting auto-tuner the game can still be kinda laggy and glitchy if you have a low end machine. the game is very hard, if you dont like a hardcore game where 3 shots at most will kill you easy then this game can make your rage very well. pros: very well made, great weapons/vehicles, the maps and enviroment are large and expansive for large scale war on full servers is amazing to just watch a ground battle sue while aircraft dog it out in the sky and armored apc move towards the city with rienforcement until a guy in a building fires a anti-tank missle and blows it up, the smoke and fire rising to the sky on ultra setting while the survivors run for cover in the nearby bushes ontop of the hill and the sniper takes out the man in the building. so do i recommend this game? yes i do but you got to be willing to put your time into this game or you wont have the same experience as somebody who loves this game and has over 1000 hours on it.
game-hours: 13.7
review: Arma 3 is a very special game. The realism that is blended with the game really brings the game to life. The maps in the game are extremely huge, allowing for people to roam and have great battles. The gamemodes associated with Arma 3 show what fun can be had. Battle Royale is among my favorites, where the game is a hunger-games-like survival competition. There is a variety of vehicles, including aerial and sea. The weapons have many attachments, and some have the unique trait to have tracers. Overall, the game is a thrilling experience. 9/10
game-hours: 5.1
review: Pros: This game is just beautiful. Very Photorealistic! When I first looked around in the game it was like "whoa!". I can max it on my GTX 980 in 2k at around 40-50 fps, Multiplayer allows a large amount of people to play on massive maps. The controls are great, you can have total control over you player. Weapon accuracy is realistic, you cant hit anything without being tactical. It has a great training section that I advise you play before jumping into a server. Cons: The muliplayer... i just dont understand. I admit I haven't done any research on how to play, I didnt know I had to. I have not met a friendly entity in any game yet. As of now EVERY encounter with another play has resulted in them shooting me, tazering me or hancuffing me to sell to another more advanced player... there is nothing you can do about it, both the faction and the police have simmilar procedures. There are, it seems, 1k commands. It will take a while of remapping for comfort and accessability, let alone learning the bulk of them. Conclusion: It looks great and is the most immersive FPS I have ever played. So get it! Very taxing game on the graphics card. Screen shots look amazing, but the 45fps is not enough to be competative, so I will have to turn down settings =( OR buy another 980 =)
game-hours: 1828.4
review: I run a unit for ArmA 3 unit and all I have to say is get a good group of guys and play with them and do it like t supposed to be (Tactically) and you will have the best time ever! HIGHLY Recommended!
game-hours: 614.7
review: By far the best game I have played in my life!
game-hours: 153.0
review: Vanilla ARMA 3 is alright, but ive found it to be better with mods from both the Workshop and Armaholic. Ive got in total about 30 monds that run everytime i play. I do however dislike the fact that they went all futuristic with the guns (the MX series is "based" on the ACR) Leaving it up to the modding community to devolope mods that add in better guns :)
game-hours: 155.7
review: Recomend playing. Driving Meh
game-hours: 139.6
review: Brilliant game. When it first came out, the game was buggy, glitchy, and pretty much unplayable. But that was to be expected. Now it's a brilliant combat simulator which I love to play in my spare time. Easy on the frames, great scenery, and awesome weapons. The update on the physics engine was on par as well. But I would say they need to "dumb down" the fatigue system. After running 50 metres with heavy gear and becoming fatigued is to be expected, but the character waves around the gun like he's aiming for a fast moving dragonfly. But that's the only thing they need to work on. Overall, this game is a must in your steam library list. 10/10
game-hours: 6.0
review: i git it for free and now its not why
game-hours: 15.0
review: It's frustratingly fun. So, thumbs up.
game-hours: 55.2
review: Very good game just need to fix bugs i recommend it to all
game-hours: 39.4
review: Awsome Game ..
game-hours: 459.4
review: Good graphics and sexy  music all it needs now is B****s
game-hours: 45.9
review: this game is awsome
game-hours: 26.2
review: Together me and 2 friends did a bunch of drugs, drove into town square, then proced to run over a cop whilst smoking from my body from the Marijuana. 11/10
game-hours: 135.6
review: Rated 8/10, difficult but rewarding.
game-hours: 90.0
review: Awesome,simply the ultimate military simulation. Fantastic graphics and visual and pure realism. Incredible weapons feedback and perfect accuracy of balistic and physical. Many awesome user missions such as: Altis life RPG, Wasteland and many more .
game-hours: 237.6
review: First of all, ARMA is not a shooter like COD or BF. The pace, style of gameplay, maps, are really different, but I have to say that it is more enjoyable, funny, and COMMUNICATING with the other players is great. For example, being the gunner of a tank: there are numbers that tell you direction and distance, so other player inside the tank tells you the indications to shoot. You wont be able to find this anywhere else. Or being in a squad, splitting in pairs to clear some buildings while the other 2 players cover you. It is important to make clear that you buy ARMA for its multiplayer and coop mode. If you are looking for campaign game, dont buy this. Also, if you are planning to buy this game, I have to tell you that you will have to join a clan to enjoy this game to its maximum; otherwise, by yourself, you wont like it as much :S Joining a clan means you will have to download MODs (content created by the community), and probably TeamSpeak (program similar to Skype) to play with them (all clans ask for a mic, take that into account). To sum it up, ARMA is a total unique in the experience out in the market regarding FPS. Nonetheless, to have a good time you need to join a clan and play with other people, and be willing to download new content.
game-hours: 0.2
review: Its ok.
game-hours: 91.2
review: Nothing on Earth can run this game. What I can do, however, is enjoyable.
game-hours: 246.5
review: Great game
game-hours: 887.0
review: Shooting the black player's is so fun.
game-hours: 2.3
review: pretty expensive pc stress test
game-hours: 80.9
review: Will light your CPU on fire. 7/10
game-hours: 680.2
review: has some good memes
game-hours: 379.9
review: Fell 50 meters out of a chopper in multiplayer, didn't open my chute and lived. 10/10
game-hours: 131.0
review: A well made military simulator with a great community. The game puts you right in the action during those tense moments when the bullets flying around you could kill you in one or two hits, making every battle decision worth thinking over. Missions with a team could never be more realistic then when you are just a band of gamers who have never met before, hunched over your computers and just barely making a dent in the OPFOR forces. Even when you are on the move to the action, the game still keeps your attention. The moments when you are completely oblivious, then suddenly ragdoll to the ground with the respawn screen popping up really teach you to be aware. Overall, ArmA III is an amazing game that made a lasting impression on me, considering I'm new to the series. Originally buying it to play Altis Life, I soon found the rich treasure trove of content this game holds.
game-hours: 127.6
review: A fantastic game which hold countless hours of gameplay and stories and funtimes :DDDD
game-hours: 562.1
review: 11/10
game-hours: 280.5
review: This is a great step up from ArmA 2. They did take an odd turn and remove most weapons from the base game to get people to buy additional DLC. Beyond that, the new graphics introduced is a nice update to the game that introduces working screens and a cleaner look. The "ArmA physics" for vehicles that used to be a riot when in a wheeled vehicle has been largely updated and has less vehicles flying 200 ft. into the air. All in all, a great game to play with friends or even random people to get your tactics on.
game-hours: 3.1
review: Absolutely fantastic and never played before game. This game is a beast! I recommend this game with 9/10 Stars
game-hours: 0.2
review: this game suck
game-hours: 897.2
review: Very fun game. Playable for hours on hours. Great community, and lots of addons. Totally recommended.
game-hours: 237.9
review: Arma III altis life = real life at 20fps
game-hours: 163.3
review: Arma 3 the only game i have played where i was like hum this map is big be i wont see any one and then get shot buy a jet
game-hours: 0.2
review: Its ok.
game-hours: 91.2
review: Nothing on Earth can run this game. What I can do, however, is enjoyable.
game-hours: 551.7
review: Ok so the bottom line is, this is not just a shooter, its not just a multiplayer shooter similar to the likes of Black ops 2, AW or anything like that, it is as close to a military simulator. I love KOTH(King of the Hill) great game & can be played as alone wolf or with friends. I have to give this 11/10
game-hours: 287.8
review: You're going to need a good PC to run this with a reasonable amount of frames, and you're going to need to abandon your Call of Duty mentality to truly enjoy this --and you're also going to want to get serious about the mod community- but if you're a fan of military style games and want a massive environment with no invisible walls, then this is the game for you.
game-hours: 41.4
review: Best CoD running simulator Walk 10 meters, start having an asthma attack
game-hours: 155.4
review: The game needs a larger arsenal of guns and more vehicles for civilians, otherwise I see that the game is going along quite nicely.
game-hours: 626.7
review: One of the best FPS games out there, highly recomend this to any one in need of a change from the usual, close quarters Call of duty type games.
game-hours: 32.4
review: spent my first 10 minutes playing black jack at the casino then went up to a rebel base got my license and saw someone get shot
game-hours: 0.8
review: It's a amazing simulator, it has amazing communcation techniuges the bring gamers toghethor and make them use there brain more.
game-hours: 425.1
review: GRRRRRRR8
game-hours: 275.2
review: this is not a game you play on your own. youll be missrable
game-hours: 1659.8
review: Best game in the world, beautiful graphics...
game-hours: 284.1
review: Best thing since Wolfenstein 3D!
game-hours: 88.3
review: I can be a rabit 10/10
game-hours: 159.5
review: Arma 3 is a military simulator. It's not supposed to be played like Call of Duty or Battlefield where you run and gun, but you most certainly can. It helps to play this game with other people, because the AI isn;t very helpful. There is also the problem with bugs that come with any Arma game. You will break your legs from running around, you will get trapped in the world, and you will get stuck doing simple actions; you will also love every minute of it. When you learn how to deal with these issues, the game is an absolute blast.The draw of the game isn't the base game, it is the mods. Just like Arma 2, this game will have a long lifespan because of mods like Arma LIfe, Epoch, Battle Royale, Breaking Point... just to name a few. Just be sure before to watch some videos or read the instructions on various websites before you mod the game so that you don't have to reinstall your game or spend hours trying to figure out what you did wrong. 9/10 Would fly a helicopter into a tank again, bring a friend, but please fix the annoying bugs.
game-hours: 59.0
review: awsome
game-hours: 451.2
review: its ok
game-hours: 1136.2
review: 10/10 game
game-hours: 281.7
review: ayy lmao
game-hours: 215.3
review: Very good,very real
game-hours: 84.7
review: Is like a butt
game-hours: 74.5
review: So the majority of players populate RPG servers like Atlis Life instead of servers that host military maps such as CTi Warfare. That is proof enough that the game is a massive failure for what it is intended. IMO the failure is down to lack of content first and foremost. Lack of guns, lack of everything , not even a BRDM ATGM or "futuristic" equivilent that I feel is essential for any battlefield.... just one example, nevermind the rest of the stuff that is missing. Oh, and charging relativelty big money for two helicopters and a flight model that nobody even asked for... Ridiculous. Operation Arrowhead/Resistance etc... cost just a little more and had massive content. People bleat on (especially the stepford wives on the BIS forums) about "supporting the devs" and buy the overpriced DLC. I bought the game therefore I am supporting the devs. If you want more money from me then release an OA style addon and not low content DLC BS. What in gods name have the devs been doing all this time if these simple DLC packs are all they have to release? Every game since CWC has a major addon released within a year give or take a few months..... except Arma 3 And the weapon sway... By all means make the shooting mechanics unique and difficult to master (I dont want a COD clone here) But when I play, I like to play CTI maps. That includes killing vast amounts of infantry. Before it was no problem. Now I have to play a stupid minigame everytime I want to line up my sights with a target meaning the game is impossibly long and infuriating. There is not even a server setting to customise the game for a particular game mode. WTF is that about? If you just put that in then that would make it a whole lot less tiresome for a lot of people. I had high hopes for the game when I bought it but I just cannot recommend it. Buy Arma 2 and all the addons for very cheap and just play that. Arma 2 is a vastly superior game and that makes me very sad indeed.
game-hours: 121.4
review: Amazing game, The desyncs are incredible
game-hours: 411.1
review: Great game!!!!
game-hours: 354.7
review: GOOD
game-hours: 1.0
review: i love hand cuffing people and making them bow down and kiss my feet.
game-hours: 572.1
review: This game is awesome, I have logged more hours into this game than any other game.
game-hours: 97.4
review: epic...
game-hours: 934.3
review: Great game without mods. EVEN BETTER WITH MODS! MY FAVORITE MODS ARE TFAR AND ACRE!
game-hours: 31.9
review: Great game for hardcore gamers cant wait for what more is to come in this game
game-hours: 113.8
review: Arma 3 is a masterpiece that i think will be played for a a long time! This game has beautiful graphics of terrain and objects. Gameplay mechanics are quite easy to learn but becoming a master takes time and practice, you maybe able to kill from 100 meters but you will have to train to kill at 1000. There are a wide selection of weapons and clothing for your charicter, ranging from Ghille Suits to Civillian clothing. Where I think this game shines is the scale of combat, With two absolutly huge maps and combat scenarios Arma will never give you the same scenario twice! This isn't any arcade shooter, Arma is a TACTICAL shooter, some would even call it a role-playing game! SUMMARY: BUY this game if you have a moderatly powerfull pc!
game-hours: 180.1
review: Sandbox multiplayer is awesome. Don't even bother going to in-game gun stores. Grab whatever rifle and equipment you can and make use. I found a submachine pistol and a silencer, a smoke grenade and some glow sticks. Left my car running on a busy road at night with the lights on and watched it. Surrounded it with glow sticks. killed three people and came away with a decent back pack, rifle and grenade launcher and a ghillie suit. With space to pack my handy little PDW. Don't get angry when you get shot after hunting down the perfect kit and have to hike for miles and miles again. Downside @ 29/11/14 Is there are a lot of hackers at present and it's ruining the fun. This game still gets 5 out of 5 stars
game-hours: 71.0
review: Absolutly Amazing army simulator, Great with friends if you wanna try something tactical. GREAT Game and love the custom maps which people make. Very high quality and considered and can keep for entertained forever! Great Game. 9/10 Con: The only con i have is the AI is very skilled when it comes to where you are, they know very much. but thats the only downside i have.
game-hours: 5.6
review: I got in an Altis Life server and was arrested for stealing a police truck
game-hours: 0.3
review: so much lag, even wtih the resolution turned down. i want my money back.
game-hours: 103.3
review: I find ARMA 3 hard to play. It's single player is though, the AI is merciless and some game mechanics are hard to get under control. But wow, ARMA 3 really comes to live when you play this game online with other people. There are tons of good, fun servers you could lose yourself in for days. Doing missions taking hours at an end, under professional leadership from an HQ, pilots, Squad Leaders and your mates. You get to know them. You don't want to die. You leave no man behind. And after a while, you try to take leadership. And people give you that. The game is though, the community takes that, and owns that toughness by making the rules on yourself as a player though. No lone wolfing, this isnt Battlefield. This is a battlefield.
game-hours: 27.6
review: Arma 3 makes big steps forward with a huge world and more vehicles and weapons. This time around its trump card is Steam workshop integration though, making downloading mods effortless. A smart move by Bohemia Interactive because it are those mods that will give Arma 3 its long lifespan. Unfortunately Arma 3 is quite inaccessible and doesn't seem to grow along with modern game design on certain fronts. Space time and perseverance are your best friends here, until Bohemia's support starts paying off.
game-hours: 24.4
review: Altis Life is the best mod on this game!
game-hours: 38.0
review: Arma 3 is a miltary simulator through and through, but unlike most simulators Arma 3 has a campaign with in-depth story to boot and competitive MP that's more then decent. The AI is of a standard above what most games have to offer out there and each weapon, ground or aireal vehicle strive to give as realistic experience as can do when operating said equipment. Weapons need to be zeroised and as per actual warfair Artillery or Mortars need to be given a Grid Reference (GR) before effective fire can be achieved; and you yourself can operate fire support weapons. The campaign is set into episodes and each episode has just below ten missions that offer a challenge in every aspect. Although your AI teammates need to be babysitted somewhat and the game could use some more optimisation but that's a small price to pay in a game that is overall great. I score this game a 8.5/10.
game-hours: 10.9
review: This game is an total Masterpiece, its the closest you can ever get with trying to remake a Millitary Simulation Game. i say buy it!, you won't get dissapointed. and you even have tons of awesome mods, like a DayZ: Arma 3 Mod (Epoch) , which looks and plays even better than DayZ standalone, itself, you have base building mechanics, tons of weapons, and best of all , you can play on player made maps, and don't make me even start talking about Arma 3 Battle Royale. yeah and btw, The game runs much better on Intel CPU'S than on AMD CPU'S especially in Mulitplayer.
game-hours: 42.3
review: good
game-hours: 1.9
review: this game
game-hours: 198.9
review: ArmA 3, successor of ArmA 2 and ArmA 2 : OA, is in my opinion the best ArmA game yet released. ArmA was always known for it's moddabillity and the user's freedom to create their own missions, since Bohemia Interactive released "ArmA 3 Tools" modding became even more easy. There are many really good mods out there, some are as good and big as a whole DLC! The game without mods is also good of course, the campaign was well designed and there are many fun multiplayer missions, which you don't need mods for (only few actually need mods).Everyone who played ArmA 2 or any other ArmA game, and liked it for it's tactical depth, it's moddabillity, all the multiplayer missions or for whatever reason this game is defenitely worth it's money. A note to all DayZ fans : DayZ Epoch (the most popular DayZMod version since somewhere in 2013 i think) is comming out for ArmA 3 somewhen, at least they announced it, only closed alpha when i last checked. tl;dr ? A GOOD GAME !
game-hours: 404.2
review: I don't have a review for this game yet.....I dont have a review for this game yet.... Holy crap I cant believe I havent reviewed this game yet. this game is honestly my favorite game for more reasons than any other game could possibly deliver. Arma 3 is a near future set game that delivers combined arms operations for a massive number of players. This game is definitly a more mature game. This game reward tactics, cordination, patience and attention to detail. This isn't a shooter for the masses. honestly arma is a niche game for a niche audience. Sure it has down falls, but they can be overlooked if you give it a chance and really experience what this game can do. Providing massive options and a massive map is only part of the magic that is Arma 3. A bunch of ingredients are useless without a good kitchen. Arma 3s kitchen is the editor. The editor allows anyone to create anyone to make missions with almost any asset in game. This provides endless replayablility as well as an excellent way for peopel to create missions to play with friends. The game play isn't perfect, it can be slow and nothing is going to be over the top like battlefield or CoD but its does provide an excelllent military simulation where every death will be infuriating but acceptable and every victory glorious but hard fought. The maps is over 219km squared, but alot of it feels empty and the parts that aren't feel really empty, with the map more would be less and I could go on, but I wont for the sake of brevity. The AI leave something to be desired, friendly AI seem about as smart as a bag of rocks, except the rocks win every time. They don't follow orders well, if they do, its almost certainly cluncky and awkward. The opposing AI are just as bad. If they don't see you from a mile away and kill you with a cold bore headshot, theyre sure to hit the deck and see right throught the bush you are hiding in and return fire accordingly. There is more to this game than what appears when you first launch it. The mod community is massive. There are mods for just about everything, which makes anything possible. These games totally expand the game to insane new heights, and some change the game all together. The people who play this game are amazing. I have made some awesome friends because of this game, and continue to make more as I go. Playing with people who compliment your play style improve the game ten fold are a critical part in the Arma 3 experience. This series has been around for over 9 years and continues to grow and mature with every installation and so does the community. I love this game and the people who play it. I don't think I'll ever stop. So here's to the next 9 years of Arma games. 10/10
game-hours: 3.9
review: You can make some really weird  with this game... But hey 10/10 Would Weird  again
game-hours: 74.5
review: So the majority of players populate RPG servers like Atlis Life instead of servers that host military maps such as CTi Warfare. That is proof enough that the game is a massive failure for what it is intended. IMO the failure is down to lack of content first and foremost. Lack of guns, lack of everything , not even a BRDM ATGM or "futuristic" equivilent that I feel is essential for any battlefield.... just one example, nevermind the rest of the stuff that is missing. Oh, and charging relativelty big money for two helicopters and a flight model that nobody even asked for... Ridiculous. Operation Arrowhead/Resistance etc... cost just a little more and had massive content. People bleat on (especially the stepford wives on the BIS forums) about "supporting the devs" and buy the overpriced DLC. I bought the game therefore I am supporting the devs. If you want more money from me then release an OA style addon and not low content DLC BS. What in gods name have the devs been doing all this time if these simple DLC packs are all they have to release? Every game since CWC has a major addon released within a year give or take a few months..... except Arma 3 And the weapon sway... By all means make the shooting mechanics unique and difficult to master (I dont want a COD clone here) But when I play, I like to play CTI maps. That includes killing vast amounts of infantry. Before it was no problem. Now I have to play a stupid minigame everytime I want to line up my sights with a target meaning the game is impossibly long and infuriating. There is not even a server setting to customise the game for a particular game mode. WTF is that about? If you just put that in then that would make it a whole lot less tiresome for a lot of people. I had high hopes for the game when I bought it but I just cannot recommend it. Buy Arma 2 and all the addons for very cheap and just play that. Arma 2 is a vastly superior game and that makes me very sad indeed.
game-hours: 121.4
review: Amazing game, The desyncs are incredible
game-hours: 191.6
review: Totally worth your money. Because its like garry's mod (community made stuffs) you can download anything Problem is few are only hardworking on the workshop :/ Because of course its hard (high res/Quality items)
game-hours: 111.2
review: Takes a good few hours, maybe even days to get used to the controls and how the whole combat system works. Once you have gotten the hang of it, it gets awesome. None of the "I am a 12 year old running through 10 guys killing them all with a knife CoD style ." The realism is rediculous. YES there are some bugs and like all the ARMA games has it moments, but its the closest you'll get to a virtual reality war game. DEF GET IT KIDS.
game-hours: 394.0
review: one word----- AMAZING
game-hours: 369.6
review: recommended !
game-hours: 557.8
review: wow such fun many death
game-hours: 79.8
review: bruh just bought this game and it goes 50% off next day... , buy it tho
game-hours: 0.3
review: gud
game-hours: 218.3
review: BEST WAR SIMULATOR EVER!! MELHOR SIMULADOR DE GUERRA!! 9.5/10
game-hours: 142.3
review: Good.
game-hours: 704.6
review: 10/10 Would Play 420 Hours Again
game-hours: 1076.5
review: I have put over 1000 hours into this game, played the  out of it, edited and made missions all night till the sun came up. It is the best military sim you will ever play. Anything can be done in this game, and the mods make this stupid realistic. It can fit a run and gun play style, or you can do it tactically. Personally I played it with a handful of friends, and even underwent training from a guy with 9+ years in Special Forces. This game is the real deal. And you will not find one like it. That being said, I have stopped playing Arma because of their money loving developers who really bent their fans over and violeted them in their no-no places. The game still runs poorly on high end systems, there are hundreds of content missing from the game that was promised since prior Alpha, but God Forbid they are releasing pointless DLC's to squeeze every penny out of our wallets. (Go Karts? Seriously?) And not ot mention a Helicopter DLC that adds 2....2!!!!! New Helicopters, that are ALREADY in the game, you just can't fly them, for $15. If that's not the BIGGEST Scumbaggery I have ever seen, then I don't know what is. Overall, the game is fantastic, but the Devs have completely lost my support and respect. That being aside. I will give this game my 10/10 for the sake of Arma. But I'd rather give it a zero because of Bohemia Interactive.
game-hours: 438.9
review: Arma 3 is fun if you have friends to play it with. plus thiers a wide vairity of mods such Breaking Point that can enhance your arma experiance. Buy it on sale and Have fun!
game-hours: 542.2
review: Arma 3 is one of the best selling FPS Sandbox games ever made. Some of those people come from arma 2 or arma 1 but most people I know, arma 3 was their first arma game. From flying helicopters to infantry rush. Arma 3 has a huge community and is still growing today! Also not to note the spectacular performance by the dev team update almost weekly. The best thing I love about aroma is there always going to be something new each time you play from Altis life to the realism units. Friend me if you want to see some screenshots of arma 3 ~Macmaster
game-hours: 220.3
review: Great game. Go either in Third Person or First Person and you can still have a lot of fun! Role-playing in the game mode Altis Life has been awesome and hilarious so far as well as playing the game modes Deathmatch and King of The Hill! Although Bohemia Interactive never optimize their game... 8/10. Outstanding gameplay but lack of optimization.
game-hours: 24.4
review: Altis Life is the best mod on this game!
game-hours: 38.0
review: Arma 3 is a miltary simulator through and through, but unlike most simulators Arma 3 has a campaign with in-depth story to boot and competitive MP that's more then decent. The AI is of a standard above what most games have to offer out there and each weapon, ground or aireal vehicle strive to give as realistic experience as can do when operating said equipment. Weapons need to be zeroised and as per actual warfair Artillery or Mortars need to be given a Grid Reference (GR) before effective fire can be achieved; and you yourself can operate fire support weapons. The campaign is set into episodes and each episode has just below ten missions that offer a challenge in every aspect. Although your AI teammates need to be babysitted somewhat and the game could use some more optimisation but that's a small price to pay in a game that is overall great. I score this game a 8.5/10.
game-hours: 5.8
review: I don't have it but I think I'd like it.
game-hours: 269.0
review: Been with the series since the original flashpoint. There's simply nothing else like it. It's versatility exceeds anything else out there. Wholeheartedly recommended
game-hours: 80.0
review: This game is amazing! I enjoy having the more realistic feel, while still maintaining the fun of murder!
game-hours: 636.0
review: Almost a perfect infantry combat experience. The peripheries aren't quite polished, especially air combat, and there is a lack of content in the base game, but the ability to make mods for this game is what really makes it shine. Overall I give this game a 9/10
game-hours: 59.8
review: Beautufitul...
game-hours: 7.5
review: Fun game. Really fun for mucking around or just surviving online. Huge map. Great with mods (zombie survival mods such as Zoombies). Must play shooter.
game-hours: 341.4
review: Pros - Fun Editor Good Multiplayer Nice Community Good Devs Cons - FPS lag if you dont have a amazing computer Hard too solo - multiplayer Over all 9/10
game-hours: 161.7
review: GET THIS  IF U GOT A INTEL CPU DEN U GET FPS IF UR  GOT AMD U R GONNA LAG LIKE A
game-hours: 0.3
review: gud
game-hours: 218.3
review: BEST WAR SIMULATOR EVER!! MELHOR SIMULADOR DE GUERRA!! 9.5/10
game-hours: 142.3
review: Good.
game-hours: 704.6
review: 10/10 Would Play 420 Hours Again
game-hours: 1076.5
review: I have put over 1000 hours into this game, played the  out of it, edited and made missions all night till the sun came up. It is the best military sim you will ever play. Anything can be done in this game, and the mods make this stupid realistic. It can fit a run and gun play style, or you can do it tactically. Personally I played it with a handful of friends, and even underwent training from a guy with 9+ years in Special Forces. This game is the real deal. And you will not find one like it. That being said, I have stopped playing Arma because of their money loving developers who really bent their fans over and violeted them in their no-no places. The game still runs poorly on high end systems, there are hundreds of content missing from the game that was promised since prior Alpha, but God Forbid they are releasing pointless DLC's to squeeze every penny out of our wallets. (Go Karts? Seriously?) And not ot mention a Helicopter DLC that adds 2....2!!!!! New Helicopters, that are ALREADY in the game, you just can't fly them, for $15. If that's not the BIGGEST Scumbaggery I have ever seen, then I don't know what is. Overall, the game is fantastic, but the Devs have completely lost my support and respect. That being aside. I will give this game my 10/10 for the sake of Arma. But I'd rather give it a zero because of Bohemia Interactive.
game-hours: 438.9
review: Arma 3 is fun if you have friends to play it with. plus thiers a wide vairity of mods such Breaking Point that can enhance your arma experiance. Buy it on sale and Have fun!
game-hours: 542.2
review: Arma 3 is one of the best selling FPS Sandbox games ever made. Some of those people come from arma 2 or arma 1 but most people I know, arma 3 was their first arma game. From flying helicopters to infantry rush. Arma 3 has a huge community and is still growing today! Also not to note the spectacular performance by the dev team update almost weekly. The best thing I love about aroma is there always going to be something new each time you play from Altis life to the realism units. Friend me if you want to see some screenshots of arma 3 ~Macmaster
game-hours: 220.3
review: Great game. Go either in Third Person or First Person and you can still have a lot of fun! Role-playing in the game mode Altis Life has been awesome and hilarious so far as well as playing the game modes Deathmatch and King of The Hill! Although Bohemia Interactive never optimize their game... 8/10. Outstanding gameplay but lack of optimization.
game-hours: 134.9
review: good game!!!
game-hours: 158.5
review: gr8 game i r8 8/8 k ima go masturb8
game-hours: 562.1
review: 11/10
game-hours: 193.8
review: i DONT LIKE WARFARE IN THIS GAME. SOUNDS WIERD RIGHT? well I prefer the altis life!
game-hours: 86.3
review: Imagine a game that was completed by the developers. Who routinely worked to upkeep, maintain and fix any lingering issues. This is not that game. 2 years in the making and it feels just like DayZ alpha. Incomplete, bug filled and constant DLCS that you can buy but dont expect anything to be fixed or working in any of it. Waste of money and time.
game-hours: 507.5
review: Just Yes.
game-hours: 2.3
review: I love and I hate it
game-hours: 12.0
review: The game is very overpriced but if you're a fan of military simulator you should buy it
game-hours: 17.4
review: Arma 3, the best military sim out there. Me and my squad load into the plane, just another drop in an enemy town. The plan was to sabotage th AA so we could carpet bomb the place. Our recon ****** up. We were supposed to drop in far enough away so are plane wouldn't get hit, but apparently the AA were farther up than expected. "JUMP! JUMP! JUMP!" our sargent said. We all jumped. Into the forest Surrounded by the enemy. We all rallied at the plane crash, and decided to fortify there to hold off the enemy. "We will die today men, but for every man hit, ten of their's will fall!" They closed in... We shot six rounds.. They responded with artillary.. oohh, the artillary. I surived with broken legs. just me. All alone. As I crawled through the carnage, I saw sarge, lying their, blood seeping through his cloaths. I black out, from the loss of blood. And I never wake up. Ever, ever, again.
game-hours: 6.7
review: It's like skyrim with guns
game-hours: 374.1
review: Read this before you buy the game, because you're about to step into a massively new world. Arma 3 was such a big leap since Arma 2 and left many Arma players shocked (Including me). WIth new weapons, vehicles, infantry, drones, maps, and more leaves you with a brand new world to explore. Now that you can swim, you have a wider access to the new maps. Unlike Arma 2, you will actually enjoy swimming in the ocean! There is much more to talk about, but it's too much to explain. One word before I go, Amazing.
game-hours: 143.4
review: Banned for someone elses fault Period Life in altis gets givin million bux BI bans me  you Bohema!  you!
game-hours: 27.3
review: Buggy as hell. They never fixed weird issues like being able to walk through walls. Hard to tell when you've actually shot someone. No real visual indicator that you've shot someone, so you end up shooting them 5 times out of confusion. Single player campaign seems badly thought out. I basically had to save scum to get off of the first island. AI is awful. No armory mode or quick mission mode. I regret buying this in alpha.
game-hours: 209.2
review: I will never ever buy another mistake (Bohemia Interactive game). I trusted this company and purchased this game in Alpha. Not only did they deliver a buggy failure. They have the nerve of releasing expensive DLCs that are meant to be included in the game. And announcing new games when they haven't even finished whats on their plate. This developer should be renamed as EA v2.1 Never again BI, never again.
game-hours: 86.3
review: Imagine a game that was completed by the developers. Who routinely worked to upkeep, maintain and fix any lingering issues. This is not that game. 2 years in the making and it feels just like DayZ alpha. Incomplete, bug filled and constant DLCS that you can buy but dont expect anything to be fixed or working in any of it. Waste of money and time.
game-hours: 374.1
review: Read this before you buy the game, because you're about to step into a massively new world. Arma 3 was such a big leap since Arma 2 and left many Arma players shocked (Including me). WIth new weapons, vehicles, infantry, drones, maps, and more leaves you with a brand new world to explore. Now that you can swim, you have a wider access to the new maps. Unlike Arma 2, you will actually enjoy swimming in the ocean! There is much more to talk about, but it's too much to explain. One word before I go, Amazing.
game-hours: 9.2
review: War changes people.. >Taking a stroll through the woods in single player campaign. >Hear a loud explosion. Look over and my sergeant is dead. >Killed by landmine >Kneel over his body crying >"Sergeant Adams no!" >Im lost without him. >I know what I must do. >I must become Sergeant Adams. >I Remove all of my cloths while i stare over his lifeless body >Emerge from the woods 20 Mins later wearing bloody cloths and a helmet >Return to camp >"Sergeant Adams Reporting for duty!" >No one asks why I'm wearing his cloths >I continue to wear the helmet throughout the campaign >Adams is love, Adams is life. 10/10 Would PTSD again
game-hours: 6.7
review: It's like skyrim with guns
game-hours: 143.4
review: Banned for someone elses fault Period Life in altis gets givin million bux BI bans me  you Bohema!  you!
game-hours: 35.2
review: Its great! The vanilla game is fun to play, and when mods are installed the game is even better! Play this game if you: Like aircraft Like tanks Like open world games Like to explore Like to destroy things Like to play multiplayer Like to mess around Like to rekt scrubs 8/8 m8
game-hours: 537.8
review: Arma amazing game. Do not buy if you have a dollar store/Wal-Mart PC. I love Arma 3, super fun.
game-hours: 1339.4
review: a little hard to get use to and takes alot of skill, but is the game of which I have spent the most amount of time on and never get bored of due to the completely dynamic multiplayer and community made missions and mods. This game is truly a hell of an experiance and I personally recommend it especially to persons who may be either interested or are already in the millitary
game-hours: 9.7
review: funnest  in multiplayer
game-hours: 27.3
review: Buggy as hell. They never fixed weird issues like being able to walk through walls. Hard to tell when you've actually shot someone. No real visual indicator that you've shot someone, so you end up shooting them 5 times out of confusion. Single player campaign seems badly thought out. I basically had to save scum to get off of the first island. AI is awful. No armory mode or quick mission mode. I regret buying this in alpha.
game-hours: 526.9
review: GUNS! EXPLODING CARS! DESYNC! BUGS! MODS! FLYING TANKS! 10/10
game-hours: 17.4
review: Arma's popularity stems from the fact that it's a modern shooter with good modding support. That's it. The game itself is heavily flawed and buggy. Bohemia Interactive's strategy is to exploit the lack of moddable shooters by releasing a half- game and letting the modding community fix it. Sure, there will be some great mods for the game but their success shouldn't be attributed to Arma. Games like Battlefield 1942, Battlefield 2, and the Half-Life series were hugely popular due to all the great mods made for them. But the games themselves, without mods, were actually competent. With the shift to catering towards console gamers, modding support has fell by the wayside, and Arma, perhaps unintentionally, fills that gap. But Arma has horrible AI, horrible physics, horrible performance, a clunky UI, and so on. If Arma weren't moddable, I'm confident its metacritic rating would be more like 5/10.
game-hours: 235.2
review: Arma 3 broken game broken promises. Arma 3 alpha comes out, has great voice over quality, great hit registry, guns work when you shoot them. They update it. Broken voice over, broken hit registry (90% of bullets don't register a hit), car physics are for trolls, all the servers are run by admin and friends (donate money and they will ban whoever you don't like), planes don't work, AA shoot you down from 5 km away. The only thing fun is flying a helicopter. Running is broken in the game. Play epoch mod and get shot by a five year old hiding in the bushes in his underwear. Bad games made worse. Just pretty graphics, however half the servers run terribly and don't support high frames so even if you have a nice computer good luck getting good frames. Would have been great if they just left it in alpha instead of screwing it up.
game-hours: 324.9
review: You're basically buying the engine, the "game" itself is  the only satisfaction you'll get from A3 is from the community made maps and mods therefore i can not recommend this
game-hours: 5.9
review: Tried this for the free weekend to see if I could enjoy it. Played on normal and the difficulty was far too great for me to find fun. I respect this game and feel its good and everything, but even on the lowest difficulty I find it near impossible to find and shoot the enemy. Gun sway is really intense, and this is with me lagging behind the rest of the AI players walking to preserve energy (im aware of the extra stamina drained when moving crouched). Enemy seems to be able to see through foliage. If you like incredibly difficult things, this game is for you. I took my time to do the tutorial, learn the buttons, positioned myself carefully and usually just ended up getting shot. Theres time compression thank god, however a lot of people might not even realize its there. This game has its moments, but I would recommend Operation Flashpoint Red River over this any day, I find it much more satisfying moment to moment. I am an adult with a full time job, walking through the woods simulator isnt my thing, I gave this game a chance and I feel as though I wasted two hours of my life yesterday. I want to love this game as much as the original operation flashpoint...but I can't, I simply can't (in cleetus voice). Graphically things went well, I have a gtx 660 and 10 gigs of RAm on an i5, with shadow play on and recording I was getting somewhere between 25-70 FPS. FPS drops intensely around buildings. I am runnning it on ultra settings. If you have a system similar to mine you can be pretty much assured to play at an acceptable framerate. If you have friends to play with turn on OF:Red River. The friend I tried this with was too frustrated with the shooting mechanics to enjoy it. This game is good mind you, but not for me....
game-hours: 1.6
review: 20fps but more then requiment specs ;) gg Bohemia !
game-hours: 3.2
review: Paid $70 for this and I've spent more time trying to figure out how to join multiplayer servers than I have even played the game: Play>Multiplayer>any server - - Loads for a second then returns me to server list without saying why, as if it never happened before. Waste of money, thanks.
game-hours: 48.7
review: Arma 2? Amazing. Decent DLC. Arma 3? Great. HORRIBLE DLC. For the simple fact they're charging 10.99 for TWO helicopters, I'm just done witht his game.
game-hours: 451.3
review: Arma 3 is not a game you should pay $60.00 for. The game does indeed offer a few nice features but it does not offer the good, realistic, and tactical gameplay you would recieve from Arma 2
game-hours: 5.8
review: fix everything plz
game-hours: 7.3
review: All I can say is this is the worst POS coded game I have ever played. While I do not have the most current hardware, 280x, 3.6GHZ Proc, 16GB Ram and SSD the FPS are at best 24. When using autodetect I get 14fps. Really? I spent money on this? Save your money and buy something playable. I even tried the process prioroty and run scripts. THIS IS A WASTE OF MONEY
game-hours: 266.5
review: Sad to see how far Bohemia Interactive has fallen. Dont buy this B$#@ S%$@ or the DLC, all DLC should have been in the game in the first place! ARMA 2 had chinooks in the game, for free, they released Cart Racing DLC before Helicopter DLC.... If you do own ARMA 3 already dont waste your money on DLC, the community will mod more Helicopters/Islands into the game for free then BIS ever will. Just wait dont waste your money. Stay Far Away
game-hours: 0.2
review: Arma 3 is definitely more improved than Arma 2, the experience is much better and the graphics has improved and the maps seem to be bigger. However to play it with at least 30fps or higher, you need a supercomputer to do so as this game is horribly optimised. Here is a comparision of my frame rates playing different games Battlefield 4 - 70fps (ultra settings) Tomb Raider - 120fps (Ultra settings) Arma 3 - 40 fps (Standard settings) The graphics of this game is comparable to Tomb Raider. Verdict: Don't buy it unless you own a supercomputer.
game-hours: 251.3
review: You think I'M A ?! For watching anime? HA What a joke let me tell you a story so you can futher grasp just who it is you're talking to when it comes to earning the right to call someone a . Me and my best bro used to play this game where we suck each others'  and call the person who cums first a . I usually win because my bro's never been all that great at ucking, and when he es in my mouth, I make him finish me off then give him a passionate kiss so he has to swallow both loads. Then I berate him for the next hour or so about what a total  he is. To this day I've acumulated over 1200 victories in this battle of skill and edurance, not only over my best bro, but over hundreds of other chalengers. Each just wishing to earn the right to even call me a . So next time you decide to try to berate me by claiming I'm a  for watching anime just remember I doubt you could suck off a  even half as well as I can.
game-hours: 340.8
review: WHY DO I HAVE TO PAY 15 DOLLARS FOR 2 CHOPPERS WHEN THE GAME ALREADY COSTS $45?????? SO STUPID
game-hours: 12.8
review: The staff of this game was pillaged to make DayZ standalone, everything about it is just sad and it makes me nostalgic for vanilla Arma 2. Czech yourself into a mental hospitality if you buy this.
game-hours: 3.7
review: I like military sim games and this one has a lot going for it. But in the several hours I put in to try it out, I found a huge flaw (to me). It has way to many keystrokes to accomplish what you want. Just the simple task of engaging an enemy, requires you to hit 1/2 dozen keys almost. Many keys are dual purposed (press or press & hold) and have to be held with other keys - which means you don't always get your character to do what you want or he does something you don't want. You can of course re-bind any of the keys, but then you end up using every key on the keyboard... literally... even the num pad (if you have one on your keyboard). I think this is just bad design. Sure after a hundred hours, you probably could make it 2nd nature to tap all the keys you need, to do what you want quickly. But come on. I think this game could/would be great if they would simplify the controls. Doesn't need to be COD easy but certainly needs to improve. The one other thing that got me. Trying to play multiplayer and it's very confusing. There is not much to tell you what is going on and what you are doing - and that's just getting into the game (multiply screens to get thru with no instrutions or details). Once you do make it into a game, again no instuctions or details about what's going on and what you are suppose to be doing. I wasn't the only one, other people on the team seem to just be wondering around clueless. Such potential, such fail.
game-hours: 96.3
review: I was a fan of the ArmA series. I really played ArmA II totally grey.. But I had high hopes for ArmA III buying the alpha , promising us more stuff will be added later... Yes that part is true.. ArmA III on itself is totally empty... You have to get Mods and Payable DLC content to make the game interesting... It is like they gave you the engine of the car only.. You have to pay for the wheels , chassis , doors , windows , lights yourself. It is suppose to be MilSim , in order to have that label , it should give us also. What made me being so disappointed about ArmA III... It is that the Helicopter DLC costs 12 euro.. Like WTF
game-hours: 264.9
review: 10/10 Would not buy again -Gamespot
game-hours: 7.2
review: Okay this game needs to fix it's . Now I don't remeber it being this badly before. I'm attempting to ing re-play through the campaign and I cannot get anywhere. They have a fatigue system to where if you run you get exhausted, cannot run, shoot, Ect. Now. Thats good. I like it. BUT. They need to fix it immensely. first time. Can't aim. I lay down for 3 minutes to let him breath. Didn't work. got shot at and killed cause I couldn't shoot back. This same senario happened over and over again. Finally I got sick of it and threw all of my gear on the ground. Had to be my weight right? Nope. It still got me extreamly tired immediately. Now. I wasn't injured (had medpacks on me. 2) I wasn't running up a hill I was walking. Casually. and if it considered the clearing I was in. then well. a bug this game needs to be fixed. I was on the same part for the past two hours. Until I see this fixed. NO. I don't reccommend this game. at all. I never had this trouble before. they broke something. Again
game-hours: 272.7
review: meh. i have a couple of issues with the game. 1. you need a fantastic cpu and decent gpu to handle this game. otherwise, you will be constantly playing at 20 fps 2. for how much processing they take up, the ai is downright stupid. they are still too slow and hardly use enough cover to blend in with players. -to make up for difficulty, the ai is incredibly accurate and good at detecting. 3. the vanilla campaigns are set so your teams are at poor odds with the ai. this is supposed to be realistic, where real world tactics are used. why is my team running into an enemy town through a valley? 4. the armor system is awful. it takes 5-6 shots to kill with the medium caliber assault rifles. i know they say its because of plate carriers. plates don't necessarily stop bullets, they take a lot of energy out of them so you don't die immediately. getting shot is still going to put you out of a fight. anything past .243 or 6.5 is going to start breaking bones; it would be amazing if you could even still move on your own let alone shoot back accurately. 5. the campaign is mediocre with missions that take too long and put too much responsiblity on the player trying to have fun. arma2 also had bad voice actors with bad lines, but this is a little better. its stilll not much of an improvement. 6.wonky user interface. this have improved on a lot over time, and there are mods to make it more intuitive. it still takes a while to do anything in your inventory though; maybe because in real life, it would take time to rummage through your pockets and ruck sack to find anything. it still sucks though 7. no tutorial. yes i know there is a 'boot camp' thing now. that hardly explains how to use anything. it still missed subjects like actual fighting, flying helicopters and jets, taking cover. 8. mission editor. how do you use it? i don't really know. ive been messing with it for years, i still dont think i know much about how it all works. 9. multiplayer. it doesnt happen. at least from what ive seen. just about all the servers are locked clan servers, or empty public matches. the server browser is cluttered and confusing with no explanation of what it all means. i mean call of duty was so successful partly because of its join a random lobby feature. i know i mentioned all the bad stuff. there is much good to this game, and im sure other reviewers will point it out. i played this game franchise until i got sick of it. now i play insurgency because its much more fluid and refined with the same idea of critical dammage and little hud.
game-hours: 0.3
review: I have an 8350 clocked at 5.0 and a video card 290x twinfrozer. I score 9250 on 3dmark and this game runs like crap no matter what. On top of all this I hate the amount of control buttons this games always have. They need to make them like operation flashpoint.
game-hours: 128.9
review: At first this game was a lot of fun to play. But with the time it rather got worse than good. - The game does not go above 29 FPS for me (on i7 4770k, GTX 770, SSD) - It easily drops under 20 FPS when there is a bit of vehicle movement around the map - The AI is programmed really bad. Not finding paths. Not moving at all when told to. The game is just as good without AI as it is with them. Maybe some dummy targets for your enemies. Which again are overly OP compared to your AI... - Since the shutdown of GameSpy it is completely unavailable for Coop missions with friends. Hosting Steam servers was not working since the games release And last but not least the price is way too high for a game said to be "still under development" I regret every Cent of the 45 Euros which I payed for this game.
game-hours: 15.3
review: The game seems ambandoned to be from the developers... Has bugs and i cant find a multiplayer season with serious players to play. Also a hell of the lag
game-hours: 21.8
review: I cannot recommend this game, mainly beacuse it runs like hell. I have tried the game on two diffrent computers (one with gtx 580 and one with gtx 770 GPU) and still very rarely get above 40 FPS in multiplayer. And that is on standard settings. Battlefield 4 on the other hand runs with an average of above 100 FPS on very high settings (no AA though but 90 FOV). I like the concept of the game and if the performance issues gets solved I'll give the game another try, but as of now I have tried the game on multiple occasions since march 2012 and it still doen't work. Note however that while the game has superb scale and huge empahsis on teamwork - which is great - the core of the game is still far worse then any of the other major FPSes. Shooting in this game is irregular, laggy and the action menu is terrible. I really like the shooting mechanics in Red Orchestra 2 but in ARMA they are damn awful. Flying helicopters is quite fun though and very challening (unlike battlefield).
game-hours: 227.3
review: Buggy mess in which I get around 15fps in large multiplayer battles on the lowest settings on a GTX 670. Oh, the AI on single player is absolute dog , too, but at least I get around 40fps on single player! :D
game-hours: 11.4
review: Bohemia Interactive made their debut with Operation Flashpoint and then changed to Arma series afterwards. Since the first installment it has been downhill up to third one. The engine is heavy, unoptimised, clunky for smooth gameplay no matter what setup you may find for your PC. The menu and UI interface is also archaeic and still as slow as it was in OFP days. I can't see justification for this game unless it would be around 4,90 and even then it's not worth your time. The map is boring and unimaginative compared to that of Chernarus, Sahrani and the multiple locations of OFP. As for gameplay the shooting is well done and the many ways of controlling your character is definitely the best of the industry has to offer. It's unfortunate that the teamplay and coordination falls down to its own clunkiness. Finally the modding is still there which offers replayability and whatever people come up with to use but still I find the engine and other problems within the core too deep to actually be worth of one's time.
game-hours: 386.7
review: Hardware requirements are rediculous. I can run most other games well on medium or high visuals. On ARMA 3 i can only manage to squeeze 9 fps Servers lag like  Buy it in a decade from the bargain bin. You'll be able to run it then
game-hours: 55.3
review: I really can't recommend this game in the state that its in. Bare bones content. Nowhere near the value for money or content that ARMA2:OA alone has. Stupid, awkward release schedule and lifeless world and content. I wish I could get a refund.
game-hours: 316.3
review: this game is not realistic at all really. recoil is garbage, the weapon sway is way to much, the damage you do to enemies is way to low, it shouldn't take more than 1 shot to the head to kill someone but in this game it does at times, when you fire a weapon fire doesn't come out of the barrel like how it does in this game, Also 90 percent of everything in this game is fake and the rest are prototypes/in use. the only things that i can think of in this game that are real are the 556 weapons which do barley any damage so you don't every use them anyways... this game would be better if it wasn't called arma 3, because it ruined the arma name...
game-hours: 158.3
review: As a previous ArmA player i couldn't wait to see the new technologies that were going to be used in ArmA 3. Then i played it. From a personal point of view, this game is a complete let down to the ArmA series. Yes it is enjoyable in some aspects, but it is nothing compared to ArmA 2 / OA. If you're looking for a more arcade type military game, you've found it.
game-hours: 1.3
review: Least user-friendly game I have ever played (or attempted to play). If you are an online gamer, good luck figuring out how to join a server. After spending over an hour trying and failing to play multiplayer, then searching Google for a tutorial, it's very obvious why this game will never succeed: IT'S IMPOSSIBLE TO JOIN ANY MULTIPLAYER SERVER. Stick with games made by professional developers and avoid this wanna-be bs crap
game-hours: 1290.9
review: Dear Diary, Today, OpFor Was a  Only Hardcore Arma will get this. (srsly do get it game = gud)
game-hours: 270.5
review: 65/100 Pro's Very good scale, and detail in the world allows you to see things miles away. A large selection of well modeled weapons, gear, vehicles. Multiplayer if done right, can be epic and quite a bit of fun. These servers are extremely hard to find though. Cons Very poor AI - I'm talking drop dead liberal half baked hippie 2nd grade education type of stupid. NO CONTENT - took almost 2 months just to release a few single player missions No Multiplayer Support - no real official missions or servers to help keep the population high. BUGS BUGS BUGS Performance issues Missing a lot of must have vehicles and aircraft that would really add to the simulation. I would NOT recommend buying this game until about a year of patches and they complete the game. It is UNFINISHED as of right now.
game-hours: 152.9
review: If you're a fan of ArmA 2 then you'll really enjoy this game. There have been tons of graphical improvement made to the engine which make it much more enjoyable. Personally, I didn't enjoy ArmA 2 or this release. ArmA 3 is just much of the same in the ArmA series. Most of the modules and features are half finished, the AI is god awful, and it seems that Bohemia just released an open world game and expected modders to do the rest of the work.
game-hours: 142.6
review: Some background: I first started playing Bohemia Interactive games in 2001, when I played the demo for Operation Flashpoint from a Computer Gaming World disk. I owned all of the Operation Flashpoint expansions, as well as ARMA II, and now ARMA III. This game sucks sh*t. All of them have, and all of them have depended on the addons to make the game playable. BI Has never made a decent game, only a platform with promise that modders/mission makers polish up. -I don't know why BI continues to make storylines, they've always been awful at them. -AI sucks. I just fired up a mission and was told to plant explosives on some mobile artillery. The Platoon Leader said "and everyone else take cover".. apparently a couple AI thought it best to run towards the mobile artillery, so I accidently killed them ---leading to a mission failure, and them shooting at me. -Before that two soldiers got killed running off on their own (funny, never saw that in the Ranger Handbook) -Most multiplayer servers with a decent ping are either RPG or DM... I should not have to explain why this is stupid. +Voice acting gets slightly less terrible each game. +Graphics are decent I don't recommend getting this unless it's like 75% off and you understand what you're getting.
game-hours: 91.1
review: Not a bad game per-se, but not worth the price tag, either. Not by a long shot. Buy it when it's on sale or something.
game-hours: 1011.3
review: Are you looking for a milsim game that uses cooperation, tactics and all out warfare well  off this isnt the game you are looking for. You will be killed by the smallest graze to your arm and if you just so happen to live from your wound you will have the worst weapon sway that the universe has ever seen. The planes are ed up to a point where a pawnee will shoot you down by following you and random spraying its miniguns that have the power of the sun and dont even get me started on the physics oh jeez you can get shot in the foot and die and from the shear impact your body will fly to the ing clouds and back . Oh another thing if you so happen to be driving a car and hit a little mesh fence designed to keep rabbits out you will lose you engine, tires, hull and virginity to that mother ing mesh fence and thats only going 15kmh dont even dare go over that speed limit you daredevils. Ahhh the best of them all... the stamina update... you can be running for 50 meters and your guy will be having cramps and dying from pure exhaustion from the marathon that er just ran so calm your  son and walk that off while under fire from all them ers out there with little 9mm rounds that will behead you. Good day and do not buy this... ever... at all..... I MEAN IT
game-hours: 32.5
review: This game crashes constantly. I have yet to play a full multiplayer match because it freezes within 10 minutes of playing every time. I have a high spec computer and play other games on highest settings. When I try to play Arma 3 on lowest settings, it crashes. This game is what we call a complete failure. Save your money for a game that actually works.
game-hours: 168.1
review: Great game, But if you plan on playing multiplayer. Expect to get banned by Battleye. Played this franchise since Operation Flashpoint: Cold War Crisis back in 2001 up to the split between Codemasters and Bohemia Interactive. Onto the ARMA franchise. Never cheated and now it's completely unplayable on multiplayer. Battleye has ruined this game for me. They even ban your steam account. Can't just rebuy the game...
game-hours: 93.0
review: I cannot recommend this game when ArmA 2 is still alive and well. First of all, the game is lacking in content, for example, most of the weapons and vehicles are the exact same for different nations, with different paint schemes. The map is huge, which is great, till you look closer at it. Most of the buildings are empty, no furniture, nothing. A lot of the assets are missing, even basic objects/buildings for some missions that were around since the OFP days like CTI just aren't there. The gun handling feels like something straight out of battlefield, if you know how to control the recoil, which by the way is not hard, it basically goes straight up, you can be completely accurate at 300m with a fully automatic weapon. The character handling feels very awkward, and this is coming from someone with 2000+ hours on arma 2, I know about awkward controls, there are like 3 movement speeds, all of which take around 3 keystrokes to get in/out of, what happened to the good old days of just pressing W then going? This isn't a damn car, I don't have to switch gears depending on the speed I am going at. Speaking of cars, the cars handle very awkwardly aswell, the acceleration is just ridiculous, it takes forever to get up to around 30kmh, then it just switches on the afterburner and off it goes! Hey look, an afterburner! Oh wait, it's a trainer jet, a stealth a10, and some freak su25 thingy. Oh boy there is so much wrong with the planes and helicopters in this game. I love aviation, hell I'm trying to make it my job, so this part hurts me the most. Where do I begin with this... Let's start with the easiest, L39, it's a trainer, it's not supposed to carry weapons, and you're gonna tell me it's gonna go up in battle with no other air support? Ha, good joke. I'm gonna be honest, I like the looks of the su25 looking thing, but it's never going to happen, much less in 20 years. The SU25 is still doing well, and if it were to get upgraded in the next 20 years, it would probably only be the systems and avionics, either that, or they will build an entirely new aircraft from scratch, or replace it with the already existing ground pounders. Oh boy here comes the big one. That damn stealth a10 freak. There is so, so, so much wrong with this it's not even funny. Alright let's start with what stealthing an aircraft is all about. Sharp edges to bounce the radar off in a different direction than where it's coming from, the whole aircraft needs to be sharp guys, not just the engines. Notice something about the stealth aircraft that are flying around today? Internal stores. You don't want those suckers reflecting radar signals now, do you? The a10 is a subsonic CAS (Close Air Support) ground pounder, It is literally designed  the enemy up, and they'll know what hit them, but it won't matter cause they'll either be dead, or their equipment will be too ed up to shoot back. There is no use stealthing a plane that will be flying at under 5000'. Everyone and their mother will be seeing that bad boy. It's also supposed to take damage, the whole titanium bathtub  and whatnot, by sharpening the edges, you are adding more structural failure points in the event of, you know, a missile hitting it. I'm no aircraft engineer, but to me this makes sense, if someone is reading this and actually is an aircraft engineer, please tell me how wrong or right I am. Same goes for stealthing helicopters I mean come on, how are you going to stealth a ing rotor spinning at hundreds of rpm, and constantly changing pitch/angle? The mi48... This is not how things work, you can't take 2 choppers, merge them together and add some stealth  on it and expect anyone to take you seriously... ArmA 3 is set in the near future. around 20 years from now. If you look at military history, in the 20th century progress was at it's peak in WW2 up to Vietnam, and then kind of slowed down till the mid 90's, and we're now more or less at a standstill. We're still using tanks, aircraft, and weapons designed in the 70's and 80's and perfectioned. It takes a world war or some major conflict of some sort to get us off our asses and to put our thinking caps on. So do you really think that 20 years from now, the ak's, m4's, m16's, etc will be out of service and replaced by a new standard of 6.5mm caseless shells? That we won't be still using abrams, strikers, t90's and BMP 90's? We'll probably have the f22, unfortunatly probably the f35, PAK FA and others, most of this stuff will most likely be old  with fancy new systems. I half blame dayz for how this game turned out. DayZ is/was a good mod/game, but it attracted the wrong kind of people to ArmA, it didn't attract milsim people, it attracted the general public that likes shooters and zombies. The funny thing is, most of the dayz servers you find on ArmA 2 are those stupid 10000 vehicles ones with military weapons in every corner and everyone shooting everyone else in chernogorsk, that's not survival, that's just glorified deathmatch, either way, I digress. Bohemia probably decided to make the game more accessible for those people, leading to this casualized shadow of what was once great. I could let the whole 'it doesn't seem finished' part slide if they weren't releasing DLC for the parts that aren't finished... You are expecting me to pay 15 bucks for 2 helicopters? When there are barely any in the base game to begin with? And I do agree that all of the future bs thing that I've been saying can be fixed with mods, but modded servers are not popular, and the most modding the general public wants to do is grab one of those all in one mods like dayz. TL;DR: It's a casual version of ArmA 2, designed to cater to the general public. If you want a military simulator, I'd recommend ArmA 2 over this. If you feel like arma 2 was overwhelming, then this is probably the game for you.
game-hours: 1.1
review: this game has horrible fps in multi player due to the horrible engines. 6/10
game-hours: 133.4
review: ,  ,    3 ,        ,       ,    ,  ,
game-hours: 21.8
review: Animations are more responsive, some of the new things introduced are nice, everything else is terrible. For the time being this game remains unplayable for me due to performance issues, lack of content, seemingly uncaring attitudes by the developers and a portion of the fanbase, and general disinterest in the story of this particular campaign. Unless by miracle I find a monster gaming rig behind my house one day and major changes are done to the game and to people's mindsets, I doubt I will return to this game any time soon. Seeing where this game seems to be headed, I doubt any major changes are coming. I'm quite happy with Operation Flashpoint and ArmA 2 in the meantime and for anyone looking for a good mil-sim or just a fun time with your friends, I suggest you buy one of the two aforementioned games instead of this. EDIT: To clarify, I meant Operation Flashpoint: Cold War Crisis, the first game of the Operation Flashpoint series, which I believe is now called Armed Assault: Cold War Crisis.
game-hours: 36.6
review: I loved Flashpoint, but this game has one of the worst singleplayer campaigns EVER! At some points completely unplayable. If you are into singleplayer - don't buy this game. The only thing you can enjoy here is the multiplayer which can be AWESOME at some points and it is the only reason why I have bought this game - at some point I was hoping the campaign will be at least a little enjoyable, but I am very dissappointed now. I don't recommend buying this game until they fix all the issues in the campaign.
game-hours: 156.8
review: Game is released and it's still an unoptimized piece of . Just like it was in the alpha... Just like Arma 2 is right now. Out for like 4-5 years still unoptimized and runs like .
game-hours: 5.6
review: I have very low fps on low graphic settings in ARMA 3 while my PC is able to run BF 3 on ultra without any glitches having MUCH better picture. It is impossible to play this game. Very bad.
game-hours: 76.1
review: trekking+bug+desync+low fps+a few weapons simulator
game-hours: 73.2
review: Whilst being a unique and ambitious game with unparalleled scope and detail, the overly complicated bindings and game-mechanics and lack of any meaningful tutorials for the more complex systems often result in frustration. This game is known for its mod-ability, and whilst this is a blessing given the clunky unpolished state of much of the core mechanics, the number of community mods/ variations of gameplay modes adds to the confusion and inaccessibility of the multiplayer game. The poor optimization also leads to performance issues in multiplayer regardless of system specs. In summary- i want to love this game but its too demanding on my time and patience. This 'game' is for the Hard Core MILSIM fan only.
game-hours: 39.7
review: NOPE
game-hours: 13.0
review: Its O.K and all but I really think some things need improvment. The sprinting animation is really unrealistic for me and when you play the game on minumin graphics, you get these weird light glitches across the sky. Also for $60, I think is too overpriced. I got the ArmA 2 complete collection for $40 and thats better value. The gunplay in ArmA 2 is somewhat realistic and the running animation is a whole lot better plus you can get DayZ free of charge. Overall im a little dissapointed with ArmA 3, I would've thought it would of been better. 5/10
game-hours: 743.3
review: Hi I'm a big fan of Arma's. I have been, since the first release, back when it was called, Flashpoint I believe. And I have spent, Well over 20,000 dollars on Computer upgrades, and probably more then 2000 hours of my time making levels, over the years. All the time thinking, the next patch, will fix the bugs, plaguing this otherwise beautiful game. Most of the levels I created, never worked out because, of the bugs. I would leave, the level work over night, to see how the AI faired, and to check for Stability. It was always the same, You would find the AI, stuck on some tree, fence, or even just a rock. Now, anyone that drives, know how to avoid, and get out of this situation. But the programmers at BIS, must be pedestrians because, after all these years, these devastating bugs, are still, just as obvious in ARMA3. In fact, almost all the things, that make the game useless, are still in the game. The best you can do, is make little missions, keep it simple, and for god's sake, don't let the AI near a vehicle. Most casualties in an Arma missions, are AI vehicles driving over there own guys, and crashing into each other. Then taking shortcuts though the wood and cliffs. It's bad enough, that the men are 3 feet tall.(Really I'm 6'1"), I always think I'm on my knees. The vehicles are drivable, in Third Person only, the windows are to low, can't see out the side windows. That's why, I thing the Guys at BIS, are kids, without driving experience. Then, there's those annoying things,(not bugs) like, every time you go to the map, You come back crouched. The gun is always up in my face, the gun, should only be up, if I put it there. You can't hold a gun, in firing position, they are heavy. this is a terrible thing to do in a game. Any hunter will tell you, it's crazy and unrealistic, and very annoying. The gun, should always be shouldered, On your chest pointing up safely, or Hanging is hands, pointing down safely. Never in my face or anyone else's, unless you intend to shoot them. But AI has always been the main problem, especially driving and taking corners. The map look great, until you try and use them, the buildings are in the street. What happened to the 3 to 6 meters on both side of the road, even front a lawns. So it's not suppressing to see the game all jammed up, on a unrealistic street corner. And AI, don't understand Bridges, So you constantly find them, all stuck at one. I could mention, another 30 bugs, that have persisted in the game, making useless since the beginning. So instead of fixing Arma2, they just added a bunch of new modern stuff, and knocked out all the great stuff, we played for. So we lose all the work we did, NO backwards compatibility? Well I could live with that. If they fixed the plentiful persistent BUGS. If the sandbox, has just a few toy, and they are broken? Why do BIS, continue adding DLC, to add to the insult? (We played for this game, ahead of time, it's still in beta, and generates so many errors, the log have to be turned off, to use it). Why don't they just fix the main bugs, that have always been,(Like AI) , that would be the only thing, anyone could ask for PLEASE. I'm getting tired of wasting my time, making script, and mods, that can't be used, because of bugs in the game. Don't get me Wrong, I love this game, (for what it could be, if they fixed it). I think, it's the best game on the market. (if they fixed it). They just insist on ignoring the faults, and try to mask them, with other stuff. Ohh and FYI Lately everything is reversed, if your man say's enemy on our right, it's actualy left, and even, get in and disembark tag,s are reversed, Effects from some tanks are on the wrong side of the vehicles ? The speed of AI Vehicles, have the Hicups very annoying, and so does the camera, using Switchcamera, it just bounces back anf forth, making the camera views useless. In fact at present date, the game is not usable. This game needs some major repairs, but they just go on, with future features, and let the bugs ADDUP. and up. If your car has a flat tire, painting it, will not fix the problem. That's the way I see it anyway.
game-hours: 6.0
review: for the money... well no.. this game is worth 10 times less than what i paid for it. actually i have played phone games more exciting than this. my review for arma 3 is simple, i got it on steam sale, i played it 3 times. and its been pretty bad. - the servers cause FPS lag (because I get 40fps normally on some servers and others it crawls to 9) - the missions are basically to try and troll people - the maps are big and awesome but theres not many people and whoever you see just kills you - its just boring half the time. so if you like just exploring the virtual map and doing jack all half the time then this games for you. but you could be doing that in the real world and have an extra $30 bucks in your wallet (sale price). decisions decisions..
game-hours: 1.9
review: with graphics made of clay and a price tag that is as bad as a call of duty game, this is truly the best shooter experience of the decade. This review is powered by NVIDIA Phyx
game-hours: 0.1
review: Once again Bohemia has delivered a garbage war simulator with mediocre graphics (in comparison to other war shooters in the industry) and optimization worthy of being related to the original release of Crysis 1. I'm using a gtx780, i53750k (3.4ghz), 16gb DDR (1600Mhz) and it ran pitifully. Not to mention the voice acting is once again terrible and robotic sounding and the gameplay is awkward and cumbersome with the worst control scheme in the history of shooter games. I get you're going for realism, but at least try and make it accessible. You don't need crap controls to make the world more immersive; you need smoother controls so that you forget you're even playing a game. You're better off reinstalling Battlefield 2 and downloading "Project Reality" if you really want an immersive War simulator.
game-hours: 0.3
review: if you've got a fetish for first person shooters and the military and happen to be rejected by a real life military branch or happen to be a mechanic or cook in the military then this game is for you. other than that, move along in your real life and join the military. if you can't and happen to be in a wheel chair and love the military then buy this game and dream.
game-hours: 8.0
review: This game is very buggy, I have an average graphics card that can run most of the games out there but with this game, you need like a $9000 computer to even run it. The Maps are way too huge for your graphics to run smoothly, I had to turn everything down and even still I was lagging like crazy. I would highly recommend playing the Battlefield series instead of this game because A. You will get more enjoyment and entertainment from Battlefield B. Your computer will be able to run it C. Better vehicle system and lots of weapons to choose from
game-hours: 174.5
review: Make Arma Not War
game-hours: 51.7
review: This really is a poor game and should not cost 36, here's why: 1) Recommended system specs are a lie. I could not run the singleplayer campaign above 30fps at 1024x768, lowest everything including draw distance with a FX6300 and HD 7770. False advertising, and also extremely unreasonable hardware requirements. Fanboys will tell you Arma 3 is super advanced etc. so demands a lot of the CPU, but I believe it's just poorly optimised. You can have a lot of units moving about and framerates will stay smooth but as soon as people start shooting performance plummets, so I believe it's something to do with badly optimised effects, not demanding AI (which is pretty poor in any case). Multiplayer performance is even worse and when 20fps is considered 'normal' it's effectively unplayable. People should not accept 20fps due to game restrictions and the dev's ought to really address this. 2) Gameplay is terrible - so bad that it feels like it's buggy rather than poor design decisions. Jogging for about 10 seconds will cause you to start panting and creates extreme weapon sway - maybe they are trying to simulate a Wall-E future of fat soldiers? Again, really kills the gameplay considering the size of Arma 3's missions which require a lot of moving about. Recoil on weapons is ridiculous and feels like your guy is shooting with only one hand with the gun held sideways. Damage is ridiculous, enemy targets will take 2 headshots and some more chest shots to be brought down. It all adds together to completely kill immersion and makes the game feel like a chore. 3) Immersion - Again, keeping in mind how bad the shooting mechanisms are, the AI are utterly gamebreaking as well. You can empty a clip of bullets in a relatively small 1 meter area around an enemy target. He will not budge, he will not flinch, he will just keep on shooting you until you die, and you probably will die because of the awful recoil system in place which makes aiming for the player impossible. The AI are basically terminators who will simply run about from time to time, stand still and then shoot you to death. There is a mod which reduces recoil, and with this mod a player can mow down these AI like fish in a barrel simply because they don't move once they've decided to stop and shoot you. 4) Content - Really really lacking. Okay, they have a single player campaign (which is pretty dull). But what's really bad is that they seem to have left a lot of the content up to the community to develop. There is no ambient combat module in the editor, unlike Arma 2, there is no SpecOps module in the editor, unlike Arma 2, there is no quick mission creator, unlike Arma 2. This makes a huge difference in the game because it means if you want to actually experience the sandbox of the game with AI, you have to either 1) create relatively complex scripts yourself; or 2) download other missions or mods. It's not a pick-up and play game which is disappointing considering Arma 2 was. Arma 3 just goes wrong in so many ways, from the gunplay, to the AI, to the stamina and damage system (basically every aspect of a fps) and the lack easy to use content such as an ambient combat module or quick mission creator, to the incredible system requirements. It really is not worth 36 and, while the futuristic setting is very appealing and graphics look nice, there's no real reason to get this over Arma 2 which is much better overall. Save your money!
game-hours: 2.5
review: I thought this game would fix the giant mess it created in the last arma game. I was so wrong and i wasted my money on yet another stupid pile of crap. When you cant finish the tutorial because it wont tell you how to aim down the sight or tell you what the hell barring 220 is supposed to mean i give up and shoot the drill sargent. Game DELETED!
game-hours: 114.6
review: If you read this buy me this game it taughts me about writing a review but i can't play if you buy me this i will give a blow job.
game-hours: 324.3
review: Echt Super Game !! Erinnert mich ein bisschen an Minecraft, aber weniger Action und keine Skilette aber eigentlich Spitze!
game-hours: 889.4
review: Although many fans of the ARMA series have been critical of certain aspects of this game(such as the choice to make it based in the future) I would still highly recommend this game to any fan of FPS, RPG, or Strategy game types. The base game is basically FPS, but the modding community has expanded it's basic description to meet other gamers needs(Including my own). This game has a strong/loyal fan base, and has for years. If you don't try this game at some point you honestly haven't lived!
game-hours: 8.5
review: Ran than jumped off a stone wall than flew like supa man than flew to my death 11/10 BEST GAME NA
game-hours: 0.4
review: lacks content try again bohemoth
game-hours: 138.6
review: I think it is a bit over priced but it still is very fun. My Favorate thing is the Editor because you can spawn in anything you like and mess around with everything! Altis life is a really cool mod for arma 3 aswell so you should try that out if you get arma 3.
game-hours: 1.6
review: I have been playing Arma 3 for the past couple days (with the free trial), and I was really concidering buying this game. However, even with all the realistic featues that I love, I cannot stand the fatigue and weapon sway system. After running for 3-4 minutes, a short sprint, or getting nicked by a bullet, it becomes nearly impossible to aim. Even while focusing and holing my breath, the weapon is still moving to dramatically to accuratly hit a target at even a hundred meters with a scope. The army is trained to be able to shoot under stress, fatigue, and even injury. I myself have done 100 meter sprints, and half mile runs, then grabbed my AR immediatly after and can still quickly and accurately hit a man sized target at 100 meters. Also, I only shoot with iron sights. Until this unrealistic fatigue and weapon sway system is fixed, I will not be buying the game. Honestly, what is the point of buying it if I can't even engage the AI, (who, guess what, can still accurately shoot you while injured or fatigued!)
game-hours: 0.6
review: No decent manual available. The training in the beginning does not show you how to use the sight on the gun. So, the next step where you have to shoot targets in a field you have to hit one 400 yards away but there's no clear way how to use the sight on the gun. The cross hair on the screen is not accurate enough. Wished it had a better manual because playability is paramount to graphics.
game-hours: 160.4
review: Terribly optimised, the only half decent thing to play on it is Altis Life, and no matter what you're doing the FPS seems to stick around 20-25. It's not just that, the gun play seems too clunky for a military simulator. When you get past all the FPS issues it's not that bad of a game, but certainly isn't worth 36!
game-hours: 302.6
review: It sucks it has the worst campain, it crashes all the time, the phyics suck, it has the worst A.I., and also if your playing on sever that does saves your progress then when you crash which happens all the damn time you have to ing start over
game-hours: 193.0
review: ,
game-hours: 641.6
review: Awsome Game! Worth buying! :D
game-hours: 295.0
review: I like ARMA and OPF series but its biggest and biggest  every new game... Bohemia have lot of work ahead ! Now I cant recommend you this game, wait 1 or 2 years..then buy it, lot of bugs now :(
game-hours: 37.0
review: If you like to DIE play this game......
game-hours: 328.7
review: So for some reason, I have an i5 4670k with 4 GB GTX770, and I get 15 Frames per second no matter what. When I first got the game, it was fine, but a few updates ago, it went to hell. One of the top voted issues on their "Feedback Tracker" is that the game does not utilize your computer's full power that's been on there since march. Their "Feedback Tracker" is more like that broken down suggestions box you see at a grocery store, hidden away in the corner, covered in cobwebs, and forgotten. Maybe a janitor might see it one day. Probably not.
game-hours: 76.7
review: Hello, welcome to Arma 3 Where Hardware Requirments are made up and your hardware doesn't matter.
game-hours: 24.9
review: Just get Arma 2 Combined Operations.
game-hours: 0.1
review: BOHEMIA INTERACTIVE NEEDS TO GET THEIR FLIPPIN ACT TOGETHER. I CAN PLAY EVERY GAME ON STEAM BUT THIS ONE. THAT IS A PROBLEM. OBVIOUSLY, THE DEVELOPERS AT BOHEMIA INTERACTIVE DON'T UNDERSTAND THAT SOFTWARE IS SUPPOSED TO RUN ON COMPUTERS. IF A GAME CRASHES EVERYTIME YOU LAUNCH IT, CHANCES ARE, SOMETHING IS VERY WRONG. THANK YOU FOR FREE WEEKEND IS ALL I CAN SAY. I WAS GOING TO BUY THIS HORRIBLE GAME, BUT NOW I WON'T BECAUSE I KNOW THAT THIS ISN'T WORTH THE TIME AND EFFORT I PUT INTO TRYING TO MAKE THIS GAME WORK. YOU HAD ONE JOB BOHEMIA INTERACTIVE
game-hours: 55.7
review: i wish it was still free ;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;'''''''''''''''''((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((
game-hours: 10.2
review: Arma 3 is suddenly marked as a complete game, and they come out with a big DLC a week later? Better idea, how about you suck my  Bohemia?
game-hours: 9.7
review: Probley the worst simulator ever made, full of bugs, really really bad optimization, op enemies even on recruit difficulty that can 1 shot you from the most ridiculous distances with no scope!, hidden mission timers that make the game feel rushed and unable to enjoy and to finish the game has the most  fatigue system ever! you can watch a film before your soldier gets up a hill. its a shame to see a game with great graphics & sound ruined by certain factors.......
game-hours: 1.1
review: Confusing piece of crap, poorly optimised, can not get ANY decent FPS even with everything minimum, which is un-playable. Key binds are ridiculous.
game-hours: 0.4
review: I would suggest you don't buy this game and just go play other stuff and try to be happy because quite frankly it gave me the worst gaming experience I've ever had after 12 years of gaming.
game-hours: 5.4
review: I didn't even own the game for 30 mins, didn't even get to play except when they we're offering to play it for FREE! And I was GLOBAL BANNED. wtf. That isn't right, that's called fraud.
game-hours: 107.5
review: its too expencive
game-hours: 328.1
review: From my point of view, it's still in early development, years from completion, horrible CPU and GPU-utilization (stutters constantly) not to mention bad PhysX performance (proprietary nightmare) lack of basic weaponry, vehicles, low-res vegetation and textures. The main campaign is full of bugs and glitches (shooting through everything without you ever having a chance spotting them) scenarios are a joke, incomplete, horrible voiceacting and bad audio quality, almost silent all the time, lack of weaponry and content (to much focus on overly expensive dlcs) and the overall experience is cheap, incomplete and you will get the feeling that the developers don't know what the  they were doing back in 2013.
game-hours: 4.5
review: The worst game in the series. 1 run - 1 screenfreeze. The issue has been reported to BIS many times but they do nothing. Waste no money! Don't buy the game!
game-hours: 3.4
review: Just get Arma 2 its better and cheaper.
game-hours: 386.5
review: I love arma 2 but arma 3 is one of the worst games i have ever played. one of the reason i like arma 2 is the warfare game mode but there isint a good warfare mode in arma 3.
game-hours: 337.6
review: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME this game is amazing, it is fun and multiplayer can be a real challenge. BUT DONT BUY THIS GAME BECAUSE IT WILL CRASH ON EVERY UPDATE AND THERE IS NO FIX FOR IT DO NOT GIVE YOUR MONEY TO THIS COMPANY honestly, how hard is it to patch a game to fix these crash bugs, fresh install doesn't fix it, restarting computer doesn't fix it, hell.. even installing it on a brand new computer i have which has never seen steam until before, YEP, still didn't fix this f-ing game best game, worst support.
game-hours: 35.0
review: garbage
game-hours: 7.8
review: The game crashes to desktop as soon as I join a server and even support can't help. 35.99 for a non-functioning product. Be careful with your money.
game-hours: 143.5
review: Absolute ing  of a game. BI can suck my  for their DLC policy. They release a game that isnt even 50% finished and then without even coming close to finishing the game, they release DLCs that SPAM YOU IN GAME. Its absolutely ridiculous that I am a PAYING CUSTOMER and Im bombarded with ADs for their DLC while I'm playing the game I ALREADY PAID FOR...  you BI I will never buy any of your -not-finished-games ever again.
game-hours: 66.7
review: I like this game. I played my first FPS years ago starting with Doom and at that time I was blown away, and could never of dreamed of anything better. Boy was I wrong. The next game to capture my imagination was Meadal of Honour and the single player world captured my imagination and heart. With Meadal of Honour came the first real multiplayer action that I enjoyed and I couldn't stop playing. Next game to follow was Call of Duty, a great series of games that offered plenty of run and gun action... Great stuff. The Progression to Battlefield for a more indepth experience blew what came before away. Now Battlefield looked to offer with its later installments a more realistic battle experience, but it fails. infantry are fine but the vehicles,which look great,in my opinion start to ruin the game series. That brings me to ARMA 3,, wow ,, once again I am blown away and once again what came before falls into history. Animations, lighting, movment and the environment are a dream come true. This is a truely epic game.
game-hours: 7.8
review: shit i just paid 60$ for this game and now its on sale. . steam plz refund
game-hours: 614.3
review: Well, based from the time that I have been playing this game, I think you should really buy this game! :D 1000/10 really recommended ;)
game-hours: 767.6
review: Just awful, a mockery of the advancements in the engine. I have 600+ hours on Arma 3 alone and having just come from A2 and A2:OA I was HUGELY disapointed, the engine, physics and graphics are beutiful, the main map Altis is insanely giant and detailed as all get out. HOWEVER the choices made in development make is a flunk, the AI is the worst thing on this planet, if robocop and Neo from the Matrix had an entire race of super-soldiers it would be these s. Instant headshots from 300m+ first shot. Like being stealthy? Well too bad, the hive mind is immune to stealth. Also A3 has 90's action movie syndrome, everything explodes, even if it shouldn't -Like cars shot with pistols in the tire detonating spontainiously sometime later, or a gental landing with a heli, that results in a comedic nuclear fireball. Speaking of vehicles, the tanks are silly, as they take damage from everything, you can kill one with an APC cannon to the frontal glacis, you know where it's supposed to be able to deflect tank rounds? Do you like guns? Well too bad again! There's exactly ONE rifle, ONE sniper, ONE DMR, ONE pistol and ONE offencive grenade type per faction, so to hell with choice! So in summary, not really diggin' it, lock-on shouldn't be on EVERYTHING and the AI has no reason to be so OP, let alone as bullet-resistant as they are, and the lack of any sort of realilstic armored combat makes this a pass, and saddly so becuase this game was full of potential.
game-hours: 625.6
review: When are you fix the game for cpu 2,3,4,6,8 cores haven, if you think that all people have pentium 4 with nitrogen and 8000 ghz overlock are you crazy! Whay the game are havent status alpha, and what a price 60$???!
game-hours: 11.5
review: not recommended just buy a BF3 or BF4 you will enjoy for long long looong time.
game-hours: 1.1
review: Felt like it could have been a very good simulator, but it turned out to be poor. Played through the first part of the campaign and it was laggy in parts (which I have researched is down to poor optimization of the game) and I managed to get the vehicle stuck in a barrier and had to reload from an autosave. Clearly, not well made. I also found the way markers really hard to see. Either don't bother with them, or make them more vivid. I also found it hard to see the enemy, but that's just something I would need to get used to. To top it all off, the landscape is so boring. Nothing but open areas and very little variation or cover. Overall, great potential and if you like spending hours learning to play a more difficult game than CoD/Battlefield, then I've read that Arma 2 is a much better choice. With that being the case, I cannot recommend this game to anyone.
game-hours: 66.4
review: The only time it works is if its on the lowest setting (it looks like garbage) and even then its lucky if you get more then 12 FPS unless you have a $4000.00 dollar PC. Its unplayable, feels like garbage, plays like garbage, tons of bugs, nobody actually communicates. Waste of 60$, its barely worth 15. I've givin it tons of chances after each update and its just a huge dissapointment. They robbed everyone blind, its quite funny actually. With that said, during about a 10-30 second period when theres minimal lag you realize what could of been a fantasic game if they actually would fix it instead of making huge half million dollar contests for - you guessed it - more money. Basically, if you have a thousands- of- dollars PC, you MIGHT be able to run it on the lowest settings at maybe 25 FPS if you're lucky. If you're like me and just have a pretty decent PC (Run battlefield 4 on high, Day Z on ultra, War Thunder on Movie settings etc) then steer away from this game. Also, there's only Co-op modes, no competitive unless you join a clan and throw away your social life for your fellow clan-mates. so, no PVP its all players against AI and it gets very boring once you kill everything and theres nothing to do. I've only seen about 20 enemys in all my time playing. If you enjoy sitting around waiting for orders, terrible frame rate, glitching thru objects, doing nothing, then you might like this game
game-hours: 2.3
review: The Game was absolutely beautiful to look at, Graphics were on target 100% but if your a first time Arma player the user friendly version is not there. Leaves you completely disoreinted almost immediately. Camera views while inside the vehicle leave you going for the number pad's 0 key a lot. Once outside the vehicle your camera's axis is only in the up down view there is no 360 view here boys/ girls. It does however have the genuine military simulation feel. For the amount of times it use the F-Bomb you'd think you were on a military boat. Hence the term make a sailor blush. All in all I'd give it a 6 out 10.
game-hours: 76.4
review: Tried playing on win7 x64/Intel celeron 1037U/4GB ram/HD graphics - 20-30 fps@800x600(everything low/turned off) and pemanent problems with the game UI and mouse - it starts working only after I switch the ui scale. Multiplayer crashes (tried playing some RPG mode)
game-hours: 705.1
review: worst game ive ever played how about you fix simple mechanics like walking and jumping before releasing this public MORONS........
game-hours: 490.3
review: I ing hate this game.
game-hours: 54.1
review: :D
game-hours: 229.1
review: What? Why are you reading the reviews? Why haven't you already purchased this yet? ARMA 3 is the epitome of virtual tactical military-based operations and simulation. In my eyes, this game is not just a simulation of military firefighting and combat; I find this game is a great practice for team-based cooperation and initiative. You need to work together to complete your goal, follow your Team Leader to succeed. There are many game modes that simplify the standard operations so new players will be able to experience the game in a friendly and forgiving environment that allows you to improve your abilities. ARMA 3 is a grand game and I definitely recommend it.
game-hours: 108.7
review: Arma2 to arma 3 is a downgrade
game-hours: 37.8
review: Worst game I've ever played. Bare bones in terms of content. The campaign is utterly stupid. Super marksman enemy AI from the first Arma game is back. Perfoms like crap. Campaign missions are awful. Worst game in the entire series not worth the price of 59.99 not even worth the price of the early alpha that I paid for if I could get a refund for this garbage I would. This is the last Arma game and the last game from BIS I will ever purchase.
game-hours: 64.0
review: wery bad performance, my system can run crysis 3 in decent fps (30-150)on high settings, but this crap is not playable at all (5-18 fps) fx4170 , 7750 cf , 8 gb ddr3
game-hours: 15.8
review: unfinished, so its bad
game-hours: 0.7
review: This is an army shooty game where no one wants to actually shoot at real players. There are only servers for co-op AI-hunts or playing pretend dressup with their armyguy dolls on RP servers.
game-hours: 15.1
review: still not sure why I bought this game... it's never fun to play, overly technical, the controls are ing horrible, and even after all that, you still just get randomly sniped een if you know what's going on. also, the people that play this alot are a bunch of inbred hicks... if you don't believe me, join any random server and just listen to voice chat.
game-hours: 0.3
review: BOOOOOOOOOO
game-hours: 13.9
review: gay
game-hours: 85.2
review: Great game. Awesome mechanics, a great improvement from previous armas. Beautiful and astonishing graphics. Wonderful atomoshphere, extremely detailed. Now with the campagin there is much more to do besides creating maps or playing with friends on a server. My favorite is that it has its own workshop !
game-hours: 126.7
review: The worst. The campaign is lame and lacking, to say the least. I had to restart it because of 'friendly fire' 10 seconds in while I was driving the truck at least 4 times, for no reason...? As soon as you come across enemy forces, which were your allies 10 seconds earlier, you have to shoot them 4 times with your  weapon while they shoot you twice and you're dead and you have to restart from 5 minutes prior, sitting through the same horrible coms talk between leaders. Tried some multiplayer, wouldn't even let me chat to ask them how I can move considering I started as a citizen with my hands cuffed behind my head on a random island no where near anyone or anything... what the  is that? I'm hoping steam will refund my money, this is my most regrettable purchase yet. Don't buy this game.
game-hours: 226.2
review: BIS really hoping for the community to fix their game even more arcade than ARMA 2 still can't deploy bipod since first ARMA lack of content 6 month waiting and the only good updated one is SP really hoping ARMA 3 will be as good as ARMA 2, but the reality it isn't welcome to the ARMA 3 reality
game-hours: 48.3
review: ughh. waste of money...
game-hours: 23.0
review: An absouloutly SH*T game. Cannot stress enough how bad i find it. The minimal gamemodes along with their boring opportunities make this game a complete waste of money. 40 for this? It's not worth 10! In the near future it may improve; it needs to improve drastically to appeal to me, at least. As a simulator, outstanding. As a game, made to play for enjoyment and having fun, useless. I find more fun in the Call of Duty and Angry Birds franchise. Not Fun! Not Enjoyable! Not Worth It! Bohemia need to up their game or, they will definately, DEFINATELY decrease in sales. Do Not Buy This Piece of Horse Crap.
game-hours: 0.4
review: This game freaking sucks big balls!
game-hours: 5.4
review: An excellent soldier sim, made for the grown ups, no CoD kiddies here! The game is massive, the multiplayer is extremely good, has a great mod community thanks to the stellar Steam Workshop and the visuals are fantastic! Definately worth a buy!!
game-hours: 112.8
review: worst arma game in history. it feels more like COD or Battlefield due to when you run you can see your wepon on the screen. the graphics are amazing but the graphics dont make the game. the realism is there due to the new stamina system and in vehicles you need more than one person to make it effective but they really didn't do what they promised like putting the take on helicopters flight model in so the helis feel like VTOL planes when you fly really fast. i also dont like how it is set in the future because it cant be a simulation if it is in a era we have no clue about. and the weapons sound like your firing marsh mellows at people the 50. cal machine gun on the pickup trucks sound so quite when i fire a mounted gun i want to have the feeling that im shooting a 27mm gun with my hands not that im just firing another LMG. finally the NATO forces dont have any jets in the vanilla game but the OPFOR and indpendents do it should be the other way around and also the lack of planes, helis and IFVs is terrible there should be more IFVs than tanks and thats not the case, if i want to take a patrol out im not going to take 2 MBTs and a IFV im more likely to take a MBT and 2 IFVs im patroling not trying to take an airbase. those are the reasons you should not waste 60 dollers on arma 3.
game-hours: 211.6
review: Do i recommend this game? Is the sky blue?
game-hours: 21.9
review: Arma 3 is like a sandbox but instead of sand it's full of heavy rocks and sharp objects. The game runs poorly on most computers and is needlessly complex. Unless you want to read an encyclopedia's worth of information and install mods the online is dreadfully boring. However, if you're willing to put anywhere between 2-10 hours learning how the game works and experimenting you can have a  of a fun. With the money you're spending there's no reason you should not give it that opportunity. Stop being lazy.
game-hours: 13.1
review: One buggy game is this game
game-hours: 0.7
review: You'll shoot your eye out kid! Well, maybe if you could figure out how to shoot.
game-hours: 208.0
review: Grate game, it is a militaary simulator with masive maps, people have added lots off mods, but it can have a lot off lag.
game-hours: 114.0
review: its awsome
game-hours: 8.9
review: Not the game for me, it has very good graphical detail but that is about it. Multiplayer is very laggy and borderline unplayable, controller support is listed as a feature however only a select few controls can be mapped to it - Making playing with it extremely difficult. I bought into it when it was 20 in early alpha, I would not pay 40 for it now, and I'm glad I didn't.
game-hours: 10.1
review: doesnt run well even tho its optimized
game-hours: 1479.7
review: you BIS
game-hours: 5.1
review: As is typical for Russian developers there is little foresight applied to teaching game mechanics. The learning curve is steep and harsh. The AI ridiculously god like. If battling an uphill struggle wearing nothing but boxer briefs while burly vikings throw large barrles full of stones down at you sounds like a good time, then Arma 3 is for you.
game-hours: 19.2
review: yeah she goes alright
game-hours: 701.2
review: There needs to be more female characters.
game-hours: 184.5
review: The Single Player is alright, but multiplayer is the  in this game. Life Mods/Battle Royale/Wasteland/King of the Hill are all incredibly fun. Main issues: VERY high system requirements, low frames in altis multiplayer on even the best PCs 6/10 Single Player 9/10 Multiplayer
game-hours: 9.7
review: Pretty good. Graphics do cause a few glitches. Sadly I keep dying in the campaign as Kerry. But besides that, its not bad. 10/10 would bang.
game-hours: 409.0
review: Best RPG game i've played yet.
game-hours: 5.6
review: Just buy Arma 2, its performs better and doesn't have the bulk of its content locked behind DLC. Also it doesn't crash nearly as much.
game-hours: 201.1
review: Great game, 8/10!
game-hours: 77.5
review: The only game I've purchased in my entire life that I regret buying. Look at more reviews to find out if this game is for you or not. It appeals to many, but not to all. Do your research and don't end up a shmuck like me.
game-hours: 1466.6
review: This game is lacking lots of features that other popular RTS games like Call of Duty have and it also has hours of extremely boring gameplay. The helicopters dont even land right either with the engines always exploding I honestly can't stand playing this game for more than 30 minutes especially with how the multiplayer community is filled with little kids who can't even shoot a gun properly.
game-hours: 1.7
review: LITERALLY the worst game I have ever played
game-hours: 122.1
review: this  wack dog
game-hours: 18.4
review: RIFLEMAN, TWO HOUNDRED METERS, FRONT. KERRY SHOOT THAT MEDIC. OH  MAN DOWN. KERRY GET THAT UAV. KERRY SHOOT THAT MACHINGUNNER. MOVE THREE HOUNDRED METERS, FRONT. OH  ENEMY FIRE. *kerry ragdolls*
game-hours: 35.0
review: I use to like this game but by charging for some helicopters has me fed up. Hell the game is $60 unless you got it back in the day. I'm just getting tired of here buy our unfinsihed game ok heres some new stuff pull out your wallet this is some ubisoft crap.
game-hours: 406.3
review: Your really going to charge people for extra vehicals. The reason i stoped playing Battle field is they kept realasing DLC that you had to pay extra for. Looks like this game is next.
game-hours: 17.7
review: Don't buy BI games. You will regret it.
game-hours: 1.1
review: very slow paced. controls are clunky. campaign makes absolutely no sense! if a game is not attractive enough to play for free, then its not something i would pay for ever
game-hours: 0.5
review: Maybe if it was possible to use sights.
game-hours: 204.3
review: Really neat game, realistic, fun, and totally worth the money.
game-hours: 58.2
review: THIS GAME IS PRETTY ING AMAZING. DONE
game-hours: 34.1
review: This game is amazing. Its all you want from a game. want to kill people? DONE. want to fly? DONE. want to fly a goat? DONE
game-hours: 50.2
review: recommend
game-hours: 63.9
review: Ai take forever to kill weapon sway is rediculous for player more so when shot and ai dont have reduced accuracy when u shoot them 5 times in the chest
game-hours: 91.6
review: A game that only exists because of a mod that hardly works for a game that also hardly works, This game also hardly works. Overloads most routers
game-hours: 13.4
review: No more family share so i can't play unless i waste another 60$ :/
game-hours: 19.8
review: I walked in on a dead man in a shanty 10/10
game-hours: 17.2
review: this game just makes me feel incredible, it feels like your in the game going with it. i love it its really nice textures nice detail and best thing of all its best game you cuold posibly buy in might cost alot but its worth it. its a simulation,military,multiplayer,action,tactical,realistic so many things you cuold think of. ill give it 10/10 the best shooting action simulation tactical game i've ever played thx developers! :D
game-hours: 1599.0
review: Awesome ***** Have only played a few minutes of the single player, NPC asked me to shoot the medic WTF ? But 50+ hours of Altis life (mod) has me hooked, not since the early GTA games have I experienced the wonder of an enormous game world. Add the pvp elements from dayz and a thriving community, its the best thing going.
game-hours: 421.9
review: amazing game, the fps isnt to good tho.
game-hours: 23.0
review: All around excellent game. The campaign was very well put together, the graphics are amazing, the combat very realistic, and the squad movements are very realistic. It does take some time to get used to all the various controls, there are a lot of them, but once you figure it out you can move your squad through any level with ease and destroy everyone along the way. The mod content is getting better everyday! If you like quick PVP then wasteland and the battle royale mods are great for that. Currently they have a "DAYZ" version of Arma3 called Breaking Point that is an independent spin-off that is also quite fun. I personally cannot wait for the Arma3 Epoch (DAYZ) to come out because I have played the Arma2 mods for a while now. There is also Altis Life and Lakeside if you're into the RP scene but that is all preference. Overall, it's a well put together simulator that ex-military, which I am, or civilian with no experience can learn to enjoy and appreciate. --MB
game-hours: 343.2
review: This is a very immersive game, with high attention to detail and a seemingly limitless amout of possibilities. Every peice of your gear is changeable... i mean sh*t you can run around the battlefield in nothing but your underwear and a t-shirt if you so please. You can change your camo and helmet and LBV and backpack and every other thing you carry. Everything that is in your inventory can be dropped or moved from bag to LBV or pants/ shirt pockets(and vice-versa). It provides a very similar experience to hardcore milsim airsoft (if thats what you're into... I am into airsoft) without the "Hey call your hits" or "Hey are you dead" BS. You are even able to create your own missions somewhat easily with the in-game mission editor. Anyway I figured I'd share one of my most memorable experiences in any operation in Arma- or any game out there. I was playing on a mission that I created on Stratis(One of the in game maps). I was leading a 10 man assault on Air Station Mike 26. We were all riding in an APC. My gunner was doing great taking out ground troops, and even took out an Ifrit or two. Out of nowhere an enemy hit the APC we were in, popping all left side tires, stoping it dead in its tracks. I immidiately got out and threw a smoke grenade to either side and told my men to disembark. Unfortunately only 2 men made it out before the APC exploded. In that same explosion the 2 men that had made it out were killed. worried, I threw one more smoke grenade and waited for the smoke plume to build and ran straight back behind a small hill, dodging what seemed like the bullets from 1000 angry hostiles. Once behind the hill I healed my self, and radioed in for a helicopter extraction. I waited and waited until the heli showed up. All I could hear above me were the screams of the miniguns that the 2 door gunners were operating, and the swooping of the rotor. The heli flew right over my head and began to circle around the base, taking out enemy after enemy. I knew the helicopter would not last long, as it was simply a helicopter meant for extraction, and not any sort of combat, so I called in an attack heli for some added assistance. After the attack heli started to engage targets I sprinted inside the base behind a large H-barrier. I could see lots of enemies. I quickly engaged one enemy and started to advance to another H-barrier when I was hit. I quickly went prone and healed up, and threw my last smoke grenade inside the base. After about 10 seconds of letting the smoke build I ran up to a building and began to take out target after target, in some sort of spec ops manner(Yeah I was that good). I ran around the base with the supressive fire of the helicopters and cleared the entire base of any threat. After I called in the evac heli and flew myself back to base because the pilot was killed on landing because my area clearing is garbage. It was quite the experience to get the juices flowing. This game never fails to impress, and I still find myself learning new things about it every day.
game-hours: 227.3
review: wow
game-hours: 128.6
review: If you like tactical realism! there's no other game better than this one 100% recomended
game-hours: 10.7
review: Pretty awesome! Loads of mods and sweet singleplayer plus Battle Royale or Dayz, this game is easily worth the 60 you pay. With the immersive gameplay and treating it like real life you will feel and act like it is war and thats what sold me on this unique game. NOW IF THEY COULD HAVE PUT IT ON SALE BEFORE I BOUGHT IT THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN NICE!
game-hours: 20.4
review: i love that game
game-hours: 0.4
review: nice shoot :D
game-hours: 27.4
review: arma isn't like cod,bf its more like gta but more realistic, i mean you don't rly steel ppls cars you need a key/lockpick to the car and its not that easy to get money either. To get money u have to like pick apples or sell weed. It was boring when i started to play this game but it did become funnier and funnier every time. To play this game u need a lot of time i say.
game-hours: 92.2
review: 7/10 Single player is fine. Mods can make SP a fun experience. But once you try MP, that's a solid no unless you play wasteland or on a private server. The FPS on any server running a custom game mode is terrible. It is higly unlikely you will get above 30 FPS on a public server. I can't speak for private servers but if you want to play MP, play wasteland or find a group that has their own not-bad private server. Only recommended because of SP
game-hours: 526.7
review: SP or anything that isnt a mod is a no go, wish i could have given my cash to a few mod devs instead! If you do have it you should definately get the Breaking Point mod, plays better than the rest of the game. *Update as of 1/13/15* Still a better flight sim than a tactical shooter by far...
game-hours: 19.0
review: DO NOT BUY THIS ABISMAL ATTEMPT AT A GAME! It is by far the buggiest, crappiest attempt at a game ive ever come across, theres pre-release software on steam that works better, you have been warned!
game-hours: 1.0
review: This game has a massive emphasis on realism. That means the graphics are realistic. And everyone knows realistic graphics need a good graphics card for a computer. And everyone knows they need a good computer to have a good graphics card.
game-hours: 10.8
review: 2hard4me2navigateonshitmaps
game-hours: 9.0
review: Out of the 9 hours i have logged in this game i think i have only ~1 hour of gameplay. I ing tried, but the endless bugs, errors and crashes have just made me regret buying this so ing much. even after a steam check and reinstall, nothing.. I have never had this much trouble and dissapointment in a game in my life
game-hours: 99.0
review: ganna be bruthally honest also sorta spolier for you peaple who ever play the single player when you get to atlis its littarly impossible to ever get anywere in the game
game-hours: 6.7
review: If you like games that are to hard and are not enjoyable to any extent go head waste your 60 bucks on this game... game is extremely laggy, horrible hardware optimization and online play is a joke... if your look to get anywhere close to 60 fps max settings you better have a top dollar machine. Story mode is ok, if you like getting shot at, and never knowing if you hit the enemy or not ....
game-hours: 42.8
review: realy its crap still my computer should be able to run it atleast in medium setting. if i play single missions its resoable stable but when i go for multi player. than  hits the fan big time. masive lag, textures not loading properly, crashing because of memory errors wtf is going on ARMA was such a great brand, releable and good system. now its totaly crap. people keep saying i need to go to win 64 and up my memmory of my maching, i say frag that i should be able to run it on this machine acording to the tech specs. so fragging fix it so i can play.
game-hours: 6.6
review: It feels like soldiers who have never played a videogame made ARMA III. This game is the most unintuitive, glitchty mess I've seen in a long time. Simply not enjoyable to play. Annoyingly, it seems so promising as a large-scale shooter, but it just doesn't have the quality to really satisfy that niche. The optimization is abysmal; completely unplayable problems arising from strange performance issues are frustratingly common. There are common glitches that break the game, such as ladders and walls magically killing you. It's not worth the money for this kind of attention to detail. Do not buy ARMA games unless the devs suck your  in return.
game-hours: 36.8
review: do not buy it if you want to keep your sanity
game-hours: 67.3
review: This game is awesome really fun to play with your friends. Lots of game modes and endless fun. Got it when it was 50% off so well worth it!
game-hours: 225.8
review: this game is over a ing year old and still $60?!?!? ing jews
game-hours: 144.1
review: AMAZING ......|..___________________, , ....../ ..---________----__|]=D ...../==o;;;;;;;;______.:/ .....), ---.((_) / ....// (..) ), ----" ...//___// ..//___// .//___//
game-hours: 636.3
review: This game doesn't use all of the cpu cores, same with its predeccesor Arma 2. Bohemia doesn't have the technological skills to fix this problem at all, don't even think their will be a fix I have been waiting for 6 years. No matter what computer you have you will get low fps on the famous multiplayer games like Altis life, so don't be suprised. I am running MSI Z97 Gaming 5 motherboard with an i5 4690k, and a GTX 970 graphics card, 2*4 gigs of ram. My internet connection is perfect I made a technician check it out. The game doesn't work and if you look closely you find all these techniques being used to optimize the game such as going to your libary right clicking on arma from thier to hit the play arma 3 luancher, in the luancher go to advanced and change all your setting's such as malloc which is an important .dll and i tried using them all, i even found another malloc file that has been optimized for arma 3 to no avail. You can even delete the dll folder in arma 3 if you are running win 7 and it will defualt the memory allocation to its specified. Nothing work's the cpu doesn't use 100% usage and this can be seen by running task manager and looking at the cpu usage with the fps on the corner of your game. You might get 60 fps at start up and in some server's, but as soon as you hit a high population count kiss your fps goodbye. Thier is nothing you can do to solve this horrific horrific problem that is the #1 complaint on thier feedback portal, thousand players claim the same sotry. problem People have claimed they get 60fps but I doubt it, and I tell them to turn on thier fps to see it instead of guesing and I am always correct. The game doesn't work and never will work at 10-40fps this is unacceptable performance and in combat situations have 10 fps to play with on a modern computer is a joke, you can't shoot or react what is the point on playing the game.
game-hours: 28.3
review: This game is great! Even though it currently has some interface issues, the gameplay is awesome, the mods and different gamemods keep you playing for hours on end, and the graphics look almost real as you see each individual piece of grass sway in the wind... If you like "War Simulation Games" then im sure you will probably get your moneys worth out of this game.
game-hours: 785.4
review: Arma 3 isn't a game about Shootin. It's About The Life Of Your Character It's about How Long you Can strive And Live It's About Flyig It's about Driveing It's About Liveing! Forget About Shooting let Your Vehicles Do It For You....This Is what THIS GAME IS ABOUT LADIES AND GENTLEMEN!
game-hours: 511.9
review: I was driving a truck at approximately 10km/h, blew up, flew 300 meters above sea level, and landed on the opposite end of Atlis. More realistic than real life.
game-hours: 3.1
review: I drove a go-cart, and ran somebody over. Rating: 10/10
game-hours: 250.6
review: This game has brought me hours of fun and i'm sure it will bring me many more. If you have the cash, pick it up ASAP!
game-hours: 37.2
review: Played the first two missions; Super real and crazy fun, it definitely caught me off guard. Gameplay time: 2 hrs. Played Altis Life online; Got hacked and nuked, wonder if I still have the 24M he gave me. Gameplay time: 42 mins.
game-hours: 47.6
review: Very good FPS , Very teamwork orientated
game-hours: 50.9
review: Amazing gamemods! Got arrested for 41 manslaughters and for being the leader of a drug gang that collected, transported and sold lots of cocaine and weed over altis, in "Altis life" game mode. 10/10
game-hours: 15.2
review: YOU BATTLEYE, I GOT GLOBAL BANNED FOR NO ING REASON? WELL  ME. I CANT ING PLAY ANYTHING THAT USES BATTLEYE THANKS TO THE HEAD THAT SET UP THE BAN SYSTEM, YOU THINK YOU HAVE ALL THE KINKS WORKED OUT OF THE BATTLEYE THING, WELL YOU ING DONT.  THIS , IM OUT.
game-hours: 116.1
review: Buy Arma 2. More content. More better.
game-hours: 17.0
review: meow
game-hours: 38.7
review: ALL MY FRIENDS ARE DEAD MAN. WE WERE IN THE HUMVEE AND OH GOD An APACHE CAME DOWN AND SHOT US ALL MAN. 'NAM WAS A CRAZY IN' PLACE MAN.
game-hours: 737.3
review: Not Call of Duty - Did a 720 quick-scope blaze it across Altis on the first try - 10/10
game-hours: 292.4
review: Very good game. Buy Now!
game-hours: 440.9
review: very gewd much yes
game-hours: 122.4
review: This game is a great strategy team based shooter but... It has a lot of bugs like the most hated and common DX11 buffer map fail and everytime I go to multiplayer it crashes My pc Intel i3 Intel hd 4000 6 GB ram
game-hours: 125.6
review: This game is  compared to ARMA2. Gear loadout saving process is  and not working, optimization is , AI is . In other words, it's a downgrade. Keep playing ARMA2 until this game is patched/fixed
game-hours: 0.3
review: Such a great military simulator you can't turn your head around in a car to look around where are you supposed to go... A Z-category shooter but you still have to use controls like if it would be StarCraft. I don't play an FPS to use my whole keyboard to issue broken commands. Don't buy this game. For a strategy game there's only horribly-done strategy elements, and for an FPS there's horribly done FPS elements in it. For squads and commanders, buy Battlefield or any other non-garbage tactical shooter, this game is just bad.
game-hours: 2.0
review: worst simulation game
game-hours: 7.2
review: I hope most if not all of the bugs and issues there are fixed through beta and release. For an alpha it was very impressive but I feel there is still some work to do to make the game the best it can possibly be and with a price of 19.99 ($32.99   24.99) is almost idiotic to pass up. I imagine on full release that price will go to the normal price for a new game on Steam, either 29.99 or 39.99, so get it while its hot.
game-hours: 100.4
review: ArmA 3 has industry leading gameplay mechanics, which show a number of improvements. Optimization, graphics, and sound effects have improved considerably, but it still isn't excellent in terms of optimization or sound effects. Steamworks integration is a very nice bonus. It's a better game than ArmA 2, especially when you consider that it's best played in private co-op sessions on custom missions, but it's very disappointing to see that ArmA 3 has no noteworthy game-changing new features. It's a great mil-sim, the core game is very good and better than any other mil-sim, but it's also a poor sequel. The first release has minimal content, which is now expected due to the sudden change of an episodic release. See my full review here:
game-hours: 4.3
review: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU ARE GLOBALLY BANNED IN DAYZ STANDALONE. THE BATTLEYE BANS YOUR ENTIRE STEAM ACCOUNT. SO YOU ARE ALSO BANNED FROM ARMA III EVENTHOUGH YOU HAVE NEVER PLAYED IT.
game-hours: 2.9
review: Runs like Forest Gump before he had the leg braces removed. (Bad) Would love to get into this game, but 20 fps with low settings on a decent PC is crazy because the game doesn't even look all that good.
game-hours: 10.6
review: Great game, have a pretty  laptop but suprizingly i lag on arma 2 and dayz standalone, but i can run this at 50 FPS, I brought it in sale for $40 next day, down to $30, WTF STEAM! could of spent the extra $10 on a months subscription on brazzers.. -_-
game-hours: 787.6
review: one of the best games i have ever played defently worth buying :D
game-hours: 184.0
review: Do not buy this game. It's a colossal waste of money. Instead of paying Bohemia Interactive for their failing, they should pay you for all the pain and suffering while playing this game.
game-hours: 78.0
review: BEST GAME EVER!!!! RECOMENNED
game-hours: 24.7
review: Everything about this game improves on Arma II except for one key point. The game simply does not run. Not on high end machines, not on anything, it is so poorly optimised and coded that no system can run it smoothly (60 fps). Online games lag all the way down to 10-15 fps in cities just because the server code is poorly written and results in server side lag that effects frame rate as well as hit detection. If this game was actually able to run at a decent frame rate that stayed decent online it would be a wonderful game. Until that time i cannot recommend this game.
game-hours: 513.6
review: The base game I would give 80/100.....with all the great mods people put together for it I would give it a 90/100. This is due to the fact some of the mods are still.....meh....to say the least. Great game overall and highly suggested to realistic shooter enthusiasts.
game-hours: 5.1
review: First thing I'm getting once it's 75% off (bless the family sharing and thank you Tora). Pure gem for military sim, with next-gen icing on top.
game-hours: 155.4
review: I'll be quick and clear. I'm amazed how Bohemia Interactive has worked on this game, and the best is the support it has, performing the game every day. One of the best things about Arma is the modding, and people developing it for our delight. I fully recommend this game.
game-hours: 983.1
review: THE BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED IN MY LIFE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 287.2
review: Intense!
game-hours: 70.8
review: The most realistic military simulator (that is open to the public) that I've seen.
game-hours: 85.3
review: Like it's predecessor, Arma 3 really raises the bar in the gaming industry. Graphics, Beautiful... Physics, Fluid... Gameplay... Enagaging... You won't find a shooter like it! The number of mods is growing rapidly, and that's what really makes the Arma series what they are today. As with Arma 2, you are purchasing a game, with many separate games embedded for mulitplayer, or singleplayer. Due to the fact that this game is full release, there are no major issues, and it's only recently been available! However I would recommend waiting for a sale or buying this game elsewhere, as I do think 40 is a little steep, atleast for me.
game-hours: 201.9
review: The only game series which is progressing from installment to installment instead of degrading.
game-hours: 28.0
review: Great game! I love realistic FPS games like these, and can't recommend it enough! Teamwork and tactics are a necessity.
game-hours: 160.6
review: If you liked arma 2 you will like this game. If you havnt played an arma game, i would definatly recomend watching a few videos to see what its like. Personally I would give it a 9/10.
game-hours: 176.7
review: This is the best millitary simulator since operation flashpoin. Game play takes in account many aspect of real world millitary scenario. Complex operations or just a simple single missions with tons of inventory and vehicles.
game-hours: 69.3
review: Fun game when you have a group going. I would definitely suggest checking out the workshop as there are some quality missions for team play.
game-hours: 22.1
review: I bouth this game in Alpha for 20 euro, now its for 45 euro. Enjoy
game-hours: 127.9
review: m9 ill fukin shank yer nan ye stoopid wank. u fukn wot m8, ill rek u u smelly  . eet  pleb and kull yourslef.
game-hours: 25.5
review: This game was released as an incomplete game, but content is added on a regular basis. In a couple of years it'll actually be worth the $30 price tags it'll be by then. I don't recommend it at its current price, but overall it's a very solid military simulation game.
game-hours: 226.6
review: The next generation ArmA awed reviewers with promising graphics and an intense single player campaign. What seemed like a would be GOTY quickly has faded away. As people slowly, possibly dreadfully make the switch to ArmA 3 they will see it is a myriad of misfortune. With very little solid content to speak of compared to its predecessor it has left people in want. The game has been an overall disappointment for me, with a lowered sense of viable large scale combat, and very little aircraft to be talked of I was sorely disappointed at Bohemia Interactives next generation game in the ArmA series. The only thing that has made it playable is the limitless community made mods to add things that the developers seemingly forgot from ArmA 2. This causes me to not recommend this game.
game-hours: 1.0
review: Feels like I wasted my money. Game looks beautiful, but it got too frustrating when it felt like everyone else was going on with the mission and combat, and I was left looking around for the enemy. Outisde of waiting for some tracers to show up and give the enemy away, my efforts to eliminate my target were futile 99% of the time. I'd use up all my ammunition, and they'd land in a perfect shot, every single time. It got to the point that I would end up sitting back while the AI on my team took care of it- after all, they knew exactly what to do while I'm just sitting there shrugging my shoulders. This is not your typical combat FPS. The controle are wonky, and I spent a hard-earned $60 on frustration. I have a Titan video card. It runs all of my games on maximum settings flawlessly. With Arma 3, it seems like all I do to ajust the graphics settings makes no difference, as I'm hit with major framerate issues. After a few days, I reinstalled the game to give it another chance, but I just couldn't get anything accomplished. I personally don't recommend the game.
game-hours: 278.3
review: "None of your friends have played this game recently. Tell them why they should." They shouldnt.
game-hours: 14.9
review: game isnt realistic tbqh if i was really a solider i wouldbe owning n000bs and  womyn like are they mad?
game-hours: 211.5
review: HA GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
game-hours: 454.7
review: train simulator with tanks and youll be teamkilled more than you encounter an enemy.
game-hours: 470.7
review: Endless hours of fun. So much funny and awesome  happens. However, it is pretty commanding on your pc. But that's easily fixed. It only gets better the more friends you have playing with you. I would like more of mine to have it (ING BUY IT CASEY). Anyway, great game! So many amazing memories and it hasn't even been that long. Highly recommend it.
game-hours: 88.6
review: This game is totaly waste of money for amd owners. Getting too low fps with poor cpu - gpu usage. Fps around 15-30 with high settings and it's dramaticly same with low settings too. Not optimized for amd cpu - apu. Totaly unplayable for amd owners. I opened a ticket on steam cs for refund my money.
game-hours: 1.1
review: i7/16g memory everything on low or turned off - MAX 20fps. Nuff said.
game-hours: 5.3
review: 20 FPS what the hell Bohemia fix that
game-hours: 426.7
review: Great military simulator, which will make you play for many hours with all the stuff do. The game looks really good for the huge map, and if you have friends to play with the games fun factor completely changes. You can plan operation and do them with your friends and you will feel like you are actually in the army. (But then you realize you sitting on your chair yelling at your friends through the mic.) Everyone should get this game, not just because it is great fun, because it shows true teamwork and co-ordination. Hope this helped with your decision :)
game-hours: 0.4
review: completely worthless game. textures don't load more that 100 feet infromt of you. Controls are so unresponsive it is not worth playing. not even worth playing for free. this game missed it's mark. all the nice landscapes and footage you saw in the video was cutscenes. total marketing lie
game-hours: 1123.8
review: Flying tanks, aimbot AI and all rounded shenenigans and barrels of Charlie Chaplins everywhere. Get this game! ROCKET GIVE ALPHER PLZ!   _  Give SA! Rocket Plz
game-hours: 2.4
review: Tried it out on free weekend. Can't stop playing. Who needs sleep when you have Arma 3?
game-hours: 8.0
review: do you like wandering around in the middle of no where for 2hrs just to get killed one min into combat? do you love admin abuse? well boy do i have a game for you! its called arma 3 , if you like a whole lot of walking around and doing nothing , your gonna love this
game-hours: 2.2
review: Lol I dont even own it wtf y can i do this 10/10 would recommend to other pants. EDIT: Why do I have one hour lol
game-hours: 16.6
review: Beautiful game nice game if you have 60usd buy this game im trust
game-hours: 72.5
review: I killed someone on a go kart with a lightning bolt, then i killed another guy by putting several planes on him that glitched and blew up. Buy this
game-hours: 53.9
review: MEH...Dont get exited for this game its kinda bad!
game-hours: 9.0
review: no chinese no good.
game-hours: 77.5
review: Fun
game-hours: 323.3
review: Buy this.
game-hours: 547.3
review: A definite upgrade from Arma II, the controls act more like PC controls of the 21st century (not feeling like your wading through pudding when trying to look, strafe, etc.) and the graphics of course are much improved. There have been some issues with PhysX crashes, but only from those with AMD cards in my experience. Sa-Matra wasteland alone is reason enough to pick this up! The only gripe I really have is that they still have not made the client/server multi-threaded. One of the most idiotic things to overlook when the AI calculations and such really make this game/engine heavily CPU-intensive. If you love realistic shooters without all the kill-streak B.S. and handicapping, pick this game up.
game-hours: 1994.7
review: This game used to be good but since Bohemia which doesnt listen to people have made this game into a drunk simulator 2014 just as they did with walking simulator aka DayZ standalone. They have taken weapon machanics to next level of unrealistic where your soldier has no muscles to control and hold a gun in his hand since it has unrealistic exaggerated sway in a shape of number 8 and will be adding unrealistic inertia into the fact where when you move your weapon even a bit it starts to rock from side to side. They need to stop changing things that werent broken and fix a million other problems in their game. I do like how they spent a lot of time to imrove some stupid door sounds and yet when you wanna open a door you have one of the worst action menus in the world where you have to scroll your mouse to do anything. On their forums they dont like any negative feedback and only wanna hear all praise on how awesome their unrealistic sway and inertia are. I will be uninstalling this game cause its just unplayable especially since this game cant even give you 30fps online and usually goes down to 20fps or worse and then you realise how horrible the sway becomes. Save your money on a finished game and support developers who actually listen to the customer.
game-hours: 229.6
review: Wish I could get a refund, it crashes everytime I try to play. Even after following guides to fix all the problems, I even factory reset my computer twice and asked support for help. Yet, nothing. GG. Maybe stop breaking the game with every update, it'd be nice.
game-hours: 10.6
review: Great game, have a pretty  laptop but suprizingly i lag on arma 2 and dayz standalone, but i can run this at 50 FPS, I brought it in sale for $40 next day, down to $30, WTF STEAM! could of spent the extra $10 on a months subscription on brazzers.. -_-
game-hours: 29.7
review: Imagine this: You're sprinting. Under heavy fire. Trees look like turds. Sand looks like a solid block of chocolate. Clouds are disabled because your computer can't render them. Oh baby, and those shadows...that you have to turn off because your game will crash. You lay prone and pull out your sidearm. Suddenly! The frames skip. The game lags. You are shot and killed by a sweaty greasy 40 year old man. Your game crashes. You came all over your PC. 11/10 Much Lag Very Death Such Unfair P.S. Still is amazing
game-hours: 226.6
review: The next generation ArmA awed reviewers with promising graphics and an intense single player campaign. What seemed like a would be GOTY quickly has faded away. As people slowly, possibly dreadfully make the switch to ArmA 3 they will see it is a myriad of misfortune. With very little solid content to speak of compared to its predecessor it has left people in want. The game has been an overall disappointment for me, with a lowered sense of viable large scale combat, and very little aircraft to be talked of I was sorely disappointed at Bohemia Interactives next generation game in the ArmA series. The only thing that has made it playable is the limitless community made mods to add things that the developers seemingly forgot from ArmA 2. This causes me to not recommend this game.
game-hours: 1.0
review: Feels like I wasted my money. Game looks beautiful, but it got too frustrating when it felt like everyone else was going on with the mission and combat, and I was left looking around for the enemy. Outisde of waiting for some tracers to show up and give the enemy away, my efforts to eliminate my target were futile 99% of the time. I'd use up all my ammunition, and they'd land in a perfect shot, every single time. It got to the point that I would end up sitting back while the AI on my team took care of it- after all, they knew exactly what to do while I'm just sitting there shrugging my shoulders. This is not your typical combat FPS. The controle are wonky, and I spent a hard-earned $60 on frustration. I have a Titan video card. It runs all of my games on maximum settings flawlessly. With Arma 3, it seems like all I do to ajust the graphics settings makes no difference, as I'm hit with major framerate issues. After a few days, I reinstalled the game to give it another chance, but I just couldn't get anything accomplished. I personally don't recommend the game.
game-hours: 1.1
review: i7/16g memory everything on low or turned off - MAX 20fps. Nuff said.
game-hours: 5.3
review: 20 FPS what the hell Bohemia fix that
game-hours: 619.4
review: Pew Pew Pew
game-hours: 316.6
review: awesome game but.....dev are f'in idiots....how do I join on riends that are in the same clan????????????????? can not do it ..... after 2 games u "smart people" cannot figure out how to get friends into the same game???????????????? Wiskey Tango Foxtrot????????????????????
game-hours: 547.3
review: A definite upgrade from Arma II, the controls act more like PC controls of the 21st century (not feeling like your wading through pudding when trying to look, strafe, etc.) and the graphics of course are much improved. There have been some issues with PhysX crashes, but only from those with AMD cards in my experience. Sa-Matra wasteland alone is reason enough to pick this up! The only gripe I really have is that they still have not made the client/server multi-threaded. One of the most idiotic things to overlook when the AI calculations and such really make this game/engine heavily CPU-intensive. If you love realistic shooters without all the kill-streak B.S. and handicapping, pick this game up.
game-hours: 1994.7
review: This game used to be good but since Bohemia which doesnt listen to people have made this game into a drunk simulator 2014 just as they did with walking simulator aka DayZ standalone. They have taken weapon machanics to next level of unrealistic where your soldier has no muscles to control and hold a gun in his hand since it has unrealistic exaggerated sway in a shape of number 8 and will be adding unrealistic inertia into the fact where when you move your weapon even a bit it starts to rock from side to side. They need to stop changing things that werent broken and fix a million other problems in their game. I do like how they spent a lot of time to imrove some stupid door sounds and yet when you wanna open a door you have one of the worst action menus in the world where you have to scroll your mouse to do anything. On their forums they dont like any negative feedback and only wanna hear all praise on how awesome their unrealistic sway and inertia are. I will be uninstalling this game cause its just unplayable especially since this game cant even give you 30fps online and usually goes down to 20fps or worse and then you realise how horrible the sway becomes. Save your money on a finished game and support developers who actually listen to the customer.
game-hours: 229.6
review: Wish I could get a refund, it crashes everytime I try to play. Even after following guides to fix all the problems, I even factory reset my computer twice and asked support for help. Yet, nothing. GG. Maybe stop breaking the game with every update, it'd be nice.
game-hours: 53.9
review: MEH...Dont get exited for this game its kinda bad!
game-hours: 9.0
review: no chinese no good.
game-hours: 77.5
review: Fun
game-hours: 323.3
review: Buy this.
game-hours: 29.7
review: Imagine this: You're sprinting. Under heavy fire. Trees look like turds. Sand looks like a solid block of chocolate. Clouds are disabled because your computer can't render them. Oh baby, and those shadows...that you have to turn off because your game will crash. You lay prone and pull out your sidearm. Suddenly! The frames skip. The game lags. You are shot and killed by a sweaty greasy 40 year old man. Your game crashes. You came all over your PC. 11/10 Much Lag Very Death Such Unfair P.S. Still is amazing
game-hours: 26.0
review: In my opinion the second game is much more fun. I don't really like the setting, and the game is just not Arma. This game is more like "Arma: Tactical Roleplay Altis Life".
game-hours: 12.8
review: The battleye service is absolute ! i got banned for purchasing a vehicle on "Altis Life" i do not recommend this game!
game-hours: 2.2
review: This game is a waste of money.... It's the buggiest game I ever played, sounds are late like Mexican movie... Player gets tired like he has a hangover, and the AI its on speed, its almost impossible to catch up... Man just don't buy this game I wasted 40 bucks on this terrible game....
game-hours: 164.6
review: Fun army simulator game, although I play it for the RPG city life element. It's also less buggy in comparison to it's predecessor, ArmA 2.
game-hours: 20.7
review: i ed a black girl
game-hours: 107.2
review: When you get this you think your gonna be a badass marine You end up playing Altis Life all the ing time after one video 10/10 realism
game-hours: 2.2
review: Lol I dont even own it wtf y can i do this 10/10 would recommend to other pants. EDIT: Why do I have one hour lol
game-hours: 44.6
review: The One and Only i can be a soldier without training feel the battlefield keep this game alive
game-hours: 479.0
review: Realistic, beautiful, and good gameplay experience. There are bugs here and there, but they usually get fixed, the game in my opinion is a bit boring due to it being in the future, with non-existing weapons. It is too bad there aren't any popular PvP servers though. the game looks and feels much better with loads of good mods to it and is extremely fun to play with others.
game-hours: 345.3
review: Yes, yes, yes....... Great game to play with your friends. It has a lot of variation.
game-hours: 112.8
review: 9-11/69+420 gucci
game-hours: 109.6
review: Ran towards a tank butt naked firing a pistol. Got blown to hell.10/10.
game-hours: 57.4
review: The best Military simulator ever!!! Pros: Ballistics is realistic Alot of Multiplayer mods Awesome sound effects + graphics Gotta love the option to customize your gear Great Factions to play with You can play this game even if you don't or have friends (And..........Girlfriend :D ) Cons: Physics are off You would need a nice computer Vehicles when bumped backflips You can't destroy houses (So far in my experience when firing alot of rounds with a tank) Limited weapons to use (Preferablly to add some AK-47s, AKM, M4, etc.) Overall rate this game 8/10, I hope this would help! See you in the Battlefield
game-hours: 16.6
review: Beautiful game nice game if you have 60usd buy this game im trust
game-hours: 33.0
review: worst game i have ever purchased
game-hours: 1024.0
review: Would buy!
game-hours: 48.7
review: waste of freaking money. the game runs like crap, the aiming freaking sucks and theres freaking invisible enemies that can kill you even though yoju cant see them. worst game ever i regret buying this piece of crap!
game-hours: 133.1
review: ING BEAST! NUFF SAID!
game-hours: 1004.0
review: 0\10 buy if you wanna get bullied 24\7 by jews, swedish autists, british balloon poppers, fedora users and edgy shitposters
game-hours: 555.1
review: its a fun game but i cant play it for more then 20 minutes without crashing due to a DX11 error ( DX11 error : buffer Map failed : DXGI_ERROR_DEVICE_REMOVED) and its just annoying because even though i have the minimum requirements for the gpu part its still crashs and its just not fun when that happens every 5-10 mins. hopeing they fix it soon
game-hours: 449.0
review: It's THE BEST.
game-hours: 105.3
review: fantastic shooter/milatary sim butstill need to fix mini bugs but they dont really matter :D
game-hours: 25.5
review: sucks, my out of shape soldier can only run like 50m before running out of energy, starts crying, and huffs and puffs. apparently he needs his 1sg to put a boot in his  during PT.
game-hours: 152.8
review: Possibly the worst game created so far, even compared to really  indie titles. This game was never optimized for a computer from the look of things. If you run intel anything you'll be fine, but god forbid that you run AMD you'll get 0-20 fps no matter what situation. The developers for this game are autistic  who have clearly never cared for gameplay in anything, sure you can argue "It's a simulator, not a game" but it's still a "Military Simulator". There is no effort for gunplay whatsoever in this torm of a simulator. All the guns feel the same, bullets never connect where they're supposed to, you run around feeling clunky as  shooting nerf guns at nothing. TL;DR Pros: It's a game Cons: It's a really  game Low/nonexistant FPS  gunplay Models are ugly Server list sucks Just about every game out there is better than this , and that's terrible seeing as there's a full dev team that made this. Just take your $60 and spend it elsewhere, that's all there is to it.
game-hours: 169.7
review: What do I look for in a good military first person strategy shooting? Great graphics. Check. Great gameplay. Check. Great multiplayer and user generated structure. Check. Array of budder blocks and swords. ING FALSE. THIS GAME IS MISSING BUDDER. NO SWORDS. NO ARMOR. NO BLOCKS. NO BUY. 0/10
game-hours: 108.1
review: this is a ing  game breaking point does not working for me gayness and you cant alt tab out cuz its ing  gaame.
game-hours: 26.0
review: Buggy, full of hackers, unless you've got a $4000 rig don't bother.
game-hours: 20.8
review: Worst experiance I ever had. I constantly get kicked from servers for having a high ping, but in reallity my ping is always 80 or below. The game seems fun but, i'll never get to find out.
game-hours: 6.0
review: Good Game. Game Good. Price-Not good. Dont buy it yet.
game-hours: 4.4
review: Not what i expected. What a waste of money.
game-hours: 54.4
review: I just bought this game last night off steam and my Arma 3 wont even connect to the servers or anything. The news feed on the main menu is supposed to say the latest news and . It always says news offline. when i go into multiplayer no servers pop up. I dont have any mods on it. This game is a waste of money. Reset router uninstall and reinstalled and even verivyed files and still nothing.
game-hours: 3.1
review: the controls are very bad in this game the stamina has to be the worst a gun and a few mags after walking 20ft i have to stop because the guy is tired, he's a soldier not a 90 year old man. Not realistic or game realistic tbh....
game-hours: 0.4
review: completely worthless game. textures don't load more that 100 feet infromt of you. Controls are so unresponsive it is not worth playing. not even worth playing for free. this game missed it's mark. all the nice landscapes and footage you saw in the video was cutscenes. total marketing lie
game-hours: 52.3
review: If you're looking for a in-depth military simulator, look no futher, because this is the best you're going to get. Also look out for it's extensive catagory of mods such as Breaking Point.
game-hours: 184.0
review: Do not buy this game. It's a colossal waste of money. Instead of paying Bohemia Interactive for their failing, they should pay you for all the pain and suffering while playing this game.
game-hours: 85.3
review: Like it's predecessor, Arma 3 really raises the bar in the gaming industry. Graphics, Beautiful... Physics, Fluid... Gameplay... Enagaging... You won't find a shooter like it! The number of mods is growing rapidly, and that's what really makes the Arma series what they are today. As with Arma 2, you are purchasing a game, with many separate games embedded for mulitplayer, or singleplayer. Due to the fact that this game is full release, there are no major issues, and it's only recently been available! However I would recommend waiting for a sale or buying this game elsewhere, as I do think 40 is a little steep, atleast for me.
game-hours: 454.7
review: train simulator with tanks and youll be teamkilled more than you encounter an enemy.
game-hours: 470.7
review: Endless hours of fun. So much funny and awesome  happens. However, it is pretty commanding on your pc. But that's easily fixed. It only gets better the more friends you have playing with you. I would like more of mine to have it (ING BUY IT CASEY). Anyway, great game! So many amazing memories and it hasn't even been that long. Highly recommend it.
game-hours: 88.6
review: This game is totaly waste of money for amd owners. Getting too low fps with poor cpu - gpu usage. Fps around 15-30 with high settings and it's dramaticly same with low settings too. Not optimized for amd cpu - apu. Totaly unplayable for amd owners. I opened a ticket on steam cs for refund my money.
game-hours: 132.9
review: Unfinished and lazy
game-hours: 83.2
review: If you like sub 20 fps first person shooters this is the game for you!
game-hours: 437.5
review: Very Tactical, Strategy, I've enjoyed this game way too much, I recommend it. You'll have way too much fun if you bring friends.
game-hours: 285.7
review: Price is to much from Alpha by 2x.
game-hours: 201.9
review: The only game series which is progressing from installment to installment instead of degrading.
game-hours: 28.0
review: Great game! I love realistic FPS games like these, and can't recommend it enough! Teamwork and tactics are a necessity.
game-hours: 160.6
review: If you liked arma 2 you will like this game. If you havnt played an arma game, i would definatly recomend watching a few videos to see what its like. Personally I would give it a 9/10.
game-hours: 176.7
review: This is the best millitary simulator since operation flashpoin. Game play takes in account many aspect of real world millitary scenario. Complex operations or just a simple single missions with tons of inventory and vehicles.
game-hours: 69.3
review: Fun game when you have a group going. I would definitely suggest checking out the workshop as there are some quality missions for team play.
game-hours: 22.1
review: I bouth this game in Alpha for 20 euro, now its for 45 euro. Enjoy
game-hours: 913.0
review: Best Game Ever Played!
game-hours: 105.3
review: fantastic shooter/milatary sim butstill need to fix mini bugs but they dont really matter :D
game-hours: 102.5
review: Hagel Hitler fr das beste Zeug, das er in dieser Welt getan hat
game-hours: 194.8
review: Alpha was fun. Beta was fun. Release was FUN. 10/10 open world military infantry sim, loving every moment my computer can handle running it.
game-hours: 134.5
review: Arma 2 was better
game-hours: 176.5
review: One of the best mil-sims / combat-sims ever made, definatly worth the $60
game-hours: 1134.2
review: Amazing game. possibly the best game i have ever owned.
game-hours: 123.0
review: I like this game mostly for breaking point but i will still play the game
game-hours: 5.2
review: Absolute garbage. Complete Alpha Crap. Buggy as all . 2/10
game-hours: 18.2
review: I don't know if i did not give this game enough time or not, but from what I have played I hate it lol.
game-hours: 125.6
review: This game is  compared to ARMA2. Gear loadout saving process is  and not working, optimization is , AI is . In other words, it's a downgrade. Keep playing ARMA2 until this game is patched/fixed
game-hours: 0.3
review: Such a great military simulator you can't turn your head around in a car to look around where are you supposed to go... A Z-category shooter but you still have to use controls like if it would be StarCraft. I don't play an FPS to use my whole keyboard to issue broken commands. Don't buy this game. For a strategy game there's only horribly-done strategy elements, and for an FPS there's horribly done FPS elements in it. For squads and commanders, buy Battlefield or any other non-garbage tactical shooter, this game is just bad.
game-hours: 2.0
review: worst simulation game
game-hours: 7.2
review: I hope most if not all of the bugs and issues there are fixed through beta and release. For an alpha it was very impressive but I feel there is still some work to do to make the game the best it can possibly be and with a price of 19.99 ($32.99   24.99) is almost idiotic to pass up. I imagine on full release that price will go to the normal price for a new game on Steam, either 29.99 or 39.99, so get it while its hot.
game-hours: 1006.2
review: !!
game-hours: 426.7
review: Great military simulator, which will make you play for many hours with all the stuff do. The game looks really good for the huge map, and if you have friends to play with the games fun factor completely changes. You can plan operation and do them with your friends and you will feel like you are actually in the army. (But then you realize you sitting on your chair yelling at your friends through the mic.) Everyone should get this game, not just because it is great fun, because it shows true teamwork and co-ordination. Hope this helped with your decision :)
game-hours: 37.2
review: Played the first two missions; Super real and crazy fun, it definitely caught me off guard. Gameplay time: 2 hrs. Played Altis Life online; Got hacked and nuked, wonder if I still have the 24M he gave me. Gameplay time: 42 mins.
game-hours: 47.6
review: Very good FPS , Very teamwork orientated
game-hours: 50.9
review: Amazing gamemods! Got arrested for 41 manslaughters and for being the leader of a drug gang that collected, transported and sold lots of cocaine and weed over altis, in "Altis life" game mode. 10/10
game-hours: 26.0
review: In my opinion the second game is much more fun. I don't really like the setting, and the game is just not Arma. This game is more like "Arma: Tactical Roleplay Altis Life".
game-hours: 12.8
review: The battleye service is absolute ! i got banned for purchasing a vehicle on "Altis Life" i do not recommend this game!
game-hours: 276.5
review: I want a refund.
game-hours: 13.6
review: to be honest i might go for arma 2 this time, i dunno i think it has more... besides it's cheaper, and it has dayz as well, nice community (both actually), but there is something arma 3 has never came up with..... bikes, man i use bike as weapons here, real talk... what are you going to do when you are out of AMMO!?, i till what to do, use a bike simple as dat, deadly yet, convenient.
game-hours: 44.6
review: Guns what more can I say just guns.
game-hours: 30.7
review: love the game would like a dynamic campaign to be included
game-hours: 21.6
review: good game
game-hours: 301.3
review: A very good simulation and game. So many things to! good buy if u like these sort of games!
game-hours: 0.2
review: Nice game !
game-hours: 15.8
review: I hit a jump and randomly catapulted 1km in the sky, then got taken out by an anti air missile. ing 10/10
game-hours: 7.2
review: Accidentally got a RUS VPN version so I can't play the game D:
game-hours: 189.2
review: Its le meme tastic "10/10 its ok" -ign
game-hours: 158.1
review: 1000000 / 1000000 GOTY BEST MIL SIM !!!!!!!!! TRADED IN MY SOUL FOR THIS GAME.
game-hours: 7.4
review: 10/10
game-hours: 45.0
review: One of the best games Ive' played...just no jumping
game-hours: 0.1
review: I wish I had arma
game-hours: 406.2
review: Amazing game! I give it a full 10/10!
game-hours: 151.7
review: very goooooooooooooooooooooooooooog!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 88.0
review: Summary: Tensions rise as NATO peacekeeping forces begin to leave The Republic of Altis: a strategic fault-line between crumbling European influence and a powerful, resurgent East. But when a key radar facility drops off the grid, a Mediterranean flashpoint risks escalating into global conflict. Also Gameplay: The engine is a big step up over ArmA 2. Things like the adjustable stances, dynamic fog, physics and underwater terrain add tons of possibilities in the game. Setting: This is one of my major problems with the game. Sci-fi and simulation don't mix well. While I know that everything in the game is possible, the fact remains that most vehicles and weapons are pure speculation. The equipment not being used in present day armed forces partly kills the immersion for me. Hopefully ACE mod will fix this. SP content: The campaign (so far) is awesome. BI managed to improve the storytelling and the gameplay as well as the realism. MP: performance in MP can be horrible, depending on the gametype and server. I don't often find populated servers with interesting gametypes, as there only seem to be 2 popular gametypes on public servers. Collapse
game-hours: 91.9
review: best game
game-hours: 67.5
review: ZOMG BBQ PWN, need I say more?
game-hours: 11.9
review: OMG Best Game ever i played :D I Recommend This game! *Wasteland Situation!* :D Drove with friend in quad then Helicopter was starting to shoot us, so we jumped out of quad and ran into forest, so my friend got injured legs so i was angry so taked out mine RPG and when he flyied under us,i shoot him, with my Rpg,and they just blowed up :D then we started to loot them :D so this game is so cool!
game-hours: 0.7
review: I don't have this game....
game-hours: 11.3
review: just amazing!!:3
game-hours: 110.1
review: broke my legs on a bunny. 12/10
game-hours: 136.7
review: I can crash my computer by spawning 1000+ units fighting each other. 10/10
game-hours: 683.9
review: If you have friends, this is a great game to play with them. If you don't have any friends, this is a great game to play alone. If you don't have the game to play, get the money for it. If you don't have the money for it, get a job. If you don't have a job, rob the bank. If you get arrested robbing the bank, at least you tried.
game-hours: 34.0
review: You only have 2 arms, not 3 like the title says.
game-hours: 398.9
review: i used drugs 10/10 this is a very scary game a helicopter came down and burned my eyes out and i died
game-hours: 178.9
review: pretty gay.
game-hours: 110.6
review: Brilliant game, can use some Help though some bugs are annoying..
game-hours: 493.7
review: The Game does have some pretty minor glitches but other than that Arma 3 is a great game for community development. Dev's out there create some pretty fantastic mods and addons for the games because of the huge open world maps and functions Bohemia Interactive provides in Arma 3. Many people buy this game just for the AMAZING addons to the game which allow very unpredictable scenarios to happen. Arma is Intriguing to me because the game is UNPREDICTABLE. Games that are unpredictable are more of a way for players to choose how they play and gives a slight immersion. There can be scenarios where you see a heli crash onto a building which is 100 meters away and that building had one of your best soldiers now knocked out waiting to ambush the enemy who is surrounded with OPFOR. What do you do? Arma is fantastic because its your choice of how you want to play the game where other games have straight up orders to do stuff, why would you want to do that? I would give this game a 9/10
game-hours: 331.1
review: Amazing game the createors realy out did thereselfs this time. and there is something for evryone there is many many different type of gamemodes.
game-hours: 215.8
review: Ebola Recommends this game
game-hours: 48.2
review: Great game, especially with friends. 9/10
game-hours: 1235.7
review: best
game-hours: 35.7
review: I ran over someone and they flew away. 10/10 game
game-hours: 249.6
review: Ran for barely a minute, couldn't run anymore. 10/10
game-hours: 485.3
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 8.7
review: I Really enjoyed this game but i mostly enjoyed the multiplayer! Everything about this game is just great but i would say its a bit overpriced! The community is amazing not like Gmod which is filled with kids! 9/10
game-hours: 109.9
review: Best game ever 10/10 doge simulator
game-hours: 40.3
review: Great game with the Breaking Point Zambies Mod :)! You need a good PC to run it good though xD
game-hours: 35.4
review: This game is to fun i cant believe they put this much time on this game. I wonder if their going to make Arma 4
game-hours: 444.0
review: I sucked a guys  10 out of 10 would  again
game-hours: 404.9
review: It crashes all the time.
game-hours: 0.8
review: Children play Call of Duty Boys play Battlefield Men play ARMA 3
game-hours: 60.9
review: I'm making this review to offset the bad reviews
game-hours: 8.6
review: Absolutely fantastic Simulator game. Wether you play it as an simulator,a role-playing game,or an ordinary shooter,Arma 3 has everything to be able to deliver to any first-person/third-person shooter fan,offering a variety of gamemodes,and mods. Pick it up,now!
game-hours: 83.9
review: 11/10 I love this game, it has gave me so many amazing moments of epicness. (Get Battle Royale and Breaking Point mods). lol and noscopes are included kbye
game-hours: 136.7
review: LOVE IT.
game-hours: 45.5
review: Arma 3 is a Side-Scrolling 2D Platformer developed by EA. In the games' main mode (competitve), you play as one of two factions; the Terrorists, crazed madmen who seek to destroy the world by unleashing ravenous chickens infected with the Ebola virus, and the Counter Terrorists, who desire to stop the fowl plague. Armed with $800 and their wits, players seek out the various chicken sites and fight over control of the worlds destiny.
game-hours: 12.3
review: For what this game tries to be (Which is a war simulator) it fails misserably at that. The movement is clunky, the A.I Is dumb and overpowered as hell. So if you get into this game being all like "Yeah, this is what war is like, this is realistic and really precise" Then sorry. You need to get out in the real world pall. Because I don't consider a game that when you shoot the enemy in the head they are able to do a 180 turn and shoot you 3 times in the head before dying very realistic. Same goes for boosting of stairs when walking down from them to quickly and breaking your legs. This game is however one of the funniest games I have ever played with friends. The amount of vehicles, the guns, the destructible enviorment. The overall map is not to shabby either. If you get this game for fun gags with friends and just cause overall chaos then this game is perfect for that. If you get it to play it as a serious war game then i'd say the clunky motions and faulty A.I ruins that emediatly
game-hours: 0.5
review: I love this game and i wish to have.
game-hours: 333.8
review: If you enjoyed Codemasters Operation Flashpoint in 2001, then you will absolutely love ARMA III. ARMA III takes place on two different islands: Altis & Stratis. Stratis is 19 square kilometers (7.3 sq. km), with few roads and rugged forested terrian. Altis, on the other hand, is huge at 270 square kilometers (104.2 sq. mi.), with lots of roads and terrian of mostly rolling hills. However, only ~5% of the roads on Altis are paved. There is a lot of detail put in this game, including some indigenous fauna, such as snakes, rabbits, goats, dogs, insects, and a wide variety of fish and other sea critters. They do not do anything but move around, but it adds to the realism. Did I mention snakes? There are a huge number of snakes on Altis. Movement is not restricted. Meaning, you can move anywhere you like. Including using a re-breather to dive off the coast of either island to investigate ship wrecks, just for kicks. There are lots of vehicles to choose from, both civilian and military. Weapons, ammunition, and equipment can be taken from the dead. However, only take what you can carry during the missions. If you put anything in vehicles they will disappear once you return from your required mission or scouting mission. You will only be allowed to keep the items you are actually carrying. The game includes a single-player campaign broken into three episodes: Survive = 8 required missions, plus 6 optional scouting missions Adapt = 9 required missions, plus 8 optional scouting missions. Win = 6 required missions, no optional scouting missions. When you complete the first required mission for each episode, return to base, and told to report in  don't. If you report in, then you will be assigned the next required mission. Instead, go to where a group of your fellow soldiers are standing/sitting, and listen to what they have to say. This is how you get optional missions. Then go off on a scouting patrol to complete the mission, if you so desire. When you have completed your scouting mission(s), then return to base and report in for your next required mission. All the missions, except for the last one, are linear and static. Meaning, nothing you do will change the course of events. Except for the last mission. In the last mission you have to make a decision, and that decision will determine the outcome of the mission. There is a steep learning curve, and that can get a little frustrating at the beginning. If you are new to ARMA III, then I recommend enabling the Save Games in the Game Options settings and save often to help alleviate that frustration. The Survive missions are all solo, so you have time to adapt and learn the controls. The Adapt and Win missions team you up with a fireteam at your command. By the time you complete the campaign (~30 hours) you should be familiar with giving your fireteam commands, both individually and as a group. ARMA III is more than just a First-Person-Shooter, it is a first-person combat simulator. The weight of your equipment is taken into consideration and will effect your movement and endurance. The three different stances (prone, crouching, and standing) will effect how much your weapon recoils, which will effect how quickly you can target an enemy. Standing while trying to hit a moving target at 1,000 meters is not recommended. ARMA III allows user-developed mods, and also includes DLCs. Once you have completed the campaign, and want more single-player or multiplayer campaigns, then I recommend subscribing to the Dynamic Universal War System in the Steam Workshop. The DUWS mod will randomly create new campaigns, with as many missions as you desire. The goal of the campaign is always the same  control of the island. There are still some minor bugs that need to be worked out, but it is very playable as is. I definitely recommend ARMA III.
game-hours: 493.7
review: The Game does have some pretty minor glitches but other than that Arma 3 is a great game for community development. Dev's out there create some pretty fantastic mods and addons for the games because of the huge open world maps and functions Bohemia Interactive provides in Arma 3. Many people buy this game just for the AMAZING addons to the game which allow very unpredictable scenarios to happen. Arma is Intriguing to me because the game is UNPREDICTABLE. Games that are unpredictable are more of a way for players to choose how they play and gives a slight immersion. There can be scenarios where you see a heli crash onto a building which is 100 meters away and that building had one of your best soldiers now knocked out waiting to ambush the enemy who is surrounded with OPFOR. What do you do? Arma is fantastic because its your choice of how you want to play the game where other games have straight up orders to do stuff, why would you want to do that? I would give this game a 9/10
game-hours: 331.1
review: Amazing game the createors realy out did thereselfs this time. and there is something for evryone there is many many different type of gamemodes.
game-hours: 215.8
review: Ebola Recommends this game
game-hours: 48.2
review: Great game, especially with friends. 9/10
game-hours: 1235.7
review: best
game-hours: 35.7
review: I ran over someone and they flew away. 10/10 game
game-hours: 249.6
review: Ran for barely a minute, couldn't run anymore. 10/10
game-hours: 485.3
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 8.7
review: I Really enjoyed this game but i mostly enjoyed the multiplayer! Everything about this game is just great but i would say its a bit overpriced! The community is amazing not like Gmod which is filled with kids! 9/10
game-hours: 109.9
review: Best game ever 10/10 doge simulator
game-hours: 66.7
review: Great Game, Great modding community, and plenty of options for basically all types of players
game-hours: 62.7
review: bumped my tank into a rock my tank flew 50 ft 2 back flips later it stuck a perfect landing. would drive that tank agian
game-hours: 58.6
review: Amazing game. Well optomized. Will run on a cereal box with 30+ fps on full graphical seetings. Amazing multiplayer experiences and well worth the money.
game-hours: 0.3
review: A good tactical sandbox game but i haven't playeed it very much though :D
game-hours: 77.5
review: i was drving then my wheels blew out and i was kidnapped
game-hours: 92.0
review: My ARMA Story, I was a war jornalist for BBC news and I was assigned to report the war efforts of NATO forces on Stratis. When was I was on base, I was invited to tag along "Bravo 1-1" and they insured me of my safety. So, we hoped on the Ghosthawk and headed north of the Island. The men of Bravo 1-1 were very speechless along the ride as if they were getting ready for the worst and this concerned me because what could be worst than getting shot at? As we have landed, Bravo 1-1 had begun advancing towards a town near the coastal line. I try to keep up with them, but the smooth task force squad effectively glided every inch of the way as they scan for enemies. Once we've reached the coast, we were already taking shots by enemy fire from over the horizon. Bravo 1-1's squad leader, callsign "Toast", yelled my name while firing his weapon saying,"GET TO COVER!!!!". I ran towards his safety only because I was in shock and did not know what to do. He completely disapproved of my reaction and lead me to the nears wall. After a couple of minutes of the violent firefight which felt like hours, a loud count down appeared, "5...4...3...2...1..." and a bright white flash blinded us. BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMM A NUCLEAR MISSILE EXPLOSION!!!!! A large mushroom cloud had risen into the sky causing and blocking the sun. Everything was so shocking and sudden! All communications were just filled with confusion. Luckliy we were far away enough from the blast zone. Finally, the mushroom cloud had disappeared and we were ordered back to homebase for a debriefing. Thanks Bravo1-1 and Toast for the great online cinematic ride. From, Paddington
game-hours: 0.2
review: no
game-hours: 656.2
review: 10/10! Absolutely love this game. Almost so much, I'm eventually going to upgrade my computer, that means paying about 1,000 Euro's or more just so I can get this game on highest specs looking AMAZING! If you're an ArmA fan than you're going to love this.
game-hours: 146.4
review: 21/10 -IGN
game-hours: 162.7
review: Pew Pew
game-hours: 12.3
review: For what this game tries to be (Which is a war simulator) it fails misserably at that. The movement is clunky, the A.I Is dumb and overpowered as hell. So if you get into this game being all like "Yeah, this is what war is like, this is realistic and really precise" Then sorry. You need to get out in the real world pall. Because I don't consider a game that when you shoot the enemy in the head they are able to do a 180 turn and shoot you 3 times in the head before dying very realistic. Same goes for boosting of stairs when walking down from them to quickly and breaking your legs. This game is however one of the funniest games I have ever played with friends. The amount of vehicles, the guns, the destructible enviorment. The overall map is not to shabby either. If you get this game for fun gags with friends and just cause overall chaos then this game is perfect for that. If you get it to play it as a serious war game then i'd say the clunky motions and faulty A.I ruins that emediatly
game-hours: 0.5
review: I love this game and i wish to have.
game-hours: 333.8
review: If you enjoyed Codemasters Operation Flashpoint in 2001, then you will absolutely love ARMA III. ARMA III takes place on two different islands: Altis & Stratis. Stratis is 19 square kilometers (7.3 sq. km), with few roads and rugged forested terrian. Altis, on the other hand, is huge at 270 square kilometers (104.2 sq. mi.), with lots of roads and terrian of mostly rolling hills. However, only ~5% of the roads on Altis are paved. There is a lot of detail put in this game, including some indigenous fauna, such as snakes, rabbits, goats, dogs, insects, and a wide variety of fish and other sea critters. They do not do anything but move around, but it adds to the realism. Did I mention snakes? There are a huge number of snakes on Altis. Movement is not restricted. Meaning, you can move anywhere you like. Including using a re-breather to dive off the coast of either island to investigate ship wrecks, just for kicks. There are lots of vehicles to choose from, both civilian and military. Weapons, ammunition, and equipment can be taken from the dead. However, only take what you can carry during the missions. If you put anything in vehicles they will disappear once you return from your required mission or scouting mission. You will only be allowed to keep the items you are actually carrying. The game includes a single-player campaign broken into three episodes: Survive = 8 required missions, plus 6 optional scouting missions Adapt = 9 required missions, plus 8 optional scouting missions. Win = 6 required missions, no optional scouting missions. When you complete the first required mission for each episode, return to base, and told to report in  don't. If you report in, then you will be assigned the next required mission. Instead, go to where a group of your fellow soldiers are standing/sitting, and listen to what they have to say. This is how you get optional missions. Then go off on a scouting patrol to complete the mission, if you so desire. When you have completed your scouting mission(s), then return to base and report in for your next required mission. All the missions, except for the last one, are linear and static. Meaning, nothing you do will change the course of events. Except for the last mission. In the last mission you have to make a decision, and that decision will determine the outcome of the mission. There is a steep learning curve, and that can get a little frustrating at the beginning. If you are new to ARMA III, then I recommend enabling the Save Games in the Game Options settings and save often to help alleviate that frustration. The Survive missions are all solo, so you have time to adapt and learn the controls. The Adapt and Win missions team you up with a fireteam at your command. By the time you complete the campaign (~30 hours) you should be familiar with giving your fireteam commands, both individually and as a group. ARMA III is more than just a First-Person-Shooter, it is a first-person combat simulator. The weight of your equipment is taken into consideration and will effect your movement and endurance. The three different stances (prone, crouching, and standing) will effect how much your weapon recoils, which will effect how quickly you can target an enemy. Standing while trying to hit a moving target at 1,000 meters is not recommended. ARMA III allows user-developed mods, and also includes DLCs. Once you have completed the campaign, and want more single-player or multiplayer campaigns, then I recommend subscribing to the Dynamic Universal War System in the Steam Workshop. The DUWS mod will randomly create new campaigns, with as many missions as you desire. The goal of the campaign is always the same  control of the island. There are still some minor bugs that need to be worked out, but it is very playable as is. I definitely recommend ARMA III.
game-hours: 425.9
review: good fun game with lots to do
game-hours: 69.1
review: Arma 3 is an interesting game with all the god awful driving physics for the trucks... But hey! let's get past that one con. Arma 3 in general is a frun game, But when you have friends that play it, when i first bought Arma 3 i played scenarios and got bored as hell in ten seconds flat, but when you really get into it and start playing Altis Life and make a gang with your friends and do all that kind of stuf like my friends and i do all the drug dealing, it really hits how the fun this game is, and how pretty it is depsite the driving physics.... 8/10 realy fun game Pros: Gameplay Altis Life Online Multiplayer Cons: Physics Single PLayer
game-hours: 269.9
review: The best MilSim out there by far.
game-hours: 243.7
review: Banned For No Reason and wont respond to my unban notice 10/10 would buy on my other account
game-hours: 8.4
review: Nice Game Never got the Chance to Play Arma 3 Life tho
game-hours: 309.9
review: This game can be a lot of fun when played with friends. However, the computer AI is sometimes horrendously unpredictable and the game has a few minor bugs. Other than those flaws the game looks amazing running on ultra. If you like to explore sandbox type games, this comes highly recommended from me.
game-hours: 188.1
review: a very good all around game
game-hours: 451.3
review: Must buy. Great game, gameplay is much more fluid than Arma 2, and mods and user created content provide endless gameplay. grab some buds, make a squad, and go kick some !
game-hours: 1.0
review: So i give this game a 1/10. I was playing it and it started to bug out, and then i saw a person. This person was dressed like ben10 and was going yoooooy. so i walked up to them and i was like spongbob patrick and my friend is being a arma. So then that arma went yoooy yoooy yooo and it spongebobed all the way up to the house to mr krabs, who was weirdly dressed like vass from far cry 3 and pearl was dressed like jason.
game-hours: 13.6
review: to be honest i might go for arma 2 this time, i dunno i think it has more... besides it's cheaper, and it has dayz as well, nice community (both actually), but there is something arma 3 has never came up with..... bikes, man i use bike as weapons here, real talk... what are you going to do when you are out of AMMO!?, i till what to do, use a bike simple as dat, deadly yet, convenient.
game-hours: 8.5
review: Arma 3: Broken Engine Point
game-hours: 27.6
review: A lot of potential for a good game but alas it is . Terrible campaign, Horrible AI, More bugs than there are types of insects. Clunky slow interface. Would not recommend getting this game to my worse enemy
game-hours: 1.3
review: Played this over a free access weekend, I have a high-end gaming rig so no problems there - liked what I saw. I really wanted this game, but decided to do some research before I pulled the trigger. I really wanted a game that would let me play with modern vehicles. I couldn't wait to jump in an Abrams or Apache or a Leopard 2 or a T-90... or jump in a Tunguska to try and shoot down a A-10. I had visions of massive armored battles with supporting infantry, artillery and drones oh my! All with badass graphics, and realism only a simulator can give - beyond the laughable dumbed down versions found in the likes of Battlefield and CoD. THEN I came across screenshots of what initally looked like a Russian Mi-28 Havoc (Sweet!) With... the dual contra-rotating main rotor blades of a Ka-50 Hokum?! Apparently, Arma III, much vaunted "hardcore military simulator" doesn't even have real-world vehicles in it. Fantasy island nations with ficitious governments to battle in I can handle. Completely made-up armored vehicles, tanks and helicopters in a supposed high-end military 'simulator'? No Thanks.
game-hours: 4.7
review: Good for Altis life, little else to say thats good.
game-hours: 3.7
review: hiking simulator 2014
game-hours: 72.6
review: I say no simply because the Arma 3 main game multiplayer (Including Wasteland) feels like it is still in Beta with the amount of bugs, glitches, lag etc. It is worth it for the Mods Takistan Life and Altis Life but i still wouldn't pay 35 for it. If its going cheap and your tempted? Get it, otherwise avoid it. I still enjoy Arma 2 more its smoother.
game-hours: 2.3
review: The game looks good, the audio is fantastic and the style of play when considering other FPS is very authentic. The mission designs and training are great and well thought out. I can clearly see why many people are taking to this game franchise as it provides a much more realistic diversion then one would get from CoD etc. So why am I giving this a negative review? Because this game does something with its control format that I just do not like. In an effort to make the game more realistic the developers provide too many customization options for the keyboard. It took me roughly 1.5 hours to tweak the controls to the point where it was halfway playable and even then because you have a button for what feels like everything, it isnt smooth. I know some will disagree with me but despite the unrealistic approach to the CoD etc franchises one thing I feel they always get right is how intuitive they make the controls feel. That is really the best way I can describe it. I can say from experience that with enough training and practice weapons manipulation, tactics, movement etc becomes second nature and smooth despite the chaos that a battlefield provides. It has to be said this game gets most things right, but whatever fun or joy there is to be found in it (in my opinion anyway) is taken away by an overly complicated controls layout.
game-hours: 13.2
review: not very well optimized, has a learning curve on figuring out how to have fun in the game, garbage controls and responsiveness 5/10
game-hours: 0.1
review: After so many hours trying to download this game on the Free Weekend I have some time to play it today, on Sunday, and it wont start because of: ( no licenses) I dont know how this game is because it wont start on the suppose Free Weekend
game-hours: 16.3
review: Software is buggy, I'll get stuck between water and land and have to restart the level. Also, I can do 2 direct head shots and nothing happens but, the character can take a single hit anywhere and die; this is on novice. If I take a differnt path, the level gets hung, and nothing will progress unless the level....again has to be restarted. My team members will have super human powers and they take off leaving me in the dust, while my character never recovers from exhaustion. I understand they try to make this a realistic as possible to being a foot soldier but, I spend most of the time "walking" from one end of the map and back. I wish they did more R&D before releasing this and spent more on combat; I wish I could have my $ back.
game-hours: 1052.9
review: Arma 3, yes. A huge game with lot of fine stuff in it. Its really fun to play actually..... BUT; you gonna reconize very soon what ruins this game again: - if you think you put 1500 into a gaming machine and though arma would run proper.... forget it.... in singleplayer you wont get troubles, but in multiplayer. Some server run with 50 players or more, and thats simply too much for this game. Gotta be honest it depends on the mod you play, but compared to singleplayer its a huge framedrop-difference. - as you noticed, its 2014..... this games has bugs that takes you back in the 90s..... it seems to me as its still in alpha, maybe beta now; 45 aint justifiable!!!! ..... and for sure not the dlc that includes 2 chopper for 13..... cmon, the community can make better add-ons and doesnt want any money for it! - if the fun isnt ruined by the stuff i already mentioned, it will after you noticed youre hard work was wasted by a hacker. You need to seperate a good gamer and the fact that 3rd person can be very tricky if used smart or the fact that its not like hitting stuff in COD or it can take up to 5 bullets or even thermal-attachments was used, with a hacker-child that uses god-mode and hits anything with his aimbot..... or even more annoying stuff like finish a whole game by probably 1 click...... 80 peoples will lose all their stuff by 1 hacker..... how can bohemia make it that easy to hack its game?.... im not talking about a hacker once a month....... if you have some game experience after a while (im personally talking about 600h+) you will notice them in almost ANY SERVER!!! and dont think they get caught...... steam wont support your work with finding and banning the hacker... of course not .... its like "hmm the more hacker there are, the more player dont wanna play this game anymore.... and what will they do? ..... buy a new steam-game!!!!! perfect lads"..... this game is death, good bye!
game-hours: 0.5
review: It can't run properly but Arma 2 is optimised to do it, if the devs would put better optimisations on it would be a thumbs up
game-hours: 62.3
review: Runs like sh*t dont even try playing multiplayer, it dosent work for shiz nig, refresh is broken, cant join a friends game through steam.
game-hours: 34.2
review: Would probably be a good game but buggy as hell.crashes all the time.If im lucky i might get to play 10 minutes before it locks up,but most of the time its about 2 minutes. I have a quad core processor,Radeon R9 200 HD,4 gb ram so i know my cpu is well above requirments.So dont waste your money unless you like hours and and hours of trying to troublshoot the game just so you can play for 5 minutes.
game-hours: 86.9
review: Great Game, but the thing i really dont like is that you need a good graphic card to play it! but overall great game
game-hours: 913.0
review: Best Game Ever Played!
game-hours: 284.9
review: I have fallin in love with this game. Altis Life is the best mod on this game. The roleplay and every situation is diffrent every time I long on. The flying, Driving, Diving, Selling drugs, taking kindnies, robbing , minning and much more. The single player is alright but all the mods and the community make up for it.
game-hours: 447.7
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 1233.4
review: Overview: Arma III, such a beatiful game and it's also really fun! Enjoy Arma as it is, or try out one of it's many fantastic mods. Arma is known for modding in the community, along with countless other addons to the game for free. The DLC for this game is fantastic and should really be considered when buying the game. Overall I think Arma is a game that needs more contrIbuters and with that we could see many new exciting mods and gameplay that you can't find anywhere else. It's worth every dollar and even more worth it for the communiy gameplay that can come from it. REVIEW: Arma is a beatiful game, the graphics are fantastic and all. Although for $60 price tag, you will need alot more than that if you are looking at running the game at a reasonable framerate and trying to insure that the game can look at its finest. Another fault of this game is the campaign, boring and preety much a waste of time and resources by the developers. I believe the resources put into the campaign would have helped the multiplayer much more. Multiplayer, what we are all here for right? The multiplayer aspect of this game is just briliant! Is roleplay your thing, running away from the cops or getting into high speed pursuits - growing cannabis or mining salt, the roleplay game mods have it all. Or do you think you would enjoy king of the hill, on a massive server and trying to control a centre objective with 3 small army's fighting to the last man to take control. I do think if you don't already own this game, just get it! 8/10
game-hours: 153.7
review: Not bad
game-hours: 525.2
review: When it comes to writing a review for this game, I really don't even know what to say. This series has always been a go to for me, basically since the beginning of my PC gaming days, I was playing OFP in 2001. Over the years this series has entertained me longer than any other i've ever played. There is absolutely no competition to ArmA, no game/simulator comes even close to what arma has to offer, or even comes close to the gameplay experience ArmA has. As any ArmA veteran knows, there is some humps you need to tackle to get use to the game. It's not a game a where you can just join a server and play like battlefield or red orchestra. That's not how the game is structured. It's not a game where you can play it natively, it is not designed in a structured gameplay style what-so-ever. This isn't a game where you can play by yourself( Well, you could...). It's hard to explain to the average-gamer what this game is about. It's a platform and if you're playing it without utilizing the very nature of the game is not going to result in the ideal experience you have heard about. You need to have a community of players, small or large, and 3rd party content to form the game into the GAME you want this PLATFORM to be. The average content pack is at least 10gb, but you should expect 20+gb of content. The game is designed to be modified. Arma 3 has no asset content and ArmA 2 is merely a skeleton of a game body. Explaining to the average player that they need to download a special program and install 10s of gigabytes of content is difficult, it sounds like hard work. Your average player doesn't want to 'work' to get the game into a playable state. That's understandable, but that's not what this game is about. It's so versatile for a reason, so groups of people can make the game exactly how they want it. It's really almost too much to explain, all I can say is that if you give this game a chance, and you put in the work for the first time around to set it up, it's amazing. It is absolutely unmatched. Almost every issue you are going to hear about this game comes down to user error. If people are complaining about the AI, and the futuristic content( or the lack of content), that is entirely because they are not using the game to it's potential. If you don't alter the game meant to be altered, you're going to have a bad experience. The same concept can be applied to performance. I'm sure if you've looked up ArmA, you're probably wondering if you can run it. It is true that arma is a heavy game to run, but that usually is not the source of the problem. 90% of the people complaining about lag are running the game on weak computers that just cannot run arma. The game is not considerably unoptimized, it does have some networking issues, but they are hardly the cause of any major performance problem. This is an intensive game, 5 years ago you could not even dream to see what arma is providing. In a couple years, it will be much more easy to run given the bound-to-happen advancements in hardware. It also comes down to the mission maker and the server hoster, if you don't run your servers right, you are going to give your players bad performance. This game does not babysit you, and you should not expect it to. If you know what you are doing, and you have a decent computer, you will run this game with no problem at all. I hope you take the time to try it, and don't blame everything you are uncapable to do on Bohemia. There is very few things I can say that have made an impact on my life that aren't real, maybe 1 other game out of the hundreds that i've played. ArmA is one of those, there is some great, hilarious experiences in ArmA that I think I will remember the rest of my real life. Not many games can do that.
game-hours: 436.2
review: I think this is one of my best games i have right now. My favourite thing is on arma 3 that it is realistic and not like call of duty.
game-hours: 0.4
review: Step 1: Buy the game after making sure I meet all requirements. Step 2: Install the game. Step 3: Click play. Step 4: Get "ARMA III has stopped working" Error. Step 5: Try running as administrator. Step 6: Get "This aplication has failed to start because d3d11.dll was not found" Error. Step 7: Look for DirectX Folder in the ARMA 3 folder, as that is a file related to it. Step 8: Find there is no DirectX folder in the ARMA 3 local files. Step 9: Re-install. Step 10: Get same error. 0/10 - A salty person
game-hours: 707.8
review: Amazing game 9.9/10
game-hours: 84.2
review: This is a very good in-depth war simulator. Although some realism was lost in this sequel, there are a ton of new features, and an improved Mission Editor, which allows you to create your own mission or campaign. The first part of the campaign is great. Solid voice acting and quite a challenge. I reccopmend this game to anyone looking for a realistic and dynamic FPS experience
game-hours: 12.1
review: veri gud geym
game-hours: 15.4
review: If you played BF1942, you've played this.
game-hours: 1230.6
review: An extremely good game. Very tactical and all. I recommed this game to anyone!!! :D :D :D :D --------------------------------------------------
game-hours: 2073.3
review: I have no social life now apart from the one in Altis Life.
game-hours: 492.2
review: Best Military Game 10/10.
game-hours: 128.0
review: Love it. Hate it.
game-hours: 358.8
review: its k
game-hours: 24.3
review: 10/10 would get sniped again.
game-hours: 0.1
review: I COMPLETELY WASTED MY MONEY
game-hours: 465.5
review: The butt-crawling makes this game the most tactical game ever. 10/10 will crawl to victory.
game-hours: 32.4
review: And we're running, and we're running, and we're running, and we're running. Running. Walking. Running some more. A little more running. Alot more running. Is good track simulator. Strong, like Bear.
game-hours: 635.5
review: Amazing game, does need good computer to run, but, that not a prob for me ;D minor bugs, very funny when playing with different stances. campaign is well written and well created, i give this game 8 tacos out of 10 babes.
game-hours: 1681.5
review: a realy good game
game-hours: 75.8
review: awesome
game-hours: 148.1
review: To have fun in this game you MUST work with your teammates. Communication makes this game fun (or funny, you'll meet great guys on this game). Going somewhere alone if the most boring expierence you'll have. Get to that city with all your teammates and find a town to take over, plan your assault then execute. You might be able to get some good mods on this game too (Battle Royale, Breaking point) that will only expand your game expierence. When you first start off your frames will be absolute crap, google stuff to find fixes, you just have to change some stuff in your game files. Stick to certain servers too. They may be the only ones with good frames/those cool guys you were playing with earlier. All in all you gotta trust my review because i only write long reviews for games im passionate about. Single Player: Creates that epic feel that multiplayer has, with a story. 8/10, a little clunky Multi-Player: Epic stuff. Great community. You can let that tactical guy out of you that says "Tango" or "Hostile" instead of enemy. 10/10 Mod support, in-depth video settings. Overall: 9/10 game. Does not deserve to sit in your library and rot.
game-hours: 31.1
review: Brain damage isn't the word.. If you love walking about hill sides & empty towns for hours on end then by all means knock your self clean out. Really good graphics, Half decent engine but just awful gameplay. Trying to even see who is launching nades and rounds at you is a fecking personal nightmare. Could feel myself falling asleep in one game where a guy was flying for an hour with me in the back of a chopper.. and yes.. we met no enemy the entire time. 4/10 just for graphics
game-hours: 91.1
review: Great military simulation game, but definately not better than ARMA 2 : OA without Chernarus ..
game-hours: 37.0
review: if u think about SPAMMING IN COD GHOST OR EXPLOSHOION IN BF4.ARMA 3 HAS IT ALL:facepunch:
game-hours: 61.1
review: Best Hide n' Seek game ever made.
game-hours: 2985.5
review: Arma 3 is an amazing shooter. way better then games like Call Of Duty and Battlefield 4! It is a must have for anyone that likes shooters but even if you don't like them. It has things like Altis Life, Arma 3 Life (NOT RELEASED YET) and much much more!
game-hours: 547.0
review: I really recommend this game. The Game itself is a very tactical war simulation but not only that, you can play with thousands of mods for that game and missions, etc. Graphic: - Very nice graphics - One year old graphics but are still as good as new games Gameplay: - Simple Steerings - Easy driving and flying - Sometimes unreal physics (flipping cars, sadly no/not much weigth physics in cars,trucks,choppers and planes) - You can do almost everything e.g. Wasteland, Braking Point, Altis Life, King of The Hill, Battle Royale (and many more) But all in all i can highly recommend this game, me and my friends had and have a lot of fun with this game.
game-hours: 326.3
review: Such Simulator much sandbox W0W
game-hours: 41.4
review: Best CoD running simulator Walk 10 meters, start having an asthma attack
game-hours: 15.8
review: It is a great game well the editor is anyway but the fact they didnt have missions from day one was annoying but still its great to see the missions now! but overall i think this is a great and fun game!! :)
game-hours: 150.7
review: Arma... that is a soldier and one life, lots of helicopters, tanks and other things
game-hours: 83.2
review: I LOVE THIS GAME!
game-hours: 44.9
review: <3
game-hours: 5.8
review: easily the worst game I've ever played. TLDR: Waste of money.
game-hours: 7.6
review: For the small amount of time that I have played this game I have found it to be extremely boring and monotonous. You might think that it would be fun with zombies or karts or other stuff but no, its not. If you want to play a moddable game might as well play Garry's mod, which is much much cheaper. The game is full of bugs and the controls are all backwards. Half the time I find myself looking at settings when I'm actually trying to open a door. Overall this game sucks and I reccomend that everyone steer clear from it. I also forgot to mention that it is poorly optimised. 9/10 If you want realistic 0/10 If you want fun
game-hours: 164.8
review: any amount of  up :>
game-hours: 480.3
review: BEST ARMA EVER
game-hours: 6.8
review: This game is just wonderful, it is beautifully done, very good and magnificent. It is a bit hard to play, but not as hard as Arma 2. So I recommend this game for everybody and seriously, you should rather buy Arma 3 than Arma 2. :D
game-hours: 25.9
review: somebody ran me over with a quad and broke my leg and I had to crawl 2km to a town..
game-hours: 61.7
review: I have been a fan of tactical shooters for as long as I can remember, my first one being the original Rainbow six and all of its additions. Hidden and Dangerous, Ghost Recon, And the game that spawned this one Operation Flashpoint. As buggy and screwed up as that game was I was still able to eveintually play it. Not the case with this game. There is no excuse for the graphical bugs and gameplay issues present in this game. There has been ample time for this game to be optimized and yet it is still a mess. I am able to play every graphic intensive game out there on my system yet this one is barely playable. It seems some people have been able to get it to work but no luck here. This is unfortunate as it looks like I would love this type of gameplay based on my history however looks like I'll never find out since I can't even get it to run properly.
game-hours: 1485.6
review: This game is for the hard core milsim. It has a large learning curve. This game should only be played with a clan. It is a very awsome game but due to its complexity you will need a clan to help you out. They will set what mods will be used in the game and teach you what you need to know. I do recommened the 48th Mechanized Infantry. I ran with them for a long time before I had to quit and get back to school.
game-hours: 2.7
review: Dieses Spiel ist sehr schwer und ich empfehle es keinem weiter der nicht extrem geduldig ist. Das heit man knnte ausrasten, wenn man die Missionen fast nicht schaffen kann. Es gibt nicht einmal eine Art Tutorial oder eine Einfhrung. Ich bin als erfahrener Gamer schon nach der ersten Mission schon mit meinen Nerven zu Ende. Negative Punkte: - Die Gegner sind extrem geschickt und du nicht - Zu Realistisch - Steuerung ist Gewhnungssache - In der ersten Mission darfst du... - ...nicht mal eine Ziege berfahren... - ...nicht mal hupen ohne gleich gettet zu werden... - ...nicht mal offroad fahren... ... ohne dass du gleich von vorne starten musst. Positive Punkte: - Grafik In meinen Augen ist Arma III komplett in die Hose gegangen.
game-hours: 62.8
review: ITS KOOLZ (Did U see what i did there i said cool with a k and z)
game-hours: 251.8
review: .     .
game-hours: 51.2
review: Got to a submarine and made masturbating sounds to my group 10/10
game-hours: 0.2
review: Great game
game-hours: 0.4
review: YES! Everyday I play this I just  to the graphics!
game-hours: 1.2
review: This game is brilliant but has decent system requirements. I cannot play the game on high settings however I can still enjoy it regardless. If you are the kind of person that wants to have the capacity to create an infinite variety of scenarios for yourself as I am, this is a great game to play. The game is difficult and brutal, you can freely make your characters look like a civilian or a hardcore military operative. You have a staggering amount of freedom in this game and lots of strategic options involving vehicles including ATVs, helicopters, tanks, and even UAVs. The maps are extremely large and the game does not fail to deliver on any point.
game-hours: 3.5
review: Very clunky game, not fully optomized yet in my opinion. Requires a very high end PC and also requires DLC to play on most servers.
game-hours: 49.9
review: The best war sim out there.
game-hours: 597.9
review: Besides the fact your enemies turn into slender man everytime you shoot them, this game is by far best arma besides combat operations and arma 2 but graphics do matter cause in low settings on arma 3 is like medium on arma 2. Also this game is very futuristic in a way the CSAT are the closest thing to the modern day terrorists and the AAF are your greek resistance the only modern thing in this game is NATO they use commanche helis, MRAPs, Ghost hawks, and who ever is wondering whats a ghost hawk? it was the prototype heli used to transport the navy seals to kill osama. Finally the game modes are crazy fun like escape from stratis and they have steam workshop so you can download missions instead of making one your self they also have pvp but due to desync it wont be as fun as playing coop with friends. The campaign in this isnt like the one from previous armas its more dynamic it tells the story of how NATO is being attacked by AAF and the CSAT i wont spoil anything because this is a review not the campaign
game-hours: 18.8
review: it has go carts. 10/10
game-hours: 64.5
review: This game is very tactical and makes you think strategically, the community is great and the game has almost anything you could want in a military simulator, from community made content to extremely detailed maps and weapons. 9/10
game-hours: 371.6
review: i loved flashpoint dragon rising and red river and i love this too. XD
game-hours: 58.2
review: Drove 10 minutes to get to the objective, i hit a tree and my ATV broke. Had to run for 20 minutes to the obj. and got immediatly shot. 10/10
game-hours: 2162.0
review: Although there are many faults to the game, which are in the current process of being fixed, the game as it stands gives my friends and I endless capabilties through the use of the online community.
game-hours: 991.9
review: Arma 3 is a great game, especcially game modes such as Altis Life. Altis life is a gamemode where you can play as a civilian or rebel, and do things like produce cocaine and do high speed persuits away from the police. A good server I play on is end days. 217.23.7.117:2302 This is a great server with lots of good role play, enjoy it!
game-hours: 62.5
review: Call of duty is better than this
game-hours: 1635.0
review: awsome game buy it now and play some wasteland and life i realy recomend this game its very big maps and realistic
game-hours: 32.2
review: such graphics much shoot very sand woof
game-hours: 1059.5
review: Amazin
game-hours: 63.5
review: Killed a goat, best game ever
game-hours: 56.0
review: Piss
game-hours: 28.7
review: Very versatile. Mods and a great campaign make this one of the best PC actions games out now.
game-hours: 175.1
review: the best multiplayer ever huge maps lots exploration beautifal graphics especialy for the size great single player a few bugs but nothing that stops it from being fun u can play silly and mess about or play serious choice is urs
game-hours: 9.5
review: its a good game but over priced if you ask me.
game-hours: 398.3
review: This game used to be so fun, now I spend an hour or more getting started on my character only to be killed and have to start over. If you have alot of time to blow doing absolutely nothing then this is the game for you.
game-hours: 153.8
review: This game is such a piece of . Come on Bohemia, learn some  from your previous mistakes. The snipers are near impossible to use due to the dramatic weapon sway even when laying on the ground after 10 minutes. My player is tired after 10 seconds of sprinting and my game seems to run the same on ultra settings as it does on all low. The Arma engine is absolutely terrible and needs to be completely re-done. The ing go karts drive like  like the rest of the ing vehicles. I run over a wooden fence and my car blows up. The dumbest  will really piss you the  off in this  waste of money.
game-hours: 0.2
review: 90/89 I only got this for the Dew and Doritios package.
game-hours: 44.7
review: Not that much my style of game, i like Altis Life. 7/10
game-hours: 492.4
review: Also, Arma3 das ist ein tolles Spiel das man Stunden lang durchspielen kann. ES ist empfehlens wert
game-hours: 24.7
review: CAN YOU GUYS HELP ME? I can't get on <ARMA 3> i bot it and i can not it on the game it cost me $59.99. so can you guys help me ?
game-hours: 52.1
review: fdfdf
game-hours: 0.4
review: no
game-hours: 3.2
review: Absalutly brilliant il give it ***** stars hope i get the full game soon i would sugest more classes it is fun with them but mabe something like a spy with a knife amd suppresd pistol (any just if it can have a suppresor ) and maby a juggernaught with duble health and a lmg brilliant if u can get this on the fulll game
game-hours: 36.2
review: awsome
game-hours: 480.3
review: BEST ARMA EVER
game-hours: 6.8
review: This game is just wonderful, it is beautifully done, very good and magnificent. It is a bit hard to play, but not as hard as Arma 2. So I recommend this game for everybody and seriously, you should rather buy Arma 3 than Arma 2. :D
game-hours: 76.2
review: very realistic game
game-hours: 230.4
review: AI bugged out and wouldn't let me carry on with the campaign. 0/10 would play.
game-hours: 5.8
review: easily the worst game I've ever played. TLDR: Waste of money.
game-hours: 7.6
review: For the small amount of time that I have played this game I have found it to be extremely boring and monotonous. You might think that it would be fun with zombies or karts or other stuff but no, its not. If you want to play a moddable game might as well play Garry's mod, which is much much cheaper. The game is full of bugs and the controls are all backwards. Half the time I find myself looking at settings when I'm actually trying to open a door. Overall this game sucks and I reccomend that everyone steer clear from it. I also forgot to mention that it is poorly optimised. 9/10 If you want realistic 0/10 If you want fun
game-hours: 164.8
review: any amount of  up :>
game-hours: 79.1
review: good
game-hours: 35.8
review: get this
game-hours: 17.5
review: Went from shooting guys in a battle royale to driving go-karts doing time trials
game-hours: 376.6
review: This game is awesome!!!
game-hours: 354.4
review: Don't let the screenshots fool you. You have to have an amazing computer in order to play like that. For most people, trying to play the game on the higher settings will result in more lag than game. Unfortunately on the lower settings the game looks 7 years old. Graphics aside the gameplay is excellent and realistic like it should be. The episodic campaign is the biggest downside. It shows quite a bit of laziness on Bohemia Interactive's part. It's been almost 6 months since the full release and we still don't have the end of the campaign, Also, the campaign isn't very good, but multiplayer makes up for it. I personally love Wasteland and Altis Life. I would recommend purchasing this game primarily for its multiplayer.
game-hours: 388.4
review: Lol I like how there's people who have hundreds of hours in it and leave it a bad review. This game is probably one of the best purchases I've made, I can always come back to it and have fun. The ammount of possibilities in the game is endless and for the most part has a great player base. Your experience really depends on where/who you play with.. Arma3 can either be a Running simulator or a intense military simulator with moments you won't find in any other game. When you do happen to join an awesome server with coordinated people there is much fun to be had. Buy it, don't look back.
game-hours: 9.0
review: asd, kell a nagyobb steam szint
game-hours: 82.2
review: Very very tactical game, and a lot of fun to play with friends. 9/10
game-hours: 372.9
review: Wow
game-hours: 1.2
review: I know this is still in development, however the game mechanics were not smooth enough to enjoy the gameplay.. 3/10
game-hours: 171.4
review: Well so far i have gotten 95 hours clocked in.Though that isnt much compared to others its enough were i am able to give a review based on what is in the game, and not a preview where i am like this game is so F***ing awsome.Even though that person barley got any knoledge of the game.What i will be discussing first is the campain.Though i found it fun it was painfully bad.If you plan on getting the best singleplayer story.Its for sure not here so go somewhere else.Second is the editor.This is honestly where ive invested the most time whether that is making scenarios for me and my freinds or just shooting the hell out of people.So it is really nice with the things the editor offers since this is a sandbox type game.And lastly i will be discussing the games multiplayer.The arma community has always been amazing whether that is learning military commands and tatics to modding.Also with how many other players there are in a server that you normaly would play on.(wasteland,Altis/Stratis life, and king of the hill).In conclusion if you love military action and want a fun and realistic military simulation.This is the game for you.If your looking for something like CALL OF DUTY than DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.You dont find guys every where you go its lots of traversing on foot/air/wheel/tract long distances to kill mabey 1 to 20 guys.20 is only if your lucky.The score i would give this is 8.5/10 because of the story and also the mechanics and some phicics are F***ed up.
game-hours: 12.0
review: A great simulator game after ArmA 2 I think, it's very realistic. I recommend this game for someone that love real war simulator games :D (Y) Keep it up, Bohemia!!
game-hours: 235.0
review: Really Godd game
game-hours: 58.3
review: bire barke burk
game-hours: 0.9
review: some one plz buy for me
game-hours: 2.4
review: Don't get me wrong, this game plays fine and is really, REALLY pretty so if you are after good graphics then this is your game. It just didn't appeal to me because at the end of the day it is really boring. This is coming from a guy who has played previous ARMA's and Operation Flashpoint games and this one is by far the worst. Pick up ARMA 2 instead and install a graphics mod. It's cheaper and is more fun overall. Just my opinion btw so you may totally disagree if you have the game.
game-hours: 444.4
review: A youtube adventure with multiple choices that are about a bunch of toy army men and indians would be a better military simulator than this, this is very incomplete, full of bugs and hackers, tons of servers who have admins that don't do anything but ban people at the snap of a finger. I would of rather pre-ordered sims 4 honestly, and I don't even like sims. Biggest waste of 60$ i've ever seen, Cannot BELIEVE More than even a thousand people bought this crap. It's just a re-skinned arma 2 with way less content. All hating aside now, It does have good graphics. But bad physics. So you're literally paying for graphics.
game-hours: 76.8
review: Great game, epic battles, beast graphics and amazing gamemodes on multiplayer
game-hours: 79.6
review: I got global banned from both Arma 3 and DayZ SA because I piked up hacked money in an Altis life server. Complete
game-hours: 86.6
review: Love it. So much fun.
game-hours: 75.6
review: this game is 10/10
game-hours: 130.8
review: very good game love it it is nice i play it all the time !!
game-hours: 51.9
review: Battle Royale is one of the BEST mods for the game. "It's like the Hunger Games, with guns." -Wernher Von Kerman
game-hours: 11.6
review: This games interface is horrible it is not intuitive or natural by any means. Would have loved it if the interface was more like Battle Field 4. Also the game feels very choppy and I am not referring to frame rate. I guess you either love this or hate it do not think this is anything like any other shooter game. I am sure the game will appeal to fans of the previous releases but at this stage I feel like I wasted my money
game-hours: 603.4
review: Well where can I start? I would reccomend this game because Its one of the best millitary simulators I have ever played with a variety of different maps, guns and everthing you could possibly want. Definately reccomend this to anyone who is intrested! -FBGaming
game-hours: 61.1
review: One of the best games I have ever played. The realism is outstanding.
game-hours: 118.6
review: good for altis life i met this asian and he pick the lock on the po po car so much fun very cool
game-hours: 23.8
review: As a veteran ArmA 2 player, I can help you decide whether if you want this or not. First of all, you need a decent PC. I bought this game in Alpha, but my PC is kinda old and while ArmA2 runs pretty well on medium graphics, this one lags the sh*t out of my soul. Second, you have to find a good community (example: unitedoperations) who schedule events and has basic rules (teamspeak is a must have app, etc). Third: You need a LOT OF TIME. You have to learn the game. You have to learn how to communicate with teammates. And ofcourse, you have to learn to obey your commander. A normal coop mission could take up even to 2 hours. Yes, 2 hours of gameplay and sometimes even without firing your weapon. OR you get shot in the beginning and you can spectate how other guys play against AI. This game needs a higher level of will and commitment. I think these high specs are bad for the game, since players who love these realistic simulations are already a few, but if you take out those who don't have good enough PCs for the game: you get a really REALLY small community. I am still thinking about buying a new PC, but this game is not my main game at all and I think there are a lot of other players who think like me. I can't say anything about singleplayer, since I think it is not fun at all. If you have a good PC and a good community it can turn out to be a 9/10 game. If you have a good PC and a bad/no community it can turn out to be a 5/10 game. If you have a bad PC (community doesn't matter) it is a 2/10 game.
game-hours: 1.8
review: joo t on hyv peli vaikka en oo pelannukkaa D:
game-hours: 211.5
review: yes !
game-hours: 69.9
review: Concept and everything else about the game is pretty awesome. Only downside is getting 5-15 fps no matter what your setup is. If you don't mind playing a game with 5-15 fps then GO FOR IT. Otherwise it's definately not worth the 60 dollars, more like 20-30
game-hours: 85.1
review: SEXIEST GAME ALIVE! <3<3<3<3
game-hours: 14.6
review: Too many bugs. Can't finish the first campaign due to a bug. Multiplayer is boring, very slow paced.
game-hours: 39.3
review: I really tried to give this game the benefit of the doubt , and as you can tell i did buy it '' but majority of you would like to know , is this game worth it '' Well to answer that question , first you must know that this is a Military Simulation type game , and second is about team work and comunication , just like in real life combat situations.I have to give my Kudos to developers at bohemia studios , for embarking into a such ambitious sandbox open world combat game , however the amount of bugs that represents , from graphical bugs , frame studders , and don't even get me started with Online Multiplayers , the servers are so laggy , that is simply unplayable .I understand that guys at Bohemia Studios are working hard to fix all these issues , but at the moment , this game is only 50% finished , there is still a lot of work to do in order for this game to run smooth .I hope this gives you at least an idea , on what you gonna expect when you buy this game , and 59.99 is a bit too much to swallow for a game with so many bugs issues , Relax ..BF4 is on that list too , so far the TITANFALL has the smoothest experience on PC I have high hopes and will support "Bohemia Interactive " Studios , cause i like their ideas and they are not afraid to take the risks . So is this game for you? Well that will depends on what sort of player you are ? if you are someone like me , who adores and loves simulations , then yes go ahead get the game , but be prepared for bugs for time being , I think down the road '' they will improve the experience but we as community need to help them by reporting bugs and giving them support . I hope this opinion of mine , made you realize my take on this game .
game-hours: 1.4
review: pupanus, 45 euros u sad naow
game-hours: 235.7
review: The most epic movie military survival simulation i have ever played. Wanna create your own action movie simulation where you decide what to do next? Then this is the game for you. I only play on wasteland servers coz i find it more challenging and yes the survival is there which made it more interesting. This game is fun playing with friends. You need to have a working mic, you can't go typing in chat while in a gunfight right? :) got low frames or performance issues? I have one solution for you, upgrade your system. I just did and it worked like a charm. Have a nice day.
game-hours: 283.5
review: yes awesome
game-hours: 100.1
review: For me is this the most realistic game ever! Campain is less boring than in Flashpoint and previous Arma series. For me is main Editor. You can create what you want. You can make funny scenes etc. This game is really originally and one of few games what are good for buy. Authors are looking after this game -> thats next reason. THIS IS NOT WASTED MANY !
game-hours: 227.0
review: it is realy fun i recommend buying it there are mods like wasteland and altis life those are really fun
game-hours: 73.1
review: This is the most amzing strategy fps war simulation game ever , and i have been playing who knows tones of those type , but here the amazing Team Bohemia interactive just show again a huge quality and talent behind ARMA 3 and its DLC ! If you like editing this is even better you will never be bored, the game is endless and offers you a way to create your own campagn or mission or just simply what you want to be challenged of on a warfield ^^ Arma 3 is so far to me the best War game simulation :) looking forward to play again ! Stop reading now and go get it ...
game-hours: 66.7
review: One of the most realistic games I ever played, and I played...
game-hours: 322.4
review: DOWNRIGHT THE BEST MILITARY SIMULATION GAME EVER.....ITS A MUST PLAY GAME highly recommend
game-hours: 873.8
review: Get your Arma fix today!
game-hours: 36.0
review: Solid 5 minutes of fun.
game-hours: 232.9
review: Awesome game with many mods, buy this if you like the strategic and tactical side of warfare...
game-hours: 134.0
review: Owe yea..........
game-hours: 65.7
review: Very good game I love it 9/10!
game-hours: 399.9
review: A better version of Arma 2, but needs more content for its price point. If you are gonna buy this just to play single player, wait, but if you wanna fun game you can spend hours blowing your friends up in, this is the game for you. So in a sense, 12/3
game-hours: 119.8
review: Best military sim!
game-hours: 46.2
review: BEST WAR GAME EVER!
game-hours: 16.6
review: Very nice game for rage :D
game-hours: 41.2
review: the only game i will ever recommend
game-hours: 157.6
review: Easily the best game ive ever played :D
game-hours: 164.5
review: Buen juego para los que le gusta los simuladores militare y la comuniad en es bien activa :D
game-hours: 222.6
review: really amazing game that is really hard because everyone has fully automatic grenade launchers with 10x thermal scopes making it impossible to spot people easily gosh 10/10
game-hours: 8.8
review: This game is tight.
game-hours: 9.5
review: it is awesome
game-hours: 15.8
review: Sucks big time!!! I have a i5 @ 3.0Ghz, 250Gb ssd, R7 260 ati with 2Gb, 4Gb ram, 600W power, Windows 7 home premium 32bit and the damn thing says that my adapter does not support Direct X 10... It took me 3 days to download from server. I have 50Mbps internet connection and when finaly it was complete, it didn't even start!!! Sucks big time!!!
game-hours: 11.6
review: dont buy if u dont owna $500 to 600 gpu or it in sucks
game-hours: 33.9
review: I mean if you want a military simulator this is ok but ArmA 2 is where it's at
game-hours: 83.7
review: The game is damn good. But it has worst optimization ever. I probably need 2 Titans to run arma on medium setings. Do not recoment for weak pc like mine. (970 phenom, 560gtx.)
game-hours: 1037.9
review: ArmaField
game-hours: 92.7
review: dayyyy ZZZZZZZZZZ
game-hours: 75.9
review: This game has great potential, but is killed by engine issues in multiplayer.
game-hours: 103.2
review: Yah.
game-hours: 702.8
review: Arma 3 is one of the best open world games i have ever played. It has a wide variety of gamemodes and mods for everyone. unlike Arma 2 its graphics have hade a massive step up and the first person is a whole lot smoother not like arma 2 choppy first person.
game-hours: 110.0
review: One of a kind military simulation that happens to contain 1st person shooting occasionally. Known for its massive scale, unfairness, community produced content, impossible system requirements, steep learning curve and bugs. You will be doing plenty of following: 1) Waiting 2) Running in the countryside 3) Crossing your fingers you see the enemy before the enemy sees you 4) Dying in various, sudden and unexpected violent events caused by bullets, explosives, RPGs, crashing helicopters or falling from tall structures 5) Laughing at bizarre glitches In the end you either adore Arma 3 and play for years to come or uninstall it faster than a speeding bullet.
game-hours: 660.9
review: Beware,Real war inside
game-hours: 112.1
review: The Minimum or Recommended System Requirements are totally FAKE, my graphics is NVIDIA GeForce GTX 650Ti, but i just get 20fps in all low settings...that is super super horrible, but the gameplay is excellent, hope i can back in one or two years to recommend this game!
game-hours: 463.9
review: Great sandbox milsim. This game is not COD or BF4, it is a sim. If you take the time to learn all the controlls you will be rewarded with great gameplay.
game-hours: 173.0
review: Very nice game :D
game-hours: 175.9
review: Great Game!!!
game-hours: 133.2
review: AWWWWESOME
game-hours: 14.2
review: This game is awesomeballs. It's so pretty and the guns work well too. On top of that, the landscapes are huge and pretty. The vehicles are probably its only issue since they sometimes feel like jelly.
game-hours: 746.7
review: The game is great and can be played for hours without a break, the action is smooth and unforgiving one mistake can lead to half your team being slaughtered in a matter of seconds and a swarm of enemy combatants suppressing your position. The epic landscapes that the series is know for is best represented in Arma 3 with Altis and Stratis, two mediterranean paradises that have become the setting for a full scale conflict. My only qualms with the game is the lack of playable content thus far. Though the game features three conventional factions and a guerilla faction, only two of the factions have full ground capibilities (NATO and CSAT) leaving the other two at a disadvantage. Compared with Arma 2 combined operations it holds up pretty well. Another problem that doesnt bother a lot of players but bothers me personally is the lack of a full campaign. The only Issues that came to mind for me have been noted by bohemia and they are adding the campaign and more content for FREE. I would totally recommend this game if you have any interest in strategic shooters, if you liked rainbow six, battlefield, or even the less popular reboot of operation flashpoint youll find a warm home in the Arma 3 community.
game-hours: 119.3
review: No 360 noscopes 0/10
game-hours: 23.8
review: NICE GAME
game-hours: 18.5
review: I like
game-hours: 55.9
review: Bohemias third Arma! More polished and a lot of things improved from the previous Arma 2! + Sandbox + A lot of Weapons, vehicles and modifications + Big and Massive maps + Loads of hours to spend + Good community + A lot of good and fun player created content If you haven't played an "Arma" game before and looking for a more realistic/strategic military war game, buy it! Totally worth it!
game-hours: 14.4
review: If you can get into a god server and have friends that will play with you Arma III is worth the buy!
game-hours: 234.9
review: :D
game-hours: 69.7
review: One of the most beautiful games I've EVER played, and one of the most challenging. Arma III is an essential game for any would-be FPS player as it exclusively immerses the player and requires co ordination and immense teamwork. I recommend it simply because it is a beautiful game.
game-hours: 40.1
review: I love this game and if you want the intenceness of a real battle but dont want to die , heres your solution
game-hours: 40.1
review: Really fun! Super tactical! Awesome when planning pays off :)
game-hours: 310.0
review: This game will lagg if you dont have a good graphics card or have a good hard drive so watch out and have FUN!!!
game-hours: 24.1
review: A beauty of a game if your computer can run it. It has lots of strategic possibilites and can be played for hours with the addition of the steam workshop.
game-hours: 408.8
review: Huge improvement on Arma2.
game-hours: 127.2
review: Fantastic game, anyone with a brain can look at this and realize its a game to buy!
game-hours: 132.8
review: worth every peny! this is pure awesomeness!
game-hours: 155.0
review: Good step in quality for the arma series, however the content is lacking at the moment for the hardcore community. Im sure things will grow soon though.
game-hours: 56.7
review: Arma 3 is a that you play with friends and other people and have a great time on Lan or online.
game-hours: 38.4
review: Game has great potential but it lacks easy interface for multiplayer aspect of it, just seems too messy, complicated and difficult to find reasonable server to play on, make it more user friendly, perhaps look how BF4 multiplayer search works, and then this game would be top notch!
game-hours: 317.1
review: this game rocks, if u have not got it yet,your a fool
game-hours: 87.5
review: Lots of buttons to learn, other than that its a awesome game and has tons of replayability 8/10 for me!! worth it too..
game-hours: 275.8
review: Pure badassery exspecialy when playing waistland!
game-hours: 940.1
review: super jeu !
game-hours: 27.6
review: as of this point no. Too many bugs and crashes. Also everytime they seems to make a update to the game they just seem to add more bugs.
game-hours: 211.5
review: Very fun :D I like it more than arma 2 mostly because there is swimming underwater :3
game-hours: 78.3
review: the best war simulation game ever
game-hours: 22.0
review: One of the best game ever <3 !
game-hours: 61.6
review: Great game, worth the money
game-hours: 160.2
review: Everybody should buy it! You can do almost everything in this game and its really cool as an army simulator...
game-hours: 51.0
review: Best shooter game.
game-hours: 219.1
review: Arma has gone a long way. The game is great, but it could still use some more realism. Still too many glitches and the game still doesn't have that feel to it. I do love the game, but still could use some improvements from it. Can't wait to see some more realalistic action packed the game has to offer. Maybe Arma 4 if it happens will bring even more of that and get rid of the robot voices and the big majority of the glitching AI and glitches in general. More planes offered by many countries. The F/A-18, F/A-22, F/A-35, Eurofighter, you name it. Bring in more planes. The game has the vehicles and the tanks but not the planes.
game-hours: 146.6
review: you dont have the skill or the patience for this game - ing shame
game-hours: 149.9
review: 300 game crashes per second when trying to join every server.
game-hours: 292.9
review: One of the Best games I have ever played. The amount of simulation Aspects in it are incredible. And the Steam Workshop is like a never-ending DLC jackpot. 10/10
game-hours: 295.6
review: very good, only problem is the server lag on mp 5/5 (Editor, Solo etc..) 1.5/5 (Multiplayer) 5/5 if it had no lag
game-hours: 97.4
review: The editor is powerful and impressive. I made a scenario where we played as Blackwater and wasted a bunch of civillians while speeding through the streets. 10/10 would commit war crimes again
game-hours: 80.2
review: YES BEST GAME EVER MONTHS OF FUN
game-hours: 195.5
review: Arma 3 a good improvement more so than the previous ones, but the game still suffers from minor faults. Arma so far is on top of my favorites list.
game-hours: 653.0
review: Fun Mods
game-hours: 884.2
review: One of the best games i have played to date, AltisLife.co.uk with this game is perfect
game-hours: 93.2
review: If you have ever played any of the Arma series, this is by far the best one yet, has a decently good campaign, with a decent storyline, and multiplayer is pretty sweet, even though most multiplayer servers are custom missions, I have yet to find a server that runs stock Arma 3 multiplayer, but even the custom missions are pretty cool. Would definitely recommend this game to anyone, especially with Epoch coming out for it soon. So those of you that play DayZ: Epoch, don't waste time, get this, play it, enjoy it, then enjoy it even more when Arma 3: Epoch is released.
game-hours: 66.8
review: ARMA 3 is awsome !!! lags a bit. the best part is playing Altis life :D
game-hours: 6.2
review: .     .    -      (      ).     .      .  -    (    ,   -  ).
game-hours: 102.8
review: the greatest vehicle simulator
game-hours: 1594.8
review: The infantry combat is much improved from Arma 2, as is the new lighting engine.
game-hours: 35.9
review: Its a good game just needs bette optimzation and some key bugs need to be fixed.
game-hours: 173.7
review: Great game i would Buy it.
game-hours: 7.2
review: I like shooter games, and I always saw my brother playing them and they looked very fun. when I was old enough, i got call of duty and had a blast. i kind of expected that kind of fun from this game, but i was dissapointed. even on beginner difficulty the soldiers take 30 minutes to kill, and you take 2 shots to the foot and you are dead whereas you can shoot them in the chest five times and they ill crouch and order their whole squad to fire on you with their unrealistically impeckable accuracy. if you like pulling out your hair and the feeling of overwhelming rage, this is the game for you. if not, you are wasting your money.
game-hours: 56.2
review: While Arma 3 is a good game, it is still has issues. Myself as well as a lot of other players have experienced multiple problems while playing, one such problem would be when we are launching the game, a message pops up saying "Handle is Invalid". Don't risk your $60 - $65 on a game that still has issues. Dissapointing... EDIT: There have been a few things that I wish to add to this review. I think it was a poor decision on BIS part to add DLC's that cost money with little content. The Zeus free DLC/update hasn't done anything to the game multiplayer wise, the karts DLC looks a bit fun, but still needs more stuff, the helicopter DLC only adds 2 choppers and a few new gameplay mechanics that should have been in a free update, which costs $15. Also, like I have stated before, my game often crashes on even at the lowest possible settings. I'm overall dissapointed in this game and its just a HUGE waste of money that could be put to games that are ACTUALLY enjoyable and not riddled with bugs and costly DLC's.
game-hours: 206.9
review: This Game has its moments and it deserves credit for being a great Arma game the engine pretty much aint realistic like Arma 2 but this game is pretty fun to play with.
game-hours: 48.3
review: YESYESYES - I NEED THIS! Tried it for the free part and it was AWESOME! Tons of things to do and the showcases were cool, just watch out because it's very CPU intensive and is more single-threaded. Sorry AMD FX Cpus
game-hours: 4.4
review: I'm liking the storyline so far. First multiplayer i joined i was naked and had no weapons, no idea where i was or what to do, some guy yelling about a box shot me point blank with a sniper rifle. 10/10 oh and you run out of breath if you move forward for more than 4 seconds making aiming impossible, because that's fun.
game-hours: 27.4
review: !
game-hours: 1.5
review: Just no.
game-hours: 0.4
review: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
game-hours: 1.6
review: Everything is amazing except the game needs more gunzzzzzzzzzzzzz like in arma 2
game-hours: 12.4
review: this game wont let me play and just now when i tried playing it says i dont have it.... STEAM REALLY!!!!!!
game-hours: 3.2
review: hosnetly not that fun. The controls are very clunky and the interface is unintuitive.
game-hours: 111.6
review: Its fun but there is a problem with bad FPS unless you have a super computer
game-hours: 2.8
review: it has wierd controls but nice graphics
game-hours: 0.2
review: progress is very very slow so its kind of boring but still a pretty good game i guess
game-hours: 4.9
review: i buy all arma and i not got money to buy this arma ||| if you want steam you can send me the game for free please i love this game and i really want it From, Hellokitty Mean:Spring Mean:=Set=
game-hours: 0.4
review: Low fps (very bad optimization), bad graphics and boring gameplay. The game feels like if it was made in year 2000 by few bad programmers in their basement. Definitely not worth a penny.
game-hours: 1.1
review: Looks kinda cool game
game-hours: 134.1
review: Its amazing, you can add things to the game, better graphics, better driving and better hit shooting
game-hours: 178.3
review: So much to do. Just tons of fun to be had.
game-hours: 10.7
review: gun &car&my frined ilove arma 3
game-hours: 858.7
review: This is a great game that really simulates what it is like to be in a real war. It's single player is ok, but playing multiplayer in a group is what makes this game great.
game-hours: 291.3
review: Moo.<3
game-hours: 453.1
review: get a damn gtx 780 !!!
game-hours: 309.7
review: The negative reviews for this game, are COD fan boys, and people with no patience. This game is awesome. Sure, it's a total  on your PC, but still, it's the funnest game out there. I had bought Arma 2 just to play DayZ, I then found myself playing Arma 2 and Arma 2 OA more than I did DayZ. I then looked at Arma 3 on the store, smiled and tried to play it. Couldn't even play on Normal settings, so I immediately stuffed 500 dollars down my computer's throat and then tried again. The graphics are beautiful, and the game play is even greater. I remember one time I went on Stratis Life, a fan made game mode where you can be a drug dealer, police officer, or just the average hard worker. I met my BFF on there, and we put our money together to buy a chopper. We then started picking and selling drugs, running from the cops, and so much more! Do you want a giant battle with a 100+ people with tanks, helicopters and planes? This game is for you! Want to join a realism unit with other people, and get the real military feel?! THIS GAME IS FOR YOU!!!!!
game-hours: 1.2
review: Arma 3   ,   ,   !
game-hours: 571.8
review: Amazing, worth the money
game-hours: 188.3
review: Its Alpha...
game-hours: 2.8
review: It always glitches out and messes up.
game-hours: 57.0
review: ArmA 3 has definitely improved on ArmA 2. The gameplay, the engine, visuals, animations and gunplay are much better. However the resources required to pull this off are extremely high end and despite the ground work being layed. The game offers little single player experience and is still in developement. And to show much content they delivered themselves, they just added planes this weekend while being released since 12 sep 2013. Despite this a man like me could enjoy this game if it didn't carry all the inconsistency problems the other game did. PVP wise the lobbies are really outdated, no auto number ballance, no skill ballance and all pvp maps can be fully customised. This means the one day there is arty the next time there is not. Then you can't take towns because you need to take the camps first, while another map you need to take a flag. There are no hud indications for this to show newer players what to do. The problem with the game is if you do finally get some guys that know how to play the game they are often on 1 team. While the other team is disorganised, so all of a sudden you go from dying by stuff you can't see to slicing through the enemy team like butter. It will take another 2-3 years before players will get a hang on what to do. And by this time ArmA 4 will be released and the shabang restarts. For coop the game is a lot better. But this is also dependant on how many friends you got playing with you. And since 90% of my steam friends cant run the game and the other 10% got bored because of limited content the coop experience is completely dependant on random people. From which the better players are hard to find through sometimes 50 player rubble of guys that just lay down on a far hill taking popshots. All in all can I recommend this game to a random player? No unless you are into coop and like large operations and know some people to play with it becomes questionable. There are better games out there, though not as unique as ArmA 3. For PVP players I can only say, get out of here while you stil can ;)
game-hours: 19.2
review: AI is deadly accurate no matter what obstacle, trees, bushes, walls, it doesn't matter, every helicopter gunner as aim like a crack sniper and with one hit kills. Friendly AI is dumb as a sack of door-knobs controls are VERY complex, combine this with poor auto save implementation and this quickly becomes a no-win nightmare which will force you to reload an entire mission, most of which take an hour or more to complete. Unless you have 30 or so buddies to play multi with, I recommend you pass.
game-hours: 46.7
review: wait a while before buying. its still pretty much in alpha. so many bugs. bad game play. and hackers galore! good luck & have fun... lol
game-hours: 20.5
review: optimisation. Similar to ARMA II. Really poor on Bohemia's part, after having generated so much revenue from the Day-Z mod you would htink they could afford to spend some of the money working on proper optimisation for AMD builds. However this runs nearly as badly as the standalone. If you have an AMD 8 or 6 Core CPU DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. You will be hoping for 20 fps max. Thats what I get with 2 7770s in crossfire. In terms of the game itself it takes itself too seriously resulting in boring missions and overly difficult controls and playing style. It wouldn't be a bad thing for ultra realism but the game struggles with basic manouverability, moving your character feels clunky and jerky, not fluid as it should. The control layout is very strange and adopts a unique style, which personally I am not a fan of, however the control re-mapping system is solid. Visually the game looks great however it feels more like a ing slideshow with the FPS you recieve on AMD machines. Gameplay wise, you find yourself far to often with your nose touchign the screen squinting to see hostile NPCs that are supposed to be kilometres away from you that you are expeced to hit with a seemingly hugely innacurate red dot sight. Perhaps the game is so realistic that as a solidier you aren't given the correct equipmnet for the situation, but truthfully it just feels lazily done and not thought out. 6.5/10 Would not reccomend. Pick up Battlefield 3, you will enjoy it more and if you can put up with EAs  servers get battlefield 4 it is visually slightly better. (BF3 servers are still kinda )
game-hours: 13.2
review: Very boring game!!! The campaign suck!
game-hours: 153.5
review: This is one of the Best Games That i got and i got a Lot !!!
game-hours: 248.1
review: IM GETTING SOMETHING CALLED ERROR CODE 80 WHEN I TRY TO LAUNCH ARMA 3 I PAID A LOT OF MONEY FOR THIS GAME AND NOTHING.
game-hours: 5.7
review: Note: You can't run this game on a Potato. You're gonna want 40 fps to play comfortably I shouldn't have bought this game for another year.
game-hours: 313.6
review: Bath was a spa town
game-hours: 1091.2
review: an Aquired taste. I have this aquired taste.
game-hours: 42.9
review: 10/10 Would get stuck in a rock again! In all seriousness this game really puts it all on the table, realistic bullet drop, realistic combat and AI (you'll die a lot), expansive maps, team effort, and a fun time. Anyone looking for a replacement for combat sims, or shooters need not look further! Just watch out for rocks :)
game-hours: 59.1
review: Hey i was randomly global banned :( can anyone help???
game-hours: 397.8
review: Buy it, use it, fix it, mod it, upgrade it......oh yeah buy this :) 9.5/10
game-hours: 1179.4
review: 10/10 Game, would play again and again (what I do) - BWG Altis Life <3
game-hours: 70.2
review: great game but if u have a bad computer without good specs DO NOT GET i can almost smoothly run editor and play that on lowest setting
game-hours: 172.2
review: top fun game to play coop on
game-hours: 96.5
review: Reallistic FPS and third person! GUNS, PLANES, CARS , TANKS , JETS , HELICOPTERS this is war! in game mods! Role playing game! 9/10 NO Lag No Bug
game-hours: 12.7
review: I WISH I REALLY HAD THIS GAME
game-hours: 18.5
review: one of the best games i have played
game-hours: 11.6
review: It was` Free Week-end` when i fall in love with this game. But i can`t aford it !
game-hours: 407.0
review: Great simulator when you are playing with people who are serious, organized and actually simulate warfare - horrible piece of  when you verge off that track (Go karts? Wasteland? and other stupid game modes along with a bunch of dayZ hungry kids and immature 12 year olds). Mods enhance the game as which it did for Arma 2. Coop is very good for when I said "organized" but can sometimes just consist of idiots running around and lone wolf "sniping".
game-hours: 84.2
review: Great game, even better that daniel doesn't have it!
game-hours: 7.8
review: great game so far!
game-hours: 31.2
review: kaufs, jrg!
game-hours: 20.3
review: One of the best games ive ever played! :) <3
game-hours: 250.3
review: i personally love this game would be better if more modes became available but it is basically a great game overall well woth the money
game-hours: 474.8
review: amzing worth evrey pound payd
game-hours: 6.2
review: .     .    -      (      ).     .      .  -    (    ,   -  ).
game-hours: 102.8
review: the greatest vehicle simulator
game-hours: 327.0
review: awesome just awesme if you liked arma 2 you will love arma 3
game-hours: 21.4
review: Me and a friend were doing a massive co op mode and we decided to take a quad to the objective. Later on about 6 KM away from the objective the quad breaks so we start walking there. We gave up and said "Screw it" and shot eachother / grenaded and my friend was bleeding out so I gave him a medkit. Then we walked more and the objective changed to about 13 KM away and we gave up again so we shot eachother. Now we are both bleeding out on the ground and stranded in the middle of nowhere. Until suddenly a friendly Tank came moments later and patched us both up. Then we are inside the tank and I go afk for some juice. By the time I got back, the tank driver left without giving me nor my friend permission to drive it. So my friend brought up that while I was gone a helicopter was here and a guy offered to take us with him. My friend said "Ok, but lets wait for my friend to get back" (being me) So when I get back my friend gets in the chopper and said "Cmon lets get in" I was wondering where the pilot is so I got out to find him dead underneath the heli. So then me and my friend got out and walked to the nearest air base 2 KM away. halfway there I realised there was a respawn button so me and my friend used it and spawned at the air base to find dead allys everywhere. So we looted them but then the server restarted so we got on gmod. 10/10
game-hours: 247.7
review: Is a good game
game-hours: 35.4
review: its 2 freaking good!
game-hours: 490.2
review: 10/10
game-hours: 534.7
review: An absolute great military sim! The commmunity mods are wondeful and the game's editor/campaign is bugless and very enjoyable. Overall, this game's new mechanics and engine make it a must buy for an avid military gamer!
game-hours: 209.9
review: well what can i say, massive mp game, this is what u are looking for, alot of action,cars,tank,helis, all that u need
game-hours: 74.1
review: It's better than Bad Rats. You know you want it.
game-hours: 375.0
review: one of the best pc games i have played only down sides are the optimisation is pretty bad but apart from that awesome game
game-hours: 43.6
review: This game is a lot of fun to play with a friend. Especially Altis life, and wasteland. I had just spawned in on wasteland and there was this guy so i shot him and he apparently had a helicopter with him so i took it and flew off. while i was flying around in a blackhawk heli. A jet comes and starts swarming me and trying to kill me so i land the heli somewhere almost explode cuz of mah mad skillz. and got in a car and was sniped out from the back of the car and died from a guy named jake from 3000 meters off into the distance. and rage moded for an hour. cuz im pro. GET THIS GAME. IT IS A HECK OF A LOT OF FUN.
game-hours: 174.9
review: Dont buy this game in it's current state. Its worse than playing with a melted GI. Joe
game-hours: 9.0
review: best army sim ever love it ! sadly the zombie trend is out cuz dayz stand alone is so much better !
game-hours: 361.4
review: This game is the most realistic war simulator there is. It takes a bit of time to get used to it but then after a while the game gets a bit easier. It is a hard game but thats what makes it realistic.
game-hours: 250.3
review: i personally love this game would be better if more modes became available but it is basically a great game overall well woth the money
game-hours: 474.8
review: amzing worth evrey pound payd
game-hours: 269.0
review: This is a really good game, provides many hours of goodness. Favorite thing to do is wasteland with freinds.
game-hours: 76.5
review: GG Rly GG :)
game-hours: 23.5
review: buy buy buy, awesome game so in shiney :D
game-hours: 9.0
review: best army sim ever love it ! sadly the zombie trend is out cuz dayz stand alone is so much better !
game-hours: 773.5
review: This Game is not worth it, stay with arma 2,  arma 3
game-hours: 32.6
review: xUJNIA
game-hours: 21.2
review: I recommend playing Dayz first, as the community taught me all the tips and tricks about playing Arma or an Arma based mod. When I first picked up Arma 3, even after staring at the config screen, I was still confused and got stuck repeatedly. With Dayz it kinda progresses you from how to change from first person to third, shooting, then figuring out how far your target is away so you can compensate for it. Arma doesnt really teach you that right away, thats way I was lost. Also, the campaign in arma (what ive played of it) is pretty cool, aswell as the multiplayer, but its big hitter is definetly the mods. Battle Royal, Atlas Life, theyre all great and super fun, as well as the community. I definetly recommend you get this game as there are endless posibilities.
game-hours: 940.8
review: Great fun, some good mods
game-hours: 192.1
review: sicky blaad
game-hours: 269.0
review: This is a really good game, provides many hours of goodness. Favorite thing to do is wasteland with freinds.
game-hours: 76.5
review: GG Rly GG :)
game-hours: 23.5
review: buy buy buy, awesome game so in shiney :D
game-hours: 117.6
review: kult spel kolon p ex de
game-hours: 1135.8
review: This game is great but if your looking for a shooter its not its a military simulator. And its just bad @$$
game-hours: 299.8
review: This game is amazing, even though it has some rather big optimization issues. I can deffinitely recommend it for something like the Wasteland gamemode!
game-hours: 71.6
review: top
game-hours: 1227.0
review: This is a great military simulator. The community is a great one, and talented therefore giving you great mods to enhance the game.
game-hours: 128.5
review: Its pretty intense on the right moments. If you want intense firefights you should play domination.l But if you like to play strategic. You should also play that lol. Wasteland on the other hand. Is boring as . Lots of vehicles planes and helis. You can bomb  and there LOTS of weapons. 8.2/10 Best war simulator of the year -PC Gamer
game-hours: 5.1
review: This is a funny game but its small bugs in it :( But i recommend this game if you like war simulation games.
game-hours: 12.4
review: This is the best shooter simulator on Steam.
game-hours: 1603.9
review: Nice game!
game-hours: 495.2
review: Bona fide AWESOME!
game-hours: 77.7
review: this is the best milsim up to date
game-hours: 827.9
review: arma to others but it is not a game for everyone and even inside the game there will be aspects of the game you like such as [Military reinactments] and dislike such as [ Battleroyal call of duty deathmatch] so everyone will want to play the game differently, but remember its game where no one has to tell you how to play it. Overall 7/10 The game has problems in its polish but when you look past it you get a gaming experience like no other. NOTE: This review has alot of spelling mistakes and missing subjects as I came up with this in 30 mins, future reviews will be written on proper writting software and also days in advance. I hope this review has helped you! NOTE2: 743 CHARACTERS TOO LONG!!!??? sorry I couldnt provide enough info but steam has a character limit so in the immortal words of awsome people I say "Test review, please ignore".
game-hours: 141.7
review: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
game-hours: 194.3
review: This game is so awsoooomeee!!!!!!XD buy it now!!!
game-hours: 24.4
review: Its is a good and amazing sim and you should all have the chance to play it you will love it.
game-hours: 5.0
review: 3.5/10 If you are a passive and slow in playing game this is the right game for you. It is too slow and has SOO MANY GLITCHES YOU HAVE NO IDEA!! I will give it credit becase it is like skyrim, free roaming type but the controls are too much and in general, it sucks, i would recomend no getting thi sgame and not wasting your 60 bucks, keeps it for something better. Please, don't buy this game.
game-hours: 176.6
review: I love this game. There is so much you can do with it considering how flexible the simulation is. Bullet physics are realistic and it is really satisfying when you get that kill. I highly reccomend it if you have friends to play with or are looking for a large amount of teamwork, because this game is great for that. Now I just need someone to play with..
game-hours: 337.3
review: Buy.
game-hours: 1015.3
review: fun and has a good comunity backing it
game-hours: 62.5
review: It runs realllyyyy bad on my gtx 760 . i would not recommend this game untill they get rid of some of the bugs EDIT- Get Battle Royale !!!!!!!! its amazing
game-hours: 84.7
review: You will die from anything. Cars have no physics. They make no sense. Best sandbox game of 2013. 8/10
game-hours: 44.9
review: <3
game-hours: 0.9
review: it took forever to download and was a complete waste of seven hours of my life
game-hours: 14.6
review: Pro: The game is realistic Con: It is expensive and it may lag for players.
game-hours: 53.4
review: EN BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 887.5
review: DON NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS!!!!! You want to vanish into your computer for hours on end ignoring you wife, friends, and family....... The standalone game is amazing alone and then you have the MODS.... Altis Life is the most fun you can have in RP. You can be anything, cop, criminal, fisherman, dope dealer, anything! They keep making it better and better.
game-hours: 60.0
review: good game but it needs pationt and to play with your friends .. if you like arma 2 , you'll like this one
game-hours: 179.6
review: Oh yes. This game is everything right with Military Simulators. Realistism at it's best, (Minus some of the ARMA physics). Get it.
game-hours: 25.9
review: It's Arma....... Although Arma 2 is still better in my opinion. 10/10
game-hours: 489.2
review: A+++ 10 of 10 amazing game
game-hours: 407.7
review: Arma 3 is very relistic. Deff not a run and gun type of game. But best feature of all is Breaking point zombie mod. The mod works great
game-hours: 423.2
review: Its a great game for the player who likes realism, multiplayer, and sandbox games in one deal. by far the best military game i've played. 10/10
game-hours: 195.2
review: I have to say that this is probably my favorite game of all time. I'm able to spend countless hours in Arma III and still have a great time doing so. There are gamemodes that everyone will enjoy and support for modding is pretty good as well. I would rate this game a 9/10 for its awesome action packed gameplay. While on mission there is hardly ever a time when I'm not on edge being aware that the enemy may be anywhere. Whether you want to play Arma III as tatically as possible in a video game, you can. If you want to just play casually and shoot some bad guys cause it's fun.... Go right ahead you can do that too. I overall just love the game and play it mostly multiplayer because although the campaign is great multiplayer is where it's really at!
game-hours: 322.9
review: its such a great game! just omfg GET IT NOW GET IT NOW GETTTT IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 216.2
review: Yup.
game-hours: 195.3
review: A great game. addictiing sometimes as well
game-hours: 45.9
review: Great
game-hours: 49.9
review: The best military SIM Ever
game-hours: 0.1
review: stupid
game-hours: 487.3
review: This PC Game is a must have for All High/medium end PC owners! ThIs game is what i consider, next gen gaming!
game-hours: 818.5
review: An awesome game with a great community, worth the money and more.
game-hours: 611.3
review: I need a better GPU!!!!
game-hours: 78.6
review: Simple.I loved it gj.Putting money on this game.
game-hours: 190.9
review: One day while Andy was masturbating, Woody got wood. He could no longer help himself! He watched as Andy stroked his juicy kawaii . He approached Andy which startled him and make him pee everywhere on the floor and on Woody too. Being drenched in his urine made him harder than ever! Woody: "Andy Senpai! I'm alive and I want to be INSIDE OF YOU." Andy: "Oh Woody Chan! I always knew you were alive! I want to stuff you up my kawaii !" Woody grabbed a bunch of flavored lube and rubbed it all over his head Woody: "Oh my! It's cherry flavored lube! Cherry is my favorite! Woody then stuffed his head up into Andy's tight ! The other toys around the room watched intently as Woody shoved his head back and forth into Andy's nice , continuously making a squishy wet noise. The other toys also became aroused and they all gathered around Woody and Andy and started to urinate all over them, and then they started to masturbate. Andy: "Oh my goodness, Woody Chan! You are churning my insides up so well! Your nose is stimulating my prostate! OH YES! All the other toys became so aroused by this, that they could not help themselves anymore! They pushed Woody completely inside, and they all went inside. All of them wanted to be inside Andy's nice round . Andy: "No wait guys! My  cannot hold this much! I'm getting so full! All the toys went inside of poor squirming Andy and pretty much, he was beyond full, and died from having his insides completely damaged. The mother came inside and found Andy, dead with a huge  hemorrhage on his , with a HUGE belly full of
game-hours: 115.8
review: good.
game-hours: 224.8
review: FANTASTIC RPG GAME WITH GREAT GRAPHIC'S
game-hours: 377.1
review: The perfect war sandbox! Anything from small squad assaults to full war! Arma3 is one of the few modern games that provides good support for modifications. Also the regular updates to the game are really nice. If you want a little slower paced game than CoD, with more thinking. This is a good game for you.
game-hours: 44.2
review: dis gaem reel bad optimizine but its k cuz i get los of fps so its sweglyf
game-hours: 25.8
review: This is the most realistic war game in existence at the moment. DO NOT buy this game if you enjoy Call of Duty or other similar shooting galleries. This game is hardcore with its precise controls, realistic damage model, and complicated battles. The singleplayer campaign is something to be marveled. It blends realistic war with an intriguing story. This game is for those who want more from the everyday shooter. You must be dedicated if you want to play this game. I will easily reccomend this game but only if you know what you are getting into.
game-hours: 23.3
review: meh
game-hours: 161.8
review: :D
game-hours: 159.5
review: ARMA 3 is a great game that you should buy if u like; Dayz, rust, Any of the ARMA franchise and other FPS!Wasteland is also great survival addition to this game
game-hours: 448.0
review: good game i like
game-hours: 4.8
review: This game smells.
game-hours: 2.0
review: Amazing,and so beautiful.
game-hours: 253.9
review: Even though I only get 15 FPS in a city/town and 30 FPS in the countryside on this game, I still think it is one of the best games I have played. It still has some work to be done to it but thats just what the series is like, a bit glitchy. Some of the good points are 290km map with no limits, its a sandbox so you can do whatever the hell you want and a quite good campaign (well, thats what I think). Some of the bad points are that it is quite boring for some people. It can run pretty well on PC's without having a very good Graphics card. (I have a AMD Radeon 7730m 2GB graphics card and a i7 Core in a laptop and i can run the game!) This is one of my favorite games from one of my favorite series and I am glad I brought it. 9/10 If you like sort-of realistic first person shooters, then I would recomend you get this game.
game-hours: 0.6
review: GG
game-hours: 536.1
review: Good game.
game-hours: 440.3
review: so i downloaded the dlc bundle for arma 3 and i try enabling it and i restart it and then i get back on and its not there ive tried verifying cache
game-hours: 0.3
review: If I wanted to play a game where I can spend 30 minutes and never see an enemy I would play a hunting sim.
game-hours: 49.7
review: It's overall not a bad game but for the price I wouldn't recommend it. Pros: * Beautifully detailed world spaces teeming with wildlife * Extremely large maps make for fun and challenging combat as well as virtual site seeing * A nice assortment of weapons and equipment to choose from Cons: * Poor help system and no tutorial for new players - One was later added but it was not super useful * Overly complicated and over numbered controls with a large portion of the keyboard being used as well as the mouse * Poor sound effects; especially for guns * For as detailed as the world and NPCs are, the guns seem to overall be lacking in both function and appearance * Although certainly more realistic than most FPS games, the fatigue system is a little troublesome considering how large the world is and how far you often need to travel from objective to objective without a vehicle. Even walking with an average amount of gear can almost completely stop your progress fairly fast forcing you to stop and rest Overall score from 0 to 10, 10 being the best: 5-6
game-hours: 0.1
review: over priced
game-hours: 0.9
review: Eat my  you veimaeis isaifais fiasidiasdi ais di cunthole
game-hours: 21.2
review: I recommend playing Dayz first, as the community taught me all the tips and tricks about playing Arma or an Arma based mod. When I first picked up Arma 3, even after staring at the config screen, I was still confused and got stuck repeatedly. With Dayz it kinda progresses you from how to change from first person to third, shooting, then figuring out how far your target is away so you can compensate for it. Arma doesnt really teach you that right away, thats way I was lost. Also, the campaign in arma (what ive played of it) is pretty cool, aswell as the multiplayer, but its big hitter is definetly the mods. Battle Royal, Atlas Life, theyre all great and super fun, as well as the community. I definetly recommend you get this game as there are endless posibilities.
game-hours: 940.8
review: Great fun, some good mods
game-hours: 192.1
review: sicky blaad
game-hours: 7.8
review: great game so far!
game-hours: 31.2
review: kaufs, jrg!
game-hours: 20.3
review: One of the best games ive ever played! :) <3
game-hours: 0.6
review: lol good game
game-hours: 6.8
review: I have PTSD
game-hours: 298.4
review: what is this  after update all kinds of errors game james ,did you fix sniper mag going from 8 aclip to 1 a clip i guess not you broke the game id say wait 1 but i yell you now you twits
game-hours: 84.6
review: Would be better if i could actually play the game for more than 20 minutes.... but no.
game-hours: 524.5
review: There isn't mutch to say other than THIS GAME IS AWESOME
game-hours: 61.4
review: War is hell
game-hours: 139.1
review: Top demais.
game-hours: 129.8
review: A black guy shoots you in altis life and then gets beheaded by a chopper 10/10
game-hours: 773.5
review: This Game is not worth it, stay with arma 2,  arma 3
game-hours: 32.6
review: xUJNIA
game-hours: 1.7
review: How do I switch weapons
game-hours: 65.3
review: the best
game-hours: 132.8
review: A Little Buggy
game-hours: 254.6
review: :)
game-hours: 8.9
review: GG WP
game-hours: 41.0
review: its bloody crap fam
game-hours: 7.9
review: Absolutltely NO , big No, do not buy this game. This game is super worked, is for geeks that like details to te point that is no fun. To many keys, to hard to figure stuff and when you figure it you need to many keys to make it happen. I buy it, if i could have the chance again to not bui it i would not buy this game. Grafics = awsome, hard worked, like i said a game for perfectionists, but a common folk will HAVE NO FUN. NOT RECOMENDED
game-hours: 15.8
review: It is a great game well the editor is anyway but the fact they didnt have missions from day one was annoying but still its great to see the missions now! but overall i think this is a great and fun game!! :)
game-hours: 150.7
review: Arma... that is a soldier and one life, lots of helicopters, tanks and other things
game-hours: 83.2
review: I LOVE THIS GAME!
game-hours: 7.7
review: DON'T READ THIS. YOU WILL BE KISSED ON THE NEAREST POSSIBLE FRIDAY BY THE LOVE OF YOUR LIFE.TOMORROW WILL BE THE BEST DAY OF YOUR LIFE. NOW YOU'VE STARTED READING THIS. DON'T STOP. THIS IS SO FREAKY.1. say your name ten times.2. say your mom's name five times.3. say your crushes three times.4. paste this to four other games.If you do this, your crush will kiss you on the nearest Friday.But if you read this and do not paste this, then you will have very bad luck.SEND THIS TO 4 GAMES IN 143 MINUTES. WHEN YOU'RE DONE PRESS F6 AND YOUR CRUSH'S NAME WILL APPEAR IN BIG LETTERS ON THE SCREEN. THIS IS SO FREAKY BECAUSE IT ACTUALLY WORKS LOL
game-hours: 0.5
review: Why is it Night Time?
game-hours: 197.2
review: Absolute fantastic game. Very good simulation and good physics. Big open maps for dramatic scenery.
game-hours: 124.6
review: This game is AWESOME if you like simulation. This is a tactical army simulator. It has really fun multiplay and a editor where you can create missions, and co-op missions. You can also post your map creation on steam. It does not have many mods on the workshop but I dont think it need alot of mods for a cool game like this. I totally recommend this for anyone that like shooting games. But of course I got my copy on sale for $38.99, or around there but thats the Digital one, I think its called something like that. I like this game so much I'm thinking about doing a series on this game. Thank you for anyone for taking the time to read this. :)
game-hours: 3.2
review: Can't play multiplayer. Many people has the same problem. I just bought this and it doesn't work.. Just freezes when you try to look for servers.. Money WELL SPENT !
game-hours: 92.4
review: BEST GAME IN THE WORLD and i dont own it :[
game-hours: 291.8
review: with all my due respects. but go frag yourselves. srsly? 50% on arma and literally NOTHING for those, who already bought the game? also: your interface still sucks (like in ALL arma's i have played). downrated. for a reason.
game-hours: 251.6
review: Glitchy, unfinished, overhyped, overpriced game finishing DLC, carried on the back of DayZ and semi popular Arma 2 mods, constantly broken controls, horribly unoptimized, and the most unrealisitic realistic shooter out there. Garbage at it's best.
game-hours: 136.2
review: If you liked Arma 2, you will love this even more.
game-hours: 1400.7
review: do you remember operation flashpoint ? if you do , you will buy arma 3 !:
game-hours: 18.2
review: I was somehow allowed to review this game, despite not owning it. 10/10
game-hours: 270.6
review: Great game, hate that the dlc comes up in my game, I would buy for the right price, purchased carts, maybe if helicopers was priced around $5.00 that would be exceptable, Since at this time I dont have it, I would like to see the DLC ads in my game gone, Mods and DLC are great dont get me wrong, just no need for it in game.
game-hours: 157.2
review: I RECOMMEND THIS GAME!! IT IS ALREADY IN BETA!! :D
game-hours: 28.4
review: This game... OMG THIS GAME
game-hours: 261.1
review: If your stuck with CSC and Battle Field then your missing out on great millitary games go right across you deadly cross hairs because Arma is a more realistic simulater of battle so if you here a single pop or crackle you may experince the real army feeling of fear. Arma 3 contans great single player and multiplayer action with multible modes to choose from my personal favoret Altis Life which is and rpg mode. Arma 3 also has realistic shooting (as in not so easy to hit someone) with out being careful. I suggest Arma 3 to any 1.
game-hours: 285.2
review: Yes in very good fun
game-hours: 580.7
review: Sweet game, only requires an awesome computer to run it.
game-hours: 195.2
review: Great game alot of fun alot of chaos!
game-hours: 407.0
review: Great simulator when you are playing with people who are serious, organized and actually simulate warfare - horrible piece of  when you verge off that track (Go karts? Wasteland? and other stupid game modes along with a bunch of dayZ hungry kids and immature 12 year olds). Mods enhance the game as which it did for Arma 2. Coop is very good for when I said "organized" but can sometimes just consist of idiots running around and lone wolf "sniping".
game-hours: 83.3
review: Took a while to get used to but then really got fun, many different game modes and lots of experiences to be had!
game-hours: 522.8
review: THIS GAME IS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO EIPC MAKE MORE UPDATE BEST GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 113.7
review: good game nice pvp
game-hours: 57.0
review: Great game for good gamers
game-hours: 328.3
review: I love all the realisticness of everything!
game-hours: 7.4
review: Outstanding game, with open environment and wide option of completing the mission.
game-hours: 44.8
review: Best warfare simulator out there. Not only teamwork is a requirement but the knowledge in all vehicles as well as zones, weapons, pace & victorious beastings on all levels of your senses. This is NOT like COD This is NOT like Battlefield This is a real time warefare simulator. (You need a pretty sharp machine to run this game at a respectable rate so be aware) 9/10
game-hours: 72.9
review: This is the perfect game for people who have always taken themselves to seriously when playing shooters, and casuals alike. It's hard to pick up but once you get the hang of the shootsing mechanic and slight lag issues, kills become very satisfying,
game-hours: 80.7
review: Buy this game or die trying!
game-hours: 2.3
review: i died too easily
game-hours: 172.2
review: Unable to play with my friends in co-op. We could play on public servers together though (by joining them manually) but we couldn't play on servers created by one of us. We tried several tricks with firewalls and opening ports, connecting directly to server IP - doesn't work. Maybe we actually could fix this on our own but we're not with freaking NASA. Bohemia probably thinks they're very special 'cause I can't imagine why in 2014 i should freak myself out to find a way to play with my friends. I mean, it's not even dark souls. Game is great by the way, but it's a special one. It's not BF for sure .
game-hours: 764.6
review: Best out of breath simulator ever!!!!
game-hours: 914.7
review: Possibly the best fps game on the market
game-hours: 200.1
review: quite good once played yopu get the hang of it but if you like war and have a great pc get it
game-hours: 0.5
review: the game was great and I really recommend others getting. I know I will be getting it
game-hours: 30.2
review: Is a super coll game i played this for the weekend and what can i say i will probably buy this game very very soon :)
game-hours: 3.8
review: One of the best games i have played. 10/10! It has great graphics, gameplay and an all variaty of guns, vehicles and has a ton of servers.
game-hours: 27.1
review: it is most best fun fur whole family. I love da bugs da loot and Dag00t
game-hours: 1.7
review: this is great for free arma 3 weekend
game-hours: 16.3
review: The game is very, very good. The graphics and the fact you can't just rush into battle makes this seem like a great game.. However, wait for a really good sale. ArmA 3 is poorly optimized, and you will get LOADS of lag on-line. Multiplayer (Domination, at least, Co-Op missions with 2-4 players are fine.) is a mess. Most of the time you'll be confused and one-shot by aim-bot A.I. Also, 10 for helicopters. GG. Overall: Graphics: 10/10 Optimization 6/10 Gameplay: 11/10 A.I: 5/10 Multiplayer: FOR THE LOVE OF GOD WHAT IS THIS LAG/10 Community: 8/10 Overall : 9.5/10 Also dem business practices. Edit: DayZ and Altis Life basically ruined the community, you'll now see 90% of the people crashing the helicopter on the base or just shooting everything in sight. GG, DayZ, GG.
game-hours: 1.3
review: I can see how much fun this game can be, but when I'm 1m from the objective and can't get closer to interact with it, and can't continue the mission until I interact with it... and it's only getting in the vehicle, well sorry I'm not gonna' spend 30$ in today's market on such a game - I don't care how good people say it is. I like the graphics, didn't mind the long install time, love the mechanics - crawl, compass, etc. I guess I'm pickier than most however, and wary of spending money on a game that starts out rather slow and buggy. I know we all wonder why someone can't get it right whith so many trying. This game feels closer than most others to achieving that rightness.
game-hours: 113.7
review: Very fun, a big improvement in the Arma series. That fatigue system though :P
game-hours: 197.9
review: OHH YEAH
game-hours: 12.7
review: I have only played it for the weekend, but man do i love it. Despite the minor few glitches its great, and man did it make you have to pay attention to your surroundings.
game-hours: 9.3
review: Very good game
game-hours: 35.5
review: If you love REALISM this is the game for you. If you are a BF or COD fanboy, you probably wont like it. Unless you are like me, one who was scratching his head at the absolute sheet FPS on the market atm screaming into the wind..."is anything real anymore!!"....I hate them so much and by themyou all know which big 2 im talking about. All absolute crap, garbage. I cant believe i paid hard earned bucks and continued in the hopes something finally would come out that would be decent. Burned!! Then...like the kool aid man..."oh yeah!!" Arma 3 came crashing through the wall, tipping me over in my chair socks blown off. My monitor flashed free Arma 3 weekend. Ok...sure..i have nothing to lose. I have heard of Arma franchise..even watched some youtube vids on them all. At the time, nothing really leaped out and said you had to play me. But hey, its a free weekend so why not. Now, im just down right depressed. This game is so amazing. I finally found my gem. A game thats just so intense. The atmosphere, graphics...aww god i could go on and on. Why am I depressed...you ask, well, all the money I have spent on the other "two" I couldve put here. Where it belongs. Trust me in saying i have lots of titles of the other "two" and now Im having to scrounge for loot so i can buy this. I paid for sh*t when sweetness was staring me in the face. Awesome game Lots and lots of different servers with different mods. Every game is unique and different So, stop reading this and go buy it PS. If you dont adjust your play style from the other "two" fast, you will get owned and die a lot. This community does not  around, you will have to deal with many personalitys and the majority of them keepin it real and hardcore. Headsets greatly improve your chances of survival.
game-hours: 203.9
review: Awesome mil-sim.
game-hours: 122.4
review: this game is very fun and continues to supprise me every second. i highly recomend it to even to short minded people
game-hours: 258.8
review: Its a must buy. Love the graphics. Love all the mods. I enjoy modding in this game, Best game I like thats mod friendly. You must buy this game, You are missing out on all those cool multiplayer gamemodes like ARMA 3 life, Wasteland, Altis Life, King Of The Hill, Breaking Point and Epoch Mod. Buy Now!
game-hours: 14.6
review: This game is awesome and you must get it, Nuff said!
game-hours: 55.8
review: Gets run over by ATV moving at 60 Mph, only breaks legs. 10/10
game-hours: 326.4
review: Great
game-hours: 69.1
review: The best army game there is!
game-hours: 149.8
review: aessome war sim but i wouldnt play if you have a low end pc (like me) cause its disconnects you from servers sometimes after saying no message recieved but i would defo reccomend it.
game-hours: 53.7
review: meh, its ok, not what i expected but still good
game-hours: 32.6
review: This is an absolust beast of an game. Recommend it to everyone! Stunning graphics and many hours of brutal gaming. 10/10
game-hours: 5.7
review: I haven't gotten a lot of play time in, but the time I have had was a lot of fun. Great game over all from what I've played. Huge amount of player generated content. However, horrible controller support. If the controller support were to get overhauled, this would be the perfect shooter.
game-hours: 19.3
review: GAME IS GOOD. REMOVE KEBAB FROM DESK INSTEAD OF LUG LARGE WEIGHT OF PACK ACROSS BATTLEFIELD. REMINDS ME OF CHECHEN CONFLICT OF 1999. OVERALL GOOD GAME 10/10 IVAN APPROVE!
game-hours: 46.4
review: ultamate badasery if you know your millitary tactics and love simulation at the most harcore it can get on a expansive open world island this is the game for you
game-hours: 164.8
review: Do you want to feel like you're about to die, when you're actually not? Do you want to feel the fear of almost being shot when you escape by just one hair? Well Arma 3 is the game for you, one of the most intense and nailbighting games ever. When you come so close to living the dream in altis life and you die can be annoying, but when you escape near death can be just as amazing as killing someone and picking up their loots! Arma 3 is one, if not the greatest millitary sims ever! -PS you need a good pc. :P
game-hours: 48.3
review: YESYESYES - I NEED THIS! Tried it for the free part and it was AWESOME! Tons of things to do and the showcases were cool, just watch out because it's very CPU intensive and is more single-threaded. Sorry AMD FX Cpus
game-hours: 4.4
review: I'm liking the storyline so far. First multiplayer i joined i was naked and had no weapons, no idea where i was or what to do, some guy yelling about a box shot me point blank with a sniper rifle. 10/10 oh and you run out of breath if you move forward for more than 4 seconds making aiming impossible, because that's fun.
game-hours: 16.3
review: Get it. Nuf said
game-hours: 7.3
review: awsome ame
game-hours: 817.7
review: Bugs.
game-hours: 51.8
review: you
game-hours: 9.4
review: why can i write a review don't even have the game lol
game-hours: 454.6
review: For just $15.99, you can now get the Helicopters DLC, which includes, for that one low price, just two helicopters ! ! In addition to this awesome deal, you get to shoot from vehicles, which should have been in the game in the first place ! Order now and we'll double your offer. **Just pay separately for core game mechanics.
game-hours: 492.7
review: good game
game-hours: 35.4
review: my friend got downed and i carried him only to get shot in left nut 10/10
game-hours: 36.9
review: Very Smexy :)
game-hours: 655.1
review: Awesome game from and awesome company. This game has given me hours of fun and with the DLC and free platform updates its juts keeps getting better and better. Highly recommend but you would need a good PC to run.
game-hours: 532.9
review: vhvhjjhbjhikl
game-hours: 10.6
review: Yes
game-hours: 246.1
review: recommendgame
game-hours: 70.2
review: Beatifull game had a lot of fun banging people.
game-hours: 17.6
review: Great game, truely is. Just if your expecting instant fun, like like you see on YT, just watch the videos, its more fun XD
game-hours: 246.5
review: Best Game Played Till Now....
game-hours: 426.6
review: bought the game - have been terribly unhappy with the slow rate of updates, the unoptimized graphics engine, and general lack of content. An open world with very little in it - not very much fun at all.
game-hours: 309.3
review: The best game of the 2010s, I have to admit, it is even better than Skyrim. The level of simulation and reality in this game, coupled with the combination of fun and play is amazing. I never thought that a simulation could be this realistic and fun at the same time! Must buy, 17/10, ABSOLUTLEY AMAZING!!! You are an idiot if you don't buy this!
game-hours: 144.1
review: Amazing Game. So much to do and hours of fun. It is worth paying full price 10/10
game-hours: 499.1
review: Do not purchase.
game-hours: 8.6
review: This game sucks... straight up....worst $60 game I have ever bought in my life... its boring...and the controls are stupid as ****
game-hours: 14.6
review: Pro: The game is realistic Con: It is expensive and it may lag for players.
game-hours: 53.4
review: EN BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 887.5
review: DON NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS!!!!! You want to vanish into your computer for hours on end ignoring you wife, friends, and family....... The standalone game is amazing alone and then you have the MODS.... Altis Life is the most fun you can have in RP. You can be anything, cop, criminal, fisherman, dope dealer, anything! They keep making it better and better.
game-hours: 60.0
review: good game but it needs pationt and to play with your friends .. if you like arma 2 , you'll like this one
game-hours: 179.6
review: Oh yes. This game is everything right with Military Simulators. Realistism at it's best, (Minus some of the ARMA physics). Get it.
game-hours: 25.9
review: It's Arma....... Although Arma 2 is still better in my opinion. 10/10
game-hours: 489.2
review: A+++ 10 of 10 amazing game
game-hours: 407.7
review: Arma 3 is very relistic. Deff not a run and gun type of game. But best feature of all is Breaking point zombie mod. The mod works great
game-hours: 423.2
review: Its a great game for the player who likes realism, multiplayer, and sandbox games in one deal. by far the best military game i've played. 10/10
game-hours: 195.2
review: I have to say that this is probably my favorite game of all time. I'm able to spend countless hours in Arma III and still have a great time doing so. There are gamemodes that everyone will enjoy and support for modding is pretty good as well. I would rate this game a 9/10 for its awesome action packed gameplay. While on mission there is hardly ever a time when I'm not on edge being aware that the enemy may be anywhere. Whether you want to play Arma III as tatically as possible in a video game, you can. If you want to just play casually and shoot some bad guys cause it's fun.... Go right ahead you can do that too. I overall just love the game and play it mostly multiplayer because although the campaign is great multiplayer is where it's really at!
game-hours: 35.9
review: Its a good game just needs bette optimzation and some key bugs need to be fixed.
game-hours: 173.7
review: Great game i would Buy it.
game-hours: 7.2
review: I like shooter games, and I always saw my brother playing them and they looked very fun. when I was old enough, i got call of duty and had a blast. i kind of expected that kind of fun from this game, but i was dissapointed. even on beginner difficulty the soldiers take 30 minutes to kill, and you take 2 shots to the foot and you are dead whereas you can shoot them in the chest five times and they ill crouch and order their whole squad to fire on you with their unrealistically impeckable accuracy. if you like pulling out your hair and the feeling of overwhelming rage, this is the game for you. if not, you are wasting your money.
game-hours: 1.7
review: ME WANT BAD
game-hours: 127.2
review: Kick  game, worth the buy; been a fan since Arma 2. Realism to its fullest and requires skill. You should not find too many young call of duty players playing this.
game-hours: 10.2
review: worst controls ever, and i cant even change them. I just died because i couldnt get the water i bought! Every other game out there is pretty straight forward with the controls, i think i literally hit every key on the keyboard, couildnt get the water/food in my backpack and died.... this game was never finished, and its probably something really silly.... thx arma for the crappy computergame. dumbest controls in the world bar none. i cant even figure out how to stop my head from looking around vs my body!!!
game-hours: 123.4
review: Amazingly fun, I love altis life and wasteland.
game-hours: 84.1
review: very good game
game-hours: 502.5
review: good game,
game-hours: 300.8
review: Simply awesome. Slow, but awesome. 10/10
game-hours: 680.7
review: this game man 5/10 Just a greedy company that do not care about feedback suck ur life,  communities everywhere,  FPS drop in multiplayer, 80% of the server is western site, useless DLC with unreasonable price, 12year-old kid everywhere in America server, Good mod that ask for money to play with it, Epoch, Life. Altis Life server that force u to donate to get more guns and . Its not even called donate, its should be called BUY/Pay
game-hours: 347.5
review: great game for multi-player servers and story, but mostly multiplayer. Arma 3 life is AWESOME!!!
game-hours: 60.8
review: Nonfunctional game , 6fps multiplayer , no AI , no campaign.
game-hours: 221.9
review: Not only did i play single player modes and scenarios for countless hours, while only getting more excited about this game literly plays how you want it. If you want it to be the single handed most realistic military sim it will be that for you. If you wanna get creative and have a hellish zombie horde goin down it will achieve your satisfaction... AND THEN you finaly play online and meet some cool dudeS who wanna role play this mil sim, and you play your first scenario lets say a sniper recon mission for 5 hours callin out cordinates and speaking mil chatter through your mic you will find out that playing games for hundreds of hours does in fact not get old but yet more tastful.
game-hours: 38.9
review: This is a great game you can not go wrong.
game-hours: 754.1
review: DON'T READ THIS. YOU WILL BE KISSED ON THE NEAREST POSSIBLE FRIDAY BY THE LOVE OF YOUR LIFE.TOMORROW WILL BE THE BEST DAY OF YOUR LIFE. NOW YOU'VE STARTED READING THIS. DON'T STOP. THIS IS SO FREAKY.1. say your name ten times.2. say your mom's name five times.3. say your crushes three times.4. paste this to four other games.If you do this, your crush will kiss you on the nearest Friday.But if you read this and do not paste this, then you will have very bad luck.SEND THIS TO 4 GAMES IN 143 MINUTES. WHEN YOU'RE DONE PRESS F6 AND YOUR CRUSH'S NAME WILL APPEAR IN BIG LETTERS ON THE SCREEN. THIS IS SO FREAKY BECAUSE IT ACTUALLY WORKS
game-hours: 179.6
review: good
game-hours: 0.7
review: it sucks
game-hours: 67.4
review: Terrible game unless you plan on playing it on single player only, MAJOR fps lag on multiplayer you will get 3 fps for ever even lowering all settings to low or disabled.
game-hours: 6.2
review: It doesn't work. You have enormous lag on PC's with quad-PC's. The engine uses only 1 core -_- So if you somehow still use a dual-core PC you can play this game. If you have a really new quad-core processor you can play this game too. That aside, the game feels like it's unfinished and just a money grab. They didn't invest in a new engine that actually works, you have no story and it totally depends on mods which still doesn't make it any good. You are thrown on an island with a pistol and there are some vehicles on the island. That's pretty much ArmA 3 in a nutshell.
game-hours: 112.6
review: Very good and enjoyable game, however has very bad optimization causing very bad framerates even for many good rigs.
game-hours: 64.6
review: almost as good as cod
game-hours: 1593.3
review: Mah hours dawg, need I say more...
game-hours: 72.3
review: Yo G its just like cod but with vehicles so... best evaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah. but on a serious note it takes a pretty decent pc to run and its really fun if you play with friends
game-hours: 78.8
review: You can run around naked in a fur hat and shoot things, what's not to like?
game-hours: 498.5
review: Good game. Wouldn't say great, but there is a lot going on for it. Still glitches in the game this far along and all the developers see is $$$ for expansions. Like really? Kartz?
game-hours: 13.7
review: Keep Calm AND SMOKE WEED EVERYDAY :P :P
game-hours: 303.9
review: I thing i am MLG 10/10 Would MLG again
game-hours: 1030.5
review: Great game! It is worth the price. There is so many different mods, servers, and gametypes that you will easily spend 500 hours in it having fun. You get your moneys worth. Trust me!
game-hours: 68.3
review: Good game
game-hours: 203.0
review: Battle eye for arma is not good a hacker join the game and got all the player and me banned for life on DJG the server had to shut down to the lake of admins and moderators its a waste of money getting banned for no reason
game-hours: 565.3
review: Awsome game full of action and fun.
game-hours: 27.9
review: Just real enough. Be sure to have a nice Graphics card if you want to play 1080 with high details.
game-hours: 75.9
review: Arma 3 is a brutally hard military sim, its not your regular First person shooter. This is the platform the military uses to train soldiers because the guns and cover systems are so realistic. the AI is unforgiving, and if you take even one bullet you are in a world of trouble, you get wet or in the cold without the right clothing your going to freeze to death, take too much of a fall your going to break your legs. You also are not a 1 man army toting around an armarda of weapons, you take a side arm and a main weapon with a small ammount of ammo, if you have a pack maybe you can fit a spare smaller gun, and a few more rounds. But the main story is not why most people buy this game, Arma is a modders wet dream, there is a TON of modded game modes, the 3 majors ones being; Arma 3 Epoch Altis life Arma 3 sandbox. there are also a good many more in development. the game is a little pricey, but it does go on sale fairly regularly, but if you have a few friends and find a mod you like you have a game that will keep you entertained for a long long time.
game-hours: 212.0
review: amazingly real
game-hours: 1953.0
review: One hell of a good time!
game-hours: 83.5
review: AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 7.0
review: Nice game
game-hours: 1.4
review: this game is fun
game-hours: 0.8
review: Yes if i could PLAY IT >.<
game-hours: 591.9
review: TOO LONG BROTHERS, HAVE WE SUFFERED MEDIOCRITY- and have come to lower our standards.. TOO MUCH HAVE WE BECOME COMPLACENT- and we have seen AAA games ignore what might have been.. SEEN THEM BECOME RECOATED YEAR AFTER YEAR, taking a franchise and driving it too the ground. WELL NO MORE, Here we have ArmA3, a game that stands against the tide and wants to do more, be more, give more. Here is a game where you cannot simply walk into mordor or compare it to any other notable shooter. Mission editors, powerful moddable platform, amazing graphics, as close to realism you can get with regards to weapon and vehicle dynamics, incredible maps and attention to detail. To name but a few elements that make ARMA3 great. My absolute highest praise for ArmA 3, for being what they set out to be, and not seeying the players as ATM's. TLDR: You are whats wrong with the world.
game-hours: 37.4
review: LOVE IT
game-hours: 49.6
review: If you like this game than get it
game-hours: 3.9
review: Very interesting, very tactical, very hard. you're held to the same standard as the enemies. (hard to aim - shaky) (low health - realistic, who'd survive a shot to the face?)
game-hours: 339.3
review: Better than Battlefield.
game-hours: 143.4
review: This is an excellent military simulation game that the military bases their own simulator off of. This game is hands down the best FPS I have played.
game-hours: 6.0
review: its the
game-hours: 19.6
review: It calls itself a realistic simulator game and it is. -Great Graphics -Good Campaign missions (scenarios or showcases) -Full sandbox mode -Multiplayer -Wonds affect the player One bad thing is you will never stop looking at the control menu for the first few hours until you figure out what keys you will be using.
game-hours: 3.2
review: I can't play Arma 3. It's the Arma 3 free weekend and It's telling me to Purchase the game. Can someone please help me?
game-hours: 3.1
review: cool game
game-hours: 43.3
review: BUY IT fOR GODS SAKE
game-hours: 1.7
review: I want this . NO . I NEED THIS .
game-hours: 20.9
review: i rilly likke the game i want to buy it its so cool thif all off the severs
game-hours: 90.4
review: It was feckin' amazing. I recommend it to everyone but the only downside is you need a good ammount of cpu's otherwise you will struggle to get even 10 fps
game-hours: 0.7
review: Seems like a good game only did the training part but seemed good
game-hours: 9.9
review: its ok
game-hours: 7.1
review: I love this game! But they should make a free version! OR MAKE A WEEKEND WHEN U GET THE GAME FOR FREE FOR EVER! cuz 66$ is a lot of money! Awesome game though... played it for two days
game-hours: 114.7
review: loves how it does things in real life but in a game
game-hours: 1.5
review: was great but cost to much
game-hours: 13.7
review: Says its running till the 27th, my free weekend no longer works on the 26th bit upset about it.
game-hours: 6.4
review: mean as
game-hours: 164.4
review: Worth every penny, but theres still alot of improvement to be done like fixing the eject from moving vechile and stuff like that there just quite alot of little stupid bugs like that. But would recommend.
game-hours: 0.2
review: a good game
game-hours: 951.8
review: ing awesome love playing wasteland
game-hours: 46.5
review: dkwlrtlfgod
game-hours: 256.2
review: Hooked! when i got it on the free weekend deal.
game-hours: 143.5
review: If you like Realism and low fps like real life you'll like this game.
game-hours: 83.1
review: Fun game! Many great gamemodes. 10/10
game-hours: 1.9
review: This is my first dive into military games, but so far so good. Would like a little better controller support, otherwise enjoyable game. It doesn't have the polish that BF or COD has, but the open world aspect is pretty cool.
game-hours: 17.1
review: fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 331.6
review: Like Arma 2 except ly optimized
game-hours: 1527.6
review: Best Game I have ever played with my mates. Ok, ok. It is buggy and glitchy as hell but to be honest thats arma. I would recomend this game to anyone who wants to have a good laugh with some friends. If you are alone most of the community is friendly enough to chat to but if you have a social anxiety disorder and don't like other people it's good fun to  about in the editor. (E.G: Place lots of jets and watch them hit each other.)
game-hours: 97.0
review: It's pretty damn awsome, from gameplay to graphics this game is the bawlz.
game-hours: 75.6
review: Amazing army game, I really like the designs, the weapons, and the missions, It's a great game to play with friends, Altis life, Domination, and more !
game-hours: 1425.9
review: I really hate this game, because minecraft is better.
game-hours: 7.4
review: PLS GIFT ME THE GAME I ONLY HAVE THE FREE ONE ;-; I WILL GIVE YOU A GAME BACK! HERE THE GAMES I WOULD LIKE TO GIVE YOU: Goat Simulator, Arma 2 bundle (if on sale again) or any other games that cost 10 or 5 dollars. Please and thank you! :D
game-hours: 188.9
review: Arma 3 has a ton of potential to becoming the all known 'war game' we'll all love and play. It however suffers from major faults which are holding its absolute success back. It suffers from relatively poor performance, art and design inconsistencies, some odd game mechanics, and relatively weak visuals. Bohemia Interactive has a lot to work on, and no, it's not going to be another vehicle DLC pack that I'll be looking for.
game-hours: 1.9
review: It was a bad investment you ask why? well the frames per second were below average even when set at low settings maybe they need to optimize the game a little more i don't know. My recommendation is if you don't have a up to par gaming PC don't buy it.
game-hours: 1.8
review: A wonderful game but lags like hell.
game-hours: 367.5
review: DayZ Breaking point Mod amd KotH is Bae with a group of 2-5 competent friends who can get over the steep learning curve and unforgiving deaths. But with all that nonsense you get LOOT and you can kill people and establish houses and territories. Very Sandbox mil-sim Game 9.75/10 (Add more to BREAKING POING MOD)
game-hours: 361.4
review: This game is the most realistic war simulator there is. It takes a bit of time to get used to it but then after a while the game gets a bit easier. It is a hard game but thats what makes it realistic.
game-hours: 74.1
review: It's better than Bad Rats. You know you want it.
game-hours: 375.0
review: one of the best pc games i have played only down sides are the optimisation is pretty bad but apart from that awesome game
game-hours: 67.0
review: Great game! Probably the closest you will get to a Military Simulator.
game-hours: 902.2
review: not really a fan.
game-hours: 42.4
review: Was awsome game. Was. thats the big word everytime i go to launch the game now it says initializing then crashes had this for couple months now no support at all from bistudios or any resolved solution from other forums it it worked more often i would recommend it
game-hours: 17.2
review: tidy game like
game-hours: 15.1
review: Stress Simulator 2014 2 men on your squad just got picked off. Last known intel on the enemy was aprox 100m front. You don't know how many enemies are there, because frankly you're more interested in counting the bullets nestling in the trees and rocks you're hiding behind. Soon you hear the bullets being directed towards your comrades. You take your chance and decide to sprint to some cover on the left hand side. Bad choice. As soon as you start running bullets start landing at your feet and you dive forward. You don't quite make the distance but you roll on your side as you succesfully position yourself behind a tree that barely covers the width of you. You hear a soft thump in the ground next to you, and you immediately get up and sprint to your next cover. A loud explosion smashes through your ear drums, and you run once more beyond the explosion. You settle down in some bushes and crawl a bit forward. You notice bullets still landing in your last position. You take this to your advantage and peek around the tree. You spot an enemy marksman and rifleman firing on your squad members. You want to take the shot, but you are still shaking from the explosion, and don't want to risk blowing your cover. Just as sound returns to your ears, you hear someone on the other side scream. You poke your head out again and notice the rifleman is wounded and is now laying below a short hill clenching his wound. You feel a sudden ease within yourself and your mind goes empty. You take 2 shots at the marksman and he plumets to the ground. The rifleman notices and immediately draws his gun, but before he could ready himself, you pull the trigger. One last scream occurs before a sudden silence overwhelms you. You wait for a couple of seconds and look around you. The radio buzzes. "Clear." Now you only have 5km of distance to cover before you reach your destination, however there's no way you're continuing down the same path after that large gunfight.
game-hours: 594.8
review: Amazing game!, has many things to do and have never been bored playing. full of cheap dlc's you can easly spend 50+ hours on this game, for what it costs its worth it!
game-hours: 543.4
review: swerve
game-hours: 326.2
review: It's okay I guess...
game-hours: 258.3
review: Best game ever. It has a realistic shooting enviroment, and on higher tier graphics, it looks great!
game-hours: 36.7
review: better than arma 2 still hard to have fun flying helocopters is fun though i think i got my moneys worth
game-hours: 31.3
review: this game brout me 2 tear first time i play.... wow...!....wat a xpereance. truly beutifull game play 12\10/7
game-hours: 282.7
review: arma 3 is the best game i own must bye
game-hours: 983.4
review: This is the gripping story of a boy and his beloved dog "Dog". The story takes place in medival US, when President Nixon was a stablehand in the Angarville Castle. We get an unparralelled experience of frienship and eventually love that transcend boundaries as species and gender. Truly heartwarming!
game-hours: 87.6
review: Arma 3 is very much an improvement on the previous games and I enjoy the smoother combat and animations than Arma 2s clunky movement but the optimization issues and bugs still remain although not as heavy as Arma 2s. It can be a pain to get into games on public servers where everyone just acts like its your typical arcade shooter or the other side where everyone is being a pain by trying to keep it ultra serious and kicking everyone who doesn't say tango down or whatever every two seconds which is why I recommend finding a good group of people like Shack Tactical to play with. But hey you could just ignore it all and play wasteland or arma life servers and never play anything else which is the great thing about gaming. Anyway hopefully this paints an alright picture in your mind about the game good luck and happy hunting!
game-hours: 41.9
review: game. It takes a whole mag to kill someone and it takes on bullet to the knee for you to get instantly killed. And evey Altis life server is .
game-hours: 54.3
review: LOVEEEE!
game-hours: 2.0
review: Very poor design for new users, this is my first Arma game and i found it almost impossible to play, there were no clear training missions and any that they did have did NOT give clear instructions. It took me 30mins of mashing buttons to figure out how to crouch :(. Was really looking foward to this game as all reviews and videos looked really good, the Multiplayer is very laggy and the players are rude and not helpful i was kicked 45 times, i counted, for being a newbie. Very dissapointed will hopefully grasp the controls and basics soon just feel like ive wasted fourty-pounds. Do NOT buy this game. I do not reccomend it.
game-hours: 299.1
review: Great game would recommend for action and RP
game-hours: 1.2
review: I have just bought the game installed it opened the game and was global banned for no reason terribal game
game-hours: 75.4
review: Love this game
game-hours: 39.3
review: After playing this game for about 20 minutes I decided to leave most every other shooter game behind. The scale of this game, what's possible and what you can do in it is next to none. You can create your own mission or try ones that other people have made. In that sense the game is infinite. This game has realism, tactics, stealth, weapons, vehicles and so much more. You can approach any task in a million different ways. 20/10.
game-hours: 150.2
review: Plenty of fun mods and gameplay, I would enjoy playing this with anyone.
game-hours: 237.5
review: Arma 3 = best game ever
game-hours: 1302.1
review: Game of the year 2013-2014 imo
game-hours: 72.6
review: I have not bought this game (yet) but i played it in the free weekend. I loved it, I love how realistic it sounds. Sure the no bipods are a little bit annoying. But the game is continually tweaked and small things will be added in due time. I am a big fan of sound effects, and Arma 3 delivers them on a silver  platter with the best poutine in the world. The purchasing factor on this game was sound effects. After about 5 minutes I found my way into an artillery. Then I fired it. Oh My God, I felt the rumble in my feet (subwoofer on my desk) and the bang in my ears. Arma 3 is the best game if you want the best sound effects in a shooter. Battlefield, Call of Duty, and World Of Tanks, don't even come close to this level of sound effect quality. Arma 3 is in a class of its own, and when I say that I mean that there is not even a teacher because all the other games have to take from Arma 3 in order to be in that class. For me? This is hands down the game of the decade. This game is awesome in sound, graphics, mechanics and realism. I would buy the  out of it
game-hours: 176.9
review: 1. fix the ai intelligence 2. fix the neck rubberbanding 3. fix the fatigue 4. fix bugs such as not being able to heal and forced walking
game-hours: 1.0
review: Buggy and not even worth the discounted price. I wish I could get a refund.
game-hours: 9.3
review: ITS SO LAGGY!!!! i even have a really good gaming pc and its still laggy i only get like 4 or 5 fps
game-hours: 349.3
review: Mods make the game
game-hours: 36.4
review: Buy Arma 3 if you have a good pc and some friends to play with, if you don't have either of those don't buy the game.
game-hours: 61.5
review: If you like milsim style games, then this one is for you. To start off, let's talk about the graphics. This game has incredible graphics, yet still is able to run well on lower end systems. It is obvious they spent alot of time optimizing this game, compared to the earlier game in the series, Arma 2. I find that you can play with almost any video settings, and this game will look amazing either way. They even put SMAA in the game, which is the "upgraded" version of FXAA. Some say that SMAA is beter, but it is all just personal preference. Next, let's talk about gameplay. The gameplay is very fun and addicting in this game. The animations are stellar, the gunplay is very fun (and alot better than Arma 2s gunplay), combat flows very well. The damage weapons deal seems to be pretty accurate, just like the earlier Armas, with most of the guns taking 1-3 shots to kill. The maps, and AI are incredibly well designed. Finally, mods. The mods in this game, like Arma 2, are still amazing. Breaking Point, Epoch, King of the Hill, and Battle Royale are all amazing mods to play with friends, or by yourself. Although they still have to better optimize multiplayer, as ping, and fps are suprisingly low in multiplayer, the flow of battle, and co-op capabilities are endless. Overall, this game is so worh $40. Bohemia did an amazing job on this one, and it is surely gonna get better!
game-hours: 1010.7
review: YEAH IT'S AN ALRIGHT GAME
game-hours: 255.2
review: Great game to learn to shoot ppl from long to short distance
game-hours: 147.5
review: Very good if you have the comr to run it.
game-hours: 20.5
review: really good game lots of cool fetures i think that if i play this to mutch it will get to a point to where i wont stop i recemend you buy it i like it
game-hours: 53.7
review: A helicopter DLC REALLY!?!?!?!?!
game-hours: 2.9
review: just purchased this game on Dec 26 2014 ARMA 3 - Digital Deluxe Edition does not work on my I7 PC and the game keeps crashing I would like my funds returned to my account on steam.
game-hours: 3.2
review: Arma 3 hates me. (Steam free) Every server I join it says there is a battleeye error and kicks me, after getting back to the lobby menu arma 3 crashes. This sucks, pretty pointless. Every other game that uses battle eye has no problem with me.
game-hours: 157.4
review: BUY IT RIGHT NOW OH LAWDY
game-hours: 157.1
review: omg NO u cant have 3 arms irl
game-hours: 142.9
review: The previous title, Arma 2 in my opinion, is in ways better than the third installment.
game-hours: 27.4
review: !
game-hours: 1.5
review: Just no.
game-hours: 0.4
review: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
game-hours: 294.7
review: Bought it for 30 nigs, good deal, great game.
game-hours: 603.4
review: Well where can I start? I would reccomend this game because Its one of the best millitary simulators I have ever played with a variety of different maps, guns and everthing you could possibly want. Definately reccomend this to anyone who is intrested! -FBGaming
game-hours: 61.1
review: One of the best games I have ever played. The realism is outstanding.
game-hours: 364.8
review: Best war sim ing ever
game-hours: 12.6
review: Even worsely coded than Arma 2 somehow, looks like it was optimized by chimps using their feet.
game-hours: 63.0
review: pew pew
game-hours: 21.7
review: meow
game-hours: 6.0
review: not the best shooter but if you like being picked of by snipers this is for you
game-hours: 361.6
review: you can even walk like a thung
game-hours: 21.5
review: I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone cause its a multiplayers worst nightmare. The engine is old as , the fps on my new alienware pc is 20fps in multiplayer. Un optimized piece of crap people, I bought it in beta and it still sucks. If there were a demo i could of saved 44 dollars but got screwed in the ! SAVE YOUR MONEY maybe take a date to a nice resteraunt, who knows maybe you'll get laid. Anyways i'm saving you from a bad decision!
game-hours: 166.8
review: Children play Call of Duty Boys play Battlefield Men play ARMA
game-hours: 31.2
review: For advance players. Not for Eddie Hultman.
game-hours: 55.0
review: yes its good but for some reson my pc does not want to run t over 10 fps no clue
game-hours: 761.7
review: If you live simulator games like GTA and DayZ and stuff of that sort, you will love this game. I have clocked almost 1000 hours into it, and I don't regret it. Its got endless things to do with mods, Altis Life, Battle Royale, Breaking Point, and tons more. 10/10 BUY THIS GAME WORTH ANY AMOUNT OF MONEY.
game-hours: 42.3
review: Yep.
game-hours: 149.4
review: bla bla bol bla bloe bo arma 3 !!
game-hours: 166.6
review: ive been playing arma 2 for about 6 years and this game killed the fun for me. great visual and weapon modifications. however its unplayable in this state and has be for some time.
game-hours: 37.0
review: brilliant game.
game-hours: 137.7
review: very nice, very good, very fun, very cool
game-hours: 1534.4
review: best army game ever!!! nothin else to say :D
game-hours: 2.1
review: Arma 3. Well what can I say about this piece of . For a normally 60 dollar game the graphic are unappealing to say the least. Alright, that's it! I'm done with this game! I'd rather press my face against a Hippopotamus' butt while it 'muck-spreads'! That's when a hippo takes a , rather than allowing the  to drop from it's , it presses it's tail against it's own -crack, waving it back and forth, shredding the  all over the place! That's how much fun this game is! Like putting a turd in a fan or a band-saw, you just don't do it! In other words dont buy it save ur money.
game-hours: 18.9
review: I love this game!Is very real and the graphics are beautiful. The game is very good optimized because my video card has 64 Mb and I don`t have lag or problems.Thank you for this amazing game!I will play it unlimited!
game-hours: 72.2
review: Need some pulish the game its really cool with physx and good graphics. they need fix multiplayer for now . beta ends soon on september.2013 , i hope the game will have more freatures and stuff overf pass the beta test, thanks for this good game
game-hours: 2.3
review: Totally worth it. But I will wait for the price drop again. Untill then ARMA 2 :)
game-hours: 39.4
review: Arma series has always had faithful fanbase and for a good reason, while not the most optimized or most fluid gameplay wise, they've brought a one-of-a-kind twist to whole FPS genre with realism and simulation. Arma 3 continues this trend and does so very well. This game offers INSANE value in terms of varied gamemodes. There is an endless ocean of great and not so great mods for arma which alter the gameplay in many different ways. Mods are the reason why you should buy this game, you quite literally get dozens of games' worth of content by buying Arma 3. You can play survival, role play, play massive war scenarios, just shoot for fun, it's all there. Visually this is one of the most impressive looking games to date. Huge maps with absolutely massive draw distance, fair amount of texture detail and good lighting effects really add up to a spectacular feel. Night time is especially impressive with really dark nights and tracer shots lighting up the sky. All this comes with a hefty price though, this game really brings even most poverful computers down to their knees. Optimization isn't great this time around either and multiplayer performance suffers quite a blow. Please do your research before buying so you at least have some clue if this'll run at all. Sound assets are good, guns sound beefy and other little details such as bullet impacts really bring immersion and feel of danger to gunfights. Built in VOIP communication is absolutely necessary and it's done well, with VOD and everything. Voice chat does get bit crackly sometimes though. Gameplay has always been both the high and low point of arma series and this doesn't change. Luckily enough some features are bit better this time and I especially like the new inventory layout. Controls are still somewhat clunky and mousewheel has way more functions bound to it than ever necessary. Also arma doors are legendary for being annyoying... Buildings have some clipping issues which combined with awkward doors and bit jerky movement can lead to sticky situations. Vehicle controls are for the most part fine, but cars blow up if you look at them funny. Gunplay is a thing I've always loved in Arma. Realistic effective distances for guns and decent bullet physics make shooting and hitting really satisfying. Assault rifles can still be very, very deadly up to 500m or so and draw distance allows for extremely long range sniping (sniping is real hard though, don't expect point and click). Combine this with good gun sounds and visuals and we've got one impressive package. Close combat is sometimes bit iffy in multiplayer as lag and desyncing can make hit detection not work perfectly and it's common situation for 2 players to end up killing each other in CQB. This is a war simulation game though, so if you come expecting some fast paced shooting action for a 30 minute session every now and then you should probably look elsewhere. Arma 3 takes dedication, and even if there are some gamemodes designed for casual action, they're still slow paced compared to other shooters. People camp for hours just to snipe you in perfect oppourtunity, people try to avoid fair engagements, you will die to players you never thought were anywhere near you, you will be brought down by massive hail of bullets from attack helicopter mile high in the sky. If you're fine with the things in last paragraph and have a good PC, get Arma 3, you won't regret it.
game-hours: 461.5
review: they say its the best combat simulator and say it has the best physix, well to tell you the truth its absolute , very glitchy, annimations are , and how is it you cant jump, shots dont register half the time, and flares do almost nothing to defend against anti air, somehow i cant pull myself away from the fact that i feel like im playing a beta, this game is not worth 60 dollars, hell its not even worth 30 dollars, how can they put out this garbage and say its "the best". 1/10
game-hours: 44.9
review: this game is op plox nerf
game-hours: 17.6
review: i got Arma 3 Digital Deluxe Edition and i dont know how to add the dlc. Also for my review its a great game will play no-stop if my Mom doesnt tell me to stop playing
game-hours: 11.6
review: Its fun but if your thinking of getting this instead of dayz standalone, definetely get dayz
game-hours: 66.6
review: There do not exist a better realistic tactical shooter out there. The mod support is also a bonus.
game-hours: 1284.8
review: Well good... Recommended
game-hours: 0.6
review: Its awesome
game-hours: 16.3
review: best game ever (y) worth money for this , i recommend to you guys buy this game :D
game-hours: 254.0
review: 100 Hours of fun! Worth to buy.
game-hours: 129.9
review: AWESOME!! Highly suggest this game. Endless possibilitys.
game-hours: 1241.8
review: Played over 1000 hours, only to be banned for "hacking."
game-hours: 98.7
review: its decent
game-hours: 31.4
review: I really need help here! When i startup the game it freezes when i load the bohemia interactive logo and i tried all the standard methods of fixing the issue yet nothing worked. Does anyone else have the same issue and/or know how to fix the issue?
game-hours: 392.5
review: I bought this game for myself and a friend while it was "on sale" for christmas/blackfriday and now im pissed that after that sale it went on sale again for even cheaper wtf steam....
game-hours: 531.4
review: Worth it just for Battle Royale.
game-hours: 94.0
review: Realistic, hardcore battle simulator. Not for the easily bored. A+
game-hours: 341.5
review: .
game-hours: 0.2
review: I Was kidnapped by some guys, they stopped by some road and told me to take of my pants, next minute they both went on road and my friend ran them other. 11/10 would take of my pants again.
game-hours: 67.4
review: ARMA 3 is definitely one of the best shooters out there. Such a step up from ARMA 2. It still has bugs and content is still being rolled out, but it's a beautiful looking game and plays smoothly. Negative reviews being posted about the game 'running like ' are just people's poor computers. Definitely recommended. 9.5/10
game-hours: 597.5
review: I hope you enjoy having a decent pc and get under 20 fps on some servers.
game-hours: 116.9
review: Amazing game :3
game-hours: 2.2
review: One of the best games I ever bought on steam
game-hours: 3.6
review: swag ~lil b
game-hours: 83.3
review: ITS ING AMAZING
game-hours: 20.4
review: BETTER THEN SEX!
game-hours: 49.2
review: boom pow boom bug bug bug boom pow bugs glitches boom pow
game-hours: 45.6
review: 100000000x more rewarding then BF4. Doesn't crash every 32 seconds like Arma 2. Engine isn't as . Install it to an SSD. Mods are fun, and the people are pretty accomodating in the realism servers if you're willing to learn and listen.
game-hours: 62.9
review: 4/5 Quite good
game-hours: 480.9
review: First off, there is not at all as much content as there was in arma 2. Now that that's out of the way, Arma 3 sports amazing graphical settings, beautiful terrain, and well modelled vehicles, weapons, and everything else. If you want to mess around in the editor, and do god knows what else, Arma 2 is where you want to go. If you want to make good missions taking minimal time and effort while still making an experience that sets itself apart from others, Arma 3 is the game for you. Reccomending this game really dependson how you want to play this game: A pro, or a playful guy who likes to crash a helicopter into his friends. If you're the playful guy, go to arma 2.
game-hours: 305.2
review: Fun game 4 me 2 own n00bs in. Pls n00bs buy this game so I can own u 2.
game-hours: 964.8
review: Okay I honestly love this game, it runs grate, grahpics are nice, and game play is the same Dislikes: The engine. Honestly it makes cars fly into the air, and the damage modle is absolutely awfull. I honestly want them to remake the hole engine and make better damage modles (meaning it doesnt take a hole belt from a zafir to kill them) And add more stuff, IE like, 18 wheelers to add more fun, and add new wepons. That and add new vehicles. like a car or something. Also add custom vehicles Like adding a new engine to say the hemmet to make it faster, or adding off-road tires to the hatchback sport. Likes: It honestly runs awsome, there are some awsome servers out there and as well there are a punch of awsome mods, maps, and comunitys out there. As well, the new mod coming out (Arma 3: Life) will take the arma 3 RP servers by storm. As well, with the King of the kill servers and the wasteland servers, it adds something more to do other than go around, kill enemys, and do that, with wasteland you can build bases and take objectives. I my self Like the altis life servers, just to rp, I honestly don't get to at all. and I and other people would go with me on that. Over all the game is awsome, needs some tweaks to the engine and needs more stuff added but other then that its a 9.7/10 game, its way up there on my charts.
game-hours: 67.9
review: Good game but a bit glichly
game-hours: 34.2
review: Sale ends as soon the day before i get paid. zero out of ten.
game-hours: 0.9
review: Broken peice of ....
game-hours: 2.9
review: I played Altis Life only, and had a couple of enjoyable hours with a few friends there. Don't know about the military simulation, but I have to express a clear reccomendation based on Altis life alone, so the rest doesn't even have to be good :)
game-hours: 6.7
review: for the little i have gotten to play i have fallen in love with the game my problem is i keep getting a D3D error and i cant fix it so the games just quits on me but im gonna build me a better pc soon and ill just play on it
game-hours: 47.6
review: i love it I LOVE ITTTTTTTTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OOM SOOOO GOOD
game-hours: 25.7
review: I play this game more for the mods than anything else, really. Mod-wise it's cool. BREAKING POINT!!!
game-hours: 40.9
review: Best Multiplayer Shooter Ever. If you like DayZ, and like the feel of Battlefield or something. GET THIS GAME. The Multiplayer has MASSIVE maps with amazing combat and realistic systems. Good simulator. Buy it now! Definetly worth your money! P.S. DONT EXPECT TO GET GOOD INSTANTLY... It takes some time... I can tell...
game-hours: 48.5
review: battle royale is the best! very good mod. (the game is ok too :P ).
game-hours: 25.9
review: I am actually very satisfacted with the changes that boheima has made to this game including things like Better vehical sounds Better vehical entrance animations Reload animations weapon customiastion and more
game-hours: 47.9
review: Singleplayer -It has it's own Unique Features in every aspect of the Game it has it's own style. -The Game is just Simply Perfect. -It has loads of fun playing in Singleplayer. Multiplayer -Once you've step up on Multiplayer, I think you couldn't go back on Singleplayer, unless if you haven't have an Internet Connection. -The different Gamemodes of Multiplayer is just Simply Fantastic! -The Gameplay of different Gamemodes is stunning! -Tons of good words that I could say. **HIGHLY RECOMMENDED** What are you waiting for? Buy it, Try it, and Play it now!
game-hours: 28.2
review: LOLZZZZ FOR DAYZZZZZ
game-hours: 865.1
review: Life simulator 10/10
game-hours: 62.7
review: Stunning gameplay and graphics
game-hours: 5.1
review: Best Simulation game a lot of fun JUST buy it and  it when you are looking at your game IGN 10/10 420
game-hours: 30.8
review: Best Military Simulator Ever. 12/10
game-hours: 192.5
review: ZOMG SUCH GOOD GAME
game-hours: 9.3
review: Very good game
game-hours: 35.5
review: If you love REALISM this is the game for you. If you are a BF or COD fanboy, you probably wont like it. Unless you are like me, one who was scratching his head at the absolute sheet FPS on the market atm screaming into the wind..."is anything real anymore!!"....I hate them so much and by themyou all know which big 2 im talking about. All absolute crap, garbage. I cant believe i paid hard earned bucks and continued in the hopes something finally would come out that would be decent. Burned!! Then...like the kool aid man..."oh yeah!!" Arma 3 came crashing through the wall, tipping me over in my chair socks blown off. My monitor flashed free Arma 3 weekend. Ok...sure..i have nothing to lose. I have heard of Arma franchise..even watched some youtube vids on them all. At the time, nothing really leaped out and said you had to play me. But hey, its a free weekend so why not. Now, im just down right depressed. This game is so amazing. I finally found my gem. A game thats just so intense. The atmosphere, graphics...aww god i could go on and on. Why am I depressed...you ask, well, all the money I have spent on the other "two" I couldve put here. Where it belongs. Trust me in saying i have lots of titles of the other "two" and now Im having to scrounge for loot so i can buy this. I paid for sh*t when sweetness was staring me in the face. Awesome game Lots and lots of different servers with different mods. Every game is unique and different So, stop reading this and go buy it PS. If you dont adjust your play style from the other "two" fast, you will get owned and die a lot. This community does not  around, you will have to deal with many personalitys and the majority of them keepin it real and hardcore. Headsets greatly improve your chances of survival.
game-hours: 203.9
review: Awesome mil-sim.
game-hours: 122.4
review: this game is very fun and continues to supprise me every second. i highly recomend it to even to short minded people
game-hours: 258.8
review: Its a must buy. Love the graphics. Love all the mods. I enjoy modding in this game, Best game I like thats mod friendly. You must buy this game, You are missing out on all those cool multiplayer gamemodes like ARMA 3 life, Wasteland, Altis Life, King Of The Hill, Breaking Point and Epoch Mod. Buy Now!
game-hours: 14.6
review: This game is awesome and you must get it, Nuff said!
game-hours: 55.8
review: Gets run over by ATV moving at 60 Mph, only breaks legs. 10/10
game-hours: 326.4
review: Great
game-hours: 69.1
review: The best army game there is!
game-hours: 149.8
review: aessome war sim but i wouldnt play if you have a low end pc (like me) cause its disconnects you from servers sometimes after saying no message recieved but i would defo reccomend it.
game-hours: 0.6
review: lol good game
game-hours: 62.9
review: 4/5 Quite good
game-hours: 11.1
review: This game features a lot more than it may seem. It's got lots of gamemodes and different experiences even if you do play the same gamemode over and over. Everytime you play will be a different experience, may it be your role, the difficulty, or the ai. It's all different every time. You can find a lot of funny moments where the game will glitch out on you a bit but it's not really game-breaking, it's just a moment you can laugh about. Plus the amount of customization in the game is unbelievable, There's so much different changes you can do to the game, from changing your character's voice or face, up to making a whole addon and even more. Im not gonna say the game's completely perfect though. The main problem may be the community, but from time to time you'll not meet with that problem; some people will be nice to you and help you if you're a newbie to the game, and some will just go hard on you and troll you but those guys are rare, as people dont appreciate them on the servers. The gameplay; Now that is one hard question to answer. The gameplay mostly matters about you, and the gamemode, how you want to play, will still be valid, but you are restricted to thinking a lot about your actions or you'll get shot by some guy from 800 meters while he's only using a simple rifle with no scope. As you would guess, another problem is the AI, sometimes it may act rediculous and sometimes it's just the best AI you can find in a game. now, im not gonna go over the gamemodes here as it's better to find out yourselves, but i'll just say that King Of The Hill, Wasteland(mostly fun with friends), and Zeus(you'll be most likely to spend days on this one) are the ones i recommend. The community: The community has an endless array of addons you could use to change your game and/or experience. I'm not gonna say much about it except this but there's alot you can say about the community. The Engine: this game requires a beefy pc(currently at its state) but the engine is brilliant, It can run alot of data without having to give you frame drops or hard CPU usage. The engine is mostly dependant rather more on the RAM than the CPU, i recommend atleast 6-12 RAM for this game if you're gonna play it alot. Overall: The game's worth a shot for people who like to plan their moves and think about what they do it before they do it, altough you will find mostly funny moments and non-serious moments in multiplayer but less than serious moments that are mostly enjoyable. Certain people refer to this as a "Walking Simulator" but the point is that ArmA III is mainly focused on infantry and combined arms, you WILL find yourself walking and running alot to objectives, but that's how it is in real life too. The game is focused on reality and will be a hard challenge for people who arent used to this type of gaming. You can find alot to do in this like commanding AI and/or players, which is always hard at the start, and participating in large assaults on towns such as Kavala. In my opinion, ArmA III is worth a shot.
game-hours: 16.3
review: I love milk but I did not love how much less content this game had so good day to you and I am not a good pooper
game-hours: 48.5
review: Helicopter Ride Simulator 2015
game-hours: 8.3
review: Why are you still here? Just to laugh? Every night, I can feel Arma... guns... even BF2... the fun I've lost... the games I've lost... it won't stop hurting... it's like they're all still there. You feel it, too, don't you?
game-hours: 1389.1
review: good game but sometimes drop fps most of the time
game-hours: 6.3
review: This game has some twitchy movement and bad controls. The frame rates are buggy and graphics are just "meh". Reminds me of a lackluster CounterStrike. Not worth the money in the least.
game-hours: 116.7
review: k
game-hours: 73.4
review: 0/10  microsoft vc redist worst communist software will not install plz halp much kill
game-hours: 48.5
review: Helicopter Ride Simulator 2015
game-hours: 8.3
review: Why are you still here? Just to laugh? Every night, I can feel Arma... guns... even BF2... the fun I've lost... the games I've lost... it won't stop hurting... it's like they're all still there. You feel it, too, don't you?
game-hours: 1389.1
review: good game but sometimes drop fps most of the time
game-hours: 6.3
review: This game has some twitchy movement and bad controls. The frame rates are buggy and graphics are just "meh". Reminds me of a lackluster CounterStrike. Not worth the money in the least.
game-hours: 116.7
review: k
game-hours: 73.4
review: 0/10  microsoft vc redist worst communist software will not install plz halp much kill
game-hours: 106.6
review: UNABLE TO PLAY MULTIPLAYER, BECAUSE NO LIST OF HOSTS POPULATE THE WINDOW
game-hours: 129.9
review: I hate this stupid game. So you stand up in the back of your enemies, standing around the campfire, and they turn around and one-shot me. Seriously, CoD is more tatical than this piece of crap. And the bad thing? One year has passed, but the AI is as godly / dumb as ever. Why did I even bother buying this in Beta... It's laggy as hell, barely playable once shiet his the fan, and on many multiplayer servers, you can be happy if you get 30 fps, even if you set all graphic options to low. Don't even call this a tactical game. SWAT 4 was tactical. This is not.
game-hours: 593.4
review: Can't even explain how good this game is! Love realistic shooters? Theres no doubt you will like this. And if you don't, you're insane!
game-hours: 315.4
review: meh 1/100
game-hours: 462.2
review: good game 10/10
game-hours: 139.4
review: Who reads reviews anyway. Just buy the ing game, It's worth it.
game-hours: 8.9
review: This game is good specially when you go in to the ice age level and smash down a tree with a microwave.
game-hours: 18.1
review: Game Is Amazing! Must Buy! IGN 10/10! Swag Swag ! 2 MLG 4 M3 M8!
game-hours: 147.4
review: I absolutely love this game
game-hours: 2196.1
review: From OFP Cold War Crisis to Arma 3. Best Game I have got my hands on.
game-hours: 189.9
review: One of the best games ever. This game has been made better with modding community adding various gamemodes and other fun things. BUY IT!!
game-hours: 326.2
review: It's okay I guess...
game-hours: 162.6
review: RPG , CO-OP , PVP , Wastleland are all awesome
game-hours: 545.2
review: The best game i have ever played. Sadly a lot of people will never get to try how amazing Arma 3 and roleplaying on Altis life servers is. Its so different from other games and i love it.
game-hours: 206.5
review: My first game on A3 brought me the most horrific experience I've ever had in any game, ever. We're on our way to the objective, a small dump east of a town occupied by enemy forces. I'm leading a team of 4 men. We come to a crossroad and I sprint across, telling my men to hold back. I cross a few more times, trying to get a response from any snipers. Nothing. I run, my SAW gunner runs, my medic runs. But I kept my Marksman on the other side to make sure we'd make it across. Anybody seen Full Metal Jacket all the way through? Remember the sniper scene? The marksman takes a round in the leg as we're running and goes down. He then takes two more in the chest. The kid who was playing had some mad acting skills, he played it up to 11 here. He screams as he's being shot. Crawling, drenched in his own blood. "SARGE? YOU AIN'T LEAVING ME OUT HERE LIKE THIS, RIGHT? I-I WANNA GO WITH YOU GUYS! C'MON SARGE, H-HELP ME! C'MON! PLEASE DON'T LEAVE ME!" he died after that. I cried and he respawned. 11/10, would recommend getting.
game-hours: 70.4
review: This is not a game for people who want fast action movie style gaming, this is a game for people who appreciate the finer things. Having done both military service and picked up MILSIM airsoft as a hobby this game is the closest you will get to what goes on in reality. There are experiences you will have in ARMA 3 that can not be had in COD or BF, experiences that will have you shaking from the adrenaline release. One that comes to mind was a mission to destroy an enemy comms tower, I was squad leader of 8 or so AI:s. As we approached the Comms tower and I told my men to go stealth, no firing unless fired upon. We moved slowly taking advantage of terrain, keeping an watchful eye for enemy patrols. Once the tower was in visual range pace slowed even more and I spent the better part of 30 minutes just looking for enemy patrols and advancing to about 200 meters from the tower. There I positioned my men to cover a wide firing arc as I had spotted quite a few patrols moving in and about the tower. I considered opening fire and probably being able to drop a good portion of the enemy before they could zero in on our position. But a firefight is always a risk, and these AI had been around for a few missions and I had started to anthropomorphize them a bit and secondly I might get hit and killed. As I considered how I would start the engagement a sudden hole opened up in the patrol pattern, I realised the tower is unguarded and I had an opportunity to do something I had not considered. I got up and ran as fast as I could towards the tower, all the time expecting the bullets to start cracking above my head. I kept scanning as I ran whizzling through bushes trying to pick a path that the least visibility to any patrols. After what seemed like far too long I reached the tower and threw out a satchel charge and another for good measure, if one would not bring the tower down it would sure attract attention. I turned around and made my way back, as I closed on my men I started ordering them to fall back, hope growing that I might get out of this alive. Falling back to about 400 meters I finally detonated the satchel charges and the tower fell, from there it was just a short run to the truck and back to Command. I had done it. I had pulled off the perfect mission, not a shot fired and all under my command back alive. That is what this game is about.
game-hours: 576.8
review: Oh man. Where to even begin with this one. It would be an extreme disservice to simply call Arma 3 a shooter, as it is so, so much more than that. Arma 3 is a military simulator. This is a distinction that its developers hold sacred and are proud of, and one to which I can attest is completely accurate and deserved. But its even more than that. Arma 3 is a gaming platform, upon which so much has already been and will continue to be built for years to come. At its core though, Arma 3 in a supremely excellent military sim. The graphics are stunning, the gameplay is excellent, the mechanics are solid, and Bohemia Interactive has done an absolutely amazing job packaging this all together. New comers to the Arma series (as I was) may initially be overwhelmed by the games complex mechanics and decidedly different pace from your typical FPS/shooter. Enemy engagements happen at much greater distance than is typical in the genre and are often brief, brutal, and more times than not will conclude with your demise. There is no handholding here. No mini-maps, no enemy UI icons/indicators, no hit markers, no health bars. If you get shot a couple of times, you will find yourself unceremoniously dispatched. While this creates a high barrier for entry and a steep learning curve for new players, it provides a unique and distinctive play style. Situational awareness, cover, teamwork, suppressive fire, and generally moving purposefully and as if your  depended on knowing what was behind the next ridge or hiding in the bushes are paramount to your success. Add to these infantry mechanics the amazingly rendered vehicles, armor, helicopters, and planes, each with their own realistic mechanics to learn and master, and you end up with a truly amazing military simulation experience. Out of the box, Arma comes with a great single player campaign comprised of 3 separate acts, each containing ~12-15 missions. The campaign focuses on a well crafted story of a military conflict that has erupted over Arma 3s two HUGE islands of Stratis and Altis. You play the part of a NATO soldier who finds himself stuck in the middle of a complex engagement. The campaign is rewarding, and challenging. (I have yet to complete it as Im stuck on one mission that I simply cant seem to complete.) However the single-player campaign is FAR from the end of this title. The mission editing tools have allowed this amazing community to develop some absolutely awesome single player missions, all of which can be downloaded free of charge from the Steam workshop and numerous other sites around the interwebs. I would also recommend you check out the supremely excellent full game conversion single player mods Whole Lotta Altis and Dynamic Universal War System which will provide countless additional single player hours and could be completely stand alone titles in themselves. Oh and the multiplayer, oh god the multiplayer. Wasteland, King of the Hill, Invade and Annex, Battle Royale, Breaking Point, so many Co-Op opportunities, the amazing looking upcoming Epoch (currently in closed Alpha). Im sure there are so many others that I havent even discovered yet. Each of these represent COMPLETELY USER GENERATED and totally disparate ways to play Multiplayer within the Arma 3 platform. By purchasing Arma 3, you immediately have access to each of these completely gratis and each could essentially be considered totally separate game. In wrapping up this lengthy review, Arma 3 is an amazing experience and a true accomplishment in game development. It is the only game in recent memory that I can say with confidence that I never get bored with playing. Bohemia Interactive has made it clear that they plan to support this game for years to come, and they have built something amazing on which the possibilities are truly endless. Purchase this game. Purchase it now. Thank me later. (IF YOU DO NOT FIND MY REVIEW HELPFUL, please leave a comment as to why. I welcome the constructive feedback.)
game-hours: 92.3
review: Children play Call of Duty Boys play Battlefield Men play ARMA
game-hours: 46.7
review: If you have friends, this is a great game to play with them. If you don't have any friends, this is a great game to play alone. If you don't have the game to play, get the money for it. If you don't have the money for it, get a job. If you don't have a job, rob the bank. If you get arrested robbing the bank, at least you tried.
game-hours: 2690.5
review: After some 1,400 hours on the game, I can say with FULL VALIDITY this game has ruined my life. If you like realistic physics, teamwork, and every form of warfare, this game is for you. 10/10
game-hours: 919.3
review: Can't tell you if you should buy it or not, but I can tell you this. You will find annoying bugs, highly requested features that isn't there and lack of content if you're not satisfied with what you have. But when you really get down to it, and experience some of the awesome scenarios you can get in multiplayer and custom sp mission, it's something magical you just can't find in any other game. Arma is not a game which you pick up at launch, play the campaign and a bit of mp, and then trow away. You buy it, love it or hate it, and then play it forever or trow it away immediatly. Arma is a game which you can never called finished. There will always be added to it, be it user or official content, fixes, features or optimizations. Hope I expressed myself correctly and that you learned something from it :) If you like realistic shooters and organized large scale multiplayer warfare, this will be your gem! I'll give it a 9/10, simply because: screw bugs, I've used hundreds of hours on Arma 3 that I would never take back. READ: I will not accept random friend requests! If you have a question, please post it in the comments.
game-hours: 958.1
review: It's not a good 'game' for newbies. No, it's not... I use to sit at a place and watch the sunset. I have no idea how to actually shoot, drive and complete missions. It's like my personal sunset simulator. And it's damn beautiful. 10/10
game-hours: 457.1
review: I have owned this game for a number of weeks now and I have been completely hooked. Great game for the more serious war gamer, not for those who prefer the fast paced combat that you get from Call of Duty series which I consider more for the younger gamers anyway. Arma 3 moves a lot slower and is more squad based than other war games, similar to Battlefield series only slower than that when playing online and you may find yourself on 10 minute helicopter rides just to get into the battlefield and you will be highly satisfied with each kill you make as you know a single round landed by your enemy could be fatal regardless of the weapon they are using. You will have to make good use of any cover you can find and hit the dirt as soon as you hear a bullet crack over your head and then very carefully survey the surrouding area and work out where you are taking fire from as it will usually not be obvious where the fire is coming from and you will find yourself having to hold up for 10-20 minutes in a single location (sometimes longer, I personally have gotten pinned in one location for over an hour) because you are either pinned by enemy fire or it is too dangerous to move forward. You will need to buffer up on your mic communication skills as most players use proper phonetics etc when relaying information to each other on the battlefield such as coordinates and other reconaissance. You can not respawn as quickly as you can in CoD if you are taken down by enemy fire so staying alive is more crucial than any other war game you have played and you wanna hope you are moving up with a squad that has a medic. The graphics are great, the game is a little glitchy at times and the controls take a little getting used to. I recommend buying this game to any serious war game enthusiasts who want to get as close to war as possible (unless doing paintballing or airgunning), and if you do buy the game - I recommend completing the whole VR Tutorial before actually joining a server or playing the Campaign as you will need to really learn all those different keys that may make the difference in a hairy situation in game.
game-hours: 280.1
review: If you're coming to Arma 3 as an Arma series veteran, you already know what to expect. For the most part, the game hasn't changed since the last installment, but then it's always felt a little bit like Bohemia Interactive are still building on the groundwork laid back in 2001 by Operation Flashpoint, in the world's longest ever game of 'development Buckaroo'. Thankfully, the whole thing has yet to fall to pieces in any significant manner; it's quite happy to continue wobbling uneasily for now. Arma has a reputation. It's known to be frighteningly obtuse, bewilderingly complex, and often hilariously broken. I can tell you right now that Arma 3 is no different, and absolutely still deserves that reputation. Thankfully, I don't think it's unfair to say that this is the closest an Arma game has come to being 'user friendly'. The controls have been tweaked, and the interface refined a little to accommodate more modern tastes. For these improvements alone, I do recommend it to newcomers to the series over any previous entry. Coming from any other modern FPS game, it will still take a good few hours of what can feel an awful lot like hard work to get to grips with the controls, but I honestly think Arma 3 will see a far lower 'drop-out rate' of newbies who were frustrated to the point of giving up by the previous games. At the time of writing, the elephant in the room is the lack of content available. When compared to Arma 2 (which is handsomely bolstered by an array of official expansion packs), the amount of hardware available to play with is frustratingly slim. In many cases, opposing armies are equipped with identical vehicles which get a slightly different paint job at best. For anyone used to the myriad of variants and oddments available in Arma 2, Arma 3 can feel awfully disappointing. Fortunately, this is alleviated to some extent by the strong mod community. It has long been the case that the best parts of the Arma games are the parts not developed by Bohemia Interactive themselves, and Arma 3 is most definitely continuing this 'tradition'. Nevertheless, I can't help but feel that the game could've done with a few months more time in the oven before full public release. Speaking of the mod community, I think it's criminal that almost none of the best, near-indispensible mods from Arma 2 have been officially integrated. For a self-professed 'war simulator', Arma 3 is hugely lacking in basic features like being able to rest your weapon on surfaces (even with a visible bipod), or tow damaged vehicles. For all its flaws, though, Arma 3 is still a blast to play. If you can find a decent group of like-minded gamers with access to a voice-over-net server, you're in for some of the best gaming you'll ever experience. Sure, you'll probably have to load up on mods to satisfy your need for variety. And sure, sometimes the game will crash spectacularly, or the physics engine will flip out and kill you for standing too close to a wall. But when you're standing on a hilltop, looking out over an enemy outpost with your squadmates while a CAS helicopter strafes an enemy APC and spots targets for a distant sniper team; when everything clicks together in the way that only Arma can manage, you'll be glad to have been along for the ride.
game-hours: 7.6
review: Playing at 8 fps such good wow Can't wait for new computer to max out at 60+ fps have to wait until xmas eve to get it whhhhhhhhhhy
game-hours: 206.8
review: Very fun but you ned a CRAZY computer to play, also not a wide selection of cars wich is why alot of people deciced to play A3L so that they got a better RP emperience
game-hours: 543.4
review: swerve
game-hours: 375.0
review: Best military simulation on the market!! Definitely worth your money!
game-hours: 995.6
review: most realistic action,shooter,strategy game of all times
game-hours: 26.9
review: This is the perfect military game and if you are into tactics and positions in a fight this is he game for you. With several thousand hours of multiplayer gameplay and dlc there is so much to do:)
game-hours: 246.6
review: Nice to play in a clan, Altis life is verry fun also. dislike some buggs 8/10
game-hours: 24.6
review: Poor Singleplayer, excellent and HUGE ( I mean really, really huge) multiplayer.
game-hours: 5.3
review: I want my money back !
game-hours: 48.3
review: Altis No-Life
game-hours: 72.2
review: AWESOME.
game-hours: 132.5
review: Was tasked with roadblock duty, then within the span of five minutes it esclated from mundane tasks of the average grunt to Joseph Mangela levels of war atrocities. I rate it 44/44 slaughtered civilians. Some major bravo sierra.
game-hours: 133.1
review: get rekt game
game-hours: 22.7
review: Terrible game, not even worth the money
game-hours: 98.4
review: WHY IS YOUR ING GAME BROKEN??!! I TRY TO INSTALL AND IT JUST DELETES ITSELF..
game-hours: 102.8
review: i could go on about this games outstanding attention to detail it fun and realistic play style sexy sounds and over all polish but no im going to en flam the  out of it. Why? well you already know the good parts time to bend this er over and smack the  out of it. first off optimization WTF its 20-en-15 and still preforms like a total en spud server no doubt its much much mcuh better then en arma 2 which was the most piss poor effort for "game optimization" id ever seen whats that is there a building 10km north you cant see better load that in yeah thats a good idea while were at it lets just flop it out and  on the lines of code that might do anything other then  FPS. now we come to the very very very cluncky general of the game whats that did you just en mag dump those 2 guys over there not even facing you? here let me have a en ciggy break then en load it in for the other guy or did you just want to move with out been some en special diet needy er thats goes ah sorry no i need en no gluten, skim, low fat, hi gi, reduced suggar, vegan meat taisting, halal approved ? ah yes and it needs to be 750ml or under or over kills me. i swear its like all the en guys you play as are like ah  me i outa breath after like 30m ah but their wearing en 30kg of gear yeah the  are you made of en  your trained to en do this its not en hard. by now this fruit cake is done NO IM EN NOT! what about when you want play the solo campagin yeah i mean the game doesnt have en  en difficulty spikes heres basic en tra- ah  china, america, russia are here and the other en green  you shoot yeah them their like en aids in the 80's everywhere and not at the same time dafuq!??!?!?! you'll hide behind a rock like yeah finaly they cant shoot me and then bang dead resart how ah yeah some stray  bullet bouced and en domed ya ah cool. AH you dont need to en play the single player dont i i think i en do as most games these days alread come deprived of a solid single player its like ordering a steak and chips and them saying you can have the chips but the steak the chips are good but you didnt order it for the en chips you wanted the en boner giver medium blue steak not for en battered spuds. ah yeah the games good tho  ya self
game-hours: 93.1
review: Why can't Arma 3 be simble to play with friends or remotely. This rarely works. I followed step by step with the ports and ip address. The firewall has been turned off. any advice?
game-hours: 252.4
review: awsome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 162.6
review: RPG , CO-OP , PVP , Wastleland are all awesome
game-hours: 545.2
review: The best game i have ever played. Sadly a lot of people will never get to try how amazing Arma 3 and roleplaying on Altis life servers is. Its so different from other games and i love it.
game-hours: 225.1
review: The most fun you will get from Arma 3 is when you play with friends, even if non of your friends play Arma 3 just go out there and make some friends.
game-hours: 129.2
review: I need a review for a badge here it is Meh
game-hours: 0.4
review: Bootylecious
game-hours: 90.7
review: This game is ing amazing but the only thing is i got ing banned for having loads of money on altis life :'( now i have to pay 35 to get it back
game-hours: 147.6
review: really nice game but just cost 60.00 dollars
game-hours: 740.5
review: Best game in my mind. Started playing ARMA 2 back when it came out and the amount of mods you can get for both is amazing but this game takes it a bit further. I can spend hours playing dress up and making meth in my underwear, nothing else compares. And if you want to play with milsim groups there are plenty out there. You can go diving with the female mod so you can have your babe with you, go sky diving then watch the sunset together. 11/10 will try to hit on that chick again.
game-hours: 2.3
review: It was very fun while I could play it whilst I had for free but now its been removed but overall this game is very fun and the multiplayer is very entertaining I highly recommend this game 9/10
game-hours: 75.4
review: I became actually generally proficent in combat knowledge and tactics with this game. Thanks, Bohemia; I can be soldier man now.
game-hours: 902.2
review: not really a fan.
game-hours: 42.4
review: Was awsome game. Was. thats the big word everytime i go to launch the game now it says initializing then crashes had this for couple months now no support at all from bistudios or any resolved solution from other forums it it worked more often i would recommend it
game-hours: 17.2
review: tidy game like
game-hours: 252.1
review: Worst than DayZ Standalone .Game always crash for no reason
game-hours: 0.3
review: sux
game-hours: 160.9
review: yersh das is gud
game-hours: 234.0
review: +Graphics +Multiplayer Best game i ever played
game-hours: 77.1
review: Best game in the series. By far.
game-hours: 4.1
review: An in depth game about; what else? Military combat and war. I love Arma 2 but this one expands on that and then some. 9/10
game-hours: 355.7
review: Recommending this game is a no-brainer. If you are even into shooters with a nag for realism Arma 3 is inevitable. The game won't let you in easily; it has a steep learning curve, and starting out can be quite frustrating. Also, you are less likely to find good public servers; it hardly is hop-on and play like CoD or Battlefield. The best way to experience it is in a clan or community group. Groups range from run-and-gun type gameplay up to strictly milsim stuff, so there should be something for everybody.
game-hours: 48.3
review: Amazing how this game works. Best game yet!
game-hours: 84.7
review: I love this game. It's got the realism, heart pounding action, and community that I love. However, it does have it's faults. It's main one is it's multiplayer FPS. In single player I get between 80 and 60 FPS depending on how heavy the action is, but the moment I join a multiplayer server (even one I host myself on a blank map) it struggles to stay over 20 with the same settings in the same areas. I have a pretty beefy rig as well, so unless you have a true monster, be warned. My specs CPU: Intel i7-4770K @ 3.50GHz RAM: 32 GB GPU: Nvidia Titan Z OS: Windows 7 Ultimate 64-bit
game-hours: 160.5
review: This is a fantastic FPS/TPS Shooter. For those of you who play CoD & Battlefield, this is hardcore FPS Here. Beautiful graphics, fantastic freedom, but whats the catch? Well, you need a MEGA PC To run this  game. Anything beyond a gtx 690 should run it well on. Not sure on AMD Though. Plz CoD 9 yr olds, do not ruin this game with your stupid raging. KTHXBAI
game-hours: 54.4
review: Tis good.
game-hours: 140.0
review: Hello im gona review Arma 3. Its a military First Person Shooter. This game has a pretty high learning curve with stances weapons modifications and other things. as i said this game is not your typtical shooter where u storm buildings and shoot fast firing guns.In this game u need strategy to complete missions. The guns in the game can kill people really fast so u need to be creative and not run and gunning. There is Coop,Singleplayer,Multiplayer,Even a real life Altis life gamemode. I would greatly recommend this game but be careful if u havnt played a game before or havnt played a arma at all its gona be hard to learn this so u must spend some hours just to get used to the mechanics.
game-hours: 89.8
review: If you need a tactical, teamwork filled adrenaline rush then ARMA is the place to be. You need to spend a long time learning the recoil patterns and even the wind speed changes how your bullets fly through the air. This game is not for the Call of Duty or Battlefield player who just likes to run and gun. There are lots of places to explore in the map because it's so big but in a gamemode like Domination or King of the Hill, you'll be deployed to one area only so it will be a close engagement in that place only. Lots of workshop content to keep you busy after that campaign is over but the muiltiplayer is where it's at. 9/10 - Only for the hardcore military player who loves teamwork and long engagements.
game-hours: 106.2
review: This is a really fun game with infinite possibilities. But it is buggy as hell sometimes when I enter a vehicle I die instantly
game-hours: 3.7
review: great!!!
game-hours: 183.6
review: This is definatley the best sandbox game out there, it has a great and creative community which have created amazing variants, such as Wasteland or King of the Hill. It is always action packed online and it runs smoothly on most PC's. There is so much to learn and do which is why I find it so addictive and would recommend it to anyone I know.
game-hours: 27.8
review: i like taking my pants off in a war
game-hours: 168.0
review: Best PTSD Sim 22/10
game-hours: 7.9
review: Clunky and boring as ever.
game-hours: 236.0
review: 10/10 I have probably spent too much time in this game! The game has so many areas to it so there is always more to do. For example, there is RP mods, DayZ like mods and even servers like CTF. It is so much fun and it is a total must have!
game-hours: 76.3
review: i havent played arma 3 for a long time but now wen i want to play i start the update and when its done it only says update paused and i have tryed to update it like 10 times but its the same every time.......  game
game-hours: 185.4
review: REGROUP,REGROUP,REGROUP! Arma in a nutshell.
game-hours: 97.7
review: Arma 3 in summary is simply brilliant! There are so many game modes and role playing games which lie within this game to keep you wanting to come back to this game! Along with a good community which mods and creates more fantastic games and scenarios to play The game looks great and sounds amazing along with the physics to the most part very good And the Military Simulation is epic and also intense but very fun to plan your strategic tactics to ultimately finish whatever goal you are faced with Arma 3 is great alone or with friends You can guarantee that the mass amount of time which you will spend on this game is spent well as the pricing of this game is fairly high Arma 3 is addicting and I would recommend this game to anyone! 9.5/10
game-hours: 44.1
review: Great Single player, FPS isn't too good even with good computer, Needs patch badly. Multiplayer isn't good as the FPS drops 1-20 FPS not good at all, Needs patch asap, since it has been out for a long time I guess they don't want to fix it at all.. Making packs without patching the FPS problem is a problem. Other than this is good graphics, and good game. Will not recommend till they fix the FPS problem, seems like a waste of money..
game-hours: 391.0
review: The Paragon of a Mil-Sim, it is more fluent, and less buggy then Arma 2, but some issues with it (like its  body armor system) Can way it down.
game-hours: 81.9
review: This game is well worth the cash. It has a pretty hefty price tag, I know but the gameplay is amazing. I can't describe how beautiful the game is even with a lower setting. With ultra, the game is just gorgeous. Arma 3 is so well optimized, you could be playing from medium to high in almost any decent rig. The number of things you can do in this game is almost unlimited. From tactical ground combat to flying multiple CAS & AA jets. Not to mention Various helicopters that come in civilian, armed or plain gunships are really fun with friends. Tanks, ranging from high armor and huge  guns to lighter Anti- Air tanks. Armored vehicles such as APC's to trucks equipped with fully automatic grenade launchers. Theres so many things you can do at almost any time. Having to master your flying skills to shoot down another jet or getting a kill 1100 meters away with a .50 cal sniper rifle gives you a surreal feeling and is indeed very rewarding. This game takes patience and with time and practice, it will give you lot of satisfaction. Further more, if for whatever reason you dislike the gameplay or get bored, (which is highly unlikely, especially with friends) remember that this game has an active community who constantly makes multiple mods of almost any genre all available for free at anytime. Zombies may interest you if you have moved from DayZ or the Dayz mod from Arma 2, in which both can be replaced with much better graphics and gameplay. 10/10 a must have game in your library!
game-hours: 304.0
review: $16.00 US for 2 bad helicopters, or to even be able to sit in the back seat of one No content No shotguns Buggy like every other arma game Realistic military/war simulation, helicopters and planes explode when they touch water. Impossible to try and survive a crash landing even if you are hovering and descending 2 mph Most  admins on any server It's fun I guess.
game-hours: 42.5
review: Alpha is . The terrain detai is seriously lacking. Shadow and lightening effects seem not to be working properly. And the most important thing is the performance is HORRIBLE! With 660ti, I am only getting 35+ fps putting on "medium" quality. Definitely looking forward to Beta and full game. But ALPHA IS JUST .
game-hours: 7.3
review: Arma 3.. I just don't like it. It feels incomplete. it's a great military simulation, but eh. feels empty, and very pointless.
game-hours: 504.8
review: Great game, a must have for fans of fps games. There are so many different things you can do with this game.
game-hours: 62.9
review: Its like Arma 2, exept this one has graphics.
game-hours: 0.8
review: im a casual lel
game-hours: 326.6
review: this is a great game hours of fun i played the altis life mod great will recommended to anyone
game-hours: 203.4
review: it's alright
game-hours: 676.1
review: Fan-freakin' tastic! Its all you'd want in a wargame, unfourtunately i cannot say the same about the download space. Still great game overall.
game-hours: 138.1
review: gr8 m8
game-hours: 74.2
review: Doesn't suck
game-hours: 31.4
review: put this game on sale again do it NOW please now DO it ple
game-hours: 793.8
review: this game is better than existence
game-hours: 0.7
review: I have never played this game but Steam still wanted me to write a review. I give this game a 0\0
game-hours: 22.5
review: Great Game...
game-hours: 449.3
review: Fantastic, but unfortunatly you need to find a good group to play with, but worth it all the same.
game-hours: 452.0
review: ! ! !
game-hours: 12.7
review: Arma 3 is a good game for everyone who likes the feeling of beeing in a warzone or just a solider driving cars and flying planes all around the map makes it a fun game that is hard to get sick of
game-hours: 1374.0
review: Buy it as !!! you never try you never know!!!
game-hours: 109.9
review: It's realistic in terms of graphics and gameplay. Lots of different game modes/mods which give the game a broad spectrum, thus catering for any type of player. DayZ players would enjoy it.
game-hours: 366.2
review: It has to be one of the best games i've played, and i have played almost every single console and pc game out there. just literally everything about the game is incredible. the realism, the gameplay, just its a truly amazing game i paid $59.99, im fine with that price for future expansion of the game... constantly updating the game. i currently play Arma 3 Epoch, and i really enjoy the mod, most of my hours are from the mod and i havent even tried the other mods yet. highly recommend the game to anyone unless your a call of duty fan boy or your a young kid. As soon as the marksman dlc comes out, of course i will be getting that. so if your on the fence with this game DONT even think about NOT getting it. The one and only one con to this game is gonna have to be the opimization. If you DONT have a intel chipset its gonna be very hard to run this game, i currently am using a AMD 8350 and i only get 30-low 40 fps in multiplayer server Standard settings with a GTX 960, so with me loving this game soo much i am currently saving a little money to purchase a Intel I5 4690k so i can run this game at ease with my card. So if you have a intel chipset and a decent graphics card, you should be fine with this game, and I HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend gettng it, if you dont like the vanilla game, the mods make it 200% better. Men Play Arma Boys Play Battlefield Kids Play Call Of Duty
game-hours: 1486.0
review: I did not have alot of time to play the game but the time i did play everything was pretty cool, the game aswell as the community. Not alot of 10 year old boys screaming in multiplayer wich was also a plus. So i recommended this decent piece of a game to all you dip.
game-hours: 106.9
review: In a game all about war, Surprisingly you dont get much action unless your in a tank or in singleplayer. The best moment I've ever had with this game is where your about to evac and your helecopter gets shot down, and you and the survivors with no comucation to HQ have to walk 10km while carrying a dead body of your comrade all the way back to the spawn. Just walking and talking with your fellow soldiers. 8/10 ~Agreenarrow
game-hours: 48.3
review: Altis No-Life
game-hours: 72.2
review: AWESOME.
game-hours: 132.5
review: Was tasked with roadblock duty, then within the span of five minutes it esclated from mundane tasks of the average grunt to Joseph Mangela levels of war atrocities. I rate it 44/44 slaughtered civilians. Some major bravo sierra.
game-hours: 133.1
review: get rekt game
game-hours: 22.7
review: Terrible game, not even worth the money
game-hours: 98.4
review: WHY IS YOUR ING GAME BROKEN??!! I TRY TO INSTALL AND IT JUST DELETES ITSELF..
game-hours: 1.0
review: Right from the git-go you are in a virtual reality which is basicly training, you get familiar with the controls and play it a few good 3 or 5 mins Then you get farther in the game and you realize, the entire game is about driving around a basicly endless map that has a few houses and such Pros and Cons Pros Fun multiplayer shooter, even eithout the multiplayer great level design Cons Really terrible graphics it haunts me to this day, like those targets AFTER the vitrtual reality looked like tan pieces of plastic The controls were so sencetive I couldn't go down a simple flight of stairs. My overall rating? 3/10 still better than cod though
game-hours: 5.3
review: Can someone please buy Arma 3 as a gift to me please :(???? You see, I am very poor and I just cant afford a game like Arma 3. I just love this intense game and it has a wonderful sensation. I wish I could just get my hands on it but I dont have the required amount of mey just yet. Im just begging anyone out there that is kind to buy me this game as a gift. It would touch my heart deep inside me ;). Im crying now as I type. If anyone out there has a heart that is strong enough to be generous I would Highly appreciate it :). Most people won't listen but it will be awesome. THANKYOU!!! ;)
game-hours: 66.4
review: I don't know what to say about this game but heres a pancake recipe! Ingredients: 100g plain flour 2 eggs 300ml semi-skimmed milk 1 tbsp sunflower oil or vegetable, plus extra for frying pinch salt Method: 1: Blending in the flour: Put the flour and a pinch of salt into a large mixing bowl and make a well in the centre. Crack the eggs into the middle, then pour in about 50ml milk and 1 tbsp oil. Start whisking from the centre, gradually drawing the flour into the eggs, milk and oil. Once all the flour is incorporated, beat until you have a smooth, thick paste. Add a little more milk if it is too stiff to beat. 2: Finishing the batter: Add a good splash of milk and whisk to loosen the thick batter. While still whisking, pour in a steady stream of the remaining milk. Continue pouring and whisking until you have a batter that is the consistency of slightly thick single cream. Traditionally, people would say to now leave the batter for 30 mins, to allow the starch in the flour to swell, but theres no need. 3: Getting the right thickness: Heat the pan over a moderate heat, then wipe it with oiled kitchen paper. Ladle some batter into the pan, tilting the pan to move the mixture around for a thin and even layer. Quickly pour any excess batter into a jug, return the pan to the heat, then leave to cook, undisturbed, for about 30 secs. Pour the excess batter from the jug back into the mixing bowl. If the pan is the right temperature, the pancake should turn golden underneath after about 30 secs and will be ready to turn. 4: Flipping pancakes: Hold the pan handle, ease a fish slice under the pancake, then quickly lift and flip it over. Make sure the pancake is lying flat against base of the pan with no folds, then cook for another 30 secs before turning out onto a warm plate. Continue with the rest of the batter, serving them as you cook or stack onto a plate. You can freeze the pancakes for 1 month, wrapped in cling film or make them up to a day ahead.
game-hours: 157.2
review: I RECOMMEND THIS GAME!! IT IS ALREADY IN BETA!! :D
game-hours: 4.3
review: I do not recommend this game unless you have dedicated friends to play with. I would wait for GTA5
game-hours: 392.6
review: holy  this game has more bugs and errors than windows 2000
game-hours: 17.4
review: Campaign is cool until you have to control your AI team... then it becomes kind of boring since the AI doesn't do quite what you asks of them and they end up dying pretty easily.. Mods seems to be ok although if you are an Arma 3 rookie it's a little hard to play at first. Cool game but wouldn't recommend it if it's not on sale though.
game-hours: 229.9
review: This game is very unrefined. If you play the campaign, use the ENDMISSION cheat because some of them bug and some of them are impossible (not kidding.) Some missions are fun. I went online and tried some multiplayer. Just some dudes driving around in vehicles, nothing fun there but I might try more later since I spent money on this game. Overall I don't recommend the game. It's clear that you need to modify the game with mods and scripts but the base game and campaing should be involving, fun and consistent.
game-hours: 8.8
review: What a  pile.
game-hours: 197.3
review: Ok so this review is quite short and you probably think it's really stupid but anyways. This game is amazing from the user created mods to the interesting missions and level editor. I got this game about a year ago and instantly got hooked to the King of the Hill mod my first day of playing it i got to about rank 12 and i loved every second. The next day i started playing some more but when i logged on i was banned why? No idea ws admin ban (random numbers i don't care about) I thought it was just that server so i tried joining another banned tried another banned until i realized i was banned from all servers. This especially sucked because i had just baught the game and i was not hacking i have played flashpoint arma cold war arma 2 arma 2 oa and never cheated/hacked in those games. Due to this incident i can not recommend this game as i wasted my money and only bothered to do this review now because i watched a RhinoCrunch video "Sniping 101" which was awesome and i hungered for arma but i never satisfied it.
game-hours: 204.4
review: Well, So far arma 3 has been an excellent game! Except for one problem. I CANT PLAY ANYMORE! So I get on arma and go to play wasteland and then I find a server, Join it, choose my role, and then i get the loading screen for the server. As i hear the arma 3 backround noises, Battleye justs ruins everything. "You have been kicked off the server (Client not responding) I would like it if someone from bohema or battleye did something about it. Ive only played for three days and this happened. I dont know how to fix it. So i spent $40 on a piece of crap that wont let me play. All I have to say is that Battleye should be removed. Theres thousands of more servers to go play on. Let them hack! How about you do the work instead of a client that doesnt work! I love arma 3 but sadly, this is what keeps me from playing it! This was 92% of the games I play. But iI cant play it because you guys wont fix it. So far WE HAVE! Ive seen other ways to fix it but none have worked for me. But instead of keeping players on by taking away some hackers (As in the ones that dont know what there doing) You taking away 1/3 of the population of arma! And the sad thing is, YOU KNOW ABOUT THIS! Its been on your forums! Its been sent to you! BUT YOU HAVENT SAID ANYTHING! I am just dissapointed that you made an excellent game that 1/3 of the people that bought it cant play! I just hope you read this and realize that your game is going downhill. - One less player
game-hours: 49.6
review: 9/11 would bang
game-hours: 2.2
review: The text wasnt showing up in the text boxes. Very frustrating.
game-hours: 42.1
review: Soo realistic that i can't tell the difference with real life and the game.
game-hours: 334.7
review: Arma 3 captivates you and draws you in with its beautiful graphics and scenery. Arma 3 has many different gamemodes from roleplaying an african drug lord to blowing the  out of a military base. 10/10 in my opinion
game-hours: 158.8
review: Get this game it is amazing. I've played 6 hours straight in one day. Yes, thats how good it is.
game-hours: 2.8
review: Amazing graphics!
game-hours: 107.8
review: Yeah  this game. Buggy as  and increasingly so with every god damn update they release.
game-hours: 312.1
review: Spent 60 dollars for this game played it alot played the alpha and beta to test the game then today got battle eye banned for no reason and can't play one of my favorite games ever, it seems like bohemia interactive is so cheap they have to use battle eye, a screwed up hacker security setup that bans people who do nothing I was on yesterday play altis life then today I get on to go play with a friend I get a ban message, they are too cheap to use VAC that actually works and doesn't ban people that do nothing it bans people that do hack and break the game I have also been banned on arma 2 OA and I sent a support message to battle eye, and bohemia interactive, and then I got a bot that messaged me back saying that I need to go to steam and I did I went to steam and I got a message from one of they're support consultants an actual person not a freaking bot I commemerate steam for this and I scould bohemia interactive and battle eye. I will be missing out on arma 3 life, city life, battle royale, and many other fun game modes because I get banned for no reason by battle eye.
game-hours: 1011.9
review: Starting to hat arma 3 beacause i every time i try downloading it wont download and dev dont even respond to you!
game-hours: 394.2
review: Its a nice Game.
game-hours: 811.6
review: Its Gud, k? k.
game-hours: 139.8
review: i got banned form all servers don't play this game it's a waste of money you get banned from one server it's all servers. unless i get unbanned i hate this game.
game-hours: 66.0
review: Arma 3 Is a great Shooter And just buying one of these games is like getting 6 There so many mods and cool game modes like, Epoch, Wasteland, Altis Life And king of the hill these r my favourite gamemodes but there are lots more it combinds elements of RPG FPS Survival and even racing. 50/10 Would agian Recomend 100x Over
game-hours: 193.7
review: 10/10 would die from random cars that explode for no reason again!
game-hours: 6.0
review: great game better than dayz
game-hours: 143.7
review: Arma 3 is a great game but still has quite a few bugs and framerate issues.
game-hours: 191.0
review: I absolutely love this game. There is so much to do and explore, the sky is the limit! I wish my computer ran the game enough, but I definately got my use out of it. It is very easy to set up scenarios with friends, such as rading a town or completeing a close air support mission. All in all, an absolutely AMAZING game.
game-hours: 71.4
review: >Went on Altis Life >Started smuggling drugs >Sold drugs >Bought a gun >Mugged people >Gets caught >Kills police >Is #1 most wanted criminal >Goes to a peach field to get food >Gets shot on sight 10/10 would be a criminal again.
game-hours: 10.1
review: "One. Engage that man. Half a klick." "Oh no. One is down. Fall back." Has some fish A.I, too.
game-hours: 15.1
review: Stress Simulator 2014 2 men on your squad just got picked off. Last known intel on the enemy was aprox 100m front. You don't know how many enemies are there, because frankly you're more interested in counting the bullets nestling in the trees and rocks you're hiding behind. Soon you hear the bullets being directed towards your comrades. You take your chance and decide to sprint to some cover on the left hand side. Bad choice. As soon as you start running bullets start landing at your feet and you dive forward. You don't quite make the distance but you roll on your side as you succesfully position yourself behind a tree that barely covers the width of you. You hear a soft thump in the ground next to you, and you immediately get up and sprint to your next cover. A loud explosion smashes through your ear drums, and you run once more beyond the explosion. You settle down in some bushes and crawl a bit forward. You notice bullets still landing in your last position. You take this to your advantage and peek around the tree. You spot an enemy marksman and rifleman firing on your squad members. You want to take the shot, but you are still shaking from the explosion, and don't want to risk blowing your cover. Just as sound returns to your ears, you hear someone on the other side scream. You poke your head out again and notice the rifleman is wounded and is now laying below a short hill clenching his wound. You feel a sudden ease within yourself and your mind goes empty. You take 2 shots at the marksman and he plumets to the ground. The rifleman notices and immediately draws his gun, but before he could ready himself, you pull the trigger. One last scream occurs before a sudden silence overwhelms you. You wait for a couple of seconds and look around you. The radio buzzes. "Clear." Now you only have 5km of distance to cover before you reach your destination, however there's no way you're continuing down the same path after that large gunfight.
game-hours: 595.8
review: Amazing game!, has many things to do and have never been bored playing. full of cheap dlc's you can easly spend 50+ hours on this game, for what it costs its worth it!
game-hours: 1112.5
review: Just finished the loading screen. 11/10 would load again.
game-hours: 286.0
review: This game has alot to offer and is really fun
game-hours: 651.5
review: Its Gucci.
game-hours: 69.9
review: I didn't know what to write about in my review, so here's a recipe for pancakes instead: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour 3 1/2 teaspoons baking powder 1 teaspoon salt 1 tablespoon white sugar 1 1/4 cups milk 1 egg 3 tablespoons butter, melted 1. In a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, salt and sugar. Make a well in the center and pour in the milk, egg and melted butter; mix until smooth. 2. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake. Brown on both sides and serve hot.
game-hours: 39.4
review: Graphics are very good and the open world is amazing. Make sure you have a godly computer if you want to run 60 fps though!
game-hours: 444.2
review: gud game b4 u get  8/8
game-hours: 259.5
review: Really great game i recommend many downloadable mods and playable servers for everyone to enjoy!
game-hours: 27.7
review: Hands down, the best combat sim out on the market!! On a scale of 1-10... I give it an 11!! By far my favorite PC game. Looking forward to all new DLC and up coming series releases. With rumors of Arma 4 in 2015 you know I will be pre-ordering!
game-hours: 15.7
review: Arma 3 i think incorparates some of the best shooting mechanics ive seen in military sim, how ever the mechanics overall can become quite clunky. You need a fairly beefy PC to make it look playable. it was gifted to me and i actually enjoy but i dont know if id invest to heavily into it. Its as close you want to get to combat and for that i give it a thumbs up.
game-hours: 44.7
review: >shoots ifrit >rocket goes through ifrit and hits countryside 10/10, would play escape altis again
game-hours: 1048.3
review: Arma 3 is a wonderful game. Within the main game, you find dozen of game types and mods. You can go ultra hyper realistic to just having a crazy experience. The mods alone make the game worth it. The maps are huge. This is my favorite game. So I will always gush over it and praise it. Go on youtube and check out the thousands of videos that show what this engine can do. PLAY THIS GAME.
game-hours: 156.1
review: Amazing game. Buy it!
game-hours: 449.1
review: I only have 4 favorited games in my library. This game is one of them.
game-hours: 45.9
review: Played Arma 3 for a half hour during free beta. Liked what I saw, definitely would buy.
game-hours: 7.7
review: It's like arma 2, but playable!
game-hours: 133.4
review: Yes many guns, much death. The struggle is real.
game-hours: 27.0
review: Benis
game-hours: 504.8
review: Great game, a must have for fans of fps games. There are so many different things you can do with this game.
game-hours: 62.9
review: Its like Arma 2, exept this one has graphics.
game-hours: 0.8
review: im a casual lel
game-hours: 326.6
review: this is a great game hours of fun i played the altis life mod great will recommended to anyone
game-hours: 203.4
review: it's alright
game-hours: 676.1
review: Fan-freakin' tastic! Its all you'd want in a wargame, unfourtunately i cannot say the same about the download space. Still great game overall.
game-hours: 138.1
review: gr8 m8
game-hours: 1.3
review: This game is aiming to be as realistic as possible with everything about war. It tries to concurent Battlefield (which concurents Call of Duty). That's a huge + What counter's my positive review is the fact, that on either default or lowest settings my FPS cannot exceed 20! You probably should not buy this game unless you have the highest level of the high-end gaming monsters.
game-hours: 11.3
review: I think they just tried to achieve something they couldnt. ARMA 3 just doesnt work as it should. Get ARMA 2 instead.
game-hours: 36.9
review: The best game i play on steam and my second game purchased
game-hours: 2.3
review: This game is too hard for me.
game-hours: 490.6
review: Graphics 8/10 Opitimized 4/10 Gameplay 6/10 Multiplayer Campaign 7/10 Mods 10/10 Overall 6.5/10 Now down to the deatils. The game's graphics amazing looking. The opitmization. Yeah that's not existing. It's like Dayz Standalone in it's early beta. So yeah... Mods for it great. Altis life, Takistan Life, CIty Life, Surfing, Arma 3 Life Mod. really great game. Plus Overpoch. Freaking amazing. Now to the campaign... Again... ALmost not existing. The campaign is about as boring as a math class would be on a friday afternoon. So would I recoomend tehe game? Well if you only want to play the mulitiplayer and the mods then I definitly would recoomend it. Plus if you rae into roleplaying games the mods for this game will be perfect for you. There very well designed and have great GUI's unlike somethign like Gmod Darkrp. Now if you want a war simulator... No not the game for you... Go back to Arma
game-hours: 314.5
review: Gr8 game 10 of ten I recomendz :-)
game-hours: 3.0
review: PC Cant Handle The Sheer Power Of The Game, Getting About 15FPS Some times Even 3FPS, I Even Upgraded my PC So i could PLay the game.
game-hours: 1309.1
review: Aweesome game, make simpler
game-hours: 812.0
review: Great game its also a terrible game its all one of the most buggiest games yet the funnest Buy it!
game-hours: 391.1
review: Its a very realistic Simulator one of the best and with pretty grapics but with its price i would only recommend this game to people who will play it often
game-hours: 117.6
review: Still buggy as previous arma's. A lot of frustrating desync. Not much main content, but big mod support. Not worth it.
game-hours: 612.0
review: Great game
game-hours: 0.3
review: poop
game-hours: 1199.6
review: Great game with a lot of potential to be something more than it is, unfortunately the game engine sucks. After more than 2000 hours on arma 2 and 3, its still the number one complaint. Maybe they'll get right one day? If you like Mil sims, get this. This isn't like COD, you won't be doing any 360 no scopes. You may be running to get into position for over and hour to get to your objective and for that one chance of a shot. Tactics is a must, there is no god mode. Do anything stupid and you will be punished severely. 7/10. (would be 10/10 if they had a better engine)
game-hours: 356.9
review: Just finished the main campaign, it was pretty fun and challenging.
game-hours: 358.5
review: Another great addition to the arma series
game-hours: 1442.5
review: Its alright i guess
game-hours: 27.9
review: rip baconland med leth
game-hours: 1.4
review: its awesome
game-hours: 439.8
review: I suggest waiting for it to come on sale, then it is definitely worth it. I will forwarn you, the game does not really seem complete at purchase. However, the modding community is amazing and their mods have not ceased in amazing me. I would strongly suggest the mods that add the old arma 2 units and maps (MARSOC and Spetznaz maybe on armaholic for units?). It is really great to go back and see these remastered maps, then playing on them with the updated engine.... WHEW BOY, thats some good stuff. Id say that finding people to play with is really important too, I dont do the altis life games, but i have friends that do and they enjoy it. Finding squads that are nice enough to allow pubbies on are generally the way to go. If you will be playing MILSIM, then for the love of all that is good.... GET TASK FORCE ARROWHEAD RADIO! It will enhance the gameplay experience tenfold. The only real con to it is that sometimes good games are few and far between, but the time you spend to find one is well worth the reward when you get to play! Make sure to star it in your server list. I am not a part of a squad, but if you really want to boost your gameplay, then i would strongly suggest it. Overall, Im not impressed by BI's work, but moreso the modders. (AND TO ALL THE MODDERS OUT THERE... THANK YOU :D) If you wanna game thats run and gun, this isnt for you. If you wanna game that will challenge you and put your skills to the test, this is it. I will honestly say one thing that pisses me off more than anything is the AI's accuracy, but it is possible to change. Nothing like getting capped in the head by and AI with a pistol 45 yards away... I would definitely recommend it to people who are tired of COD or BF, or are like me and never really liked those other two in the first place because I jumped into arma :P Enjoy it and have some good times, you may even make a friend along the way!
game-hours: 60.9
review: Played the free weekend, flew an attack helicopter in the Showcase menu, slightly pressed W, my entire helicopter went face down while 30 feet in the air, I pressed Shift + S to slow it down while bringing it up, it pulled up insanely fast, saved myself, but at the cost of the life of an AI, you will be missed, George.
game-hours: 612.0
review: Great game
game-hours: 117.6
review: Still buggy as previous arma's. A lot of frustrating desync. Not much main content, but big mod support. Not worth it.
game-hours: 161.2
review: Got in a truck. Didn't have a wheel. 10/10 game.
game-hours: 77.0
review: 1/10 would play arma 2 again.
game-hours: 356.9
review: Just finished the main campaign, it was pretty fun and challenging.
game-hours: 795.1
review: If someone asks me what is the best game I have ever played, then without contemplation, I will definitely choose ArmA3. It has the best graphic I've ever seen, it satisfies the ultra-realism I've been looking for (I thought BF series were realistic) and last but not least, it makes gamers to jump into game-making. I doubt games better than this would come out any time because I strongly insist this is the most breath taking and innovative game I've ever seen.
game-hours: 25.4
review: 7/10 - An evolution from previous installments. Nice graphics and solid simulation. Great squad placed multiplayer over a massive 400km sandbox. Lack of content hurts it's score although more is being released and developed. More campaign missions coming this December. Pros: Nice graphics, solid shooter simulation mechanics. More accessable compared to other titles but looses none of it's depth. Great combined arms MP. Cons: Lack of content, only a partial campaign. No training missions and still plenty of bugs remains.
game-hours: 11.5
review: I played CoD, it's ok I played Battlefield, it's cool I played this for a day... Meh. It's a game.
game-hours: 39.0
review: you cant fap
game-hours: 113.6
review: Always fun mods
game-hours: 29.2
review: If only this was set in an uncivilised country like Canada or Sesame Street and I could slay the queers and hang them from the back of my pickup and drive down a road in Pakistan.
game-hours: 54.1
review: In my opinion, It's not optimized for the PC, but If you have a beast PC and you like realistic war games get it.
game-hours: 90.6
review: Its the best, way better than arma 2, way better than i expected it. I highly recomend this to those who play Arma 2, or those who like combat games with huge free roam maps and tons of addons. 11/10
game-hours: 12.4
review: great game
game-hours: 0.9
review: 10/10 iGN
game-hours: 1.0
review: iF IT WORKED I WOULD LIKE IT
game-hours: 25.2
review: Great game i just dont like the fact that bans carry over from game to game.
game-hours: 130.7
review: why cant i run this ever time i click on the arma 3 short cut it brings me here
game-hours: 21.9
review: really good game fun and serious worth buying
game-hours: 78.5
review: well had game for a bit, not worth the $$ id say dont buy this game, this game feels like it was made for the year 2005. games choppy its not a smooth shoooter, mapes are boring looks like a shity run down russian cold war town..
game-hours: 795.1
review: If someone asks me what is the best game I have ever played, then without contemplation, I will definitely choose ArmA3. It has the best graphic I've ever seen, it satisfies the ultra-realism I've been looking for (I thought BF series were realistic) and last but not least, it makes gamers to jump into game-making. I doubt games better than this would come out any time because I strongly insist this is the most breath taking and innovative game I've ever seen.
game-hours: 25.4
review: 7/10 - An evolution from previous installments. Nice graphics and solid simulation. Great squad placed multiplayer over a massive 400km sandbox. Lack of content hurts it's score although more is being released and developed. More campaign missions coming this December. Pros: Nice graphics, solid shooter simulation mechanics. More accessable compared to other titles but looses none of it's depth. Great combined arms MP. Cons: Lack of content, only a partial campaign. No training missions and still plenty of bugs remains.
game-hours: 11.5
review: I played CoD, it's ok I played Battlefield, it's cool I played this for a day... Meh. It's a game.
game-hours: 204.3
review: At first I was like - (   ) But then - (   ) And then a bit after- (   )
game-hours: 4.1
review: nejdemito
game-hours: 30.1
review: if your pc can handle the amazingness then get it 123.5445454 out of 2
game-hours: 12.4
review: great game
game-hours: 46.9
review: why wont my game start?
game-hours: 153.1
review: my game says news offline and i cant see any severs what do i do
game-hours: 77.1
review: Best game in the series. By far.
game-hours: 76.3
review: i havent played arma 3 for a long time but now wen i want to play i start the update and when its done it only says update paused and i have tryed to update it like 10 times but its the same every time.......  game
game-hours: 95.4
review: .
game-hours: 506.4
review: Arma 3 and the rest of the Arma series is best enjoyed with either a good organized and not so serious group or friends. Since this game lives by it's user created content there is an editor included that let's you create you own missions. Let those be small or large, easy or tough, you are the creator. Not to forget the steadily growing amount of user created mods. This game is a simulator (sometimes for walking long distances), so do not expect any arcadey gameplay, you get shot, you may live and treat your wounds or you may die instantly. Tactical thinking is the key here and running head on is mostly the wrong thing to do.
game-hours: 17.6
review: Great game, truely is. Just if your expecting instant fun, like like you see on YT, just watch the videos, its more fun XD
game-hours: 8.6
review: This game sucks... straight up....worst $60 game I have ever bought in my life... its boring...and the controls are stupid as ****
game-hours: 77.9
review: Buy if you like hacking and greiving! Highly recommended if you are a cheater! Enjoy
game-hours: 426.6
review: bought the game - have been terribly unhappy with the slow rate of updates, the unoptimized graphics engine, and general lack of content. An open world with very little in it - not very much fun at all.
game-hours: 20.4
review: Most realistic, entertaining military gameplay i've ever experienced. I love how you can make your own senerios and play them. It makes the game have infinite sinerios.
game-hours: 55.5
review: game realistic and is stradegy if you like a fun challenge you should get the game
game-hours: 2374.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 0.3
review: This game sucks bad.
game-hours: 0.6
review: Good game
game-hours: 2.4
review: 10/10 would bang!
game-hours: 0.2
review: es bueno
game-hours: 122.1
review: Best game i ever played. 10/10
game-hours: 163.5
review: 10 frames per second of ing yes
game-hours: 22.5
review: Spawned killed many civs were the gun shop was then i saw one getting held up so decided to be nice so i shot the bad guy took his stuff nice gun btw then blew the civs head off with my favorite gun the m1911 *BAM* he fell to the ground dead Will do this again but i was kicked off the server 10/10
game-hours: 279.1
review: noscope simulator 2096
game-hours: 113.1
review: Arma 3 is for Real Cadets.
game-hours: 1483.8
review: it's a good game yeah.. 10/10
game-hours: 663.4
review: Unique experience. Highly recommended!
game-hours: 260.6
review: Great game :)
game-hours: 167.3
review: fantastic mil sim
game-hours: 49.7
review: Aweasome sequel. 8,5/10
game-hours: 200.3
review: Buy it!
game-hours: 50.3
review: good game <3
game-hours: 87.9
review: 420/69
game-hours: 8.9
review: >Plays offline 3 hours. >Decides it's enough. Goes multiplayer. >Buys a car >Teleported by a hacker in a strange place. >Gets a parachute from a guy. >The parachute was actually stolen. >Gets shooted by the guy. Best game. 10/10 would stole parachute again.
game-hours: 0.7
review: meh,it was ok . not enough isis . 7/10 too less isis
game-hours: 13.2
review: Love this game. Would recommend to anyone who has played the ArmA series.
game-hours: 8.2
review: Might be my favorite game.
game-hours: 36.8
review: this game is so cool
game-hours: 355.5
review: i bought this game for $60 and the next day there was a 50% off sale. Not even mad about it. 11/10
game-hours: 1.3
review: i really need to know how to get my money back
game-hours: 60.5
review: Iam starting to like this game,I will review this game again in a few weeks
game-hours: 50.3
review: refried beans go great with salsa
game-hours: 82.0
review: Wow - great game. I really wish I had tried it out sooner, although it is not on sale often. Get it on sale! *EDIT - OK, so Ive played like 20 hrs. I have to say, if this was released in 2013, and its on the verge of 2015 and the game is sooo f'n buggy and unoptimized - it really makes me wonder. That, in a nutshell, is the exact reason I held off on buying ARMA 2, or 3 until almost 2 yrs after initial release... and its still pretty crazy that I have to manually optimize memory and stuff to get even 1/2 decent FPS. And while reading all forums and stuff - why in the hell do I see some go-kart racing DLC? What the hell are they doing over there that they add a go-kart DLC over actually fixing the game? I really enjoy the gameplay (when it runs smooth) but wow what an unoptimized setup (and I have a pretty high end PC). I truly feel like I just bought an early access release. And by the way - do they have a proper english proofreader? I mean, I see typos, missing letters, and obvious grammar slip-ups that are easily noticeable. That alone should be a giant red flag. Well, I hope this gets resolved, but not likely since its been 2yrs since release... good luck Bohemia - if you keep releasing unfinished games, someone will inevitably replace you with a better, more optimized game. Just look at all those hungry game studios and devs - its going to happen if BI keeps putting out shoddy products. Thats the way these things work...
game-hours: 190.6
review: car physics, fatigue is pretty dumb. good looking , Runs
game-hours: 221.7
review: Very good army simualtor favorive in fact
game-hours: 29.8
review: 1-10 fps on medium settings, waste of money and time.  DLC pratices include sniper bipods and helichopter gunner slots.
game-hours: 36.2
review: awesome experience.!!
game-hours: 227.3
review: lulz
game-hours: 74.4
review: these rocks. Step on rock and died 66/6
game-hours: 202.3
review: Like Skyrim with Iranian soldiers that 420 noscope you from a 1KM with a 9mm pistol they used their  to shoot with.
game-hours: 4.6
review: is gay ok
game-hours: 19.9
review: Gud game 2 lern armee stoof
game-hours: 6.9
review: Bad.
game-hours: 22.5
review: Spawned killed many civs were the gun shop was then i saw one getting held up so decided to be nice so i shot the bad guy took his stuff nice gun btw then blew the civs head off with my favorite gun the m1911 *BAM* he fell to the ground dead Will do this again but i was kicked off the server 10/10
game-hours: 279.1
review: noscope simulator 2096
game-hours: 113.1
review: Arma 3 is for Real Cadets.
game-hours: 1483.8
review: it's a good game yeah.. 10/10
game-hours: 663.4
review: Unique experience. Highly recommended!
game-hours: 260.6
review: Great game :)
game-hours: 167.3
review: fantastic mil sim
game-hours: 49.7
review: Aweasome sequel. 8,5/10
game-hours: 200.3
review: Buy it!
game-hours: 50.3
review: good game <3
game-hours: 87.9
review: 420/69
game-hours: 0.4
review: great game good graphics if u like shooters get this
game-hours: 290.9
review: best damn game ever
game-hours: 173.1
review: Awesome!!!
game-hours: 279.6
review: LOVE IT !!!!!
game-hours: 702.7
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 506.0
review: Great game, would reccomend for anybody. Just read the requirements or you might be a game you cant run -_-.
game-hours: 1319.2
review: A realistc Game with a few bugs, but aweson to play in a team of tactical players!
game-hours: 44.7
review: 599  1C    2  .
game-hours: 62.7
review: literally sold everything in my inventory to buy this game. it was worth it 10/10
game-hours: 15.1
review: but how do u wite list
game-hours: 190.6
review: car physics, fatigue is pretty dumb. good looking , Runs
game-hours: 221.7
review: Very good army simualtor favorive in fact
game-hours: 29.8
review: 1-10 fps on medium settings, waste of money and time.  DLC pratices include sniper bipods and helichopter gunner slots.
game-hours: 36.2
review: awesome experience.!!
game-hours: 95.4
review: .
game-hours: 506.4
review: Arma 3 and the rest of the Arma series is best enjoyed with either a good organized and not so serious group or friends. Since this game lives by it's user created content there is an editor included that let's you create you own missions. Let those be small or large, easy or tough, you are the creator. Not to forget the steadily growing amount of user created mods. This game is a simulator (sometimes for walking long distances), so do not expect any arcadey gameplay, you get shot, you may live and treat your wounds or you may die instantly. Tactical thinking is the key here and running head on is mostly the wrong thing to do.
game-hours: 66.4
review: I don't know what to say about this game but heres a pancake recipe! Ingredients: 100g plain flour 2 eggs 300ml semi-skimmed milk 1 tbsp sunflower oil or vegetable, plus extra for frying pinch salt Method: 1: Blending in the flour: Put the flour and a pinch of salt into a large mixing bowl and make a well in the centre. Crack the eggs into the middle, then pour in about 50ml milk and 1 tbsp oil. Start whisking from the centre, gradually drawing the flour into the eggs, milk and oil. Once all the flour is incorporated, beat until you have a smooth, thick paste. Add a little more milk if it is too stiff to beat. 2: Finishing the batter: Add a good splash of milk and whisk to loosen the thick batter. While still whisking, pour in a steady stream of the remaining milk. Continue pouring and whisking until you have a batter that is the consistency of slightly thick single cream. Traditionally, people would say to now leave the batter for 30 mins, to allow the starch in the flour to swell, but theres no need. 3: Getting the right thickness: Heat the pan over a moderate heat, then wipe it with oiled kitchen paper. Ladle some batter into the pan, tilting the pan to move the mixture around for a thin and even layer. Quickly pour any excess batter into a jug, return the pan to the heat, then leave to cook, undisturbed, for about 30 secs. Pour the excess batter from the jug back into the mixing bowl. If the pan is the right temperature, the pancake should turn golden underneath after about 30 secs and will be ready to turn. 4: Flipping pancakes: Hold the pan handle, ease a fish slice under the pancake, then quickly lift and flip it over. Make sure the pancake is lying flat against base of the pan with no folds, then cook for another 30 secs before turning out onto a warm plate. Continue with the rest of the batter, serving them as you cook or stack onto a plate. You can freeze the pancakes for 1 month, wrapped in cling film or make them up to a day ahead.
game-hours: 238.4
review: this game is awesome for its multiplayer and campaign and dont forget the editor part, oh gawd how many hours i have spent on editor so yeah i recommend this game if you like action and tactical combat. the dlc's on this game is great, my personal favorite dlc is the heli dlc cause i love to fly helicopters in that game, it has also a go-kart dlc and that's very fun with friends to race with. so yeah i rate 10/10
game-hours: 136.0
review: ....__.(__)..__ .(__)l..l(__) ..l.=.ll..=.ll.=...l...__ ..l.ll..ll.l.(__) ..l.=.ll=.=ll..=..l.l..=.l ..l.ll..ll.l.l.l __..l.=.ll=.=ll.=.l..l..=..l ..l]\.....l.ll.=.l l)ll (..(_/..l .\l \..l .\/ \_. ./ l.. .l Slap the buy button.
game-hours: 2279.6
review: Best. Game. Ever.
game-hours: 668.2
review: Only played this a couple of hours. I'd say it's all right. Yeah, probably recommend it.
game-hours: 19.8
review: This is a great game and i think that you should play this game. This game has fun multiplayer and has mods like battle royel and atlis life.
game-hours: 67.7
review: spiritual successor to bad rats.
game-hours: 371.9
review: I love the realism and the many game modes! And there are so many awesome workshop scenarios.
game-hours: 171.0
review: I got a quad kill with a lightning bolt in Zues.
game-hours: 1094.0
review: A must have!
game-hours: 17.8
review: Best game ever!!!!!
game-hours: 0.3
review: yes
game-hours: 122.0
review: I PLAY THIS GAME ALOT GOOD GAEM YES FUN
game-hours: 293.4
review: The game is just amazing if you like Arma 2 you will definitely like Arma 3. If you never played that game get it now, you will enjoy it for sure, the simulation is good but not perfect since sometimes he have obstacle that normally in real life you will be enable to do,but you can't in arma 3.But yeah 1 thing is annoying is the crash sometimes you can get in Arma 3. Let me explain my experience when I started for the first time the game. First I open my game I go in multiplayer,and I join a server. All my keys where messed up, so I had to keybind everything after 15mins, I was almost done but I get hit by a car and die and my game crash. So yeah 10/10 would get bump and crash again!
game-hours: 13.0
review: I like the game, I played it on the free weekend but I couldn't buy it soon enough while it was on sale, so now I have to wait even longer to buy it, I just really wish they would lower the price because its been 60 bucks since the day it came out...
game-hours: 103.2
review: "A" is for amazing, "R" is for i'm not really sure, "M" is for magnificent and "A" is for amazing again and 3 lastly 3 times the amazingness (true fact...trust me I'm a doctor)
game-hours: 26.7
review: Arma 3 isn't for everyone, but if you love milsims then this game does it's job right
game-hours: 831.1
review: Best game i have played give this game 10/10 would recomend to a friend fawking luv this game
game-hours: 102.8
review: OLD REVIEW - Cause its swaggy get it rekt yolo#FreeWoman Was I high or something? New review is it's pretty good, runs great, and all that.
game-hours: 38.4
review: I've only played this in wasteland but i would say it is amazing.
game-hours: 4.2
review: Died of ladder bug 10/10 would uninstall again
game-hours: 1.0
review: wo2
game-hours: 67.3
review: decent game but rather shabby compared to arma 2, devlopers cud of done much better stuf but decided not to i cud of done much better job
game-hours: 35.4
review: my friend got downed and i carried him only to get shot in left nut 10/10
game-hours: 204.3
review: At first I was like - (   ) But then - (   ) And then a bit after- (   )
game-hours: 4.1
review: nejdemito
game-hours: 30.1
review: if your pc can handle the amazingness then get it 123.5445454 out of 2
game-hours: 161.7
review: Is good for shooting people with your gun.
game-hours: 67.7
review: Sorry to say but this game is wasted potential at this point. I hate to say it because you can see how much work they put into the maps, and guns, and im not a programmer but it seems like an amazing feat for a company this size, also the. I put 68 hours of gameplay exploring the content, and online, and trying to enjoy the game, and it is very good sometimes, mostly online. So what issues does this game have? Well first the A.I is still subpar, better than arma 2 but still subpar. Many times my entire team has been wiped out by 1-2 guys because they happen to not be facing them and don't react the way they should, OR one squad mate goes to the other side of a wall and gets shot, and no one comes to his aid. I have managed to be successful, but I have to control every single action of my team to prevent them from getting shot, that it takes away any fun from being a squad leader. The other problem was the graphics and UI of this game make it impossible to spot enemies, I know that they are wearing camofluage but the jagged looking foliage and low contrast make it unrealistically difficult to spot who is firing at you. I think that most of the people giving this game good ratings managed to find a good online server, because that is the only time you get competent teammates and the game could definitly be good then. But much like Arma 2, most of my time online was spent waiting to get picked up, or trying to find out where to go. not the devs fault, but it needs to be known for anyone thinking about getting this game. If you have the patience to find good people to play online with, than I could see the game being fun. If you have the patience to do this, and like simulators you could like it, but the issues this game has killed it for me. If they would just fix those 2 things, I would recommend this game, because they are major issues and would need to be overhauled completely.
game-hours: 210.4
review: bohemia did somthing right!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! love you bohemia but dayz fix it.
game-hours: 1473.9
review: This Game.......Its a large map sandbox designed game.It takes a beastly pc to run it however it will freeze alot over the time that you get it.The trick to learning how to be good at it is teamwork,strategy,tactics, and common sense.You don't need to be the best sniper in the game to have fun and be good at it.Every person counts in combined operations since every person is a part.It has a good modding community and in general a great game.
game-hours: 144.1
review: Amazing Game. So much to do and hours of fun. It is worth paying full price 10/10
game-hours: 309.3
review: The best game of the 2010s, I have to admit, it is even better than Skyrim. The level of simulation and reality in this game, coupled with the combination of fun and play is amazing. I never thought that a simulation could be this realistic and fun at the same time! Must buy, 17/10, ABSOLUTLEY AMAZING!!! You are an idiot if you don't buy this!
game-hours: 523.3
review: I have changed this to a positive review as originally i was very dissapointed with the vanilla of this, only with weapon mods and a3L will you have a fun experiance witht his game
game-hours: 679.0
review: Buggy as hell, Dlc is basically updates that should have been included in the game for free ? What the hell bohemia, I was excited for arma 3 to be released as i thoroughly enjoyed arma 2 Oa When arma 3 was relelase i was very disapointed I don't think i'll be buying another bohemia game due to the amount you ed your customers around.
game-hours: 145.1
review: Great game, 95% of community is literally cancer.
game-hours: 733.0
review: After the update with the launcher ARMA and Bisudio can GO TO IN HELL i uninstalled the game and hope they burn up in hell
game-hours: 633.8
review: Ground combat. Air combat. Underwater combat. Vehicular combat. THIS GAME HAS A LOT OF COMBATS! It's good but the armor system must die!
game-hours: 2.7
review: The graphics are amazing and weapons not to bad.. i have to recommend if you want a combat simulator go ahead. if you like battlefield/cod you will not most likely enjoy it to much...
game-hours: 63.0
review: ING BROKEN* SINCE NEW UPDATE....
game-hours: 119.3
review: Tl;DR game is gud, DLCs are  unbalanced . I Have been a Fan of bohemia interactive after the whole Arma 2 Dayz mod craze, i purchased and played arma 2 operation arrowhead and played the Dayz mod and base arma 2. year or two later arma 3 came into beta for 29.99. Naturally i purchased it after how much i loved arma 2. it showed so much potential, i fell in love with Arma 3. The game came out of beta a year or two later not a whole lot added but the core mechanics were there. April 1st 2014, The Karts DLC came to be, offered fun little karts for 4.99, still accessible with out paying that fee. November 4th 2014, the Helicopter DLC came out, offered new helicopters which i was very excited about. i did not have the dlc at the time but I was playing king of the hill and someone spawned in one the new helicopters. I was really infactuated with it, i went up to it to check it out and all i got was a little window telling me to purchase this DLC to have access to this content. I was a little upset but understandable its DLC. It is now April 11th 2015 the new Marksmen DLC just came out and i played it for the first time in a while. me and my buddy hopped on the new end game ctf game mode, everything seemed fine headed out to secure the intel. i hear a lot of distinct gun shots. the new VSS vintorez and the .338 lmg that i fail to remember. I spot an enemy down the street from me near the objective. I take cover, and then peek him with my vermin .45 acp submachine gun. i take 3 shots at him, he is hit notices my position aims and shoots me once in the body and i am immediately dead. Annoyed i respawn and head back out to gather the objective (Intelligence) the site has been cleared and me and three guys move in. i round by a corner and see an enemy player crouched in a firing position. I switch to fully automatic and spray my whole magazine into him (i mean why not) his player model visibly displays the damage done, and yet the man still lives! He turns to look at me with his large lmg (Chambering the new .338 Caliber round) and puts a round straight into my chest once again im put to the respawn screen. yatatata shoot more dudes, kill a guy (Miraculously :]) and attempt to retrive his fire arm. A little window pops up telling me to purchase the DLC to have access to this weapon. At this point i was rather upset, learning i cant use the new weapons without purchase of DLC, The devs even stated the game was lacking something in terms of weapons so this was created. So for something that should have been a free update (Kind of like the weapon resting and face paint etc;) i am quite livid, these weapons completely change the dynamics of fire fights and weapons in general. with these weapons chambering such large caliber rounds every kill requires 1 or two rounds to kill an enemy. How is it fair that because someone paid 15.99 they can decimate infantry as well as vehicles, one of the new DLC LMG's that chambers .338 can destroy almost 3 stryders with one "belt" so thats really fair. that people who bought the dlc have access to weapons capable of destroying the planet while im here with my  on my hand.
game-hours: 129.3
review: A game in which almost always when you die it is the games fault. Broken  piece of  in which you have to scroll through menus to do  which is very convenient when in the middle of a firefight, almost revolutionary I'd say. A simulator where the cars explode(!) when you crash it into anything. This is a game made by devs who have never played any modern games and take all their inspiration from their own past games and the only one that they made that was considered "modern" was the original operation flashpoint back in 1998 or something. All their games past that have imitated that game and Arma 3 design is still based on that game (Read: doesn't work very well anymore, or never really did) If it still isn't very obvious this is a rage post. I've played the game for over 100 hours for some reason and I continue to play it but I'm still convinced that 10 hours in Bohemias office and I could fix the design of this game.
game-hours: 168.1
review: Its ok
game-hours: 408.7
review: When its not glitching, its a great mil sim with a good engine. 15/10
game-hours: 64.9
review: I joined the police and then robbed the bank as an inside job. 10/10 like Skyrim with guns.
game-hours: 733.0
review: After the update with the launcher ARMA and Bisudio can GO TO IN HELL i uninstalled the game and hope they burn up in hell
game-hours: 20.7
review: One of the most realstic game i have ever played everything about it works for example: +graphics are amazing +Eventually 3rd and 1st person decent shooter +Nice storyline +Fun multiplayer Somthing however wasnt so great was: -Bit glitch (at times not alot) -Missions last forever I would rate it 9 out of 10 and i reccomend getting it!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 145.1
review: Great game, 95% of community is literally cancer.
game-hours: 185.1
review: Awesome game, I love epoch.
game-hours: 679.0
review: Buggy as hell, Dlc is basically updates that should have been included in the game for free ? What the hell bohemia, I was excited for arma 3 to be released as i thoroughly enjoyed arma 2 Oa When arma 3 was relelase i was very disapointed I don't think i'll be buying another bohemia game due to the amount you ed your customers around.
game-hours: 649.0
review: This game is very difficult but still awesome, different from any other fps/tps. Get it.
game-hours: 16.7
review: Best sequal to minecraft since call of duty.
game-hours: 102.9
review: If you like realistic warfare games than you'll love this!
game-hours: 168.1
review: Its ok
game-hours: 633.8
review: Ground combat. Air combat. Underwater combat. Vehicular combat. THIS GAME HAS A LOT OF COMBATS! It's good but the armor system must die!
game-hours: 63.0
review: ING BROKEN* SINCE NEW UPDATE....
game-hours: 119.3
review: Tl;DR game is gud, DLCs are  unbalanced . I Have been a Fan of bohemia interactive after the whole Arma 2 Dayz mod craze, i purchased and played arma 2 operation arrowhead and played the Dayz mod and base arma 2. year or two later arma 3 came into beta for 29.99. Naturally i purchased it after how much i loved arma 2. it showed so much potential, i fell in love with Arma 3. The game came out of beta a year or two later not a whole lot added but the core mechanics were there. April 1st 2014, The Karts DLC came to be, offered fun little karts for 4.99, still accessible with out paying that fee. November 4th 2014, the Helicopter DLC came out, offered new helicopters which i was very excited about. i did not have the dlc at the time but I was playing king of the hill and someone spawned in one the new helicopters. I was really infactuated with it, i went up to it to check it out and all i got was a little window telling me to purchase this DLC to have access to this content. I was a little upset but understandable its DLC. It is now April 11th 2015 the new Marksmen DLC just came out and i played it for the first time in a while. me and my buddy hopped on the new end game ctf game mode, everything seemed fine headed out to secure the intel. i hear a lot of distinct gun shots. the new VSS vintorez and the .338 lmg that i fail to remember. I spot an enemy down the street from me near the objective. I take cover, and then peek him with my vermin .45 acp submachine gun. i take 3 shots at him, he is hit notices my position aims and shoots me once in the body and i am immediately dead. Annoyed i respawn and head back out to gather the objective (Intelligence) the site has been cleared and me and three guys move in. i round by a corner and see an enemy player crouched in a firing position. I switch to fully automatic and spray my whole magazine into him (i mean why not) his player model visibly displays the damage done, and yet the man still lives! He turns to look at me with his large lmg (Chambering the new .338 Caliber round) and puts a round straight into my chest once again im put to the respawn screen. yatatata shoot more dudes, kill a guy (Miraculously :]) and attempt to retrive his fire arm. A little window pops up telling me to purchase the DLC to have access to this weapon. At this point i was rather upset, learning i cant use the new weapons without purchase of DLC, The devs even stated the game was lacking something in terms of weapons so this was created. So for something that should have been a free update (Kind of like the weapon resting and face paint etc;) i am quite livid, these weapons completely change the dynamics of fire fights and weapons in general. with these weapons chambering such large caliber rounds every kill requires 1 or two rounds to kill an enemy. How is it fair that because someone paid 15.99 they can decimate infantry as well as vehicles, one of the new DLC LMG's that chambers .338 can destroy almost 3 stryders with one "belt" so thats really fair. that people who bought the dlc have access to weapons capable of destroying the planet while im here with my  on my hand.
game-hours: 129.3
review: A game in which almost always when you die it is the games fault. Broken  piece of  in which you have to scroll through menus to do  which is very convenient when in the middle of a firefight, almost revolutionary I'd say. A simulator where the cars explode(!) when you crash it into anything. This is a game made by devs who have never played any modern games and take all their inspiration from their own past games and the only one that they made that was considered "modern" was the original operation flashpoint back in 1998 or something. All their games past that have imitated that game and Arma 3 design is still based on that game (Read: doesn't work very well anymore, or never really did) If it still isn't very obvious this is a rage post. I've played the game for over 100 hours for some reason and I continue to play it but I'm still convinced that 10 hours in Bohemias office and I could fix the design of this game.
game-hours: 114.1
review: Single player 0/10 Very difficult. Lots of useless running. No real intro to gameplay. Boring. Multiplayer 10/10 Lots of fun to do, game has unlimited potential, and great RP servers. Graphics 8/10 Although stunning, they tried to go realistic, and I do not understand this approach. We know we are in a chair, dazzle us, wow us. Cost to Value Rating 10/10 The idea behind arma 2 and 3 is really lost on me; I find all the good content to be from multiplayer servers that build thier own content. And it is great! And fun. Its 10/10 because the game will last more than a few hundred hours, and a few years. It is not your average CoD, and I am currently aware of large number of players still supporting Arma 2. I would consider it an investment like Counter Strike. It is the kind of game that will update (mostly) for free and the content and player base will stay fun for many years. The community on some online RP servers are very mature gamer oriented; when you die you lose everything, so people respect yours/thier investment into the character and having meaningful interactions. There is a considerable amount of dlc to be bought. I currently own NONE of it. And NEVER intend to buy any. I am having a blast playing online without it. (There is about 75$ worth of dlc I do not have.) Why, if this game so great, don't you buy the dlc? Bohemia as a company is the worst. Ask any DayZ standalone player who has had it since the beggining; they do not give a single care about anything but money. I said to my self, I would NEVER purchase a game after DayZ, being the overpriced peice of garbage it is, but... The game play is so fun. And my friends wanted me to play, and I played with them and it made it worth it. It is like buying gas. We hate the oil companies and all the bad they do (BP and thier oil spill), but we love gas. For many reasons. TL;DR Game is superfun through multiplayer, DON'T buy dlc.
game-hours: 27.4
review: This game is awesome ;)
game-hours: 1.3
review: the aiming and shooting is , ive tried everything i could think of, changing mouse sensitivity and quality but it doesnt seem to have any kind of effect at all, its unplayable, waste of money
game-hours: 709.0
review: There is a lot to say about this game, I don't even know where to start. Arma 3 is an excellent open world military sandbox, with a focus on realistic elements, and endless possibilities. The infantry play is simply superb, the combat feels extremely fresh and different from other games. The part I love the most about it is that it gets the VERY BASICS right. Rounds are fired from the muzzle of the weapon model itself (rather than from the center of the screen, unlike just about any other FPS), there is the ability to move your head around, and you can see your own body and legs in first person. The maps are huge and detailed, without mentioning the plethora of user-made maps. You can also download maps from the previous games. There is a map editor that let's you do anything, and I really mean it, ANYTHING that you have in mind. Which translates to endless fun. Want to make an urban infantry firefight in the middle of a city? You can. Want to make an air battle with jets and helicopters, and take part in it, or simply watch it from the ground, in the middle of the night? You can. Want to make a tank battle? A combined arms war? A scripted campaign-like mission? Want to just spawn 300 goats at once? All up to you. Co-op with friends is simply one of the most thrilling and fun activities you can experience in PC gaming. PVP combined arms battles with 90 players can be downright insane (although it can be laggy as hell). This game never feels old, given the regular, huge updates, which add core game mechanics to the game (without mentioning the gigabytes of various fixes and improvements). The developers are very active, from discussing with customers to implementing feature requests (even very big ones such as weapon resting and bipod deployement, firing from vehicles, sound overhauling, etc.) And to top it all off, bees cast shadows.
game-hours: 357.4
review: when do u get rid of your global ban i did have it over 1 years and 4 months
game-hours: 150.3
review: Absolute crap in recent updates have always been a loyal ARMA player but Optimization in the last few updates have made the game unplayable on mid-high range systems you need a BEAST of a rig to run this game now i stronlgy reccommend for the averge player dont waste your money on this anymore
game-hours: 183.7
review: Amazing i love it its so realistic :D would say its a amazing game.
game-hours: 1.4
review: Arma 3 is the biggest pile of  I have ever played. It is the worst game engine on the planet and is not optimized at all. It makes gaming pc explode. Its terrible like its gameplay! Do not buy this game at all, for your own safety!
game-hours: 32.2
review: worst game ever i played whats this  graphics and  graphics engine ?????!!!! it eats graphics card without give u at least good graphics note : card is gtx 660 ti sc , ram 16 gb ram and p is core i7 3770 k laggy graphics ,low fps, high ping and high bandwith u need a super computer and 10 mb connection to play this at high graphics and u will still laggy go and see battlefield graphics or games which depend on havok engine how graphics is awesome at long range without any lagg att good pcs
game-hours: 200.0
review: Reviewing games are boring as ..
game-hours: 566.5
review: This game is awesome, i once hit a tank with a hunter, blew him up and no damage to my hunter. Physx's are also amazing i mean like just hit a bump in a atv and does 3 backflips and also IGN rated 69/10
game-hours: 342.1
review: Love it currently at 342+ hours if you loved Arma II you will definetly like this!
game-hours: 2.7
review: The graphics are amazing and weapons not to bad.. i have to recommend if you want a combat simulator go ahead. if you like battlefield/cod you will not most likely enjoy it to much...
game-hours: 890.2
review: Great game with an insane amount of re-playability! Super user-friendly, especially if you've played Arma 2 for some time, as most things are identical (controls wise). Some great mods to play, nice engine, decent FPS and VAC and TrackIR supported! If you're looking for a great combat simulator or just want a fun sandbox game to mess around on, then Arma 3 is the game for you!
game-hours: 355.5
review: Best game, no denying it.
game-hours: 27.4
review: This game is awesome ;)
game-hours: 250.7
review: If you are into the simulation theme warfare games then this is definatly a game that would fit you. I think it's a must get for any gaming enthusiast out there!
game-hours: 269.5
review: FPS EATING GAME!
game-hours: 30.9
review: good the game
game-hours: 232.5
review: Very good war simulator game, no easy peasy BF/CoD stuff. Good graphics, good sounds, large map, alot of game modes and mods, the realism on the bullets etc. Absolutely awesome on Invade gamemode as being dropped on 2-5km away and after that have to silently get on the objective, the communication of the team and CAS. Only thing that is bad is the performance on Multiplayer, some bugs on the doors and inside the buildings and stairs.
game-hours: 802.3
review: This game isn't that bad, it lacks quantity of weapons and vehicles though. I would have to say in the long run, ArmA 2 and ArmA 2 OA are better in terms of quality and quantity.
game-hours: 65.0
review: 9/10 IGN WOULD PLAY AGAIN
game-hours: 37.4
review: 10 cheeseburgers out of 10
game-hours: 39.4
review: I was talking to a guy in a courtyard and a tank out of nowhere squished him. So I stole his gear, then a guy came over a started shouting "ahahahahahhahahahhhhhhhhhahahah" with unusual music in the background while placing a Satchel Charge on the floor nearby and set it to 1 second, he then said "fly me too the moon". I've always wondered if he fulfilled his dream of space flight.
game-hours: 76.0
review: I CAN DYVE UNDER TEH WATERZ NAO ERMAHGERD SO KEWL
game-hours: 63.1
review: Sexy.
game-hours: 20.6
review: If you like  controls and lack of immersion this game is for you!
game-hours: 116.4
review: just don't think of this game as another brainless shooter-runner, this is infantry tatical sim i think. it makes you feel your motal. if you like counter-strike, this may make you crazy. but if you are a sim-gamer, this suits you for the infantry part.
game-hours: 34.9
review: I played it a little bit, but my computer had problems, but from the footage that I have seen it is a great game and if you can run it, you should get it.
game-hours: 36.2
review: good
game-hours: 4.3
review: its boring and you wont know what to do switching back to call of duty s
game-hours: 13.5
review: It's a great game. It lags alot if you have bad internet. It lags alot for me, but I play it for a week and I wanted to get a refund because it's boring and I could buy a world at war and Gta 5 if you are getting to Deluxe Digital Arma 3.
game-hours: 0.3
review: it was fun willl it llasted
game-hours: 1123.1
review: 8/10 Excellent game, great tactical shooter with first person and third person perspective. Lots of game modes and even more coming out all the time, so many to name and not enough words for them all. Great Campaign very challenging with many challenge modes to also play. Play with friends or by yourself in land, sea and air combat. Weaponry ranging from Pistols to Rocket launchers ATV's to Tanks Hummingbirds to Jets.
game-hours: 2.6
review: Just from the short amount of time I managed to play this, I already find it impossible to recommend. And browsing through both the Steam and Bohemia forums, seems like a lot of other people suffer the same issue that prevents me from doing so. It runs like . Complete, total . And not the good kind either. Like, no matter what settings I go on, it framedrops between 10 and 30. And this is singleplayer. It also controls like . It's a shame too, because the world and game looks nice and I'd like to explore it. Oh well. Save your money and buy something that actually runs at a playable framerate.
game-hours: 23.9
review: Eh. I'm gonna plug away and play this to the end someday, but even if you buy it now and aren't affected by the fact that the initial release contained maybe one fifth of the final content they slowly leaked out to users, there are still so many issues with this game that it's not really that fun to play. Yes it's realistic I suppose, if you don't count the fact that you can be shot in the face by a man with the vision of an eagle and the aim of a robot, who is so far away or hidden behind bushes that you can't even see him, but it's not fun to play. Consider the mines in the forest of the second level that you can't detect, and kill you, forcing a checkpoint restart and a frustrating trial-and-error progression through the area again and again. Consider the checkpoint about 5 minutes along from that one that is placed at the start of a 3 minute march, followed by a battle that, if you die during it, makes you start back at the beginning of the eventless 3 minute march. Consider these issues exacerbated by the manual save system that only lets you save at certain times, effectively dooming you to long endless stretches of replaying and replaying until you can slog through whatever ery they stick in front of you. Consider the poor optimisation that leaves the game chugging on a high-end pc, and still displaying all kinds of low-res textures anyway. Consider the frequent updates that corrupt your save files and render them unplayable. Consider the lack of a co-op campaign - one of the few things that made the buggy mess of ARMA II fun, and literally the only reason I bought this game in the first place. Perhaps I should have done my research, but then perhaps I had no idea what the total content of this game would contain when it bought it and was shocked to find it bare-bones, until they released the last of it months after I purchased it. In some ways it's a vast improvement over its predecessor - it looks much better, and the confusing and encyclopedic control system is explained MUCH better. The mission objectives are also a lot clearer, and completing a given mission isn't as much of a 'pray that you're in the wrong place rather than that the game as bugged out' scenario. But I still I don't know what Bohemia were attempting with this - so many design choices leave me tearing my hair out in frustration (why on earth would it take them months after release to add a tutorial section to the game? Should that not have been one of the first pieces of content released?). However, I suppose that most of my gripes regarding content have been resolved at this point, so at least that's a plus for those considering whether to buy, but all the odd little design quirks combine together to make playing this game a minefield in itself. One wrong move and you're ed. I do not recommend this game.
game-hours: 7.4
review: This game is trash. Arma 2 with updated graphics and controls. You cant run for more than 10 seconds at a time because EVERYONE IS OVERWEIGHT apparantly. Just ruins the game. Cant go anywhere quickly unless its in a vehicle. AWFUL... was going to buy if it was like 10 bucks at christmas sale but not anymore. This game blows just like arma 2. The only thing arma 2 had going for it is dayz mod. and even that got old.
game-hours: 3.3
review: This game is buggy as , have fun clipping through walls and spawning outside of the map, physics... it's like from one of those indian movies, if you hit something you gonna feel the impact after few seconds. Do not buy this game.
game-hours: 70.9
review: i have a 3000$ pc and i cant get 30 plus fps 4.20/6.90
game-hours: 47.9
review: unoptimized, has  game modes i can get in garrys mod, all game modes require you to suck the admins male sexual organ just to get in, and good luck if you can find your friends, because this piece of  doesnt even tell you, no, it's not ing unrealistic to show you where your friends are, and it doesnt make the game more realistic, it makes it annoying and stupid. Overall, im glad i didnt spend 30 or 60 bucks on this astraphy because this game sucks major monkey caca, 2/10 id rather play duke nukem forever
game-hours: 0.6
review: what? how can I write a review? I don't even have this game... -_-
game-hours: 257.7
review: i really don't give a  about this game until ace and acre is finished for this 0/10
game-hours: 20.8
review: gay
game-hours: 126.0
review: my dang multiplayer servers aint popping up in the server section why it do dis its a good games but that glitch sux
game-hours: 69.6
review: While crawling at the amazing forest enjoying sights you're spotting an enemy in a bush 5 meters from you. You're making a 3 well-placed shots right into his unprotected face from your heavily modded fictional MXC(whatever that means). Blood animation confirms that you've been successful. Enemy runs into the other bushes. He probably HEAVILY injured.. This is what Arma3 is. Unpolished, unfinished game with fictional weapons on a map that makes you feel yourself an alien. They should really expanded Eastern Europe theme instead =\ Arma 2 Wasteland > Arma 3 Wasteland
game-hours: 69.6
review: While crawling at the amazing forest enjoying sights you're spotting an enemy in a bush 5 meters from you. You're making a 3 well-placed shots right into his unprotected face from your heavily modded fictional MXC(whatever that means). Blood animation confirms that you've been successful. Enemy runs into the other bushes. He probably HEAVILY injured.. This is what Arma3 is. Unpolished, unfinished game with fictional weapons on a map that makes you feel yourself an alien. They should really expanded Eastern Europe theme instead =\ Arma 2 Wasteland > Arma 3 Wasteland
game-hours: 0.7
review: The title of this game should be Walking Simulator 2013 instead of Arma 3. Thank god I played this during the free weekend, because if I bought this right away, I would have done anything to get my money back. Multiplayer is quite basic and simple. Spend 10 minutes looking for a car, drive 30 miles, find someone, get killed, repeat until you get some sense knocked into you. That's Arma 3's multiplayer in a nutshell. "Realistic" shooters aren't always the best shooters, and this game proves that point. I honestly would have played Call of Duty: Ghosts instead of this. ON PC. That's how bad it is. Don't buy this game, save your money. It's not even worth buying during huge sales. If you want a survival shooter, get DayZ, not this.
game-hours: 2.1
review: Terrible optimization, controls, plot and animations. Most of servers have "white list" so they will kick out as you join them. When you find a "good" server all you play is a walking simulator and not a war game. I am not a Call of Duty or Battlefield fan but i think they are good games if you compare them to this. Also, people pretend this war game is "realistic". No, it's not. The only realistic thing is the boredom
game-hours: 867.3
review: Worst game ever
game-hours: 268.6
review: Downloaded Game into steam, Played for 40 Hours total. Game disapeared from computer. Redownloaded, Played for a while, Game disapeared again. As someone with a download cap and 2 other gamers in the house, was. not. impressed.
game-hours: 28.6
review: This game has not worked on my machine. I bought it, but there is no way to get a refund, or sell it or anything. When I go to the makers of the game, they say to go to steam for a refund. When I go to steam, they so go to the other guys. 60.00 down the drain for a game that I cant play. This will be the last game I download, and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone
game-hours: 94.1
review: Don't even get me started with this .
game-hours: 159.1
review: Game runs like . Period.  it.
game-hours: 2.0
review: too expensive
game-hours: 192.4
review: dis gam suks
game-hours: 2.1
review: Terrible optimization, controls, plot and animations. Most of servers have "white list" so they will kick out as you join them. When you find a "good" server all you play is a walking simulator and not a war game. I am not a Call of Duty or Battlefield fan but i think they are good games if you compare them to this. Also, people pretend this war game is "realistic". No, it's not. The only realistic thing is the boredom
game-hours: 867.3
review: Worst game ever
game-hours: 609.7
review: Literally the best military simulator on the market. Not the Vanilla content perhaps, but it serves as the greatest platform for the mods that people create. Immersion factor is basically 11/10, stop reading this and buy the damned game.
game-hours: 68.7
review: like am relly a sowjer, gunz an tankz anss then big asplowshunz
game-hours: 17.8
review: game of the year
game-hours: 5.8
review: The controls and gameplay are way too clunky for me. I don't get the appeal it has for people, maybe I missed something?
game-hours: 20.1
review: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU LIKE TO ROLEPLAY AS A MILITARY DUDE OR SOMETHING. YOU WILL LITERALLY WALK AROUND FOR 8 HOURS TRYING TO GET TO ONE PLACE. If you really like that kind of stuff, why not just join the army ?
game-hours: 28.7
review: Game requires a very good computer with high level specs in order to run at 30fps or more even on low graphics. I can run Arma 2 on high graphics but for some reason I can barely run this game on low.
game-hours: 422.1
review: Cars in this game are absolutly terrible.. Not to mention the mad desync, causing you to crash your vehicles into your friends, and ending any chance of a successful fun game. Honestly. TOO BROKEN.
game-hours: 10.2
review: ing attriociuos game, spend an hour running to get shot by a bush biggest joke of a game ever. Its not even ing finished it looks horrible and runs horrible but thats what u should expect biggest no way Bohemia would optimise the game even slightly. I can run crysis 3 settings maved out completely solid 70fps i run this  piece of a game at 30 at max and when i change the settings to as low as possible i get 20fps. WHAT THE  KIND OF  ARE YOU MAKING FINISH YOUR ING GAMES. The only reason this  house company is still around is because of ing dayz and that is even . awful game 0/10 for effort -100/10 for not giving a   you.
game-hours: 25.7
review: sucks since i cant play on any of the online servers. i have the same problem with arma ll. i would highly suggest this game if everything was just one simple download, but its not. i tried getting arma 3 and arma ll to work  welll as the dayz mod and i have had no luck.
game-hours: 3.7
review: I think that Arma 2 is better. Arma 3 lacks the atmosphere.
game-hours: 179.7
review: If you want to buy this game to play coop with your friend - never try do this. The only reason to do it is if you want to see "server is not responding" all the time you want to connect. It is very strange that such an easy issue is still not solved in 2014. Don't spend your money on this game.
game-hours: 0.2
review: Did not like it to much... Overhyped and booring
game-hours: 7.8
review: If you like playing with 15 fps this game is for you.
game-hours: 11.5
review: hella gay
game-hours: 551.6
review: You may or may not have some FPS problems. This is not Call Of Duty or Battlefield. Fly some planes, Drive some cars, shoot some stuff. Also there is mod support.
game-hours: 11.0
review: ARMA III HELICOPTERS While exiting a helicopter it hit me and I died. I tried again and my parachute didnt deploy. I tried again and I died from hitting the air hard enough(WTF) ARMA III GROUND VEHICLES My tank hit a fence and broke down. My truck did a flip on a 1 cm high pebble and crushed me. A quad bike nipped the back of my truck which caused it to explode as if it was hit by a rocket. ARMA III PVP People go under the ground and shoot you. You get fatigued from walking 2 metres but a red dot sight will cure that for you somehow. You swap kills a lot because of lag. ARMA III GRAPHICS Graphics can be good but high end computers lag. ARMA III FUN Doesnt exist.
game-hours: 3.4
review: This is by far the most dumbest and worst game I've ever played, the misions are ing horrible, nothing happens in 30 mins and then only 3 guys pop up and then nothing happens for another 30 mins. If you are ready to start hating yourself then buy this game and regret it forever. It's was a mistake buying this
game-hours: 90.2
review: Most realistic army simulator? more like the most realistic b*llsh*t simulator. This game is about as unrealistic as whales with detachable pen*ses that fly to jupiter and f*ck jupiters babies while on steroids. I can name 3 games more realistic than this right now. World of Warcraft. Toontown. Fapville on steroids extreme. THOSE ARE ALL 10x MORE REALISTIC. But if you wanna hear the big black juicy good parts of this game well here they are. This game features breaking your legs from 3 foots drops. dying from jumping out of a vehicle moving 2 KPH. Dying from drowning in an enclosed submarine. DERPING FROM LSD THAT YOU GOT FROM A F*CKING HOBO. but best of all dont forget the jerk circles. (this review was made entirely for comedy purposes) serious part -----> this game is pretty bad and they keep making it worse
game-hours: 202.5
review: Fantastic game! Really great graphics and a lot of fun if your into Simulation Shooters!
game-hours: 21.0
review: Well, every single FPS is  compared to ARMA III. Just. This.
game-hours: 205.5
review: This game is ing great 1000/10
game-hours: 315.4
review: This game is AMAZING. With its various gamemodes such as King of the Hill, Wasteland, Altis life and Invade and Annex,(All made by the community)this game is very fun to play with friends online. Single player is suprisingly good for an Arma title so brownie points to the campaign dev team. But I will say this, the game is a constant work in progress. I have seen it progress since alpha and even now, they are adding units and they are not yet done with the campaign still, but as long as it mantains the level we have been seeing, then I think its worth it. 10/10
game-hours: 121.9
review: Very Good Game. The Only Problem Is This FPS Issue :/
game-hours: 23.5
review: Very boring unless you like realism
game-hours: 86.2
review: This game is a huge disapointment so far, like they took ACE mod and used new graffix.
game-hours: 28.6
review: It always chrashes no matter what i play and there seems to be no fix
game-hours: 0.6
review: terriable game ever
game-hours: 19.5
review: Died walking up stairs. 0/10
game-hours: 2.2
review: Worst FPS ever... Battle Field is far better than this trash...
game-hours: 797.2
review: Really fun game, the problem is that most people still play ArmA II.
game-hours: 192.8
review: It was fun at first, but it grew old quickly. I purchased due to Atlis Life mod, and quickly found the lack of players willing to comply with server rules, made the game not so enjoyable. The large maps are nice and all, but too damn big for 100 or less people... I enjoy the realist consideration of the game, such as fatigue from sprinting, and its effect on aiming. Overall, ARMA 3 does not have a lasting effect on me. Some of the situations that occur are very fun, and memorable, but I often find myself logged in, running around in circles doing nothing. For large scale combat (meaning hundreds of players at the same time, in the same location), on maps the size of Arma 3 maps, I would recommend Planetside 2, which is a free-to-play game. The simulation ARMA 3 offers is extremely impressive, and quenches my thirst of rendering 360 No-Scope Headshot noobs useless. However, as a game, I don't enjoy it as much.
game-hours: 7.2
review: payed for this game today and played it today and must say im very disapointed and sad it cost anything near 60$ when mp lags to a  :/
game-hours: 95.3
review: Tis good, like, really good...
game-hours: 21.4
review: unoptimized gar, no matter the rig. Not worth 60
game-hours: 97.3
review: JUST  YOU BATTLE EYE
game-hours: 10.8
review: This game was just too slow for me.. Some servers are 'meh' at best. The maps are so large and the server populations are so low, its a very slow experience. I've tried several of the game modes, which does tend to make for a different play experience, but for me, I like combat atleast every 3-5 mins in a game versus running/driving/flying across maps for 10 mins to get to the action.
game-hours: 4.4
review: This game is complete crap I go on not being banned on Dayz Arma 2 or Arma 2 Operation arrow head play the singleplayer for a bit join my friend and get banned gloably -_-
game-hours: 0.4
review: Arma 2 is better
game-hours: 30.7
review: sux
game-hours: 0.5
review: so i got this game and wont even let me install it or show in my library but to my friends it says i have it wtf.....
game-hours: 5.0
review: Arma 3 is one of the worst games i have ever played and i have no idea how people play the game, the controls are confusing and completely ridiculous, you set the game to the lowest difficulty and still die by a single shot. and if you happen to press a certain button (still no clue which button that is.) your game completely freezes on itself and only allows you to move and look around.
game-hours: 2.2
review: Bought the game to use up a 50 dollar Steam card. I have yet to test the game on my desktop rig once the GTX560 gets installed, but I'm playing it on an Alienware M11x R2 with a GT335M/Intel i7 duo. Game runs great on normal settings on my Alienware, although this game has terrible Xbox controller integration. The game doesn't seem like it's worth the 60 dollars so far, I'm kicking myself for not getting Counter Strike GO and some L4D games. Oh well, that's just my two cents.
game-hours: 41.5
review: I know this is only beta, but I already know that this is going to be one of the greatest multiplayer to date. The combat simulation is perfect, the tactical gameplay is perfect, the squad system is perfect, the open world is perfect. The graphics are perfect (You will need a good computer to handle this game.) 10/10 BUY IT!
game-hours: 26.1
review: Worst ing game i've ever played.... The least optimised game i've ever played, unplayable with 1-35FPS all the time wiht a GTX780.... Dont buy unless you want to spend 50 Euros on 100% pure garbage
game-hours: 299.5
review: No more falling and breaking legs? 11/10 GAME OF THE YEAR
game-hours: 6.6
review: this game should be free i think people who made this game wants money so much that he made this game cost
game-hours: 39.6
review: Made my  crumble
game-hours: 458.0
review: Super fun
game-hours: 9.8
review: Arma 4 Now Now
game-hours: 48.6
review: 2 FUTURISTIC 4 ME arma 2 is love arma 2 is life
game-hours: 219.8
review: Arma 3 is amazing, it has lots of variaty and uses tons of tactics and different stratagies. Arma 3 is tons of fun. It is insanely fun with friends. It's a great game and I recommend it to anyone.
game-hours: 3.2
review: arma 3? more like GAYRMA 3 BECAUSE IT FRICKIN SUCKS AZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ okay lets begin this 1. the graphics are frickin terrible, they look like they were made in a ps1 connected to a nes and atari 5200! they are very horrible and yet the game was made in 2013, what the FRICK! my god couldnt they just use an engine that made call of duty advanced warfare? the game would look stunning with the engine 2. the gameplay is bad, like real bad. there are no crosshairs, hitmarkers, and the recoil looks it was made by a drunken donkey because you cant shoot normally and your character looks fricken gay wielding the gun. 3. the maps are big and empty, also the props are repeated 2,000 times making the maps look boring and not even new. worst of all, you find an enemy in 1 hour because the maps are so empty, that you and your team cant find the frickin enemiess 4. story doesnt make sense and its only you joining the military, that's it. you play the bad campaign and realize that all you have to do is listen to your gay boss who will yell at you if you dont shoot at the frickin enemies the story is so bad that the ai is gay and unrealistic unlike call of duty so arma 3 is a very bad game and its very overpriced, it would be better if the developers werent such monkeys and learned from call of duty, they would be rich and grateful by many fans so i give arma 3 a 1/10, bad game
game-hours: 0.9
review: 10 x
game-hours: 40.9
review: Gameplay is good. But then it's the ArmA series, the servers are not optimized properly, even with high-end hardware your bound to get low FPS. Until they actually get their  together and optimize the game. It's a NO from me :P.
game-hours: 178.5
review: Way too expensive. It could have been so much better, if only they had optimised it for non-NASA PCs.
game-hours: 1.4
review: its a  game, you have no clue what you doing. in basecamp you cant hit at taget at 400m, the game dont explane how to work the scope. if you press careful ones right click you get the small red dot on top, if you hold it down you zoom in at the side of the riffle... WTF I WANT TO ING USE THE TELESOPIC SIGHT!! HOW HARD CANT IT BE TO EXPALINE THE PLAYER TO USE A SCOPE.. IS THIS GAME ROCKET SCIENCE?  THIS GAME! dont buy it, dont support at game developers that make games cryptic. why even use x to duck and z to lay down.. WHY?
game-hours: 388.7
review: This game is quite a simulation game, not hard to learn the basic, i will recommand this game! i got all the collection and i'm still enjoying Bohemia interactive games! -Open world-a giant freedome! -RPG mission-for those who likes to role play and get freedome, -and an awesome simulation game!
game-hours: 33.3
review: awful game
game-hours: 65.3
review: ARMA = GOD
game-hours: 110.5
review: Worst 40 i spent in my life super laggy and i got banned globally for no reason
game-hours: 0.6
review: lol i don't even own this
game-hours: 458.0
review: Super fun
game-hours: 39.6
review: Made my  crumble
game-hours: 9.8
review: Arma 4 Now Now
game-hours: 6.6
review: this game should be free i think people who made this game wants money so much that he made this game cost
game-hours: 188.7
review: Gr8 banter
game-hours: 402.6
review: So many mods to play for every type of playstyle, they really nailed it with this game. You don't see many modable games these dayz.
game-hours: 40.5
review: THIS GAME STOLE MY LIFE
game-hours: 97.4
review: Awesome war simulator.
game-hours: 37.0
review: This game is alright.
game-hours: 9.7
review: very good game
game-hours: 754.7
review: wicked
game-hours: 1.7
review: I like this game.
game-hours: 220.7
review: 10/10 gr8 game m8
game-hours: 17.0
review: this game is ing hard. 10/10 like skyrim with arma would play again.
game-hours: 14.3
review: 's fun. Not optimized for .
game-hours: 0.9
review: 1 word: Annoying.
game-hours: 615.0
review: Runs like , don't buy until they fix fps issues, not even that intensive of a game but still can't run just makes excuses for their own incompetence .
game-hours: 2.0
review: Contols take ages to get used to and its very complicated to operate. Wouldnt recommend getting it, waste of money and time getting use to the game. Graphics are good though
game-hours: 6.5
review: This game just isn't fun. Its too realistic to actually be realistic. Things happen that would not be actually possible in a real war. This is a boring game, and there isn't a way to have fun. However, it is a good game if you want to really load your GPU's capability.
game-hours: 12.5
review: Arma III Atlas Life. That is all
game-hours: 15.2
review: hodor
game-hours: 1104.6
review: ArmA 3 is the successor to ArmA 2. It is a pretty decent Mil-Sim that seems pretty realistic, but not too overly realistic. I originally purchased the game in Alpha and have had the privilege of watching the develop of the game over the past year. The early game was very raw and buggy with bad AI and questionable engine capability. This progressed in the Beta and it is only after the full release that ArmA 3 is actually getting up to the same level as ArmA 2. Don't get me wrong, I play ArmA 3 way more than ArmA 2, only switching back for the occasional DayZ day. The game has a nice multi-level feel where you can fight with a magnitude of different styles, and, as of Beta, a variety of war machines. The in game mission maker as well as mods such as MCC allow the player to make dynamic and fun mission for single player, co-op, or multiplier. This game is still lacking though as each new campaign update brings more content for players to use. In short, ArmA 3 is a good game, but still needs some work. If you are used to CoD or Battlefield, this may not be the game for you. The online community is very team based and lone wolf tactics may not fly when attacking a town or launching an invasion of the massive Altis map. If I hadn't purchased the game in beta, and I was looking to purchase it now I would advise to buy it either on sale or when most of the content has been added or a larger variety of mods are available. Though the game is in full release, treat it like a beta and report bugs and glitches as there are still a few. In short: * Medium level Mil-Sim * Heavy on teamwork * Allows for a magnitude of play sets * Allows for creative mission making * HUGE modding and map making community (You will never run out of missions to play) * Promising campaign * Seems like Bohemia listens to their community * AI have some issues * Engine is still not the best * Still missing a lot of content (NATO/ CSAT jets, other NATO forces, guns, etc.) * May not appeal to more casual players (CoD and BF3/4 players)
game-hours: 55.0
review: Thanks Gabe!
game-hours: 1.2
review: Just get dayz! Its still good though.
game-hours: 54.9
review: wow
game-hours: 338.1
review: 10/10 Ate Bannanas for dinner (   )
game-hours: 674.7
review: GET IT
game-hours: 102.6
review: THIS IS A DAYZ RIPOFF GAME PLS RATE MY REVIEW SO I FEEL KOOL
game-hours: 128.0
review: Best Free Game!
game-hours: 0.1
review: Best Arma Series game ever :3 when it on a free weekend and yet still better but i wish to get the game when it was free but way to expensive i would recommend the game for those people who dont have it
game-hours: 57.4
review: gut
game-hours: 120.1
review: jaa
game-hours: 96.4
review: I like dis crap ;3, get it
game-hours: 191.9
review: Many fun Such hard Much annoy in other news this game is very different to every other shooter, more complex. hard but fun.
game-hours: 509.1
review: i prefer arma 2, the current day wepaons not bug eyes yawnsville.
game-hours: 509.6
review: This game is legit and amazing. The devs try not to call it a sim but it's as close as you can get while still being a game. It's very realistic with damage and weight models. Body armor and helmets give a degree of protection. The same applies to the variation of vehicles in the game. The 2 maps are HUGE and there are plans for DLC in the future which will no doubt add on to that. Speaking of addons the giant mod community for the game is always hard at work making new missions, weapons, and vehicles to add into the game free of charge. There is endless replayablility with this game and if you're a shooter/military game fan then this should be in your library. Honestly, if the game was more optimised (Insane CPU usage for projectile physics and AI decision making) I wouldn't even play half of the other shooters that are out today because Arma does it all and MORE. Pick this game up!
game-hours: 66.3
review: Dont buy this game, ArmA 2/AO is way better.
game-hours: 215.1
review: such freedom, very tactics, much stress wow
game-hours: 30.0
review: "It's like Call of Duty and Battlefield." -IGN
game-hours: 13.6
review: This game is ing amazing You SHOULD buy this amazing game
game-hours: 40.5
review: Arma 3 is an AWESOME game, I have not played it much, but the amount of time I have been playing i have had SOOO MUCH FUN! If you are looking for a War Simulator, here you have it!
game-hours: 2.8
review: SHIVER ME TIMBERS!
game-hours: 93.4
review: Bryliant Super Computer Recommended
game-hours: 47.5
review: MEH
game-hours: 2.0
review: This game shouldn't have been released yet. Deadlines kill games. I love this franchise but this game is a big, steaming, pile of poop. I DONT RECOMMEND IT AS OF NOW....This game isn't worth 10 bucks and they are still trying to scam people out of their 60 bucks! For 60 bucks I want a perfect game in the aspect of NO BUGS. This game is full of them. It seems every update that comes out makes the game worse, not better. The devs care about the money not the game. The same bugs are there since the alpha release... Save your money on this pile of garbage.
game-hours: 15.3
review: Pile of , biggest waste of money ever. It should be illegal to sell a game as broken as this for 45 mother ing euros. 5/5
game-hours: 170.3
review: Nice, really nice.
game-hours: 325.2
review: awesome :D
game-hours: 37.8
review: Very good mil sim.
game-hours: 278.7
review: Good for people that like real army simulation. There are some really hardcore servers, then there are just silly ones. All in all a great game.
game-hours: 52.0
review: Great game must have
game-hours: 10.0
review: Too much like Arma 2, except Arma 2 mods are way better.
game-hours: 36.3
review: Not a game for the casual shooter. Slow and steady is the key as this is a simulator, not an arcade game. Those who love combat realism will love this. With realistic physics, there is a lot to do in this simulator.
game-hours: 82.1
review: A very fun, military game that gets really intense.
game-hours: 2.3
review: SMEG
game-hours: 848.0
review: More than 600 hours in game, last version (1.14) and even today I feel like I play a beta version of the game, too many bug!! poor physics, which I could be refund...
game-hours: 12.0
review: Very slow moving, not a very friendly multiplayer environment, very disappointed by the gameplay.
game-hours: 3.6
review: bugs, bugs, bugs and low frames. i have GTX 660 frostbite and i cant run in the max. I play BF3 ultra and 30frames... this game is waste of money
game-hours: 0.2
review: did not care for it i feel controls are a bit clucky
game-hours: 144.4
review: cant go invert on xbox controller fix it please i cant play otherwise
game-hours: 218.6
review: Nope. becuse i got randomly banned.
game-hours: 5.5
review: hated it. every boring inch, mm.
game-hours: 347.0
review: AWESOME!
game-hours: 0.4
review: Coming from the guys who made Arma 2 and became well known because of the DayZ mod, you could expect another dad's game with guns and "realism"... it has DLC's and all the stuff that the cool kids have these days. Tenouttaten/10
game-hours: 0.6
review: Bad game,bad graphics dont download Its fake
game-hours: 55.3
review: If you want to get a Game with Bugs and so on. Get this one. And Arma 2 ofc
game-hours: 33.6
review: wtf 60 buks for this pos are they psychotic?
game-hours: 142.1
review: Guns 'n stuff.
game-hours: 68.7
review: Good gayme for good gaymers. ;)
game-hours: 35.7
review: From the outside looking in ARMA III imitates the best and worst aspects of postmodern war. The vast majority of your time in this game will be frustration from shear amount of bordom, that is until a firefight breaks out & it's the most intense game you've ever played. The juxtaposition between these two emotions is not unlike every headcam video of a soldier at war that are all over the internet, so if that at all interests you, I'd say buy ARMA III.
game-hours: 10.8
review: Although i can't get past the first checkpoint, or get a single kill in the first 2 hours, dont let the difficulty baffle you as there is a lot more out there that meets the eye. Not only does Arma III offer you a ginormous sandbox openworld map, it gives you a range of choice between vehicles, weapons and body gear. The intense graphics allow magnificent details which give you the best experience possible of what it's like being out in there in the field. As you slowly immerse deeper and deeper into this game, past reminiscences of other fps shooting games from series such as the Call of Duty and Counter strike will fade. However there are still some noticable glitches and bugs but these defects barely affect your gameplay and only give the creators more urge to make this game even more fantastic than it already is. The Arma series has really opened the gates to a bridge that connects man to virtual reality and I highly recommend people to buy this game as it is a should buy -- no, MUST BUY game on the Steam Store.
game-hours: 1.8
review: Pretty boring after a while. Gets old fast.
game-hours: 71.3
review: Killed my friend with a stolen go-kart while robbing the Federal bank in Altis life so did'nt have to split the money. I only recieved 10,000 10/10 would kill again.
game-hours: 39.5
review: I takes the origanl aspects of the other games in the series and make it ten time better worth buying
game-hours: 104.3
review: this game is  dont buy it, it will never finish.....
game-hours: 116.7
review: DLC has gotten worse, the game wasn't even complete when they launched it. I do not recommend this game to anyone anymore, if you want what you thought you saw, please purchuse ArmA 2 and her expansion Operation Arrowhead, I saw the ArmA 3: Karts DLC and I knew it was time before more people get scammed!
game-hours: 86.3
review: hyv
game-hours: 1.2
review: This game has a distracting dialouge, and with your guns it is impossible to aim and there are so many game-breaking glitches. In the first five minutes i walked infront of one of the npcs on the road and then he got stuck and I had to restart the entire game. I was playing it when It was free for a week but I highly do not reccomend that you buy this game at sixty dollars. There are many better things that you could spend that on. Overall you should not buy this game.
game-hours: 8.4
review: Still horribly unoptimised. A year now and it still runs badly. Random hardware configurations of less powerful systems sometimes outdo those of very powerful rigs. Most of the work done in game is done over 1 core therefore very high clock speeds will benefit over multi-core, low frequency setups according to B.I, but this is not necessarily true since some people find that the game is not properly utilising their CPUs to the fullest extent. I beat the recommended requirements but regardless of settings, tweaks, etc the most I can get is 40fps at 1080p. I've waited patiently for over a year now and still this game runs very badly, regardless of settings, drivers, OS (tried Win 7, Win 8/Win 8.1). Sadly 40fps is a generous mark since when heavy action occurs the frame rate typically tumbles. I have a Core i5-2500K at 4Ghz and a HIS Radeon 7870 IceQ X @ 1100/1250. Unfortunately this game is pretty much unplayable for me and has been since I pre-ordered it during the Alpha stage. Apart from single player missions being added after release and some bug fixes here and there, performance issues are still a big problem for many people. Unfortunately biased people with a love for ARMA will disregard this review and vote negatively. They believe that because their performance is fine, that this review is untrue and therefore deserves a thumbs down. This doesn't take away the fact that the ARMA engine is incredibly inefficient and unoptimised and doesn't take away from the fact that in many reported cases, weaker systems have better performance over beast rigs with very high clock speeds, core numbers and multi-card configurations. Again this isn't always the case but it has been reported on many occasions and highlights just how unoptimised and hit n' miss the engine is. The gameplay is good, the performance is not. Buy it at your own risk. Do not childishly downvote this review just because you have a blind passion or appropriate setup for this game.
game-hours: 104.1
review: Unfortunatly, I was unable to play the multiplayer very well because of the horrible frame rate I was having... I would not recomend you buy this game if you don't have above average gaming pc
game-hours: 38.1
review: Such a beautiful game, excellent realism and tactical combat, you truly feel immersed in a real war.... however ARMA 3 has major failings, firstly it is poorly optimised, runs on only a couple of threads, meaning the newer your pc, the slower the game will run. The review pc was a Piledriver 4.5GHz 8-Core AMD with a 680GTX Card, Ultra High Settings the game had the same frame rate as Low Settings - Averaging between 18 - 30fps, which was jerky but playable, until you got somewhere where a tank rolled in behind us and started shoooting, then everyone there was down to 3fps. People say there pc runs fine, but half the people I know who play are barely able to move and shoot, Until Arma 3 is fixed and written properly to support modern hardward, you should not buy this game. The developers have never managed to fix Arma 2, I hold little hope they will fix Arma 3!
game-hours: 11.3
review: Call me stupid, close minded, or awful at this game. I read the reviews, plenty of people said "you either love it or hate it." Welp. I tried joining 3 or 4 games. It was buggy as all get out. I clipped through random crap, there was no meaningful tutorial, the controls were confusing, and the maps seemed huge once I managed to join. I had no idea what I was doing, most of the guides were either in Cyrillic or were mentioning some game mode, nothing outlining the basics. I'm not usually one to say something is overcomplex and walk away, but  this game is hard to enjoy. I'll take another crack at it I'm sure, because I did just sink $40 in to this that I can never have back, but I'd advise others to avoid purchasing, even if you aren't a filthy casual like myself. Because damn. This game is stupidly obtuse.
game-hours: 107.0
review: its an alright game not as good as the past installments but it does bring some new stuff to the table; improved graphics , more stances and better running animations. dont think that they should have set it further into the future just wrecks the immersive factor. also contains loads of bugs and frame rate issues. i would recommend buying arma 2 and arma 2 OA first before buying this becuase the modding community has not backed this game enough and as far as i know they have not added ACE/ACRE mod and a propper vietnam usung mod yet.
game-hours: 2.4
review: THIS IS JUST TO RECOMMEND OTHERS LIKE ME... THIS IS IN NO WAY SAYING THE GAME IS HORRIBLE. I understand it's not a casual shooter, but coming from Battlefield to play this? I know what people may say about my review of the game, but holy ... Movement mechanics by far are TOO COMPLEX... I typically expect to use only the minimum amount of keys to perform movements, but what the ... I am not going to count the plethera of those required to perform different movements, but it's some kind of high  number. I played the campaign as far as I could take and halted completely when it came to flying the UAV... I took me about 10 tries until I gave up and shouted obsenities at my TV... Every time I tried I flew it into a rock, a house, myself, and even into the ocean... TLDR: I dont have the patience to play this, nor the appetite to constantly learn how to bind keys. If you are a casual shooter kind of person stay the  away from this. Trust me... I'm pretty good at battlefield, but just terrible at this. (TWO DIFFERENT GAMES COMPLETELY) I guess that's what makes this game unique. PROs? it's pretty beautiful though...
game-hours: 104.0
review: NO this game can suck my  (no homo)
game-hours: 40.7
review: Campagin mission Signal lost is impossible.
game-hours: 23.7
review: After playing shooters for a while, I have never experienced anything like ARMA. The whole series offers intense gameplay, and I surely could not be the only one to say, after a gun fight, you will be shaking with adrenaline and excitement. If you've played DayZ (Which has the same engine, practically the same game but with zombies) Then you'd know this experience pretty well. I recommend this to anyone!
game-hours: 0.4
review: Coming from the guys who made Arma 2 and became well known because of the DayZ mod, you could expect another dad's game with guns and "realism"... it has DLC's and all the stuff that the cool kids have these days. Tenouttaten/10
game-hours: 55.3
review: If you want to get a Game with Bugs and so on. Get this one. And Arma 2 ofc
game-hours: 33.6
review: wtf 60 buks for this pos are they psychotic?
game-hours: 86.3
review: hyv
game-hours: 1.2
review: This game has a distracting dialouge, and with your guns it is impossible to aim and there are so many game-breaking glitches. In the first five minutes i walked infront of one of the npcs on the road and then he got stuck and I had to restart the entire game. I was playing it when It was free for a week but I highly do not reccomend that you buy this game at sixty dollars. There are many better things that you could spend that on. Overall you should not buy this game.
game-hours: 8.4
review: Still horribly unoptimised. A year now and it still runs badly. Random hardware configurations of less powerful systems sometimes outdo those of very powerful rigs. Most of the work done in game is done over 1 core therefore very high clock speeds will benefit over multi-core, low frequency setups according to B.I, but this is not necessarily true since some people find that the game is not properly utilising their CPUs to the fullest extent. I beat the recommended requirements but regardless of settings, tweaks, etc the most I can get is 40fps at 1080p. I've waited patiently for over a year now and still this game runs very badly, regardless of settings, drivers, OS (tried Win 7, Win 8/Win 8.1). Sadly 40fps is a generous mark since when heavy action occurs the frame rate typically tumbles. I have a Core i5-2500K at 4Ghz and a HIS Radeon 7870 IceQ X @ 1100/1250. Unfortunately this game is pretty much unplayable for me and has been since I pre-ordered it during the Alpha stage. Apart from single player missions being added after release and some bug fixes here and there, performance issues are still a big problem for many people. Unfortunately biased people with a love for ARMA will disregard this review and vote negatively. They believe that because their performance is fine, that this review is untrue and therefore deserves a thumbs down. This doesn't take away the fact that the ARMA engine is incredibly inefficient and unoptimised and doesn't take away from the fact that in many reported cases, weaker systems have better performance over beast rigs with very high clock speeds, core numbers and multi-card configurations. Again this isn't always the case but it has been reported on many occasions and highlights just how unoptimised and hit n' miss the engine is. The gameplay is good, the performance is not. Buy it at your own risk. Do not childishly downvote this review just because you have a blind passion or appropriate setup for this game.
game-hours: 104.3
review: this game is  dont buy it, it will never finish.....
game-hours: 116.7
review: DLC has gotten worse, the game wasn't even complete when they launched it. I do not recommend this game to anyone anymore, if you want what you thought you saw, please purchuse ArmA 2 and her expansion Operation Arrowhead, I saw the ArmA 3: Karts DLC and I knew it was time before more people get scammed!
game-hours: 96.4
review: I like dis crap ;3, get it
game-hours: 0.2
review: did not care for it i feel controls are a bit clucky
game-hours: 57.4
review: gut
game-hours: 191.9
review: Many fun Such hard Much annoy in other news this game is very different to every other shooter, more complex. hard but fun.
game-hours: 109.0
review: This is good.
game-hours: 97.0
review: Arma 3 BattlEye banned me after 95hours of game play for no reason. and These no support contact for BattlEye for this issue, and all bans are non-revisable. To be aware... do not buy this game you may have to buy a 2nd copy. "Average of this happening to players is 9% of the player base" Done throw away your money!
game-hours: 50.9
review: toReal4me 3/10
game-hours: 11.8
review: get to shoot bullets with guns
game-hours: 59.8
review: Many different type of missions for solo type players and a lot of game types for those competitive types. 10/10.
game-hours: 36.5
review: yes
game-hours: 1221.0
review: This is indeed the best Arma game we have ever seen.
game-hours: 10.2
review: Is there any reason why everyone keeps killing me on recruit difficulty?
game-hours: 50.9
review: toReal4me 3/10
game-hours: 62.0
review: IT IS SHI AND BAD
game-hours: 0.2
review: IT WAS TO GLICHEY FOUR ME
game-hours: 43.7
review: Game is very demanding in terms of your specs. Anyway, hate to think I only have it for a weekend then its gone. Would love to buy this game but im totally broke and my family needs to pay bills.
game-hours: 706.8
review: this game is the ing best !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 11.8
review: get to shoot bullets with guns
game-hours: 59.8
review: Many different type of missions for solo type players and a lot of game types for those competitive types. 10/10.
game-hours: 36.5
review: yes
game-hours: 44.8
review: this game allows you to experience realistic combat gameplay in a massive military sandbox.
game-hours: 263.7
review: this game should change its name to BAN3
game-hours: 68.7
review: Good gayme for good gaymers. ;)
game-hours: 509.6
review: This game is legit and amazing. The devs try not to call it a sim but it's as close as you can get while still being a game. It's very realistic with damage and weight models. Body armor and helmets give a degree of protection. The same applies to the variation of vehicles in the game. The 2 maps are HUGE and there are plans for DLC in the future which will no doubt add on to that. Speaking of addons the giant mod community for the game is always hard at work making new missions, weapons, and vehicles to add into the game free of charge. There is endless replayablility with this game and if you're a shooter/military game fan then this should be in your library. Honestly, if the game was more optimised (Insane CPU usage for projectile physics and AI decision making) I wouldn't even play half of the other shooters that are out today because Arma does it all and MORE. Pick this game up!
game-hours: 66.3
review: Dont buy this game, ArmA 2/AO is way better.
game-hours: 215.1
review: such freedom, very tactics, much stress wow
game-hours: 30.0
review: "It's like Call of Duty and Battlefield." -IGN
game-hours: 220.7
review: 10/10 gr8 game m8
game-hours: 17.0
review: this game is ing hard. 10/10 like skyrim with arma would play again.
game-hours: 14.3
review: 's fun. Not optimized for .
game-hours: 0.9
review: 1 word: Annoying.
game-hours: 615.0
review: Runs like , don't buy until they fix fps issues, not even that intensive of a game but still can't run just makes excuses for their own incompetence .
game-hours: 102.1
review: good game
game-hours: 587.9
review: great game!
game-hours: 0.9
review: awsojme
game-hours: 1.9
review: best game ever
game-hours: 4.5
review: great game i was at this one spot and someone shot me and then they revived me, i got a headshot and dey be ded
game-hours: 20.3
review: this was an amazing game, im so glad that i had a chance to try it on the free weekend.
game-hours: 2.0
review: fun game
game-hours: 1.5
review: It is a very fun game and I hope they will lower the price because it is so action packed. Also I am excited for Arma IV.
game-hours: 191.2
review: I loved the little time I had with this. For some reason Steam won't let me play it for free for the Free Weekend (maybe because it's already in my library.) Anyways, this is not your run-of-the-mill CoD nonsense.
game-hours: 6.2
review: Great game hope it does on sale for the christmas sale <3
game-hours: 18.7
review: AMAZING JUST ING AMAZING
game-hours: 1.8
review: cool but wanted more time to play it
game-hours: 5.3
review: Arma 3 is a great game. it's the most realistic shooting game i ever played!
game-hours: 20.6
review: It awesome!!!
game-hours: 8.8
review: Big , not today.
game-hours: 53.1
review: Good game but it needs more nazi's 9/10.
game-hours: 8.4
review: Fun game to play with your friends !
game-hours: 48.4
review: 7/10, has the potential to be a better game with time if it is still supported.
game-hours: 238.4
review: What are you doing, Stalker?
game-hours: 175.5
review: my favrate game recomended at six stars
game-hours: 170.3
review: Nice, really nice.
game-hours: 325.2
review: awesome :D
game-hours: 37.8
review: Very good mil sim.
game-hours: 278.7
review: Good for people that like real army simulation. There are some really hardcore servers, then there are just silly ones. All in all a great game.
game-hours: 52.0
review: Great game must have
game-hours: 10.0
review: Too much like Arma 2, except Arma 2 mods are way better.
game-hours: 36.3
review: Not a game for the casual shooter. Slow and steady is the key as this is a simulator, not an arcade game. Those who love combat realism will love this. With realistic physics, there is a lot to do in this simulator.
game-hours: 82.1
review: A very fun, military game that gets really intense.
game-hours: 180.2
review: This game Crashes more than it did in Alpha, I have never played a game where me and the people I play with have to constantly repair files because this game is still in such a broken state. You would think with the price tag that come's along with the game that it would crash way less, have less fps issues, and have very to little glitches, but what we have is a overpriced unpolished P.O.S.
game-hours: 46.2
review: Just played my first battleroyale and it went pretty good. I killed 5-6 guys and was 1v1. Well I lost 1v1, but it was an amazing game. My heart was racing. Awesome game
game-hours: 706.8
review: this game is the ing best !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 70.4
review: well done, but my friend compano keeps dying on everything ;-;
game-hours: 0.9
review: good game
game-hours: 39.5
review: I takes the origanl aspects of the other games in the series and make it ten time better worth buying
game-hours: 2.6
review: i got the game for free on a steam sale and bc of an update i have buy thte game again.
game-hours: 645.9
review: I hate this game.
game-hours: 6.1
review: This game is pretty terrible.
game-hours: 97.4
review: Awesome war simulator.
game-hours: 37.0
review: This game is alright.
game-hours: 9.7
review: very good game
game-hours: 754.7
review: wicked
game-hours: 1.7
review: I like this game.
game-hours: 104.1
review: Unfortunatly, I was unable to play the multiplayer very well because of the horrible frame rate I was having... I would not recomend you buy this game if you don't have above average gaming pc
game-hours: 38.1
review: Such a beautiful game, excellent realism and tactical combat, you truly feel immersed in a real war.... however ARMA 3 has major failings, firstly it is poorly optimised, runs on only a couple of threads, meaning the newer your pc, the slower the game will run. The review pc was a Piledriver 4.5GHz 8-Core AMD with a 680GTX Card, Ultra High Settings the game had the same frame rate as Low Settings - Averaging between 18 - 30fps, which was jerky but playable, until you got somewhere where a tank rolled in behind us and started shoooting, then everyone there was down to 3fps. People say there pc runs fine, but half the people I know who play are barely able to move and shoot, Until Arma 3 is fixed and written properly to support modern hardward, you should not buy this game. The developers have never managed to fix Arma 2, I hold little hope they will fix Arma 3!
game-hours: 11.3
review: Call me stupid, close minded, or awful at this game. I read the reviews, plenty of people said "you either love it or hate it." Welp. I tried joining 3 or 4 games. It was buggy as all get out. I clipped through random crap, there was no meaningful tutorial, the controls were confusing, and the maps seemed huge once I managed to join. I had no idea what I was doing, most of the guides were either in Cyrillic or were mentioning some game mode, nothing outlining the basics. I'm not usually one to say something is overcomplex and walk away, but  this game is hard to enjoy. I'll take another crack at it I'm sure, because I did just sink $40 in to this that I can never have back, but I'd advise others to avoid purchasing, even if you aren't a filthy casual like myself. Because damn. This game is stupidly obtuse.
game-hours: 107.0
review: its an alright game not as good as the past installments but it does bring some new stuff to the table; improved graphics , more stances and better running animations. dont think that they should have set it further into the future just wrecks the immersive factor. also contains loads of bugs and frame rate issues. i would recommend buying arma 2 and arma 2 OA first before buying this becuase the modding community has not backed this game enough and as far as i know they have not added ACE/ACRE mod and a propper vietnam usung mod yet.
game-hours: 2.4
review: THIS IS JUST TO RECOMMEND OTHERS LIKE ME... THIS IS IN NO WAY SAYING THE GAME IS HORRIBLE. I understand it's not a casual shooter, but coming from Battlefield to play this? I know what people may say about my review of the game, but holy ... Movement mechanics by far are TOO COMPLEX... I typically expect to use only the minimum amount of keys to perform movements, but what the ... I am not going to count the plethera of those required to perform different movements, but it's some kind of high  number. I played the campaign as far as I could take and halted completely when it came to flying the UAV... I took me about 10 tries until I gave up and shouted obsenities at my TV... Every time I tried I flew it into a rock, a house, myself, and even into the ocean... TLDR: I dont have the patience to play this, nor the appetite to constantly learn how to bind keys. If you are a casual shooter kind of person stay the  away from this. Trust me... I'm pretty good at battlefield, but just terrible at this. (TWO DIFFERENT GAMES COMPLETELY) I guess that's what makes this game unique. PROs? it's pretty beautiful though...
game-hours: 35.7
review: From the outside looking in ARMA III imitates the best and worst aspects of postmodern war. The vast majority of your time in this game will be frustration from shear amount of bordom, that is until a firefight breaks out & it's the most intense game you've ever played. The juxtaposition between these two emotions is not unlike every headcam video of a soldier at war that are all over the internet, so if that at all interests you, I'd say buy ARMA III.
game-hours: 88.3
review: Love this game
game-hours: 115.2
review: snakes are made out of rock
game-hours: 32.9
review: AMAZING GAME !
game-hours: 1.5
review: 8/10, Arma 2 + more graphics = Arma 3.
game-hours: 716.2
review: Amazing.
game-hours: 1.7
review: I have no clue what these game developers are doing. I got a 5930k 32gb DDR4 980 GTX x 2 in SLI a rampage V Extreme motherboard, and this game wont run much over 30 fps for me. I put EVERYTHING on low, and still 24 fps. Autodetect did something right, but still not over 30-40 fps. And its not even super pretty. The game might be good, but the optimalization just is so bad its insane. I wonder what graphics the rest is playing on, because this is . Neither of my 980 GTX will go over 911 mhz either, while playing it. So it stutters, while not utilizing the graphic cards. I want my money back, its a "bad code"-simulation.
game-hours: 93.9
review: Feddback: +lots of mods +great maps +nice sp (never thought) -the egine makes problems 9/10 SP 10/10 MP
game-hours: 33.1
review: ARMA 3 is mechanically and graphically better than ARMA 2. The problem lies in the fact that there is far less content and extreme preformance problems on AMD systems. I simply cannot recommend this game due to the many problems in preformance.
game-hours: 0.3
review: This combines the FPS that every serious FPS military gamer would want to play, It has great customization for your apparel, the guns are also easily customizable and it looks great on ultra high, even better is the fact that it has a very active gaming community and workshop items are constantly being added. Also, when you kill people you can rob their pants. 11/10
game-hours: 132.5
review: i rly want this game some one gift me it :D
game-hours: 6.8
review: I would recommend it to someone who is new to the series...However..If you are a hardcore ARMA II player like myself Then DO NOT BUY THIS...Unless you want to play altis life or some other crap.. this game was one of the biggest let downs
game-hours: 17.3
review: Great game. If you like shooters this game is for you! Even if you dont like shooters, get it.
game-hours: 11.0
review: recomed for simulator players it really enjoyable but 1 of the probloms is the fps about but overall that a like the game and the stuff you can do on it and it recomed for simulator player
game-hours: 15.1
review: Why is this even in my library I don't own it. Must be from free weekend that happened 20 years ago and steam needs to do more often. Anyway, game was fun but it is definitely NOT worth $60, plus another $18 for DLC. No way. For $60 you could buy two other games, a four pack of condoms, a bag of doritos, a bucket to use while you play games, and still have a bit left over.
game-hours: 4.8
review: 3/10 Bad framerate almost always, steep learning curve, most game modes dont play the military sim it is built for they all play the RPG cops and robbers garbage. Most servers kick you for wrong version even though its the same.
game-hours: 3.8
review: I like the campaign so far but everytime i try and join a MP gmae it wont let me and i dont know why. i really would like to play MP but i cant so im losing out on alot of content :(
game-hours: 4.0
review: Worst game ever
game-hours: 118.3
review: Very realistic, but doesn't run multiplayer at high frames.
game-hours: 89.9
review: Pretty fun i run around for 17 hours, and then i found someone and they were elite solider IRL and pwned me. good game.
game-hours: 2.0
review: It's aite.
game-hours: 75.6
review: a terribly optimized game. if you dont have a good computer i would not recomend buying this game.that and its a peice of . other then that the only pro is the mods
game-hours: 89.3
review: this is meant to a realistic simulator right? so far i've only got a huge free smulation of complete lag. Done with Arma 2+3, for the love of God do not make another game Bohemia..you're base game sucks and the mods only suck half as bad..
game-hours: 1221.0
review: This is indeed the best Arma game we have ever seen.
game-hours: 76.5
review: I can just say this game has no real physics... If you play it enough you will hear the term arma'd meaning you fell off some steps and broke your legs or you crashed into a small bush and your truck blows up... If they put forth the effort for real physics then I would give them a thumbs up.
game-hours: 15.1
review: Why is this even in my library I don't own it. Must be from free weekend that happened 20 years ago and steam needs to do more often. Anyway, game was fun but it is definitely NOT worth $60, plus another $18 for DLC. No way. For $60 you could buy two other games, a four pack of condoms, a bag of doritos, a bucket to use while you play games, and still have a bit left over.
game-hours: 4.8
review: 3/10 Bad framerate almost always, steep learning curve, most game modes dont play the military sim it is built for they all play the RPG cops and robbers garbage. Most servers kick you for wrong version even though its the same.
game-hours: 3.8
review: I like the campaign so far but everytime i try and join a MP gmae it wont let me and i dont know why. i really would like to play MP but i cant so im losing out on alot of content :(
game-hours: 4.0
review: Worst game ever
game-hours: 118.3
review: Very realistic, but doesn't run multiplayer at high frames.
game-hours: 105.9
review: Needs some tweaking but overall enjoyable military shooter, i like it.
game-hours: 45.6
review: Ok. I think, generally this game is a truly beatiful modern warfare simulator. This is really one of the best milsim game ever. But. There is a cons, and, of course there are situations that force you to say something like this: "WTF ? My AI teammate stuck in a lying box ? Seriously ?" - especially if the situation is tough and you need fire support from your team. So, AI is really stupid. It's a rare thing for your teammates to properly find optimal waypoint, even, if they just walking behind you. And, of course question of the overall game performance. 4770k/16GB ram/2xSLI 780 and frame drops to 4-5 fps when there are huge explosions. Again, i want to ask the developers - seriosly ? OK. Guys, just optimize the performance, please - this is a really GREAT game suffering from bugs and really bad netcode.
game-hours: 107.8
review: Worst game I've played in a long time, way too complex for a game.
game-hours: 22.6
review: Everbody has played ArmA. Everybody knows that this is the most precise and tactical shooter simulation out there. Everybody knows that Bohemia Interactive are the best game devs in the world. Everbody knows that no AAA game will ever even reach half of the quality of ArmA.
game-hours: 17.2
review: Its an ok game best part of the game is obviously its multiplayer but with the constant connection problems it can be a drag and its not realy worth a buy considering other games do mp better!
game-hours: 77.2
review: i paid 30 pounds for a game that crashes every 5 minutes. I have checked forums and i have tried to fix this problem for the last month. I dont think the issue is with my computer. I dont mind any of the other countless bugs in this game but i draw the line when it crashes constantly. How am i supposed to imerse myself when this is constantly happening. I am gonna just stick with arma 2 which is a fantastic game and has already got a better community.This game is more then just a dissapointment, its unplayable.
game-hours: 12.8
review: Pretty Awesome
game-hours: 89.3
review: this is meant to a realistic simulator right? so far i've only got a huge free smulation of complete lag. Done with Arma 2+3, for the love of God do not make another game Bohemia..you're base game sucks and the mods only suck half as bad..
game-hours: 50.3
review: I have no idea why, but this game is kind of boring. I want to like it, but I can't...
game-hours: 2.6
review: i got the game for free on a steam sale and bc of an update i have buy thte game again.
game-hours: 52.7
review: There shouldn't be any in game purchases. This is how companies loose trust in their customers cause you turn around and screw us by trying to make a cheap buck. Go F**K yourself Bohemia!! You cheap  M*therF**kers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1.5
review: When I First Played It Got Ran Over By A Truck 10/10
game-hours: 27.8
review: Better than Battlefield 4 and every other fps combined times 2
game-hours: 10.2
review: Is there any reason why everyone keeps killing me on recruit difficulty?
game-hours: 645.9
review: I hate this game.
game-hours: 6.1
review: This game is pretty terrible.
game-hours: 10.2
review: Could be very good but isn't simple as that.
game-hours: 281.3
review: Nice game!
game-hours: 27.5
review: it goes of the game by its self it takes the piss
game-hours: 416.4
review: um yeah
game-hours: 79.8
review: Doesn't run that well when playing multiplayer because for some reason they thought it'd be a good idea to load the entire map... Kinda the same mistake Unity made by having 12,000 NPC's on screen at once.. So it's not a bad game at all, very fun and good looking when the game runs smoothly however if you're looking for a fun military simulator that you can play then you might wanna buy Arma 2 instead. So it's not that I dislike this game, I have a lot of fun with it it's just that sometimes I have to run it on low to play it at 30fps at most. I have GTX 970 if anybody's curious so yeah, 7/10. Wouldn't recommend, but it's a fun game still.
game-hours: 1296.5
review: Its A Very Fun Game Espically For Altis Life
game-hours: 97.6
review: i like
game-hours: 538.2
review: It...Is..AMAZING
game-hours: 0.6
review: helmet
game-hours: 21.0
review: Really gr8 game top kek 10/10
game-hours: 124.2
review: Best game in terms of realism and simulation
game-hours: 82.5
review: hAVING FUN IN ARMA THEN I RAN MY CAR INTO PD BACUSE GUY WITH GUN MADE ME AND I WAS ARREST BY A  NAMED TREY
game-hours: 33.4
review: FrankIAm played 500+ hours 11/10 must buy to be cool
game-hours: 446.8
review: I can wear a tron suit and drive around in a GO-CART and blow up bases with an RPG, 10/10
game-hours: 281.8
review: nice work dreamworks studios, expensive and fun shooter.
game-hours: 535.7
review: Its a damn amazing game So much fun, When your roleplaying, Fighting or just playing zeus with your buddies i do feel they tried to soak up money with the helicopter DLC but personally i dont mind they do NEED money for a new engine which im sure they will try to make. When your roleplaying speeding from the popo's in yer trusty hatchback yeling CYA M8 then when you come back around you wheels get popped and your car just stops you just go like .... oh my god D: RUN It has a Very very big and challenging campaign depending on the difficulty your playing at personally im finding the campaign to be alot of fun! and the battles on altis life RPG the battles just OK OK OK this game Has so much content Cons - Old Bohemia Engine - Helicopter DLC was said to be free but then when it came out ._. - yeaa i cant think of much else 10/10 100/100 1000/1000 213819273123712738973/10
game-hours: 47.2
review: Arma 3 seems to have a lot to offer in terms of multiplayer, but still not so much for the player looking to the single player experience.
game-hours: 9.7
review: Played this when it was free. Good game. Its only 30$ right now and i spent my 50$ buck on reign of kings and CIV V cuz i didnt know this was on sale. WORST DECISION OF MY LIFE. I cant believe how bad I missed this amazing deal. Asking any kind soul out there to please gift this to me. It would be much appreciated.
game-hours: 1.4
review: game not recommended lol
game-hours: 25.2
review: Arma 3 is the most expensive game on steam. only people who work at Nasa can aford it, this is because you require a degree in quantum physics to be able to remember the controls.
game-hours: 278.6
review: not bad...could be better if i could find the secret m3lons in it...i was promised m3lons
game-hours: 139.7
review: Too damn expensive with DLC
game-hours: 143.2
review: After several months of trying to use this game I have had enough. Today the latest update removed all the mods in expansions (with no guidance about how to reinstall them) that made this half completed game playable. Despite its huge potential and possibilities, BI have developed and sold a half completed game thats over complex, unintuitive, with poor; single play functions, gameplay and AI command & control, editing and character / vehicle modifications. Despite excellent features (Virtual Arsenal and Editor) they are not interconnected but isolated elements requiring complex and 'out of game' processes to bring them together! When was this acceptable? For some reason its set in 2030 (why?) and relies far to heavily on the modding community to make up for its fundamental weaknesses (e.g. BIPODS for LMG and snipers rifles are an urgent requirement you can not use the weapons effectively (or realistically). But no Bohemia Interactive priorities 'Go Carts' over critical game weakness to be addressed, waiting 2 years to have this addressed in the DLC Stream, can I ask how I get my money back please?
game-hours: 432.6
review: The new update ruined helicopters. total . not sure what kind of  would think the new controls are better.
game-hours: 0.8
review: SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT
game-hours: 11.0
review: some people wait a life time for a moment like this
game-hours: 23.3
review: Best game evea all i play tho is epoch mod XD it's like the better versoin of all dayz related games(better than H1Z1 too)
game-hours: 57.2
review: I luv dis game<3
game-hours: 432.6
review: The new update ruined helicopters. total . not sure what kind of  would think the new controls are better.
game-hours: 2.8
review: where are the crosshairs on this game? if there are any i must be getting unlucky and picking all the servers without them. i mean yeah ok graphics, but bad animation details, doesn't really feel like a shooter when you can't aim down the barrel of your gun, or even see your gun sometimes. The controls for this game are ridiculous, there's no need for all those controls, games not hard they just spent alot of their time putting useless stuff in it.
game-hours: 0.3
review: I don't own this game but it let me write this review. 420/360 - IGN Would review again.
game-hours: 14.8
review: beeest game everrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
game-hours: 143.2
review: After several months of trying to use this game I have had enough. Today the latest update removed all the mods in expansions (with no guidance about how to reinstall them) that made this half completed game playable. Despite its huge potential and possibilities, BI have developed and sold a half completed game thats over complex, unintuitive, with poor; single play functions, gameplay and AI command & control, editing and character / vehicle modifications. Despite excellent features (Virtual Arsenal and Editor) they are not interconnected but isolated elements requiring complex and 'out of game' processes to bring them together! When was this acceptable? For some reason its set in 2030 (why?) and relies far to heavily on the modding community to make up for its fundamental weaknesses (e.g. BIPODS for LMG and snipers rifles are an urgent requirement you can not use the weapons effectively (or realistically). But no Bohemia Interactive priorities 'Go Carts' over critical game weakness to be addressed, waiting 2 years to have this addressed in the DLC Stream, can I ask how I get my money back please?
game-hours: 197.5
review: it's k, 2 bade there$ noe kwickskopin 2/10. Noaw get it u baddie
game-hours: 239.5
review: Whoever is over the aiming department .To you sir i say.....duh....duh...duh...downsyndrom you   .I shoot alot in real life and this...this is just pathetic,like truly pathetic.The skill it takes to hit someone running without a gun is just godlike.In real life hitting fast targets really isnt no more difficult than one moving slow but yall act like it takes a navy seal to shoot a gun.I dont know if yall are part of the anti gun group that thinks you dont have control of your gun while aiming but you do.even a 5 year old does
game-hours: 200.1
review: I tried to 360 n0sc0pe. I teamkilled, its fun. 10/10 - IGN
game-hours: 53.5
review: I just got the game for the free weekend and i loved it,so i bought the game and i do not a at any point wish i did not buy the game
game-hours: 2.8
review: where are the crosshairs on this game? if there are any i must be getting unlucky and picking all the servers without them. i mean yeah ok graphics, but bad animation details, doesn't really feel like a shooter when you can't aim down the barrel of your gun, or even see your gun sometimes. The controls for this game are ridiculous, there's no need for all those controls, games not hard they just spent alot of their time putting useless stuff in it.
game-hours: 21.0
review: so buggy / glitchy, so frustrating, that i dont play it.
game-hours: 1.5
review: I don't even own this game, but really want it, 10/10 would write a review for a game I don't own again
game-hours: 37.1
review: Bugged piece of ****
game-hours: 60.3
review: it is a good game but no matter how good ur pc is it will drop frames and not only that but it is max lock on 30fps plz steam give my money back
game-hours: 8.7
review: U focken wot m8? I swer tu got, i stab u in da arshehole with m,ah chuopsticksz best review ever 1/10 would bang agein! - IGN
game-hours: 87.0
review: Overall, this game is not an enjoyable experience due to several key factors: The foremost being the enemy AI which are unbearably difficult to fight. A lot of the time it seems the game will put nerfed teammates with you againsed enemy AI that are impossible to fight againsed with the weapons and equipment provided. The game will often put you in positions where you are on your own againsed impossible odds -- Not in the fun, challenging way either. More in the way that you're laying in a field by yourself, being bombed, while having to take down several enemies at long range with unsilenced weapons with no cover (keep in mind that these AI spot you the second you fire a weapon and will 1-shot you instantly.). The only reason you should purchase this game is for the mods and multiplayer. This game's optimization is absolutely terrible, so unless you have a really bulked up gaming PC, do not buy this
game-hours: 115.9
review: Compared to arma 2 this game is no where near as good as arma 2 was. Pros: Goodish graphics Better voice acting More enterable buildings slightly more realistic sounds Cons: Terrible FPS on a good PC Hardly any weapons Hardly any air vehicles Altislife is crap So save your money
game-hours: 21.8
review: Doesnt even work
game-hours: 275.5
review: Brought me to my current train of thought. -"Never buy another video game"
game-hours: 6.5
review: Same engine, just prettier with FUTURE CASELESS WEAPONS and UNDERWATER SHENANIGANS. Not worth it, keep playing ArmA2.
game-hours: 49.6
review: awesome game
game-hours: 0.7
review: Nope
game-hours: 480.1
review: Arma 3 ... Hachja ... Erstmal funktionerts nicht, aber jetzt geht es und es ist gelungen. Es hnelt noch sehr an Arma 2, die Grafk wurde sehr schn berarbeitet und Fische schwimmen weg, wenn man ihnen zu nahe kommt ;) Darauf ist Activision bestimmt neidisch. Die Steuerung ist ... Ziemlich schlecht, man muss sich erstmal dran gewhnen. Aber besonders das Tauchen in Arma 3 ist toll. Findet es einfach selbst heraus, warum. 35 Euro ... Naja, lohnt sich nicht direkt, aber wer ein Fan davon ist ,kann es ja mal ausprobieren. Meine Meinung in der bersicht: GUTES: -Gute Grafik -Gute Missionen -Mit Arma 2 OA oder sonst was, kein Ahnung, kann man das Standalone ein wenig ausprobieren ... Also dann gibt es sowas wie eine Alpha fr das DayZ Standalone dazu, wenn man denn Arma 2 ... und so hat. -Uvm. SCHLECHTES: -Niedrige FPS -Schlechte Steuerugn -uvm. --- Wenn es einer hat, sagt mir bescheid, wenn ihr spielen wollt ;)
game-hours: 170.0
review: this game is a pile of
game-hours: 5.5
review: This software is beautiful, absolutely. But the game play is slow and frustrating, making it a negative experience. The AI is absurdly accurate too; you can hide back as far as you want and it doesn't help.... you could have run so far that those enemies are tiny dots even through your scope, hidden under a few bushes and trees a LONG ways away, and they will still repeatedly headshot you. Then you can spend another eternity getting back to where you were in that mission. A few minor bugs aside, I found a couple bugs with the checkpoint system; one example is in an early mission where you are swimming from a boat to attack a small village with a few scuba buddies... but on several occassions that I restarted that mission the NPCs would go completely brain-dead and do exactly nothing. It is a gorgeous product, I just wish there was a high quality game with it.
game-hours: 1.1
review: I have played Call of Duty and Battlefield games . Arma 3 just did not grab my attention . The gameplay sucked , the story sucked. Now I am sure there is a lot of people who love the series and I am happy for them . Arma is not worth the price they are asking . If you must have this game ,wait till it comes on sale DIRT cheap !
game-hours: 99.4
review: jewish game
game-hours: 0.7
review: wow
game-hours: 561.3
review: Best game ever made!
game-hours: 382.4
review: Great Game, But Need Good Computer, YES?
game-hours: 46.7
review: This game lets you have the freedom and creativity to make/play the battles your way. This is not for the casual gamer nor the gamer who gets easily frustrated - most likely caused by the AI's complete stupidity and the terrible damage models. However, this game is stunning. The lighting, shadows and texture quality really push any PC to the limit. I could go on about the bad points, but it's the good aspects of this game which really sets it apart from the rest. If I had to give it a score out of ten - 8/10.
game-hours: 244.5
review: Amazing game. Has some rough edges and some game features i liked in arma 2 that arent here but oh well :D
game-hours: 0.2
review: Boring Do not buy it!
game-hours: 1.6
review: Just buy Arma II operation arrowhead, DayZ mod, and you have a game better than this load of crap.
game-hours: 58.3
review: No.
game-hours: 61.6
review: Masterpiece of Masterpiece!!! C:
game-hours: 10.4
review: Not worth the price. Arma 3 is a quite enjoyable game but far from worth 40 bucks. Why? 1. Singleplayer campaign is lame and unexplained. Though I have to give the community a thumbs up for making some great scenario missions (custom missions). 2.The game is poorly optimized. When driving, flying or anything where your character moves fast, framerate drops to extremely low. I mean like from 90-100 fps to 20-30 fps. That's bad. 3. The graphics on terrain, vehicles and houses are just beautiful. Though the playermodels look like they're from a ps2 game.
game-hours: 103.8
review: Unplayable. Completely not entertaining. The game could probably be amazing but it has practically no logical setup on controls. Essentially the controls whether you use keyboard/mouse, or controller - neither of them make sense and they make you feel like Hellen Keller with a 300 pound head wearing a helmet. The keyboard controls you might as well scrap and make your own because the default ones are so far the worst controls I've ever seen in my life, even far worse than Operation Flashpoint games. Atleast their games had a sense of placement. For example, to use your GPS (on Industry Standard config, which is supposed to be the "most user friendly with other FPS games" is Right Ctrl + M. Seriously? A freaking six year old kid could map the controls and keybindings for this game 300% better than they made them. You can move around easily using WSAD, although if you want to prone or crouch then you better check the controls layout. If you want to aim down your scope instead of your short distance sight, then you have to hit also another button. If you want to jump into a vehicle, then you're SOL and you need to learn advanced algebra to figure it out. As for if you want to play this game on a controller. You have even less luck. Infact, you have NO luck. There's the standard walk around and look but everything else just seems extremely out of place. Whereas in any other human FPS game B on just about any gamepad would be crouch (and hold for prone) but in this game, much like the 2nd Arma, B goes directly to prone, and you have to trick yourself into pressing a completely different button for prone (which oddly enough if you HOLD that button, it'll make you go prone). They obviously didn't know anything about anything when they made this game. Probably is also the explanation why there is barely any base content in this game other than mods you can freely download which is created by fans of the series. Now for this game I used both KM, and an Xbox 360 Controller. Other controllers may have a different outcome. But all in all I can't understand how they can't map 95% of all of the essential things into a simple Xbox Controller. They have a "scheme" for it but it doesn't work, and no matter what you need to use the keyboard - and then I found myself being required to go back to the controller because I couldn't find the right key to do something... For example when getting into a vehicle it was a piece of cake with the controller, but you cannot steer the vehicle in the controller - there's no button to move the steering wheel so then I had to move to the keyboard to drive, but then after I reached the destination I hit every logical button to get out of the vehicle and none worked so I had to resort to using the controller to leave the vehicle. Pretty much in conclusion: If you played and enjoyed the previous Arma games, then this game is probably up your alley because it is a beautiful game, yet extremely unoptomized, and I have a GTX 780Ti with 4.7Ghz CPU as well as 16GB 1866Mhz RAM and it jitters from anywhere from 20FPS to 50FPS. If you are new to the Arma series, or if you enjoy other contemporary FPS games then steer very clear of this game. Personally I was a big fan of Operation Flashpoint, but I also love Battlefield and CoD wasn't all that bad. But they all dominate the Arma series in every single aspect other than the mods support for Arma. As for Arma 3 compared to Arma 2: There are non-authentic weapons in the game unlike in Arma 2 where weapons were much more authetic.
game-hours: 122.1
review: h0w d0 i qu1cksc0pe?
game-hours: 0.9
review: game.
game-hours: 410.7
review: Get to da choppah!1
game-hours: 1770.6
review: yoo
game-hours: 284.9
review: wORST GAME EVER DONT BUY I PLAYED ON MY ALIEN WARE X51 AND IT CRASHES I HAVENT BEEN ABLE TOPLAY FOR MORE THAN 2 MINUTES STRAIGHT ITS BS BUT OTHER THAN THAT ITS A REALLY GREAT GAME SO FUN AND EMERSIVE, BUT JUST PLAIN BORING AND  THOUGH?!
game-hours: 0.6
review: Played it for about thirty-six minutes, I didn't like it, personally I think it's overated, just buy Arma 2: Operation Arrowhead.
game-hours: 1402.9
review: This game is great compared to ArmA 2. Its less clunky and the UI is easier to use. The inventory system is more effective and simple. If you have ever played ArmA 2 then you know the classic missions everyone played. Domination, wasteland, and taki life. Domination has gave way to invade but its still the same. Wasteland hasnt changed, and taki life is now Altis Life. The game itself gives more potential to build upon or come up with better missions. If you arent happy with the current missions, do it yourself or wait a bit. If you are unfamiliar with ArmA then understand this, the game isnt for everyone. This isnt CoD, BF or Planetside 2. You arent going to be constantly stimulated with guns blazing and explosions. But every mode when you die punishes you. Whether it is travel time or losing your hard work. Dying is not something viewed lightly. Which forces people to act smart and fast. Overall, if you are into these style of games. Pick it up, it will be worth it.
game-hours: 55.6
review: Worst game I have ever bought
game-hours: 48.0
review: z
game-hours: 10.0
review: One of the worst engines ever for an FPS.
game-hours: 5.7
review: The controls are extremely confusing and very very numerous, which makes customizing almost impossible. The objectives are very unclear and makes the campaign very difficult and overall a horrible experience. I regret buying this game.
game-hours: 95.4
review: You're sitting here reading this when you could be playing it. WHAT ARE YOU DOING. HIT THAT BUY BUTTON BRO. DO IT. WHY ARE YOU STILL READING C'MON MAN BUY THE GAME. I DON'T GOT ALL DAY IF YOU REALLY SCROLLED DOWN WTF. NOPE. SUCH COMMENTS MUCH CAPS VERY ARMA WOW buy it.
game-hours: 4.8
review: awsome cool
game-hours: 0.5
review: its ok 4/10
game-hours: 5.3
review: After trying for about 5 hours in vain to just get past a small phase in a mission in the game, i can finally say i gave up. above the insanely hardcore combat system, i got killed countless times by mines that i can't understand how to tell their location, so it's just a simple, annoying, random death. Also the game has a lot of bugs, mainly graphic. i'd say the devs rushed too much. 5/10 game health, 3/10 gameplay, 8/10 graphics, -30/10 gameplay forgiveness. Bought the game when it was 50% off and i regret spending every and each $ for this game which i just can't play.
game-hours: 199.8
review: Great game really fun with a group of people and if they try to play it serious its almost seems like you r in there.
game-hours: 67.0
review: I loved it, i really did BUT battle eye destroyed my fan with a global ban to the fase after i did nothing
game-hours: 9.4
review: It's a good game but if you cheat they ban you from every Battleye secured server(all bohemia games) and they don't give back your money... Some people have the same problem when they doesn't cheat yet... I know the cheaters are bad guys and Bohemia just wanted to help for the people who dont't cheatng...but c'mmon...they ruined my life and they stole my money...
game-hours: 74.2
review: 8.5 out of 10! I would definitely recommend this for my grandmother and dog in a heartbeat. Very good game and plan to retire as an MLG with my main game as this
game-hours: 156.7
review: Best game ive ever played amazing graphics good game play lots of game modes just lots to do !! and good FPS all round 10/10
game-hours: 502.6
review: dont buy since the last patch theres been thousands complaining there game crashes
game-hours: 199.4
review: This is not a game. It is an (cr4ppy) engine, which impersonates to be a game. Too much cheating, totally laggy in multiplayer and it has bugs from ArmA & ArmA 2 not fixed yet and I doubt they will ever fix them. Apart from that "trying" to be a simulation, some parts are overkill simulated, where it is totally unnecessary, while other parts are totally not simulated and/or just being there to harass/taunt the PLAYER. I want to play a game with "simulation-like" elements, not a cr4ppy simulation, where the simulated parts are totally BS. Most of the simulation parts are tailored for something. I can not describe it, but it is like trying to light a match, while you are not protecting it with your hands/body to light up. For me this is just ArmA 2 with better graphics and being as e as before. Also even in Sale totally overpriced in what you get. It is like paying for a 10% content game. Did this remind you of buying your last EA or UBISOFT game? It is the same! Before you buy this expensive "engine" watch actual gameplay (not just cut, from Youtube, but real actual gameplay, like on twitch etc.). This game simply lives off the many modders and people around the world, who develop extremely cool modifications based on this cr4ppy engine. FYI nobody ever played the campaign in ArmA2 (becuase its broken :-P) and nobody will in ArmA 3 either... Crucifixion here... get a cheap extra cross for home and your children. This is my POV. If you do not like it, just purchase the game to show off how cool you are. If you like my POV, just add some more hate... xD
game-hours: 251.1
review: Disgusted. I played all the Arma's and really enjoyed Arma 2, that game hit the nail on the head. It had everything, sure it wasn't smooth and optimized but It was a REAL sim with the right mods. It has everything, life, ACE and survival gamemodes. ARMA 3 is disapointing... They added DLC's for that extra dollar which is really disapointing, I want to BUY a game and not WORRY about paying more to enjoy it. Sadly in 2014 every game just about has some sort of DLC or microtransaction. It sucks. ANOTHER PROBLEM: NO ONE EVEN PLAYS THIS GAME FOR WHAT IT WAS INTENDED FOR!!! This is a military sim not a bloody "battle royal on some random Island" or any other gamemode. Theres only like 5 empty servers that actually have proper CO-OP missons and they're usually empty. I feel that all the Arma 2 players like me are the only people to experience the true type of gamemode for this game. Connection issues, a few people have it and this game sucks, I lag so many times until I can properly join and play. Boehimia doesn't care either or they would've patched it. Optimzation... I should'nt even bother, just blame the engine. Little kids, Yes. This game has been advertised to little kids way to much on sites like YouTube. It's gotten to a point where Life servers are full of wingy little  who don't even know how to RP and follow the rules of the server, yet waste admins time. They don't get banned either because most of the time they'll donate for a high postion on the server. Arma 3 is never gonna be the same until something changes drastically. It's alright but no where near as good as Arma 2 was. 6/10
game-hours: 1.2
review: wtf i got it yesterday and now i can play it is there something wrong with steam
game-hours: 5.2
review: not good game
game-hours: 1.0
review: Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuucj
game-hours: 2.9
review: petty gay g4ame do nert buy
game-hours: 1.8
review: Too Complicated! Cant join online games!
game-hours: 1.3
review: I was perma banned even before playing a single match
game-hours: 1.2
review: SPENT A WHOLE ING HOUR TRYING TO LOOK THROUGH MY IRONSIGHTS. CONTROLS ARE  AUDIO ONLY WORKS WITH $500 7.1 SURROUND ur better off just wasting bandwith on pictures of kitty kats
game-hours: 1.0
review: deas game sucks dont play it
game-hours: 0.4
review: nice game !
game-hours: 40.3
review: yes
game-hours: 2.4
review: BAD GAME IS BAD.
game-hours: 3.7
review: this is by far the worst game i have ever played ...36 for this pile of crap . rip off .
game-hours: 783.9
review: Ctrl Alt Delete Alt F4 Fn F10
game-hours: 9.4
review: best game ever on lags a blt but look up vlds pn how to get rld of lag
game-hours: 9.1
review: allltiiiiiissssssssss LIIIIIIIIIFFFFEEEEE
game-hours: 9.9
review: Very unrealistic for a military sim.
game-hours: 713.7
review: It's alright...
game-hours: 37.6
review: HOW DO YOU DOWNLOAD OVERPOCH MOD FOR ARMA 3 PLZ NEED 2 KNOW :(:(
game-hours: 9.9
review: Very unrealistic for a military sim.
game-hours: 0.5
review: its ok 4/10
game-hours: 5.3
review: After trying for about 5 hours in vain to just get past a small phase in a mission in the game, i can finally say i gave up. above the insanely hardcore combat system, i got killed countless times by mines that i can't understand how to tell their location, so it's just a simple, annoying, random death. Also the game has a lot of bugs, mainly graphic. i'd say the devs rushed too much. 5/10 game health, 3/10 gameplay, 8/10 graphics, -30/10 gameplay forgiveness. Bought the game when it was 50% off and i regret spending every and each $ for this game which i just can't play.
game-hours: 713.7
review: It's alright...
game-hours: 2.8
review: Controls are bad. Glitchy. Dont waste you're money.
game-hours: 9.4
review: best game ever on lags a blt but look up vlds pn how to get rld of lag
game-hours: 20.1
review: ing hate this game. Makes my internet constantly drop out and the mods/server browser is extremely glitchy.  you bohmeia
game-hours: 708.7
review: horrible game. very rarely does anything actually work the way its intended to.
game-hours: 0.9
review: Tried it for the "Free Weekend" --1 hour to down load... 15 min. of playing and uninstalling. --From what I could see, the graphics looked really nice across my triple setup and 5760x1080 was natievly supported, so that is good. Too bad I had to uninstall it so fast and couldn't see more, --I hate being told on free weekend, AFTER I bothered downloading, that you can't finish the game, you need to buy it. I wish they would tell me that first. --I could not zoom on the the equipped 10x zoom scope. Just fired blind at the 400m target in training until I hit it. x-box 360 controller use could be better. --The language was terrible. After the last F-Bomb, which was still in just the training part, I had enough and am uninstalling. I know I have it before; "Well that just add's to the realism, that is how people talk". Well I am people, and I was also in the military, and that is not how I talk, If you can't find more creative ways to expresive yourself than constantly using expletives, it just shows your lack of maturity and brains. This may very well be the best military game you play and you love it dearly, but it is deinately not for me.
game-hours: 217.3
review: This game was good but, developers lost their minds and game is downgrading. They dont make additional things that ppl ask for (still no working bipods, no fastroping builded in the helis) half of the vehicles are mix of everything from every nation available in the game, There was plenty of a time to release really stabilized version but still every patch just  ups everything, right now optimalization is below A$$
game-hours: 192.2
review: awesome
game-hours: 2.6
review: Not that great of an experience for me, lots of people like it but this is just an opinion. :) (Wasted 70$) I never play this game. :(
game-hours: 386.0
review: ur last update sukx so bad. what did it for me is ya'll changed the sniping scopes to 10x zoom max and u can't even snipe with that, i'm a longrange sniper that snipes from 2 km and have to the 60x zoom that was on the sos and until u bring it back i'm done with ur game, I AM NOT RECOMMENDING THIS ANYMORE BECAUSE OF WHAT U DID BOHEMIA. this used to be the best game ever until they changed sniper scopes' max zoom BOHEMIA YA'LL SUK, NOT EVERYONE USES MARKSMAN RIFLES SOME PEOPLE USE THE SNIPER RIFLES AND ACTUALLY SNIPE PEOPLE FROM 2 KM WITH THE LLR AND IF U DON'T PUT THE SCOPES THE WAY THEY USED I'M GOING TO UNINSTALL, RIGHTN NOW ITS NOT GOING TO BE PLAYED, U GOT A WEEK TO FIX IT OR I WILL UNINSTALL, AND GIVE REALLY BAD REVIEWS ON EVERY SINGLE SITE
game-hours: 375.0
review: dont have it
game-hours: 11.1
review: Its . dont play. BErnie IMpulse bought and hates it. every second he has played got him closer to commititing suduko
game-hours: 4.0
review: 10/10 worst game ever. Horrible controls, extremely unbalanced,  graphics. The developer should be ashamed of this travesty.
game-hours: 95.8
review: horrible
game-hours: 11.0
review: gay game idk what i'm supposed to do half the time srs
game-hours: 1.4
review: I recommend getting arma 2 instead, this one sucks
game-hours: 26.1
review: Not good.TOo complex..
game-hours: 33.3
review: This will probably be the only ARMA review I will ever write considering my opinion on these games remains largely the same across all iterations. Bohemia Interactive relies on their   licking modding community to make these games playable. Everything in this game feels lazy, unpolished, and Mexican made. The servers lag all over the place and the playerbase consist of 12 year old children and autistic 400 pound mouth breathing neckbeards. This game is a #DontGiveYourMoneyToIncompitentLazyDevelopers out of 10.
game-hours: 15.0
review: Terrible AI / Terrible Story
game-hours: 80.4
review: AI snipes you with automatic rifles from miles away. AI drives into walls and trees and buildings. Game LOOKS terrible, with garbage HDR lighting system making everything too dark to see, or headache inducingly bright. Stratis map is amazingly bland and uninteresting, hundreds of miles of samey boring Greek villas. Really sad game.
game-hours: 122.8
review: 1/10 this game is very bad, the game is very slow paced and has no kill streaks whatsoever. Also the soundtrack is really bad and contains no Skrillex or even Major Lazer. This all adds up to me not being able to show noobs how much of a dominant player I am. Do not buy this, put it down and play the new Call of Duty instead.
game-hours: 21.3
review: Give my money back please...or a copy of GTA V!
game-hours: 0.9
review: An absolute waste of money. The game is unplayable if you don't use a mouse. Not designed for a modern gaming system; ever heard of an XBox 360 controller? To Steam: I want my money back you thieves. THIS is why PC games are dying.
game-hours: 50.5
review: like urealistic cod with  guns lel
game-hours: 0.3
review: UGG! another boring shooter.
game-hours: 1.0
review: it cost to much
game-hours: 35.9
review: what the hell battaleye i got a bloody globle ban for what i did use any hack and i got ban for some resone what the hell in going on i use all my money for this and now i got ban for some reson what the hell
game-hours: 1.0
review: it cost to much
game-hours: 35.9
review: what the hell battaleye i got a bloody globle ban for what i did use any hack and i got ban for some resone what the hell in going on i use all my money for this and now i got ban for some reson what the hell
game-hours: 50.5
review: like urealistic cod with  guns lel
game-hours: 10.0
review: i very much recomend this game
game-hours: 5.7
review: ARMA IS COOL, BLACK ? BLACK ARMY ?
game-hours: 91.6
review: not enough fries
game-hours: 0.2
review: it gay
game-hours: 376.1
review: u u no mak afford for frend  u
game-hours: 43.8
review: bad compatability otherwise its ok
game-hours: 9.0
review: Runs like , i have amd 7950 and the game wont go above 30 fps no matter what i do
game-hours: 564.6
review: This game has a million possibilities. It is at this moment one of the most fun games i have ever played. Arma 3 offers nice gameplay with smooth and nice graphics, there is not that many bugs and the mods you can play on it is endless! If you ever buy this you MUST play altis life on Altislife.co.uk servers... Number 1 altis life server :)
game-hours: 95.3
review: best game ever
game-hours: 0.3
review: UGG! another boring shooter.
game-hours: 92.0
review: Arma sucks
game-hours: 0.3
review: :3
game-hours: 60.6
review: I really like this game but i only got to play it for the weekend i just dont have money to get it im not that welthy i wish someone could buy it for me but no one will so geuss ill have to save up for it D:
game-hours: 189.1
review: Do not buy this cash grab. Bohemia refuses to fix their multiplayer performance issues after this long? The game is practically unplayable on multiplayer, even with an i7 4770k and 2x GTX 780 Ti. Complete garbage, never ever buy a game from bohemia interactive again.
game-hours: 84.3
review: i'm in me mums car
game-hours: 2.2
review: Call of Duty is better
game-hours: 114.5
review: Do not recommend, Stay away!
game-hours: 77.1
review: id rather eat someones ashes then play this game. Ive spent $60 on papper once and thatwas more enjoyable then this ing piece of . This makes Call Of Duty look fun.  this piece of  game.
game-hours: 5.5
review: this game ing sucks
game-hours: 18.9
review: lag and more lag and under deleivered unfinished product
game-hours: 518.2
review: Meh...
game-hours: 3.4
review: its bad
game-hours: 0.9
review: Cannot invert Y axis for controller. There is an option to "customize", but you will have to remap the entire scheme because there are missing/double binds. I'm too old and set in my ways to change my ingrained play style for one game. Pulling back on the stick to look up is reflex for me.
game-hours: 20.5
review: no
game-hours: 4.7
review: I have a brand new $3000 ALIENWARE computer and this game lags, tried putting the grafics on min did not work, then tried to use the game's "auto setting" still did no work. To best describe the lag, its smooth for 8 seconds and lags for 4 seconds, and never stops that cycle, extremley annoyning, game seems fun but unplayable do to this, BIG WASTE OF MONEY DO NOT BUY.
game-hours: 125.9
review: I liked this game.. until BattleEye gave me a global ban just because I used cheatengine to change a number in SINGLE PLAYER for giving me equipment. That result is a Global ban. Is this fair? I do not think so.
game-hours: 2.1
review: No.
game-hours: 205.8
review: Arma 3 is great war simulator besides some bugs / glitches you might encounter along the way, it is not like your usual shooter where you run and gun it requires patience and communication with your squad / team to be successful.
game-hours: 5.4
review: This game gosh darned mother flopping geddon
game-hours: 0.4
review: It's nothing but a thoroughly boring Call of Duty clone. And by that, think "Call of Duty" only more sluggish, lesser-quality graphics, a tutorial that drags on and on, and a weapons customization system ripped straight from Battlefield. I got this game for free and I want a refund on my time wasted playing it.
game-hours: 0.5
review: 2 days  you
game-hours: 6.2
review: Pistols don't work properly.
game-hours: 412.1
review: it is just a game not a ing military simulator.
game-hours: 0.3
review: sucks
game-hours: 38.9
review: Pretty pissed off that i spent 60 bucks on this game for it to go on sale for 30 bucks a week and a half later.....
game-hours: 13.3
review: Wanted to like it. Tried to like it. I just can't get into it, or the Arma 2 games. Too tedious and annoying. All water under the bridge, but I would like to have back all the money I've spent on the Arma series.
game-hours: 5.2
review: Not for me. I regretfully spent $60 on this game because i like the dayz mod. I know some people will say it's a simulator, but at the same time it's a game, and it's not fun at all. You randomly spawn, always in a town by your lonesome. You trek lightyears ahead to find any action or objective that's randomly changing but the moment you step out of your vehicle you get sniped from an army of dudes in the mountains. Rinse and repeat. I'm normally a multiplayer first, kind of guy but the campaign/bootcamp is entertaining. The game is also an insane rig to run without any framerate. I shouldn't need to watch youtube videos to learn how to make the game run decent.
game-hours: 48.1
review: Alright game. It's poorly optimized so you need a monster to run this well. I run on low settings with a gaming laptop, my specs are 8 gb ram, 740m video card, and I get 15-20 fps which is super . Comparatively, I play BF3 on high settings with 30-40 fps easily. Overall, if it were optimized properly and the community worked together more, it would make the game a 10/10. However, lacking these aspects I have to give it a 6.
game-hours: 103.2
review: this is what GTA V multiplayer should have been like , it's a ing awesome game
game-hours: 92.4
review: nice game ,but waste of money, disappointed.
game-hours: 65.1
review: One of the biggest scams in Steam game store. Deserves its Metascore of 74. If you liked ArmA 2 then just think of all the things that were good about that game (lots of real world guns, vehicles, etc). Now think about all of those things taken away. Now double the price. Enjoy ArmA 3, with a bad netcode and crappy user generated content. At least people who bought it when it was still unfinished only put a 34.99 USD deposit, but well, game is not finished, now it is 59.99 USD with a bunch of gimmick DLC. ArmA 2: Combined Operations, the previous title in the series, has over 10 times the content for around 40% of this game's price.
game-hours: 206.6
review: ARMA 3 is one of the best Military Simulators out so far i would recommend this game to any hardcore gamer because of the realistic situations and the way that bohemia have introdueced medics into the game rather than just recovering over time like in call of duty or battlefield. 10/10
game-hours: 367.2
review: Flying a Heli in just your underwear is a great experience.. Awsome Visuals, Cool Experience
game-hours: 15.0
review: Great, game
game-hours: 57.5
review: An amazing piece of work by Bohemia, again.
game-hours: 65.5
review: This game has many bugs and issues but they are overlooked when you are playing because it is just so much fun. I play wasteland personally because when I play with friends it's just so entertaining. There are not many gamemode/missions but they are fun to play. I would recommend anyone this for the multiplayer with or without friends. The single player campaign is good to so if you are not up for multiplayer that will keep you entertained.
game-hours: 108.3
review: Slowly becoming addicted, the mods make this game what it is. Although it deserves a lot of praise as vanilla Arma 3
game-hours: 112.9
review: Yes I recommend this game! It totally lives up to its price! You should play it because there is awesome graphics! I playing it and the is Stratis Life its the best Life rp there is! So Buy this game!
game-hours: 25.1
review: Squad-leader's brains got splattered all over me before I could finish taking off my pants. 9/10
game-hours: 96.9
review: Where is my Deluxe Edition Extra content that I paid for???
game-hours: 34.9
review: another arma 3 game .......... already a good game
game-hours: 90.6
review: Amazballs
game-hours: 543.2
review: It is what battlefield 3/4 should of bin. Great game anyone who loved Bf2 should get this game
game-hours: 91.8
review: This game should be for the MAC OSX OPERATING SYSTEM!
game-hours: 670.4
review: An awesome game not like any other military games u need more tactics in this one i like it alot i spend more then 400hrs on this game specialy the altis life mod
game-hours: 238.5
review: Such a fun game with all of the mods and game modes like Altis Life, King of the Hill, Custom Maps, etc. I would recomend this to anyone who likes fps or military games.
game-hours: 242.2
review: Opposing AI is smart. Friendly AI is dumb. Modding saved this game at the start. Hopefully the devs continue to release quality work and fix their issues.
game-hours: 6.5
review: This game is so unoptimized it is redicolus, I WANT MY MONEY BACK !!!! I SHOULD OF PIRATED THIS PIECE OF DUTY. CALL OF DUTY IS BETTER THAN THIS  OMG MY RAGE IS GONNA GIVE ME A HEART ATTACK AND IM GONNA SUE. NEVER AGAIN WILL I BUY AN ARMA GAME AGAIN . NO I DONT RECOMEND TO A FRIEND AHHHHHHHHHHGHHHHHFHFDHDSFHSDHFHSD
game-hours: 150.8
review: A great game and ever evolving sandbox! I highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 1.0
review: Boring as hell! Arma games are so overated, I played Arma 2 and Arma 3, both have the same issues, boring gameplay, and optimized like crap! I can play most of the games at 1080p/60fps but this game even on low settings I always got like 20-30fps, thats very sad since this is a pc game only, the game is just not well optimized
game-hours: 448.5
review: This is an awesome game!! Really realistic. So far everything that i could want in a shooter and more.
game-hours: 65.6
review: One of the best FPS games ive played by far recommend to anyone
game-hours: 127.9
review: Amazing game, get it and come play Altis Life.
game-hours: 89.1
review: One word - CLASSIC.
game-hours: 713.8
review: good
game-hours: 57.1
review: Haven't played much of the game but from what I have, I can definitely say I'd recommend it to anyone who enjoys FPS war simulation games. The campaign will challenge you. There are an assortment of co-op missions and the game supports steam workshop as well as various other mods and added missions. The multiplayer is where this game shines. With several different game types that will keep you coming back for more. If you get bored of doing the usual from what this game offers you can join fun multiplayer game types such as Altis Life, Battle Royal, or Wasteland. I'm not sure if I would have spent the asking price of this game; however, if you can get it on sale it is definitely worth around $30 for as much as you'd get out of the game.
game-hours: 55.5
review: Played co-op invade and annex last night multiplayer last night for the first time, told all of the other players that I was new, and many people were friendly with helping me out and showin me some tips. Played for 4 hours, and love it already!
game-hours: 10.3
review: It is good
game-hours: 191.1
review: This game is absolutely ridiculous in the fact that there is SO much more to this game than shooting and killing. I was sick and tired of the neverending onslaught that is Call of Duty and Battlefield. While I see both of those as fun in a fast paced competitive environment, I wanted to find a shooter that had more of a roleplay aspect to it. ArmA 3 is exactly what I was looking for. You can't just run out in the open and expect 360 across the map headshots while hipfiring with an SMG (one the maps are huge and two bullet drop). Cover can keep you alive while in a deadly firefight and can keep you alive while your buddy tries to save you with his gunship he stole from an enemy base. Also, there is a free movement camera by holding the alt key which changes the fixed camera in typical first person shooters. You can be running into a forest while looking to your right and you might notice an enemy patrol and can drop to cover before they notice you. And then there's the mods. There are so many different mods to make the game sound and look better and modded game modes that add even further role play in the game. I spent about 80 hours in one week addicted to one of those game modes and ended up missing a few days of school because I was sucked in. THIS GAME IS BEST WHEN PLAYING WITH FRIENDS!!!
game-hours: 7.8
review: Im going to be completely Honest, I bought this game almost exculsively to play the battle royale game mod. As such, i have played very little of the actual campaign of vinilla experience. I can say though that if you like or enjoyed ARMA style games, you will appreciate the leve of detail and dedication to realism this series provides. The controls are responsive, and the guns handle amazingly. Every time i died, it was 99% my fault and the other the lag I blame and curse over the microphone as I mourn my body. If you apprciate more realism to your games then straight up, over the top action, I would recomend giving this series a try. I did not mind spending the money and I bought this before the summer sale. I would highly recomend looking at the modding scene as well which is normally very active with ARMA series titles (Look at the dayz mod)
game-hours: 151.3
review: Definitely a game for big kids, not at all your typical shooter. playing it for the first time wasn't easy by all means, but once you get the hang of it, it'll be so much more fun o play than call of duty or battlefield.
game-hours: 2.3
review: it's cool but it's hard but it's good
game-hours: 660.5
review: campaign wont work well wont let me start it
game-hours: 916.4
review: Much Fun. Such Enjoyment. Wow. Good Sandbox game. Love the Altis Life mod/gamemode.
game-hours: 185.8
review: cool game =]
game-hours: 14.6
review: awsome game want it soooooooooooooo bad
game-hours: 2.0
review: Runnig into battle with no pants and a MG 10/10
game-hours: 694.8
review: good game
game-hours: 0.3
review: low fps (-25 most of the time) without anything going on my system: GTX 570 AMD FX-6300 16 GB DDR3 1600 MHz
game-hours: 5.2
review: This game is a VERY well made military simulator. It is very realistic, unlike most fps games. I'm not discrediting Call of Duty or Battlefield, but this game is a much more realistic experience.
game-hours: 156.1
review: The server browser sucks , it cuts out your internet everytime you refresh the list of servers and the game is poorly optimized, but once you actually get into the game it is a lot of fun.
game-hours: 295.7
review: The one thing redeeming about this game was King of the Hill. They just broke it witrh the newest patch. Don'ty waste your money till they fix it because its unplayable.
game-hours: 94.8
review: Not recommended yet. As of Jan/2014 bugs still exist in the game and the single-player campaign isn't finished. I bought it because I found it at 50% off and ARMA II OA multi-player servers were fewer and fewer, except for Day-Z, but that's not my thing. What I don't like the most about ARMA III is the small amount of content available (without mods) and it's futuristic stance. It's a matter of personal preference but I like to see vehicles and weapons that one can find in today's battlefields. And I really miss the "Taliban"! Graphics are quite good but performance in the game is a mixed experience, it can be ok for most of the game but then you get near an explosion and the whole thing slows to a crawl. My advice is: wait. Even at 50% off. EDIT: After launch ArmA has been getting better and with some good and free updates. Despite still missing some "old" content, I'm changing my recommendation to a "buy discounted".
game-hours: 63.7
review: I would reccomend this game to anyone who has played Arma before. I wouldn't reccoment it to anyone who hasn't played a previous Arma game because to a new comer the controlls and idea behind the game are a bit cofusing. Arma 2 is a bit easier for noobs but this game is great!
game-hours: 27.7
review: Best. GAME. EVER!
game-hours: 147.0
review: definnitly not for every body but a good choice for those who enjoy a more tactical shooter, and by tactical i mean really effin tactical like u die in two shots, need to take 10 minutes planing ur next move tactical. like i said definatly not for everybody but a good alternative to cod and bf. 8/10
game-hours: 55.7
review: The mods for this game are what define it. Altis Life, King of the Hill, Breaking Point, Wasteland are all great games in their own right.
game-hours: 550.6
review: much guns such war
game-hours: 17.1
review: Simply the best military simulation around.
game-hours: 105.8
review: One of the best combat/military simulators I've played yet. The intensity and pace is unlike nothing i've experienced in a fps/shooter before. If you are looking for a game that's slower and diverse than CoD or Battlefield, I highly reccomend this game.
game-hours: 33.9
review: Most realistic warfare game around.
game-hours: 70.4
review: I love arma. The series is true to tension in combat and execution is so beautiful it's artistic. I wish it wasn't so battleeye crazy though, since that software loves to glitch servers running mods like Epoch. The modding scene for this title is incredible and I've run the game both as a player and server admin of 30+ players. The customization for players to experience from dedicated admin is absolutely mind boggling. I once ran an instance of the game with a nuke mod on the server and had players deal with air raids ontop of the typical conflict, with temporary radiation zones and super mutants that came out of the devesation to stalk the lands. I can't recommend this game enough. I have never experienced a bug I couldn't attribute to something I did to the game.
game-hours: 1026.2
review: Arma 3 is really cool. Improved graphics over Arma 2 as you would expect with a newer version. If your looking for a war sim check this out. Mods are also available to extend the gameplay.
game-hours: 500.8
review: Best game you'll get for thirty pound.
game-hours: 102.9
review: This is the best FP(Tactical)S by far, I don't think there is any real competition out there. Unlike most other FPS's, this gem of a game has longevity. Yes you have a Campaign Mode and other SinglePlayer/Multiplayer scenarios {made by an ever growing army of fans} which you can download from the ARMA III Workshop but you also get to create your own missions in the Mission Editor/Creator, I don't think there are many(if any) other FPS's that offer that much depth in their games.
game-hours: 87.6
review: Well  yes I highly recommend this game. It's so intense!!
game-hours: 358.2
review: many fun can get 5 fps at everything low would play
game-hours: 233.8
review: I dieded
game-hours: 54.3
review: Very good game, would recommend it to anyone who wants to feel like they are playing a realistic shooter not your silly game style that comes with Call of Duty!
game-hours: 272.9
review: Arma 3 has made me hate every other FPS, because in arma you have the freedom to do what ever you want. The games modding community is great, which keeps the game interesting with new maps, guns, vehicles, etc. The game is not that well optimised but it performs well enough and looks great. There is a lot of great gamemodes that get overshadowed by wasteland and altis life gamemodes. One great example is Teetimes captrure the island gamemode. The zeus dlc is a great tool to make cool missions on the fly and the great thing about is that you dont need a dedicated community for it, you can just jump on a public game and have fun. Arma has incredibly detailed mission editor in which you can spend tons of time just exploring the map, blowing up some ai, learning to fly a helicopter, and so on. If you like shootters and would like to play something more realistic get arma 3.
game-hours: 271.8
review: Extremely fun military simulation. Beautfiul simulation and great controls/gameplay. But the thing I love the most I Altis Life gamemode in multiplayer its one of the best thing Iv ever played theres so many options to do whatever you like.
game-hours: 55.9
review: Really worth buying. You can go ride go-karts, play Battle Royale with friends, play Breaking Point with friends, play Wasteland with friends. The only problem with the game is when you don't have any friends that have this game to play with. 9/10 from me.
game-hours: 113.5
review: I would recommend this game to anyone who wants to have diversity from being able to play a milsim to somebody who wants to mod the living daylights out it, there are many mods that subtle changes to the drastic changes like the DayZ mod. i think it has the variety to be able to keep any player attracted the ARMA series for a long time.
game-hours: 35.5
review: Highly recomend this game to anyone who wants to buy it as there is no game crashing bugs, lots of fun in battle royal and for people who like a mixture of guns and drugs Scareface style should really play Altis life RPG.
game-hours: 279.6
review: Incredible game, the definitive military simulator
game-hours: 2.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 564.2
review: Best game out!
game-hours: 698.6
review: preety good
game-hours: 80.6
review: Ive played vary little of this game but i do forsee many many hours of fun gameplay in the future !
game-hours: 219.2
review: I've got to say, Arma 3 is one of my favorite games. The base game is fun by itself, but the real fun comes in when you play wwith mods. Arma 3 provides you with Wasteland (survival teambased mode), Altis Life (An RP), Breaking Point (working DayZ SA), and multiple more. This vast amount of solid content shows how good of a game it is.
game-hours: 333.9
review: Wurf! your CESH $$
game-hours: 113.2
review: Great game but isn't as expansive as arma 2. Amazing graphics though
game-hours: 210.6
review: Great game, kinda buggy but its a great step up from ArmA II
game-hours: 362.8
review: This is by far the best game i've ever played!!!
game-hours: 77.6
review: Arma 3 in my opinion is the best one in the series, fun multiplayer, campaign, and all the mods. I certainly recommend this game to anyone
game-hours: 152.3
review: One of the best games i've ever played!
game-hours: 102.5
review: Cool looking game but way too many issues still. Enemy AI is still ridiculous. Even the pistol still doesn't show up in the holster, yet they are releasing DLC. Overall it's ok but not really worth the current price.
game-hours: 22.2
review: Not for the weak hearted. Seriosly, I sat on a rock observing for 7 hrs. Not fun. Overall great game.
game-hours: 76.9
review: This is the greatest tactical game ive played other games in this genre none of them can compete with arma 3's huge map and amazing graphics while having amazing gameplay.
game-hours: 121.7
review: Good game!! great graphics
game-hours: 4.4
review: This game is one of the most dissapointing games i have ever bought into. All that promise and potential and they joke and screw around with Kart DLC as a joke then want to sell it back to us at $3+? Is this real life? No i would not recommend this at all, stay with arma 2. They should have stayed in greece.
game-hours: 39.0
review: I like chicken, and bacon too. Oh.. Yeah, Arma3 is pretty sick aswell...
game-hours: 1.5
review: Best Military Sandbox, most fustrating FPS I ever played.
game-hours: 155.4
review: Dissapointing amount of vanilla content to be honest, and with the DLC coming it sucks even more, but a worthy upgrade from arma 2 or an entry into arma if you have the #cashmoney.
game-hours: 208.3
review: T-bagged someone with only a combat helmet and night-vision goggles. 12/10
game-hours: 11.0
review: Large improvement over arma 2, still needs work tho in my humble opinion. And optimisation! rolling it on a mid range system produces less than playable results exactly when you need it to run smoothly the most: multiplayer firefights. There's something inherently wrong with the way you program your game engines guys. Probably make a better game engine, one that handles all the stuff it ha to do in a smart way, so you don't need a top of the line PC to play on medium quality! All in all, it's worth buying. Not going to improve much in the areas it suffers, because they are tied in with the game engine, but as technomogy catches up, it will be fun to play the mods people are making for this, just like dayz was... without the cheaters hehe. Props to Rocket for that one, but dayz standalone is still a total fail...
game-hours: 4.9
review: omfg this game is beast
game-hours: 626.1
review: Ran 400m then my soldier of the "future" started having an a asthma attack 11/10
game-hours: 35.8
review: Very Very Goodd Game :D you must buy it ;)
game-hours: 186.2
review: Awesome game! You will need more than a decent computer to run this game though.
game-hours: 491.8
review: Its FREAKING AWESOME!!! blackwinggaming.co.uk ALTIS LIFE
game-hours: 1051.1
review: Amazing
game-hours: 988.4
review: One of the best
game-hours: 497.5
review: Amazing and submersive game. There are quite a few bugs, but they aren't enough to make the game non enjoyable.
game-hours: 414.3
review: Another amazing game from BI, ARMA 3 is great when playing with friends and even people you might not even know, some missions require teamwork or you will probably fail. Although it has its pros and cons : Pros: Amazing engine Nicely detailed gear and vehicles etc (not really an eye sore) Somewhat good community A different campaign which talks about a island that is in the state of war. Steam Workshop Cons: There are not a ton of vehicles and weapons, most of them are just the same. More clothing then actual things like vehicles. ETC 9/10 Awesome game but really needs more content in the original game.
game-hours: 63.2
review: large scale elephant
game-hours: 275.2
review: 11/10 really good game i think that anyone that like dayz the game will like arma 3 the fps is amazing good game!
game-hours: 964.0
review: Really good game and there is always something new to do if you get bored of one game mode. You have complete control on editor and There are many other online game modes to choose from. If you were thinking about getting it , i really recommend you do.
game-hours: 14.4
review: Very realistic to live situations.
game-hours: 20.1
review: The closest you can get to actually flying a helicopter, driving a tank and shooting a gun without actually touching any of them.
game-hours: 36.3
review: Solid graphics, but too many issues.. 1. Swaying is extremely unrealistic, your character literally sways his gun so much it could be considered an arm excercise <.< 2. Enemy skill is unbelievable.. they can literally shoot you from 200 yards away with iron sights while you are slightly out of cover prone (Lowest enemy AI settings applied) 3. After shooting an enemy, their bodies bend like the bullet applies an incredible amount of force 4. Squad AI and UI is so wonky that I would rather just follow than lead.. 5. It doesn't feel rewarding to complete missions, it's like I accomplished nothing I am only recommending this game because it's challenging and visually exceptional. However, if you are looking for a game that isn't extremely frustrating at points this isn't for you. I really hope these issues are resolved..
game-hours: 911.7
review: This is CRAZY !!!! BEST GAME EVER but you nned a decent computer i got a msi and i play the game on ultra (the max) at 25-35 fps that is the playable fps
game-hours: 723.9
review: Spawned as a bunny in Kavala, runned all the way up to Sofia. Best bunny simulator 11/10
game-hours: 490.3
review: Amazing game really fun to play with friends! lots of different game types to play so it's hard to get bored!
game-hours: 11.4
review: This game is probably if not the best modern (Well almost modern) First/third realistic warfare simulator you can get out there... It may not have content worth $60, but the modding community on this game keep it going and keep adding new content to the game.. If you want a version of this game (with worse graphics,animations, and Ai) but has loads of more content play arma 2 combined ops its cheaper... But i recomend this game do to its shear scale and the improved engine... In all both games i recommend but this one stands out... If anything buy this game on sale.
game-hours: 152.8
review: Plssss make free weekend. I think about buy this gae but i don't know it's run on my computer!
game-hours: 890.2
review: A little bit expensive but worth it in my opinion. The possiblilties are endless.
game-hours: 25.3
review: OH fk.... GRAPHICS SOOO GOOOOOOOOOOD
game-hours: 27.1
review: First arma game ive owned along with great frist impressions.
game-hours: 1446.9
review: absolutely epic do what you want how you want, whether that be a tightly controlled mission a la other modern shooters or a massive open sandbox with an unlimited ammo box and hundreds of bots. or make it PvP or RPG the missions are out there and are all great fun.
game-hours: 383.7
review: Sooooooooooo cool.
game-hours: 10.0
review: Only get if your crazy about first-person and third-person simulators. But, bottomline this game has tons of guns, and as I say, "Still better than CoD!"
game-hours: 86.5
review: This game is excellent! So much better the Arma 2 and OA gameplay wise. 11/10
game-hours: 83.8
review: best game , sniped pilot out of helicopter/10
game-hours: 126.8
review: This game is great. Its bugy and clunky but that only adds to its charm. Highly mod-able its like 100 games in one. I would not pay 60 for wait for it to go on sale. I got it for 30 durring the summer sale.
game-hours: 291.1
review: This Arma 3 is i think the best war sim out on any platform yeah battlefield is cool and good but the scale and detail in this game is amazing and it gets better with every update and with the community workshop, it opens up the game to never ending ideas with the in game editor, and the new Zeus addition to the game makes it even better and dont forget the mods. I love this game.
game-hours: 587.1
review: This game is awesome!
game-hours: 49.5
review: BAD GAME ALWAYS FREEZES ALOT OF UPDATES DONT WORK DONT BUY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!WASTE MONEY
game-hours: 17.4
review: I run around with no clothes on and shoot bad guys 10/10 would shoot bad guys naked again
game-hours: 9.7
review: y duz it hav to lag
game-hours: 180.2
review: Buggy as  but amazingly good fun with mates. 10/10 would get into an aircraft and spontaneously combust again.
game-hours: 47.0
review: its a nice game but its better when you have a good pc i can get up to 30 fps on my lap top on all the setings down of course but thats really good for a lap top especially for a game that took me 8 hours to install
game-hours: 48.8
review: is good
game-hours: 78.9
review: battle eye is so ing stupid got a Global ban for logging on to a server
game-hours: 107.6
review: Don't come here if you like to rush things. Ignore the worthless MetaScore. The power in Arma's longevity is in the ultra powerful game editor giving players the ability to custom design every aspect of the game, the missions, design/build weapons, anything you can imagine is possible in Arma 3 and amazing DirectX 11 gfx. With Arma editor, only your imagination is the limit. It is possible to simulate and relive just about any (tactical) situation imagineable. Six to ten years from now, you'll be playing Arma. You will keep coming back to Arma, long after you have completed and forgotten loads of other games. I'm a Operation Flashpoint veteran, the grandad of Arma 3 that appeared in 2001.
game-hours: 312.1
review: I tried to love ARMA 2, but i rarely ever felt like i was having fun. Everything just seemed like such hard work. On this basis i didnt buy ARMA 3. A mate got it for me as a gift about a month ago. I have been playing it almost non-stop ever since. The graphics are better, the game play is better. Its still far from the perfect game, but everything that was in the ARMA 2 package is here but better. For me this game is about the 'total being greater than the sum of its parts'. This game is still hard, with sometimes sluggish controls, and 'basic' graphics, but when viewed in context of the true scale and depth of what they have acheived is it quite amazing. It still feels like there is more for the series to acheive, but based on this improvement curve ARMA 5 will come with a free box of Kleenex. The gameplay is certainly not for everyone. Dont think war game, think sandbox battle simulator. If you are unsure about making the committment i would suggest buying ARMA 2 for a song and giving it a try. Although not as good, the gameplay still gives a taste of what you can expect from the all round better ARMA 3.
game-hours: 46.9
review: Game is all well and good. But I really hate the fact that they put the game this far in the future! The weapons are absolute crap! I'm shocked that they didn't just say to hell with it and give you ing lazer guns. I love the addition of scuba options and implementing body armor and customizing your own outfit and the campaign is interesting plus voice acting is much better than ARMA 2. Id give this a 6 out of 10 because I am not happy that I am gonna have to download a  load of mods to play the game with equipment and vehicles that should of been implemented in the first place.
game-hours: 19.6
review: Very good game and love it even more with the mods that I have put on it
game-hours: 170.8
review: Very good in Rp mode 7.5/10
game-hours: 176.7
review: awesome
game-hours: 448.8
review: I love all the different mods that are made for this game, everyone you load up is a completely new experience allowing for hours of gameplay without getting bored. However this game is not fast paced like BF4 and COD, so it takes alot more tactics, and works best when you have a group of people to work with.
game-hours: 873.1
review: Just... Awesome
game-hours: 211.6
review: Bought it for the advanced military simulation aspects. It was fun for 1 hour in single player It was fun for 10 hours in multiplayer Then it was like "meh" Kept playing for the massivly moddable and diverse multiplayer. In particular Altis Life!!
game-hours: 36.8
review: Awesome game that makes COD and BF4 look stupid. If you have a lot of spare time on your hands then go for it. 9/10
game-hours: 733.1
review: If you want the closest thing to war a video game can bring, than this is for you. The modding community is strong and you can find a surplus of weapons, vehicles, maps, units, etc, to play with.
game-hours: 112.4
review: best game ever
game-hours: 53.2
review: This (like all the other ArmA games) is a great game. There is just so much to do with the workshop that I would never get bored. Multiplayer is also fun. Single Player : I don't really play single player in ArmA games mainly because the AI, but it is great. Mutliplayer : Multiplayer is awesome! You can play actual gamemodes like Invade & Annex, Wasteland, or Domination. Then you can play the RP gamemodes like Altis life or Takistan life. I give this game a 8/10 Could be optimized better.
game-hours: 1118.6
review: I got 65 dollars for selling an apple. Best game ever 11/10
game-hours: 568.1
review: Worth the buy
game-hours: 1399.9
review: This is the best game ever being the most realistic FPS i know of and its also my favorite FPS. Ive spent 1000 hours playing this game and have never gotten bored of it.
game-hours: 179.6
review: 8/8 m8t
game-hours: 171.6
review: At first I was unsure wether I would like a "realistic" game like Arma 3. I was new to the franchise, and felt lost at first, with no real direction, my first few hours were changing settings and learning the ropes. However, after that steep learning curve I began to really enjoy its gameplay and possibile gamemodes. When the campaign came out I played the death out of it, finding it well made and an enjoyable experience. When I found friends to play with, I jumped into multiplayer. The large amount of gamemodes kept me interested, one in particular was Altis Life, which I still play to this today. Putting aside multiplayer and singleplayer, the user created content, and ease of download through Steam kept me playing even longer. As for graphics, it's a killer, and you may not be able to run Arma 3 at all on older computers. Also, bugs and glitchs are few, however annoying beyond believe, some game braking, thankfully the developers are quick to act in most cases. BattleEye and my computer, don't see "Eye to Eye", making Multiplayer sometimes a pain to work with; I don't know of anyone else to have such a large scale problem with BattleEye however. Although, all said, Arma 3 is a masterpiece, and the developers and community are dedicated to its improvement, making me a proud member of it. I would recommend Arma 3 to anyone with a taste for realisim, curiousity about the series, or have a few extra bucks around. 8.5/10
game-hours: 3.5
review: tking, bossy 12 year olds, no explaination on what to do. really a dumb game
game-hours: 16.7
review: El mejor shoter/simulacion de combate. Infanteria, vehiculos terrestres, aereos, maritimos y sub acuaticos, todos combinados para crear las misiones mas realistas nunca vistas. Definitivamente hay que tener una buena PC y placa de video para disfrutarlo al 100% y desde luego tomarse el tiempo necesario para jugarlo ya que hay misiones que llevan horas!.... esto no es battlefield ni call of duty seores! esto es cosa seria :)
game-hours: 95.7
review: Good.
game-hours: 379.0
review: Simulation isnt the defining aspect of Arma. Its scale. The enormity of the map is the foundation for the experiences that distinguish Bohemia Interactives flagship franchise. Its what makes radios, topographical maps, binoculars, and compasses practical equipment in an FPS. Its what allows for kilometer-long headshots and coordinated convoy raids. Its what makes using your eyes to spot hints of enemies--muzzle flashes, tracers, gunsmoke--as valuable as being a crack shot. The scale of Arma 3 dwarfs everything in the genre, including Arma 2. Altis, a keyhole portion of which is seen in these screenshots, is a Mediterranean island-nation assembled from ruins, airports, coastal villages, solar power plants, military outposts, salt flats, and tank-friendly scrubland. Its a variegated backyard for you to play war in, but whats more significant is that Armas landscape finally has the technology it deserves.
game-hours: 0.2
review: I dont own the game but somehow i can write a review.... so i wrote one!
game-hours: 544.9
review: If youre a Call of Duty  don't get! This game is even more massive and beautiful. Only complaints are the low frames and futuristic setting. Otherwise it's a great game. With mods like Altis Life and Wasteland theres so much to do in this military sandbox!
game-hours: 29.8
review: One of the best shooter games i've played....its worth the buy.
game-hours: 180.2
review: Good game, Just kinda wish the multiplayer was optimized like the single player is.
game-hours: 788.2
review: My name is Dry, and i approve of this game. :P
game-hours: 678.9
review: it is fun
game-hours: 27.6
review: good game but the weapons dont impress me I want to see weapons I saw in Arma 2 with different gun sounds.
game-hours: 227.4
review: Is good for cheeki breeki yas yas.
game-hours: 91.7
review: I can really recommend this game, it's just awesome for so many reasons !! :D
game-hours: 0.2
review: sumbudy pls gif dis gem 2 me lik pls
game-hours: 323.0
review: What has made this series so popular is the ability to mod it. The game by itself (talking about ARMA 2 and ARMA OA) are terrible games, but I have 100's of hours playing the modded versions of them, particularly the ACE mod. Since ACE is not out for ARMA 3, and no sign of when it may come out, I cannot in good conscious recommend this game to anyone. The arsenal available in vanilla ARMA 3 is miniscule, and they have recycled a lot of graphical stuff from ARMA 2, making this worthy of the $20 shelf, not the current $60 price point. In summary, with ACE out I would pay $60 for ARMA 3 today. Without ACE, only 2 maps, 2/3 of a campaign out, and no real game improvements coming from Bohemian I would wait until this game gets to $19.99. Update 22 July 2014. I can finally recommend this game again, since there are enough mods out there to once again make this game great. BI makes a poor game, the modding community makes it into a great game. While ACE is still not out, there are other mods coming forward such as AGM that make this game great. The weapon sway is completely broken without mods. As of this writing it is still $60, which is more than I would pay. Pick this up on a Steam sale for $30 or less.
game-hours: 6.4
review: it is an amazing but i would say you need a strong computer to run it
game-hours: 2.3
review: Best war game in steam
game-hours: 212.1
review: thi game is outstanding
game-hours: 134.9
review: This game is something unique and special Pros: -modding community makes aditional content almost infinate. (there are some mods in development that look very promissing, im looking at you Dayz Epoch for arma 3) -Massive map to explore -scenarion editor makes almost any imganinable scenario possible -extremely relistic (this could be a con to some) -graphically impressive for its size -massive longevity considering both the mod availiability and the scenario editor -very detailed environment Cons -Buggy, like very buggy, like has the potenial to ruin your day buggy -VERY steep learning curve, prepare to spend the first few in game hours learning how to move let along fly, drive, command a squad etc... -So buggy it deserve two mentions. -poorly optimized. no matter what setting i use i cannot run anything over high and even that ryns at 30fps. Dont even both if you have a low end PC. Overall this game has things to offer that no other game does but it suffers because of an engine that is difficulty for any PC to run. I fully recomend but understand if you pass it over because it looks so intimidating.
game-hours: 47.8
review: If you like super realistic, first person shooters, this is the game for you!
game-hours: 513.4
review: 10/10 Invincible fences ftw
game-hours: 178.9
review: its ok
game-hours: 43.2
review: 9.5/10 NOT ENOUGH SWAG. NOW LIGHT THAT JOINT!
game-hours: 177.6
review: Well, i like the game and the thinking of it, but in my opinion its still to glitchy to buy. Not to mention they have alot of optimizing left, im running a rly strong computer but only gets like 20-30fps on LOW settings. And this doesnt just concern me so, but many many others. Other then that, i think this game can be rly good once they fix the bugs and the optimizing of it, then i would love it. So all in all - Its to early to buy it.
game-hours: 0.4
review: it is good fun
game-hours: 105.1
review: I bought this game to be able to play it with a friend. I played Operation Flashpoint back in 2001 and was amazed, but I have never touched an Operation Flashpoint / ArmA game since then. I wasn't expecting too much. I would have never thought that it would become one of my favorite games ever. The gameplay is rather slow and very tactical compared to the Battlefield series and shooters like Call of Duty. When playing multiplayer, you sometimes have to drive for 10 minutes, walk another 5 to get to your picked location and then slowly crawl up to your enemy - which sounds boring, but is very very exciting because you have to carefully plan your moves, predict what your enemy does and then strike. The graphics are very nice too, sometimes you just want to sit down and enjoy a sunset on the island but then the impressively accurate sound of a helicopter pulls you out of the paradise and reminds you that you are on a battlefield. I can highly recommend this game to everyone who is fed up with the always identical CoDs and Battlefields.
game-hours: 232.1
review: Honestly this game is amazing. Once you learn the controls and get a feel of waht Arma 3 is about you will never wanna stop playing it. You just simply cant get bored of arma 3! There are so many mods and gamemodes to choose from!! I must say, Excellent Job Bohemia Interactive!!!
game-hours: 336.8
review: Great game very fun to play with friends
game-hours: 41.2
review: whithout battley wold be beter
game-hours: 119.0
review: It will suck up your life.
game-hours: 40.4
review: Assassinated a drug dealer. 10/10
game-hours: 153.3
review: ARMA 3 has an insanely steep learning curve, but for those patient enough to try, try, try again, this game is worth it
game-hours: 415.4
review: great game would buy again. very happy with gameplay
game-hours: 62.7
review: I definitely appreciate the vast amount of badass simulation elements there are in this game, however at this point in tme what needs to be fixed is the relatively low variety of weapons, enemies/allies/civilians, etc. that makes Arma 2 so much fun in Editor. Still, 4/5 get it.
game-hours: 190.8
review: The best shooter simulation game to surface that comes to mind, with its realistic mechanics and high quality textures/effects its very easy to get lost in the world that is Arma III. As of this review it still shows a notice on loading screens that the game is in "beta" although besides maybe pointing at its performance optimization issues feels like a finished product. The Pros *Stunning graphics and effects *Realistic game engine (a slightly improved arma II engine) *Great sound assets and background music *Large modding community makes for endless gamemode possibilities *Good selection of ground and air vehicles *Fantastic player fanbase (Full of helpful players and those who like to play the part by using military lingo) The Cons *Horrible performance optimization on even high end setups ****The Recommended specs should be the minimum, if you do not meet the recommended spec then forget it**** *Video options is trivial, breaks all logic (better fps with shadows on? wot?)
game-hours: 245.9
review: tbh this game is 2 good 4 me i have to take time to remind myself that this game is a game and not irl
game-hours: 70.5
review: Amazing game! Very fun and tactically impressive. Best tactical shooter there is to date!
game-hours: 185.6
review: pretty gud
game-hours: 6.4
review: best war simulator !
game-hours: 13.1
review: Amazing, the world is modeled for size.\\ Since it's a simulation of the earth, and there's already vehicle's in game (assuming modeled properly since its ARMA) this means there are "unlimited" materials in the earth's actual control. Mechwarriors? build them. Oh, and test out the elements to build them in game as <well> through real world examples for requirements, then add later after it was done already in time. This being said, Gravity <wells> would be interesting to test.\\ For weapon loadout slots (via MechWarriors) think: Arm loader [Take On Mars (Isn't that an expansion?>> *cough*)]\\ >>Occulus Rift being inside a space shuttle via time at launch till orbit / center. Additional feature include body suit [Real Life] with proper rumble (since your eye's are already fully enclosed, mind manipulation becomes easier {less information for the brain to process>>>}] detection. |"=IC _ KSK - 10"| |"=MERCA _ KSK - 3"| >>>I had this memory suddenly of the "Hyperbolic Time Chamber" in the TV series "Dragon Ball Z" and related The Matrix (Before the elevator scene - White Room). In short (without reference); Since the mind would already be consumed with their eye's / ears [Occulus Rift Example] & their touch with the suit, the next following challanges would then have to be overcome: 1.Program would have to be continuously adjusted and monitored to learning speed vs information relayed vs time from Programs User. 2.Program would have to be able to simulate increased speed with uplink to scans via brain functionality as to decrease time via simulation from the user interpreted from global time (15 mins || 45 mins || 1.5 Hours || 2.9 Hours\\\) <real time MRI [Example]> from knowledge downloaded to User. 3.User would be required to not value global time<<. \\\My clocked standard times of curiousity invoked by real life time passing (Based on doing the same process every 20-40s for 12 hours) <<Extreme Scenario: ~~~ |"You think we're gerbals?" "ADTR"|
game-hours: 114.8
review: Awesome Workshop. Fun to play with a large group. Buy it if you are sick of action-shooters like Battlefield and join the best Simulation out there.
game-hours: 222.3
review: Arma 3 is without doubt a masterpiece of mil sim.. The way the makers have anticipated warfare in 2035 certainly does not seem or feel unrealistic.. notably the equipment and hardware: whilst many of the weapon systems and vehicles (specially those of CSAT and NATO) are not currently produced or exist as prototypes, they are expected to be in use in the near future (caseless ammunition...) or are already in use under different forms (aerial and ground unmanned vehicles...).. The campaign is well thought out and is certainly better layed out than in Arma2 (better voice acting...) The first 2 parts of the 3 part campaign focuses mainly on "guerilla" warfare, with the player taking on the role of a resistance fighter in a smallish force fighting against larger and better equipped forces by using "hit & run" tactics.. These involve ambushes and the destruction of high value targets amongst other things.. The 3rd part consists of more conventional warfare which sees NATO and CSAT battle it out for the control of the game's island map Altis using their full technological might.. Whilst the campaign is interesting to play it can become repetitive in parts.. This is when I personally resort to playing either user made missions or messing around in the mission editor.. The graphics are superb, the general dynamics AI etc... have been greatly improved from the previous Arma.. However, despite the greatness of this game it lacks a little "je ne sais quoi" as it does not feel as special or immersive as Arma 2 Op Arrowhead despite all its technological improvement.. Personally I think this is because it is set in the future and one cannot relate it to current ongoing conflicts, thereby reducing the feel of realism and authenticity..
game-hours: 210.5
review: it is a fun war sim and you can do a lot of crap that is vary fun
game-hours: 5.3
review: Great game!
game-hours: 41.3
review: Great gameplay, from karts to killing AI baddies. Recommend over and over. Another beneful part about Arma is all the free add ons such as Battle Royal.
game-hours: 125.5
review: why play these games when you could be playing custers revenge
game-hours: 31.6
review: Waited a long time before I decided to get this game but have to say now I have got into it Im glad I did. The content is a bit thin but there is lots of great stuff on steamworks and the internet. If your looking for a realistic combat game this is it recommended.
game-hours: 650.1
review: Arma 2 was a really good simulation of war. But when i bought arma 3 it changed my mind about everything its more realistic looks and feels good to play. The frame drops in sandbox are ridiculus. thats the only bad thing i have to say about it.
game-hours: 48.8
review: it's getting better, when DLC's come out it will be like arma 2, but better!
game-hours: 57.8
review: I got in an blackfoot, found a small town full of cars. Decided to launch super heli attack on city. I launched a missile at a Zamak Transport, it blew up and the destroyed truck flew up, hit the heli and it blew up also. 11/10 Would attack again
game-hours: 3.7
review: Gud gaem.
game-hours: 90.5
review: coolshit
game-hours: 146.9
review: The realisim in this game is intense! This always has my heart racing and puts you right there in on the action. Love it great job.
game-hours: 113.0
review: To me, the best one of the ARMA series. I've just finished the campaign and I had lots of fun. Military simulation (challenging gameplay), open world, campaign, multiplayer, large variety of weapons, vehicles and uniforms + mod support and ingame editor. Last but not least: awesome graphics. A.I. can be a bit dumb at times. If you've played Operation Flashpoint: Cold War Crisis and/or Arma 1 and Arma 2 you already know what I'm talking about, allthough it already got much better in my opinion. Definite recommondation, especially for fans of OFP and Arma.
game-hours: 0.7
review: best game
game-hours: 34.1
review: The Greatest game I have ever played, if you are looking to go in the military or currently in the military this simulator is for you. Even if you are not in the military but love the armed forces this game teaches alot reading maps, combat skills, etc.... This game was made by the best for the best.
game-hours: 281.5
review: Y U NO GET???!!!
game-hours: 264.5
review: When i got Arma 3 i was a little worried that this game would not be for me. But after putting over 200 hours into the game, i can safely say this game is an amazing video game and highly recommened it to any Call of Duty players as my self looking for a new way of looking at war games. Arma 3 provides so much along the line of the base story, super fun multiplayer games, and also an awesome editor system. Some things i suggest doing if you buy this game is finding a group of people to play with. Because although this game is great by its self, it is much more fun with freinds. I have met alot of great people on this game that i play with constanly. Another thing i suggest you do in arma 3 is try out the editor. You can make some really cool stuff with it. I have made around 6 missions that i can play with my freinds whenever i want to. Now i am not going to lie there are some bad things about this game as well. For one multiplayer can get a little stupid sometimes along the lines of, well other players. there is also the glitches that pop up now and again. And if you really want to have fun in this game you better have some good internet connection and a decent computer. But all in all this game is pretty darn good and i highly recommend this game to war game gamers.
game-hours: 110.9
review: This is the finest and most intense "military simulation" you could get !!!! The community around is so expended and there are thousands of mods to custom the game to your liking !! I RECOMMEND HIGHLY !!!
game-hours: 60.5
review: This game..... I won't say its bad but Bohemia REALLY needs to optimize it's games better. Every game I have played on my PC can get a minimum of 45 FPS in almost any scenario on max settings, except this one. When I play on medium settings in single player I get about 50 FPS but when I play on a multiplayer server, no matter what the server is or where it is I will get around 20 FPS. That just confuses me, and it really impares my experience of the game, because I bought this game (not at full price) to play the multiplayer because I wanted to have some fun in Wasteland or mabey even just a TDM. I can't do that though because when I say around 20 FPS I mean 23 max FPS and that was rare. Even after the multiplayer was supposedly more optimized I still had the same issues. I REALLY want to like this game, but I can't because again, the framerate in multiplayer is just not playable. Being that I bought this game for Multiplayer and I cannot use that I have to give this a bad review. 4/10
game-hours: 2.2
review: optimization. Lags everywhere.  gameplay. Gay as . Laggy as . Inconsistant. Boring. Don't waste. Call Of Duty is better.
game-hours: 441.3
review: Arma 3 is the latest game made by bohemia interactive. It is absolutly beautifull when on high graphics. Lots of possibilties for modding, *cough* arma-holic *cough*. A new mod has surfaced called Arma 3 Takistan life. Its the arma 2 taki life mod ported but it feels better. Arma 3 altis life is very good. Many servers and lots of fun to be had. as you can see from my hours on this account alone arma 3 is a very enjoyable game. Its also a very very good combat simulator. King of the hill is one of the most enjoyable. The new karts DLC is very fun to play with friends and the Zeus DLC is brilliant. Great for multiplayer missions. GET THIS GAME 9.5/10. 0.5 - waiting for my battleships ! BOHEMIA. :)
game-hours: 366.2
review: this is a great game i recommend it to all my friends. reasons why: it is fun !, many possibilities, online gameplay, many updates, cool gameplay, great campains and lot of weapons and cars. fun to play and really sweet graphics! Only one thing.... they must make more maps!! stay aswome ARMA III !!
game-hours: 1348.9
review: Arma 3 is not for the faint of heart considering you can glitch and die like tommorow, but with gamemodes like Altis Life, Wasteland, and KOTH you're guarenteed to have to fun.
game-hours: 0.9
review: This game kinda reminds me of Socom.
game-hours: 493.3
review: Hour after Hour the game can be enjoyable to an extent but with the SERIOUS lack of software support from BI-Studios the game is lackluster in how it performs compared to it's previous game. They Still since the launch of Alpha have yet to create a patch for a simplistic bug and are LAZY programmers in the least. It seems that the modding community has to pick up the slack of their terrible coding to fix not only simple coding issues but also the major areas just to be able to have good mods...... Pretty Horrible if you ask me, I would have expected ALOT more coming from BI-Studios.........
game-hours: 266.8
review: After a great amount of updates and with the new BOOTCAMP update that just recently came out, I've changed my view on Arma 3. It is an overall great game with stunning visuals, the new lighting is perfect and really made it look a lot prettier than Arma 2. More so Arma 3 has a pretty interesting campaign and it's quite enjoyable after you respawn a couple times xD. Otherwise when it comes to the mission editor then you are at the funnest part of the game. The mission editor feels more easier to use and it looks very polished and sleek. Tasks are now easier to create with the use of modules and scripting feels a lot better! Making your own customized soldiers is easier now, no longer will you have to scourge the internet for classname lists, with the all new Virtual Arsenal you can customize a loadout for any soldier you wish to have, then you can export the loadout as raw code to input into the editor or use in Zeus. Also for those of you who say Arma 3's weaponry and vehicles are completlely fictional, this is not true, only a very select few weapons/ vehicles are fictional. But nonetheless with the vast amount of addons you can make great missions and have a lot of fun! Bottom Line: The game is a good step up from Arma 2, feels slightly empty but Bohemia Interactive will fill this small gap with more content. Gameplay is fun, animations are great, vehicle physics are very nice and weaponry is very fun to use in game! 4.5/5.
game-hours: 152.7
review: good all round
game-hours: 163.9
review: So there I was.... in the middle of a TDM server... I loaded up with my favorite sniper rifle and ghille suit which was not useful in any way, and spawned in the middle of the firefight. And then what happened? 360 NO SCOPE LIKE A BAWS CoD STYLE!........ Just kidding, I died instantly. If you want a first-person/3rd-person shooter game that isn't ridiculously  and made like a Michael Bay movie, then Arma 3 is the game for you. I'm telling you, this game is one of the most realistic (if not the most) war games you will ever find out there. Battle on Atlis(Arma 3 world) takes everything into account - how much gear you're carrying and how heavy it is (because with the new "fatigue system", well trained soldiers have been transformed into chain-smokers), with sniping you have to take into account the wind speed, distance, and elevation; stealth tactics and just basic common sense. If you're the one who likes going in guns blazing with explosions everywhere expecting to get a triple kill, then you're in for a rude awakening when you try this game.
game-hours: 23.4
review: As you would expect,an amazing combat sim with lots of military toys to play with.
game-hours: 35.2
review: bad game 8/10
game-hours: 0.2
review: good purchase
game-hours: 1399.1
review: Alright, I wrote a silly review before so now I figured I would write one legit. First off if you are a fan of the ARMA series I don't know why you haven't gotten this already, its a great game and I completely recomend it. However. The new Bootcamp update did create some problems, the fatigue system is now more...I'm not sure what to call it. They tried to make it more realalistic but it doesn't feel that way. Weapon sway issues will hopefully be fixed, or better yet, implement weapon resting and bipods. We have already gotten the Bootcamp update but we have two items to be excited about: Helicopter and Marksman DLC. I heard that these would just make the game AMAZING in both aspects. Note to anybody who buys Arma 3, it is still in development. New things will be added, some removed. To those who already have or bought the game. Stay Frosty Shoot First -[SMEA3} Lt. Sanders
game-hours: 142.9
review: Great game. Definitely worth the money.
game-hours: 56.0
review: ssssssssssgooood
game-hours: 1070.7
review: A real military simulator..not that Battlefield/Call of Duty Crap they dish out.
game-hours: 320.8
review: Very nice Game!
game-hours: 53.2
review: A super polished Arma 2 with lots of new features that can only get better.
game-hours: 1.5
review: Fun... VERY FUN..
game-hours: 86.3
review: Love Arma 3! one of my favs!, arma 2 was a big hit and now the third arma blew my mind away! keep up the good work Arma
game-hours: 20.5
review: me likey alot
game-hours: 175.5
review: Amazing, enough said
game-hours: 5.2
review: I turned the settings to the absolute lowest settings and I'm still averaging 22 fps, definitely below playable framerate. I have a GTX 660 gpu and AMD Phenom 2 X4 965 cpu, so not the best parts but I should still be able to RUN the game on the lowest settings with smooth framerate. What is it with games these days coming out that are so poorly optimized?
game-hours: 72.6
review: cant get english dont wast you hard earned money game sucks very bad
game-hours: 55.2
review: Great game
game-hours: 89.0
review: i am not a hardcore arma player. this game is definitly my number one in military sim. the dev could improve the game pad support tough. arma3 is 9/10 for me maybe the next game gonna get 10/10 if anyone feel like buying this game is good if your not brainwach by (cod or bf) while i lke thos games for what they are disign for arma is the best but not cod or bf that all
game-hours: 54.5
review: One of the best games that I have played in a long time. The sandbox gameplay allows for many hours of great fun!
game-hours: 180.0
review: Best war game ever. Its realism exceeds any expectations. It does have a very steep learning curve, so getting to be good in the game and actually like it might be a challenge. The best part is that it has room for more improvements, and out of its engine a lot of other games or mods can come out. its one of those games that can stick for you for years to come due to its complexity.
game-hours: 0.4
review: Bleh, didn't like this game, i know a lot of other people love it but it's in my opinion just a boring shooter army game. I played Arma 2 and had the same issues as well. I don't recommend this to anyone.
game-hours: 129.8
review: Best Friggen Game EVER!
game-hours: 232.2
review: Hell yeah i recommend this game. This game satisfies my thirst for FPS games. The most detailed game I've ever played, in terms of actual in game mechanics. If you run too much you become tired, and aiming is much more difficult. If your hit in the leg, you might not be able to walk so you must crawl. The pain from being hit effects aiming aswell. Most FPS are very forgiving about death, which to me has always been a huge turn off about Call of Duty, getting shot in the back 24/7 and having a 1.0 KD is just fine, but they are not the only ones. Killzone, Halo, and BattleField (on team deathmatch mode at least) are just as guilty. This game is brutal, and dying on this game is inevitable, but when you do die you realize how important following procedure and knowing how to react towards a combat situation is. One wrong step and its over. Instead of hitting respawn immidiatley after I die, i find myself just stopping and saying "Damn, maybe if i would of retreated or gone that way, or sent my unit over there, maybe i would still be alive." And then learning from those mistakes. Very rewarding and educational experience. A+
game-hours: 2346.2
review: A must play game
game-hours: 506.6
review: 10/10 STARS if you can look around the small issues they are still having with the servers this game is on the top of my list to play, with or with out friends. If you like intence CQB style combat this games for you, if you like slow pase combat, if you like flying jets or helicopters, or if taking controil of a tank plt/convo this game is for you. the story is full of life and altho its a steep learning to this game its worth every hour you put in to it trainning with your friends, on even alone take it from me. BY: Travis Borges > I approve this message
game-hours: 61.1
review: Its alright
game-hours: 196.1
review: Its a pritty decent game but t its current stages its not well optimized and quite a challange to run.
game-hours: 430.4
review: Whis is WAR!
game-hours: 73.1
review: Operators doing operator things.
game-hours: 0.6
review: SWEET
game-hours: 2.3
review: fun as everything run nicely and the workshop items are pretty dam good
game-hours: 184.1
review: For an Alpha it was quite extraordinary as it packs as much fun as the original Arma games even without the huge amount of content in the previous ones. Arma 3 is a game in the making that I would definitely recommend everyone getting as this is going to be one hell of a game.
game-hours: 138.7
review: Too much bug, crash error, and still no respond from the developer buy this game ONLY if you can endure the  engine
game-hours: 394.1
review: It's okay I guess.
game-hours: 0.2
review: u
game-hours: 1024.4
review: Great game. Hard as hell even on the regular setting. One of if the the most realistic shooter I have played. The graphics are great but very demanding.
game-hours: 175.0
review: Watch my friend storm an entire heavily defended city in just his boxers......... 12/10 :D
game-hours: 411.7
review: It's a really fun, realistic game that takes up a ton of time. I got really invested in the game and I loved walking through Stratis and Altis with my team.
game-hours: 11.9
review: Fun game with many gamemodes and mods that are amazing, but you have to have a great computer and be willing to learn all of the controls.
game-hours: 30.8
review: i have always loved flash point since it came out in the early 2000s and iv playing everything the series had to offer and arma is the true flashpoint successer and if it keeps going the same path its going now, ill probably continue buying everything they make, what i liked about this game compared to older games is graphics, it plays the almost the same and i only wished it came with real world weapons or at least has that as in option, we can only do that with mods for now.
game-hours: 150.2
review: This is a great game for strategists and military sim people and would recomend to those with a strong affection towards realism.
game-hours: 0.3
review: .
game-hours: 26.0
review: the game won't load
game-hours: 2.4
review: I am unable to connet to my firends
game-hours: 144.9
review: really fun game! recommend to buy it muliplayer has like mode called zues like doguen dragons.
game-hours: 7.2
review: Good game, actually very good game not recommended for gamers with bad graphics cards, highly recommended for gamers who do have one. It is hard to get a grasp of the controls at first but as you play you learn the controls.
game-hours: 84.1
review: The graphics and lighting on this game are amazingly well done. Car headlights actually shine off things like real life, and the sunsets are beautiful. Unfortunately, the physics are little more than ragdoll, and the vehicle handling feels like your wheels are actually ice skates and the road is an ice rink. The campaign is pretty boring - the storyline isn't anything special (but to be completely honest, I didn't play much more than 15 minutes since the first level is so damn dull). Multiplayer is decent, with Life RPG servers dominating the server list. Altis Life is fun for 4-5 hours, until you realise that there's 5 cars and 10 guns, and money takes the piss to earn because you always get arrested or shot by police/terrorists/annoying  civilians. If you try to join any other servers, especially the ones that have a mission which requires teamwork, you will be very disappointed. The majority of the ARMA 3 playerbase is now <13 years old (and none of them know how to play as a team - they all want the glory of a kill) thanks to the attention DayZ drew to this series of games. Overall though, I have to say it's an OK game. I don't think the game is worth 35. I also think that the BattlEye anticheat is . Other than that, you will probably enjoy it for a few days at least.
game-hours: 39.5
review: Stole someone's car and drove it into a cop in atlis life. 10/10 would buy again.
game-hours: 72.9
review: Best military game ever
game-hours: 27.2
review: Arma 3 is quite a jump from Arma 2 and even Arma 2 Op Arrowhead, i have alot of fun playing and the gameplay is much more fluid then Arma 2. 8.5/10
game-hours: 184.6
review: This is a great military simulator with a great campagin that is actually a good campagin and I highly reccomend this game for the 60.00 USD it is, also has very many good gamemodes and servers, also has a great community and is NOTHING Like Arma 2
game-hours: 78.3
review: Great game very realistic.
game-hours: 16.3
review: its a game
game-hours: 93.3
review: YO GET THIS
game-hours: 138.7
review: Wonderful game with several nice mods. Has a slight learning curve, but definately worth a purchase.
game-hours: 134.0
review: A whole bunch of fun and unique confrontations. 10/10
game-hours: 315.5
review: War n that
game-hours: 20.2
review: The only true military simulator! <3
game-hours: 791.7
review: Normally I would say: "Arma 3 is not a good game." But that would not be fair. Arma 3 has big problems. A netcode worse than the BF4 netcode, a poor framerate, at the very most an average campaign and more problems. But all that simply do not matter if it has one of the most active communities which is delivering extremely unique, exciting, funny, hard or just good modifications. And I like these kind of games. And there is the big strength of the game. Unlike other developers Bohemia Interactive does not aim for the ultimate game. They deliver a sandbox where the players can decide what they want to do with it. You want a military simulation? Well it is Arma... But try other things: roleplaying in Altis Life, surviving in Battle Royale or driving a parcour up in the sky with Skytrack - It is up to you. We have seen the success of DayZ and I am looking forward to all the other mods which will be released in future. BUT: Bohemia Interactive! Please solve the technical issues, especially the horrible desync and the poor framerates.
game-hours: 559.0
review: My favourite game, The arma series is great. There is so much to do now that the campain is complete, Zeus has been released, there is the editor and workshop to create your own content or play other poeples. Hopefully there is more to come
game-hours: 290.5
review: Best game I've ever purchased in my Lifetime. The modding community is off the charts along with the game itself. If you have the money. I reccomend purchasing it with no regrets. Best on steam in my opinion.
game-hours: 169.8
review: Two Words: Buy It
game-hours: 53.6
review: This is ARMA 3, not Call of Duty. You need to practice communication, strategy, situational awareness, as well as being able to LISTEN!!!!! Listening is above all else the most important. Unlike Fail of Duty, you need to help the squad you are in when in multiplayer mode; not who can have the biggest electronic  and showing they are on the top of the list. All this shows is that you are a gloryhog and a piss poor player, but mostly an , that will have you excluded from future multiplayer games. Also unlike Fail of Duty the calibre of rifles plays key as well as environment conditions, like bullet drop and wind. If you play Call of Duty, this game IS NOT FOR YOU! Go play with the other prepubescent inbreds, or socially/maturity  adults, to compare imaginary  with and see who is the biggest  of all. If you do like tactics and strategy, then this game is for you. Again, if you're a call of duty player, look forward to the next craptacular expansion of that horrible series.
game-hours: 15.6
review: What a great game!
game-hours: 93.0
review: its mint
game-hours: 65.1
review: Arma One Of The Greatest Combat Simulators Of All Time, Armed Assault May Run  On My PC but I Won't Lie It's Still Fun As Hell.
game-hours: 80.7
review: A big step up from the last Arma game.
game-hours: 30.1
review: If you are a true hardcore gamer, you will buy this.
game-hours: 348.5
review: got run over by a tank. 10/10
game-hours: 452.9
review: If someone is looking for a military shooter where they want: 1. To make their own Campaigns 2. Experience Realism as well as absurdity 3. Mod Support 4. Replay Value This game is for you.
game-hours: 400.0
review: TOP 5*
game-hours: 286.4
review: I found this game to be very fun and i really recommend it for people who have the time and patientce. Couple things i dont like though... 1. its in the future. (i dont like futuristic games) 2. you have to pay for more snipers and helis. 3. its really hard to kill people unless they have fatigues or civi clothes on. 4. no instant death on headshots i really recommend this game and i also recommend for anyone who buys this game to get the karts DLC.
game-hours: 47.8
review: NIce game - but still some stuff missing
game-hours: 55.5
review: As a military sim, its unbeatable. However, its most fun played as a roll around and blow and   up simulator.
game-hours: 24.0
review: The engine this game uses is still a joke. It runs horribly.
game-hours: 18.3
review: where its at
game-hours: 124.1
review: An awsome FPS?Third person Shooter with multiple gamemodes from everyday life to full out war
game-hours: 296.3
review: I have the best graphics card and the best processors... game still lags to shitville.
game-hours: 308.9
review: its a very good miltary simulator. and great multiplayer. 10/11
game-hours: 28.7
review: BEST GAME EVER!
game-hours: 261.7
review: dis good shiz mayne
game-hours: 105.2
review: bad
game-hours: 122.2
review: Highly recommend for peoples who wanted a more realistics military simulator over typical military FPS.
game-hours: 103.7
review: i recommend this game to ppl who like real life war simulators but wat i dont understand is if arma 3 is so realistic in ways like the bullet can penetrate walls.. why is there no wounding system like dragging the injured and carrying them, in the game like the wants they had in arma 2..
game-hours: 255.2
review: A game of its own that really seperates itself from other war games such as CoD or BF. This is a true war simulator with top notch graphics and imersion. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 135.5
review: The best simulation and war game i ever play...that game build his own history to the hall of fame of video games!
game-hours: 251.5
review: I've never had as much fun as I have had in this game, I can run around the battlefield in just underwear! Altis life is also anothing thing that is awesome. I would recommend this game 10 out of 10 times
game-hours: 297.2
review: Wow what a great game. Absolutely 10/10!
game-hours: 0.6
review: IMDOM EZT A JTKOT!!!
game-hours: 45.2
review: Got into truck, flew across the map 10/10 would ride again
game-hours: 33.6
review: Amazing
game-hours: 206.9
review: Great game love the different mods to play
game-hours: 132.9
review: Longtime fan of the Operation Flashpoint/ARMA games. ARMA 2 is my personal favorite, but this one is more polished.
game-hours: 207.5
review: very gud game indeed. sex
game-hours: 724.5
review: After almost 500 hours of playing Arma 3, i still love it. Yes, it does have points, where you most likely will say something along the line "Oh Arma, why did you do this?" But on a global perspective, the game is amazing and with its Mods, Maps, etc. it will give you a lot of opporturnities to play with.
game-hours: 25.8
review: Masterpiece!
game-hours: 139.0
review: AWESOME funnest game on steam eva
game-hours: 97.0
review: Metascore for this game should be 95% at least. This is the best war simulator for the general public. No CoD, No BF can compare. The game is what I hoped Operation Flashpoint (2000) would turn out someday. Awesome game and unlimited possibilities.
game-hours: 33.0
review: Battle Royale Mod taught me how to read maps!
game-hours: 100.4
review: Its a really good game. Love it !!
game-hours: 224.8
review: Fun but difficult to learn
game-hours: 70.5
review: Despite it's glitches, this is a solid game. Don't expect your COD skillset to roll over though.
game-hours: 300.4
review: Its cool. You should buy it. Now, or later, but now is better
game-hours: 54.3
review: Excellent. King of the Hil with 3 teams fighting for one OBJ. Coop for when you don't want to kill eachother and want to stalk the enemy down with a rifle, rocket, grenade launcher, tank, heli, apache, F18, or A45 Frogfoot. Vehicles control like a simulator. Hours of entertainment. Working as a team and assualting entire cities is an unforgettable experience.
game-hours: 477.5
review: Great Game
game-hours: 2.0
review: very bad a lot of crashes not worth the 60$
game-hours: 61.6
review: Must have... It has many mods and unlimited potential. Dayz Standalone is a mod from this engine. Tries to be most realistic looking Army based game. Supposedly used in different forms to train troops is something I've heard in the past. Head swivel look is something more games should have... also leaning and prone, crouch, standing fire... ect.... buy it for $30-$35 USD.
game-hours: 1070.9
review: Great Military Sim. That being said, way too many people under 18 which really hurts the maturity level of the game. Lots of stupid stuff to deal with in Player Vs. Player. Ovearll I would recommend to anyone looking for a realism many other FPS can't give you.
game-hours: 224.5
review: Shot a grown man parachuting down in his underwear. 10/10
game-hours: 5.3
review: Great game found it hard to get into at first found it a bit of a tricky learning curve. since the Bootcamp missions was added found it alot more easy to get into the game and im currently enjoying it.
game-hours: 46.6
review: jhn
game-hours: 103.6
review: If you're bored of Counter-Strike: Go give this a shot. A slow paced, adrenaline filled, action-packed Military Shooter.
game-hours: 207.0
review: If you want a truely fantastic military sim, this is the only game you should be playing!
game-hours: 13.6
review: Sexy
game-hours: 167.0
review: Epic open world game. AI could be better. A lot better.
game-hours: 210.8
review: It's ok.
game-hours: 66.6
review: Havent really played the single player but a bit and it seems good. Multiplayer is very fun like ARMA 2. Arma 3 is a good sequel to arma 2 and i dont know why people say it lags a lot, maybe because they dont have good PC's and the game has really good graphics. Dont play the game if you like fast action movie gameplay like COD. Cause this game is all about patience.I reccomend playing King of The Hill in mp in the beginning because it's one of better gamemodes!
game-hours: 104.3
review: SO REALISTIC its like a way better open world battlefield
game-hours: 941.8
review: un increible simulador de la guerra moderna, buenos mapas, buena variedad de armas y equipo, gran cantidad de vehiculos desde cuatrimotos hasta aviones e inclusive drones, una experiencia multiplayer como ningun otro juego te puede ofrecer... y apenas es beta.
game-hours: 81.2
review: BULLETS CAN ACTUALLY KILL YOU IN THIS GAME
game-hours: 24.2
review: This is definately one of my favourite games at the moment. It is a game that requires a ton of patience though, so if you are used to Call Of Duty, then this game is probably not for you.
game-hours: 3.0
review: 10/10 Hardcore asthmatic running simulator.
game-hours: 46.3
review: ARMA 3 - The game operation flashpoint tried to be on the consoles... This however, is a whole sifferent story. It is tough to start with but persevere and what you are presented with is a hard working, rewarding experience that only pc gaming can provide. If and when you finish the content the game is packaged with, you can then turn to the steam workshop and pick up hand crafted missions to keep you going for probably forever. To be honest this makes it look like COD and Battlefield are aimed at the pre 15 year old market... Ready to play something sensible and realistic? Buy and play ARMA 3.
game-hours: 38.5
review: Love the game!. Havent had as much fun playing a game as I have this one in a long time. The multiplayer mod servers are where you will have the most fun at!.
game-hours: 17.5
review: COOL :D
game-hours: 22.4
review: Excellent combat simulator, the game is much better with a squad and you can achieve a lot more within the game. !!!GAME IS NOT MADE FOR SLOW PC'S CHECK THE REQUIREMENTS!!! 7/10
game-hours: 16.9
review: Arma 3 is a fun game to play with friends if you dont have anyone to play with its not gunna be that fun but its a great game but only one thing i dont get why did they have to make the controlles so weird i mean why but besides that its a great game
game-hours: 16.9
review: Arma 3 is a fun game to play with friends if you dont have anyone to play with its not gunna be that fun but its a great game but only one thing i dont get why did they have to make the controlles so weird i mean why but besides that its a great game
game-hours: 407.8
review: Really Good game, i recommend it to anyone who enjoys teamplay. Note: it is hard to understand the game at first, however later on, ones you understood the game it is really enjoyable.
game-hours: 157.7
review: If you like your Military Sims this has to be the Daddy! also add mods to your game and obtain even more playability. one game i will recommend to anyone.
game-hours: 41.2
review: Brilliant Game But Be Sure To Buy It On  As It's Really To Exspensive For What You Get. What You Do get Is A Brilliant Campaign, Top Of The Line Graphics. Weapons, Sounds, Vehicles And The Map Are Very Well Done! Multiplayer Is Fun And Easy To Make Friends On E.G (Altis Life) Workshop Includes A Ton Of Content And Mod Support Is Crazy Into-Depth. I Get Lost In The Maps They're That Big. However, This Game Is Hard To Run Making Expensive Graphics Cards Seem Like Your Entry Cards, That May Be A Beta Thing But You Definatly Wont Have 60 FPS Unless You Have A GTX Titan. Overall I Reccomend This Game 8/10 Hours Of Fun
game-hours: 210.5
review: it is a fun war sim and you can do a lot of crap that is vary fun
game-hours: 5.3
review: Great game!
game-hours: 41.3
review: Great gameplay, from karts to killing AI baddies. Recommend over and over. Another beneful part about Arma is all the free add ons such as Battle Royal.
game-hours: 41.2
review: top 5 game out to date by far
game-hours: 359.0
review: Much realism
game-hours: 12.1
review: Excellant combat simulator. This is NOT a CoD/BF type game, it is a simulator of real life combat operations, you can die from one round etc. If you want as close to a real war experience as possible without real bullets flying at you this is your game. Perform as infantry, helo pilots, fixed wing pilots, tank crewmembers etc and work with your squad to achieve victory. Very well done game, lots of mods and community content, definitely worth the money.
game-hours: 37.3
review: The closest thing to a military simulator that I have found... and I've been in an actual government military simulator VR training ground before. Also has one of the coolest communities I've ever met with lots of modding support. Def. worth getting now at full price even if you missed out on early access and alpha.
game-hours: 105.0
review: Its awesome
game-hours: 19.9
review: Great Game, Need a quite powerfull computer to handle it, Overall one of the best games i have ever played
game-hours: 558.2
review: Arma 3 takes it a step further with then its predecessor with enhanced AI, gripping storyline and immersive campaign. The campaign is split into 3 parts, each released seperately. This keeps you on hold slightly but its worth the wait. Also the multiplayer with the use of MCC Sandbox is great fun.
game-hours: 17.4
review: The best military simulation! EVER!
game-hours: 23.6
review: If your an Arma fan this game wont dissapoint. Its not FPS in the sense that you dont have a health bar ect, one shot can kill you if placed right. This makes for using tactics all the more important. You dont just charge into a fight guns blazing, instead you tend to plan your approach and put alot more effort into each scenario. This is a true combat simulator and the best ive played of the ARMA series so far.
game-hours: 62.0
review: I like this I am far from good at it if anyone plays it hit me up im down for some training
game-hours: 55.9
review: it's got nowhere near as much content as arma 2 but with an engine that's leagues beyond arma 2's operate hard a
game-hours: 540.0
review: this is a very good game
game-hours: 48.1
review: i think this is the beast game i have ever played just buy it now!!!!
game-hours: 0.7
review: Why is it still 60 dollars!?!
game-hours: 167.1
review: 75% sale would be nice :D
game-hours: 3.7
review: Nice Game Looks Very Real By Its UI Not Like Other Games Which Only Have Running And Shooting. 3.5 Stars From Me To This Beautifully Crafted Game By Bohemia Interactive
game-hours: 244.8
review: Arma III: Pros: + most realistic military simulation / shooter there is on the market + unlimited stuff to do/to try => endless fun + REALLY BIG MAPS + buggy as hell (trademarks of Arma) Cons: - buggy as hell (but still, they are annoying) - needs ALOT of good hardware to work properly. (I'm playing with 30 fps standard) Evaluation: Arma's trademarks are the bugs in this game. You'll get used to them and sometimes they are really funny. Anyway, this game makes just fun when played on a high-tech computer, otherwise you may get depression. Conclusion: It is really worth every buck, because if you play with friends its undefeatable fun.
game-hours: 369.5
review: With the built-in editor, the community has made so much great content for Arma III.. With user made 1p/co-op missions, online game modes, there's always plenty to do and always more stuff coming out (c'mon Epoch!). Throw in some beautiful graphics and an amazing amount of detail, Arma III is easily one of my favorite games. I highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 564.6
review: A very hard but rewarding game. Not like COD where you run and gun,you must play the game carefully and strategically. Also this game is very realistic. This includes: bullet drop,fatigue,heavy weapon sway,penetration,and so much more. This game is truly the king of war simulators.
game-hours: 24.7
review: Joined a match, jumped out of an airplane to Darude - Sandstorm. 10/10
game-hours: 132.6
review: Before I played it for the free weekend I knew it would be good but it was much better than I expected.
game-hours: 189.8
review: it is a fun game if you have a good pc it will be very fun for you
game-hours: 1243.8
review: When I go home people will ask me, Why do you do it man? What, you some kinda war junkie? You know what Ill say? I wont say a  word. Why? They wont understand. They wont understand why we do it. They wont understand that its about the men next to you, and thats it." "Thats all it is.
game-hours: 63.2
review: Wow. Just wow. Best millitary simulator you've ever played. So realistic, teamwork, I don't know how to explain. Buy the game, get in server, get in squad, and start killing. LET'S GO! 111100000/10
game-hours: 16.8
review: you can pick APPLES!!!!!!!!!! you cant do that in any other game can you
game-hours: 534.1
review: A great game that focuses or reality and tactical thinking. A refreshing break from Call of Duty and Battlefield.
game-hours: 629.2
review: Amazing Game
game-hours: 44.1
review: SO real
game-hours: 69.0
review: Arma III is a military sandbox objective based multiplayer game. Now let's start with the + -Big maps (about 250 square km) -Weapon variety anything from pistols to LMG and caliber 50 rifles. -Loads of armored trucks, helicopters and air planes. -Character customization. Anything from undershirt to helmets and armor vest. -Excellent graphics. It looks stunning on ultra. Now its time for the - -Horrible FPS(frames per second) which results in multiplayer sometimes becomes a frustrating chore. If you get above 20fps consider yourself lucky. -There is no introduction to the controls what so ever, and it takes a lot of time to learn all the moves. -The base player community is sometimes a hellhole to be a part of. -Moving and dying animations can look awful at times. Especially the dying animation. Presentation: 2.0 Graphics: 9.0 Sound: 7.0 Game-play: 8.0 Lasting Appeal: 7.5 Overall Rating: 8.0 Now Arma III is a fun fps/third person tactical shooter but it needs a lot more work to be worth the current price of 44.99 euro's.
game-hours: 19.6
review: Incredible game if one's rig can handle the beauty!
game-hours: 980.2
review: AMAZING GAME best military game i have ever played if you get it you need to play on 23RD servers on coopertive missions its so real and amazing also come join are clan!!!!
game-hours: 97.0
review: ONE OF THE BEST GAMES IVE EVER PLAYED. oh and its better than call of duty! :D
game-hours: 121.1
review: Wow, such realism, much awesome.
game-hours: 95.3
review: Teleport to random places everytime while being in a passengerseat.epilepsy guaranteed 10/10
game-hours: 60.7
review: good game go buy it
game-hours: 7.5
review: downngrade from Arma 2
game-hours: 861.6
review: GOOD
game-hours: 192.0
review: 10/would ride go carts in a military simulator.
game-hours: 4.3
review: Best fps open-world game I have ever played. Just price is little too high to me.
game-hours: 17.2
review: What do you get when you add ARMA 1 and ARMA 2, thats right, . What do you get when the devs of those games actually try. ARMA 3, this game is actually fun as  and really nice looking, if you can run it at max settings. TKing your friends is a big highlight.
game-hours: 391.1
review: Super realistic war game, nice gamemodes, including breaking point and wasteland. Worth to buy.
game-hours: 353.9
review: If you like COD or BF this is not the game for you... this is a SIMULATER, it's awesome and with some select mods it's more awesomererer+12x2... The built in Misson Editor is a bonus too, countless user created content, just buy it... go on.
game-hours: 206.3
review: really good and fun game to play with friends
game-hours: 49.5
review: Best Military SIM out there
game-hours: 122.0
review: An awesome game, been playing since Arma 1 and it never failed to satisfy my cravings for war.
game-hours: 83.1
review: 'MURICAAAAAAAAA
game-hours: 24.3
review: Well it won't even play on my main freakin monitor... soo. no i don't recommend this game because the devs are to damn stupid to even make sure the game plays on the right monitor!
game-hours: 55.5
review: This game is one of the best games i ever played but i highly suggest get a high end computer for playing multiplayer. but if you like tactical shooter games with 1st person/ 3rd person this is the one to get.
game-hours: 105.8
review: Such a Great game. Once you get over the learning cure then its such a joy to play
game-hours: 195.2
review: It's amazing, only problem is still, it lags unless you have an alienware computer, but on the positive note, it is a much appreciated game, with many cool missions, and tutorials for new players.
game-hours: 63.2
review: One of the best Military sims ever created. Amazing True-to-life graphics and a real sense of peril -coupled with one of the largest modding communities of any game means this will never get old. I "Must Buy" for any Military shooter/Sim.
game-hours: 58.3
review: I love this game so much. But you really need to enjoy these types of games in order to keep playing this title from Behemia Interactive. This game has it's ups and downs, first I'll start with the CONS .... You need a beefy computer to run it. This game is really taxing for your PC even though on max settings it doesn't look THAt amazing. It's only because of its huge map and sandbox gametype. This game also has a few bugs that you can ignore because it doesn't affect your gameplay. But this game is fun as hell. Delviering realistic gameplay like you are truely in the army fighting, I suggest putting on headphones and maxing out the effects sound option so those gunshots are loud! This game gets really intense, because you know even one bullet could end you... Overall I suggest you buy this game but maybe when it's on sale. If this game sounds amazing to you, then buy it now. 8.5/10
game-hours: 430.0
review: A3, better graphics, some things improved other things not. Still the same awesome feeling. This game is great, that won't change.... a must have!
game-hours: 135.7
review: its just the best shooter ive ever played the graphics are awesome the game play is realistic as a fps could ever be it is the PUB STOMBER of bf4 n cod what ever number or  name there up too
game-hours: 725.0
review: Freakin badass game.
game-hours: 67.1
review: Really awesome military simulator realistic while being fun and have amazing graphics! Also really awesome community with loads of game-modes and mods !
game-hours: 1295.0
review: While it may lack a bit of polish, overall, Arma 3 provides an entertaining combat sim.
game-hours: 672.0
review: The is without a doubt the next generation in an epic military simulation series
game-hours: 30.9
review: Awesome game! I don't play ARMA though, I play the MOD Breaking Point! It's great!
game-hours: 138.2
review: yer
game-hours: 7.1
review: Pretty realistic game. But it sometimes takes 20-30 min to find an enemy to kill. But still fan.
game-hours: 42.5
review: really good game all my freinds must get this fun game
game-hours: 644.6
review: Comparing Arma 2 to Arma 3. Arma 2 has more content, but Arma 3 has more features. Once it has all the content it will be fantastic
game-hours: 238.4
review: Recommend this game, very authentic and cool
game-hours: 162.3
review: Dat Simulation
game-hours: 11.1
review: For an alpha it is great! Can't wait for beta in a couple of weeks, and then the full release later. There are some performance bugs, but the freedom in multiplayer is unmatched.
game-hours: 12.6
review: Ever wonder what it's like to be in the military? Well this is as close as it gets without killing uneducated village people who don't know better in the name of oil and "TERRORISM". God bless America.
game-hours: 536.3
review: Amazing game, completely worth the money and fells smooth running. The new engine and various features is a large step up from Arma 2. If hesitant about buying this game, get it now. P.S. - you can play several fun mods on this game including DayZ, Stratis Life, Wasteland & more...
game-hours: 2783.1
review: I highly recommend anyone in love with the previous ArmA series games to get involved with ArmA3Alpha and provide feedback to make this game as good as the previous series. Together, we can make it awesome!
game-hours: 73.6
review: Awesome, best military simulator ever.
game-hours: 169.9
review: YES BUDDY
game-hours: 91.3
review: hectic game
game-hours: 175.7
review: Best MilSim EVER!!!
game-hours: 11.8
review: Arma III in my opinion is a vast improvement over Arma II. Theyve changed everything; making gun play much more well rounded, to smoothing out the driving mechanics. I enjoy the new equipment system, now instead of the old clunky backpack, you get a screen showing your character and two inventory slots (if youre looting a corpse, or picking something up) Also if you remember the terrible main story of Arma II and Operation Arrowhead, then youll be satisfied to know that they did a complete 180 and actually tried with Arma III. I will say that I have some mixed feelings on how simplified Arma III feels compared to its predecessor, I do enjoy its easy to learn system, though I also feel a little put off by it as well. Armas a game I play because of its somewhat complicated mechanics; if I wanted to play something simplified Id go for Battlefield or some other boring first person shooter. Nevertheless this is a very well made game, and I urge you all to go and check it out.
game-hours: 8.2
review: I want a refund! this game is riddled with bugs and even if you spend thousands on a pc you still won't be able to enjoy it.
game-hours: 23.8
review: Only 3 Hours in and so far,i've really been enjoying it :D
game-hours: 70.3
review: Very good at what it does, which is being a mil-sim. You'll be dissapointed if you buy this expecting it to be like any other fps. Best looking game of 2013 so far.
game-hours: 87.0
review: Awesome multiplayer game, but not always very good optimized.
game-hours: 1.2
review: Not a very good game, impossible to find a legitimate game online.
game-hours: 44.6
review: Gud Gaem!
game-hours: 143.1
review: For an Alpha this gives us a short but sweet insight visa what to expect in ArmA's future. And the future is bright. Decent performance, beautiful islands (Only 1 included in this Alpha), many improvements in movement, weapon systems and physics and best of all searchlights on helios that WORK!. And look SWEET! That first moment when you look up at a lighthouse in the night and see those beams of light piecing the darkness you'll know that ArmA should have a decent future when finally released. Best of all, if you buy the Alpha it'll automatically upgrade to the Beta and then the Retail Release for no extra cost! Just don't forget to report those bugs eh? (The Alpha is still buggy, has some AI issues and balancing issues. It is also short of content. DO NOT EXPECT A CAMPAIGN OR FULL FEATURED GAME UNTIL RELEASE)
game-hours: 1285.4
review: ArmA III is amazing. I personally purchased this game in it's beta. Now in the full release it's much better optimized and you don't need a beastly computer to run this game at max settings. And it's graphics are AMAZING! Defintely suggest you buy the Digital Deluxe version as it's only $3 more than the actual game right now. Overall 5/5.
game-hours: 269.6
review: Great game To start with it has a pretty good community which I value deerly. The game is pretty realistic, this can be a pain if you get shot and you don't even have a clue were it came from. Although it's a very good games it's a bit of a bummer that the campaign is released in parts, but atleast the developers care enought to not rush the release, this would be worse. Overall a good game although it's pretty heavy for most systems.
game-hours: 4.4
review: Summary It's a very good game if you want to put the time into learning the controls, and general layout of the game. In my short time of playing the game I have picked up the basicsa and I am on my way to becoming a better player. Campaign The campaign somewhat lacks depth and basically throws you straight into the game, and when you don't know the controls this can be difficult. Even on the lowest difficulty I still died a few times on the first mission. The difficulty hits you head on, it doesn't get easier and slightly slopes to harder levels. It's very difficult to kill an enemy and they kill you in few hits. So I score the campaign a measly 3/10. A lot more can be done to make it better, to say the least. Multiplayer I find the multiplayer very fun and very interesting. The scenery is brilliant, with good graphics it allows the player to be involved in the going ons. I often like to just get on a quadbike and take a drive around. However it can be quite slow as large open maps offer little resistance to little players. If you get on a good server with friendly people it can be a laugh. Overall The game has a fun multiplayer and has much more to offer within it. If you have no patience then I definetly do not recommend this game. For the price of 35.99 (current) then it is way too much. I paid 17.99 in the summer sale, I don't regret it but it could be a lot better.
game-hours: 1401.8
review: This is a good game. Sure, at times its boring, drawn out, and most players that play this game are kids that think they know war. Its a game, nothing more. Although realism can be great, most people in arma3 take it too far. IT IS A GAME! Overall, if you can get past doing the same stuff over and over again, this game is not bad.
game-hours: 8.3
review: such an amazing game
game-hours: 852.2
review: Awesome game. Great simulation progress, and great for people who have an imagination and like to great their own modifications and missions.
game-hours: 112.0
review: One of the few games I have not regretted purchasing. I highly recommend this game if you are patient and willing to learn the mechanics. This is as thorough and realistic as you are going to get in a military game. Not just a fps, a true military game.
game-hours: 142.3
review: altis all the way
game-hours: 251.1
review: 10/10 can crawl on butt
game-hours: 1005.1
review: okay all i got to say is look at how many hours i got
game-hours: 52.8
review: It's like Arma 2 but better in every way. So it's not like Arma 2
game-hours: 269.4
review: Awsome tact. shooter, big fun and lots of guns just like any other arma. If u dont like hard, challenging games this isnt for u, kids dont get on daddys steam and get on his account plz lolz.
game-hours: 223.3
review: Numer one military simulator game. The vast amount of scale and realism is incomparable. A great addition to Arma series, and definitely worth the money.
game-hours: 428.2
review: It is finally out of beta! It combines CoD as well as Battlefield gameplay together. A must have for both parties... It's the link between the battle that is raging on...
game-hours: 98.8
review: This is the best modern military shooter out that if you want it to be, or it can be a boring walking simulator with no real purpose. But you will only get the second option if you are uncooperative, or a console peasant who doesn't appreciate how to work in a team or fill a role. Well that only applies to the multiplayer, but that is the best feature of this game. The multiplayer requires great communication and a willing to work, but your reward for that is the best team based multiplayer since the 90's, although not for the same reasons. The campaign is also very good, easily better than Call of Duty and Battlefield and the level editor is very in depth, and the graphics are insane.
game-hours: 460.2
review: America,  yeah.
game-hours: 392.4
review: Good Game.
game-hours: 353.0
review: i enjoy how tactical it is. its a really fun game. cant get enough.
game-hours: 106.6
review: This game is an AMAZING follow up to the second ARMA. A HUGE graphical improvemet, UI Changes, And weirder keys Replacing Inventory with Gernade, Yeah that was fun to find out... Another thing that makes this game amazing is the Steam Workshop, It adds, Litteraly, HUNDREDS of mods, missions and just fun things to do!
game-hours: 188.5
review: Dont believe the neckbeards saying its a military simulator. Its immersive to an extent, but a mid level CoD player could drop in with no problem. you see guys you shoot guys. The difference being there 500 meters away in tanks with thermal vision.
game-hours: 537.8
review: Is thumbs up
game-hours: 107.4
review: Great game, some good missions on the steam workshop to keep this playing.
game-hours: 15.0
review: Love this series. There's a lot to mod, and the learning curve is ridiculous-- but well worth it.
game-hours: 188.2
review: One of best FPS games I have played.
game-hours: 47.8
review: SupR Dank n' Bodacious
game-hours: 139.4
review: very qwirky physics but good fun for the patient shooter.
game-hours: 89.6
review: Great game, a must buy !!!!!
game-hours: 14.5
review: If you like Arma 2, you will probably like Arma 3 too. Graphics are great (if you have PC good enough). Gameplay is as it should be for Arma - tactical. I think this is the one of the most realistic war games out there. There is also a preety nice community - you can play community created King of the hill, Wasteland, other missions. Don't forget to grab a microphone because working with team is so much fun and is actually what this game is about - tactical teamplay. In short: If you like war simulators with great graphics, teamplay and nice community I would recommend you this game.
game-hours: 13.0
review: Very neet military game ever developed. Extremly good to create you own army :) and play it with many steam friends.
game-hours: 47.8
review: wow cool wow
game-hours: 166.8
review: Muito ! Gostei muito :D.
game-hours: 1458.6
review: Best shooter to come out since ARMA 2
game-hours: 436.8
review: waay better than Call of duty its awsome. if you love open world milatary games that are realistic BUY THIS GAME NOW
game-hours: 21.9
review: Best game ever, was on a rp server been playing for 40 hours on it and I got my first killed, he sent me a text mesage saying I should  my self I said to him 'YOU WILL BE MINE ' and went to find him, after about an hour I found him and knocked him out and put him in my chopper, we flew off together and he asked what are you going to do with I said back 'There is lube in the back, get your self ready' lets just say never to  with me
game-hours: 51.6
review: Breaking Point. Nuff said.
game-hours: 37.9
review: good
game-hours: 29.7
review: Kinda like warcraft 3 no one buys it for the actual game its all about the mods.
game-hours: 3.9
review: Great game, mechanics are great, co-op campaign is good, what bothers me is the price, i can understand it, but its quite the number
game-hours: 426.6
review: NICE!
game-hours: 47.0
review: Easily one of the better Military games I have played. Really gets the player involved with the battlefield.
game-hours: 315.8
review: I love the ArmA series. I've played all the games and I am in love. I like ArmA III too, but it, IMO, does not top ArmA II in terms of content and fun. I had so much fun in ArmA II with the huge maps and endless variety of vehicles and weapons. ArmA III offers the arsenal of a whopping 3 factions with 3 variations of a single weapon model for each faction along with the specific class weapons like the Mk200 or Zafir. ArmA II had WAY more weapons and vehicles. ArmA III is simply a bunch of the same vehicles with turrets on the top. ArmA II offers much bigger maps and many more of them, ArmA III offers two maps, one large and one small, both of which I've already mastered and have become bored of. Multiplayer is so much worse in ArmA III, desync is now much worse and the servers and gamemodes offered are horrid! That is mostly the new playerbase due to the decreased learning curve, but it's still a relfection on the game as a whole. Wasteland (404 Wasteland to be exact) was amazing in ArmA II. I had more fun than I could imagine playing that. I can vividly remember the amazing moments where I would camp over a ridge with my rifle, watching busloads of soldiers assault bases and camps and work to get objectives. I remember people setting up roadblocks and awesome ambushes that led to badass firefights! ArmA III is just, nothing. It's just a bunch of players running around dying a bunch. No one builds a base, no one tries to start a team, and there isn't any good coordination, not like ArmA II. I even remember taking over an airfield in ArmA II with friends, setting up a massive base with tons of cars in the hangers, being the strongest group, and having a Vodnik w/ a cannon on it, then being  by a T-70, and along comes my Vodnik which destroys the T-70 with some well placed AP rounds to the back, down goes the tank's turret, out comes the player, and he gets obliterated by a few 7.62 rounds from my coaxil turret. ArmA II was better because of the experience offered, graphics and GUI upgrades make no difference in my eyes.
game-hours: 93.1
review: Better engine than ARMA 2 but bland near-future setting.
game-hours: 122.2
review: Pretty good game... Would be a great game if it was better optimized. I would get it on sale but I wouldn't pay full price for it. EDIT: This game has so much potential but the developers failed to optimize the game at all. Do not buy this game until they fix it, if they ever do... So disappointing and such a let down.
game-hours: 71.6
review: Jogo !
game-hours: 183.3
review: If you're like myself and enjoy a fully immersive and realistic experience in a FPS, then you'll enjoy Arma 3. Also, while you're at it, try it with the PLAYERUNKNOWN's Battle Royale mod for true heart palpitating intensity!
game-hours: 2.2
review: nothing
game-hours: 15.7
review: I would reccomend, I mostly play Altis, King of the Hill and I tired to play Battle Royale (Royale with cheese) with no luck. I will try to do so again. Its fun, much better than ARMA 2 in my opinion, some would disagree... Each to their own. Cars would be better if you could control them better, as well as them not breaking if you tap something. Would buy, but only if 50% off like I did in the summertime sale. This game is not worth the full current price of 35.99 or the deluxe version of 39.99. So I suggest waiting for the winter or summer sales. But non the less still a good fun game, Even if you are playing alone, If you have friends to play with, I'm sure its much more fun!
game-hours: 95.7
review: A very good game, when palying altis or custom map modes with friends youl have the time of your life , it does however get very iritating deal with RDM's in some servers, or lack of proper leadership in others,
game-hours: 689.8
review: For some reason playing on a laptop..(a pretty good one) I have no in game menu. Meaning if I die I have to close the game down using the taskmaster. Are you kidding me. What a great game completely sploilt by the fact that you can't play it.
game-hours: 12.2
review: This game, strangely(?) isen't just for the serious gamer. If you do know Arma 3, you know I'm on about the editor. :P The editor I say is just there for those who rlly aren't serious and want to enjoy the game anyway. You can make the most funny sceaniros sometimes, like a Go-kart road trip :P Or a submarine 'tour'. For both serious or not serious gamers. :D Get it.
game-hours: 755.7
review: Great game, with good ambitions for the future.
game-hours: 107.9
review: I got rekt by AI in a jet 10/10
game-hours: 130.3
review: Do not purchase this game if you are looking for something akin to CoD or Battlefield. However, if you want something slower-paced that actually makes you feel important without being an invincible juggernaut who slaughters his way through the forces of evil, then this game is likely a good choice. Approach it tactically, learn your keybindings, play as a team, and this game is bar-none the most satisfying military shooter around. Arma 2 is another competitor, but with the improvements to character movement, vehicle handling, and sheer non-gloomy atmospherics, I would have to say this iteration of the franchise ekes it out to be the one I would play first. But yeah, it's a great way to meet people and a hell of a lot of fun with friends! But for the love of everything, if you don't know how to fly, DON'T TRY ON A SERVER WHERE PEOPLE CAN!
game-hours: 8.9
review: This game includes everything you could want or need in a military simulator, plus the things you didn't get with ArmA II, even though it was just as a fantastic game that were the two games (OA and the base.). Pile on the bold face of a military sim mixed in with some arcadey gameplay and realistic graphics and features, and you've got a great game that everyone wants to play. Rating: 9/10.
game-hours: 181.2
review: WARNING, STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS!!! It is a piece of BS game that will give you 20 frames in multiplayer on your high end computer with all low settings. it has been out for more than a year and the game still runns like crap. take a look at all the "improve fps" guides and articles on the internet and you will see that the game is poorly optimized junk. or how about them "my 5000USD computer gives me 20-30fps in multiplayer" articles and videos? the game utilizes about 40% of my cpu and GPU and gives crappy frame rates (singleplayer works fine, this is just concerning multiplayer). the game is junk and from what i read on the internet it will stay that way, people say that arma 2 had the same issues and they never got fixed.
game-hours: 966.1
review: This is a great game it combines a bit of the ACE mod DayZ loadout vibe and great graphics!
game-hours: 107.8
review: You best be getting with the ArmA Triple  is ing baller, yo
game-hours: 2361.1
review: Arma 3 is a good game, but using Steam as the main game controller stinks. Everthing was working fine until the last June update, and now I can't host or run a server. Thanks Bohemia.
game-hours: 1.0
review: this game is so fricking amazing. graphics are probably the best
game-hours: 148.2
review: Good game more of a simulator though overall worth buying for 20
game-hours: 159.5
review: A great well rounded Military Sim, A very good game has graphics of jesus juice, It looks and plays beutiful. On a decent PC it runs well on most servers. It has some great mods for it Consisting of Battle Royale HAMF and alot more. Then other missions like Wasteland a game where you can shoot Muthaas and kill everything you see, Then there is Altis life, A role Play Game mode where you do drugs kill Coppa's and have an allout good time. I would Greatly reccomend the game to avid Mil Sim players.
game-hours: 107.2
review: Beyond any other shooter or military "game". Arma 3 has amazing atmosphere and it is currently the only one to simulate realistic warfare properly... ofcourse not being a war veteran here so cant tell by experience but Arma 3 nails it in realism as far as i expect, however id rather play Arma than fight a real war. :P Some bugs here and there, but thats to be expected and allowed since its so vast and big game. The most enjoyable gameplay ive found is online in a Coop map with 50-60 other players fighting against AI with everything we have. This is not for people who like CoD and BF's fast action paced shooting, generally the enemy base is halfway across the map (Altis) from your base thus even flying with a helicopter at the speed of 200+ kmh it takes 5-10 minutes to even reach the place, count in the fact that sometimes you have to wait for the pilots to return for another run. Also being very moddable game, various game modes such as DayZ, Wasteland (dayz but no zombies pretty much) and Arma RPG life are very popular among people who dont wish to shoot much but adventure instead. Not only mods but you can actually create your own mission/scenario/race with the ingame tools! Campaign episodes are fun and can be very difficult if you choose so... this game can be called as the 'Dark Souls of shooters'.
game-hours: 436.8
review: waay better than Call of duty its awsome. if you love open world milatary games that are realistic BUY THIS GAME NOW
game-hours: 21.9
review: Best game ever, was on a rp server been playing for 40 hours on it and I got my first killed, he sent me a text mesage saying I should  my self I said to him 'YOU WILL BE MINE ' and went to find him, after about an hour I found him and knocked him out and put him in my chopper, we flew off together and he asked what are you going to do with I said back 'There is lube in the back, get your self ready' lets just say never to  with me
game-hours: 51.6
review: Breaking Point. Nuff said.
game-hours: 37.9
review: good
game-hours: 29.7
review: Kinda like warcraft 3 no one buys it for the actual game its all about the mods.
game-hours: 3.9
review: Great game, mechanics are great, co-op campaign is good, what bothers me is the price, i can understand it, but its quite the number
game-hours: 426.6
review: NICE!
game-hours: 47.0
review: Easily one of the better Military games I have played. Really gets the player involved with the battlefield.
game-hours: 315.8
review: I love the ArmA series. I've played all the games and I am in love. I like ArmA III too, but it, IMO, does not top ArmA II in terms of content and fun. I had so much fun in ArmA II with the huge maps and endless variety of vehicles and weapons. ArmA III offers the arsenal of a whopping 3 factions with 3 variations of a single weapon model for each faction along with the specific class weapons like the Mk200 or Zafir. ArmA II had WAY more weapons and vehicles. ArmA III is simply a bunch of the same vehicles with turrets on the top. ArmA II offers much bigger maps and many more of them, ArmA III offers two maps, one large and one small, both of which I've already mastered and have become bored of. Multiplayer is so much worse in ArmA III, desync is now much worse and the servers and gamemodes offered are horrid! That is mostly the new playerbase due to the decreased learning curve, but it's still a relfection on the game as a whole. Wasteland (404 Wasteland to be exact) was amazing in ArmA II. I had more fun than I could imagine playing that. I can vividly remember the amazing moments where I would camp over a ridge with my rifle, watching busloads of soldiers assault bases and camps and work to get objectives. I remember people setting up roadblocks and awesome ambushes that led to badass firefights! ArmA III is just, nothing. It's just a bunch of players running around dying a bunch. No one builds a base, no one tries to start a team, and there isn't any good coordination, not like ArmA II. I even remember taking over an airfield in ArmA II with friends, setting up a massive base with tons of cars in the hangers, being the strongest group, and having a Vodnik w/ a cannon on it, then being  by a T-70, and along comes my Vodnik which destroys the T-70 with some well placed AP rounds to the back, down goes the tank's turret, out comes the player, and he gets obliterated by a few 7.62 rounds from my coaxil turret. ArmA II was better because of the experience offered, graphics and GUI upgrades make no difference in my eyes.
game-hours: 93.1
review: Better engine than ARMA 2 but bland near-future setting.
game-hours: 39.4
review: If you played Arma 2 and loved it there is a solid chance you will love arma 3. They are two games that have so much in common but Arma 3 offers new and unique features all at the same time.
game-hours: 164.0
review: Wish the items in the game had their authentic names instead of off brand nicknames. Great game other than that.
game-hours: 619.6
review: I truely love this game, I have a clan in it that we all play and do missions and a lot of other things on the side. This game has its issues such as animation and its AI can be stupid. But it can be a challage and i find challages very fun. This game does need more weapons and vehicles in my opinion but all around its a great game to play with your buddies.
game-hours: 59.6
review: Altis mod sehr geil !
game-hours: 190.7
review: Probably the best game i have played so far in my life. Futuristic feel to the game is a small minus. (story is set to 2035 i guess)
game-hours: 336.5
review: ArmA 3: Looks like a next-gen game, plays like a game from 2001
game-hours: 7.7
review: The friendly AI is absolutely stupid most of the time, and the enemy AI is way too challenging on Normal difficult. I set the game to Normal at the beginning, and the enemies usually kill of most, if not all, of my team very quickly, which makes it very challenging to do well. The AI needs to be revamped so that the enemy does not have a ridiculous advantage.
game-hours: 497.3
review: Buy it!
game-hours: 99.9
review: I bought this game in the 'Steam Summer Sale 2014" for a few Euros ( 22.45 Euros ) and I haven't been disappointed since then. In addition I just can say that the graphics are awesome and that the mods ( F.e. : 'Altis Life' ) are funny. Sure no game is perfect so this game has also a few bugs here and there, but it is its money worth! Well playing guys.
game-hours: 166.5
review: Mmkay this game is pretty cool mmay, drugs are bad mmaky
game-hours: 651.2
review: Get some friends to play this game with you and it is FUN, not even kidding this game has to be one of my top 5 games!
game-hours: 44.0
review: good game
game-hours: 468.4
review: Alright, Arma 3... I gotta say, I love this game! Now yes no game is ever going to be like real life (because you can't feel what it feels like in real life) but this is really good on getting pretty darn close to the real deal. My first ArmA game was Arma 2, I loved that one, then operation arrowhead came out, and to my suprise added a lot of content, and major enhancements... Then I heard that Arma 3 was comming out, and I was like YES gotta get this game, and so... I did. However to my suprise, it felt like they were leaving some stuff out; for instance, in the pre-release making of Arma 3, they had pictures of Jets (like the F-35) but in the game there was no jets, also they took out Warefare from Arma 2, made me sad... but benny and some other guys made this thing, Capture The Island (CTI) which is pretty close, so easy fix. Now... Arma 3 still has a lot of improvements, and a lot new features. The Slightly new scripting is easy to learn, and there is a ton of content out there that adds to this game, expecially the scripts, there is almost a script for everything, and you will see if you play multiplayer the best ones are used on the servers to make this game, that adds a ton of content to the game. Just please don't ask me to join some zombie crap, which to my knowledge is out there. I give this game a 10/10 and Recommend this to Anyone and Everyone out there. This game sets the standard for all military games out there. You hear that, take note: SETS THE STANDARD.
game-hours: 0.6
review: It's fun, but my gfx card isn't good at all so I can't play really well. But in fact, it's still fun.
game-hours: 178.2
review: Great choice if i do say so myself.
game-hours: 615.5
review: This is a really really great game and worth every penny, very enjoyable with friends.
game-hours: 92.1
review: ArmA III continues the amazing quality one would expect from Bohemia. If you're tired of arcade shooters like CoD that have flooded the market for the past decade, and prefer realistic gameplay and story then this is a game for you. Some things you will like: - The visuals are excellent, and with the high amount of customization players have over the graphical settings no PC within the next 5 years will have a hope of running it at maxed out settings. - The audio deign of ArmA III are superb and set the new bar that other games will be measured to. Every ground texture has its own believable sound that truly makes you feel as if youre walking on ruble, grass, or asphalt. If you have heard the sound quality from Battlefield: Bad Company then you know just what to expect here. Not playing with headphones in 5.1 or 7.1 would be doing yourself a disservice. - The AI in this game ranks among the best unscripted AI ever developed for an open world. In ArmA III the AI will take cover, flank, provide suppression fire, hold a line, clear houses, peak around corners, put down smoke, and so much more- all totally independent from the player needing to tell them. For example: Place several squads from BlueFor on one end of the city and OpFor in the center city. Instruct the Bluefor squads to move to the far side of the city. The result will be a major dynamic firefight with Bluefor attempting to break through while Opfore forms a line with reserves to halt their advance. One scenario may find that a squad from Bluefor had decided to take cover inside a building after its allies had been destroyed. Opfore would then proceed to lay siege to the building. Suppression fire would be laid down, smoke grenades thrown to conceal the advance, and rocket fire to blow apart the building. Finally several small teams would take up position by each point of entry and assault the building using grenades and rushes. Everything had occurred from a single ordinary move-order. Yes the AI is wonky at times, as is the case with any AI- good or bad. Yet the adaptability and believability of this AI feels as though it belongs in its own class. - The island(s) itself is beautiful. It features a very geographically accurate island that stretches for hundreds of kilometers in all directions. Its makeup is also diverse, ranking from dense forests and hills, to flat open planes and swamps. It is also populated well too, with road signs, playgrounds, tourist attractions, stores, and quit essentially anything you would expect to find had the island been real and inhabited. Stratos is truly a masterpiece. Some things you will may not like: - Lack of content. It is true that since the game was released Bohemia has released a ton of new content, but even after that has been tallied the game still feels a bit barren. There does not seem to be nearly as many vehicles or weapons to play with - Less realistic than previous titles. ArmA III is still miles above 99.5% of what is on the market today in terms of realism. However there have been a few changes that make the game feel a bit more arcady. Excluding head-shots and high caliber weapons (.50 and such.) soldiers are incredibly resistant to small arms fire. 5.56 rounds in particular feel weak. Often it takes me approximately 5 rounds on the torso before the target drops. The 6.5 and 7.62 rounds have more of an impact, but in most cases still require multiple strikes to down soldiers. AT weapons also seem to suffer from similar underpowered performance. While this can be explained away by advances in armor, it still feel as though ArmA III was trying to prolong engagements by weakening all firearms. - Campaign is lackluster. The basic idea of the campaign was great, and at many times the story shows its brilliance. Yet the way levels are pieced together makes the game feel just so, like a bunch of fairly short levels strung together without much buildup before the action. Each mission ends with the player watching a cut-scene of his character walking into base and hearing the same lines over and over in 3  4 places. There is no interaction, and apart from one or two moments in each story-arc and bringing back whatever weapon you collected, no sense of change or progression. The camp is a really cool idea, but unfortunately it was very bare bones and poorly implemented. Overall the game isnt as good as ArmA II was, but it is still an excellent game and a worthy addition to the series. I would give it a 8/10. There is plenty to love about the game and its strengths more than makeup for its shortcomeings.
game-hours: 1561.5
review: great game
game-hours: 160.0
review: Ive had this game for some time now and i have to say...its amazing...there are tons of little things you could complain about but the over all picture is perfect....ive mostly been playing wasteland so i dont have much to say about the singleplayer and what not...
game-hours: 279.1
review: Very fun game if you are into realism games. The online needs work but Bohemia has been known to have a strange multiplayer connection. I have put a lot of hours in this game thanks to the DUWS mod. If you wanna have fun play this game there is so many types of games within this. Altis life, King of the Hill, etc.
game-hours: 151.4
review: love it
game-hours: 88.6
review: Aerma 3 is totally disappointing, there is no way to use the bipode when sniping or using the machinegun, the recoil is too amplified and the same goes to the trembling, those bad elements make almost impossible to shoot the enemies even in closer quarter fights..... On the other had the enemy seems to free from such things,their aim is perfect and can hit you even from incredible distances and WORST they have no problem in hitting you santding on foot!! Beofre the last update things were this frustrating... Not only when you are lucky to hit an enemy most of the time you will need to use almost the whole magazine to kill one of them, because many bullets will never hit him or if they hit the soldier they will never cause a great damage, but if the enemy hits you, they simply kill you in few shots or with one shot!! :I Seriously Bohemia Interactive dudes have to do something about this because is too frustrating those soldiers seem to suffer the Prkinson syndrome!! Or better try to get another JOB! Even in reall life no one trembles like that!!!! This game had all the potentials to do great things and give some fun more than CoD and Battlefield... i fear it is a lost chance.... :( I loved Arma cold war assaul and i enjoyed it, but arma 3 is too frustrating I would recommand this game to real hardcoregamers and true war simulators lovers only if the developpers will fix these issues! But until things will remain like this i simply suggest to avoid this game!
game-hours: 21.3
review: Great Game
game-hours: 42.5
review: Got ran over by a friendly tank. 10/10 would get killed again.
game-hours: 815.9
review: I like it because there is a lot of modes for it. But i do not like the stama it wares out to soon
game-hours: 48.8
review: somone buy me this game and ill give you rust hacks
game-hours: 54.7
review: Call of...WHAT? Esto es un simulador de guerra. Noob completo, aunque intentando mejorar!!! Una pasada chic@s!
game-hours: 83.6
review: Everything i was looking for on Arma II
game-hours: 189.7
review: best game i ever played!
game-hours: 27.5
review: Unfassbar Scheie !
game-hours: 35.4
review: Lots and lots of glitches... could of been way better then that. I would never spend 59$ on this game... good thing i bought it when it was in beta.
game-hours: 267.3
review: Really fun and tactical shooter. Tons of different gamemodes to play. never gets boring
game-hours: 114.1
review: Although this game does have its qwerks, like other arma games, the large scale and extensive detail in graphics makes up for it. The game offers endless fun and although is better with friends, you can make friends who play arma 3 all the time very easily. Would recommend for anyone interested
game-hours: 41.0
review: PRETTY GUD
game-hours: 25.1
review: dam good
game-hours: 496.1
review: 10/10 This game has rabbits.
game-hours: 102.4
review: I Want It B ut Cant Get It Yet. :( Looks Like I'll Play Dayz Mod For Now Because Standalone Rubbish.
game-hours: 418.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 215.2
review: Boss. Most hardcore army game out there i guess. and looks great too in a massive open world
game-hours: 39.3
review: i really like this game its very fun
game-hours: 306.5
review: Great milsim, good ballistics, powerful editor, endless replayability, this game has it all. With the new DLCs coming out this game will only get better. The only thing I could complain about is the AI. They are a bit overpowered. However, the multiplayer makes up for it. I really recommend Samatra's King of the Hill. Even with all this, I suggest you pick this up while it's on sale. If you ask me, it's a little expensive for what it has to offer.
game-hours: 400.4
review: Love it
game-hours: 287.6
review: Arma 3 is by far one of the best or even the best game I have played in my entire life. Not only is the engine fantastic but the graphics are out of this world. The campaign was written in the most euphoric way possible and the amount of fun to be had on multiplayer is endless. Also the mods which are out for Arma 3 are great compared to other games. My favourite aspect about Arma 3 is how it is so diverse that every type of gamer will find something they love. 6 stars!
game-hours: 177.6
review: Only if you are max operator can you fully understand and enjoy this
game-hours: 228.5
review: If you think COD or CS or BF is very easy for you, or you are a hardcore gamer that likes FPS games, then this game is for you. It has Scuba Diving, Grenade Machine Guns, Artillery that YOU can control, Even more Realism, Drones, Ghille Suits, Immersive Character Customization, Great Modding Community, NO need to unlock weapons (You have to find them In the field first.) and even more! I highly recommend this for those of you who were in the Military, those of you who have Airsoft as a hobby or if you just like FPS games in general. 10/10 However there is consequences. When I started playing the game (After the Zeus free DLC was released.) I had a hard time getting past the first mission. But thats ok. EDIT: If Arma 4 EVER comes out, I hope it continues from the end of Arma 3's Campaign. It should continue from what Bohemia Interactive thinks is the proper ending.
game-hours: 64.9
review: love it BY FAR One of the best games I have ever played
game-hours: 12.7
review: My god. This game. :O
game-hours: 228.9
review: badass
game-hours: 6.3
review: Tried the free weekend trail and I had a blast. The controls were hard to learn at first bit soon it grows on you. I recommend buying this game.
game-hours: 45.6
review: Cant compare to cod what so ever.
game-hours: 535.3
review: After so many hours of playing this game, I can now truly say that this game is worth it. There are many many reasons into why this game is worth it, My first reason would be the workshop scenerios and edit missions, You can make your own missions to your heart's desire, the game is quite easy to edit on maps and now with the world maker, we are soon to find new maps in the coming years, Second reason is the multiplayer... yes right now its still young and so was ARMA II was young multiplayer was awful but in a year or two there will be more networking optimization in which online gaming will be the main core of ARMA III. Thats all I want to say, I can go into so much more details on realism and how I always come back to this game when I don't want to play fast shooting games. Arma III while still new and adding more and more stuff which includes the workshop will become one of the best games by BI and I am glad to say that This is a full on recommended game. Please support BI, 60 dollars is nothing for this game especially when WorkShop is free, P.S : You buy BF4 for 60 and add the crazy dlc and no mod support at all when you pay 60 for ARMA 3 and you get full mod support and some dlc of your choice, but because of mod support with workshop Arma 3 is the best choice when spending 40-60$
game-hours: 188.5
review: The base product of Arma 3 is pretty average. Arma 3's campaign is okay, but you can tell it wasn't the main focus of Bohemia when they were making the game. The multiplayer, on the other hand, is where the game truly shines. The creativity that the community has is amazing, and it's created some wonderful mods. You can play a Hunger Games style free-for-all called Battle Royale where you scavenge weapons to murder other players with until only one is left standing. If that's not your cup of tea, you can play Altis Life, a sort of multiplayer life RPG where you can be a cop, medic or a civilian just trying to get by in various legal or illegal ways. On top of this, the gunplay feels solid and the scale of and beauty of Altis and Stratis is incredible. It isn't all good, though. The campaign squad control system is annoying to use and the AI will usually ignore your commands, getting them killed. It also isn't very good at introducing you to the various vehicles that the game has (You don't even fly a helicopter until the last mission in one of the two ending branches). The inventory system is clunky and the game is pretty poorly optimized. Watch out for the stairs too, they're s and will kill you the first chance they get. Overall, the game is quite good with the various mods out there for it, and I would say that it's worth the full $60.
game-hours: 454.9
review: Hours played : Cost of game ratio is insane
game-hours: 14.7
review: What a piece of , glitchy, unrealistic game! I can't believe they released such a crappy game. The helo flying is horrendous (I am a helo pilot in real life). Nothing is easy, specially during the learning curve, tutorails are not there to help you learn but to help you lose your cool and feel like deleting the game. I don't recommend, don't waste your money. If I could I would love to have my money back. Disgusting.
game-hours: 251.9
review: This game has come along very well i enjoy playing it with my clan we are a stronger unit due to items this game has to help with learning and it blows in my opinion cause we all have them is better than battlefield. ooorah!
game-hours: 2.8
review: this is a piece of  i bough  and i said i was globaly banned wtf
game-hours: 103.8
review: This game is damn right amazing if you're into anything military, the vehicles and weapons all look amazing, and firefights never felt so real in gaming. I definitely recommend this game to anyone who has even the slightest knack for anything military/weaponry/flying.
game-hours: 0.4
review: Even though I could only play for a couple days it was a really good game. 9.5/10
game-hours: 194.0
review: gay
game-hours: 12.3
review: This is great simullator, very fun and realistic. Waiting can be long but there is an option to speed up time, which is great!
game-hours: 691.9
review: amazing
game-hours: 173.8
review: Outstanding game, great mods
game-hours: 42.0
review: This game is super fun, and the mods make it even more fun!
game-hours: 79.0
review: Amazing 10/10
game-hours: 316.4
review: Guns. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 195.9
review: Really fun and realistic game
game-hours: 0.8
review: cool
game-hours: 72.4
review: One of the best games i have played related to the military,there is so much you can do. The team work that goes on here in arma is awesome.
game-hours: 4.2
review: it a grate game
game-hours: 33.3
review: Wasteland and Zeus. God Tier.
game-hours: 161.6
review: Awesome xD Best War game out there :)
game-hours: 163.2
review: 10/10 - Best Game Ever! This is my favorite game. You might think arma 2 and arma 3 are the same thing, but there not. I have played arma 2 for a long time but you might say oh you dont have it on steam. Well thats right I dont I played it on something else. So I really recommend this game. So stop reading this and wasting your time and PLAY THIS GAME!
game-hours: 57.0
review: This game is awesome 8/8 m8!!!
game-hours: 991.7
review: Great Game way better then Arma 2. I played over 300 hours of Arma 3 and still enjoy it.
game-hours: 272.8
review: i want this game
game-hours: 14.5
review: It was a great game to play even with friends because there are somethings that you can mess around with in the game.
game-hours: 1129.3
review: Awesome game. Already played it for 500 hours, and it doesnt get boring ;)
game-hours: 128.2
review: Bought the game after watching someone play Battle Royale mod on twitch. awesome mod and a must try! Battle Royale Description PLAYERUNKNOWN's Battle Royale is an extreme survival mod that plunges players into a bloody last man standing game-mode, with one chance to win. Based on the book/movie 'Battle Royale', this mod provides a unique gameplay experience. The rules are simple. There can be only one winner. Everyone else must die!
game-hours: 4.9
review: It's  as
game-hours: 34.4
review: Awsome game if you like war buy it :D
game-hours: 199.6
review: Lag never changes!
game-hours: 1299.5
review: Its gr8
game-hours: 20.8
review: Improves on Arma II in all the right places.
game-hours: 228.4
review: Really realistic, if you're looking for an indepth immursive military simulator, or you just want army vehicles to blow up, this is your game.
game-hours: 48.0
review: Terrible.!!! Do not Buy... Just terrible..... has to many glitches!
game-hours: 183.7
review: This game is by farr what my expectaions were for it, if only i had a better pc for the best grapihcs and extra non snese
game-hours: 134.8
review: A really good game. It's realistic and has a lot of possibilities.
game-hours: 336.3
review: This is one of the best games i've ever played! I recommend buying this game.
game-hours: 99.0
review: Look at the real world, now to arma, back to the real world and now back to arma. Notice anything? That's right Arma is better. Now ing buy it .
game-hours: 234.6
review: I honestly haven't played much of Arma 3 itself, but I highly recommend this game to people who like games that involve cops and criminals, because Altis Life servers on Arma 3 are actually quite amazing fun when you're not on a server with people who abuse the cop positions. I honestly have had a lot of fun doing cocaine runs in this game and even having those moment where clans would stop you in the middle of the road just to take everything you own. So if you're looking to buy Arma 3 - I'd suggest taking a look at Altis Life as it definitely wont be a choice you'll regret.
game-hours: 1.5
review: fun but to dang much :(
game-hours: 12.8
review: I killed a guy trying to run me over and he outstretched himself. 10/10.
game-hours: 253.0
review: Best first person on the market. With gret graphics and game play highly recomended
game-hours: 17.0
review: iz AIGHT
game-hours: 245.5
review: fun game
game-hours: 9.2
review: Massive maps, the biggest ever created and every soldier got their own part to play in the war, some are medics, some are snipers, some are tank drivers etc etc.. And WOW are there some freaking epic battles in this game ! ! ! Massive maps Massive firefights Amazing graphics & physics So much teamplay is needed for this realistic war game! 10/10
game-hours: 169.8
review: Fantastic Graphics Great simulation BAD Physics (Better than ArmA II though) Good multiplayer some fun DLC And Easy to give many hours of your life to this game in one go. Campaigns are okay Multiplayer is Great... Weapons are well modeled And The tactical simulation of this game is great especially online Unless you get that One 12-15 yr old that won't leave the god damn black hawk alone and kills everyone constantly and ignores all Administrators while wasting game slots... Great game Recommended.
game-hours: 31.5
review: Crawled in the grass for 3 hours, guy shot me. Would die again, 10/10
game-hours: 617.9
review: It's a great game. With all of the different gamemodes you will not go bored.
game-hours: 689.0
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 155.2
review: Ultimate military sim, plus procedurely generated warfare!
game-hours: 328.8
review: Great game, great mods.
game-hours: 7.3
review: This game runs well, plays well, and allows me to feel immersed in a realistic military survival scenario. Did not get to play it long during the "free period" so to speak, but at the same time i still enjoyed my experience. I definitely plan on purchasing this game in the near future when i get the chance
game-hours: 150.6
review: best army game ever
game-hours: 39.0
review: Pretty good (y)
game-hours: 35.5
review: Good Game !!
game-hours: 309.7
review: JUST GET IT.
game-hours: 1512.5
review: Were do I start Lets start at wow. Wish I had more freinds to roam around Altis to cause havok. And find food weapons and build bases with. This game is so realistice it is unbeleivable . There is a Fps style gaming or other free mods but I play the Free roam free for all Wasteland mode Today 16 Hours left to buy this game for 35 dollars reg is 59 before u think about buying or playing please got to this link and read how to play cause it is all tactics and know how and a team effert
game-hours: 26.0
review: this game is nothing short of amazing.. MUST BUY
game-hours: 487.4
review: Graphics, gameplay, and multiplayer. This game has many things that make it awesome! 10/10
game-hours: 0.9
review: I Only Played It Once In The Editor But It Was Really Fun So I Recomend This Game
game-hours: 44.9
review: closest thing you can get to dying in combat in iraq. comes free with a convoluted, hyper-detailed UI that i wouldn't change for anything.
game-hours: 113.9
review: Best tactical shotter in the world
game-hours: 199.0
review: This game is one-of-a-kind. You can have so much fun with it, because of it's unique gameplay. The events that you will experience in this game cannot be compared to any other game (For example COD or Battlefield). You will fear the enemy when the blood in your veins pump with adrenaline when you're shot at! It may have a lot of glitches but that shouldn't be a problem because of the many priviliges you get when buying this game. 9/10 - Best of its kind
game-hours: 137.1
review: Very good game, 10/10 Must buy! :)
game-hours: 588.5
review: A great game for anyone who likes simulators. There are many different mods and gamemodes for anyone. From RPG to Zeus, this game has everything.
game-hours: 303.8
review: alot better than cod in my opinion
game-hours: 16.7
review: Cool
game-hours: 71.2
review: Do not compare this game to Battlefield or Call of Duty. It's a slow paced, tactical shooter that requires teamwork. Not for the impatient or lone wolf. Excellent community and nowhere else have I been able to work with 40+ people efficiently and effectively on an objective in a video game. Lots of fun.
game-hours: 2765.6
review: I like it, got better since alpha, could use some more mods. Join a unit to have more fun.
game-hours: 118.0
review: Do it
game-hours: 1611.5
review: This is one of the best games I have ever played, It makes you feel like you are there with its outstanding graphics and gameplay with added mods also you can play with modern gear which I prefer. The Game is HUGE with potential to run massive missions be them PVP or PVE. Its f**king SWEAT!
game-hours: 51.6
review: Love This game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 145.8
review: great for battleroyale
game-hours: 30.2
review: WHERE AM I GETTING SHOT FROM???!!!!
game-hours: 35.4
review: Awesome Game want it so bad i think if you press CTRL and V or something you knocked them out can can steal thier money
game-hours: 19.0
review: 7/10
game-hours: 51.8
review: Real simulator, veeery hard I wanted to refund... but its eally a great game
game-hours: 45.9
review: I was supposed to take out a squad, then radio the defected officer to call in a helicopter for me to blow up. As the helicopter got close, I popped a smoke in the middle of a field to signal the helicopter to land there. The pilot decided to crash into a wind turbine. 10/10
game-hours: 410.7
review: Good tactical game play and runs smoother than arma 2
game-hours: 505.3
review: damn fine game
game-hours: 396.1
review: the ARMA Series is excellent, BI knows how to treat their fans!
game-hours: 51.1
review: 9/10
game-hours: 403.9
review: Great game.
game-hours: 95.5
review: You must want to play it to enjoy it. I really enjoy this game. To be honest, it is my favorite multiplayer of all time. i would recommend it for anyone who is looking for uniqe moments in gaming. Note you must be willing to put up with a heavy learning curve to play this game. But in the end it is very much worth it.
game-hours: 183.9
review: Best Game Ever!!!
game-hours: 1.3
review: Perfect for goats and goat enthusiasts. 10/10
game-hours: 101.3
review: its a game.
game-hours: 63.6
review: This has become my number one FPS
game-hours: 110.2
review: this game has three armas one more than arma 2
game-hours: 156.5
review: Inredible, a master piece. The Military Sandbox exceded my expectations, Better than its predecesors, Arma 3 is as realistic as it gets,with the all setting at Ultra, you almost feel as if you were driving the M1A1 or just chillin with your Soldiers. Just one down feature, The terrain (The grass, rocks, gravel, etc), the detail of it is not the best, but overall I highly recomend it
game-hours: 23.0
review: great mods for this game... The game style and feel makes it seem realistic.
game-hours: 605.4
review: 10/10
game-hours: 0.9
review: The keybinds and controls are so absolutely garbage I honestly believe the develeopers are trying to troll. Hands down, the most unintuitive and convoluted shooter ever. I have never before played a game and actually wished it had a "how to play" tutorial.
game-hours: 775.0
review: it is a amazing game butt it has sum hikups
game-hours: 195.4
review: dope as fuq
game-hours: 279.8
review: Best Shooter on PC, no doubt.
game-hours: 67.2
review: The comunity is constantly produceing new content.
game-hours: 800.6
review: Brillant for PVP
game-hours: 22.0
review: This game is truly awesome, it has great combat mechanics and alot of great features like leaning and extra leaning? dont remember what is called :P though what truly makes this game so amazing is the community, the first server i ever played on was an altis life server, i bought the game just to play altis life, its a very satisfying (gamemode?) and the graphics are truly amazing considering the scale of the game. The campaign is also very cool though when playing for extended amounts of time i end up just killing my friends and restarting like 50 times :P all in all, this is a great game with good mechanics, good graphics, low lag though a little bit of lesser lag spikes and a great community, if you liked arma 2 you'll love arma 3
game-hours: 376.4
review: Great multiplayer wether it be scenarios or sandbox style. Great all around game imo.
game-hours: 51.8
review: The best ARMA to date. Does need more weapons and vehicles.
game-hours: 452.3
review: Awesome Game
game-hours: 32.3
review: very good military tactical simulator...
game-hours: 167.7
review: A real step up from the previous game. A must have for combat simulation fanatics
game-hours: 170.2
review: epic tactical shooter/simulation and some awesome gamemodes.
game-hours: 21.7
review: The best game for killing criminal scums.
game-hours: 231.1
review: fun as
game-hours: 512.9
review: Pro's: It is a game, it does things, good things, things blow up. Not all games can do that Con's: When ever i play Zeus Riod is in control, He is german, This is not a problem, only a fact, He is though an utter  when he lightning strikes my face just beucase the only weapon i use is a missle launcher, I mean this is a realism game, that means it is realistic. And there for if someone hides in a feild i will not see them, so i just blow up the ing field........ Say that it is a realism, And in real life how the  can you call down magical lightning strikes...... ing german people and there magic powers......
game-hours: 166.4
review: If you were a big fan of Operation Flashpoint back in the day and you think that the game has totally gotten derailed from where it was before - it actually is the same game with a lot of improvements and enhancements. I totally recommend this game to you if you enjoy tactical gameplay and military simulation. So far my favorite modification is the official ArmA III Zeus mod, which allows Game Masters to create their own missions on-the-fly, though they could add some more parameters for Zeus servers (so the admin could disable Game Moderator totally - as sometimes youngsters join up and destroy everything). But so far so good. The game is very tactical and if you're into fast shooter games such as Call of Duty or Battlefield - I really doubt this would be the ideal game for you unless you are willing to learn and see more. This game series goes in depth with the daily things they do in the military nowadays (or well, in the future, as this isn't exactly based on 2014 warfare). I love the game despite the fact that I haven't played it too much; but as an old Operation Flashpoint veteran I would say that this is a great game.
game-hours: 13.5
review: 10/10
game-hours: 603.5
review: Great game with GREAT Modes, Everyone should buy it. Huge maps with up to 100+ players online. I recommend geting Battle royale mod which is a 1 vs all mode, last one standing wins the game.
game-hours: 135.4
review: Ran in my underpants, had a big bulge 10/10
game-hours: 322.6
review: dECENT
game-hours: 7.8
review: Aaaahh Arma! The BEST simulator ever made for war games. the sandbox variations for every scenerio either real one that re-crated or your imagination gives the best expirience in this great franchise!
game-hours: 3.6
review: You run around.
game-hours: 187.5
review: after playing the free days i was inlove with arma 3... if you into military tactical simulations you will too, from diving, ground support, armour support and air support this game has unlimited things to do ( war wise) theres also a mod for this on the servers that lets you lve a life in the eyes of a civilian, cop or terrorist! I do recomend buying this game, it will bring happiness with it! GO ARMA!
game-hours: 0.6
review: good game
game-hours: 20.6
review: good game great graphics
game-hours: 171.6
review: "Trotting across in the light of our romantic sunset".
game-hours: 76.9
review: Brilliant. Just Brilliant.
game-hours: 53.3
review: fun game and the breaking point mod is much better than DayZ
game-hours: 47.4
review: "it;s like Skyrim but with guns" 140/ - 15 -IQN
game-hours: 119.9
review: If you are looking for a fast fps this is not a game for you! Arma 3 is a slow fps you can go from 1st person to 3rd person, you can play arma 3 on a 380 pc on low setting! I have tryed it on a low end pc from pc world and a high end prebuilt one! They both run nice but the low end computer has nad fps, crashing alot, but on single player it runs really good! You can oc your still with msi afterburner to get better frames, but other than that Arma 3 is a amazing game!
game-hours: 91.2
review: If you're looking at this game, you've probably played Arma II. If you haven't, you should start there. I was introduced into this series when I bought this + the Arrowhead expansion for DayZ Mod. Boy, did I LOVE Arma II. It was just good, though the Arrowhead expansion blasted the main Arma II out of the water with better controls and graphics. Arma III flows even smoother. It's an extremely fun game to play, and the sandbox is very fun once you grasp at least the basic amount of control to it. HOWEVER, Arma III is still a "military simulator" so don't expect to just quickscope through the game. You WILL spend a weekend learning the controls, and you WILL hate it until it clicks. Only then will it click, and you'll begin to apreciate all the work the devs put into the game. So again, try Arma II first to at least see if you like the concept. Otherwise, Arma III is a major improvement of an already goooood series.
game-hours: 1778.9
review: Highly recommend this game! Not fast pased like COD or BF4 more of a realistic combat experience.
game-hours: 7.7
review: fun
game-hours: 35.1
review: fps             .
game-hours: 1000.9
review: Perhaps the best neck stretching simulator ever
game-hours: 51.0
review: Faningtastic game. It makes my eyes feel like they are ing. I'm upgrading my PC soon and I honestly cannot wait to play this sex-tastic game on Ultra. It just may be the death of me.
game-hours: 117.8
review: If you think CoD is the best game ever, then you have not played a REAL game. This is the most immersive and realistic military simulators (I can't even call it an FPS, it's so realistic) I have ever played. This will get you rblood pumping and adrenaline coursing, but only if you apreciate realism. CoD sucks. BF is fun, but not anywhere even CLOSE to Arma. I mean, come on. CoD has zombies and now ALIENS, and people say that's realistic? This game is NOT a game where you are a total badass and can run in ad just kill everything. You have to run for cover, work with your squad, and be smart about taking down the enemy. LOVE IT.
game-hours: 103.1
review: its the best war game out there.
game-hours: 2049.4
review: This sim/game is the best thing to ever come to the steam store, it has exceeded my expectations in every way, where as you can find intense combat throughout the wasteland game type, gangs running drugs aquiring better and better hardware every "Run" in altis life,(Note that this is also for stratis, but called stratis life.) and even naked guys shooting at my tank with a 30 round 9mil pistol. Guess why I have so many hours, there are alot of naked guys to squish, gruesomely explode, and fill with so much lead that it should be called a pile of lead with a piece of body(Noting bullets, except some shotgun shells are not made of lead but copper and steel I believe...Or at least alot are.)
game-hours: 128.4
review: Ya it's a great game if you enjoy using the editor. New features with the ability to change stances is very cool. Graphics are much improved from Arma II, but this game is not playable on multiplayer. Some might say you must have a high spec processor and Graphics card, but then why can I play single player with 60 fps on Ultra.(I have FX-4170 4.2GHz CPU, R9-270 gpu) Multiplayer matches have only the ability to deliver 20 fps which is just unplayable. Then people say you must find a good server, but nearly EVERY server is this way, unless I play a small 4 man coop mission which isn't even the selling point of this game. I thought this game was meant to be played on huge multiplayer missions on huge maps but it hasn't gone that way and hasn't been that way since the Alpha.
game-hours: 159.9
review: Very Good Game The graphics are overall AMAZING.The gameplay is very smoth for me.I always have the now and then crashes but other then that AMAZING GAME!
game-hours: 37.6
review: Good simulator
game-hours: 31.5
review: Simply awesome war simulator. The most realistic one I have ever encountered.
game-hours: 449.7
review: Amazing game. So many different game modes that you can do such as Altis life, Wasteland and King of the Hill. Wasteland is by far my favourite build structures and find weapons, its basically Day Z without zombies. Breaking Point is also good for Arma 3 its very fun however does need a lot of work to meet the standards of breaking point in Arma 2 10/10
game-hours: 12.9
review: Great game. It is such a different experience than Battlefield or any other first person shooter out there.
game-hours: 704.7
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 185.8
review: MUST BUY!!
game-hours: 27.2
review: Got arrested on my first day of gameplay for no reason in Altis Life. 10/10
game-hours: 0.5
review: Great game i cant wait to bay it i playd it only when it wos free for a weekend and i had so mush fun. I recommend this game to everbody!
game-hours: 538.2
review: get this game! And the Breaking Point mod for it!
game-hours: 84.6
review: Great game! A bit rough around the edges, but the potential is great!
game-hours: 519.3
review: Its arma 2 with better graphics and better lighting. If you liked arma 2 then youll like Arma 3
game-hours: 65.3
review: So here is a military sim. It is a a very fun military sim. I have sat down and played most of the campaign, which had been enjoyable. A majority of my time has been put towards the mulitiplayer. The game has very many options and mods to play when it comes to multiplayer, some of them being breaking point, wasteland and king of the hill. All of them are great fun and I have had to at least sink about 15 hours in each. If you are looking for something that is fun to play with a group of friends and is a military sim, then this is a game for you. I would give this about 3.5/5. Just because it still does have some bugs but would gladly say that this has the potential to be a 5/5 game once a lot of those issues are ironed out.
game-hours: 42.0
review: This game is very good to say the least with mods and missions coop and pvp and pve is this a fun and fair game and with 100 slots on some servers i can be really fun. If u are doing good but othervise i can get a bit frustated when playing becuse of the small places enemis tend to stay.
game-hours: 107.6
review: Ran around fighting a war in my underwear. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 240.6
review: This game isnt like cod or bf now dont get me wrong im a fan of cod but havent played bf,but the thing is that cod isnt that realistic,bf is more realistic but in bf you can jump out of your jet,shoot down an enemy heli and land back in your jet but Arma 3 is more realistic and also if you ever want to go into the milatary you mite know what to expect and arma 3 is a very fun game whith an exciting and thrilling experience that gets your blood pumping. All i have to say now is if you realy like realistic fps shooters then this is worth the money.
game-hours: 416.0
review: Fun game once you find a good server and play with friends. Maps are huge but stratis plays very well and has so many physics and endless things to do. Should be on everyones list.
game-hours: 50.5
review: A VERY GOOD GAME ALTHOGH ITS DIFFICULT FOR THE NEW PLAYERS BUT ITS STILL INTRESETING AND WORTH PLAYING
game-hours: 10.1
review: ITS AMAZING
game-hours: 120.2
review: 1. Play wasteland 2. Die at spawn for a few hours 3. Finally get away from spawn to find a good weapon and some cash 4. Die 5. Repeat steps 1-3 6. Find a vehicle and camp a gun store and be one of the guys that killed you after step 3. Real talk though, Great game to play with friends if you want to laugh and get weak as . (Battle royale is a fun game type too) 11/10 favorite shooter
game-hours: 55.0
review: super najs
game-hours: 65.2
review: If you like to pretend to be a russian guy living his normal life, but have to overcome the pitfalls of  GUI and AI, get this game.
game-hours: 46.8
review: Part 3 of this awesome series, simply the best military simulator around.
game-hours: 108.5
review: Great Game Nice Mods awesome Campaign nice game love it !
game-hours: 198.0
review: best game ever alot of fun buy now
game-hours: 59.4
review: Arnold approves, this game makes you Macho
game-hours: 305.2
review: This game will consume your life
game-hours: 166.2
review: Very fun and non repetetive
game-hours: 81.8
review: Sehr gutes spiel
game-hours: 378.4
review: I can't say much about the game's single player experience, since I haven't really done a whole lot with that. What I can say is that in large scale co-op missions, you really see this game at its full potential. This is easily one of the best co-op experiences I've ever had, and I've been gaming since I was 3 years old.
game-hours: 153.9
review: epic game,great for lan and also single player.
game-hours: 77.9
review: It's pretty honest.
game-hours: 2.4
review: Arma3 is fun to play but I really just bought it to play DayZ Epoch
game-hours: 34.7
review: If you like other armas and acutally have a pc that can run this, this is worth it if you catch it on a sale.
game-hours: 68.9
review: it doesnt get any better than this, poss the greatest military shooter of all time, and one of the most diverse mod comminity out there... 11 out of 10
game-hours: 251.5
review: Awesome game !
game-hours: 2.7
review: Lots a fun totally worth the money
game-hours: 5.8
review: Really good game... just way too expensive. Maybe when the game is 15$ and if it still has a community, ill pick it up. Unfortunate that so many games fall into this category. It really restricts their communities from growing or even taking hold.
game-hours: 34.0
review: d
game-hours: 0.3
review: It looks really cool, but my pc isnt good enough to run. Just because my hardware isn't good enough to run it doesnt mean it should get a bad score. I really wanna play it!
game-hours: 21.6
review: i hate thsi game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 10.5
review: Don't waste your money on this one if you ask me. If you're REALLY REALLY in to tacital  like this, then get it, if you're a "pro" COD camper then play it because that's all you do; camp. The game is camping and running to better camping spots and when you see something hostile lagging to hard to do anything about it. You need a great computer and some Google help to have okay FPS and you need EXTREME PATIENCE to connect to servers and actually play the game.
game-hours: 109.4
review: Very fun. Campaign is amazing and multiplayer! Better then some of the Call of Duty's!
game-hours: 22.1
review: :) Sick as .
game-hours: 186.4
review: love this game
game-hours: 37.0
review: Great game
game-hours: 623.3
review: I've put in numerous hours on this game across a couple accounts. I wasn't sure if I would stay interested long enough to buy it myself, but wow was I wrong. The replayability in this game, number of great mission and mod makers, and continued development by Bomhemia is impressive. This game is immensely better with friends or a small group with so many co-op and team based missions. Then you have in-depth role-play in multiple life servers and other great options.
game-hours: 65.1
review: There are many custom game modes such as: atlas life, wasteland, breaking point, and many more. I have had a great time while I played it on the free weekend, and will be buying it before the final sale ends. 1337/10 would weed again.
game-hours: 13.2
review: awesome game but kinda high price
game-hours: 114.2
review: Great game, got it like five days ago already logged more hours than a madman (41.5). This game is crazy good and i recommend it to anyone looking for a realistic military shooter. However i see a small amount of bad reviews for this game. They usually seem to be kids thinking there 50 dollar laptop can handle this monster, or people thinking this is some game where you put on a smg and take out an army (COD), It however is not. This game takes a large amount of skill to play that i havent even aquried yet, the controls in perticular, there are buttons for a compass, map, all sorts of positions, prone; crouch; ect. This game has a massive arsenal of buttons you will need to utalize to become the best soldier you can be. Flying vehicles take some time to learn, i blew up my first time trying, second time i crashed, but the third time i learned how to do it. One thing to note though is this game is almost strictly Multiplayer, there is a story and many senerios downloadable from the workshop you can play by yourself and if you have hamachi you can host your own server for you and your friends which is what i do for the most part. Also the game focuses heavy around mods. Good Mods The day After (Armaholic) Breaking Point (On its own website) A3 wasteland (Workshop/Armaholic) Battle Royale (Workshop/Armaholic) These can be downloaded from the steam workshop or the site Armaholic I give this game a 9.4/10 Pros+ Great Fun Awsome Multiplayer Huge map Realistic Workshop mods Tons of mods (I also suggest to get hamachi to make your own server) Cons- Need a good PC (i would pay attention to the recomended specs) AI is sorta dumb at certain points then really try hard at others only for people ready to convert to realism (not a religion or paint movement) Congrats to Bohemia Interactive for their out standing work
game-hours: 108.2
review: Great Game really enjoyable i reccomend it to any gamer
game-hours: 216.2
review: its so much fun look at my game time and you will see why this game is so much fun the only thing is i hate paying for add ons thats the only thing which holds it back a tiny bit by 1% game is 9.9 out of 10 really!
game-hours: 1282.5
review: Nice game
game-hours: 13.4
review: With all due respect sir,  you
game-hours: 3.2
review: Good game... add some mods... then Great game.
game-hours: 137.7
review: Military sandboxing at its best. I come from the very first Operation Flashpoint, aka ArmA: Cold War Assault. And from that one, to ArmA, to ArmA II and now III, all it has been are major improvements. Combat, movement, vehicles, graphics, it's just keeps getting better and better. Game still lacks content compared to ArmA II, but its community and potention do promise. This ain't CoD, Battlefield or Payday 2. God rambo and die.
game-hours: 269.8
review: Called a military simulator but you can also do races, rob the federal reserve, transport illegal drugs and of course do military simulator stuff if that involves you defending a base against multiple tank battalions spawned by your friend who is the god zeus.
game-hours: 21.3
review: Arma 3 is a good simulator to save 'Merica
game-hours: 700.3
review: This is a great game and well worth the money spent. However, since I've been playing from the begining of the Alpha, it's not quite as fresh as I'd like. Good on it's own, but far better with friends, a dedicated server, and some decent co-op missions. The DLC is not worth mentioning, unfortunately.
game-hours: 90.7
review: Arma 3 is way more than a game. Arma 3 has a vast variety of things to do in the game and it gives you an amazing feeling of what its like being in the military. You can fly a helicopter or planes, roll out with a tank or an ordinary car, you can use boats, etc. This game also has amazing graphics and it feels like your in the game. But the best part is the developers. They have made the game way better than when it came out, and they continue to do so. 10/10
game-hours: 10.8
review: Beautiful game. Only downside is that actually shooting people isn't really all that enjoyable. People have a mini-seizure everytime they get shot then ragdoll.
game-hours: 165.3
review: what an unbelivably prestigious military sim.
game-hours: 127.2
review: Great game Worth the money! 10/10
game-hours: 74.3
review: this game is all about war I RECOMEND IT
game-hours: 41.7
review: so far only played the epoch mod. tried the campaign and as soon as im done with the tutorial, i recieve an error message. tried reinstalling the game and deleting the mod files. still doesnt work. but the mods make up for that so id still recommend this game but wait till its on sale, steam always has sales.
game-hours: 179.2
review: question TO THE GAME MAKERS: If i bought the lim addion, should I have all the DLC?
game-hours: 7.1
review: it have alots of grafix in this game. i like this game alot.
game-hours: 0.1
review: This game is so badass
game-hours: 44.9
review: The latest iteration of Bohemia Interactive's fantastic combined arms military simulation series, ArmA 3 provides players with a vast amount of gameplay, both through official content and user-created content. The sheer scope of the title is incredibly impressive for any developer, and the quality of the tools provided for users to create their own dynamic experiences is a strong selling point for this title. Gameplay in the title is diverse, ranging from the more serious military operations to the more lighthearted experiences such as 'Altis Life'. The mission editor is a joy to work with, and can allow for even novice players to begin crafting whatever scenario they can imagine. Overall, I would recommend this game to any gamer who is patient enough to enjoy a realistic infantry simulation, with semi-realistic vehicle simulation included. The game does require a fairly powerful computer, which may deter gamers with lower-end systems.
game-hours: 0.4
review: very boring to me
game-hours: 2.0
review: So many bugs..ridiculous..it blows.
game-hours: 207.7
review: love this game! has a good gameplay with a good graphic,REALLY WORTHED!
game-hours: 1.0
review: das ist gut.
game-hours: 129.2
review: Drove my Ifrit onto my friends Ifrit and it made me fly somewhat 10km in the air, then i fell down, lost my money, gun and ifrit but got good laugh. !!/10
game-hours: 3.3
review: A better looking version of ARMA 2 with little about that game fixed. Steep learning curve. Better tutorial this time. AI has aim hacks. You will watch as your team can't hit the broad side of a barn while the enemy AI can nail you with one bullet from 1500 yards. Too frustrating to really continue with campaign.
game-hours: 66.7
review: Extremely enjoyable game but it's still Arma and it still has the horrible desync and lagginess. Altis life is extremely good except for some servers which have lots of bandits. Normal campaign is quite fun but very time consuming. The challenges are good except a bit glitchy as you can't seem to complete some of them. Other than that it's a very solid game that you can put many hours into!
game-hours: 111.6
review: So, this is my review on Arma 3, now if your looking for a game with a weak canpaign involving real military tactics but slow gameplay, this is what you get, BUT, this game is all about the multiplayer and the mods, the mods are out of this world, the only real gamemode i play is BATTLE ROYAL, you bassically get chucked out of a heli onto an island you then have to find a a gun and other things to keep yourself alive, danger every where, random carpet bombings, carepackages, and the other playes, it is a free for all, theres only one surviver, the game does not end till there is only one person alive. overall this game is one of my all time favourite games and i 100% recommened picking this up specially as its on sale, 9/10.
game-hours: 325.4
review: 11/11 thumbs up!
game-hours: 707.0
review: Arma 3 is a fantastic game with some mechanics you have to get used to, but overpriced, particularly the DLC. Pros: - SO many gamemodes! I love Altis Life (roleplaying game) and King of the Hill (out-and-out deathmatch/ capture the area), but there are so many more. I recommend multiplayer modes for the most fun. - Locational microphone for multiplayer - one of the most unique features I have noticed and only on Bohemia games. - Very immersive gameplay. - Great singleplayer campaign storyline. - Huge playerbase. - A satisfyingly challenging learning curve. - Regular updates (one a month roughly). - Fantastic community for mods/mission files. - An established indie developer, it's not going anywhere any time soon. - BI let you make and monetise Youtube/Twitch content using the game footage as long as it has a personal flair to it (commentary for example) and you credit them as making the game. Cons: - Relatively limited weapon choice (esp. compared to ARMA II) - There are engine-ingrained...dodgy mechanics (to call them bugs would be unfair, but they have to be worked around such as the ability to die from a 2m fall, minor desync issues etc). - Expensive. It is DAMN overpriced imo. Especially the DLC - recommend getting only during sales. - Clunky mechanics, but it's kind of what gives it its charm. And finally, both a pro and a con: you will spend hours upon hours playing. The replayability is great, but this leads to loss of life! I recommend it, but only during a sale of at least 50% off and, while the DLC is fun, it is very, very overpriced for what most consider to be something that should have already been in the game. TL;DR: buy it in a sale and you will not regret buying the game at all. 9/10
game-hours: 2.5
review: pros: Everything cons: you gotta wait to respawn (1 min) and gotta wait to leave (10 secs)
game-hours: 1.6
review: Great gamemodes are awesom
game-hours: 745.1
review: Great Game many hours of intense firefights and planning missions would recommend it to anyone, Just have to remember that this is a mil sim not some normal FPS,
game-hours: 35.7
review: i want it but i dont have the money but it is highly reccomended
game-hours: 13.7
review: Very awesome game.
game-hours: 180.6
review: Awesome
game-hours: 0.8
review: Gritty realistic military stuff, very cool. Has really good training scenarios that are actually worth doing. I got Arma 2 for the zombies and this for the military combat. Highly recommended -> 10/10
game-hours: 119.9
review: "In modern war, you will die like a dog without any good reasons." The first thing i've learned in arma 3 online battle is surviving, not shooting, and that is what real war will teach you.
game-hours: 119.4
review: The greatest and the best military simulator there is. Works much better than previous Arma 2 installment. Comminty offers a large variety of mods, scenarios, missions and hours and hours of online game play. Arma 3 needs the player to have a different mindset: This is a simulator, not a traditional FPS game!
game-hours: 122.9
review: This game is a ripoff of Call of Duty. Dont buy it. 90/100
game-hours: 888.4
review: There are so many things to do in this game, so many game modes and workshop items to explore. Arma 3 is truly a game which can provide hours and hours of fun! 10/10
game-hours: 11.1
review: This is an excellent game, play Atlis life mod and annoy the cops.
game-hours: 142.7
review: WEAPONS ATTACK III RATING: 9/10 FOR ENTHUSIASTS OF: MILITARY SIMULATION REAL-TIME STRATEGY MASSIVE EXPLORABLE MAPS LARGE MOD SELECTIONS DYNAMIC GAMEPLAY
game-hours: 14.1
review: yololololololololololololololololo
game-hours: 160.1
review: best game ive ever played
game-hours: 0.9
review: It is fun and a really good war simulator
game-hours: 26.5
review: An amazing game. Was able to play it free for a weekend. Had so much fun! Anyone who can afford it should get it IMMEDIATELY
game-hours: 1.4
review: buy arma 3 it is fun!!!
game-hours: 0.7
review: Its a great game
game-hours: 430.6
review: Awesome game!!!
game-hours: 74.0
review: Hard but Fun
game-hours: 18.0
review: I can't connect to any of the servers. The game actually crashes my internet completely. It appears I need to buy a new router/modem. I'm really disapointed.
game-hours: 215.0
review: Can we just take 3 minutes to appreciate this game...? Thank you.
game-hours: 175.5
review: if you are looking for a military themed game where you are not spawn killed and can have more than five seconds before being slaughterd then you have come to the right place. firstly, this game is not only intense and action packed but requires a certain amount of teamwork and co-ordination. if you do not have a mic then there may be a problem if you wish to have a good time online but singleplayer is also great too. when i first saw this game i was not too sure but after watching a couple of youtubers play this game(Frankieonpcin1080p and Jackfrags) i decided that this game is a must have. if you are a fan of dayz and either you cannot afford it or cannot access the game then you can play breaking point( a mod which is parallel to dayz) through arma 3 which is great fun and i found myself ensconsed for hours on end with that mod. Also, if you are no a fan of the military games than this game offers you lots of "less military" mods, for example, arma 3 life- this mod simulates what life is like and you canplay this all through arma 3. As Arma 3 has a 50% off offer i would highly reccomend investind some money into this game as it is truly just a great game. i have had a lot of fun and a lot of ours.
game-hours: 82.5
review: How to Overpoch: Step 1: Find 1 kilo of cannabis Step 2: Go to the market Step 3: Sell it Step 4: Cash dolla holla PROFIT 11/10 IMDB
game-hours: 297.2
review: Having played this game a lot, I've decided to give it extremely possitive feedback, and I need to review a game to get an award.. so .. This game is really good for people who like to mix fun with realism. 9/10 due to the Physics being a bit dodgy ie falling and dying off of a 1m stair case.. but overall a great game filled with a lot of hard effort from the devs
game-hours: 67.0
review: this game is good and all.. but its complete garbage. first of all its fun..... when it actually works... i bought the game for 40 bucks. had fun... but now i cant even ing connect to stupid piece of  server without the game ing about how its stopped working. if it worked 10/10. but its so  i have to give it a 0/10
game-hours: 22.3
review: The game is the best shoot seen cal of duty i would buy i
game-hours: 238.1
review: This is one of the better games I have played from graphics to gameplay. It has multiple new weapons and vehicles, AI will actually be somewhat fair and not use their wallhacks, and PvP is suprisingly good. The only minor flaw about the game is that the AI still have very bad pathing in some area's and that they sometimes automatically know where you are. While mods can fix alot of what Bohemia didn't, its still a very good game overall. Definately recommended if you dont already have it.
game-hours: 0.2
review: sucks to much lag on the hp
game-hours: 390.4
review: Good game 10/10
game-hours: 35.6
review: Arma 3 is a tricky game to review, but heres me trying it anyway. The reason why this game is so hard to review lies in the sheer size of the game and the variety of things it may or may not offer for the player. I take Arma 3 for what it is first and foremost: a platform. What you get is a good looking game with a solid (would be great, but you have to do some optimization to boost your performance) engine, two amazing maps (Stratis and Altis, which is probably the most impressive map Ive seen in any open world-ish game) and the prospect of near endless new content from the community. What you dont get is an easy to get into mil-shooter with CoD sized maps and a quick pace. If youre in for uncomplicated, fast paced PvP gameplay, you should probably look elsewhere. If youre sick of that, however, Arma 3 might be just your thing. The strength of the Arma series is freedom (**** yeah). You are free to mod the game into almost anything you want, create any type of mission and make your very own gameplay experience. You have to invest some time into the game, but once you got into it, the opportunities are endless. Want to play huge adversial or coop maps with a hundred players or more? Arma is just your thing and there are big communities (in many different languages) that will help you find that epic experience. Want to play singe player? Well, if you expect strong single player content with interesting characters and storyline and so on, then Arma 3 isnt the game youre looking for. Or is it? Right now Bohemia delivered one part of a three part campaign  those missions are challenging, offer a solid variety of infantry gameplay but dont expect a good story or interesting characters. But as mentioned before  the huge amount of community made missions and mods offer hours and hours of playtime. Personally I prefer small cooperative missions to play with friends. Already the steam workshop has countless missions for 2-5 players. So, should you buy Arma 3? Well, Id certainly recommend it, if any of the things I mentioned above sounds fun to you. It is to say though, that this game is not something that everyone might like, so stay away from it if you are not willing to invest some time into it. I hope that this review helped some people to decide whether or not they should by Arma 3. Please note that Im not a native English speaker, so the language used in this review might seem a little odd for some.
game-hours: 23.9
review: its a fun experince but it should be bit cheaper
game-hours: 303.0
review: Absolutly briliant! Lots of diversity with a big moding community. One of the few modern FPS games that focuses on tactics and teamwork as well as player moddifications and not DLC and profit. By far the all around best game I have played, extremly satisfying when you succeed with something you plan out with your friends!
game-hours: 3.5
review: This Game Is AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 254.6
review: 4th MilSim game from Bohemia. This is by far the best one. The campaign isnt't currently released, but you can still get many hours of fun in the mission editor :)
game-hours: 36.5
review: An awesome and probably the best military simulation. Thanks to the very easy to use mission editor, a huge community and the integrated Steam Workshop, there is a multitude of extra scenarios and mods available. Arma3 has plenty in store for you and will be around for another couple of years, as was Arma2.
game-hours: 280.7
review: my first day playing a3 was AWFULL now i just cant quit ,its too good its as good as it gets now i know why ppl call it an army simulator cus it is
game-hours: 86.6
review: Amazing game really immersive and fun including teamwork!!! (: and also really fun mods/custom servers for fun.
game-hours: 48.2
review: Very good game! 10/10 would bang!
game-hours: 0.4
review: its just a . its community sucks
game-hours: 4.7
review: boooo
game-hours: 15.2
review: i just got the trial and i still loved it its relly fun with friends and epic :)
game-hours: 172.1
review: The most realistic first person shooter game I have ever played and with it comes a very mature community of players.
game-hours: 30.9
review: This is possibly the most realistic and entertaining military simulator I've ever had the joy to play. My absolute favorite part is the flying. The planes and helicopters in this game fly better than any flight simulator I've seen. I have only experienced a fraction of the game, yet I'm already hooked. Creating missions is very fun, but it takes a little bit to get used to the mechanics. I highly recommend this game. 9.99/10
game-hours: 14.3
review: If you love CoD, this probably isn't for you.
game-hours: 433.3
review: this game makes u feel like its the real deal this is a great game
game-hours: 108.5
review: Great military sim. A lot of fun with mods.
game-hours: 68.6
review: great game
game-hours: 96.0
review: Just buy it.
game-hours: 45.3
review: great game all round. You dont need to be perfict at war games to have fun with this game and what ends up hapining is usualy enjoyabal. that is... unless you dont like the idea of massive scale combat across a massive map with land air and sea duking it out for survival. well... wether you like it or not... the game is great ecept for 1 thing... When arma started out a promis was made. The promis was to keep the game real. No fake and made up weapons and veicles. Arma 3 broke that. BUT! the important thing is gameplay. And thats how it should be.
game-hours: 497.1
review: what are u waiting for? buy it alrdy
game-hours: 308.4
review: Good game, recommend playing with people you know and with voice. Good mods are Blastcore_A3, CBA_A3, JSRS2, sthud_a3 and tao_foldmap_a3!
game-hours: 336.8
review: Best war simulator ever. I can only recommend.
game-hours: 70.3
review: iz gud game
game-hours: 95.7
review: A really amazing game that's nothing like the old one. It play so fluently and is a lot of fun with friends. And actually has steam mod support this time so you dont have to go to arma hlooic or anything like that to get a custom mission to play. Only bad side is that it takes a decent pc to run it.
game-hours: 31.9
review: this is by far the best military game i've ever played; if you have money to spend and a good rig; buy this game
game-hours: 68.7
review: If I could play this game more I would, its definetly a very fun game
game-hours: 80.1
review: waste of money even the real weapon doesnt move alot when you aim. graphics was good but when you aim its moves around alot dont know what they are trying to prove. even when i fire my m249 machine gune i can zero like in cicle but the weapon inthis game sucks.
game-hours: 334.1
review: Best game Evar 9/11 -IGN
game-hours: 214.6
review: osm
game-hours: 22.5
review: its so fun but i dont have it i just got it for free i want any arma games on my wish list arma 3 and 2 with day z i wood recommend this game to people who like to take there time and some game modes like br or wastland (fun modes) like get in there and get a gun and shot people i want to keep this game so much but i cant the game mode life you might want to keep a sever faved so you can go back to it (unlike me)
game-hours: 937.3
review: Simulator that only one in the earth that satisfied Graphics, Reality
game-hours: 209.3
review: One of the best games ever!
game-hours: 183.7
review: Arma 3 Offen used as a combat Sim for clans can be boring and demanding but the game itself is great the game looks and feals like an open world combat game, With that being said the Community behind it are very much the weakist link in the game modders clans and servers all think they own the game they like to play "I am higher ranked then you!" Moders dont code in the best way they can and then lie about what the game's engine can and cant do, There are fine pepole out there playing this game but MP is as with every other game full of pepole you would like to punch in real life. Is it worth the money? For Single player alone this game is worth it and MP/Mods are the 2th best thing in the game if you liked arma 2 you will also like arma 3. Arma 3 is only an upgrade to the already great Arma 2 new maps and content leave this game fealing freash and new. the one thing i hate the most about the game is the fact that it is based on prototype tanks planes atc THEY ARE NOT REAL! And this leaves the game fealing like a peace of the future not what i like imo
game-hours: 229.4
review: Arma 3 is a really good game. If you love Arma 2 strategic and realistic fps'es, this is the game for you. But if you don't like strategic , and you rather play CoD than Arma 2, etc. you rather not buy this game. You like it, or not. Arma 3 is really fun if you play Multiplayer with your friends, or make a Tunngle LAN match and play co-op missions or sandbox. Some buildings will break if you explode them with an RPG, like the tower in the Stratis air base, try it for yourself if you have it!
game-hours: 37.1
review: Same.
game-hours: 83.7
review: ARMA 3 in SHORT! The good: - nice graphics - good sound (guns etc.- but some problems with 5.1 SS) - large map - lots of gear - MP - COOP The bad: - the AI (it sucks AAAASSSSS, like no other I have ever seen - really, both your team mates and the enemy) - animations and the movements of soldiers are robotic* (with AI) - (MP) server lags with large No. of players
game-hours: 197.5
review: Got tazed and fined for driving 2km over the speed limit. 11/10 would play again.
game-hours: 178.3
review: epic game with lots of weapons, vehicles, drones, epic islands(alits-400 km^2 of hell)
game-hours: 2.7
review: Looks awesome
game-hours: 640.9
review: lol iz kewl!
game-hours: 48.0
review: Epic game !
game-hours: 313.1
review: Arma 3 is a fantastic game and a great followup to Arma 2. The game looks amazing, the animations are fluid, and the combat is exhilarating. Oh and I saw people complaining about crashing and I can say that out of my 120 hours of gameplay I have crashed once and that was because of unstable mods. I dont even have a beast of a computer and I dont run into any problems. Yes there is not as much content as Arma 2 but that has to do with the fact that Arma 2 had like 10 DLC's. Overall its a great game to play whether alone or with friends and I totally recommend it to anyone.
game-hours: 313.8
review: This game goes above and beyond. The way you play the game is completely up to you. If you want to be in a big  artillery piece than you can do it. if you wanna fly guns and provide close air support than you can do it. You can roll into a town in a big  tank and blow  up or you can kill a high-value target from over a mile away. It's up to you. With a map of 270 square kilometers the playing field is huge. If you though battlefield maps were big, it's time to put your big-boy pants on. Arma 3 is by far the best shooter/milsim there is. BUY IT
game-hours: 901.1
review: Very nice Game
game-hours: 19.0
review: dont buy it
game-hours: 321.7
review: I had a great 150+ hours; however, after the Zeus patch I've had nothing but problems. While I'm a very understanding and patient person, the follow up costumer service is severely lacking.
game-hours: 245.8
review: Ran around as a rabbit. Crashed helicpoter into rock. 10/10
game-hours: 144.9
review: love it. playing with the DUWS scenario makes for a lot of fun. good graphics, challenging AI. and sometimes the glitches are amazingly funny :D
game-hours: 536.2
review: Need to rework weapon damage models, but other that that this game is amazing.
game-hours: 459.1
review: A great Military Simulator
game-hours: 61.5
review: h
game-hours: 67.1
review: One of the most realistic shooters of all times!
game-hours: 177.2
review: Edit 6/16/14 The game has been hammered out a bit since the initial release and body armor seems to be more effective. I survived not one, but three bullets this time and the ai even seem to have a bit more practical survivability then before. Now saying that, the ai still do have the same problem where at anytime between ten minutes to an hour (sometimes if lucky more), all the ai will come to a agreement to cease fire and just stare at the player characters in a dumb blank look of "Really now, aren't you done shooting people for today?" Yes Arma, I think I am. No idea still what causes it but rumors on the web suggest that there is a invisible cap on the amount of ai that can be on the map and wrecked vehicles count to it and I don't know. I just wish it worked a full play session. Really sucks to spend such a large amount of time to set up an ambush, really think you have them scouted and set up just to realize world peace occurred as they run terrified around in circles from a crazed gunman shooting their defenseless selves. But besides for my singleplayer squad combat gripes, the game has come out with two new game modes being the zeus mode which is like naturale selection 2 meets open world shooter and a go-kart spoof that looks entertaining in its own right; I have not tried the ladder though. The singleplayer campaign has been finished, I've only just spent the time to get past the first act and already if feels like a breath of fresh air from the first act. Overall, the game is enjoyable. I prefer to play it in small doses now but that doesn't mean others won't get more into it. One last gripe before switching my review to recommending it, armor and just vehicles in general feel really underpowered to me. Maybe I'm just using them wrong but I leave my tanks far behind my infantry lines, sweep the grounds of opposition and then that one anti tank guy pops up from prone with his disposable rocket launcher and one shot crit explodes the battle tank from its front armor with a HE rocket. So to me, vehicles suck. They seem to be made out of paper mache in the future especially after just playing Men of War recently and watching armor piercing shells from a light artillery cannon bounce or richochet off a tanks front armor and now in the future tanks are thrown up into the air and do back flips from a single HE infantry carried rocket shot to the front. So the future is really decided by the infantry. If that is the case in real life fine, but this is a game. Tanks are not worth the investment. ======================================================================== Original Review at Full Release: Not Recommended but since then been revised A terrible rushed game that looks nice. If you are big into multiplayer shooters I'm sure you can get some amusement out of it but squad command sucks and no matter what I can't get them to bloody engage the enemies no matter how close they are. My snipers spot guys 800 meters away. No problem boss let me just switch out my high powered sniper rifle to try and pick him off with a silenced pistol. Tell them to engage at will, that obviously means stand still and pick your nose and then never listen to another order when you tell them to stop what they're doing and return to formation. Medics are just a joke, unless your playing on a severly modded server I've never seen someone actually survive a bullet wound and the campaign so far is a sham, just a bunch of poorly strung together missions where most of them were just ripped off from the showcase scenarios from alpha. Again if you enjoy multiplayer shooters, great. This game probably will be more amusing but if you were looking for a first person squad management game. It's worthless, ai just never work right.
game-hours: 980.1
review: Stubbed my toe on a rock, Died... 11/10
game-hours: 13.9
review: Arma III is a very comprehensive and realistic tactical shooter, It's a must have for everyone who has Arma II and gamers who love tactical shooters. The graphics are magnificent, I love the vehicles and the variety of guns. 8/10, you need to buy this game if you enjoyed arma II as much as I did!
game-hours: 2.3
review: i like the game when it was on free weekend, the campagin dialog is amazing but the guns i had were hard to zero and wouldnt shoot where i pointed but still thumbs up.
game-hours: 118.6
review: Best shooter ever. Would take this over CoD any day.
game-hours: 428.8
review: awesomeness
game-hours: 143.9
review: Great war based sandbox. Lots of mods to keep everything from getting stale.
game-hours: 12.3
review: Really do what this game so bad it is so good and worth it
game-hours: 121.7
review: good combat sim, now even better with Zeus
game-hours: 14.3
review: .
game-hours: 243.0
review: If you want a true military simulator, then this is the game for you! Even if you are not really into shooting and combat, there are soo many aircraft and vehicles to fly/drive arround. And if you go to mod sites such as armaholic, then the possiblilities are endless.
game-hours: 259.1
review: Very good game
game-hours: 0.2
review: yay
game-hours: 583.3
review: A game for the die hard Virtual combatant with tons of player created and plot driven experiences well worth your time and money (Note: for best experience find a solid active clan or gaming community )
game-hours: 107.3
review: Really good game.
game-hours: 233.8
review: Good game but with all the extra  steam does with batteleye its not worth it, atleast not for $60.00. You'll get failed ticket, or corrupt data every 20 minutes or so.
game-hours: 150.8
review: A great game and ever evolving sandbox! I highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 1.0
review: Boring as hell! Arma games are so overated, I played Arma 2 and Arma 3, both have the same issues, boring gameplay, and optimized like crap! I can play most of the games at 1080p/60fps but this game even on low settings I always got like 20-30fps, thats very sad since this is a pc game only, the game is just not well optimized
game-hours: 448.5
review: This is an awesome game!! Really realistic. So far everything that i could want in a shooter and more.
game-hours: 65.6
review: One of the best FPS games ive played by far recommend to anyone
game-hours: 127.9
review: Amazing game, get it and come play Altis Life.
game-hours: 89.1
review: One word - CLASSIC.
game-hours: 713.8
review: good
game-hours: 153.9
review: The experiences in this game, are unforgetable and only happen in this game. It can feel like a movie, except you're in it, and you're the main character. This game is a must buy, and I mean that when I say it. Beware though, once you get it, there's no going back.
game-hours: 39.6
review: If your looking for a Military Sim, then this is the game you want. The core of the game is simply unbelievable. Simply a awesome game.
game-hours: 177.8
review: this is a military sandbox game i've never seen before..with MCC 4 mod i can make my own custom mission easily. but i don't know how to make a character modelling as a new unit. I'm not a 3dsmax / Blender expert so can anyone show me the way to do so..actually now i want the Indonesian Armed Forces pack so bad..
game-hours: 2.3
review: The game is fun if you know what you are doing, if you know how to press 5 keys in about 1 seconds time then you will have no problem with the controls. There is a large learning curve when it comes to people coming from games like TF2 or Counter-Strike. You have to be tactical, and that is what defines the series as a whole. But for $60 I would recomend waiting for a sail even though there is plenty of content to have grounds for a purchase.
game-hours: 61.9
review: GGet it
game-hours: 11.6
review: Getting yelled at by trying to help your team reminds me of call of duty :3
game-hours: 458.3
review: Arma 3 is one of the best games i play; with its large maps and units. Even after the singleplayer and senarios are finished you can do things such as: the editor, multiplayer or zeus. something to do in arma 3 that i would recomend is to go on a co-op server, such as Ahoyworlds's invade and annex servers, and play with other people against infantry AI. But even if you find the amount of equipment (e.g. tanks or guns) you can always mod the game. the Arma modding comunity is huge, for example if you want to use less modern weapons, you can probably find it, even if you want to scrap the military aspect you can get things such as Altislife. therefore i think that this game is a seriously good game and i would recommend it to others.
game-hours: 97.9
review: Recommend!
game-hours: 365.1
review: i love this game
game-hours: 0.7
review: it is was good game it is nice and you have to try it it is good big map and tankis evrthing
game-hours: 15.0
review: The new Bohemia Interactive game, ArmA 2.4 is an arcade taking place in invaded Iraq. The protagonist has to deal with multiple enemies scattered across the beautiful terrain of Somalia. The story is amazing, something never seen before. You are in military, you get attacked. Defend yourself. Of course, with Captain Price's voice actor added to the whole story. The game focuses on crappy controls, unoptimized engine, and stupid  AI teammates. The missions are so well made that you get stuck in the second mission due to your teammates being uncapable of running from one checkpoint to another. The graphics are absolutely stunning. Too bad you can't run anything on more than high (which is the medium setting) on 60 fps OUTSIDE the cities without an i7 and R9. The multiplayer is great. Vast majority of the servers have nothing in common with an army simulation, which ArmA is. On ArmA 2.4 servers you will be seeing people harvesting apples, wearing Hello Kitty T-Shirts, and admins flying a Black Hawk in god mode. Nevertheless, multiplayer can be really fun with a couple of friends. At least untill you glitch into a wall, forcing you to reconnect and lose all the progress or get banned by a kid admin. At the end of the day, if you can get this on a big discount, like I did, get it. Otherwise, it's not worth the money.
game-hours: 0.6
review: ing real war.... it can't be controlled from mause and keyboard!!!
game-hours: 154.7
review: Awesome in depth FPS, more realistic than any other out there.
game-hours: 51.8
review: "An old soldier, in a new outfit." A lot has changed in the game, the first improvement I would mention is the AI. NPCs became more responsive of their surroundings and situations, making them a challenging foe or a good friend. I find it harder to eliminate enemies as they give supportive fire to each other and moving up to you, never leaving you space to attack. The commanding system is just as how I thought it is going to be. Not much have improved, if I send a group into a building to set up a defensive posture, they still have no idea what to do and start to move "around" the building. Yet again, I have to place them in the building one-by-one which is time consuming and especially bad in a combat situation. I like the new movement system and bullet ballistics. I have a more reliable control over my character, yet I find it difficult to hit a target and the enemy gets the same thing. Now I won't get shot in the head from 100m with a pistol. AIs are actually missing their shots, when shooting at me. The graphics are amazing, even in Standard quality and I still get my average 50 FPS. HELL YEAH! :D So far I'm liking this game, I just find it difficult to get used to the new movement and weapon system, but as it was with ArmA 2... I'll get used to it slowly. :)
game-hours: 870.4
review: You can be a army man. 10/10
game-hours: 18.7
review: The closest thing to real life firefights that I've seen to this day.
game-hours: 75.5
review: Watching video's and looking over this game in general I thought WOW!!! Finally a great alternative to the crap that is Call of Duty! I thought this game would be like battlefield 4 or better! But sadly I was mistaken. The graphics are the only thing in this game that I find appealing. The AI is stupid if it is on your side (squad leader says that there is enemies all along the valley, so what does the AI do? Goes right down the valley) The AI is wicked smart if it is OPFOR. Even on Recruit, the easiest of difficulties, the AI can spot you peeking around a corner, laying behind a bush 300M away, and snipe you with 1 hit from 300M away while moving side to side. Bear in mind this is on Recruit difficulty, the "easiest" setting. The multiplayer is odd. I mistakenly loaded onto a RPG server, not really knowing what to expect. I was running around with nothing but clothes on my back. Then this "cop" detains me for 15 minutes and then throws me in jail. I can't move, I have no idea how to communicate via chat, and I (this is the kicker) cannot EXIT the session unless I CTRL+ALT+DELETE into task manager to close ARMA from that? WHAT THE F**K kind of stupid design is that? I gave up on the Single Player campaign after dying 37 times within the first 10 minutes of the first mission in the 2nd chapter. How did I die 37 times? Well again bear in mind this is on the "easiest" setting of Recruit. I sneak into the village not knowing what I need to do because it really isn't explained wtf is going on. All I know is I am by myself and I need to find my guys on top of some mountain that is to the right of a mountain with a radio antennae. So I'm sneaking building to building out of nowhere across the map I am getting shot at and I get hit once and boom dead. Death #1. Repeat 3x. Finally get ticked off enough to go to youtube and find out what I need to do. Die 27x more trying to get past the first village with random troops popping up and shooting me dead from across the map, on the "easiest" setting of Recruit. Finally make it out of the village, up a hill feeling good. See some sheep, hello sheep whats up. "Bahh goes the sheep, wait a minute, that doesn't sound like a sheep, no it is a group of soldiers out of nowhere that saw me peeking between a 2" gap in rocks. Death number 32. START OVER AGAIN cause you can't save but once per mission apparently. Death number 33-37 I made it through the 1st village again with minor difficulties, on the hill got some bad guys and then die by a random grenade. #37 did it for me though. I haven't thrown anything at my tv for several years, mainly since I stopped playing sport games, but I digress, I threw my mouse at the tv. Thank god it has a short cord. Death #37 I was on this hill again, a copter comes by ok no worries Ill hide here in these rocks. OK GOOD troops come out walk away. They are over 500m away and I lean out from cover. THEY SAW ME as they had their backs turned to me. I go back into hiding I peek out to see what is going on, BAM dead from a Grenadier 550m away. Yea, sorry but Im calling . So Im sorry, but I would rather play BF or CoD.
game-hours: 28.9
review: yeesssss. #1 WAR SIMULATOR IN THE WORLD
game-hours: 25.1
review: Played this game for 3 straight hours, went to bed with ptsd. Woke up without pants. No one says you have to sleep with pants on. 11/10
game-hours: 192.5
review: Good game
game-hours: 132.3
review: This game has effectively ruined my life. I barley shower or even leave the house anymore. I no longer have friends in real life and my girlfriend left me because I play it too much. 11/10, Would play again.
game-hours: 146.9
review: beautiful graphics, incredible content in game and via steam workshop a lot of mods available online, a must have for people looking for another kind of shooter or military enthusiast not fast paced, incredibly insane feeling when you cant even see the enemy and youre being shot at 10/10
game-hours: 488.4
review: Great game.Recomended to nearly everyone. 12/10
game-hours: 51.4
review: Fantastic game. A really immersive game that you can pump a lot of hours into. Plus an incredibly complex and expansive multiplayer.
game-hours: 250.0
review: Very fun and realistic, so many ways to play whatever role you want on the battlefield. 10/10
game-hours: 505.8
review: One of the best games on the market. Great graphics, teamwork, and mod support!
game-hours: 260.9
review: The military simulator on the market. Steam workshop provides nearly limitless amounts of play time.
game-hours: 369.3
review: Poop Corn
game-hours: 20.3
review: the most realistic war game ever
game-hours: 524.9
review: If you are looking for a hardcore realistic shooter arma is your game and it also has a very powerfull misson creator and editor. Also there are many mods for it, I suggest using playwithSIX for mods. 10/10 Hours of fun good with friends.
game-hours: 636.3
review: Nice gameplay.
game-hours: 893.6
review: 10 / 10 best game ever
game-hours: 0.2
review: I owned the game but now i have to buy it again??!!! this is stupid give me my game or money back!!!!!
game-hours: 427.3
review: I truly liked this game. If I had not wasted my money for games on CoD and BF Titles I would have gotten this unfortunately I didnt know it existed until the free trial. One day I will get it. I think its on an entire different level then other FPS games. Call of Duty is full of angry young kids that believe themselves to be hackers by using exploits and aiming cheats. In Arma 3 I didnt experience that. Add to that the fact that I can fly planes and helo's or that I can take out a speedboat and make an amphibious landing on a HUGE variety of HUGE maps. I tried once before to return CoD with no luck from steam even though I hardly even played them because of the hacker problem on all the CoD games. Also after trying BF and having EA make me install origin I never installed it again because I dont trust EA one bit. If you work for steam and you see this I would like to get rid of both CoD games I have plus shattered horizon(that game was fun while free and the minute that it went paid I could never get a full game going). I would trade all 3 of those games for this one in a heartbeat. Have a heart steam let me trade the unplayable games I have for something I enjoy. I have tried to play the others numerous times and all I ever end up doing is dieing too hacjs. I tried too send a private message about this but the guy who answered pretty much told me to deal with it. I thought steam was the good guys I mean compared to EA you are awesome but I have heard of others getting to return games that turned out to be crap/infested with hackers. At least give me a better discount for it and take away the other 3 games. I thought everyone was allowed one switcharoo anyway. :(
game-hours: 288.1
review: Love this game. The main reason why is because of the people i play with. If you play on your own it gets a bit boring, however the campaign is rather good. Playing in a small group or clan is great fun, tactics used and having a laugh are the best parts of this game. If you played arma 2 (and OA) alot, then you may like this game, unless you prefer the more modern/ww2 style. There is a variety of mods for this game but they are only really good for clan/group ops only, unlike arma 2 where that has entire new themes and a large mod list. I would definitley recommend this game to anyone looking for a laugh and looking for groups to play with. Not to mention that the graphics are also stunning.
game-hours: 35.2
review: Good luck finding a server worth playing
game-hours: 6.3
review: it is bad
game-hours: 1.7
review: I recommend Arma 3 because of all the weapons vehicles open world battles which will run smoothly on most computers i never thought a mass open world intense graphic military game would run so greatly on my pc. Many servers to choose from allows so many players to join, In all an amazing game which will keep you busy and having fun. Spot on 5 out of 5
game-hours: 27.9
review: Arma 3, a game for the few and the brave, but certainley not the masses. The realistic, and intense gameplay, accompanied by persistent glitching, and extreme system requirements make it a game the wearily excited might enjoy. Arma, is Arma, the gameplay is nunique has it gets, it's a military simulation, enemis don't run at you with knives, and you can't shoot one guy thirty times. You play like your in a real desperate gun battle, or you get shot and die. The graphics, are great, but I wish the system requirements were more honest. With my Two Gigabytes of Deticated Video Ram, Eight Gigabytes of RAM, and Intel i7 4700 MQ@2.4 Gigahertz. I run Arma 3 with highest filtering quality, highest graphical presets, and fifty precent view distance. I get thirty frames per second on most missions, but around twenty in load times, and that's not half bad. Just be ready to optomize based on your graphics processors control center, and in game quality control. In the end Arma 3 is great, but taxing, the gameplay is challenging, but rewarding. If you are ready to spend the money, then just do mit! If not, then run away, with the Arma series, it's either a hit or a miss.
game-hours: 1382.7
review: Love this game, recommended to anyone that likes War/Millitary games. Played over 600 hours
game-hours: 74.0
review: got to love it
game-hours: 264.0
review: good game worth the buy
game-hours: 101.5
review: Not much to it so far as a stock game, but lots of fun regardless and worthy of being in the Arma series.
game-hours: 449.3
review: i found this game swagadelic and extremely competitive! would highly recommend.
game-hours: 157.2
review: This is an amazing, war simulator that I would highly recomend to those who want to lead or follow from the front line in a group as large or as small as you want, take control and win. See you in game.
game-hours: 1245.8
review: Best game ever! Hours and hours of play
game-hours: 947.5
review: Excellent simulator for those who prefer their gaming sessions to be immersive and deliberate. It doesn't run very well and is far from perfect, but there's no one else on the market who does what Arma does, simply because it's very hard to.
game-hours: 276.2
review: Fun. Love modding it. ITS amazing
game-hours: 30.6
review: Definitely a unique title like nothing else. 9/10 worth it!
game-hours: 221.0
review: THE BEST GAME EVER CREATED FROM THE BEST SERIES EVER MADE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 0.9
review: for some reason i have arma 3 in my games list but it says but it now not play idk what happened
game-hours: 191.1
review: This game is absolutely ridiculous in the fact that there is SO much more to this game than shooting and killing. I was sick and tired of the neverending onslaught that is Call of Duty and Battlefield. While I see both of those as fun in a fast paced competitive environment, I wanted to find a shooter that had more of a roleplay aspect to it. ArmA 3 is exactly what I was looking for. You can't just run out in the open and expect 360 across the map headshots while hipfiring with an SMG (one the maps are huge and two bullet drop). Cover can keep you alive while in a deadly firefight and can keep you alive while your buddy tries to save you with his gunship he stole from an enemy base. Also, there is a free movement camera by holding the alt key which changes the fixed camera in typical first person shooters. You can be running into a forest while looking to your right and you might notice an enemy patrol and can drop to cover before they notice you. And then there's the mods. There are so many different mods to make the game sound and look better and modded game modes that add even further role play in the game. I spent about 80 hours in one week addicted to one of those game modes and ended up missing a few days of school because I was sucked in. THIS GAME IS BEST WHEN PLAYING WITH FRIENDS!!!
game-hours: 7.8
review: Im going to be completely Honest, I bought this game almost exculsively to play the battle royale game mod. As such, i have played very little of the actual campaign of vinilla experience. I can say though that if you like or enjoyed ARMA style games, you will appreciate the leve of detail and dedication to realism this series provides. The controls are responsive, and the guns handle amazingly. Every time i died, it was 99% my fault and the other the lag I blame and curse over the microphone as I mourn my body. If you apprciate more realism to your games then straight up, over the top action, I would recomend giving this series a try. I did not mind spending the money and I bought this before the summer sale. I would highly recomend looking at the modding scene as well which is normally very active with ARMA series titles (Look at the dayz mod)
game-hours: 151.3
review: Definitely a game for big kids, not at all your typical shooter. playing it for the first time wasn't easy by all means, but once you get the hang of it, it'll be so much more fun o play than call of duty or battlefield.
game-hours: 2.3
review: it's cool but it's hard but it's good
game-hours: 660.5
review: campaign wont work well wont let me start it
game-hours: 916.4
review: Much Fun. Such Enjoyment. Wow. Good Sandbox game. Love the Altis Life mod/gamemode.
game-hours: 185.8
review: cool game =]
game-hours: 14.6
review: awsome game want it soooooooooooooo bad
game-hours: 2.0
review: Runnig into battle with no pants and a MG 10/10
game-hours: 2.7
review: Super fun 10/10 would play again!
game-hours: 222.7
review: This game is nothing like your average FPS. It's a slow paced first person combat simulator. It's niche and requires a lot of patience, but can be rewarding to play.
game-hours: 91.0
review: This game is good fun for anyone with a brain!
game-hours: 29.7
review: Best game evr
game-hours: 150.5
review: This Game Is Awesome. Ive Clocked almost 30 hours and have not even made it through half of the things I want to do with this game. The possibilities are endless, and there is so much to do. The campaign is lengthy, it has an in built editor for creating you own missions, various weapons, vehicles, players, multiplayer, what else could you want. Arma 3 has it all.
game-hours: 77.8
review: simple this is a semi (heheee) hardcore simulation of Modern Warfare as close as you can get without it getting "too" sim heavy Been with this series since Flashpoint days, every release gets closer to realizing the full potential of the developer's ambitious idea. Its not for everyone, you really need to give the game time and slow down the way you tackle things. The game engine and its tools has plenty of ability to give the creative minded lots of options too. Keep up the great work, cant wait to see what you treat us with next.
game-hours: 231.8
review: one of the best pc games ive ever played . the situations you can get in are amazing and feels so rewarding when you achive something you wouldnt think you could do. A must buy in my opinion
game-hours: 0.3
review: its amazing.good luck staying alive
game-hours: 913.7
review: Like going to war without having to get in shape 10/10!
game-hours: 1065.0
review: I've been losing sleep to this game.
game-hours: 153.3
review: Very ood, Addictive Game :)
game-hours: 16.8
review: YES IT WAS SLOW A LITLE BIT BUT REALIY FUN I WANT TO BE IN THE ARMY
game-hours: 1249.4
review: Never regretted buying it.
game-hours: 89.7
review: Complicated
game-hours: 16.5
review: Fun game if you like dying a lot. But the BattleRoyale mod is incredibly fun. Worth the buy for the mod play.
game-hours: 19.4
review: not bad.
game-hours: 658.1
review: The best game in history of FPS. It has everything you need and everything you'll ever want, including what you never thought of. Arma 3 has not only the freedom for the player to choose whether or not he want's to play it like a real soldier or a complete crazy Call of Duty kid playing for his first time. The problem of Arma 3, for now, are the variety of maps available for all players and the hard time that you have to download other servers mods, because if that is not being placed on the table, it's a really great game.
game-hours: 30.4
review: Arma has been around for along time and i think that anyone into realsiat games thi ones for you
game-hours: 0.3
review: They call me by my actual name. 11/10
game-hours: 3.0
review: Great game
game-hours: 207.9
review: An absolute beast of a game. Among campaign which I've never touched there is wasteland, Altis Life, Battle Royal/Hunger Games mod, and last but not least the infamous breaking point. I fell in love in wasteland, and loved this game even more in altis life, and then I played BR and BP, and this game is absolutley one of my favorites of all time. Especially among shooter games. It may be laggy at times, and even unbearable, and downright prude, but with friends you can have nothing but a good time. Invest time into downloading teamspeak and unite with me and we will downright reek havok and tomfooleries among this whole game. I give this game a 9/10, only due to laggy and buggy servers at times, but besides all else this game can do nothing else but give you a good time.
game-hours: 1.5
review: veri gud
game-hours: 359.3
review: it is the bets game ever
game-hours: 87.0
review: Its a very good game! Specialy the Altis life mode on some server! Great Game!!!!!
game-hours: 75.8
review: This game is really worth the $ i reccomend you get it because its really fun and exciting it feels like im in the war!
game-hours: 11.1
review: ARMA 3 is one of the best looking games i've played. Great graphics and a great smilitary simulator. You should definetly get this game.
game-hours: 29.8
review: Are you thinking about biuying this ?? keep reading!! I have been playing military simulators since Operation Flashpoint, and i`m really in love with the arma series and in my honest opinion there is nothing out there better. If you like a more arcadeish experience just get COD, however if you`re into your realism not kids games, get this!! Did you like arma 2 ? then this game is that but better, you got rag doll physics and more life like animations, the modify shooting postions is groundbreaking imho and was a massive upgrade compared to previous installments. Yes this game has bugs, but the game covers them up beautifully imho.
game-hours: 10.5
review: it is very dificult game but it is a lot of fun
game-hours: 4.4
review: it is fun
game-hours: 126.6
review: i only played it the weekend that it was free but i really like and i think i might get it i dont know yet
game-hours: 91.9
review: I really enjoyed this game :)
game-hours: 167.6
review: Sanbox awesomeness!
game-hours: 11.4
review: re
game-hours: 295.1
review: This game is in full AAA price and you just stop making content for it and want to charge for DLCs? I hate you scammers!!! This game is terrible, there is a huge lack of content for the original price, the single player campaing sucks and the multiplayer modes are only created by the community, i thought Bohemia had learned from Arma 2, don't ever buy this game, unless you have  tons of money, you will be sick of it after one day.
game-hours: 171.4
review: This game is really fun. That is all.
game-hours: 19.0
review: This game is amazing and the custom played scenarios is out of this world I completely love this game I just bought it today and already put in 8 hrs. The only downfall is that the control scheme is hard to master but if your an arma veteran it wont be a problem. Love this game totally worth the money.
game-hours: 64.5
review: Very fun time most of them on the kill of the hill game
game-hours: 117.1
review: Very fun if you have a group willing to play with you
game-hours: 12.0
review: I can't run it
game-hours: 1.5
review: Buy it! I tested it and its the best and most realistic fps military shooting game ive ever played!
game-hours: 63.0
review: love this game 11/10
game-hours: 416.7
review: asassa
game-hours: 12.9
review: I want to recommend, and enjoy, this game, but I don't. Because it is very buggy and feels poorly scripted. Sometimes something as fundamental as interacting with the world, car doors, ammo crates etc. can be really awkward. This can abruptly lead to your untimely, poorly justified, demise. Or if you're really unlucky you'll lay around unconcious for 5 minutes prior to dying! :) I can't forgive the devs or the bugs in this game like a lot of people can. It has been this way since arma 1 - which I never played but understood it was unplayable. Arma 2 which I did play and found unplayable. After two games, I find Arma 3 to be barely playable. I figure by now they 'ought to know what they are doing and how to achieve a desired result. Niche game. I'm sure there's a reason so many people love it. I honestly feel as though I'm not patient enough to both play a simulator game, and babysit the flaws of said game in order to get something out of it. I haven't exactly got a hardon for military games like others do either so bare in mind that your phallus may differ. I would definitely change my review to recommend and play this game if it were just.. less buggy, more playable.. it really doesn't matter if you add gokarts or dragons at this point, just improve the game.
game-hours: 0.5
review: C'est de la
game-hours: 21.1
review: this game looks absolutely beautifuland run really good on my computer
game-hours: 100.8
review: This is the best version of ARMA series. Many new modules are very useful for mission editing
game-hours: 397.8
review: 100/10 A game were anything is possiable. Mods were you can see the fish you want to catch , run drugs and sell tortise meat. This game is the only FPS were Maps overlooking the world are usefull and radios are a nessecity , a great FPS if you just want to have array of activities that dont invole you killing or shooting others like mining or picking peaches.
game-hours: 226.0
review: This Game has cars 50/10
game-hours: 170.9
review: best????
game-hours: 102.5
review: game is ok and all but if you expect it to be realistic then you are wrong have fun emptying more than half of your mag into a guy 50m away and he lives
game-hours: 0.8
review: OMFG i am totally getting ths game soon
game-hours: 52.6
review: Arma 3 completley demenstrates the realism in the military its unique playstyle has realism written all over it. Bohemia Interactive must be really good at making realistic video games cause this game is so realistic that it can push your computer to its very limits. Please note: players who hate pushing alot of buttons to do everything in this game, this game is not for you. they made the models in the game so much next-gen like, that they had to work hard in the performence rate, and they worked hard. 10/10 this game is truly a masterpiece.
game-hours: 302.5
review: Holy ing  is what i say. There simply is nothing quite like this around the gaming industry. Highly recommended...
game-hours: 0.2
review: Good game for these who would like to play a realistic shooter and think for every step you take.
game-hours: 5.5
review: The best game ! :D
game-hours: 103.5
review: The best, and I personally think, the only one REAL war simulator exists currently. But let's talk about the facts. Arma III is basically an FPS/TPS shooter, howewer, when you have a closer look at the game, you'll realise, It's not just a simple shooter. First of all, it takes place on the Aegean island of Altis, and Stratis of Greece. Both islands are so beautiful, includes photorealistic enviroment, beautiful water, and a spectacular view. Altis' size is about 270 square kilometres, which is really huge. None of the other open-world games, like GTA 5, Watch Dogs, Far Cry 3 or any other games has as huge size as this map's. The island includes different places, such as mountains, fields, more than 50 towns, lakes, underwater enviroment, etc. Must be mentioned, Arma III includes destructible enviroment for everything, like buildings, trees, vehicles, etc. Let's continue with the story. The game's story doesn't contain anything special. If you don't read the description of the story carefully, you won't really know what's going on and why, but don't forget, It's a real war simulator, not an action film. And the most important thing about the "story" or "stories" of the game that it comes with an editor, which allows players to create their own missions in the game. The default story contains only missions, so if we call that a story, we can call every player-made scenario a new "story", so the game has an endless number of stories I think. There are 4 factions against each other: NATO, CSAT, AAF, and the FIA. All teams can be set in one time, so you can make scenarios, where all the factions are against each other at the same time. It gives the game a real "war feeling". Lets continue with the vehicles.. There are different kind of civil cars, military cars, jeeps, quads, tanks, etc. and all of them are drivable. For players who like flying, there are different kind of helicopters and jets. For water lovers, there are different kind of ships. The last thing is: If you like diving, you can dive underwater by using the appropriate equipment or by driving a rudymentary submarine. Let's continues with the customization. If I have to paraphrase Arma III's customization, I would say: the most equipment has ever taken place in a shooter. The game comes with more than 40 weapons, including pistols, SMGs, shotguns, carbines, LMGs, sniper rifles, grenade launchers, etc. It also includes different gadgets, such as landmines, bombs, grenades, nightvision/heatvision googles, binoculars, compasses, watches, medkits, etc. About clothes: Arma comprises different kind of clothing, like hats, sunglasses, glasses, masks, balaclavas, tops, kevlars, gloves, pants, shoes, boots, backpacks, etc. You can customize your weapons, clothes, gadgets, etc. There are a lot of weapon attachment, like scopes, sidearms, laser sights, etc. For more realism, you must wear a parachuting backpack to be allowed to use a prachute. If you don't wear a parachuting backpack while jumping out from an aircraft...bad luck. Let's continue with graphics. It's very hard to compare the game's graphics to any other games'. I can say, It's the most realistic graphics I have ever seen in a game. Far Cry 3 is "far cryish", Assasin's Creed is "assasin's creedish", Splinter Cell is "splinter cellish", and Arma III is REALISTIC. I can't express how beautiful the game looks. The endless number of junks, buildings, plants-like trees, bushes, grass, etc-, rocks, clouds, etc. The shadows, the lighting, illumination, bloom, HDR, anti-aliasing, ambient occlusion, water, sun rays, reflections, and I can keep emurerating every pixel of the game, because It looks incredibly awesome. I think, after or next to Crysis 3, It's the best-looking game exists nowadays. And let's finish with the most annoying property of the game: optimization. Arma III is not well, and not badly optimized. The game laggs sometimes, and sometimes not. But It "uses the iron", if you know what I mean. Comparing to the past of gaming, and have a look at other high-end system requirements owning games, you'll realize, this game is badly optimized. I have a high-end computer, which allows me to play every game on almost the highest settings by 45 FPS+, but I cannot max Arma III out. I can run on full ultra, by maxing out everything, but cannot max the view distance out. It's not an optimization problem, I know, I said the game is badly optimized, because with the settings, I would be able to get 10 more FPS, but I think we should agree that Arma III is a high-end game, which requires a high-end PC. I think If you want to maximize everything out, you'll need a PC which runs Crysis 3 on the highest settings without lagg. Anyway, the game is awesome, there are a lot of options to avoid FPS drop and If you are creative, you'll be able to make the best options for you PC. Let's continues with the multiplayer. WORST optimization. The multiplayer is unexpressibly good for players who are looking for a war simulator with tactical gameplay. But why I mentioned optimization? The answer is simple: I don't want you to get scared If you have an i7 overclocked to 4.5GHz, GTX 690 Sli, and 16 GB RAM and you only get 30 FPS in multiplayer. It's an optimization problem, you can try any settings, you'll only get about at most 10 more FPS. It was my review of Arma III, I hope you enjoyed reading it, It's one of my 1st reviews about PC games, anyway...I hope it helped you, dear reader. ;)
game-hours: 74.5
review: .
game-hours: 316.7
review: Best Game
game-hours: 144.7
review: Personal Favorite great game
game-hours: 81.7
review: Every PC gamer should own ArmA :)
game-hours: 143.1
review: best war simulator hands down 10/10
game-hours: 104.3
review: Although it can be unforgiving and difficult at times, this is still an excellent military simulation. Thouroughly enjoying it.
game-hours: 63.8
review: Buggy, but fun...sometimes
game-hours: 352.5
review: Been playing the ARMA series for a long time now. I love being able to control every aspect of a simulation, and ARMA has always hit the nail on the head with that (albiet quite glitchy at times). If you can handle the poor AI voice-overs, and endless amounts of shenanigans, this game is for you. This is not a pick up and play shooter though, it is truly a military simulation, so bear that in mind. With all that being said, I have throughly enjoyed the hell out of ARMA 3 and it's beutiful lighting and most of all the user created content. If it wasn't for the ARMA modding community, this would have got boring pretty fast.
game-hours: 138.2
review: This game has set the benchmark for military simulaton gaming, BIS have done it again with this edition to the Arma francise, with the quality of everything in the game, the realistic movement of units, the weapon discipline, graphics, game physics, vehicles and everything else. This is a game that is a sound investment whether you're a hardcore MilSim player, someone with an interest in the military or if you're a casual gamer, the way BIS developed the game, you'll be playing it for weeks, if not monthes trying to discover everything in the game to do and see. With the modding community rocking the gaming world as well, the Modders have be given the ultimate baseplate to start their work on, the marriage of BIS game development and quality mods is a match made in heaven. I would say that this is a game that every Steam user should have in their game library :) Thanks you BIS, please release more unreal content and games.
game-hours: 34.7
review: Everyone should but this awesome game King of the hill op &&
game-hours: 68.2
review: MLG Quickscope simulator 2016 working 110%!!!!!1!11!!
game-hours: 405.4
review: it so awesome and so realistic
game-hours: 40.0
review: great graphics 9/10
game-hours: 135.0
review: Game with realistic battle but this isn't realistic. That has realistic only graphics and some physics nothing more. Shooting and aim with use gun is ******. Don't make more game with yours realistic. Multiplayer isn't optimization and I can play only single player with stable FPS. Campaign mode is sometime nice but are some places where game is totally ******. Arma 3 has yet much lacking aspects. Game is not worth this price. 3/10
game-hours: 3.8
review: It's a very cool game enjoy
game-hours: 1375.2
review: The best mil-sim! Really! The best! Althrough the community is sometines acting like , but mods, as much as altis life, sandboxes and others are making from this best game of the Bohemia Interactive! (Just body armor system is a bit ed up, nothing that mods cant fix.)
game-hours: 2.5
review: ACTUALLY VERY BAD 5/10
game-hours: 140.2
review: 11/10 like skyrim on drugs - IGN
game-hours: 131.4
review: Gives me hours of enjoyment. worth the $60. and i highly recomend.
game-hours: 23.5
review: swaggy A.F
game-hours: 20.3
review: it was totaly awsome
game-hours: 33.9
review: amazing
game-hours: 64.6
review: This is awesome game it is so ing pretty!
game-hours: 113.8
review: An amazing games that will entertain you for a while, and the mods make the content on this game endless.
game-hours: 24.4
review: This game is enjoyable if you like realistic shooters. Probably my favorite game on PC excluding League. Arma has the advantage of mods over all other shooters. I highly recommend picking up the Battle Royale mod which turns the game into a DayZ like free for all which is highly enjoyable when working together with friends. Well worth 60 bucks although if you missed the sale and you're a friend of mine that I clearly told get ARMA 3 then you could have gotten more bang for the buck
game-hours: 32.1
review: Nice game :)
game-hours: 157.9
review: So many different games to play.. buy for a great time and endless nights of fun
game-hours: 115.4
review: I lahv you
game-hours: 188.0
review: 10/10 like skyrim with guns
game-hours: 137.8
review: pre gud /10
game-hours: 43.1
review: If you like a single-player story-driven game where you are lead by commanders who are insane beyond belief, then this is the game for you. Missions normally play like this... Commander: Kerry, we need you to take over "Location X". Here's an rpg, 2 rockets, a rifle, 6 magazines, 2 grenades, some 40mm rounds, and 5 first aid kits. Here is a squad of 5 people. Five minutes into the mission, I am wounded and my entire squad is dead leaving me to face against 30 people alone and 1-2 armored vehicles. After about an hour of dying, I will have completed the mission. I feel like almost a god... 5/5 would recommend to military lovers and/or people who love to die.
game-hours: 253.5
review: recommended for people who enjoy COD. but feel trapped in tiny maps with no ability to drive/fly vehicles at will. arma has all of those and more
game-hours: 0.6
review: I do
game-hours: 42.4
review: 5 Stars!
game-hours: 76.8
review: fantastic game but OH SO MANY BUGS NEARLY 2 yrs after release
game-hours: 211.0
review: Arma 3 Alpha is out and it is really great game I would recommend it to anyone who likes team work and relistic warfare. :)
game-hours: 805.0
review: My playtime says it all.
game-hours: 213.1
review: Yes, Nice game with a nice community.
game-hours: 49.5
review: What more can i say about arma 3 besides the fact that its by far the best military sim there is. period.
game-hours: 26.2
review: If you do not have friends to play with this game is really boring! Without friends it is also hard as hell because most people travel in packs. If you get this game get the Breaking Point mod and it will more enjoyable. I have liked playing it with friends though, it does make for some exciting times. If you are use to COD or Battlefield this is not in your wheel house. You can go days without seeing anyone at all in the less filled servers. In the packed full servers you die really quickly. In the end it is probably not the best game and is not for everyone but I like it! 7/10
game-hours: 29.5
review: The best war game I ever played before. Before ARMA 3, I always thought that BF4 is better, but after I played ARMA 3, ARMA 3 is better. You have to buy this game, and try it.
game-hours: 25.2
review: Gotta love Altis
game-hours: 111.9
review: if you like gmod/shooter games you will find ARMA3 very fun with many many different missions/vehicals/guns it is much more fun with friends
game-hours: 168.2
review: Muito bom!!!
game-hours: 167.0
review: Game only worth playing multiplayer, and server browser almost never works. Loads of potential but almost impossible to play because of this. Skip this game unless you can pick it up very cheap.
game-hours: 0.6
review: i wouldnt reccomend the game because of confusing tutorials complicated controls and display
game-hours: 629.9
review: I personally like ARMA 3 for its mass potential. A lot of the people are great and the different gametypes create an immersive aura that you just cannot avoid. I plan on playing ARMA 3 for a long time, this game is extremely good. There is too much to talk about to really give you a firm grasp of what I am trying to say. The combat is more fun, movement is fluid, people are great. What else would you want?
game-hours: 58.7
review: Had the game since Alpha. Didn't really play much of it until my friend also got it. Co-op mission is really fun, and since it's all about custom mission, so it's basically endless. The map is almost perfect, I love it! And the mods are great too. Love the game really much. I think I'll play it more often after I upgrade my PC though.
game-hours: 22.8
review: Trained soldier jumps over wall, drops 3 feet, dies. 10/10 for totes realism. srsly tho, I had competetive jumping off  w/ my friends when I was in 3rd grade and dropped farther.
game-hours: 525.0
review: Well to put it simply "This is War"
game-hours: 73.3
review: Such Amaze, Very Game, So Arma 3, WOW
game-hours: 655.7
review: Lots of glitches but still fun
game-hours: 88.6
review: this game is very fun i reccomend the dayz arma mod.
game-hours: 3.8
review: Im sure that I could spend a great deal of time writing a review on this game citing evidence and examples going over the pros and cons, but its not really worth the effort. The bottom line is that while this game is a beauty to behold its not really in a suitable condition to be sold. This game has a wide range of outstanding problems across all aspects of the game that render it near unplayable. The thing that really compounds it is the fact that bohemia seem more interested in producing go cart add-ons rather than fixing many of the debilitating flaws that plague this game.
game-hours: 43.5
review: Really fun Realistic Shooter A Must Have for First of Third Person Shooters
game-hours: 99.9
review: A very fun game :)
game-hours: 46.0
review: Addicting game!
game-hours: 71.8
review: Drove a tank over a fence, it exploded. This game has awesome Anti-Tank DeFences. 10/10
game-hours: 197.1
review: Heck say. Dispite many bugs and some annoying things this game is just want I like. A tactical shooter without all the run and gun. Single player missions are trash but MP and steam workshop makes up for it. The fans really make this game worth it.
game-hours: 3590.7
review: Hands down the best military simulator on the P.C. market. Highly moddable, it's the tacticool nerd's heaven in a P.C. game.
game-hours: 118.3
review: Great mod support love it but lacking content. will eventually ge there
game-hours: 176.9
review: The first thing I would like to say is that this game runs better than ARMA 2. Also grapics is great. But what I miss are 2-3 body hit kills, forests (I just need them, I hate playing in desert areas) and also bullets seems to fly very slowly (compared to ARMA 2). However I dont think this game worths 45E, It has price of 30-33E
game-hours: 241.8
review: its soooooo much fun
game-hours: 134.1
review: Very good product
game-hours: 66.0
review: Lots of amazing mods for this game. For the hardcore military buffs, this offers a great simulation of multiple military situations. From Scuba infiltration to defending a convoy via helicopter.
game-hours: 20.1
review: I was playing it to see what it is like only to know how it feels to have a crappy computer. I shouldn't be getting FPS problems. I was trying to figure out the problem. I was tweaking the settings, nothing. Went online figured out they only use 1 core of your processor. I was really looking foward to playing this game but it seems the development team don't know what they are doing when it comes to computers.
game-hours: 87.2
review: Very good game. The mods you can get make it even better.
game-hours: 59.4
review: great game if ur pc can handle it lol
game-hours: 3.5
review: This is the military game that I've always wanted to play. Sadly you need a high end gaming computer just to play it. I was given a copy of alpha lite and it wouldn't open because I don't have a gaming computer. I've heard great things about this game but do not buy this if you don't have a gaming computer.
game-hours: 289.3
review: Can't go wrong with this game. Servers can be buggy at times, but I assure you, it's great if you want to get it right now (Summer sales) 50% off!!
game-hours: 81.4
review: very good game ! a must for every gamer buy it now while it is on sale :)
game-hours: 4.8
review: Bought new 4000 rig just to play. Runs at sub 30fps on medium settings. 10/10
game-hours: 59.9
review: best game ever!
game-hours: 370.8
review: Simply put, if your not a fan of ArmA - your definitely not a cool kid!
game-hours: 221.3
review: One of the best games I have ever played. Once I started it I stopped playing anything else for a long time. The amount of options available is overwhelming, not to mentions how much you can do by yourself using the editor. The campaign is also very well designed and entertaining.
game-hours: 46.6
review: I JUST BROUGHT THIS TODAY AND WHAT THE  IT GOES DOWN 10 DOLLARS!!!!!!!!! GIVE ME MY 10 BUCKS BACK!!!!!!
game-hours: 13.0
review: Had a sniper rifle once, missed every shot. Died to a cliff. Realism.
game-hours: 1496.0
review: Simply put, one of the best games i've played, bit laggy on some servers though.
game-hours: 25.9
review: Great game. Graphics are amazing! You will spend days in this game.
game-hours: 325.8
review: Relatively realistic mil-sim. This iteration is geared more towards gamers than simmers, but it's still great fun! NOTE: If you have terrible FPS/Lag while in a server, make sure you are running the SAME MODS as the server or your game will constantly be running into errors in attempt to locate the same mod files (or so I've gathered). I can run at 30FPS at max settings in SP but when I join a server without the same mods I drop to 8FPS. Don't blame your system or the game!
game-hours: 157.5
review: ... this is War ...
game-hours: 58.9
review: I recommend this game to the max. I bought it full price then 3 weeks later it is on sale so im pissed about that but overall it is a very good very well made game.
game-hours: 259.6
review: Great game, really gets you addicted, worth the money(check out , for cheaper price). Still a bit buggy, and need some tweaks. But nothing major. You'll need a good computer, but with the recent multiplayer updates, im getting better fps at this then ARMA 2.
game-hours: 144.5
review: i love this game peps get it
game-hours: 1358.7
review: Love this game,its got everything you need in a fps lol
game-hours: 107.2
review: Its Pretty good
game-hours: 223.6
review: This game is outstanding, especially when on max graphics. Its a really beautiful game and a good war simulator.
game-hours: 6.3
review: do not have full game
game-hours: 145.8
review: Great game! two thumbs up
game-hours: 174.9
review: You should get it. not nearly as complex as people say it is, plus this game is a unique experience you can't get anywhere else
game-hours: 112.4
review: Do not buy this game if your single core performance is low. For example all amd cpu users, amd is always a good choice for every other game except arma. The game only runs on the first two cores of your cpu which makes intel the better choice. This game barely even touches the graphics card which in my opinion is very  backwards considering how advanced gpus are. The game would be fun if it would run, hopefully multicore support is a thing in a later date. I suggest and i5 or i7 processor if you are ever going to get frames online with this piece of junk. THe game is fun though just the multiplayer servers have a trend of playing really  game modes such as stratis life and any form of wasteland. In my opinion the game should be more structured and focused on team based combat rather than every man for themselves on 200km squared (or however large the map is).
game-hours: 597.3
review: very good game but needs a queue to join for muiltiplayer so you don't just sit thier spamming the join button to servers
game-hours: 173.3
review: Awesome
game-hours: 45.1
review: paid 40 bucks on Day 1 of the Summer Sale, now's it's 30. Woot.
game-hours: 58.5
review: Its fun.
game-hours: 62.2
review: Playing the crap out of this game! love the new setting and multiplayer 10/10 Buy it now!!!
game-hours: 1735.3
review: Masterpiece. Great addition to the most capable series ever developed.
game-hours: 16.4
review: This game is awesome! If you love military simulators, then you will love this game.
game-hours: 208.1
review: I liek this game. This good game.
game-hours: 95.7
review: It is amazing how amazing it is.
game-hours: 307.0
review: Best game I have played
game-hours: 253.5
review: BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT. I  you not, this is one freaking awesome game!
game-hours: 415.7
review: awsome military first person simulator
game-hours: 18.0
review: Realistic as F*@k!
game-hours: 127.8
review: Good game!
game-hours: 35.4
review: This game is so much better than 2 i would recommend this to many people.
game-hours: 1157.8
review: Great game!
game-hours: 47.7
review: If you're a fan of open world military shooters then this is probably your best (and only) bet. The amount of content is unbelievable. You'll spend hours and hours just with the editor alone. Don't like shooters? Fine. Just spawn a civilian car (or whatever vehicle you want) and take it for a spin. Now it's suddenly an open world car simulator. That's ARMA for ya!
game-hours: 463.8
review: Arma is good, but i dont recommend downloading it on a 64 bit pc... ive been having problems with it... Like so... My graphics drive keeps crashing even though i can run up to 4 gigs of RAM.
game-hours: 8.1
review: solid effort
game-hours: 417.9
review: Easy to get lost in this world.... love the game and fantastic missions/ mods available
game-hours: 60.5
review: Awesome
game-hours: 35.2
review: This game is fantastic.. !! love it !
game-hours: 39.6
review: Fun game, don't get me wrong. I'm recommending it if you're into realistic shooters. You're going to need a BEEFY processor. This game is NOT OPTIMIZED FOR GPU RENDERING. IT IS MEANT FOR CPU'S.
game-hours: 63.7
review: Best military sim out there. Pub games will almost always have team killers, trolls, and little kids that scream their lungs off in side chat. But find a decent whitelist server, and you'll have an incredible experience. I highly recommend downloading the ACRE (Advanced Combat Radio Environment) mod and once it comes out the ACE (Advanced Combat Environment) mod to add to the realism. If you're looking for a game where you can hop on the computer and play for a few minutes, this is not it; but if you want a full scale, realistic battle, then welcome to ARMA 3 my friend.
game-hours: 156.7
review: good game. 9/10 soo many things to do like altis life or battle royale
game-hours: 49.9
review: I tried to shoot people. I died I tried to drive a car. I crashed I tried to fly a helicopter. I went boom I tried to fly a fixed wing aircraft. I blew up on the runway I even tried to be a completely normal citizen in altis life and you know what happened? Big suprise I got restrained and beaten by the cops. 10/10
game-hours: 144.0
review: A few improvements over Arma 2 but it lacks alot of content the previous offered. There are only 3 Planes were Arma 2 had like 69 :,,(
game-hours: 298.2
review: This game is by far the biggest time sink I have evr encountered in a video game. The simulation is done beautifully, and the night ops with tracer fire is so realistic sometimes you'll die just staring in wonder. The mods add many many hours of new multiplayer experiences. This is a game that will stay on your hard drive for a long while. Full price or steam sell this game is worth every penny.
game-hours: 23.5
review: Very fun game
game-hours: 191.9
review: Been playing Arma 2 since roll out and now that 3 is nearing release -I can not recommend any game above these. Prefers Beefey Nvidia based machines. # is an overall more complete and smooth build. Engine improvemants are excellent. Only thing I can complain about is thst its not a 64 bit build. The Day Z stand alone should be respectable nd have less kiddies due to seperate purchase price.For now Arma 3 wsaste land and domnation are fine for me.
game-hours: 153.9
review: Swaggy game
game-hours: 165.1
review: Winner Winner Chicken Dinner.
game-hours: 9.1
review: If you have a beefy computer and looking to waste about 300+ hours of gaming then this game will meet your needs.
game-hours: 41.5
review: It's great.
game-hours: 6.6
review: make a demo for this game
game-hours: 484.8
review: The problem with this game is that it's not in your library yet
game-hours: 163.0
review: Good game, bit of a system hog, modding community makes this a great game.
game-hours: 17.0
review: IF you play COD don't buy it , u may suicide :D , 10/10 Must own!
game-hours: 1275.2
review: After having over 1000 hours on this game, I can defintely say it's been a great and enjoyable experience and easily one of my favorite games.
game-hours: 18.5
review: A really good military simulator. Takes a while to get used to the controls and learning how the game works, but it's worth it.
game-hours: 9.5
review: Best Game Ever 10/10
game-hours: 499.2
review: Oh Arma. The series you love to hate and hate to love. Let's get this straight, this game is capable of epic feats, and then a few sceonds later, it goes full . I mean Gilbert Grape-level  after being a 90's Steven Seagal movie awesome. I will HIGHLIGHT important issues. Let's go through the bad first: BAD: The engine is OUTDATED. People have tried to argue this, but it is objectively old. It's okay to admit. Someday, you'd think they'd update it. Maybe they will, but who knows with software these days. Let's hope so. Honestly, it can be entertaining to watch assualt rifles level large trees, flatten brick walls, and send characters ragdolling. It is, however, a bit absurd. It's not really into utilizing multi-core processors, so you better have some single core horsepower. It seems to like i5 and i7 best. The single player is goofy here. Operation Flashpoint was epic, and had that awesome DLC that was like 1984's Red Dawn. That ing ruled majorly. That really isn't here, and the team AI is atrocious. Maybe it's been fixed in the last few months, but I have seen CSAT tanks go New Jersey Turnpike on my team only to have the AT guy yell "YOLO!" and fire an RPG into it at range of 25ft. YOU MUST GET A GOOD ROUTER/MODEM FOR THIS GAME. I can not stress this enough. I used the standard TWC modem until it blew up, and then I was issued some Ubee garbage which would lose my connection period. The first TWC-issued modem ran every other game I have ever played fine, and ARMA3 okay... I bought a mid-level netgear setup out of annoyance and guess what? DC's dropped to almost nothing and frame stay kind of consistent. This is a MAJOR HELP if you like this game. It may seem obvious to some, but most are not used to catering a single piece of software. GOOD: ARMA is unique. Despite it's quirks, it's still the same old oddball, cool-as-hell simulator you can mod to hell-and-back from 14 years ago. It just has a vibe to it. It's just...cool. This game is basically for MULTIPLAYER and MODS. This is a game for people who want to really, and I mean REALLY want to get into an in-depth, life and death simulation. I have played all of those other FPS games, and here it has no equal. It is INTENSE. People literally lose it in this game. In reality, is it based off of VBS and is supposed to test real-life scenarios. PvP action can get nuts, especially in the woods and in cities...it goes total Rambo. Battlefield, COD....little kid nonsense. This will get your blood pumping. The MODS...oh man. This game is the epitome. King of the Hill, Wasteland, Breaking Point, Epoch, ARMA/CITY Life...Realism units...co-op, it just grows. You get it all, FOR FREE. People even have youtube careers based on this game (well, the family of games). How nuts is that? CONCLUSION: It's pretty usable now. Bugs aren't epidemic as they were, and the community is more important then even the devs in terms of content growth, IMO. That's kind of interesting. It's generally a more stable community than most, and even cheating and hacking as of this writing seems less than it was a year ago. It's definitely worth going down the rabbit hole of ARMA...
game-hours: 24.2
review: Arma 3 is like Arma 2 except throw in tons of new features and new things to bring to the table. It is still a simulator, however it has improved from its standpoint with Arma 2. Unlike Arma 2 with it making it big with DayZ Arma 3 is huge around King Of The Hill and Battle Royale. This game is very enjoyable especially when you have friend fighting on the battle ground with you! I do recommend this game to everyone who wants to purchase it.
game-hours: 484.7
review: Orienteering Simulator 2013
game-hours: 19.0
review: It is usually fun but sometimes people are like way to srs on it and pretend it is irl amd that can be annoying.
game-hours: 1165.8
review: Buy this game for Altis Life alone and you won't be disapointed! That is unless BI doesn't stop messing with coders who are selling MASS TONS of this game for them!
game-hours: 610.4
review: This game is gold. You can do what you want when you want. Really easy to do mission and a lot of option to use.
game-hours: 72.3
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 469.7
review: Arma 3 is a great millatry simulator it is very in depth and i had a lot of fun with this game! One of the things that was a buying point for me was Altis Life it is a gamemode like cops and roobers where you can do anything from smugle drugs acrros the border to stealing cars or robbing the bank! However The main point that i like the most is how you can acoplish your objective in your own way for the campaign and the multiplayer, you want to go in head first guns balzing you can, you want to go with a stealty helicpoter insercion and some sniper support you can. This is hands down one of the best millitary simulators, and i strongly recomend this game!
game-hours: 320.5
review: Fun game to play with friends, huge maps. Tons to do
game-hours: 3.4
review: Vwery fun mrust pray now
game-hours: 57.5
review: The multiplayer is fun, but has a lot of performance issues. I wouldn't recommend it full price, but if it is at a 50% discount, buy it!
game-hours: 853.0
review: This is a great Military Sim and is best when playing on the Ghost Gaming Community Altis Life server!
game-hours: 564.1
review: The only game i actually play
game-hours: 27.0
review: Next level milsim.
game-hours: 187.2
review: Definitely a big improvement from arma 2 and the player made missions are when keep this game interesting
game-hours: 370.0
review: bery gud gaem. u shud bui it.
game-hours: 225.8
review: You just can't beat the ARMA series; gaming at the next level.
game-hours: 112.8
review: 'Tis a beautiful game. Except when I get killed by a tank from 3 miles away on a hill at Camp Rogain or something along those lines. Many different game-modes to play, and a thriving community.
game-hours: 510.5
review: Awesome game much better then the second!
game-hours: 3.8
review: Still a better FPS than Cod but thats not hard to make it better than Cod anymore is it? Only played a little bit of this game but I love it! The game is so enjoyable, I wasnt a big fan of arma at first but once I started playing this I just fell in love with the game! People moan and complain that this game is to realistic but how can a game be to realistic!? Would definitely recommend this game, I probably wouldnt pay 36 for this but for the 24 I payed when it was a sale I thought that was a bargain, I've played just under and hour of Arma 3 and after that hour I have fallen in love with it! Arma 3 is great playing on your own and is even better when you play with friends!
game-hours: 96.6
review: Great sandbox shooter with vehicles and mod support. You can swim and dive. You can play it as a shooter or a tactical game. And you can play a lightning shooting God with mind control. What's not to like?
game-hours: 115.3
review: superb graphics and gameplay, endless possibilities in the level editor and a brilliant variety of weapons, vehicles and scenarios
game-hours: 94.4
review: Fricking Sick
game-hours: 78.6
review: i want it!
game-hours: 8.6
review: Attempted to fly a helicopter and immediately crashed into my teammates. 10/10
game-hours: 22.4
review: Good game
game-hours: 263.5
review: so worth buying i spend hours in editior creating situations and living them, get this game search armaholic on google and get teh A3MP map pack. you will never leave your PC 11/10
game-hours: 112.2
review: GOOD
game-hours: 692.1
review: good game
game-hours: 267.7
review: Long time fan of the Arma series... Arma 3 is fast approaching my favourite in the series, really looking forward to the changes they are making in the future.
game-hours: 567.3
review: 10/10 would bang.
game-hours: 91.6
review: fun to play with altis life
game-hours: 1616.2
review: Best FPS simulator on the market!
game-hours: 519.4
review: Brilliant! Immersive! Huge Sandbox! A must buy I say!
game-hours: 82.6
review: really cool game 12/10
game-hours: 387.0
review: This game is one of the best that I have played, it has unlimited playability, great gameplay, and amazing graphics. What makes this game have unlimted playability is ita ingame editor where you can design your own missions and then upload them to the workshop if you choose or just keep it for yourself. This game is also the most realistic war simulator on the market because of its large maps, weapon physics, amazing AI, and its wide range of weaponry and tactics. This game is by far the best shooter you can get right now and I highly recommend it.
game-hours: 52.0
review: It's an awesome game that has a vast amount of gamemodes to play and Explore. You should get it m8.
game-hours: 13.2
review: ,     ,  .       .
game-hours: 312.4
review: Cool game! All people must to play it!
game-hours: 7.2
review: Pros: -game play is extremely realistic -best shooter -massive multi player options -great for teamwork with friends cons: -only 24 hours in a day to play it :(
game-hours: 100.0
review: you can shoot snakes
game-hours: 511.3
review: imagen fi u hd $$wag den u wld hav dis gam by dis gam nao
game-hours: 14.3
review: Very fun game, and gets better with higher graphics. If your computer can run games with really high graphics, and you enjoy playing games like Arma, then definately go for this game. My PC has decent specs with minor touch-ups here and there, and it ran fine for me during the one weekend it was free to play.
game-hours: 354.6
review: Its a cool game ..............
game-hours: 763.7
review: Its gonna be great
game-hours: 4.6
review: This game is amazing i have seen gamplay i would recemend it to eny one that likes war games. This game is nice to play with friends. If i could get the money i would buy this but i dont have eny :( sadly
game-hours: 38.1
review: This is by far the worst campaign i have ever played. The only fun mission is the first one, the second one is absolutly horrible. You have to get to a camp in 10 mintues but there are 50 AI that are pro shots that will kill you instantly. Oh yea i forgot to mention, there are IED/ Landmines everywhere. The multiplayer is alright, i can only get in about maby 3 servers out of 200 UPDATE: I really like this game after playing it bunch. still the campaign sucks but the senarios are pretty cool. Multiplayer can be fun if you get a good server. i like playing on patrol ops. anyways i give campaign 3/10, multiplayer, 8/10
game-hours: 626.3
review: Big learning curve, but super realistic. Its a sandbox War Simulator, so you can literally be or do almost anything! Really good fun once you learn the ropes and find a good squad to play with.
game-hours: 190.0
review: This game is hours of endless possibilities if you put in what you want to get out. Best shooter of my lifetime.
game-hours: 175.7
review: Very good so many things to do i would deffently recommend this game!!
game-hours: 479.6
review: great game may get boring but eventually u will find new and fun stuff
game-hours: 10.1
review: Really Great But still some stupid things....
game-hours: 681.9
review: 26/17 Amazing game enough said.
game-hours: 63.8
review: My computer trembled in fear as it attempted to load this demanding game. Suffice to say, It did not survive
game-hours: 798.2
review: Honestly, this is the first ArmA game i have played. Just getting back into PC gaming over the last two years!! This game is easily the best shooter/Mil Sim ever made. Obviously if you know about ArmA there are some things that suck and are coded weirdly...that said this game was done damn near Pefect, the Story is one of the harders storys ive ever played, being a veteran myself you really do have to throw down tactics and watch flnaks. The Online is where this game shines, from An intense filled game of King of The Hill, where 3 teams fight for control of neutral objectives, with Helis landing on wherever they feel for a drop off to the Airborne OP side in getting a flank for a building or side of the town set up. Altis life is an amazing RPG style game, from police force, to gangs, to being a drug dealer, dirty cop, medic, farmer and try to live in the virtual cities. Rules will vary by server on that mod. DayZ SA pissing you off like it did to many of us...Once you have ArmA3 you can play BREAKING POINT!! The best zombie survival game on the market!! Class systems, vehicles, tons of weapons... If you dont ArmA Bro you are PC'ing wrong!!
game-hours: 71.2
review: This game is very fun!
game-hours: 641.4
review: This game is great!!
game-hours: 2271.0
review: Looking for a military sim then this is the tittle for you. With the workshop and the mission editor you have tons of content you can enjoy with your friends.
game-hours: 259.1
review: It's a game.
game-hours: 68.1
review: Really Great Game, good mechanics, plenty of mods. Fast fun experience and easy to learn controls suitible for all gamers.
game-hours: 55.0
review: pretty good overall 9/10
game-hours: 999.7
review: arma3 is not a simulator but close to a simulator.
game-hours: 1370.9
review: "War is an ugly thing, but not the ugliest of things. The decayed and degraded state of moral and patriotic feeling which thinks that nothing is worth war is much worse." - John Stuart Mill Arma 3 is the most recent addition to a franchise known for giving a great experience if you look for it and play it that way. There are few games able to capture the scale of warfare at the level the franchise does, and Arma 3 is no different from its predecessors. The modding community and quality of mods just add more to the gameplay and immersion as a whole. Simply playing with Task Force Radio or ACRE gives playtime a whole new feel. There are moments in which you will think you're in the middle of an action-packed war movie - without the plot shield protagonists have of course. You will look back on the games and those moments and think: "Wow, what a day that was." There are plenty of improvements that are well received by players of the previous entry, Arma 2. The new stance system is a great example of such an improvement. With it you are not restricted to the standard three stances: 'Stand', 'Crouch' and 'Prone'. Instead there are transitional stances for each to allow for better adaptibility when possible cover is too low for you to use or too high that you can't shoot over it. The infantry combat is much smoother and FPS like, this makes it much more ideal for TvT/PvP operations and gamemodes. While many other armchair soldiers say, "it takes away the realism" I ask, "Since when was moving your body as clunky as Arma 2?" Graphically, the game is absolutely stunning. Not only because of it's looks, but when you look at the SCALE at which this look has to be applied you have to give credit. The lighting in this game is some of the best I've seen without any filters or over-lens flare. Driving is much better than Arma 2's "arcade-like" feel, at the same time it is quite the thing to adjust to had you been playing Arma 2 for a while. This isn't a bad thing of course, just a fore-warning. The new control scheme is something I agree with for the most part, the exception being aircraft keyboard/mouse controls. It is most likely because I am so used to Arma 2's flight controls so I will not hold that against BIS, and I shouldn't be complaining as I primarily use a joystick on serious Ops. Ballistics have improved so much from Vanilla Arma 2, on the other hand the A.C.E. realism mod for Arma 2 still outshines Arma 3's ballistics in everything /but/ penetration. Character customization is a personal favorite of mine. At first glance I thought it was gimmicky in Alpha, however the later additions and the modding community put it to its full potential. I just wish the features shown in early showcases, (e.g. disguises), actually appeared in game. However, the game isn't all sunshine and rainbows. The game has quite a few bugs, silly ones that can break immersion. You know, the type you see YouTubers make compilations of to get some views. To someone new to the franchise, this can put them off real fast if they don't know what to look out for. However, the bugs are things that have plagued the Arma franchise or at least are similar to past problems that many experienced players know how to avoid and fix them if the need arises. This doesn't justify it however as this game had undergone a LONG early access trial+error process. At the same time I slightly sympathize with BIS as they did knock out a lot of bugs in Alpha and Beta, it could've been a lot worse. In addition, content is missing. We're still missing that F-35 Lightning II that was seen in several ALPHA screenshots released by the devs. While porting the models from Arma 2 or getting mods for additional aircraft is a workaround, the fact is that we're still missing content. It took them months after "final release" to get fixed-wing aircraft in the game. In addition, it is unlikely that the ORIGINAL plan was to release the campaign episodicly. The new infantry damage system is something I frown upon quite a bit personally. It takes half a mag, half a mag of 6.5x39mm Stanag ammunition to take down some targets at 400m+ at times. I know BIS implemented vests to be armor, but half a mag of 6.5x39mm is really pushing it. I mentioned this earlier, but there is content and features that aren't featured in the final-game or haven't been released yet. Aquatic warfare is 75-80% gimmick, in-fact many agree with me in the fact that it is boring and unnecessary in Vanilla Arma 3. However, if the modding community puts content out for this, I may take that statement back. (Give me some subs!). All-in-all, it is a game that gives quite the experience that no other game can re-create at the moment. If I were to give a game full VR support, I would give this game the top spot. If you can get over the several bugs, the sometimes lazy development actions that BIS pulls, (don't hate them, they try their best a lot. In my opinion, I think they pulled a lot of shortcuts to meet their deadline as they realized it was gonna be too soon), gimmicks, etc. you'll find yourself with a game you'll thoroughly enjoy. If you want to play it purely to troll Island Life, people who play it seriously, etc. go play Rust or DayZ standalone :3. Overall: 7.5/10 Notes: - There is a mod for ARMA 3 that blows away DayZ standalone in my opinion. A former sub-mod of DayZ, breaking point is quite the zombie survival experience. No shortage of zombies, pure walkers, class progression off the bat, lots of gear, infection as a possibility. - ShackTac remains the prime example of how I like to play Arma, if you've seen the guides Bohemia/BIS puts out you've probably seen one written or created by Dslyecxi, the founder of ShackTac. (IMO a god of Arma, mil sims, and aviation sims in general). - Task Force Radio or ACRE really add something to the game, trust me. - Look up videos of gameplay. Be it Altis Life, Combat (ShackTac is a good reference), aviation, fooling around. Then make your decision as this is quite an expensive game. - MAKE SURE YOUR PC CAN HANDLE THIS PC BEFORE PURCHASING
game-hours: 71.6
review: its fun
game-hours: 94.5
review: I have a good gaming computer and still seem to lag very bad on the lowest settings. Other then the below 30 frame lag and the bugs that are very annoying it has a nice play style and I highly recomend it. If the performance was increased and fixed it would I bet be a much more popular game. 7/10
game-hours: 451.2
review: Arma is a great game if you want a military simulator. Until you die by a rock..... 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 9.1
review: For some this might be a teriffic game. For others, who don't want to spend 20+ hours figuring out the keybindings, it will not be. Lots of great HARDCORE simulation options and when you get together with a group who knows what they're doing, it can be fun. If you're looking for a casual shooter, this is not for you.
game-hours: 495.9
review: This game is some weird  and I love it! Here's a video of weird !
game-hours: 401.7
review: One of the best tactical shooters I've played since Arma II. :)
game-hours: 493.6
review: Its a fun game if your PC can handle it, If it can't then I don't recommend it but overall its really good with great gameplay. If you can't run Arma 3 I suggest looking at arma 2 oa, If you get that with arma 2 free on bohemias website, you can merge the files and you get loads of maps weapons and vehicles on a easier to run game that still has an active modding community. [UPDATE]: Although its a good game, I have a few issues with it. The physics, Say you're in a SUV and you drive full speed into a plastic mesh fence or whatever... You will die, just sayin
game-hours: 692.6
review: fix the ing ai god damn
game-hours: 20.6
review: This is one of the best games that I have ever played. The single player is very dynamic and keeps you interested. The only problem that I have with the game is that when you close out of it and restart the game the graphics are a little wierd and make the game unplayable. This can be fixed by restarting the computer.
game-hours: 73.2
review: When it works, it's fantastic. When it's broken, it's infuriating. When it's broken, it's funny, and when it works, it's boring. Big game that's only going to get bigger over time with mods and new content from the community and BIS alike.
game-hours: 290.0
review: Amazing military sandbox, endless opportunities for games. King of the hill, wasteland, find what suits you and you'll have a blast, i guarantee it ;)
game-hours: 506.9
review: One of the best games I've ever played, Highly recomended.
game-hours: 301.1
review: With visually stunning graphics and endless posibilities in the mission editor, ARMA has given my friends and I countless fun since its release. While the controls may be a bit combersome and the aiming a bit shaky, it is quickly forgotten when those intense firefights breakout. Hundreds of mods on Armaholic provide loads of free addons, making the game into anything whether it be the Revolutionary War, WWII, Iraq & Afghanistan Wars, or even some futuristic battle in the Mediterranean Sea. Content although lacking from the initial release is stil being added and once again the mods make up for it. The game is so versitile it truly is unmatched on the market place. I would highly reccomend the game to anyone who enjoys a much more tactical and open environment FPS rather than your typical paintball style play.
game-hours: 513.1
review: What to say about Arma3... I was a BF junky since BF1942. Arma3 is the first game in the Arma line that I have played so I will keep my comments on 3. Land Size: The maps are HUGE. Without a vehicle, you could spend the better part of a day running from one end to the other. That said, there is no lack of content on these maps, they were carefully planned out and host content as one would expect. The landscapes vary from rocky mountainous terrain, to swampy marsh, to tilled farmland. Manuverability: With the ability to do more than just crouch and prone, stances allow for peeking around corners, to firing over or around walls. Free Look mode allows you to keep your head on a swivel while running in a particular direction. perfect for watching your own flanks as you move to a new destination. Mods: Ahhh the bread and butter of what you get when you purchase Arma3. Playing other peoples creations on this game has been fun for the most part. I have absolutely been enveloped with Breaking Point. From the creator of the original Dayz mod for Arma2, in its current alpha state it is highly addictive for anyone who loves survival games. It is pretty much your choice how you want to play because of different faction roles you can start out as. Find a rusty relic of a vehicle, scavenge parts from deralict shanty towns and pimp that ride into a functional transport. Find rare weapons and attachments and snipe that pesky enemy from 1000m away! Or maybe you would prefer to find a silencer for your gun and sneak up behind them and put a round into the back of their heads? You could also avoid human contact all together and live off the land. The choice is yours! Creating these mods has been simplified by the addition of the Zeus tool. Create custom scenario's or tweak your favorite. The possibilities are only limited by the scope of your imagination.
game-hours: 17.7
review: This is the best military sim out there. It very fun and never tiresome. I find this game even more fun when you explore the workshop and download custom made missions or even when you create your own. 10/10.
game-hours: 100.9
review: The closest you will get to the real deals. Lots of fun and depth
game-hours: 362.7
review: good game
game-hours: 133.3
review: Really fun game if you're into tactical and realistic shooters.
game-hours: 24.4
review: This game has really amazing mods! It's worth the money fo sho!
game-hours: 199.3
review: very fun game, requires some skill but also a great amount of strategy. lots of fun to play with realism communities as well
game-hours: 83.7
review: Got killed by the flying spaghetti monster AKA: My teamate that ejected out of his jet 420/69
game-hours: 863.8
review: Great,  code, but great.
game-hours: 14.5
review: sexy
game-hours: 0.7
review: Very stressful to just get the game to boot up.. It looks like a fun game but I'll have to say no to this game.
game-hours: 11.7
review: Top simulation.
game-hours: 68.1
review: This game is rock solid awesome, but it lacks direction. The MP facet needs work to be inclusive to new members. However for an infantry sim it is simply amazing, especially when combine with mods.
game-hours: 1407.9
review: bruhh just get it already
game-hours: 515.2
review: if you like arma 2 you need to see the improvements they did on 3
game-hours: 890.1
review: Perfect mil-sim game for players looking to use tactics and not "run & gun".
game-hours: 108.0
review: Been playing Arma since it was Operation Flashpoint. This is NOT an FPS, RPG or RTS although it can be all of that all at once. This is a war simulator. You give command to your subordinate. You strategically flank your enemies. You take cover when you see a tank rolling while your AT team mate solve the problem for you. This is not an easy game. Regular FPS player will find it puzzling that you have your enemies in your crosshair but failed to hit them because the physics of bullet drop hit them. On the downside, the AI is not up to par. The game is unfinished although it is more of a nuisance because you can always rely on the community to produce a far more better finished game after that. And then there's the "I can't seems to stop myself from playing this game even though I completed it".
game-hours: 191.4
review: This game is sooo cool Play these gamemodes: king of the hill, altis life
game-hours: 26.7
review: yes
game-hours: 346.6
review: This game is well Amazing I've clocked almost 300 hours on it in the past 6 months Im abolultly In love with the wasleland aspect of this game 10/10 great game!
game-hours: 349.7
review: Great game, You have complete control on editor and There are many other online game modes to choose from. You can commnicate with other players very well and everyone gets involved. So if you were thinking about getting i i really recommend you do.
game-hours: 164.4
review: Very good game. The new content is funny and I cant wait till the game is finisched. I bought it in the ALPHA status, now it is in the BETA and the added content for the BETA is nice. Wait for the new stuff for more fun :D
game-hours: 9.0
review: Arma lll bores me :| Idk. I thought I'd enjoy it more than I did. I actually uninstalled it. I won't go into details why I don't like it because no two gamers are the same. I hope whoever pays for this overly priced game, enjoys it.
game-hours: 233.8
review: I dieded
game-hours: 54.3
review: Very good game, would recommend it to anyone who wants to feel like they are playing a realistic shooter not your silly game style that comes with Call of Duty!
game-hours: 272.9
review: Arma 3 has made me hate every other FPS, because in arma you have the freedom to do what ever you want. The games modding community is great, which keeps the game interesting with new maps, guns, vehicles, etc. The game is not that well optimised but it performs well enough and looks great. There is a lot of great gamemodes that get overshadowed by wasteland and altis life gamemodes. One great example is Teetimes captrure the island gamemode. The zeus dlc is a great tool to make cool missions on the fly and the great thing about is that you dont need a dedicated community for it, you can just jump on a public game and have fun. Arma has incredibly detailed mission editor in which you can spend tons of time just exploring the map, blowing up some ai, learning to fly a helicopter, and so on. If you like shootters and would like to play something more realistic get arma 3.
game-hours: 271.8
review: Extremely fun military simulation. Beautfiul simulation and great controls/gameplay. But the thing I love the most I Altis Life gamemode in multiplayer its one of the best thing Iv ever played theres so many options to do whatever you like.
game-hours: 55.9
review: Really worth buying. You can go ride go-karts, play Battle Royale with friends, play Breaking Point with friends, play Wasteland with friends. The only problem with the game is when you don't have any friends that have this game to play with. 9/10 from me.
game-hours: 113.5
review: I would recommend this game to anyone who wants to have diversity from being able to play a milsim to somebody who wants to mod the living daylights out it, there are many mods that subtle changes to the drastic changes like the DayZ mod. i think it has the variety to be able to keep any player attracted the ARMA series for a long time.
game-hours: 35.5
review: Highly recomend this game to anyone who wants to buy it as there is no game crashing bugs, lots of fun in battle royal and for people who like a mixture of guns and drugs Scareface style should really play Altis life RPG.
game-hours: 279.6
review: Incredible game, the definitive military simulator
game-hours: 2.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 564.2
review: Best game out!
game-hours: 2.2
review: be the game free
game-hours: 334.0
review: Altis life trolling, and even becoming a millionaire, is so ing hilarious. The wasteland is also very fun, with a stealthy approach to everything. 11/10 if you have a good pc, get this game.
game-hours: 169.7
review: absolute blast not to mention the mod Breaking Point is so much fun. just buy it! its so much fun
game-hours: 162.9
review: Treid new flying controls, stayed in the air for 5 seconds and nose dived into a fuel truck. 11/10
game-hours: 580.5
review: "There are some Grat mods, Altis Life is just so fun when you ninja someones un-locked car then drive it to a drug field and get into a shootout with the police".
game-hours: 149.8
review: Closest thing you can get to being in the military without being there irl, needs more polish though.
game-hours: 1028.6
review: Most real game iv ever played kinda like a mix of ghost recon and bf3
game-hours: 369.5
review: Better than Arma 2
game-hours: 0.2
review: looks good. and is good when playing orginized
game-hours: 57.2
review: if your computer can handle it then its a fun game! would recoment altis life.
game-hours: 63.1
review: A nice upgrade from arma 2, people should also check out the breaking point mod.
game-hours: 47.0
review: They should rename this game to "helicopter crash simulator 3"
game-hours: 102.3
review: Tons of fun
game-hours: 57.2
review: WOOOOT
game-hours: 2.0
review: I'm haten on spacewaffle right now cause he got arma 3 and i'm siting just eating my own cho cho train here and i'm like BRUH shout out to ya boi.
game-hours: 370.3
review: This military simulator is more than anything someone could ask for in a game it provides a good variety of mods, online game modes, scenarios. It also contains a flaw sometimes in the physics of the game but overall its worth buying if your looking for more than 4 hours of gameplay like most other games!
game-hours: 53.7
review: This game is pretty fun. The game types you will have the most fun with is probably any type of Life server. Epoch is also fun, but what out for the exploding zombies. And finally King of the Hill, this game type is the kind that most people play because it's the most competitive. Nevertheless, you should get this game. Have fun with it.
game-hours: 86.5
review: 3 hours and i already want a divorce and quiet place to play...forever...
game-hours: 380.7
review: Good game, little buggy at times, but overall good, has a good community that hosts servers alot of which are fun and full of gameplay, decent amount of vehicles.
game-hours: 183.9
review: good game needs more interactive modes for most fun as there is a lot of traveling and not mutch shooting but is still great
game-hours: 0.7
review: Arma 3 is great with friends and also when your board you can mhave fun with other people.
game-hours: 116.5
review: Awesome game. I thought I wouldn't run it on a Geforce GT 530 but I did with 35-40 FPS on medium settings. Overall; game experience is amazing if you're using mods and of course it's a tatical military shooter therefor... amazing.
game-hours: 250.3
review: LOVE THIS GAME :)
game-hours: 613.2
review: amazing
game-hours: 138.1
review: Alot of bugs, almost as bad as arma2. Pretty sights, cool environment, awesome maps. The game doeasnt feel finished yet, not enough vehicles,  controls...
game-hours: 73.4
review: Damned fantastic game, like the rest of the series. Hostile takeover TDM servers are good play particularily.
game-hours: 93.2
review: its good
game-hours: 258.4
review: was flying a full ghosthawk the other day taking some guys to an AO. i wanted to stay safe so i checked the map and marked an LZ that would block visuals of me via the trees that were in the area. i head out and keep myself low when we get close. im about 10 feet off the ground when tank rounds start hitting the side of my chopper. im hearing beeps and  in my head and my anti-torque rotor was out so it threw us into a spin. i switched to thirdperson to see if i was going to hit a tree or not and all i saw was dead guys pouring out of the other side. im finally on the ground and im knocked unconscious. as my screen flashes in and out, i see machine gunners throwing hundreds of rounds in all directions while three guys revive the ones that didnt die on the ground. as the guy that dragged me out brought me back all he said was "inb4 dangerzone" you wont get that rush from any other game. i would definitely reccomend, holy  does it get intense.
game-hours: 413.6
review: Awesome game. Great value for money!
game-hours: 258.0
review: brill game but you do need a decent machine to wack up the settings. really good modding comunuity too.
game-hours: 725.4
review: Pro's: Solid game Lots of mods Has the most playback value of almost any game. Con's: Lag and De-Sync on multiplayer missions
game-hours: 70.0
review: Just like the rest of the Arma games, another great one here.
game-hours: 182.4
review: 10/10
game-hours: 4.0
review: ARMA 3 is a great game,if you kown how to enjoy it
game-hours: 261.0
review: dont walk across Altis when playing this game...you'll have 30 hours by the time you hit the other side...
game-hours: 207.9
review: great graphics. love the game and the mods
game-hours: 16.4
review: A2 but with all bugs fixed, well most, but I'm very upset that I bought it at the beginning of the week and wasn't thinking of Steam Summer Sale, and now its $20 less. GRRRR. But yeah this ArmA is way more realistic, way improved, weapon customization, smoother gameplay, and if you are really looking for some tactical realism, this game is home to the most serious gaming clans. But hey ITS $40!! BUY IT!
game-hours: 376.0
review: Amazing game I love it
game-hours: 439.7
review: If you like some realistic gunplay or some fun roleplaying type fps games I thing this would be a good buy for anybody.
game-hours: 0.8
review: crazy good game. im temted to buy it but its a bit too expencive in my opinion (and does not fit in my buget). i was however able to get hold of it for an hour (free download event) and it was good fun and enjoyd every second of that hour.
game-hours: 120.0
review: Game
game-hours: 29.6
review: This has got to be the most challenging, strategic, and fun game on the market. If you like using your brain to get yourself out of seemingly impossible situations then this game is for you. The first campaign mission was not as fun but as the story develops the missions get better and better. The game is also absolutely stunning and looks like a movie at all times.
game-hours: 275.4
review: 10/10, most engaging tactical shooter I've played in a long time.
game-hours: 184.4
review: Game is good. Graphics are good. the mods are good. What else could you need?
game-hours: 1373.0
review: Best game NA. Versatile engine, amazing graphics, and ongoing workshop content and user made MP missions. Only downside is eats a lot of resources. Not for weaker PC's. ++++1
game-hours: 34.0
review: Some bugs but really fun with friends
game-hours: 368.7
review: Clunky as hell, glitchy, poorly optimized, server browser never shows any servers, and the AI is the most potato thing I've ever laid eyes on. And yet... It's still really fun.
game-hours: 181.9
review: When you buy ArmA 3, you need to join a unit. Being in a unit is the most fun I have had in a game in a long time. This game is about multiplayer, and it is is so much more fun when you play it with other people.
game-hours: 11.5
review: This gaem is teh boosh
game-hours: 554.4
review: love it i always play on this arm3 rules good grafics recommend to buy this
game-hours: 286.9
review: Cleared a buliding by shooting through it with a .50. Would penetrate again.
game-hours: 213.1
review: A Very,Very,Very Good First Person Shooter War Game It Has So Much Possible Controls That When First Time Playing i didnt know what what is xP
game-hours: 42.2
review: Great game, stunning graphics, and zombies....yes....zombies
game-hours: 92.6
review: An ultrarealistic War SImulation. Just awesome... and there is the Mod support, generating many many great games like Breaking Point (like DayZ) and Altis Life RPG
game-hours: 108.7
review: An great game which can be played in many ways. I didn't even complete the campaign as I didn't enjoy the parts where you start to command AI squads, but instead found lots of fun in the public co-op servers with semi-realistic team play. It also features one of the best online game communities, and because of some of the game mechanics, public servers are surprisingly enjoyable compared to other games. The game is not without flaws though, and especially in MP it is quite demanding on the CPU.
game-hours: 85.0
review: Great game, love almost everthing about it. I love teh movements, and the weapons, flying being easier and somehow more enjoyable, the great and beautiful environment, and much much more. The thing I dont like about the game, is that the updates don't really update our games... The updates make Multiplayer server searching have issues searching and take about 1 hour to load the entire server list, loading one server every 10-15 seconds. You also get glitches when you host a server where you select a mission, but the Teams, Player Slots, and the Player list are all bugged out and cant see them. Hope this issue gets fixed, then it would be my best chosen Advanced Military Simulator.
game-hours: 93.1
review: Oh God Yes <3 This game needs more units tho... But it keeps getting better and better so dont worry :P
game-hours: 30.1
review: Fun, not just the gameplay, but the different modes. Altis is hilarious, and other game modes are just outright fun!
game-hours: 394.5
review: Arma 3 is an amazing game. You can do almost anything on it. You can do a role-playing simulation, or a full out death match if you want. I've played this game a lot with my friends and we all love it.
game-hours: 652.3
review: sooooo fun
game-hours: 221.5
review: Really good game if you're a hardcore gamer and have patience and like teamwork. Also very realistic
game-hours: 357.3
review: this game is amazing if you are looking for a realistic shooter!
game-hours: 717.7
review: Great game it is addictive and there are lots of great community made mods to play with when you and they range from the interesting to the rididulous. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
game-hours: 235.2
review: Great Game super fun!
game-hours: 420.8
review: Simply awful. They charge a AAA price and deliver shoddy, amateurish "work." The concept is wonderful, the animations are neat, the graphics aren't bad. This game wouldn't actually be terrible if it, ya know, worked. Multiplayer is a disaster, try and spawn more than 20 enemy AI in a mission and you can just forget about it. You could have two titans and Intel's latest CPU and you'd get about 8fps. Why? Because Bohemia was lazy and used their old arma 1 architecture when designing their "new" engine. So it only utilizes one CPU core. I'd pay about 10 dollars for this game, to help some guys who are very new to the gaming industry out. The only problem is, these guys aren't new to the industry at all, in fact they've been around for quite some time. I have no idea what their excuse is for such poor design but it seems they haven't put forth enough effort to bother coming up with one. The other thing. They rely on modders to make the game even somewhat fun. The vanilla content is terrible. As of now I only use modder made vehicles, weapons, maps, AI ect... because it's all so much better than the assets Bohemia have. Honestly these modders should get together, download CryEngine and make a game together, it would be much much better than Bohemia's. In fact, Bohemia get's away with the his cheap "meh, good nough" attitude because they have no competition for this kind of open world, tactical, simulator. The only good thing about this game is that when it's actually working properly (very rare) it's incredibly fun. I love playing with friends and creating ops. But I spend 90% of my time troubleshooting than actually playing. These devs did not do their jobs. But like I said, it's a lot of fun when it's working because the this open world, tactical sim, is a great idea. Just executed very very poorly. I would not recommend this game to anyone. It's a horrible disappointment. Truly childish work.
game-hours: 1008.7
review: Arma 3, what can I say its arma. You love it so much you end up hating it, but you still can't get enough..
game-hours: 58.5
review: i do not own this game 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 233.4
review: Amazing game. Can't stop playing it!
game-hours: 110.5
review: game is cool 20 minutes at a time when its not losing connection or having my steam ticket fail what ever that means, when they fix this POS should be an awesome game.
game-hours: 131.1
review: GREAT SOLID GAME
game-hours: 1118.0
review: awesome game.
game-hours: 228.1
review: 10/10 This is a great game if you are looking for something alot more realistic than COD or BattleField or anything else along those lines. From the campaigns beginning to end you are spending time to even get to the primary objective, this is great because you get to see how much time and effort went into this masterpiece. Then we get into the firefights every thing from learning how to shoot to mastering the ammount of bullet drop for each gun you can spend hours and even days mucking around with the hundreds of controls. On top of that there is DLC and user-made content and I for one cannot describe how much I am anticipating for a dayz mod for this game it would be amazing.
game-hours: 186.6
review: Arma 3 is not another brain-dead shooter, this one's got both beauty and brains! Not bad for eastern Europe
game-hours: 245.8
review: Amazing game play, highly recommended if you enjoyed ARMA 2
game-hours: 58.6
review: ten outa ten would banana bongerino dongerino
game-hours: 44.3
review: This Game is awesome BUT You MUST have a very good config
game-hours: 15.4
review: that grapics alot better than arma 2
game-hours: 28.0
review: Just bought it for Altis Life but now im in Love with this Game ecpecially the campaign
game-hours: 109.8
review: if your reading this scrol up and buy this game!
game-hours: 351.2
review: Realistic Game and funny :p
game-hours: 0.7
review: The game laggs way to much.
game-hours: 276.4
review: Do you like Guns? Do you like shooting things? Yes? How about flying and shooting things?! Then yes, this game is for you. Solid Gameplay, great to play with friends, This game really comes into its own in multiplayer where the situation can change moment by moment. Yes the interface can be a bit clunky and sometimes you will enter an animation that seems to take for ever to complete - usualy when you are standing in the open with enemies on all sides but all that can be overlooked because Arma 3 is an enjoyable game
game-hours: 163.1
review: ....awesome...
game-hours: 180.9
review: 10/10 would desync on multi again
game-hours: 488.1
review: One of the best games I have ever played! Some glitches but they will get ironed out after the developers spend there spoils and feel like being productive for more money... If you liked Arma 2 you will love this.
game-hours: 230.6
review: Awesome game! The realism and teamwork is amazing. Although I was dissapointed when all the vehicles from Arma 2 weren't used in this one.
game-hours: 124.7
review: This game is fantastic and multiplayer is excellent great game cant wait for more dlc
game-hours: 114.9
review: It's the ShitBiscuit.
game-hours: 59.6
review: Good Game, Can drive off a cliff and do barrel rolls
game-hours: 76.9
review: Very good game, really worth cheking out for those who got bored of the regular type shooters, and with the Zeus dlc wich is free this game is worth every penny, it becomes a game with an incredible ever evolving gameplay, wich no other shooter can offer.
game-hours: 641.7
review: Great game must buy
game-hours: 0.1
review: Yesss????
game-hours: 20.7
review: Tried to do a backflip in a helicopter, didn't press Z whilst upside down... I died. 99/11
game-hours: 127.3
review: Love it!
game-hours: 24.9
review: Too expensive I can't play with my friends XD
game-hours: 61.8
review: So much amazing action, why arent you playing!?
game-hours: 126.8
review: 10/10 look boodyful would bang
game-hours: 409.8
review: Brilliant... simply brilliant. Needs some premium hardware to play, but other than that, it is worth Your money.
game-hours: 463.2
review: Best game ive ever played , good graphics , no bugs , reallife simulator #Bestgame2014
game-hours: 614.9
review: Very fun game with a lot of mods and a lot more always coming into the game definetly worth buying if you can run it.
game-hours: 190.6
review: Best Milsim yet.
game-hours: 5.3
review: I crashed a helicopter and made a grown man cry because we all died and lost the mission. 20/10
game-hours: 55.9
review: Arma 3 great MilSlim game
game-hours: 75.6
review: Best looking game of the year so far, not to mention great gameplay
game-hours: 41.3
review: i became an apple picker and a cannabis druglord in less than an hour 10/10
game-hours: 62.9
review: Easily the best small island simulator I've ever played. Loads of trees and flies!!!
game-hours: 310.9
review: Since I bought this game all other games have taken the back seat. Arma is so much fun and much more fun when played with friends. This game is ver much worth the purchase!!!!!
game-hours: 11.9
review: It's a game.
game-hours: 107.2
review: Quite possibly the worst game I have ever played. Vehicle control is stupid. Helicopters are impossible to control. Your tank crew is borderline . Enemy hitbox is the size of a pixel, meanwhile yours can be hit while you are behind a house. Biggest waste of money ever. This game is an aweful scam.
game-hours: 1107.3
review: this game is great fun and i will always come back to this game if i am sad
game-hours: 300.8
review: really good game. If you liked ArmA 2... You Will Like ArmA 3 Better!
game-hours: 160.8
review: If you have a high end gaming pc and you are interested in heavy military simulators definitly get this game. It's the few of it's kind with that much detail and that level of simulation. It's a really fun game.
game-hours: 85.3
review: Greates Millitary sim ever made, if realism interests you then buy it. 11/10 would play again.
game-hours: 14.3
review: army simulator
game-hours: 76.4
review: Greatest Army Simulator ever, hard to get into, slow paced at times, but greatest at what it is, do reccomend.
game-hours: 263.2
review: Fun Game Its best played with friends though however it does feel very realistic and it takes a bit to get used to if ur used to more close ranged FPS
game-hours: 158.7
review: Best military simulator out there. Its still clunky as hell like ARMA II, but we still love it anyways.
game-hours: 22.2
review: Has Goats!
game-hours: 289.7
review: This game looks amazing!
game-hours: 32.0
review: Fun
game-hours: 64.4
review: This game is one of the best i have ever played.. if your into games about stealth, combat, shooting and driving tanks and helicopters, this is one for you! Get it now while it's cheap!
game-hours: 19.2
review: I got it for 20 buckerunos when it came out so heil I guess
game-hours: 157.7
review: Played Arma 2 and loved it, this is a good upgrade. Feels a lot smoother.
game-hours: 20.5
review: just get it and thank me later
game-hours: 205.7
review: I gotta say, I've really enjoyed the piss out of this game. It scratched an itch I had for a while to play a good tactical shooter akin to old-school Ghost Recon on a large scale. A bit clunky mechanically (intentionally in some ways), but it affords a ridiculous amount of depth in how you move and position yourself in the environment, and in outfitting your character. The enemy AI isn't hyper intelligent, but is compentent enough for flanking maneuvers and the like as well as being great shots, offering a satisfying challenge. I've found the campaign to be really good so far, starting you out with low responsibility as you learn the ropes and mostly move with friendly AI, before giving you squad control in the second episode. A hub exists where you may outfit yourself between missions, and you sometimes have an opportunity to go on optional "patrol" ops where you scavenge for supplies and investigate points of interest across the battlefield. But Arma really shines in large scale multiplayer. Cooperative missions with ~30 people or more all coordinating in different roles from infantry to close air support is exhilirating to say the least, plus there are opportunities for PVP and sandbox game modes, along with the Forge-eque Zeus game master mode. Arma is very community driven with a lot of the juicy content coming from fan made mods and missions, so there's a ridiculous amount of content to digest. In summation, a great and truly hardcore milsim if you're looking for a challenging and cerebral shooter. It won't be everybody's cup of tea but it offers experiences that you won't get in other multiplayer shooters. Check out footage from communities like Shack Tactical, a3g, Core Tactical, etcetera to get a better feel of what Arma III is. I'm definitely not disappointed with my purchase.
game-hours: 207.5
review: Several steps in the right direction over Arma 2. The new bullet projectile mechanics are top-notch.
game-hours: 95.9
review: It is a great game, you will have a lot of fun in it with your friends. I strongly recommend this game.
game-hours: 116.9
review: Awsome Game highly recommend this game
game-hours: 69.5
review: awesome game
game-hours: 68.0
review: Lot's of running around, not much action. If you are really into C.O.D. or B.F. you probably will not find this slow-paced game very interesting. On the plus side it does have some of the best weapon, player, and vehicle graphics that exist right now.
game-hours: 60.2
review: Best teamwork game....
game-hours: 938.3
review: Installed JSRS 2.0 sound mod,ended up with PTSD and ringing in my ears 10/10 would play again if the nightmares stop.
game-hours: 195.4
review: Great Game if you Enjoyed playing any of the other Arma Series. Already has Life Mods, and DayZ Mods available to play on. Expect some similar to Arma 2 Bugs/Quirks but nothing really game breaking in my opinion. A lot of the issues that comes with the Multiplayer Gameplay is usually Server-Side more than client-side issues, which even at that point I have not seen many 'bad' servers. Multiplayer is fun, Steam Workshop integration is Awesome as well!
game-hours: 15.0
review: A really fun game uses alot of team work and you get to shoot stuff :)
game-hours: 245.6
review: Arma 3 is possibly one of the best Military Simulation games I have ever experienced. Pros: - Wide variety of gamemodes - Friendly and (mostly) mature communities - Multiplayer allows some crazy fun times with as many friends as you can get together - Performance is quite good for most instances (see cons for exceptions) Cons: - Performance in big cities with a lot of players suffers heavily - Physics can be a bit "derpy" in some instances, and result in death - "Desync"! Do some research on it, however it is an ARMA thing - Your social life will slowly fade away when you play this game Overall: I would easily recommend this game to Sandbox/Shooter game lovers.
game-hours: 88.2
review: great game
game-hours: 77.7
review: Awesome war simulator game! Way better than ArmA 2 and the storyline is more flowing and interesting! You must get it!
game-hours: 251.4
review: After playing Arma 3, other FPS games feel too arcade-ish.
game-hours: 489.3
review: Really good game. Heaps of mods and game modes comming out all the time. This game is a great investment for the future and I think everyone should have it in there steam library.
game-hours: 162.4
review: pretty gewd
game-hours: 0.3
review: awesome
game-hours: 74.7
review: Really fun game if you like FPS or shooters. Super Realistic can be buggy though.
game-hours: 17.1
review: I love this game, has great MODS to it as well. You will need a good graphics card to play it.
game-hours: 1.7
review: spent two hours driving over the bleak orange looking landscape of a  of an island
game-hours: 264.3
review: ARMA 3 is not as complicated as people make it out to be. After throwing myself into over 50 hours of multiplayer CO-OP missions, let me tell you this game is way more fun that I ever thought it would be. Some missions involving infantry, tanks, aircraft, and artillery are staggering beautiful no matter if the server has 12 or 60 people on it. The only thing getting in the way of this game being perfect is the UI. A strange scroll wheel system to select weapons and execute user actions is something that is not only difficult to learn but doesn't work very well even once you do. Minding the small learning curve (mostly due to the UI as stated above), this game is absolutely fanatastic and you shouldn't be afraid of the realism presented- it just makes it all the more fun.
game-hours: 467.0
review: Campaign/gameplay is insanely realistic and can lead to utter addiction. I only recommend you buy this if you got nothing but hours and hours to spend in the online communities and mods playing until you can not see any more.
game-hours: 28.5
review: really good game
game-hours: 15.9
review: Get to tha choppa
game-hours: 46.9
review: gg
game-hours: 103.5
review: Another step forward for the ARMA universe. The near-future setting is a put off to some, but I can get past it because it is very well done. ARMA II has had a long history and took time to reach the level it is at today, but I think ARMA III has more momentum and you can see mods and missions being produced at an impressive rate. Vanilla ARMA is fun in its own right, but it is with realism mods that the game really shines. The A-10C, F-16, and Su-35 mods are impressive and there is even a new release of a realism mod (the name escapes me) for ARMA III as the spiritual successor to the ubiquitous ACE mod for ARMA II. Definitely recommend this at any price.
game-hours: 73.2
review: Fun as nobs. Buy it
game-hours: 49.6
review: great game!
game-hours: 232.9
review: Awesome Game. Love it. cant wait for more updates to come and this is way better than any other game
game-hours: 133.5
review: thumbs up
game-hours: 96.6
review: Definitely a step up from ArmA 2
game-hours: 7.3
review: I honked a horn at my enemy and he honked back in team deathmatch. 11/10 would play
game-hours: 71.7
review: A very good game enjoy playing king of the hill which is a really good multiplayer mode also like the wasteland mod. If you are bored of the same old shooter like COD and BF then get this but there is a very big learning curve for new players but if you wait it out and keep at it the game gets loads better. Also the moddng community is massive for this game and if you get bored there loads of new mods to choose from 9/10 would be 10 but im still not good enough and sometimes the AI getts annoying because they are good and i get killed a lot but to be fair thats my fault.
game-hours: 186.7
review: Awsome Game
game-hours: 206.7
review: This game is amazing. With Altis Life, Wasteland, and Breaking Point this game is worth way more than $60
game-hours: 111.3
review: wow
game-hours: 3.0
review: It's just a terrible Battlefield where you get lost because the map is so fukking huge. Gun mechanics are cool, but who cares if you never use it? I spent five hours running around up and down hills before shooting one dude. He was AFK. Just go play Counter-Strike. 4/10
game-hours: 111.2
review: This game is fun, plenty of mods to play, to get the most out of it work as a team, that's what this game was made for!
game-hours: 671.0
review: Best Military Simulation video games available. Totally worth the money and time. Chosen as 2013 Best Simulation game by PC Gamer.
game-hours: 775.7
review: Plus besoin de vacances grce  ArmA 3 dont l'action se droule sur les les grecques de la mer ge !
game-hours: 401.1
review: This is not your typical fps, If you played the earlier Rainbow six titles, SWAT series, Operation Flashpoint or other simulation based tactical shooters, this is the game for you.
game-hours: 4.4
review: Arma 2 is better. For a "mili-sim" you never loose magazines when you reload a from a mag thats not completely empty.
game-hours: 129.0
review: Sowohl die Leistungen auf spielerischer Ebene, als auch die auf der grafischen Ebene sind top. Das Spiel ist besonders mit dem Spielmodus "Altis Life" bei mir bekannt geworden. Ich wrde mich jedoch freuen, wenn es weniger Lagspikes gbe. Das Spiel luft mit rund 40-50 fps, sinkt jedoch unvorgewarnt bis zu 16 fps heraub.
game-hours: 9.2
review: I first started with Operaiton Flashpoint which was basically seed of Arma, I then got Arma2. Now I have Arma3. Now much has changed, but better graphics. PRO's -Nice Graphics, -Great Freedom -Military Simulator. -Good Story -Great Fire Fights (in city area and town area's) Cons -Ai seems to be diffcult, seem to know where you are really quickly. I found it diffcult in fire fights in forests because the grass and if you stand up you get shot. -Objects such rocks collision box seems always get in the way. -Game Mechancie's don't seem to work like other first person shooters (Takes a while to get used to) -Extremely simulated to point you have two types of walks and run's which can get confusing. Conculsion, it's a really indepth game, great exploration and different type of senarios. I think the development team should consider re working the Ai and create an option for a more simplifed control system, maybe even enabling the option to disable injury simulation. I think this cause's many frustration to people playing the game.
game-hours: 2.9
review: I don't recommend buying this game if you're looking for something fun to play like Battlefield or any of the other iconic battlefield FPS games. Simulation cannot be emphasized enough. This is a simulation. Controls seem clumsy and unintuitive, and there is far too much minutia to the game to make it fun for me. I am still planning to try to play more -- I bought the game, so I may as well try to play it even if I wish I could get my money back. Additionally, battlefields are MASSIVE, which can make the game very boring when you're playing multi-player. You'll drive forever to get somewhere. When you die, you die. I get they are going after a simulation and not a Battlefield 2-type experience, but it's just not fun because of it. I don't want to spend half my actual day driving around a map looking for a real player. Now that I have told you all the reasons you should reconsider purchasing this, I can at least tell you a little of what they seemed to have done well. The graphics on this are very good. I am able to crank them all the way up on my system and they look really amazing considering the scale of the game. Many maps are massive. This can be a good thing, but it can also be a bad thing. In any case, it probably took a long time to texture maps that large and so they have my respect for doing it. So, buy this if you're looking for a SIMULATION and you want a SIMULATION with all of it's minutia and are willing to put up with the amount of time you will need to invest in this to play.
game-hours: 165.9
review: amazing
game-hours: 45.1
review: Very good anyone who enjoys Arma 2 or one or any FPS strategy MMO's should get this
game-hours: 80.1
review: I think the AI are hackers with aimbots 10/10
game-hours: 160.9
review: please rudse the price of arma 3 to 24 again so i can buy it for all my mates arma 3 is so fun to play when you have got some friends on the game to its just greate i think everyone should buy it when it goes down price of coruse :D
game-hours: 881.5
review: A great game... If you mod it. The base game is fine in multiplayer but lacks an immersive story. With some of the mods however it is as if having multiple games.
game-hours: 18.1
review: I fell off a building and my character was still standing so I thought he was okay but then he ragdolled into the ground. 10/10 2 hardcore for me
game-hours: 181.7
review: sacray
game-hours: 1545.1
review: Me gusta
game-hours: 79.3
review: The game is good 10/10
game-hours: 229.1
review: Awesome fun if you have friends to play with and you are able to run it smoothly.
game-hours: 160.9
review: In all honesty, this game is worse than Arma 2 in the "simulator" area. It just doesn't have the same feel as previous games nor the community. The down fall of the series had to be the creation of many community game types created to cater to the causual gamer community, and now Arma 3 feels more like any old FPS game since Bohemia Interactive has not been creating the game with their hardcore fans in mind. There are many instances of copy and pasts from previous games and there were many corners cut and promised features left out to get the game out quicker. This is why I will continue to play Arma 2 and not this lousy game. I find it hard to call Arma 3 a part of the Arma/Armed Assault series.
game-hours: 142.3
review: I have now played this game for over 30 hours and I do recommend it if you are fine with getting disconnected and losing all the items on you. If you dont mind that or find a server without BattlEye required it is a good game, all in all its worth buying
game-hours: 123.4
review: Amazing , Perfect Game , Also a Great Investment .
game-hours: 12.1
review: game looks good but plays like  can never hit target non stop 1 hits on me from AI even when in cover peek out of cover and all i do is shot the tree even when it is not in my sight buggy or non stop bad luck have no idea did not try online only did 4 parts of the solo story played more like a walking sim i am ok with longer walks to get to enemys to fight but when u get killed by lame  then have to walk again for 3 mins getts old very fast
game-hours: 197.7
review: This is one of the best military simulations I have ever played. The campaign is not bad, but you can download "scenario" missions which are user created missions. They're incredibly easy to down load; you simply browse for a new scenario, subscribe to it, and you can play. It's also easy to remove if you've completed it. This game has a huge replay value and you'll never get bored. Great job Arma 3 devs!
game-hours: 198.8
review: Enslaved a man named Hector and made him pick cocaine for me - 10/10.
game-hours: 3.9
review: great game!
game-hours: 171.2
review: I love the game. 7/10. But there is one thing you have to understand: Multiplayer isnt like Dayz or anything like that. You have to complete a mission. Like co-op. I bought the game thinking it was like a war version of dayz. The campain is amazing. Buy the game if you pick up on things easy. You kind of have to play the game for a while to understand alot of things.
game-hours: 4.3
review: game. 43 minutes staying in lobby, everytime i start to join up on a server it loads and then crashes... Problemsignatur: Navn p problemhndelse: APPCRASH Programnavn: arma3.exe Programversion: 1.22.125.469 Tidsstempel for program: 53ac2896 Fejlmodulnavn: arma3.exe Fejlmodulversion: 1.22.125.469 Tidsstempel for fejlmodul: 53ac2896 Undtagelseskode: c0000005 Undtagelsesforskydning: 00021e8e OS-version: 6.3.9600.2.0.0.256.48 Landestandard-id: 1030 Flere oplysninger 1: eb78 Flere oplysninger 2: eb78854ddd686da351b001f625e05eba Flere oplysninger 3: cc1f Flere oplysninger 4: cc1f1b7ed13f9296fd005cb5fb2f8fd6
game-hours: 581.9
review: This game is the best. It is a must have, if you like mods then you must mod it.
game-hours: 31.0
review: Amazing game, Amazing graphics, some glitches. 9.3/10
game-hours: 667.6
review: This was my first experience with Arma. I was initially overwhelmed by all the possibilities in this game. But thanks to the awesome community (Armaholic), my time spent with this game has been extraordinary (most of my time was spent in the editor). Highly recommended. Currently in the 2nd part of the campaign, and enjoying the work and updates provided by Bohemia. Keep it up awesome dev team and Arma community.
game-hours: 311.9
review: Absolutely love this game! So much fun to play with friends!
game-hours: 6.3
review: a great game, and great break away from the AA mainstream games like cod and battlefield
game-hours: 42.4
review: Addictive!
game-hours: 107.7
review: best game i really like it it looks really nice
game-hours: 37.7
review: CTI and RPG gamemodes defo worth but only buy if its on sale peace love money
game-hours: 52.6
review: Awesome game janky as  but real good fun especially altis life and king of the hill ,if you want a shooter more serious than cod or bf which takes actual skill this is the one for you.
game-hours: 84.1
review: Actually I recommended ArmA III before, but that was just the Alpha. Since the game was officially released a couple of weeks ago, I'd like to recommend the "grown-up" game separately. I don't know whether I would have bought the game if it costed 45 when the Alpha was released, I can only comment on what I got for 25. The ArmA-Series definitely is the most popular franchise on the market of combat simulations and the most recent part - III - shows once again why. ArmA III comes with a fully voice acted story, which is released in bits, the first episode which contains nearly ten missions has just been released. More Episodes and different campaigns are yet to come. Due to the immersive armory which contains everything a soldier's heart desires; from various fire arms (Pistols, SMGs, Assault Rifles, Sniper Rifles and several HE weapons such as Rocket Launchers and even and underwater rifle - yes there is UNDERWATER COMBAT :D) over explosive charges, stationary mortars and LMGs to incredibely many types of vehicles such as HELOs, jets, armored vehicles, quads, autonomous drones of various purpose (Quadcopter for recon, "Greyhound"-Drones (a.k.a. "Reaper"-Drone) for bombardment and assaults or some kind of a tiny armored vehicle). Despite this great variation in warfare the gameplay still is realisticly (Attention, CoD Players: This game features REAL recoil :p) and feels authentic. All in all I guess one has to like simulations to get something out of this game... This leaves you to decide but I can still tell you two more things: 1. This game also includes Steam Workshop so that there will soon appear mods to make your experience even more authentic 2. The game-intern editor invites to try out your programming skills for missions and to test weaponry. You will also find user-created missions on the Workshop And now last but not least my opinion: I bought this game when it was in the Alpha and I must say that what I got for my 24 something is quite marvellous, I do not consider myself as a "fan" of simulations but I played ArmA 2 and Operation Flashpoint and I kind of like games like them (ArmA is way better than OF; btw). If you are interested but not sure about thwe prize you can check out the Demo of ArmA II on Steam (I'm not sure if ArmA 3 has one, as well. Otherwise check the Demo of ArmA III of course)
game-hours: 148.7
review: I know that Bohemia always says that what describes Arma is not simulation, but they are the company that has always been ahead of others in terms of simulation. Arma is not just a game, it's a totally different experience from the others and that worth a lot. I totally recommend this experience to everybody.
game-hours: 41.0
review: Excellent game, realistic combat simulation, fun with friends. Many times you will spend 20 minutes setting up the perfect mission conditions, gear setup, and vehicle convoy... then you friend comes in balls-deep with a helicopter ruining it. I am that friend.
game-hours: 0.8
review: Trying to "play for free". -Not working.
game-hours: 317.4
review: Good game that will only get better!
game-hours: 39.2
review: Amazing game, you'll have tons of fun on it whether you play with a friend or lonewolf it.
game-hours: 21.5
review: booty
game-hours: 185.5
review: Played Altis Life RPG for eight hours straight. Made my first million. Bought a chopper, and fully geared myself up. Died in a fiery crash when the cops told me I couldn't land in a meth lab. Lost all my money and had to start from square one. 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 29.0
review: DUTH.
game-hours: 91.4
review: Great game! Some of the best realistic gunplay and combat. The base game is good, but its the multiplayer that shines. Things like Altis Life and Battle Royale will have you hooked.
game-hours: 1152.5
review: Great game. As one of my most played games I own this game never has gotten old for me. There are gamemodes for everyone if you like roleplay there is altis life or if you like PVP there is wasteland. Literally this game can never get old for me this was well worth my purchase.
game-hours: 879.7
review: The next generation Military Simulator (or how Bohemia call it: Sandbox Game). I love the details and features like weapons attachments and the new clothing system. Also the new helicopter flight system is just brilliant. Although i never played Take On Helicopters before. Its just a awesome moment when flying a Littlebird with the new flight system and transporting troops. Can't wait for the helicopter DLC. Thanks for that masterpiece Bohemia Interactive!
game-hours: 72.6
review: Not bad.
game-hours: 274.8
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 554.7
review: Arma 3 is an amazing game and you should definatly get it. The campaign is good and some of the rp servers are very fun
game-hours: 56.0
review: As good as it get for Tactical Simulation. Hours of gameplay, so much fun!
game-hours: 21.7
review: Well at the moment i think this game is not for action game players or absolute novices. It is game about walking long distances (as you cant run as you always are tired and out of breath) just to shoot few bullets and get killed. As a military game i believe it is best what you can get - forget that stuff like Call of Duty or Battlefield. Personally - this game is not for me and every moment i get pissed off a lot in it. Recommend only for someone who is looking for very serious ang high quality games.
game-hours: 103.7
review: where taking a bullet in the head is more easy than learn the keyboard control.
game-hours: 280.9
review: AMAZING
game-hours: 88.7
review: Fun tactical game. DayZ has made it to it so makes it twice as fun. Play it for your opinion.
game-hours: 509.9
review: Nice Game. Great military-simulation. Plenty of community made mods.
game-hours: 552.5
review: After the 523 hr I have played arma 3 I have meet new friends I have joined and made groups and had some epic battles, Its an amazing game, every thing is at it best in Arma 3, the pyhisics, combat movments, wepons and many more! 10/10
game-hours: 493.9
review: The perfect way to play Arma 3: 1: Get 2 UGVs and a buddy. 2: Tell your buddy to get into the first UGV while you get into the second. 3: Control the UGV that your buddy was in while you have him control yours. 4: drive around like idiots
game-hours: 2.0
review: Very good game, extremly good graphic, sound, everything! Some little bugs but nah, they will be solved I think, I recommand!
game-hours: 22.4
review: Definately worth the 34.99 spent! There is so much to do on this game with amazing graphics, and smooth gameplay experience.
game-hours: 143.2
review: one the best games ever, years of selfmaking content :)
game-hours: 96.4
review: IF YOU VE BEEN IN OUTER SPACE AND I DONT MEAN WITH SIGORNEY WEAVER ,YOUL HAVE MISSED OUT ON THIS WATS SET TO BECOME A CULT CLASSIC A.N.B.A.I .WERE TO START THIS IS NOT FOR THE FAINT OF HEART I ASSURE YOU,FROM TAKISTAN LIFE TO MOTOR BIKES IN THE SNOW ,TO DRIVING YR OWN HELI AND TANKS I CUD GO ON 4EVA,YES SIR E BOB ARMA 3 ACTULY ARMA 2 AS WELL BUT 3 IS THE BOMB AND IF YOU HAVENT ALREADY GOT A COPY WELL DO SOME  AROUND THE HOUSE TO HELP MOM AN DAD ,WITHOUT ASKING CAN I DO SOME THING JUST DO. BUT YEAH THE GAME ITS OK ....................GET OUT AND MAKE THE MONEY U DERSERVE IT GO NOW
game-hours: 1065.3
review: Best War sim
game-hours: 777.4
review: Great game with great potentional with the modding community. Arma 3 engine in itself is an amazing engine with plenty of scripting opportunities for new developers and experienced ones. Without the modding community I don't think this game would be as popular as it is, but with the modding community it's amazing what they bring to the table in this open world military simulator. Between Altis life (best described as Grand Theft Auto where humans play every role), to Wasteland, and even Ahoyworld's co-op capture gameplay, this game has definitive replayability. I really love the DayZ Epoch mod, and Breaking Point mod as they both bring their own taste of the post-apocalyptic mayhem to the Arma 3 community. Now I can't wait for the helicopter DLC and the markman DLC coming soon. Realism in flying helicopters and additional mid to long range weapons will just be icing on the cake for this series, and the cake isn't a lie with this one.
game-hours: 262.1
review: this game is an awesome simulator game 100/10
game-hours: 696.2
review: Good game
game-hours: 171.1
review: yes
game-hours: 866.6
review: Game is good, only problem is desync drop frame in multiplayer kinda  but game is 9/10 recomend to everyone !
game-hours: 300.2
review: hopped in a rhib and went to the airfield during the night, took a fuel truck from enemys then went and took a tank and blew up a new spawn in a sports car 10/10 this game is only really good if you have friends, AND willing to download mods, AND be able to put up with home made servers, AND spawn kill in wasteland, AND jets in wasteland etc
game-hours: 60.7
review: If you want to play a FPS/TPS game that will test your wits, this would be the game for you.
game-hours: 70.9
review: 10/10
game-hours: 67.8
review: MODS.
game-hours: 1885.5
review: Really fun!
game-hours: 120.1
review: Very realistic and even my old PC from 2006 can run this! :) 10/10
game-hours: 18.3
review: AFTER UPDATE NEW COMMAND CODE MAKE GAME REALLY GOOD FOR ME !!!!
game-hours: 123.3
review: Buy this game.
game-hours: 199.4
review: A nice simulator. Unlike other games that try to give a "Warfare" experience but instead give you a stupid CQC stage, in this game, it is "Do or Die", you must team up, but you can give it a try to being solo, of course, it will NOT be like Call of Duty or Medal of Honor, it will be... an unique close-to-real warfare experience. The game has few guns, but they are unique and can make a difference. The variants are extended, making it a huge library of choices you can have. The bullets have an unique rendering, and you can have tracers (Red, Green.), which can be seen and can help to tell a nearby teammate where the enemy is. The vehicles are decent, most are sluggish and it does not really give you a civillian feeling, but it gives out most of the Military feeling. Many servers to play in, with different modes: Altis Life, Co-op, Zeus and so on. You can find a game mode you want, and with the huge quantity of modifications existing around Steam and the internet, you will certainly never stop playing, unless tactics or marksmanship isn't your thing. 9.5/10
game-hours: 20.0
review: The ARMA3 is a massive military sandbox games that it has very true surrounding and experience.You can play a large number of MODS that it build by players.I think it is very amazing.I played the wastland and the Alits life MOD.I felt that there is a real world i within it. if you are a military affairs fans,you should buy this game even it will cost 59.9 dollars.If you aren't ,don't buy this one believe me the ARMA3 is a terrible game and wast your 59.9 bucks.
game-hours: 43.5
review: Great game, great mods. I still feel like it needs work, but it's still tons of fun!
game-hours: 31.3
review: The best thing about the game is the AI, it's absolutely magnificent, I've never seen so many guys have an orgy on one wall 10/10
game-hours: 1.6
review: Difficult to get the hang of, it drops you right into the thick of things. Looks like it would be incredibly fun if I could take the time to learn it.
game-hours: 174.8
review: FRICKIN AMAZING
game-hours: 1.1
review: It's pretty based I'm not gonna lie.
game-hours: 215.0
review: This game is amazing. I recommend this to anyone who likes Realism Military Simulations and enjoys actual simulation events.
game-hours: 193.1
review: Mods make this game great
game-hours: 217.0
review: Good game but seems to crash a lot! i have a high spec laptop and computer, the issue seems to be mainly with Multiplayer :(
game-hours: 130.8
review: This game isn't for everyone. Repeat: This game isn't for EVERYONE. In a world where we are plagued by Arcade-style 'Military Shooters', Arma 3 sets out to bring the word 'Simulator' back into the muck of current- and next-gen Military Games. This is not Call of Duty, this is not Battlefield, this is a true to life SIM! Long-range engagements, long walks/drives/flights to other mission locations, and dangerous consequences if you get hit. Oh no, the Call of Duty player was shot, and all he has to do is wipe Raspberry Jam from his visor and his wounds are miraculously healed. In Arma 3? You get shot, you feel it. You move slower, your vision blurs, and no, it won't just 'go away with time'. You better get a combat medic to patch you up... Vehicles run out of fuel, weapons run out of ammo, and the enemy is already out of patience... what will YOU do on Stratis and Altis? This is Arma 3. The next great Military SIMULATOR.
game-hours: 7.0
review: You're either going to tear your hair out, or be hooked in the first half hour.
game-hours: 798.9
review: Anything from traditional military gameplay like capture the objective and king of the hill to open world PvP modes like Wasteland and Breaking point to Role Playing Games like Altis Life. I doubt you will get bored of this fantastic game.
game-hours: 60.1
review: CoD/BF4 fans need not apply....
game-hours: 186.6
review: Best combat/War game on the market! 10/10
game-hours: 15.9
review: is awesome!
game-hours: 13.7
review: The definitive military sim. It does not get any better that this. Great graphics, astounding design and a large sense of scale allows for countless hours of enetertainment. the high customization does not hurt it either.
game-hours: 83.6
review: fun game but i only get a max fps of 50 and under when playing this online..... 3 stars
game-hours: 350.9
review: It's inn' Good.
game-hours: 8.4
review: Seemed pretty fun, but I think it would be much better if it was actually optimised and able to get more than 25 frames. Its way to arcadey, and took Arma 2's barebone flight mechanics and somehow made it worse. Barely anyone online (probably playing their $30 mod) too. Playing this game makes me want to be a ing terrorist, so I could do the world a favor and kill the team at BI who made this. 9.999999999/10 its alright
game-hours: 1903.8
review: Best mistake i,ll every maid !!! To buy one of the many peace,s of greatness of the game,s
game-hours: 624.7
review: Amazing Game Love It, Can Be Rage Inducing at times, but in the end its all for good times, and good memories. 10/10
game-hours: 25.3
review: Pretty dissapointed. To me, it doesn't live up to ARMA or ARMA 2. The campaign so far hasn't done anything for me, very repetitive, not much variety & i don't understand why there's been a month between each part of it. I'd rather much go back to A/A2 campaigns and replay them. I feel they've been lazy in the lack of content for the single player side of things, not introducing any single player missions themselves like in Arma or A2 & relying purely on the community for that aspect. For me, as much as i like playing online (through 2 very barren wastelands) i do like a good campaign to work through first and single player missions. I'd much rather play through the Operation Flashpoint franchise (bar Red River & Dragon Rising because they were terrible.) as in my point of view for a war simulator they are still very much un-beatable
game-hours: 172.4
review: This game is a great improvement on arma 2. First off the graphics on this game are amazing there are so many stunning sites to see as you battle across the islands of alits and stratis. Secondly the voice acting has been greatly improved and it no longer feels like you are in command of robots on top of that squad command and high command has been improved making it easier to control large numbers of AI. The downside to this game over arma 2 is there is currently only one jet and there are no large helicopters for mass troop transport and the campaign is not coop which was a disappointment.
game-hours: 7.4
review: You can shoot fish- 10/10
game-hours: 229.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 228.6
review: What's better than opening a door and instantly dying? 10/10
game-hours: 443.3
review: Severly clunky animations, appallingly bad gunplay and still buggy months after release, will never buy another game from this company that expects the modding community to produce content for them. It makes me sick that I actually spent money on this utter trash. So poorly optomized it runs under 60fps on a fairly high end system that runs bf4 on ultra at over 80fps.
game-hours: 2457.2
review: I uh, I miss sunlight and civilization. 10/10, would recommend.
game-hours: 1.3
review: Walk-Simulator...but if you have a couple of friends for coop it is fun I loved the old operation flashpoints games. you could save when you want, now with arma iii you can't, that makes replaying missions SO ANNYOING, walking everytime like 5 minutes, again and again... Also the peformence is terrible, you have to make the game very ugly to play it fluent on modern systems. Please go back to your roots developer! About the Multiplayer i can't say much, people banning you for no reason, but i like the coop if you find nice peoeple. On the good side, the controls improved very much, but i don't get the point of people saying it is a simulation if you can't even release your bipod...even in the arcade game battlefield 3/4 you can release your bipod... Also the enemies can see through plants/threes and on. On sale you can have fun with it, but i would not buy this for a full price.
game-hours: 1.8
review: its like Arma II But better looking. And Nicer looking. And overall better
game-hours: 136.7
review: love it
game-hours: 3.9
review: Made me quit my Job 10/10!
game-hours: 167.4
review: The amount of things to do in this game is quite literally endless. This game is as large as your imagination allows it to be. I've been a sniper, perched high up on a mountain face, eying my target from more than a mile out as a inch my way closer and closer, setting myself up for the perfect shot. I've been a helicopter pilot, sent in to eliminate a large group of tanks. I've commanded troups, small platoons and entire companies. Sending them and myself into heinously war torn streets to rescue a few comrades. When I lose a teammate on a mission, it makes me distraught. There is something about keeping my men alive that makes me very proud. I've had moments where I've told my entire team to go "stealth" and to "hit he dirt" in a forest's edge so as not to be seen by a line of enemy tanks. My favorite things to do is probably lay down ordinance on the enemy like you wouldn't believe. I drop cluster bombs, AT cluster shells, laser-guided missiles. There is nothing quite as thrilling as destroying an entire batallion by simply pressing a few buttons. Simply put, this game is incredible, and incredibly unique. You won't find another experience quite like it. I purchased this game when it was in alpha, and at the time, there wasn't a whole lot to do, other than use the mission editor. Now though, not only is there an incredibly immersive and entertaining campaign, there is also a nearly endless amount of user-created workshop content. Many of the user-created missions are very detailed, with voice acting that at times rivals the Bohemia campaign. Simply put: If you are fascinated with military and military technology, this might be the best game you've ever played in your life.
game-hours: 317.2
review: Amazing Game, VERY recommended!
game-hours: 221.1
review: A great mil-sim, although it's poorly optimized, which is the biggest problem with the game. Even with a gtx 780 and a 4770k, I can still only manage 25 FPS in cities.
game-hours: 56.1
review: 10.0 Pros: -An insane amount of high quality, super fun, multiplayer mods -Simulation style in all aspects -Pretty graphics -Super customizable from head to toe -Once you grasp it, it's ing awesome -Breaking Point (mod) -Altis Life RPG (mod) Cons: -LOTS of controls to work with -Not your average shooter; steep learning curve
game-hours: 3.2
review: Good game 1010 gdsg
game-hours: 168.6
review: This game is amazing. I tell all my friends about and they ask what kind of game it is and I tell them, a combat simulator. You don't go in to this game with a mini gun and kill everyone with one shot. The damage is realistic. If you shoot someone with a pistol to the head they WILL die. I was playing on a Role Playing server trying to cause a ruckas and I shot someone to the upper chest area with an assault rifle and they died. This is the game to play! Massive maps. Role playing, team death match modes, capture the hill modes, coop missions, seperate zombie mods (Breaking Point). This game should be a pc gamers bible. Always on their side and preach it to others.
game-hours: 1319.8
review: By far one of the best military simulation games around tones of fun and with the right people almost any operation can be created with full Radio communication from user made content from weapons, radios, aircraft and much more, I would recommend arma 3 to any one military or not, find a clan and join their ranks, play with your friends in a huge amount of multiplayer servers hosted by its fans or go solo and explore the wide word of arma in its single player campaign. A great game for level creators, mod makers and content creators with its built in game editor to make your own operation or to just have some fun with friends with MCC sandbox mission generator.
game-hours: 130.4
review: The NATO forces had us pushed back to our final two bases, I was stationed at the northern camp. Our forces were beaten back hard, and we were scattered. I battled fatigue up the hill to get a vantage point looking down across the east from the beach to the mainland, I adopted the prone position and set up my LMG and scoped the area. Thats when I saw it, a brown figure darting accross the fields below, performing evasive maneuvers the likes I had never seen. It was an intense 5 minutes, leading the target and squeezing the trigger to deliver a burst of rounds at my foe. Finally my enemy took refuge (Or so he thought) on a ridge nestled between two trees. I aimed precisely, meaning for this to end and took my final shots. I observed for several minutes when I decided to go and get a certain status on my enemy. As I walked up to the ridge I could not see my enemy in sight, so I looked around some more. It must have been 30 seconds until I looked down and saw his little B***** whiskers and his **** floppy a*** ears and noticed my god damned foe was a mother f******* bunny rabbit. 10.01/10 will definitely buy
game-hours: 321.3
review: awesome game. great amount of mods and mission types
game-hours: 35.5
review: ArmA:3 is a great experience with high quality graphics and realism. It even manages to run more efficiently then its predecesor, ArmA:2.
game-hours: 0.5
review: Was good until my plane got stuck on a pile of plane .
game-hours: 851.5
review: Good game, very differnt from arma 2 i do recommend playing with the settings for a good 15 minutes and you can get the game looking very sharp and not bloomy, highly recommend this game there is a gamemode for everyone online
game-hours: 35.4
review: Very fun game once you get used to it. It is not like your usual FPS where you can just run around really quick killing everybody. This is why I like this game. The maps are huge, which is a huge plus. No cramped, close quarter battles. And if your team is losing, vehicles! My favorite servers in Arma 3 have to be the King of the Hill servers. GG!
game-hours: 54.8
review: So far I like the game, I am not a CoD fan but own many of there games, because imho CoD was the best Fps out till Battlefield bad company 2 came out, then BF3 and now BF4 which are by far my favorite Fps games. But Arma series has allways had my attn. because of its Mods and add ons! It truly looks as if they put allot of work into ARMA3 as it looks great and runs very smooth on even a cheap gaming rig where as the older games were a bit hard to run even on good hardware! I do think anyone that likes Fps'ers and willing to put in more than just run and gun should get this newest release, but keep in mind this is more like a simulation game than any other Fps out there so most won't like it off the batt! I am running it on a older AMD CPU Phenom II 970BE quad core overclocked a bit and a GTX 680 Classified and with some playing around got avg. FPS to about 30 which is great in the Arma series. I really love the story line so far and can't wait to see how far they take this game!
game-hours: 44.7
review: Space-Iran sends an army of arid buzz lightyears to invade greece
game-hours: 3.6
review: good game so far
game-hours: 86.8
review: Directing this too people that are coming from Arma 2. This game is a complete upgrade from Arma 2 overall. Graphics are better, Inventory system is easier to manage, and how the game runs is better. Frame rate is better and more computer friendly for people that don't have super gaming computers. AI are harder and the campaign is relatively enjoyable. Multiplayer is fun with wasteland and altis life. Wide variety of vehicles and they added new play style such as scuba diving. 9/10 -BigH
game-hours: 340.7
review: This might be the coolest game I've ever seen. The possabilities are endless with the mission editor.
game-hours: 20.9
review: Arma is a difficult game to review. As an out-of-the-box experience, it's MAYBE 2.5 out of 5. The game was risking being delayed so they launched it without the campaign! They added it as multiple (free) DLC packs for the game. Features found in many games, are missing with this "sim". The buildings are dull, uninspired, and none-too-convincing. Really, the whole game feels half-, and they put "BETA" on it to try and band-aid it, but still charge you full price. Now, if you're still reading, here's why I say all that doesn't matter. Arma 2 had an amazing modding community (DAY-Z is an Arma 2 mod). People make all sorts of things from real weaponry and units to fictional spider-tanks and Macross jets. The Arma 3 community is just as dedicated. There are several new maps, many new models/skins, tons of weapons and vehicles, and a very friendly community to help you learn how to script and mod and make a truly unique experience. On average any given server will probably run 5 - 25 various mods that the client (player) will need in order to join. As such, a good launcher is needed to manage profiles for various servers. (The launchers still run the game through Steam, they just handle loading the mod files.) Again, the modding community has provided. The community is also mature (not just in age/action), as this is the third game. Resources are plentiful. Just make sure you have some drive space. Maps can range in 300 - 500mb+, and various model packs can range from 50 - 300mb+. Arma 3 is very much a case of getting out of it what you put in. It is better to think of it as a game engine to create your own personal military simulation than as a stand-alone game. As a development tool, it's 4.5 / 5. But as a game, it just falls flat.
game-hours: 480.0
review: Fantastic game, I reccomend it to everyone that loves realistic shooters. The multiplayer makes the game brilliant, the squad play is unreal!
game-hours: 3.1
review: i dont enjoy it but it may for you
game-hours: 597.6
review: This game is extremly good. I recomend it to anyone that like roleplaying games.
game-hours: 13.6
review: best military game ever
game-hours: 365.3
review: :)
game-hours: 29.1
review: ING BEST!
game-hours: 219.1
review: What more to say? Coming back to this from a few years away and it's great to see how its developed. Being a fan from Arma, Arma 2 and even VBS 2, you can't go wrong with checking this out. But there are conditions: you have to love the milsim side of life, you can do ANYTHING. You have to persevere also. You will die. Again and again... This game will suck you in. Big time....
game-hours: 42.0
review: If you're getting this because you enjoyed ARMA 2, then it's nothing like it. Better graphics, but I feel left down. 7.8 / 10
game-hours: 1735.4
review: To make this simple I'v spent twice the ammount of BF4 than Arma 3 and I'v spent much more time on Arma 3.
game-hours: 29.1
review: one of the best military games i have ever palyed
game-hours: 101.4
review: Great game... Buy it. No regret. Multiplayer server is crowded with enthusiast people...
game-hours: 301.6
review: ARMA 3, and absolute major achivement by Bohemia Interactive! I am glad to say that this game has been my favourite game for quite some time and i strongly advise you to purchase this product if you have't already. Buying the digital deluxe edition of this game gave me all the arma 3 game music which i thought was pretty cool considering the music is high def.
game-hours: 120.1
review: This a a great game for some one who likes combat games, but wants a realistic system. I fully injoy playing this game. I think that it has somthing that everyone likes. people can make their own mission host their own games and even modify the game if they want to. If you like simulators like minecraft and also like First Person Shooters I recommend that you get this game.
game-hours: 513.0
review: Great game, I won't say this is the best game but the best thing of the game is modification. Even though the sound is bad, not that much vehicles and the functions is not enough, still you could use mods like JSRS, vehicles addons and scripts to increase your gaming experience. Single-player gameplay isn't the best but multiplayer is the main point of the game. Play around with friends or even build your own clan, it has great features to enrich the multiplayer game experience. Every game has great points but also bad points, it does on ARMA 3 too. For much modifications and these beautiful graphic, 32bits game engine is clearly not enough. It's sad that even you have a well built computer, it still have a  fps and much lags. Biohemia has said that 64bit game engine will be avilable someday later, hope it does happen before ARMA 4 release. Game Rate: 7/10 (Minecraft: 9.5/10)
game-hours: 620.8
review: This is by far the best type of game I have seen. a good tutorial, a game mode to hone your skills on shooting and driving, a good story line if you wanna play 1player mode , an expansive multiplayer community, and the ability to design your own missions and Stories.
game-hours: 6.0
review: Im really enjoying Arma 3, I suggest and recommend highly!
game-hours: 3.1
review: yus
game-hours: 507.7
review: It's a game you would most probally hate initally but if you put your time into exploring things such as the editor or try out some of the amazing mods you will grow to love this series.
game-hours: 1081.9
review: Arma 3 is one of my all time favourite games. The open world, The vehicles, The weapons. You can do almost anything in this game, And it is very visualy pleasing too.
game-hours: 1.6
review: Good game init kid
game-hours: 175.6
review: BIG and BIG. Its so freaking funny
game-hours: 36.5
review: Loved it! its a nice, opened world, and great graphic game. Bohemia has yet again, blew my mind. When ARMA 2 came, i didnt like it due to lack of graphics and its complaintcy with the "loot" system, but they have helped it with ARMA 3. I cant wait till the people who made DayZ start an ARMA 3 version of it :3. For anyone who wants to play it, its fun with friends, and by yourself, so have a whack at it and see what happens xD.
game-hours: 48.7
review: Really fun I don't much care for the corrupt cops on Altis Life Or the people using mortars in wasteland Or the idiots who play domination But it's a fun game anyway But it sucks I bought it the day before it went on sale...
game-hours: 211.0
review: GReat Game. Keep up the good Work.Strong Community
game-hours: 526.4
review: Nice game.
game-hours: 43.8
review: As always the mod comunity makes ARMA III far more fun than the guys at Bohemia . Altis life Dayz breaking point Wasteland to name a few mods worth looking at .
game-hours: 62.2
review: Worst game i ever bought! My Little Pony is even better!
game-hours: 336.6
review: It Is a combat simulator. Just be aware of that. It is not a Battlefield 4 type game. Steep learning curve for sure. Tough to master but if you do boy it's a great simulator.
game-hours: 152.3
review: So much do i recommend this game. the gunfights are difficult and a few bullets are all it takes to kill. The whole game is gorgeous, just fantastic. i was worried the map would be bland considering it all looks brown but the campaign takes you to some of the the prettiest places in any game i've ever played.
game-hours: 47.5
review: havent played it for long it is a little laggy hope you fix that but overall good game
game-hours: 39.7
review: Really, really, reaaally heavy, overrall great, except for graphics on anything less than an R9 290.
game-hours: 50.1
review: I really got deep into this game and I could tell from the moment I began playing that this was Bohemia's baby. The amount of detail in both the environment and realism was evident and it took me by surprize. Arma 3 is a significant improvement over Arma 2 in every area from the beautiful visuals to the ballistics of the weaponry. I personally am a sucker for realistic shooters so this was right up my alley, the feeling of dropping an enemy from 500 meters with one bullet really gets me excited. I'd recommend this game to anyone that is a fan of Bohemia's past games and likes more of a realistic shooter rather than arcade like shooters similar to cod ghosts and football manager 2014. Get this game pronto as its really good actually just kidding everyone I couldn't run it at all I wish I was dead :(
game-hours: 115.1
review: Just pure awesome
game-hours: 499.2
review: Its like Arma 2 but better
game-hours: 2.8
review: This game is not in the least bit enjoyable. Graphics are really good, but everything from sound to gameplay is straightout of 1995. It's buggy, half of the features don't work correctly, and the community is absent. On a saturday afternoon there are maybe 2 full servers at best. I think this stems from terribly boring gameplay, you don't see another player for HOURS and the community is no help whatsoever. All they say is "herp derp go play call of duty if you want something enjoyable to play" save your money.
game-hours: 5.8
review: good graphics and great challenge
game-hours: 140.3
review: I Love this game
game-hours: 16.9
review: beast.... just the best shooter out there
game-hours: 25.9
review: Awesome game. Different playstyle. Find a good group to play with and it becomes stellar.
game-hours: 558.8
review: I purchased ARMA 3 only 10 minutes after being released on the Steam Store which was in it's Alpha Stages, The game was extremely buggy & lacked Vehicles / Weapons.. However the game developers Bohemia Interactive have completely turned people's opinions around now it's finished BETA stages & is fully released. I haven't played ARMA 3 in a long time as I'm completely attached to Counter Strike Global Offensive, However you can just tell I know what I'm talking about when I say it's an extremely fun game beat's ARMA 2 / OA by far. DayZ is a big no when it comes to ARMA 3. - As a Badge collector I feel they should change the timing of drops as that is something the game lacks big time.. It's extremely difficult to get even 1 drop in the game. - with this all being said ARMA 3 is a fantastic & fun game right now & I've just started downloading it again after my 600 hour gameplay.
game-hours: 74.9
review: they misspelled arms 3 but its fine
game-hours: 181.6
review: Like arma 2, but with  ragdolls and horrid hit detection.
game-hours: 1523.5
review: Arma 3 is a very intense and beautiful game. If you've ever played arma 1 or arma 2 you would know that it is a huge game, from its single player campaigns to multiplayer modes and the community with their custom missions, scripts and mods. This game offers the player a good fountadion to a war-sim game, especially if you're playing with people and even better with a clan. All u can say is if you like war games and into simulators you'll definatly like Arma!
game-hours: 236.4
review: One of the best shooters I have played, blows battlefield and CoD out of the water.
game-hours: 562.0
review: this is an awesome game, good grafic, big maps , great sound effects and very realistic game :-D
game-hours: 124.8
review: This game is not COD or battlefeild this game is much more then your normal fps it may not have some of the effect that BF4 has with buildings but this is a sirous game if your looking for tons and i mean tons of player abilityies leaning bending 4 different types of stans learning to fly and use different vehicles from start to finish this game takes you through it all can say is PLAY IT
game-hours: 90.5
review: Best Bloody Combat Simulater ever. ;3
game-hours: 37.3
review: The closest thing to a military simulator that I have found... and I've been in an actual government military simulator VR training ground before. Also has one of the coolest communities I've ever met with lots of modding support. Def. worth getting now at full price even if you missed out on early access and alpha.
game-hours: 105.0
review: Its awesome
game-hours: 19.9
review: Great Game, Need a quite powerfull computer to handle it, Overall one of the best games i have ever played
game-hours: 558.2
review: Arma 3 takes it a step further with then its predecessor with enhanced AI, gripping storyline and immersive campaign. The campaign is split into 3 parts, each released seperately. This keeps you on hold slightly but its worth the wait. Also the multiplayer with the use of MCC Sandbox is great fun.
game-hours: 227.5
review: googb
game-hours: 143.7
review: Excellent , hard but excellent , the best money Ive spent on a game since Carrier Command ( by the same people )
game-hours: 15.2
review: Not a fan of this game. I try to like it as much as I can, but the graphics and the sound are so off-putting that I usually just give up on it. Maybe this time around with some friends I will finally be able to get into the game and enjoy it.
game-hours: 7.0
review: Amazing game wish i had a better computer to play it on
game-hours: 0.6
review: slow,laggy,choppy not such a good game. you gotta have a good computer
game-hours: 2.3
review: pretty good minded my computer though
game-hours: 71.4
review: I only play this game cause of Lirik :)
game-hours: 397.2
review: Don't get this game if you don't plan on playing it with mods. Seriously. Don't do it. Vanilla a .
game-hours: 46.7
review: If I didnt have an eight year old computer this game would have been much better.
game-hours: 0.1
review: its says bad animation?
game-hours: 0.4
review: EPIC fail
game-hours: 0.2
review: I recomend this game to others, but i hope there will be more weekends where this will be for free or 50% off or more.
game-hours: 436.3
review: anyone know why altis life isnt working... it says im missing a file or something
game-hours: 192.1
review: This is the game I've been waiting for. Everything I loved about Arma 2 with hugely improved engine and animations and unlimited potential for unique missions and gameplay. I got Arma 2 for Dayz, but I got Arma 3 for Arma! Best. game. ever... :)
game-hours: 259.7
review: Highly suggest getting this game. I found it highly addictive, and love making new missions. Also if you dont have a decent PC dont bother, Arma 3 is best at its full quality and i couldn't stand playing it when my old computer couldn't handle it.
game-hours: 33.7
review: I love military games and this is a great one. This is good to get u to think mentaly and in every shape and form for exmaple u have to kill a guy so u and ur team go though this mission and u get hit and u r like should i heal. But other then that it gets hard and it makes u think. i love this game the story is great like i wont more of it every day i wake up its a great game. Ben Kerry is a great main soilder and i love playing as him and hes just great. I love this game. U will like this game if u like battlefeild and thinking thourg problems and getting the job done.
game-hours: 109.8
review: yis
game-hours: 349.0
review: Fantastic! It's immersive, its creative, its great!
game-hours: 171.8
review: Its a good game,Bohemia add more options to make the game not too hard to play,better then arma2,but the campaign doesnt work well,for example,at the last mission of Survival,the artillery seems like random,so,sometimes i killed by the artillery,i dont think the leader said "Keep Runing,so the Artillery cant hit you" is right lol :(,but its a really good game
game-hours: 20.9
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 695.7
review: Outstanding Tactical game if you want realism, multiple play styles and ENDLESS CUSTOMISATION!!!! A must have to learn to play!
game-hours: 46.9
review: Its a really nice game if you are into "realistic" shooters, but somethings i personally dont like is the maps are horrible if you can compare it to chernorous or takistan, and the map is one of the most important things in this game(mp). the last thing thats negative is when you play on 60+ servers, it tends to have an awefoul DSync problem and kills all the fun you could have in the game. otherwise this game is exstreamly good and the stuff i mention is going to fade away over time. sorry about my english typoes.
game-hours: 269.2
review: Awesome fun, get it, think of this as a good version of bf4... but bigger and more real, and it is absolutely amazing graphics quality wise and the gameplay is the same :D
game-hours: 45.9
review: You get to go all Army up on es
game-hours: 260.8
review: Arma is amazing!
game-hours: 640.4
review: I have a love/hate relationship with this game. The action menu needs to die, the people on the game need to shove a big black  in their mouth and choke on it and a lot of other  that I won't go into. OTHER then all THAT, this game looks spectacular, the most realistic game I have ever played. On my rig it looks absolutely ing beautiful, you need a beast of a computer to run this game and see its true potential. This is the closest thing to real life as far as gaming comes along. Also, I can't tell you how many hours I have into this game and I've only had it for about a month! Arma 3 is a MUST HAVE, get this game now, if you don't have this game you're missing out on HOURS of FUN!
game-hours: 626.9
review: Both a purchase and in many ways an investment. In spite of all of its issues (which are bound to come with a game of such a mind bogglingly immense scale, let alone one developed by an independent company) it is by far my favourite game of the moment and it looks certain to hold onto that position for a while, just like ArmA 2. I guarantee you will not find gameplay as unique and varied as what you will find in here, nor will you find a community so teeming with creativity and cooperation. If the missions you find on the marketplace aren't enough, a quick trip to ArmAholic and you can already pick up early mods that add weapons, units, vehicles, islands and even whole factions. That is once you get the excellent (and I really do mean it, it's great) and expertly crafted campaign episodes out of the way. Bohemia are releasing the final campaign episode in March, alongside a massive new unannounced multiplayer feature and the promise of continued support throughout the game's lifetime (Expect an expansion on the scale of Operation Arrowhead). The community also has the ACE mod which will undoubtedly turn ArmA into an even more brutally realistic game and 2017 looks like it could be the next Day Z, as if we weren't already still getting our heads around that. Just buy the game, srsly
game-hours: 828.1
review: Do not buy this game unless you have a military grade computer; it takes that much processing... If you can run it I envy you.
game-hours: 279.4
review: OMG () the Graphics!!!
game-hours: 177.4
review: Amazing game. Yeah sure, there are some bugs, but that is like any other game. Amazing MP and SP scenarios and Editors. I would highly recommend getting this!
game-hours: 393.1
review: Arma III is by far the best game there is (well until Arma IV comes out). It is also probably the most difficult game to play as well. This game is all about tactics and working as a team (something missing from most first person shooters). The game is not about hopping around and making a kill ever 2 seconds like Cod etc. The graphics look great and the maps are massive. A lot of games have a wall paper background this game is all 3D (even the clouds are modeled). That hill you see 3 miles away is a location you can travel to. This game does a great job of doing everything. Check out the King of the Hill rooms on Team Death Match for fun multiplayer action.
game-hours: 688.9
review: Best Warfare simulator EVER!
game-hours: 66.1
review: "Episode 2: Adapt" Just amazing
game-hours: 389.7
review: it is a fun games that provide new type of FPS experience, assuming if you are sick of rambo style of shooting game like COD and battlefield. Not saying, this game is better or worst then any other type of FPS game, but this is a hardcore shooting. Yes it might be hard to find a kill someone in this game(providing you are inexperience to this game), but it bring you closer to your teammate, since it require alot of team works and communication. Taking an example, in a normal FPS game, you will just face your enemy HEAD ON, but for this you will try to MOVE big circle and flank your enemy from behide, while your teammate put their life on to engage them to draw attention. It might sound simpler, but such active could easily least more than 10 mins, and require alot of stealth. None of your teammate will take such action before telling their teammate, because it could easily end up friendly fire. Every shoot and gun sound will shake your heart, because none of the player will to be dead. dead is a pain of  process, because your dont just go thougth like rewine the scencs of what happening for 10sc before you respawn(assuming there is a respawn setting in game, that you playing in arma3). you need to WALK/RUN/WAIT FOR TRASPORTATION again and it will take some time before you are back to action. As for the graphic i has no comment on it, because it look nice enough. Make sure you got a good PC to support this game. If you live in asia, i am sad to say there aren't not much server for you to play, others country server is like 200ping and above (i live in asia = =). I highly recommand to try out Arma 3.
game-hours: 13.2
review: Experience this game. Brutally realistic. Exceptionally immersive. Not for the average FPS player. Not for the faint of heart.
game-hours: 844.1
review: If your looking for a very demanding military shooter experience this is it. Great campain so far and the modding comunity is adding fantastic things to the game.
game-hours: 191.4
review: This game is beautiful O_O <33
game-hours: 813.1
review: This is war.
game-hours: 83.5
review: Its like real life, but with less frames.
game-hours: 646.3
review: Pretty sure this is one of the best games I have ever played. Let me tell a story: I was on a server and I was a medic on a medivac helicopter, and my pilot and I get a call asking for a medivac beacuse they lost 2/4 of there men, so we dust off and go to help them but half way there the remainding men got knocked down so what do me and my pilot do? We go through with the plan anyways, so while under heavy fire and are heli has no guns, we land and I drag all 4 bodies back to the helicopter and then we fly off I do first aid back at the base and patch them and then we fly them to there next objective to take down a enemy mortar squad who was giving our main force a beating. Just 1 of the many stories I have of ARMA 3
game-hours: 0.6
review: Build a good computer, buy this and get addicted! 9/10
game-hours: 17.8
review: Improved handling, realistic to a point, military shooter wows me in its gameplay! Also, strong and weak side urban prone.
game-hours: 202.1
review: Best Military Third/Fps game ever,,,, Ground breaking graphics makes war even real ,, tactics and planning every step you take is awesome ,,, Great war atmosphere ,, Unlike Cod/Battlefield You have to be aware in Every step you take Cuz You can be shot 400 miter away . Best Simulation Game Ever. XD
game-hours: 1069.6
review: I see negative reviews from people with 700+ hours on record and on average over 100 hours on record. On my other account I have over 1000+ hours myself. Great game, super open ended, so much to do. Editor, Scripting, Milsim, multiplayer rollplay servers, countless mods, missions... no limits. Recommended.
game-hours: 1208.9
review: WASTE OF MONEY! A.I. is the worst i have ever seen. Unoptimized graphics. 1/10 at best
game-hours: 153.7
review: Simple review in a few words this game is awesome....with the right mods!
game-hours: 31.2
review: Arma 3 is a hellacious ride to the underbelly of the America dream. To be able to play with warmachines that your daddies only wish they could handle- This is a showcase of the most badass fighting force in the world and how they handle getting their asses slammed all over the place- You can do everything your heart desires (As long as it means killing real people in a fake world)- Other than that, it is a top notch racing game- GOTTA GO FAST- GOTTA BE hARD- 10/10 for sci-fi majesty
game-hours: 54.3
review: ARMA 3 is all about being tactical. Planning your mission, undertaking your objectives and taking action to sudden events unfolding. It's not easy, but it's not ludicrously hard. You learn as you play, and you develop as you're on the field. Missions in the game are straight forward, but taking part in them is the most engaging. AI can be unpredictable, they will flank you, suppress you and even out-smart you. You got to always be aware of your surroundings, questioning yourself if you should be on a hill to take them from above, or you should be from below to suprise them. Not to mention, is the sun blinding your vision, is it too open to partake in a firefight? The game however lacks a full singleplayer campaign, but is slowly developing with Bohemia's episodic campaign releases. The vehicle selection, along with the inventory management provides a huge entertainment factor to the game, and you really feel the odds in the battle when a squadron of soldiers has to take on one single yet heavy armoured tank. Yet plan your equipment precisely, plan before you shoot! This game should not be taken as your ordinary first person shooter. It's tactical for a reason and is not a run and gun hybrid of the FPS genre. You pace and act to the situations around you, not for a score, but to complete a mission. As someone who has been a fan of the ARMA series from the very start (including the original Operation Flashpoint), its predecessors mechanics are still present even in this game, the most latest of the series. Which in hindsight, is great for anyone starting the ARMA series from this point. Despite the beautiful graphics this game beholds, you will need to make sure you have a good hefty computer to get the most out of the graphics. Even on a 770GTX this game can get up to 30/40/50 (ranging) on Ultra without vsync. Be prepared to tweak your settings for the first 30 minutes of the game, and also the framerate drops during some missions. The game also contains a buggy nature, the AI can (despite being praised) have a great unpredictable nature, you can find odd moments with their perfect aiming, and their googles that can see through any building known to man. But don't let the bugs and glitches off put you, the game is really enjoyable, both singleplayer and multiplayer. Not to mention the recent support of the Steam Workshop. There are plenty of missions and addons to fullfill your needs, espiecally with the lack of a major campaign. Are you ready to take action as soon as the first shot has been fired?
game-hours: 68.3
review: ARMA III is a clunky, demanding mess, but at its best, it is simply the most authentic military experience short of signing up. If you somehow don't know, ARMA is a very hard core Infantry Simulator that includes vehicles in order to fill things out. Bullets are effected by gravity and elevation, helicopters are difficult and realistic to fly and your health doesn't regenerate. Be prepared to invest a significant amount of time into learning this sim before it truly becomes enjoyable. The UI design is just as poorly implemented as all previous ARMA games, with most interactions accessible via a linar on-screen menu. While you can command your squad in every way necessary to accomplish a mission, the UI does everything short of standing between you and what you want to do. Graphically, the game looks reasonable Textures are sufficiently high resolution, with bump and specular maps as expected. Considering the scale of the world, things look surprisingly detailed. You may encounter snakes, rabbits and insects while you are prone, waiting for a target. ARMA III's worst area when it comes to presentation is its sound design. Explosions sound cartoony and bland, and guns still lack the visceral punch of the real thing. The voice acting isn't all out bad, but it is rough, and your squad will communicate with you via robotic strung together sentences that are often uninformative and annoying to hear. With the variety of things that can be said, it is obvious why the voices ended up as they have, but a quick look at infantry doctrine could have reduced the number of words needed, and increased accuracy. All in all, despite its flaws, ARMA III is a spectacular game that accurately reproduces the pacing of a real military operation, complete with long stretches of quiet in between vicious firefights. If you enjoyed any of the previous ARMA games, or if you are a fan of difficult to master games that reward you for learning their systems, this game won't let you down.
game-hours: 68.6
review: This game could be the best of the year if the optimization didn't completely break the game
game-hours: 234.4
review: Solid purchase, tons of mods, community is great. Every installment from ArmA 2 to this is great.
game-hours: 499.6
review: This game is amazing. Me and my friend were only able to do so much. However its etremly relistic. But it is very hard
game-hours: 123.9
review: Great game. I personally like the 2nd one better. Too much gun sway in this one. Much harder to effectively hit targets. Vehicle control is tough to get used to. Shocks act like shocks, so watch the bumps.
game-hours: 92.5
review: Im going to put it simply, so simply IS ONE OF THE BEST GAMES I EVER PLAYED!.
game-hours: 48.8
review: Fun game, lots of walking
game-hours: 120.1
review: Unbelievable game. The sheer amount of mods (some of them are even downloaded automatically, you don't need to do anything, except for joining a server) is just mind blowing. Its a definite must-have for all FPS fans. Next to the obvious advantages like Day-Z, there are also really really great mods like Wasteland. In Wasteland (I only play that mod, it fulfills all my FPS/action/adrenaline/survival needs) you play on either one of two teams, which fight each other, or you can choose to play a lone wolve who plays against everybody.... on the HUGE map of Altis (really existing greek island) which is about 270km (yea really, you literally drive for hours and hours to get from one end to the other) you are left on your own, with only a pistol. You need food, water and equipment to stay alive. You may find them or you may have to keep looking. It's the ultimate adventure for everyone who doesn't like the zombie-aspect of Day-Z (seriously, its fun until you killed 10 of these, then it gets boring). If you don't like some aspects of Day-Z or Wasteland (or any other mod for that matter) than you just grap the code (mostly available on git repositories) and change what you need :) Before I knew the potential of Arma I bought BF4 and I really regret it. Arma 3 is warmly recommended.
game-hours: 21.6
review: I mutha in recommend this game
game-hours: 39.5
review: Is good.
game-hours: 377.8
review: ,   )))        20    ,    .
game-hours: 114.9
review: Best military simulator out there. Multiplayer is fun and more polished than ArmA II. Loving the new features, too. If you liked ArmA II, you'll like this one, too. Oh, and I forgot to mention you can mod it, just like ArmA II. Can't wait for ACE.
game-hours: 62.1
review: buy.
game-hours: 238.7
review: aww yeah , with the mods and all the addons this is 100s of hours of game play if not more
game-hours: 146.9
review: BEST GAME N/A IF YOU LIKED ARMA 2 I SUGGEST IT TO YOU
game-hours: 56.5
review: Awesome sandbox game and the modding possibilities! Having a blast with Altis Life mod atm, try it out, best game until DayZ SA gets in Beta.
game-hours: 460.8
review: Despite its futuristic setting Arma 3 is still Arma, and the improvements over the last installment are certainly welcome. In terms of optimization, physics, graphics, lighting, and ease of use through the steam workshop it is miles ahead of its predecessor. Is it worth the $60 price tag? NO. Wait until it goes on sale. The longer you wait, the more complete the game will actually be. The developers are continually adding on to the features and campaign. If you didn't like previous installations of Arma, you probably won't like this one either. For those like me who have been playing since OFP, you've probably already made up your mind about Arma 3.
game-hours: 60.1
review: yeah i reccomend it as i crash all the time but im hoping to fix that soon and the times ive been able to play it was a fun time killing ai
game-hours: 36.4
review: Very fun and cool!
game-hours: 180.6
review: Good game, everyone should buy.
game-hours: 30.5
review: An ok game. It has been out for awhile now and they're more concentrated on making DLC/free scenarios rather than optimise the game!
game-hours: 279.1
review: Very good game bt there is so much glitches that need to be fixed but great game. recommend this game to people who are patient it is alot of traveling. i have enjoyed it since having it.
game-hours: 150.2
review: its good
game-hours: 781.7
review: Excellent game if you have a half decent pc. People whinge about not much content but I found there is plenty for everything that I need and I believe most people need. If more content is needed, there are plenty to choose from. Some of the mods such as Breaking Point (a zombie game on Altis) are far superior to the Dayz SA and most Dayz for Arma mods without the building as yet. I am sure that SA will get better but with patches few and far between it will take some time. Arma 3 multiplayer is also very enjoyable with some mates and a few beers. Certainly worth it if your into a bit of realism compared to other AA or AAA titles. Be patient with the game, the end result is awesome all around.
game-hours: 270.4
review: If you havn't already played any ArmA Titles you're missing out so why not start now?
game-hours: 204.4
review: Best shooter game I have ever played! Hands down the best graphics too. When playing, you actually feel like you are there. You also have the millitary tactics that your squad does. Most of the people that play this were in the millitary! I give this game a 9.5/10.
game-hours: 523.1
review: Best military simulation on the market, not perfect, but very good.
game-hours: 133.5
review: Missleading requirements.... the minumun CPU is i5.. this game is garbage for AMD cpus as well.. This game would had been amazing but the programmers of this game, game engine are noobs in their proffession.. its a stoneage technology.. seriously they should fire every programmers they have and recriut newly graduate... their employees need to go back to school.. you cannot call them professional anymore.. people with high end pc should boycot this so that we will be forcing them to freaking create app that can use of multicore cpus....
game-hours: 166.9
review: This Game is amazing it has to be one of my favorite games. It never gets old. you can play so many different roles and you can view the battlefield in different ways everytime you play. Now what are you waiting for BUY THIS GAME!!!!!
game-hours: 183.0
review: Wasteland is great fun with friends and the game is very pretty, map could use some more development but other than that its an all round fun experience. I would not recomend this game to anyone with sub-standard hardware as this is no fun with anything less than 40 fps.
game-hours: 36.9
review: This game is the most fun and realistic military sim I have ever played. MUCH better than Battlefield or Call of Duty claim to be. Maps are huge and combat is large and extensive. I would highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 110.1
review: good game
game-hours: 55.3
review: A fantastic looking and sounding game. Realistic gameplay with AI that isn't TOO good so I have a chance! Definite step up from Arma 2. Gunbattles are amazing episodes of noise and gunsmoke.
game-hours: 25.2
review: dinosaurs are coming
game-hours: 184.7
review: Teflon was wrong, this game is awsome. Highly recommend.
game-hours: 99.0
review: good
game-hours: 5.4
review: Maybe I just don't get it? Maybe I've just been playing too much Ghosts and Hawken lately to really appreciate it? Maybe I was just bored this weekend and couldn't pass up a Steam Sale? I'd say get this if you know somebody in real life to play with online. I don't even feel like going into detail, but this is not a good single player campaign compared to some of the other FPS titles out. I think the goal of the developers was to create a realistic sandbox and they succeeded there, with respect to bullet trajectory and not being able to get shot up and instantly heal like in other games. It sounds like a lot of people enjoy creating custom missions and getting together as a group to play them. But despite all that, I'd rather read a Tom Clancy novel or watch an Oliver North show than play this game.
game-hours: 409.6
review: Its cool
game-hours: 551.1
review: One Word, Amazing. I don't recommend games much but this is definatly one I would recommend.
game-hours: 12.6
review: ArmA up for a tough challenge when your playing this game. Expect the unexpected, be accurate, and be resourceful
game-hours: 680.5
review: Great game!
game-hours: 27.3
review: This is a phenomenal military sim game. I highly recomend it. Except the only complaint i have is that the game is pretty demanding far as requirements go.
game-hours: 185.4
review: .
game-hours: 37.1
review: Fun times are to be had.
game-hours: 106.0
review: I sold my Asiimov for this game.
game-hours: 252.6
review: EPIC :D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D
game-hours: 6.2
review: Typical. I buy the game and a few days later it's 40% off. Don't suppose you will refund the difference? :p
game-hours: 87.5
review: Its hard to recommend this game. seeing how they are trying to make a combat sim type of game its not exactly action packed. you spend most of your time equipping yourself, and trying to get to whatever objective your going for. then once you get somewhere you might finally get into some action. Now This whole process can be more fun if your in a group & communicating and having laughs along the way. The first few days i played i probably spent about 4 hours getting around and finding stuff and maybe only got into a few gun fights. It takes a special kind of person to really love this kind of game. for me it was more of a novelty. there is one game mode where you need to hold an objecitve, this was more action packed by getting everyone in one area which led to less travel time and more time running around and trying to hunt targets down. once this game can create some modes that streamlines action into the sim portion of it would make the game alot better. all in all the game is amazing, and done well once you get past learning how to do it. you can have a great time with it if you accept how much time your going to spend just trying to get somewhere.
game-hours: 3.2
review: Nice game and very realistic ! Maybe to realistic!
game-hours: 315.7
review: This is f***ing awesome *-* although it has many bugs yet ...
game-hours: 51.3
review: Great graphics, superb realism, excellent multiplayer. All and all just a great game!
game-hours: 67.5
review: Other than the fact that is a lot more like a FPS than simulator there is still fun to be had. Thanks to a more intergrated modding system (steam workshop) it is easier to find and install various mods and missions. For people who liked arma more for the vehicles than this might let you down. There is only a couple jets and handfull of tanks. There are not many weapons even though you can interlock attachments. So in conclusion if you want more vehicles wait for mods and I recommend it. I feel that the graphics and map are well made and it is great idea to get. Especially for wasteland. And maybe a Day Z......
game-hours: 474.4
review: 10 out of 10 cuz i can :P
game-hours: 84.3
review: i do enjoy playing this game and is very nice with the gameplay and the overall quality graphics etc. but isnt as enjoyable as arma 2 i would like to say buy this if you enjoyed arma 2 but this game sometimes feels more buggy and unreliable to play than arma2 did.
game-hours: 60.0
review: Very fun game to play. Definitely recommend to everyone.
game-hours: 579.3
review: 10/10 Would bang again - IGN
game-hours: 337.2
review: Better than Arma 2. Not so ING BUGGY. But still, a very nice game. I have 200 hours on this piece of . It's very fun to slide on my  and shoot. I think Call Of Duty Advanced Warfare should have the should  slide feature in it. Overall I give this game 9.999999/10.5 .
game-hours: 209.4
review: I passed quite some time with the current ArmA title, as I did with the successor of OFP, the original ArmA and ArmA II. I can clearly see a road of improvement here, although some major hick-ups of the series haven't been fixed yet. in short terms: Pros: +provides a giant and incredibly interesting military Sandbox +very powerful, altough not easy to handle editor tool +basic training scenarios to slowly guide you off the CoD and on the BI route +very mod friendly (+...and thousands of epic mods, one of the most active and best modding cons out there. Not really a ArmA III feature, though) +wide range of multiplayer modes. From CoD style battles to semi-realistic tactical fights. +Very impressive graphics and a immersive sound engine +tons of weapons and vehicles +submarine environment, diving (whoever does that...I don't) +constant improvement of the engine +fair DLC/pricing policy that offer a wide range of improvments as free updates (see Helicopter DLC) +interesting gun play, Marksmen DLC to come. +satisfying vehicles, flying helos is fun and will be even more with the coming DLC Cons: -bad MP code, though it's slightly getting better -bad server browser -engine hick-ups -UI (unmodded)...hey, it's ArmA! Remember ArmA II UI? ...urgh, right, I CAN see improvement here! -eats PC power like nothing. NASA pc recommended for Ultra settings and high FPS. (in Intel/NVidia terms: playable with >i52500k/>760line. Sorry I'm not a AMD user.) -rather boring and baldy balanced campaign, but can still bwe fun to play in some ...cases. I'm running ArmA III on an aged i5 2500k stock/ 770ti. And I'm pretty content with it's performance. It's absolutely playable but you won't see 10km far while getting 60 FPS out of the box. Performance still is a major issue. But remember the level of detail and view range you get in ArmA are still amazing. Arma has a steep learning curve fo newcomers, but it's very rewarding when you reach the top. Tutorials (look out for Dsylecxi's YouTube channel, too) may help you on the way up. Feel free to play around in the edito, too. No need to crash helos in MP battles :D Remember it's neither a hardcore sim, nor a shooter. It sits somewhere in the middle, pretty comfortable at that. Some small things I don't like, but thats my personal flavour: -scenario (Greek islands are so barren...I miss Chernarus.) -futuristic materiel and time-line (Wheres my AK? And...Iranians? In Greece? 300? Aww, come on BI...bad choice.) Overall: If you got a potent machine and the will to find work-arounds for some technical issues that plagued BI games since the beginning it's a must have. No arguing here. Since early alpha I sank many an hour into this game and it's still engaging, while I see the title is being constanlty improved by the devs. I can give a solid recommendation.
game-hours: 63.7
review: The best installment of the Arma series so far. Laggy gameplay seems to have been fixed to the great extent, interesting and intensive, dramatic Single Player campaign reminds the original Operation Flashpoint times. Recommended for all tactical warfare simulation fans.
game-hours: 259.0
review: Great game. AltisLife and Wasteland are great for learning the controls in a relaxed environment but jump into something like King of the Hill for some real fun.
game-hours: 801.9
review: This is one of the best most interesting, military games. Simply the mod community makes the online play 5/5. If you want or had thought about pick up this game do it! Side note: controls at first are awkard. But within about an hr of play (maybe more) a decent gamer should understand the majority of the controls.
game-hours: 238.6
review: After many months of waiting we all have finally a good product in line with others arma serie sims....i can say without hairs on toungue...yes...it's a game to purchase absolutely because it's the only simulation that give to all players who want some in more about realism and gameplay.Can be a bit frustrating at start cause it's a sim and not a game but anyway you can also set it as a game ....more easy as you want .It is a sim settable really as you desire in all aspects...so...now there is nomore excuses for to say i wait a bit for to have it Finally the second island of the game called Altis it's a capolavour of design ...go to check there all the hundreds of things into Altis map and you ll see the delicious attention for the more fine details.The AI is improved as sound 3D and in general all you did like into arma serie is here in more detailed graphic and sound with a new engine.
game-hours: 566.4
review: best FPS ever
game-hours: 347.9
review: Amazing game, a real step up from Arma 2, if you are into fun games, get this one.
game-hours: 97.5
review: Definetely a great game! Great simulator and also a it has some great mods. Such as 'Altis Life' and 'Wasteland'. I truley recommend this game to most players. I have some problems with it with my graphics card which needs some programs to fix but overall, amazing game. 9/10
game-hours: 23.6
review: Great game. It starts of boring at first (well for me as I havent played Arma 1 or 2) but then you get used to it and you start meeting people and coming up with tactical plans to take out an enemy base. You begin to build your own squad with your friends. There are differet game modes such as Altis Life where you can choose to be a cop, rebel or a civillian. You can then start a gang with your friends and start making drugs (create your own empire like Heisenburg). You can basically do anything. Arma 3 is such an amazing game and you will have problems with it at first but you will grasp it. You will always find something new to do with your friends. All in all I would give this game 10/10. Great tactical play with realism and really throws you into the action. This is nothing like the  Call of Duty franchise or any other shooter this is unique.
game-hours: 1059.4
review: It's amazing game with great community around and huge modding potential. Go for it!
game-hours: 252.3
review: Got it just for altis life and found there was much more to it!
game-hours: 287.3
review: Best game ever! Needs some minor tweaks and I could recommend a few additional things that would make the game even better but if you're reading this section to find out whether it is worth buying --- I can honestly confirm that if you have a beaty enough PC this game is great!
game-hours: 99.5
review: Its a really good game but i wish it was a bit cheaper
game-hours: 97.8
review: i would of recomended this game but as i was globaly blocked from the servers i will not recomend it simply for installing it on both of my hard drives ! = global ban WTF is that all about
game-hours: 45.3
review: This game is awesome. One of the best military simulators out there. Tired of DayZ but not the franchise? Arma 3. Have fun.
game-hours: 39.8
review: If you like realistic war game, then Arma 3 is what your are looking for. :)
game-hours: 57.9
review: A very nice game alot of mods the altis life mode is the best. I give it 9/10 .
game-hours: 78.4
review: One of the most enjoyable militairy games out there. Dynamic, with the ability to write your own missions, modding built in and endless customization. Huge maps with millions of posibilities. There is literally no other gaming experience like this. Even though it may seem a bit daunting at first, once you learn the ropes you're in for one hell of a ride.
game-hours: 107.8
review: Very fun with friends if you know what you are doing, and even alone!
game-hours: 19.0
review: Amazing game. As a huge fan of the Arma series, I have to say this is a great addition. I can't wate until they add more content.
game-hours: 71.1
review: STANCE SIMULATOR 2013 FUN/10 WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 788.9
review: Ill sum it up as. There is a steep learning curve. You cant just pick it up, join a multiplayer match and start shooting people. Its not that kind of game. It is however a very team oriented combat simulator. Whether is a Sniper team of 2, or a Fire team of 4/6. You work together and rely on each other. Once you get the hang of it, you will love it and keep coming back to it even after playing battlefield 4 and COD.
game-hours: 158.7
review: Tactical Shooty Game. 10/10 Mods Galore. Wasteland OP.
game-hours: 37.9
review: i wouldnt buy it i got banned cause someone hacked in to my steam accout and hacked this games and i got banned 1 week after i got it
game-hours: 32.3
review: pretty good 10/10
game-hours: 121.5
review: Such a good game, i no i have only played 14 but that was in two days, its really addictive and wasteland is really good, so is altis life, really recomend buying.
game-hours: 93.2
review: I've played 20 hours of this game, 18 of them have been in Altis Life alone, and the rest in Wasteland and Single Player. This is one of the most enjoyable games i've ever played. when im not playing, i think about what im going to do when I play Altis Life next. A little about Altis Life. It's basically real life in Arma 3. You can play as a cop or a civillian. if you play as a cop, you enforce the law. Pull people over for speeding, hunt down criminals, bust druggies. If you're a civillian, you can become a Rebel, and basically be the bandits of Altis Life, or you can just make drugs, and sell them and become a millionaire. The choice is yours. I highly recomend this game, as long as you can deal with a few bugs. If you do end up buying the game. I highly recommend playing Altis Life. No mods/downloads needed. All you have to do is join a server, and remember the server name so you can continue where you left off. (And before you exit the game, please remember to sync you data :)
game-hours: 144.8
review: Great Game. Some good Mulitplayer Mod's avaible for it too. Altis Life is well worth a blast
game-hours: 191.6
review: This game is amazing. No other game can compete. The amount of things you can do is outstanding from playing on a tatical server to just having fun with frends on a closed server. looks amazing, plays well and they keep on adding stuff! 10/10.
game-hours: 491.9
review: one world.... AMAZING
game-hours: 156.7
review: This game is such an Improvement from ARMA 2, Its graphics are amazing and it is well optimized. It is well worth the price and has many cool features and multiplayer gamemodes which is a normal thing for any arma game. I played 1 episode of the campaign, It seemed ok but the multiplayer is where its at with this game!
game-hours: 28.7
review: Just Awesome
game-hours: 19.2
review: amazing game got a learning curve to eat not your typical shooter witch just keeps you engadeg very good game well worth the money
game-hours: 170.0
review: i almost feel like steam played a crule joke on me . i payed $40 for the game and it doesnt work Arma 3 has the worst fps in history , my pc runs it @ 9 FPS . what a joke . do yourself a favor and buy ANYTHING else . . .
game-hours: 220.4
review: For fans of rp  check out the altis life servers
game-hours: 19.2
review: Pretty COO! Like it
game-hours: 89.7
review: I enjoy this for playing with my friends or just dicking around! Picked it up when it was on sale for $36 and I would recommend that if you were to buy it you shold do the same.
game-hours: 4.3
review: love it
game-hours: 968.0
review: If you like strategic military combat in a vast open world, then get this game. If u like Battlefield, then you'll love this game. I got COD advanced warfare, and played it about an hour, after which I found myself back in the lands of Altis Wasteland (Arma 3). Played over 100 hours in the last 2 weeks, seriosly, so get it already.
game-hours: 0.3
review: Arma died with the influx of Wasteland and DayZ deathmatch players. Bohemia a once community friendly company seems to gone the way of greedy developer once they got a taste of the DayZ and DayZ Standalone money. $66 for a Digital download of a nearly 2 year old game? $17 for 2 choppers????? Seriously?
game-hours: 153.3
review: The best game ive bought!
game-hours: 200.7
review: Good game
game-hours: 40.7
review: Been a Battlefield Fan for a while then i came upon Arma 2 which blew me away and since then have followed to Arma 3 and it just keeps getting better and better. Maps are big and a big Varity of Vechicles just need a good eye and switched on and you do fine.
game-hours: 0.2
review: THE HELL I THOUGHT I GOT IT FREE CAUSE OF THE OFFER OMG
game-hours: 217.9
review: Got tactical, about to drop into a city to help take the hill. Pilot told us we were going to land, jumped out and we all crashed. 6/9 had butt in my nose.
game-hours: 91.3
review: good
game-hours: 30.4
review: Accidently touched a tree with helicopter and exploded to death. best Aircraft Killing Simulator!
game-hours: 43.7
review: Arma is only getting better!
game-hours: 125.9
review: A beautifully done, full-on military simulation that keeps you entertained for hours on end. It takes a bit to get used to, but after that, it's amazing.
game-hours: 60.5
review: damn good
game-hours: 73.2
review: Pure Awesomeness, a great military simulator 11/10
game-hours: 34.2
review: If you want to play a real Military Sim, this is for you. It can be frustrating at times but if you play it like you should this can be alot of fun. My favorite part is flying the helicopters.
game-hours: 404.7
review: Awesome game. Beautiful enviorments. Ultra realistic. Incredible mod community. HIghly recommend this game.
game-hours: 772.0
review: It is an ok game(Arma 2 is better) but the reason it is not one of my favorites is because of ONE reason!!! No NUDITY 3/10
game-hours: 920.5
review: ARMA 3 - - - Real Warfare
game-hours: 63.2
review: Wow. Just wow. Best millitary simulator you've ever played. So realistic, teamwork, I don't know how to explain. Buy the game, get in server, get in squad, and start killing. LET'S GO! 111100000/10
game-hours: 16.8
review: you can pick APPLES!!!!!!!!!! you cant do that in any other game can you
game-hours: 536.2
review: A great game that focuses or reality and tactical thinking. A refreshing break from Call of Duty and Battlefield.
game-hours: 629.2
review: Amazing Game
game-hours: 187.3
review: my new addicition
game-hours: 421.7
review: If you loved SOCOM, SOCCOM II, and even SOCOM II, but still wanted it to be more hardcore, then this is the game for you. AI is still a little clunky as of Feb 2014, but we are still in BETA. The game is huge! Just like its predecessors this game is larger than most training areas in the Continental US. And it is also huge in the number of weapons and vehicles that are playable. Not necessarily for the Battlefield/CoD crowd. Although you can change/edit settings to make the game that way, in general it is much more methodical. My major complaint is that when I put 2 Infantry Squads under the control of a Lieutenant, the formations became very funky. Instead of 1 squad on each side, the two Squad Leader fireteams were on one side, and the two Team Leader fireteams were on the other. But again, game is still in BETA. There is probalb Pluses = immersion, graphics, realism, scope, community Minuses = squad control UI, issues with platoon-size units under 1 Group Leader Time to get started on that Foxhunt mission....
game-hours: 16.0
review: Love it, tots awesome
game-hours: 11.5
review: Best military sim available, if your PC is up to task, dont miss it. I switch between this and Battlefield 4 for the wholesome war experience.
game-hours: 261.1
review: So not a fan of the 2035 setting, but the changes they made to ARMA are great. This game is a pc crusher and requires only the best to play it though. Military realism can't be found at this level anywhere else.
game-hours: 82.8
review: pwnage
game-hours: 3.4
review: I can't believe I spent $60 on this. I thought I was getting a bad  game, turns out that it's just bad and I'm the  for buying it. Think Operation Flashpoint, just wonkier and more complicated.
game-hours: 176.7
review: Iam in Love...Altis life....love it even more then DayZ :o
game-hours: 327.5
review: Great game, you will get the feel of real combat.
game-hours: 70.2
review: The game has many issues, even with the BI saying it is a finished game, still a WIP, needs optimization, fixing some animations and other problems that causes impact in performance and gameplay, but overall it is a great game, and you can certainly pick somethings up as tactics if you're interested in that, it is a civilian reduced version of a military simulator
game-hours: 3.8
review: Arma 3 is an improvement over the previous ones, but the game still suffers from clunky interface and lackluster AI. For an Arma fan like myself, though, it is the best Arma so far.
game-hours: 23.5
review: While I love the game, I can't think for the life of me why people think this is the "best military simulator" out there on the market today. Arma 3 just feels like pointing a shooting, but every time I get into a gun fight in arma 2 adrenaline starts pumping through my body in real life. To each his own I guess, it's probably because I have played past games. For a newcomer to the series, Arma 3 is great. Also, I have a Gtx 690 and 24 gigs and a very good processor, and the game barely runs at 30 fps. But that's to be expected with a Bohemia game, can't really be suprised by that. (Edit) I have played 78 hours of this game, just on another computer.
game-hours: 1183.1
review: awesome graphics and the best teamplayer warfare simulation
game-hours: 71.1
review: This game is a great expansion on the Arma series and is very promising. Very realistic compared to other games like BF4, CS:GO, and CoD.
game-hours: 246.8
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 10.3
review: Waste of money, Game is pointless if you want to play the actual game (no mods)...
game-hours: 58.5
review: I demand less glitches! Great game :)
game-hours: 413.6
review: Its A Good game if u have a decent computer
game-hours: 333.8
review: Like Arma 2 but better!
game-hours: 181.9
review: This game has kept me very entertained over the few days after buying it. I absolutly loved playing ARMA II and thought it was time to upgrade. This game has extremely good graphics and has very good gunplay. However unless you are playing with friends it can get a bit boring also the multiplayer is not 100% optimised yet as you still get dropped frames and lag spikes quite often even though i ahve less than 50 ping on the server and beat the minimum requirements outstandingly. So if you have some friends who play this game i would recommend buying this game deifnately a killer.
game-hours: 701.0
review: This game beats all other shooters. Although there are some things I wish this game had or didn't have, it still keeps me in suspense and excitement. I recommend this to anyone likes more realistic and serious, yet exciting games. Right now, this is by far, my favorite game.
game-hours: 127.8
review: Commander mow head of lawn warfare: this is my lawn there are many others like it but this one is mine
game-hours: 75.3
review: If you enjoy a real challenge for a shooter/ simulator then the ARMA series is for you, This is not your typical Battlefield or Call Of Duty shooter(arcadish). I highly recommend this game and the other Bohemia Titles!!
game-hours: 135.3
review: gud
game-hours: 13.0
review: Pretty Legit
game-hours: 905.0
review: Needs more work, never the less still enjoyable!!
game-hours: 134.1
review: get it its a good game
game-hours: 22.8
review: It need smore campain but has realsitic features.
game-hours: 59.1
review: This is the first Arma game i've played, the first milsim acctually, and it's great i've been looking for a game like this for a while.
game-hours: 49.7
review: First time playing any iteration of the ARMA series, and I gotta say im loving it.
game-hours: 102.0
review: This game is amazing.
game-hours: 192.4
review: Arma 3 is incredible. If you are looking for a game that gets as real as possible this is it, its not even a game its a war simulator. Missions are satisfying and even when they go bad its an unforgetable time.
game-hours: 205.2
review: Arma3 , find you're self in a tank , or in a gunship or even behinde hostile lines . Arma3 bring's war to life with outstanding bright and ghraphics . uniqe gameplay style , from diving to skydiving everything looks so real and lovely! . course a chance to test you're strenght in leading you're men to what's right , cuz belive me once ur assinghed as a team leader , you'll do whatever it takes to save you're men from whatever comes to them . as a driver of a tank . you're the most wanted in the fight with a high strenghed Armor and outwilling guns , you simply have no exsuse to lose . As a chopper gunner , you carry a death strike to ur foes . 30mm gun , rockets , laser , EMP , you my dear gunner hunt you're hostiles one by one . As a jet pilot , you take air and ground to your hands , with a wide selection of armory to heavy bombing . you simply have the fight won in no time . plz go buy Arma3 :D
game-hours: 57.2
review: Highly disapointing experience; coming from someone who spent over 1200 hours in ARMA II and its various functions. The same problems from the previous title still plague a game that could have, and should have been, fixed. Robotic animations, unrealistic physics and flight models, hollow low-production value sound effects, bland visuals unless you have an absolute beast of a computer, horrible UI, clunky controls, the list goes on, and on, and on. It makes no sense to someone who wanted to see so much from ARMA III, that almost nothing has chanegd from the previous games. It seems instead of addressing these immersion breaking features, the dev team focused mainly on an absolutly massive island, which they succeeded in producing. Unfortunatly, the gameplay on this island is much less than enjoyable with the host of problems detailed above and all the other various performance problems and bugs. The editor has been somewhat improved. Campaign is about as broken as its ever been, which I guess is to be expected, and other scenerios just feel rediculous with armored vehicles hitting rocks at 160km/hr and flying 50 feet in the air, their obnoxious guns rattling away their tune. Anyone who truly expects anything from a dev in a sequel should be hugly disapointed with this broken pile of rubbish selling for $60.
game-hours: 435.4
review: GREAT GAME BUY IT
game-hours: 33.2
review: Ultimate game for lovers of war and realism, excellent physics, and optimum gameplay...though it seems to me it is incomplete!!!
game-hours: 92.4
review: Best mil sim to date!
game-hours: 95.6
review: I stared to play but it was red and blue can you help
game-hours: 674.8
review: Worked multiplayer for 80 hours, now everytime i join a server i get a message "Battleeye client not responding". I have tried updating batleeye manually, updated router firmware, and tried everything else in the help forums. Good game but it is broken by a 3rd party anti-cheat software.
game-hours: 1527.5
review: yes Lenny must get his game
game-hours: 531.4
review: muy bueno
game-hours: 117.4
review: ,        . 8  10.        .  2   .
game-hours: 42.1
review: Great tactical FPS with vide variety of gametypes and an acitve player base. Excellent for players who want to really dig in and immerse themselves in the milsim experience. Not really good for quick action packed plays.
game-hours: 14.1
review: Konene dobr, dos relna hra :) Finally good, really real game :)
game-hours: 44.5
review: Great graphics compared to arma 2. Its a little buggy but nothing you cant bare with. If you enjoy playing the wasteland mod then its a good buy. Just note to self the A.I. is beast, like they are hard AF to take down. But the game is so beautiful. The vehicles are great and so is the inventory menu. You can switch out scopes between different weapons. overall a great game
game-hours: 1830.2
review: Once into it, u gotta dig it!!!
game-hours: 168.2
review: Well.... ARMA... I have been wanting to play ARMA for the past 5 years but never had the computer to run it but as soon as I got a new computer I picked this game up straight away! I was not dissapointed either as it is as close as you can get to real war without going there yourself... It has everything! Excpet a lot of jets, they need more jets...
game-hours: 210.6
review: Very fun, the possibilities are limitless with this game engine!
game-hours: 50.8
review: Arma 3, more like Altis Life.
game-hours: 45.2
review: what a dissapointment. massive step back from arma 2 and the campaign is made in the basic mission editor, i can make better missions myself. embarrasing.
game-hours: 235.0
review: Great multiplayer. massive open world and a lots of oppertunity. THIS IS WAR
game-hours: 70.1
review: Very good game highly recommend :NATO: :NATO: :NATO: :NATO: :NATO:
game-hours: 179.3
review: n1 Game Suchtfaktor
game-hours: 1434.3
review: I, myslef, don't like the whole futurisic , however there are improvments from arma 2 such as graphics and animations. It is awesome if you can use the right mods. I have also had the game since the day it was accesable in Alpha, and for some reason i found it funner then than I do now.
game-hours: 827.7
review: It's fun if you play it with friends or with a clan. By yourself - it's worthless.
game-hours: 709.5
review: After the recent update most of the desync was gone, marvelous work. 10/10 would crash the vehicles again.
game-hours: 334.8
review: Absolutely the best game I own. Worth all 60$ of it. Already have 100+ hours and have barely even dug into Altis LIfe alone. There is SO much you can do in this game, and it's all beautiful, because the graphics in this game are amazing. 11/10 would recommend to anyone.
game-hours: 588.4
review: This was my first ArmA game and it was amazing The controls are not hard but not the easiest This game is probly te best game i have ever played in gameplay but..... Now it crashes to the point i can't play any multiplayer but other than that it's AMAZING I think anyone who likes shooters and roleplay games should buy and play this game at least try it sometime
game-hours: 4.2
review: This game is fun. It has some pretty cool survival aspects and also has vehicles that arw somewhat stable. You should definetely buy the game if you have the spare cash :D
game-hours: 59.5
review: Awesom game
game-hours: 56.4
review: If you wanted to get into Arma 2 but couldn't because of the janky controls, this is for you. Wide selection of gametypes and servers, solid gameplay, tonnes of varied community missons. 10/10 woodbang.
game-hours: 137.6
review: The worlds finest modern warfare simulator. PROS: The infantry experience is sublime, with enormous map, beautiful and diverse environments, great freedom of movement and very comprehensive controls. Inclusion of combat divers and paratroopers. Aircraft, helicopters, wheeled and tracked vehicles and boats work great as instruments for inserting infantry and supporting them. Real-world tactics works. Great community, including a very comprehensive guide by dslyecxi. TrackIR is supported. A TrackIR is highly recommended, and adds enormously to both immersion and situational awareness. Singleplayer campaign is competent, but I belive the most fun is to be had with user-created content or in online games with the milsim-crowd. CONS: I would prefer contemporary military hardware instead of near-future. Controls are optimised for outdoors action, and feels a bit clumsy inside buildings. Controls on aircraft and helicopters are extremely simplified compared to dedicated flightsimulators. This is probably a design choice for reasons of accessibility, but the new DLC promises helicopters with more advanced controls. Hope this starts a trend of more proper simulation of helicopters and aircraft. Highly recommended!
game-hours: 67.9
review: In my opinion, much better than any of the previous Arma games. First and foremost where do i start? The animations, the graphics and the physics are all improved perfectly and it just feels like you are at war! The optimization gives you much more freedom to tweak graphical settings. The Co-op just has to be the best feature, knowing that everyone depends on you and you depend on everyone as a team.
game-hours: 879.7
review: Singleplayer not as fun, very hard. Endless multiplayer hours of fun. Highly recommended, totally worth $60, snatch it up once it goes on sale for $30
game-hours: 236.2
review: Great Game Great Fun
game-hours: 639.5
review: This is the best game ever made for PC. It servers as a base for the 52 mods I use
game-hours: 62.1
review: Great game nice and tacticle but takes up hours of time if you want to have a quick game not to great but super much fun and socks up the hours like nothing before.
game-hours: 11.8
review: After playing in a few ops with my team. I can, honestly, say that ArmA 3 was worth the $59.99. It is so realitic that it adds so much immersion that it makes you feel like you are there fighting the good fight. 10/10 Will buy ArmA 4 if they make one.
game-hours: 10.0
review: One of the best Simulators I have ever played!
game-hours: 51.2
review: Awesome military simulation, as usual with Bohemia. Enhanced gaming experience compared to the previous Arma and a particular attention to details. Cool campaign so far!
game-hours: 57.7
review: This game is not CoD or Battlefield. It is a sandbox military simulator with one of the most feature rich simulation engines available. A world is created, and it is truly up to you to decide how to accompish tasks. As a "milsim" it is hardcore - if hit in the right place, one shot, one kill. It may be too hardcore for some, but for me, it stands far above any other military shooter. The Arma 3 Virtual Reality engine renders near photo-realistic landscapes from 1 meter to thousands with dynamic realistic weather and realtime day/night cycle. Fly aircraft with simulated flight models for hundreds of kilometers without an invisible wall to ruin immersion. Shoot weapons with accurately simulated ballistics and penetration - if you hit your target in this game, you would have hit it in real life. Perform maneuvers with 100 of your friends, in realistic vehicles and aircraft, with character models who move realistically. Do all of this on the beautifully rendered islands of Stratis or Altis (which is HUGE), and you will feel as though you were actually there. In additon to the outstanding single player missions created by Bohemia Interactive, Arma 3's highly moddable environment provides tools to allow you to create your own missions, or play missions from others via the Steam Workshop. They have embraced the modding community so fully that Arma is sure to have an endless supply of content in their amazing engine for the foreseeable future. To see what can be done with Arma 3's milsim platform, look up groups like Shack Tactical or 15th MEU Realism Unit on YouTube. Highly reccommended.
game-hours: 166.9
review: Arma is the best.
game-hours: 141.3
review: SO MUCH. There are endless amount of things to do to in the game:Campaign, Survival, Challenges, Scenerios, Multiplayer. Then get even more stuff through the workshop, This is worth 60$. the game is beautiful, for those with out good computer u can run the graphics on low or medium and it still looks AMAZING!!!!!
game-hours: 456.1
review: You scrolled too far..... the buy button is higer XD
game-hours: 5.9
review: I got shot after trying to 420 quickscope some scrub 10/10 great gaem
game-hours: 54.2
review: This game is just amazing. you have it all. mission editors multiplayer campaigns theres lots of weapons transport all around
game-hours: 266.7
review: YESSSSSSSSS
game-hours: 240.8
review: Get it. The modding capablilities and gamemodes are the best in the business.
game-hours: 38.7
review: sad i wasted my money i love arma 2 even thought it has some bugs but this game has more bugs then content
game-hours: 99.3
review: 15.99 DLC for two helicopters RIP
game-hours: 403.8
review: This game is the "".
game-hours: 128.6
review: Very well made, robust and fun game. The graphics are great and the game runs smoothly. The one thing that annoys me are the controls that can be some what overwhelming and clumsy, but they have made them to be as realistic as possible. They variety and freedom of this game is huge and gives a lot of room for modders to create great content. Remember that Arma is not a simulator, rather a set of tools that aim to be realistic and give a lot of freedom to the users and modders to do what they want with the game.
game-hours: 451.8
review: This game is unique and has many bugs but extremely enjoyable and there is plenty to do to keep you busy.
game-hours: 123.2
review: If you like laughing your  off and fun, long game play... ArmA 3 is for you... Updated Review The game is still fun as hell, but still runs like
game-hours: 940.2
review: Arma 3 is the best military simulation game I've ever played. It incorporates all elements of warfare into one massive map for the ultimate realistic experience.
game-hours: 1342.2
review: At this point I don't recommend it. I had to get a new computer from those crashes, and now from this ING update I can't load any servers on multiplayer. If someone can fix this Servers not loading i'll sure Recommend this game. But for now? No.
game-hours: 292.8
review: absolute banter ! <3 it
game-hours: 367.4
review: I saw a rabbit followed by a civilian followed by a private followed by a colonel hunted by a sniper getting shot by an armored truck locked by a jet ...... Only the rabbit survived :P
game-hours: 21.7
review: great game but not as great as its previous one
game-hours: 98.4
review: game keeps crashing on me
game-hours: 96.4
review: This Is A Must Have Game Its A War Simulator Its OP!!
game-hours: 190.0
review: this game is pure amazingness it has a steep learning curve with learning how to shoot the gun properly to actually kill and enemy, but the curve is definitely worth its time
game-hours: 62.7
review: Very good, I like the Life servers, you can do anything! I like to deliver packages and earn money.
game-hours: 39.3
review: Too good, the graphics, gameplay and scenery look and feel real. It's scary when your shot at and exciting when you fly. The best game of 2013! :D EDIT: However with the new campaign addons I have noticed that there has been a drop of FPS in the Mulltiplayer section making it unplayable
game-hours: 351.7
review: This game offers hours of entertainment, especially in the multiplayer that is where the game truly shines showing off its true military simulation aspect. This game is complicated at first but not that hard to get down after your used to it your in for hour of enjoyment.
game-hours: 18.4
review: Amazing!!!
game-hours: 205.6
review: Love every Arma but this one is the best.
game-hours: 114.6
review: Sucks s**t if you don't have more than 5 frineds to play with
game-hours: 177.9
review: Fantasticly realistic!
game-hours: 794.6
review: Arma 3
game-hours: 323.3
review: This game is truly amazing in every way.
game-hours: 150.9
review: Great game, great graphical infrastructure and great team play. This game has it all. With Modding available in the Workshop, you can create your own war. If your a FPS fanattic, this is the war game for you! Online is just as fun :)
game-hours: 126.9
review: Iz a good movie
game-hours: 52.9
review: I played during a free weekend on Steam. Things I liked: Realistic gunplay and movement. Graphics look pretty good. Online multiplayer in modes such as Wasteland are very fun. Basically DayZ w/o zombies (although there is a mod like DayZ for Arma 3). What I did not like: While the game played smoothly for single player the multiplayer played not nearly as well. I would get around 15 FPS even though I am above the minimum requirements. This may be able to be resolved with more tweaking or patches in the future. I have found a set of servers that seem to run pretty good however so I usually stick to those. From the time I spent with it during the free weekend (10 hours) I was convinced to buy it for the 50% off price of $30.
game-hours: 159.0
review: Coming from a very extensive flight sim background, I generally expect too much from games these days. Having the whole planet at your fingertips flying from city to city, country to country... High fidelity aircraft systems correctly simulated.. It sure sets a high bar! But Arma 3 leaves no part of me unsatisfied, the immersion factor is brilliant and playing with the right people very professional! I definitely recommend!
game-hours: 261.7
review: great game 10/10 altis life is amazing
game-hours: 44.2
review: Well arma overall is one of the greatest games ever made the one and only problem pretty much is the fact it has horrible optimization and requires a NASA computer to run but other than that its a 10/10 game for me
game-hours: 215.4
review: As a huge fan of ArmA 2, I really wanted to like this game. I knew it would have a rocky release, but it's been over a year now, and this game still feels incomplete. Of course it's poorly optimized, has SLI issues (my PIP won't even work with SLI), and is very CPU-intensive, but that's only the beginning of my frustration with this game. Issues from ArmA 2, like the horrid vehicle physics, are still prevalent in this game as far as I can tell from having my APC rolled over by a pickup truck. The fatigue and weapon sway debate aside, this game still clearly has problems and is hardly a finished product *ahem $16 DLC that includes just 2 helicopters*. At this point, I've just given up on BIS, and don't see them fixing this game any time soon. That being said, I have had enjoyable moments with this game, but just not enough to compensate for the amount of technical issues the game has. tl;dr: Would not recommend to a fan of previous ArmA games, or anyone for that matter.
game-hours: 93.6
review: Bought this game for more DayZ. Found many different "Life" mods and a couple others that are really fun. Great buy and I haven't even played any of the Arma 3 missions yet!
game-hours: 994.4
review: this game is one of the best games i played. was a huge fan of the Battlefield series but after the battlefield 4 fail i bought ArmA 3. there has not been a single moment i regred it. there are enough servers/ gamemodes and there are so many ways you can play the game. there is no end at it you can make you own server and play some missions whit some friends. the players can be  some times and there are still alot of bugs in the game. but overall its a great game
game-hours: 410.9
review: IF YOU ACTUALLY HAVE PTSD, DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME. If you truly want the most realistic thing or the game that gets you the closest to actually seeing war, then blow your $60 into Arma 3, and you will not be dissapointed. When people say you need a strong rig to run this game, part of it is BS, but the other part is true. I can run this game on my laptop's 2012 AMD A10-4600M APU without having to drop all visuals to low, and keeping fairly reasonable viewdistance. The game chugs at 34 - 48 FPS when playing solo or a Bohemia default MP mission, but can drop to 20 FPS when there is a lot of things happening at once, so rotation blur is a good thing to turn on to mask the slideshow. I don't play on scripted mission servers since scripts are a huge hit on the game, and because of scripts being so heavy in Arma 3, that is why you would want a decently strong machine. Budget build parts like a dual-core Intel Pentium[overclocked of course], and a GTX 650 or a GTX 750ti graphics card will push this game well enough at Standard graphics. There is no felt visual difference between Standard settings and High settings on a 720p monitor, the difference is more noticeable on a 1080p monitor. In terms of gameplay, this game will give you PTSD[not really, but you get the figure of speech hopefully]. IF YOU ACTUALLY HAVE PTSD, DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME. Now, back to how this game can give you PTSD. Me, my friends, and a couple of randoms were all moving in on a town held by rebels to secure intel. It was a crystal-clear day, no clouds in sight. There was six of us in total, me, my two friends, and the three other kids; me and one of the other kids were the medics, one of my friends was the sniper, the other was the machingunner, the two other kids were AT. As we aproached the town in our pick-up truck, I was driving, we started taking shots from a-far, so I got off the road to drive up a hill for tactical advantage, but the truck lost a tire in a ditch going off the road. We were F**ked, we were in the middile of a field with no boulders for cover, thank god our tank columm was able to provide mobile cover while we pushed up the hill. Suddenly, one of our tanks got hit, and hit again, then blew up on the third hit, but we had already reached the hilltop rocks and were in cover, the crew of the tank was surely dead. We re-focused on the objective, my friend started laying down sniper-fire as me, my other friend, and two of the kids moved down, the other AT guy stayed with my sniper-friend to pick off any enemy technicals that could be of an issue. That wouldn't matter anyways; as I looked back up the hill, I could only watch as they got shot apart by heavy machinegun fire, they were dead. So it was the four of us, me, my machinegunner-friend, the AT, and the medic guy. What came next was the most intense moment of it all. As we rounded a corner we saw enemies everywhere down the main-street of the town, my friend unleashed a furious stream of hell from his machinegun, dropping enemies left and right, sending the others into cover. Then an enemy technical rolled around a far corner, and turned my friend and the AT guy into meat bits. I made a mad dash for the AT guy's launcher, narrowly avoiding death. I hastily grabed the launcher and sent the steel arrow of fire into the enemy technical. Once the technical blew up, I dropped the launcher and made another dash for the house that had the intel in it, where at the doorstep of the house, I found the dead body of the medic who was in my squad. I felt a deep sinking feeling unlike anything before, the feeling of knowing I was absoulutely f**ked, and it was only worsened by the fact of knowing that I'm being surrounded, and that any friendly support I had, was blown-up, or unavailable. I picked up the intel with a doubt of surviving in the back of my mind. I decided to drop my heavy backpack, and I stuffed my pockets with FAKs[first aid kits]. I ran out the back door, just barely avoing enemy riflemen in the backyard. Then, I made it into a ditch that provided me much needed cover, I followed the ditch all the way to a tree-surrounded compound where I killed the enemy sentry there and took their four-wheeler. I rode out of the combat-zone, swerving like a madman avoiding rocks, gunfire, and everything in-between. Once I made it to an open field, I called for airlift, sat down, and just thought of the five men that were with me, I thought of the last time I ever saw each of their faces, and I felt guilty for not being able to anything to help them, and for making it out of the deathtrap that claimed them. No game has ever given me that feeling or experience before, I wouldn't even call Arma a game, but more of a simulation. Arma is why I stopped playing Battlefield, and even Project Reality. If you truly want the most realistic thing or the game that gets you the closest to actually seeing war, then blow your $60 into Arma 3, and you will not be dissapointed.
game-hours: 964.4
review: Awesome game, Great Graphix, lots of fun
game-hours: 90.3
review: Arma 3 is a very good game and I like the graphics and all the mods you can play.The sounds are very realistic and the game s very realistic.I know the game have some bugs in it but is not a waste of money,it's a good product.I payed that amount of money and now I enjoy. 9/10 Very good job guys.BUY THIS GAME!
game-hours: 747.7
review: Best game ever for me, and one of the reasons for me to start playing on pc
game-hours: 0.1
review: thrfjdetj
game-hours: 4.1
review: this game is awsome
game-hours: 134.5
review: Well... THIS IS THE BEST WAR GAME OUT HERE I play Battlefield CoD but THIS is simply AMAZING!!! This is a war game where you can do ANYTHING!! ITS LIKE GTA AND BATTLEFIELD @ THE SAME TIME LoL Love it
game-hours: 49.7
review: A futureistic shooter with i high learning curve and a very active community.
game-hours: 304.2
review: One of my favourite game, but yeah for that price... i bought it in the Alpha (EarlyAcces) and now it is a really good Tactic-Shooter with some Vehicles and a a great ModSupport, but i think it's still in kinda developingphase, cause there ar so many things they should add, but it's really cool and it's funny to try some things in the MissionEditor.
game-hours: 24.9
review: Best game of the arma Games just need more weapons
game-hours: 341.3
review: was vary fun at first, despite the optimization if u like arma ull love this but arma 2 has alot more guns and stuff. but it dose have a good campaign.
game-hours: 831.0
review: Do you enjoy constant CTD? Get this. It's all it does. Get a good desktop wallpaper, because you're going to be seeing it alot.
game-hours: 263.6
review: move the game, very good detail and im in the military and can say its extremely close. wish we had some of the older weapons still like the AKs and M16 and othe guns because i bet people will still be using those 30 years from now. but over all it is an amazing game and hope that can keep improving to wow me.
game-hours: 608.4
review: ITS A COOL GAME
game-hours: 56.3
review: nice gameplay exelent multiplayer
game-hours: 796.7
review: Awsome game :D
game-hours: 73.2
review: Really great game, or simulator I should say despite the many bugs this game has (which eventually will be worked out), its really fun(if you have a high quality PC if you have a low-end PC you might want to think about upgrading before you purchase it, it's a real CPU eater.). One dislike I have is the over-rated, over-played game modes Wasteland and Altis life but it really isin't the game more like the community itself, its sometimes hard to find a good Realism game mode with a decent amount of players or decent ping, and more guns could be added too (which are) its quite annoying to have to download a mod for a specific firearm. Overall its a great buy, well worth the money
game-hours: 14.3
review: one of my fav games
game-hours: 2156.3
review: gorgeous looking game
game-hours: 12.1
review: Just a quick review. I have played the ARMA series from the beginning, and have also been a massive fan since then, so you will have to fogive my bias.... I'll get to the main points, ARMA is realistic, detailed and strategic in it's game play, not just a run and gun game... I am currently only playing the campaign, but the effort gone into this can be clearly seen, the graphics are intense and the AI are more robust. So far I'm enjoying it :)
game-hours: 16.6
review: A pretty hard simulator to master for someone who is new to the series. It does, however, have an impressive world to explore and battle through but the game suffers from proper teaching (as it is multiplayer-based) so it is quite confusing for me and it has really dissapointing frame-rate performances; even if your rig is overkill. A tough game to recommend but it would be much more enjoyable if the game runs better and is more understandable. + Immersive world + Good teamwork + Very enjoyable if understand - Poor performance - Somewhat hard to play, which links to low framerates A mixed thumbs up
game-hours: 17.4
review: Even in alpha the game looks amazing!
game-hours: 38.9
review: This joint off the chain. It looks sexy and I find it satisfying to play. If you liked arma 2, this is much more fluid and streamlined. It takes time to figure out all the keys cus theres so many, but its because of that which gives this game a unique experience of control and realism. Now that I think about it moving your head independant of your gun doesn't really do much but it feels baller. On top of all that there's a never ending stream of content on the workshop. Theres even a metal gear solid remake.
game-hours: 1080.3
review: Omg, This game is ing amazing.
game-hours: 307.8
review: good game if you can find the right people to play with look for a clan
game-hours: 209.2
review: It's good. Very good.
game-hours: 487.6
review: I really enjoy this game .. Its very intense but makes you appreciate simulators and FPS's.. I have clocked so many hrs into this game that i could have completed real basic training. I recommend you get your friends together for a week of infantry training before you try to break your kill streak record .. This is not Call of duty prepare for the real thing..
game-hours: 267.2
review: Buy Arma 3 just for Altis life, Fantastic graphics, and the real world sandbox of it is awesome, you can pick apples through to dealing drugs and robbing the federal reserve. or you can be a police officer and try and uphold the law.
game-hours: 236.4
review: 184.2 hrs on record, and I still have problems with CAS 10/10, would buy again.
game-hours: 9.6
review: Yes. Just yes
game-hours: 523.9
review: Played it for 2 hours during the Free Weekend! It was amazing! I was speechless at the graphics of the terrain, they were simply unbelievable! I was playing it on my new laptop and i was running easily above 40fps!!! I wish i could buy it but sadly i got no money left from my laptop :( The people playing it we great and supportive. It was slightly harder to handle driving at first but after 20 minutes it was easy! If you are thinking about buying this game and have the money, dont think!!!!!! JUST BUY IT :D !!!
game-hours: 1.8
review: Very good game, just the server listing takes a long time.
game-hours: 3.2
review: l love this game but the problem is l can't spot the emeny also how to aim but any way l love the game ><
game-hours: 12.5
review: ARMA 3 is the most accurate and realistic war game you will ever play. I enjoyed my experience in combat and I felt as if I was really there. BATTLEFIELD has gone straight to the bottom of my favourite games. I must have this game!!!
game-hours: 119.0
review: Mint
game-hours: 305.1
review: this is my most favorite game atm, updated regularly and great people to play with. recomend to anyone.
game-hours: 9.8
review: 10/10 Best Open World, War/Simulator/First Person/3rd Person Haven't played a good Open World Army Simulation sense JOINT OPERATIONS!
game-hours: 0.5
review: Its fun alone and whit friends.
game-hours: 308.8
review: There is no reason to not get this game. If you like Military Shooters, this is the masterpiece you were missing from your collection.
game-hours: 92.9
review: MUCH wow
game-hours: 12.0
review: Fun gameplay, although the game isn't as expansive as i hope'd it to be. Story is nothing special, but i enjoyed most of it. If you are into realistic war simulators this game is a must, although $60 is a bit steep at the moment. If it were on sale anytime, it'd be a good grab.
game-hours: 29.7
review: A must have game in my opinion! GO BUY IT! :D
game-hours: 24.2
review: two words: tactical walk.
game-hours: 339.0
review: 172h played.. Nuff said
game-hours: 25.6
review: AWESOME!!!
game-hours: 327.9
review: awesome game , big improvment from arma 2, much better graphics, runs better even on my dated machine,better guns , better maps ,feels smoother ,great mods for it. Altis life: lots of played interaction (not allways DM). do all manner of stuff to get money.be a drug runner, a bandit holding people up, delivery missions, farm materials, rob banks and federal reserve,be a car theif . spend on guns, cars, choppers, various licenses,become a rebal with access to naughty illigal fire power and cars, most fun iv had playing this mod has been trolling police , getting into car chases , shooting them in the face and taking their stuff or just generaly pissing them off, not played as a cop yet apart from steeling their cars and pretending to be one .. Wasteland: its like battlefield on a massive scale and more in depth. farm for your guns ,cars and supplies, team up or not , make bases. can be really fast paced like battlefield or on larger maps you may need to go find the action. but it now , i heard they gunna run out of copies soon ><
game-hours: 92.3
review: A realistic army sim, not for the kids that enjoy Call of Duty. Bloody amazing though.
game-hours: 1178.2
review: EVERYTHING IS IMPROVED EVERYTHING EXCEPT FOR SOME THINGS MORE THAN OTHERS
game-hours: 1897.6
review: LOVE THIS GAME
game-hours: 99.8
review: Yes
game-hours: 1174.7
review: Most realistic military sim ever created. hands down my most favorite game in the world.
game-hours: 462.0
review: Excellent stuff (if you like this sort of thing, I certainly do). There are so many missions on the Steam workshop that gives this an incredible amount of content to play.
game-hours: 5.7
review: , you pay $60.00 for a game only for it to be 40% off, 3 days later!!
game-hours: 59.8
review: It gets no realer
game-hours: 140.2
review: very good military sim, not as good as Arma 2, but still very good
game-hours: 862.5
review: Yes
game-hours: 131.6
review: One of the best games I have ever played. If you looking for something more than some Bf4 this is the game. I highly recommend this to anyone.
game-hours: 44.6
review: Now when the game finally has gotten some improvements to the framerate... its still JUST playable. Anyone that thinks his got a bad computer should NOT buy this game. It will need the best PC components out there to even get near 60fps. Poorly optimised game, but once you found the settings that works with your computer it can be a fun game. But still the slow movement, stopping while changing weapon is a deal breaker. Im dissapointed that they didnt learn ANYTHING from Arma 2. What i think about the game 1 is worst 5 is best Graphics = 5 Gameplay = 3 sound = 2 Optimised = -3 Playable? Sure when you got the best PC there is to buy and nothing better to do.
game-hours: 345.4
review: First impression - nice graphs, what I mean IT IS EPIC NICE, on the other hand, hard to get familiar with inventory, selection stuff, but all in all it is worth price. ....So only few words about this awsome goodness. Way better than Arma2, if you think your computer can't handle this game. Trust me it can, even if Arma2 were lagging for you. :)
game-hours: 664.1
review: Got this game yesterday and i'm loving it! Theres a variety of things you can do such as campaign, Editor, Multiplayer and lots of user made missions you can download to play!
game-hours: 435.2
review: Best opensand box,shooter,reallife game for PC out there!
game-hours: 1960.9
review: Arma 3 Is a Game like no other, Bohemia Interactive is a one of a kind company aswell! They Treat their Customers with Respect they listen to their fanbase and They dont rip us off infact they let us rip them off lol! But the Arma Series Is amazing And Arma 3 the latest installment is No Acception when Compared to Arma 2 Or Arma 1 This game is just amazing anyone that is looking for a Hardcore Military Simulator Based on the future of warfare (2035ish) The core game is Perfect for you! But since Bohemia Interactive and this games Fanbase are amazing you have thousands of mods at your disposale Arma 2 Combined Operations ( Last Arma with DLC Operation Arrowhead) had mods witch enabled you to expierence the games simulation in WW2 Battles or Vietnamn or the ever now popular DAYZ (Zombie Appoycolypse Survival Simulator pretty much lol) But the mods and the game Give you 100% Freedom to do what you want where you want when you want!
game-hours: 784.2
review: u like tactical gameplay ? Must have !
game-hours: 10.6
review: Has great graphics and extremely realistic. Very good for someone who wants to feel like theyre really there
game-hours: 96.1
review: GOOD
game-hours: 14.7
review: Great game! A little bit buggy as it is in alpha and may have some performance issues but other than that buy this bad boy and get on a wasteland server and shoot people in the face!
game-hours: 1415.7
review: Great Game.
game-hours: 22.8
review: Great military simulator kind of game! AMAZING MULTIPLAYER!!!
game-hours: 2184.6
review: hell yes
game-hours: 73.9
review: really fun, a bit buggy, but not liike dayz buggy.
game-hours: 1119.5
review: Its ArmA
game-hours: 203.3
review: Amazing shooter that actually involves thinking!
game-hours: 93.2
review: ATLIS LIFE IS HECTICCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC
game-hours: 159.2
review: exellent multiplayer shooter with great simulater mechanics however it is practacly run on mods because of its limeted content
game-hours: 33.7
review: Arma 3 is absolutely amazing, from going to intense combat missions to playing Altis Life and becoming a drug dealer(Cocaine and Marihuana my brothers).
game-hours: 165.8
review: Best Military shooter I have played in a long time, it also has a massive game world with more content than all of the shooters released in the last few years combined. It's a must play
game-hours: 276.3
review: best played in first person for sure. the most realistic warfare game hands down. battfield and call of duty are awesome but just not nearly as realistic and the graphics on arma 3 are some of the best I have seen. amazing terrain detail that looks very real. the sounds are also some of the most realistic in a game ever. game is worth every penny.
game-hours: 350.8
review: This game is great. Arma 3 has lots of fully customisable guns, great selection of vehicles, and has great modding potential. It runs with more ease than arma 2. My pc averaged 15 FPS on arma 2 and averages around 28 on arma 3 with the video settings turned up higher. This game also has a great multiplayer setup and you can have a server up in minutes. And the campain is awesome and actually playable Must have. Worth every cent i paid plus some Get it now #DoPE
game-hours: 4.6
review: Always low on ammo. Navigation is horrible. Land mines everywhere. Blown up every 4-5 minutes. Wish I hadn't wasted my money.
game-hours: 485.6
review: da best
game-hours: 540.0
review: this is a very good game
game-hours: 48.1
review: i think this is the beast game i have ever played just buy it now!!!!
game-hours: 24.7
review: BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!
game-hours: 173.8
review: This game needs TONS of work, and a new editor mode that allows you to make decently good maps that will catch an eye of a random player, but the updates are monthly just keep praying for better updates. Also  all of the script hackers, you cant get banned from VAC if your a script hacker in arma 3, its sad to see a half full server have to restart and still have te scriptor in the server after guesses who it is.
game-hours: 77.3
review: TANG HARLEM WHISKEY YANKEE MIKE THEY EVEN HAVE MY TACTICAL VEST IN THIS GAME  THE GOVERNMENT DORNER 4 LYFE LOL :D 10/10?
game-hours: 214.5
review: Wicked game...simply wicked.
game-hours: 511.7
review: i crash helicopter into base, i no care, i luv it
game-hours: 1040.1
review: j
game-hours: 202.7
review: Screw Greece (AAF)
game-hours: 168.0
review: expect a solid peice of interactive software that "mavis beacon teaches typing" fans are sure to enjoy
game-hours: 387.4
review: REALLY GOOD GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 89.3
review: Travel for 15 minutes into combat to be instantly shot dead by a bush 600m to your front. The only game since the original Rainbow Six proven to cause the clinching of a players  (and also mild PTSD). Come for the zeds, stay for the war.
game-hours: 102.0
review: This has been the best SP ARMA yet!
game-hours: 332.8
review: Probably had some of the most fun with this on Wasteland. Totally worth every penny!
game-hours: 112.9
review: Was real turned around when I first got into the game but with finding the editor my eyes are clear and I see the game for the limitless potential it has.
game-hours: 260.5
review: Arma 3 is vastly improved over Arma 2 when it comes to graphics, controls, accessibility and gameplay. Arma 3 draws you in more with the radio comms and isn't as broken and robotic as in Arma 2 and the crosshair is a more generic 4-point crosshair in place of the pistol iron-sight crosshair. There is also no negative mouse acceleration as there was in Arma 2 which broke the game on it's own for me because I found aiming at any range with any sort of accuracy to be a hassle. The one thing Arma 2 does better is vehicles. There are almost no vehicles in Arma 3 when you divide them into their respective categories. There is one jet (which isn't that great), two attack helicopters (only one of which carries AA and the other doubles as a single squad transport), etc. However, with the Steam Workshop integration, finding scenarios is really easy and even fun. It's a one-click installation with the workshop as you would expect and the missions themselves are made more fun by the ability to swim underwater. It gives you more covert options and routes for infiltration, evasion and extraction. You can begin a night op by diving from a Ghost Hawk with a wetsuit and rebreather with a change of gear and weapons in your pack with various sights and supressors that can be added to your weapons depending on the various situations you may encounter with much less space taken up by needing to have whole separate weapons as in Arma 2.
game-hours: 253.6
review: This is an awesome game
game-hours: 440.3
review: recommended to buy great game. great mods
game-hours: 1174.9
review: Excelente simulador militar (Mil Sim)! No h atualmente nada mais real e com imerso que este simulador! Recomendo!
game-hours: 380.3
review: If you are looking for milsim, there is no other to beat this...
game-hours: 144.9
review: Really great game everyone should get it
game-hours: 95.9
review: Epic game such good fun especially if you have played previous arma games
game-hours: 509.1
review: Its fun.
game-hours: 298.1
review: The realism aspect of this game sets it as the defenition of a military simulation. Simulation is defined in this game by both the visuals and gameplay. 10/10 for anyone looking to be fully emerged into a great military simulator.
game-hours: 75.6
review: Ridic
game-hours: 422.0
review: One of the greatest Stratigcal FPS's out there. A really good pick up.
game-hours: 135.0
review: Fun strategy army game, you are basically an one man army. Awesome online gameplay and mods I recommend it (6.5/10)
game-hours: 193.3
review: You don't have to wear pants!!
game-hours: 449.9
review: This game is great I love it. Its cool how you can port jsut about everything form arma 2 to arma 3 and how BIS put were you could change your outfit. A must have!!!!!!!! and the modding coummity is over the top with mods
game-hours: 276.8
review: Not the same, some might like the futuristic appeal but i dont.Not yet.
game-hours: 661.6
review: is cash
game-hours: 44.2
review: Good game from what I can tell :P Need a gaming PC to run it though.. :(
game-hours: 195.8
review: Release disappointment. Campaign disappointment. Bugs disappointment. I upgraded from a quad core at 3ghz to a oct core at 4 ghz and it still has poor performance in cities/fights, irrregardless of graphical settings. The problem is that BIS is getting away with putting out an incomplete game because of dev apologists who instead of recognizing the core issues that BIS has, they apologize it with "modders with add/fix that". So why am I paying for a game that wont be finished until modders have plugged their hard work into free fixes? Why not just get a modding community to make the better Arma? Since they do it outside of the company ANYWAY? The thing is, many, many loyal community members pleaded with BIS to remove the issues Arma 2 had, with Arma 3. But they didn't. I just can't agree with those ethics. I still play Arma 3 because there is nothing like it. But just because there isn't anything like it doesn't mean it is the best it could be. Far from it.
game-hours: 70.9
review: This game is essentially a Military Simulator. If you are a CoD fangirl (there are no CoD fanboys because nobody who plays CoD and loves it can possibly be classified as a fanBOY) then this game is not for you. Seriously. Don't play it. FOR GOODNESS SAKE PLEASE DON'T!! PLEASE I BEG OF YOU!! ALL I EVER WANTED WAS A GAME WHERE THERE ARE NO NINE-YEAR-OLDS WHO CAN'T SPEAK ENGLISH THATCRY IN MY EAR!!! So yeah. ARMA III is an amazing game. For adults. And mature people. Not babies who cry because they're parent's won't buy them ARMA III.
game-hours: 377.6
review: Not for CoD fans.
game-hours: 432.5
review: I have been playing a lot of wastland servers great fun.
game-hours: 117.8
review: Been playing ArmA games since 2006. And before that the old OF. And they continue to be my favourite games of all time. And although ArmA 3 is still in Alpha i can see this game exceeding the previous games, and becoming another great war sim to play for many more years. I'd highly recommend this if you enjoyed ArmA 2.
game-hours: 132.9
review: It's a military sandbox with semi-realistic elements but poorly optimised.
game-hours: 1093.5
review: I love this game and you would too! This game has many in & out of game mods, but my favorite is altis life/Life mod. You will not be disappointed about this game.
game-hours: 81.7
review: Got in, brought a car, flipped it and exploded (used to arma 2) because a guy with only his pants and a shed of dignatiy ran into the road, and i swerved to the right crashing into on going traffic. 10/10 explosion. Get back in, go to the gun store, friend buy me a gun. Get pulled over shot the cop in the face, drive off, crash into a car going on the wrong side of the road, die. 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 2.9
review: The game mwas fun to p[lay it runs perfict on ultra or low grapichs and i think everyone should get it when you have a chance
game-hours: 23.7
review: This game is a great addition to the Arma series. It fits the style of many gamers and has a very memorable feel to the gameplay. Also, the workshop addons are a very great plus. You should pick it up now if you haven't already, it's worth it!
game-hours: 7.0
review: its awesome hands down really fun and even the glitches are funny
game-hours: 255.6
review: I'll be honest with you. I did complain a lot when this game came out, especially since I was used to playing Bohemia Interactive's other games (ARMA, ARMA II, OFP & addons). But after its birth pangs, ARMA III really panned out as an incredible game. Better graphics, incredible editor, and countless of tidbits that make this game as real as it can get as a combat simulator. And it has a healthy addon community that allows you to add everything from different camo & armor, to other vehicles, single player missions, campaigns, etc. With this passionate community, you want to brilliantly recreate conflicts ranging from the Vietnam War to the current conflict between Kurds and the Islamic State. If you are really into modern warfare and every detail of it (logistics, recon, full-spectrum dominance, etc.) then get this game.
game-hours: 80.5
review: One of the best simulation games ever, and even if you don't like simulations, Arma 3 really has a game mode for everyone, and already has provided me some of the most epic moments from any game I have ever played, though the only problem for some people seems to be optimization on more demanding servers, but being someone that does not like paying alot for games, Arma 3 was worth every penny.
game-hours: 520.4
review: An amazing game Even if you are not into war games there is always mods such as epoch and atlis life both are faboulesly amazing, buy this game!
game-hours: 223.3
review: Complaint; Bought the game during last free weekend, on the 50% off sale after playing 23 hours of Arma 3, and didn't receive my game, or my credidentials back. Overall gameplay 9/10 Simulation 10/10 Storefront 1/10
game-hours: 174.9
review: Best Military Sim ever created hands down
game-hours: 90.0
review: Cool just a bit laggy as my pc is full of crap! But it needs some work and fixing!
game-hours: 98.0
review: Go  yourself this games broken do not buy it
game-hours: 571.1
review: AWESOME!
game-hours: 30.5
review: Dont buy it till its fixed....wish i could get a refund
game-hours: 19.4
review: AMAZING!
game-hours: 583.5
review: One of the best games i've ever played! Must buy!
game-hours: 6.6
review: If your tired of playing cod or any unrealistic fps then Arma 3 is the game for you. Ive never played a more realistic fps or milsim game. Arma 3 delivers as the best milsim on the market today. dont wait buy now!!!
game-hours: 85.8
review: The greatest hit on interactive virtual entertainment when it comes to simulation in 2013. Everything you'd expect from a ArmA game/sim and even more. With a lot to put the previous title behind, this instalment goes beyond enough to provide great fun to newcomers and casuals while keeping it's hardcore pace and complexity in the place where everyone who loved it since OPFP always expected. Good things are not imune to failure. Enventhough ArmA III had an above average beta experience, the sandbox/sim launched with a small amount of content, lacking a single player campaing and sevral vehicles. Both of which are being implemented with care. ArmA is being kept with careful post launch development crafting and large community input. No other place is better for this series than it is currently. Especially counting with Steam Workshop, which let's you download and play with a couple of clicks any community made missions available and mods. Loved the first ArmAs or a OPFP veteran looking for immersive simulation combat and combined operations in large scale? This is THE game that will keep you in for years to come. Expect great longevity and steep learning curve with a lot of potential. I can not think of any tactical/estrategic game with better value than this. Better played with friends and/or closed communities.
game-hours: 17.5
review: Love this game when you get in a good server where people work together.....
game-hours: 32.9
review: buy dont even ask just buy
game-hours: 57.2
review: Realistic & beautiful.
game-hours: 48.1
review: Wow! Very impressed with it, far slicker and fluid in movement and in performance. It all just feels right and they have improved upon all the failings I saw with ARMA 2. You can run up a hill now, wheeled vehicles can get up inclines and don't get damaged by nudging a rock and the physics are nice, I'd definitely recommend getting this if you enjoyed Arma 2
game-hours: 58.6
review: Way more fun than ARMA2 but still as realistic as you expect. Long range, slower than normal (for a game) pace, full spectrum war game. Definitely worth it.
game-hours: 124.1
review: Richtig geil fr jeden der Realistischen "Shooter" beziehungsweise Simulationen liebt. und gerne im Team was unternimmt. Grafik ist auch top
game-hours: 24.2
review: Guns n
game-hours: 268.0
review: This game, and all the previous ones, redefine shooter games. Arma 3 creates the most realistic atmosphere I have ever seen in a game. The community makes it all the better as they play to be emersed in the gameplay, which in turn, emerses you into a world where the possibilities are utterly endless. At one point you can be headed to a drop zone in an Orca (or whatever else you use) and the next be pinned down requesting support from the tank unit 2 km from your position.
game-hours: 29.9
review: Awesome GAME 10/10
game-hours: 6.1
review: Arma 3 is probably THE best War/Tactical Simulator. If you only want fast cqc combat, you are going to hate this. But if you like games like Battlefield, your gonna love this!
game-hours: 437.3
review: Best game ever :)
game-hours: 334.2
review: planz trains and runing SIM
game-hours: 584.3
review: Easily worth the price a military simulator with so many options. If you havent played arma before you will find the controls daunting but once you get used to them the game is great. The other issues can be de sync(lag) and low frame rate on some maps. This can make the game frustrating but the good times in this game out weigh the bad unlike some of the big AAA titles over the last few years. The thing about arma games is the longer they are out the better they get because of the community created mods. Arma2 is still a great game which I still play and has a huge following. Some of my favourite Arma3 mods are Wasteland, King of the Hill, Altis life and many more. You arnt really buying a game you are buying countless options and countless gaming sessions. Buy it, this game is on sale often so keep an eye out.
game-hours: 52.2
review: Just get it...
game-hours: 13.0
review: one word awesome
game-hours: 247.1
review: i just have to say ALTIS LIFE . thank you =P
game-hours: 238.0
review: Love this game
game-hours: 255.6
review: This game is worth the $60 many different modes ranging from role-playing, wasteland, king of the hill, breaking point, tatical realism, and many others. This game is also more fun with friends 10/10
game-hours: 31.5
review: fun
game-hours: 753.4
review: Crashes too  often
game-hours: 8.9
review: You can control the weather 10/10 would buy again.
game-hours: 20.1
review: i think it is the best game around and i baught it for how good it is i give it a 100/100 its the best
game-hours: 91.7
review: ER-MA-GURD get this game, cant stop playing, best army simulator, SO FUN GET IT NOW
game-hours: 172.6
review: I love this game!!! It's a very tactical, strategic and realistic shooter with tons of replay value.
game-hours: 91.8
review: I have played the two DLC single player "Survive" and Adapt" and I found them very interesting and enjoyable to play. The first part "Survive" is more an entry level to Arma 3, where you encounter the basic situation of enemy engagement, moving in the wide open territory. hide from enemies. etc. The second part "Adapt" is amazing and brilliant. Some missions have intense firefight and they need careful planning, choosing the right position where to engage enemies. Is more a "guerrilla" style of mission, such as the ofp resistance ones. But the gameplay now has really evolved to something reliable, realistic feeling, but also funny to play. I liked it. In the end I suggest to play the DLC campaign to all tactical gamers, who liked Ghost Recon series, or ArmA series, or maybe also OFP Dragon Rising SP campaign. Especially ArmA 3 "Adapt" DLC contains some missions really epic to play! I liked them a lot. Cheers !
game-hours: 390.3
review: hours of fun ahead
game-hours: 209.2
review: Buy it! Seriously if you already havn't do it now!
game-hours: 27.0
review: it is glitchy alot :(
game-hours: 101.5
review: This is indeed the best FPS on the market. Content in this game is unlimited because of the very well done editor to make a mission exactly as you want it to be. Arma 3 or die ;)
game-hours: 165.8
review: May seam glitchy.... Depends if you've played it then the glitches have practically been removed, if not then enjoy this master piece of HUGE! Multiplayer is awesome not played too much of the single player but presume thats just as good. TIP: Read the many controls before playing otherwise... Game over for you my friend. Overall great game, depends what you're in to.
game-hours: 166.1
review: For me this game runs just fine with a steady 50 to 65 fps. I'm used to playing in 144 fps but that is really not a huge problem. It sadens me that so many people have problems with this game but for me, having played a little bit of everything and loving the campaign so far, it is a must buy IF THE GAME RUNS AS IT SHOULD. I do hope they fix if not all then atleast some of the issues and that they add more content so that more players can and want to experience and play this awesome game. My PC is equipped with GTX 670 ftw edition x2 (SLI). So if you do have these graphic cards running windows 7 Pro 64bit with latest updates and everything this game should work for you. Not two pc:s are exactly identical even with the same specs so best thing is to buy the game when it's on sale and with luck it works as good as it does for me or even better.
game-hours: 290.0
review: Yes.
game-hours: 10.9
review: needs dayz
game-hours: 90.0
review: very fun spend alot of time on this
game-hours: 51.6
review: best game ever
game-hours: 8.1
review: The best ARMA so far, but it is still quite clunky as a game. The AI is sooo much better than the previous versions. I wished DayZ would have used the ARMA 3 engine. Good graphics!
game-hours: 1057.3
review: An Excellent Combat Simulator.
game-hours: 82.8
review: A ton of fun, they have fixed so much since ArmA 2. CQB stuff feels fanstastic, the visuals are incredible, aircraft handle much better now, I couldn't recommend this game more to anyone who likes serious FPS or military simulators. My only complaint is that it really needs to be optimized better for multiplayer. A fantastic mil-sim game that doesn't get so bogged down in simulation that it looses its accessibility. A blast to play and a great team game.
game-hours: 122.8
review: i love this game so much there is soo much to do on it with all the workshop and gamemodes there is a endless time i well play this game.
game-hours: 640.3
review: This game is really cool it is about military simulation if you get shot you got shot not like cod there is a gamemdoe where you can be a cop or a robber or a terrost or a civilian and you can do whatever you want its very fun you got tazers and realistic graphics
game-hours: 481.5
review: Arma 3 on it's own is not something that unique and great BUT if you try some of the mods out there such as Altis life you're gonna freaking love it.Worth every penny.
game-hours: 27.6
review: Pretty fun!!
game-hours: 364.2
review: Arma3 is a perfect military training software, infantry helmets,vests protective area and close to the real level of protection, the picture quality is the killer hardware level,Arma3 provide simulation training for military infantry skills training, I love Arma3. -Kerry Yang
game-hours: 616.7
review: A great game
game-hours: 631.6
review: lalalatatatata
game-hours: 383.6
review: This game is very entertaining Altis life is just so much fun
game-hours: 692.3
review: 10/10 Best game for players that love tema work!!!!!!!
game-hours: 863.4
review: .
game-hours: 69.5
review: This game is amazing! So fun and unlike any other game. I highly recommend purchasing it, well worth 60 dollars.
game-hours: 91.7
review: cool game :)
game-hours: 62.0
review: Shot down a helicopter with lightning as Zeus. 1/0
game-hours: 75.1
review: An amazing sandbox full of custom missions which would never make you bored.
game-hours: 274.9
review: So fun :D Favorite game when writing this review
game-hours: 121.8
review: Alot of fun if you like role playing servers :D ;)
game-hours: 151.9
review: This games is hours of fun. You can do simple missions all the way to complex missions or create your own. The game has a Steam Workshop to create and share missions with other people.
game-hours: 400.4
review: A beautiful game. Design and graphics wise, and not to mention more realism than outside your window.
game-hours: 562.7
review: Epic
game-hours: 88.6
review: Best atmosphere I've ever played in. Also quite realistic. Thumbs up.
game-hours: 768.4
review: If you like simulation and realizm I highly recomend this game, it has the ablitly to keep you immersed for hours. Other than a few bugs that have slowly been fixed one after another the game runs very smooth. A great game give it a 9.5 out of 10. (Game was made for addons and mods I recomend those too for a complete experence)
game-hours: 94.3
review: Highly recommended for serious tactics-gamers. Lightyears away from more or less "arcade-games" like Battlefield 3, COD etc. Even as an Alpha-Release its already a great game with really benchmarking features in tactics, gameplay and suspense. As the subtitle says: "This is war" - or at least something very similar.
game-hours: 22.3
review: Absolutely great buy. I wasn't into Arma 2 that much as I bought it just for DayZ, but this game was something else. I got into Arma 3 very easilly even with some of the complex controls. I love the campaign as it is even though it is still going. THe player comunity is great to interact with and the game delivers. Good buy.
game-hours: 87.6
review: The Ultimate Military Sandbox Game in this Planet, Galaxy, UNIVERSE!!!
game-hours: 302.3
review: A solid upgrade from its predecessor (Arma 2), the new movement system is outstanding and a really great edition to the game, the new engine really brings the maps to life, espically at night time, more enterable buildings then ever before makes for better gameplay and more care taken when clearing towns/buildings, once the mods that made A2 so great come across and get upgraded this game will be complete, BIS ADD A BIPOD FOR CHRIST SAKE!
game-hours: 228.2
review: As buggy as the beta still is (as you'd expect), this game has been more fun and engaging than any other new game I've played in the past 3-5 years. I almost never get to say this, but I am actually looking forward to the full release.
game-hours: 166.7
review: Best Game in the history of my life
game-hours: 316.7
review: In my opinion, you have to take your ARMA 3 experience into your own hands. If you plan on buying a military simulator packed with elaborate official content, you may be dissapointed. I have played ARMA 3 since Alpha and I did not enjoy the game at all on my own. On the few occasions when I had the chance to play with friends and make custom editor scenarios with them no matter how stupid or complex we could make them to our abilities, ARMA 3 was an amazing time for us. In my opinion, the addition of the workshop is invaluable to ARMA 3, because you can upload your own or download other custom scenarios and have a new experience every day. I truly admire the abilities of the ARMA 3 workshop and modding communities as they go far beyond simply experimenting with the editor, they take the game's source code and compile entirely new maps, vehicles, character models, weapons, you name it. So my verdict is if you plan on buying ARMA 3, at least experiment with the creative tools it provides and defenitley explore the workshop and modding communities reguarly and you will have a new experience each time you play. Having friends to play and develop custom missions or just plain stupid fun with is an experience I have yet to have in games outside of ARMA. As always too, make sure your PC meets at least the minimum requirements of ARMA 3, although surpassing these standards is probably better. ARMA 3 is very large scale and sometimes you can expect multiple events or battles all occuring simaltaneously with large player counts. It would be dissapointing to constantly have serious frame rate drops on these large scale game modes or events.
game-hours: 59.2
review: oooooooooooooo
game-hours: 52.3
review: This game is epic! Highly recommended!!
game-hours: 290.5
review: My most anticipated releas eof the year! After being an Arma 2 junkie for years this fulfills my wishes and brings the Arma series to the modern age, also I have to add that this game is probly the most beutiful game i've seen to date. Highly Modable, sandbox, multiplayer experiance. 10 out of 10 !
game-hours: 2.8
review: not even realistic where are the killstreaks
game-hours: 95.2
review: This game is growing so fast and the mods add a ton of new gameplay.....a must buy to be part of a great community
game-hours: 32.5
review: ArmA but genuinely fun rather than something you put up with because it's the only thing like it. This is great.
game-hours: 26.2
review: Amazing hardcore sim with realstic fighting.
game-hours: 140.3
review: not sure wether to say yes or no really... i mean, i have arma 2 and play it ALOT, and i like the new graphic yadda, yadda, yadda... but i dont like how hard it is to convert if you play arma 2... yaknow? being use to bullets hitting their marks from an assult rifle from 150 meters away... also some button and vehicles are just wierd and provide no cover at all... u.s. military would never use them... on the topic of vehicles by the way, WHERE THE **** ARE THE HUMVEES AND HU-1Ys?!?!?!?! sorry but i dont have my good chopper or cars... instead i get moon rover crap and guns i never even heard of... i will stick to arma 2 for now and i hope for more modern stuff later in devolpment...
game-hours: 41.6
review: Bloody brilliant, muchly improved from arma 2 - quite superb combat sim
game-hours: 380.5
review: Its Next-Gen.
game-hours: 23.3
review: An awsome war simulator with an editor that creates unlimited possibilities.
game-hours: 188.7
review: Great game! Very realistic and more simulator like combat FPS. Better than most FPS shooters!
game-hours: 1154.1
review: great game
game-hours: 192.6
review: Arma 3 improves on its prececessor in nearly every imaginable way. True to Arma form, there are bugs and glitches and some graphical elements are a bit wonky, but the gameplay is substantially improved, the graphics for such a large scale are excellent, and the community is great. With DayZ going standalone, and Arma 2 maps imported into Arma 3, I can't think of any reason at all to go back to Arma 2. A great improvement in the series and the crown jewel of military simulation.
game-hours: 25.8
review: Arma (3) is not the typical shooter you would imagine. It is way more then that. The really cool thing about Arma is that its trying to simulate a real war scenario. That does not really work obviously , because its a game. The reason why i still recommend this game to everyone , is because it is still a really well made game. The amount of time , fun , effort , realism , roleplaying and strategy you can put in this game is endless. People always come up with new and really cool scenarios like sniping , infantry combat , underwater combat , mechanized infantry combat , air combat and so many more things you can put in front of combat :P :D. Turning that around , you also have a really good editor to develop your own missions and scenarios. This game is awsome , and everybody whos looking for something new and good : TAKE IT! :)
game-hours: 4.6
review: Is gud.
game-hours: 522.0
review: Best game ever! So much fun!
game-hours: 15.4
review: I would reccomend it its a brilliant game, not alot of bugs that i could see and the mods and dlc's that come with it are boss
game-hours: 15.2
review: dece free copy plz
game-hours: 46.9
review: You will have to look far for a bether modern military shooter, if you can get over the bad interaction menu
game-hours: 274.3
review: Quite an amazing game. Definitely one of the most realistic milsims out there that isn't marketed towards people that are actually in the military. (VBS2/3). Definitely not everyone's cup of tea, and community is pretty harsh on former COD fans, but once they realize that you hate COD you're welcomed. Still, many tactical units out there, and some amazing community members that do amazing work.
game-hours: 279.4
review: awesome game
game-hours: 234.9
review: I finally have a computer that will run this game. It is so fun! From Battle Royale to Fighting against AI on 7th Cav server you wont be dissapointed.
game-hours: 17.4
review: This game is great. do anything you want on two massive maps and litterally anything from flying jets and killing enemies from 1000m away with a Cheytac you can do it
game-hours: 1580.6
review: Very Good, many killS
game-hours: 582.5
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 253.4
review: Great than ever!!!
game-hours: 835.4
review: Love the game besides some server lag when you play online
game-hours: 563.1
review: This game is worth way more than $60. When I buy a game I think that every dollar should act as an hour of fun, I have over 150 hours on this game and I do not plan to stop playing anytime soon. The free roam is better then anyother game I have played/watched. You can be anything... A plain rifleman, you can be a sniper, a diver, you can wear a ghillie suit and have silenced weapons, a drone operator, a tank operator, a platoon commander/squad leader, and so much more. There are also great community game modes such as: "Benny's Warfare", "King of Hill", and so much more. This game will fit any kind of playstyle you have. The realism is truly amazing, the only bad thing: You need a good graphics card to truly experience the beauty of Arma 3.
game-hours: 3.7
review: Pretty good, if you like a half broken game.
game-hours: 224.1
review: Realism enthusiasts regroup! This game is very immersive, to make you feel like you are in a war, a simulator. Call of Duty and Battlefield players, feel free to join and man up!
game-hours: 430.8
review: Where lambs become lions...
game-hours: 416.4
review: Spent the whole day after i bought this playing it, the wasteland mode is my favorite, all out pvp. Highly recommend this game to anyone who like war games.
game-hours: 44.4
review: Arma3 is a great experience of real battlefield, with all the advantages and disadvantages.
game-hours: 7.8
review: This game is great the only thing tere is alot of controls but the graphics are amazing I really like the showcase mode. i play very often I got thegame in December and I love the game now. You should play a bunch of people play it you should to. (The game is like 60 dollars)
game-hours: 180.1
review: Dont ever buy this game you cant get into a single online sever.
game-hours: 18.5
review: Finally found a wargame I like as much as the original Operation: Flashpoint!
game-hours: 248.1
review: A huge step from its predecessor, ArmA III offers the ultimate war simulation of our current time. The graphics will blow you away and with stellar combat driven gameplay powered by Bohemia Interactive's latest engine Real Virtuality 4 the animation are as smooth as it gets. With the largest map of any video game ever made, Altis, gives you plenty of new open ground to conquer and new combat adventures and missions to explore. A variety of weapon attachments and vehicles to drive will be made available, with new things being added monthly, you can't go wrong with what is being called the greatest war simulation money can buy.
game-hours: 64.2
review: greswdgwserg
game-hours: 55.1
review: One of the best FPS shooters out there, you will love this especially if you love military simulators. Think America's Army 3 but on a planetside 2 scale multiplied by 5. The game requires quite the powerhouse of a computer though mostly due to the scale and insane level of detail. Deffinitly take a look into this!
game-hours: 6.1
review: Don't take the graphics for granted. This game is HARD.
game-hours: 23.8
review: The only thing you need to know about playing Arma 3 is that no matter what you do the game plays like . All Arma games play like , it is a physics law. Whether you have a i7 with SLI 780's or a 8350 with Xfired 7970's, this games your FPS will change more than peoples opinions on Ben Affleck being Batman. PROS: Workshop +++ Replayability Open Map (a little empty though) Engaging Campaign (So far) Intelligent Difficulty (unlike Arma 2) CONS: The Game engine Need for tweaking for a remotely SOLID 60fps Stupid animations The inventory system The designers made stupid choices on vegetation popping again rather then building a sound game. FINAL COMMENTS: I LOVE ARMA 3.... BUT I BELIEVE IF SOMEONE MADE A BOT FILLED GIANT CTI MOD FOR JUST CAUSE 2. Then I have no need to play Arma at all.
game-hours: 36.8
review: this is a really great game if your in to the realizam of millitary from your home
game-hours: 17.1
review: This game's engine is so inefficient, one might wonder what the developers have been doing for the last several years. I would recommend it for the hardcore military-sim lovers, but for anyone else who plays video games for entertainment - I would not. I have a GTX 780, the game is installed on a 500/500 SSD, and I have a formidable 3770k intel processor. The game gets around 15fps on average, occasionally hitting 30 when I look at the ground. Its unacceptable for a game that is no longer in beta.
game-hours: 225.7
review: Very fun game for people who like military simulator style games. Got some bugs, but still worth it.
game-hours: 18.9
review: game is awesome! takes a while to get used to, but definitly worth it!!
game-hours: 551.6
review: Love it though I will admit, it still needs working on, the biggest issue for me is the bug where your clips disapear apon logging back in while you're on Dayz Breaking Point for this game. "Mod by the way" not the stand alone.
game-hours: 164.2
review: Arma 3 is an amazing game with an amazing community. Beat the campaign and the showcases? You can go over to the workshop and download some more maps. Want to play a map made by you? Hop on to the mission editor and make the mission however you want, and if you want to, post it on the workshop. The game itself has amazing combat mechanics, accurate portrayal of real firefights, and can provide hours of amazing fun.
game-hours: 41.5
review: The best game evaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarr ;)
game-hours: 16.4
review: One of the greatest games ever
game-hours: 144.2
review: Most realistic shooter in the world. The best game I have ever played by far. It is very different from arma 2, but the main concept is still there. It may take some time to get used to the controls and keys, but it is worth it.
game-hours: 48.3
review: Along with the serious military aspect of it, the customization can lead to some pretty wide ranges of fun with friends. However, it is more fun to play with friends. Single-player isn't much fun if you don't know what you're doing. 7/10
game-hours: 204.7
review: Loved the arma 2 and am loving this even more, great game and has lots of modabilaty
game-hours: 209.9
review: The game is a beautiful Piece of art many times the size of the skyrim province. Arma 3 has a few genres incorporated for our entertainmentbut the two main are Military simulator and flight simulator, Personally, since finishing the campaign i have been playing the dead nation mod and im totally immersed. more so than skyrim. more so than any game ive played. its worth its money and even better if you get it when its on sale. if you cant wait then look around for a cheaper new sealed hard copy on amazon. Its hard to be good at this game so bad losers beware :-)
game-hours: 50.4
review: Thought you could be a soldier? Think again! ARMA 3 throws the player into a near realistic shooter designed to test the best of gamers. A honourable challenge to any and all.
game-hours: 10.9
review: This is a really good FPS and simulator that allows you to create your own mission and play as one of the soldiers.
game-hours: 344.5
review: One of THE best shooters being released this year.
game-hours: 491.2
review: Great Game Id Pay $100 for this! its a must buy if you like real life type shooters.
game-hours: 74.1
review: Fences OP 10/10
game-hours: 116.8
review: It's really good i love it the community is great :D
game-hours: 531.3
review: I love this game so hard.
game-hours: 65.3
review: bad
game-hours: 220.1
review: I really really love this game but i cannot play the new campaign! *SPOILERS* i cannot play the mission in which The player and his squad return to maxwell after it has been deimated by AAF. When i TRY to start the next oe, it simply says "Two hours later". The "Two hours later" fades away but the mission itself never starts. This is extremely annoying for me and i know its just my game not everyone elses but if anyone knows how to fix this could you reply here? Thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1920.5
review: I've been playing the Arma3 alpha and I've got to say I really do like this game.
game-hours: 113.2
review: Arma extremely fun, has a lot of mod-ability, and good fun with friends with a lot of coop action. I'm glad I bought it as early as Alpha, and has offered hours of fun. However, this game is clunky. Almost furiously clunky. They take all this time to design a great concept for a game, create all the content of Arma 3 and develop this game. The only problem is, they built it on an out dated and really bad engine. At times, I cannot help but ask myself why. Like why can't I move while switching weapons. Or why everytime I move it's just delayed. Even my relatively powerful computer can barely run this game with 30 frames when theres some action. Don't get me wrong, it's still a fun game. I really enjoy it, but it's like Arma 2's engine with A LOT more content that it can barely handle, and it's pretty easy to tell.
game-hours: 51.9
review: As close to a military sim you can get while still able to provide buckets of fun! The guns and vehicles feel nice as does the general movement. This great game is also bolstered by a bright and very dedicated modding community that has definitely improved the game itself! If you like something more hardcore than your usual shooters but still want to have some fun, this is a game to get!
game-hours: 29.0
review: Not really serious about playing this, got it for just $10 in a sale & only really play it for the graphics. Very demanding game really need to get into it more.
game-hours: 544.9
review: Brilliant, it is not without bugs, but it is a brilliant military simulator!
game-hours: 72.6
review: amazing!
game-hours: 57.1
review: This is a review coming from a hardcore COD player. Don't get me wrong I love playing COD but its the same thing every match with the same game types. I wanted something I could play it smart and be very tacticle. No running and gunning. If you are looking for a game where multiplayer matches would be short and crazy, this is not it. Multiplayer is a whole other monster in ARMA. Single player is fun, the campaign is cool and dlc is awesome. Playing missions online is soo fun and communication is pretty much required. Special gamemodes online add a Garry's Mod element to it allowing for something different. Though I haven't had much time to play it it hasnt felt like I have even scratched the surface. It's a different shotter, you really are the soldier.
game-hours: 387.0
review: Great game! Still a few bugs in it, but it works fine. Perfomance: 7/10 (compared to ARMA II) Graphics: 10/10 (Great graphics! I love the PIP function) Sound 3/10 (JSRS 2.0 recommended)
game-hours: 937.6
review: .
game-hours: 341.6
review: Absolutly amazing for team play. Great tactical game... Expecially with friends.
game-hours: 122.2
review: I bought the game during beta and i really have enjoyed playing and watching this game progress. I have had no troubles and i have really enjoyed to underwater aspect!
game-hours: 256.8
review: This game is fun with friends, look for the Island life modand the "takistan life" server for goofing around and 7th cav servers for tatical military Players vs AI fun
game-hours: 88.9
review: If you're into games that challenge you in a realistic combat environment, I don't see why you don't own this already. Whether you're into infantry combat, armored/mobile gameplay, special forces, marine/amphibious warfare, or combat aircraft - it has it all. And it has it all good.
game-hours: 294.6
review: Awesome game!!
game-hours: 148.8
review: Great MilSim, love it.
game-hours: 273.3
review: Takes ever aspect of ArmA 2 and improves it. This game is the embodiment of everything that makes PC gaming great: Huge open-ended missions. Enormous sandbox maps. Great visuals. Buckets of content. Fully moddable with a thriving mod community. Developers that listen. (Sad that this needs to be pointed out) And the first DLC is free.
game-hours: 41.1
review: this is a really fun game, if you liked arma 2 you will enjoy thing game a lot =P
game-hours: 9.1
review: Some say Arma III is too hardcore, some claim it to be #1 bug simulator, but nevertheless it's the most well-made, most realistic warfare simulator. 1. Controls There is little difference between the controlls of Arma II and its precessor. However, some changes were made, like controlling your character's position with Ctrl.+W/S. It is often mentioned that the game is too hard to play due to its controls, but what else can be done? It's a simulator, not an ordinary FPS. 2. Graphics The visual part of Arma III is also state-of-the-art. Various effects like PIP (Picture In Picture), shadows regulation, textures' quality will leave you pleased. 3. Difficulty Level The difficulty is the thing that scares most newbies. "It's not like CoD/BF/MoH!", they shout. And they are right. Yes, it's hader than most FPS, but after a week or two you will be playing it like a pro! Conclusion Arma III may not be action-driven, it may have some bugs, but it's the most realistic war experience you'll ever get without the need of going to the army.
game-hours: 8.1
review: love it!
game-hours: 52.2
review: Great game some bugs but nothing that breaks the game, recommend to anyone who likes hardcore army games.
game-hours: 95.9
review: It's like real life! only slightly less buggy.
game-hours: 37.9
review: One of the best shooting RPG Games i have played.
game-hours: 818.3
review: This is an Amazing Game guys!
game-hours: 116.0
review: Really good game, but didn't have a chance to enjoy in it due my PC is to weak. If you like realisam , definatly a game you should try.
game-hours: 181.7
review: must have this in your game! best multiplayer first person or 3rd person! grab it now
game-hours: 12.1
review: ARMA 3 so far is basically ARMA 2 except buggier, prettier, worse, ran better, and with less mods. Its... a confusing cocktail of less 2 steps back 1 step forward, and more 2 steps to the left, 4 forward, and then a crip walk in a circle. It has all of the makings of an excellent game I just hope that the success of DayZ has left them with enough staff to worry about fixing this game up like they did with ARMA 2.
game-hours: 450.4
review: Good game, they really have improved from Arma 2.
game-hours: 770.3
review: Following on from Arma 2 alot to improve and fix, but still a good game.
game-hours: 66.4
review: The epitome of military simulation. Hone your skills then apply to an online community for some of the most immersive military gaming imaginable!
game-hours: 225.8
review: Best Military Simulation know for the consumer market to date 9/10.
game-hours: 272.8
review: True to the series, a real improvement, unlike many other franchises. Would buy again :)
game-hours: 18.5
review: Massive Improvement since the last game which I've been playing for about 4 years.
game-hours: 343.7
review: I love this game! So many different ways to play this game whether its a modded rpg or a survival apocalypse this game, in my opinion, is the best game to get if you want to download mods for it.
game-hours: 278.2
review: one of the best game ever made 10/10
game-hours: 85.9
review: Arma 3 will kick any COD or BF player straight in the privates if you try any of that "Run and Gun" BS. From being a long time Battlefield fan from PS3 to PC, Arma was a change of pace for me. I got sucked into DayZ for Arma 2 and never turned back. When I saw Arma 3 coming out I knew I had to pick it up, Better Graphics, Gameplay, Map, just better everything. Some do say that the parralax on the ground is annoying or the way the clouds spin with you a certian way but in all honesty, the game is some of the most fun ive had with a hyper-realistic military sandbox. Very well made besides a few bugs but thats something that just kinda comes with a game of this size.
game-hours: 476.4
review: Delivers one of the best rp servers.
game-hours: 98.0
review: Besides the lights shining through mountains, this game is epic. By far one of the best sandbox simulators i have ever come accross. So much smoother than Arma 2, Arma 3 has the ability to make you forget you are in a game.
game-hours: 167.8
review: Unoptimised.
game-hours: 608.4
review: All my hours are on altislife and this game is so fun. you need to buy it
game-hours: 909.2
review: Great game, well worth the money I paid for it. I would recommend this game to every one of my friends...
game-hours: 395.5
review: EXELLENT I LOVE ALTIS LIFE!
game-hours: 40.0
review: me want
game-hours: 44.4
review: Trained combat operators with the cardio of obese 3rd graders. 11/10.
game-hours: 420.4
review: Very good game. Love it!!
game-hours: 285.6
review: Very realistic and has verstaile module options. A very realistic military fps/3rd person simulation game.
game-hours: 129.0
review: a gorgeous hiking simulator.
game-hours: 61.9
review: ING RIP OFF ITS SAYS YOU NEED 4GB RAM AND I HAVE THAT AND WHEN I PLAY THIS GAME ONLINE I GET ING WORST FPS EVER DONT BUY
game-hours: 214.0
review: Fun but desync is bad
game-hours: 469.0
review: One of the be sim u can ever play.
game-hours: 45.2
review: Fantastic game, great graphics, not too taxing on system resources, great ai, and provides an unsurpassed level of emersion. ARMA 3 truely is the closest you can get to real combat from your PC.
game-hours: 280.1
review: Best Military SIM out!
game-hours: 58.3
review: play this you
game-hours: 1035.1
review: Well.. I would wait for Version 2.0 . When I was writing this, it is 1.12
game-hours: 206.8
review: If you are a fan of the Arma series, there is really no reason NOT to get Arma 3. Me myself are a fan of the Arma series, and figured that a review would be in order. However, I found it hard to write a propper review, so I kind of made a list of... words instead. I hope someone out there will find it helpfull. Let me tell you what I think are the pros/cons for this game: + Beautiful graphics! + A Unique gameplay experience! + TONS of mods! - Requires good/decent hardware - Sometimes the servers are laggy, causing desync - Strange bugs occasioanlly happen Things that can be either positive or negative in your own opinion: * Steep learning curve - It's hard, like... Really hard * The price - You should probably not buy it unless you KNOW that you will like it * Communication is key, better keep your mic ready! Frequently asked questions - Is this game for everyone? A: No. Only get it if you know you will have a good time with it. And make sure that you (almost) can run it. - What hardware would be ideal for running this game? A: You need a good CPU. Intel is prefered, but AMD works too. Me and a large group of Arma players would recemend you to get a good i5. For the graphics, this game does not require an insanely expensive graphic cards. I personally would not go lower than a GTX 660 or AMD 7850, but feel free to get a better graphic card if you can. - I have a good computer but still low FPS? A: First of all, if anyone in the world can run this with a steady 120 FPS, you are either a wizard, or a really mad wizard. However, you can fiddle around with the video settings, somewhere around high/very high seems to work great for me. Also there are lots of guides of how to increase the FPS via the Arma 3 launcher options, google it! - Do I need to overclock to run this game? A: No, no and no! Only overclock if you are a wizard. No but seriously, only overclock if you know what you are doing. Sure, overclocking can increase the performance for games, but it should not be needed in order to run the game, in my opinion. You would not trim your car, just to be able to finally do 100 Km/h, right? No you would not. If you wanted to do 100 Km/h you would make sure that your mum gave you a car that were able to in the first place. - When is this FAQ over? A: now. So some final words. All of the statements I made in this "review" is pretty much the same as the other Arma games in the series. You pretty much know what to expect, both the good parts and the bad ones. Hopefully some new Arma players can find this guide worth reading! I thanks you for your time, - Clippy out!
game-hours: 77.4
review: awesome!!!!
game-hours: 403.8
review: Can be much better........Great ideas.............Needs much improvement..............Ah yea the AI........Little joksters they are.......They just don't like dieing.............
game-hours: 104.1
review: A really interesting sandbox. Basically build a story on your own, or play other player-made maps... Includes normal deathmatch, coop story games and anything that can be made with your imaginations(requires some level of programming though) Only for those who are willing to learn how to play and not just point and kill, like counter-strike. Recommend to play as a group.
game-hours: 179.7
review: its a great game if you can overlook the bugs and the desync... i would recomend hopping into a atlis life server then go and make some in game money and make some new friends and have fun! its a really realistic game but ill have to give it 8.27/10 only because its buggy :( but if you overlook the bugs its 9.75/10 on my books!
game-hours: 22.5
review: Fun Game
game-hours: 266.5
review: great game so many hours of fun with friends, this game gives the feeling of real combat and how it simulates that, great work on this game.
game-hours: 83.8
review: Been stuck on it for 35 hours.
game-hours: 701.9
review: amazing
game-hours: 146.6
review: This game is plain amazing. It will give you countless hours of gameplay hours to play with your friends or even by yourself. There is workshop support/many mods that add new scenarios everyday. The developers are also constantly working on this and they come out with a major update about every month that adds even more hours. There is a singleplayer campaign that will probably last around ten hours(I'm not sure about this) with a great story that helps you get to understand the game in more depth. The multiplayer has tons of servers and tons of players with a bunch of different amazing modes. 10/10 Superb game that will last you forever.
game-hours: 61.2
review: the best but make it for mac plzzzz
game-hours: 448.1
review: great game.
game-hours: 85.4
review: They make you buy the game for $60 then they global bann because you hacked, but i never even downloaded anything for this game to even tey to hack it, and tell you that you have to buy the game again to play online and they can't unban you i strongly do not recommend this game because of its fraud factor.
game-hours: 276.8
review: This is now my favorite game, congrats to Bohemia Interactive!
game-hours: 10.2
review: Come on; two guys went to JAIL to make this, literally. This game is awesome in every way aside from the amazing difficulty wall.
game-hours: 570.7
review: This game is sweet, I love playing it and have invested way to much time in it :P. Oh well, my recommendations... Step up your gamer level with Arma 3!
game-hours: 183.3
review: Once your online in a altis or stratis life server and you have like friends with millions of dollars, It gets really fun but before that its still fun to start earning money and the campaign is bull otherwise the game is good
game-hours: 35.0
review: Best FPS game i ever played just buy it and see for yourself
game-hours: 1141.8
review: Great game, I absolutely love the Altis life mod
game-hours: 87.4
review: Arma 3 is the first game i wanted to buy after completing my computer. I have had previous experiences on a xbox 360 console but this is the first shooter i have ever played on a pc, and it is the shiz. Arma 3 has a relatively easy learning curve that can get you mashing the right controls within a few hours of playing it. THERE WILL BE TIMES WHEN YOUR FPS WILL DROP DOWN QUITE A BIT, EVEN IF YOU ARE RUNNING TOP OF THE LINE GRAPHIC CARDS, but regardless it is in my opinion a outstanding game. Is it worth the money?!?!?! huh CowboySandwich? If you are a Arma noob like me YES it is, but if your returning to Arma don't take my word for it, like I said before Regardless it is a good game. You will spend a ungodly amount of your time playing this game. 10/10
game-hours: 5.0
review: Flight Suposedly has hotas and rudder pedle support but you need to asign everything yourself and then the controll is eather jumpy or intermitently unresponsive. rudderpedles are usles 1/2 the time game thies to map stuff to trackir. Ground many intreactive items spontaniously become non interactive. entering a veicle before being told to will caus mission failure. If your wallet is 60 dollars to heavy this is the game for you.
game-hours: 266.9
review: Does anyone know how or if you can change your player ID? If I reinstall the game will this change or not?
game-hours: 74.4
review: This game is all about tactics and fallowing orders great game if you can combine thoose 2 if not go play cod or bf where things are much more simple this game is a simulator.
game-hours: 210.3
review: People need to get this game
game-hours: 84.7
review: This game is  over uses the cpu and ing crashes all the time dont ing buy this so much money for a not fun hogging cpu piece of !!
game-hours: 1.1
review: Why would anyone play this broken boring game just saw Inside Gaming play this so funny how bad it is do not pick this game up i got it at the free weekend thing and now i will not buy this very boring better off playing chaser.
game-hours: 208.5
review: This game is so much fun! The multiplayer has such an active modding community that there is always something new to try! I have spent countless hours playing the Arma series in general, Well done Bohemia! 10/10
game-hours: 3.8
review: idk what im doing 13/10
game-hours: 25.8
review: This is simply the closest you will ever come to actually going into combat, Love it!
game-hours: 43.8
review: Walking Simulator 11/10
game-hours: 83.5
review: Just Yes, Yes
game-hours: 18.7
review: I've played alot of Arma2. but Arma3 is nothing like that, its much more smooth. And epic graphic !
game-hours: 50.9
review: Arma3 together with ACE/ACRE and more content (from A2) will be the perfect game
game-hours: 356.8
review: It is awesome. It has a fun storyline as well as single player. Multiplayer is a great to. I highly recomend it.
game-hours: 70.9
review: I really like the realism of the game. The controls are difficult to learn but once you get used to it you will like the game.
game-hours: 359.6
review: A completely realistic depiction of real world combat in the near future. Hurhur. As with any BI title, ArmA 3 is a slow burn game that the community will collectively fix and improve far beyond the scope of the original release. If you're at all into warfare simulation and kinda-realism, this is the apex of the genre for the foreseeable future.
game-hours: 145.5
review: be a man and play this game quit all other FPS nonsense you're up to THIS IS THE REAL DEAL
game-hours: 124.8
review: Simply amazing!!! so many mods etc with steam workshop, and breaking point............my god!!! bye dayZ
game-hours: 37.9
review: I love this game and especially the sniping (of course) and its just awesome to talk to your spotter and taking down targets.
game-hours: 607.0
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 1.5
review: Would really love this game
game-hours: 16.0
review: Any1 have a spare copy im looking for 1. Thank You
game-hours: 184.3
review: This is an awesome game, totally reccomend it for everyone. So many mods, so much to do.
game-hours: 165.7
review: Buggy as hell getting stuck and having to respawn constantly gg
game-hours: 61.0
review: I launched a beachead with fighters and stuff It was cool
game-hours: 988.6
review: Better Linux support please
game-hours: 889.4
review: ArmA 3 is clearly a step forward compared to ArmA 2. Interesting new mechanics and more smoother gameplay compared to the previous game. But still, this game could be complete  because all the bugs and d-sync. But all of the creative people who have made many interesting mods and missions make this game such a masterpiece. I have spent so much time playing this game. The community of this game is the best I have seen so far. ArmA 3's playerbase is like one big family. But then there are the s, but they are kinda rare nowadays. This game has made me laugh and cry so many times because the bugs and some epic and stupid moments. The only bad thing I say about this game is that it is getting less realistic compared to ArmA 2. ArmA 2 has mods that make it a REAL mil-sim. This game is more like slow-paced open world BF with some realistic stuff. I rate this game 8/10.
game-hours: 274.8
review: The closest thing to being in a real war, except you can fight this one sitting on a comfy chair eating hamburgers. Realistically modelled grass gets in your way when you lie down, which I never really thought about until playing this game. 5 stars!
game-hours: 271.4
review: awesome game! no run and gun here. only strategic teamwork.
game-hours: 5.4
review: yes , is a very good game/ si, es un buen juego me lo regalan porfavor
game-hours: 91.2
review: Arma 2 is an amazing game. However, I didn't really like the community, and the controls were very strict and complex. Arma 3 doesn't change anything that makes arma 'arma'. It still has very 'intricate' controls, and even with the series hitting more mainstream notes because of Day Z and wasteland modes, Arma 3 has just as many annoying guys yelling about chain of command and "oh, you can't fly that helicopter into that mountain with our entire squad onboard" in regular servers. If you want a fast paced arcade style miltary shooter, go somewhere else. If you want a military simulator which requires tactics and being super cautious, this is the most popular one out there.
game-hours: 575.2
review: By far best Military simualtor I've played!
game-hours: 468.9
review: Amazing experience, especially when playing multiplayer. Cooperative online is where this game really shines. Though just in like real life warfare, you sometimes spend more time on logistics than on actual fighting. The beauty of this game makes this all more than worth it, while the game also fixes most of the major frustrations from ARMA2, including a handy new inventory system and much smoother infantry control.
game-hours: 92.8
review: really good looking game but its not for low or medium end pcs
game-hours: 61.8
review: Love it
game-hours: 44.1
review: Best played with friends, enjoyable solo play as well.
game-hours: 259.2
review: This game takes you closer to reality than any other combat game I have ever played. A must-have if you are a fan of combat simulators that allows you to fight on land, sea and in the air. I do recommend playing it with a few friends, as it can be hard to get good teamwork going with a bunch of random people.
game-hours: 754.6
review: Awesome game! Love the graphics and how many things you can do in this game
game-hours: 139.3
review: The only game capable of giving the player authentic military warfare - atmosphere. You owe it to yourself to at least try it! Full recommendation.
game-hours: 48.4
review: Best tatical shooter / military sim out there!
game-hours: 57.3
review: i recommend this game,but now have litlebit bugs is force close i don't know it close just fix it i will happy.
game-hours: 116.0
review: Amazing visuals JUST stunning but I really don't care it's the gameplay that matters and oh boy that is amazing so much to choose from such as Altis life (many peoples favourites personally I can't get into something like that) and then Wasteland an open world sandbox and oh don't forget mods 90% of my game time is with mods such as Battle Royale (great mod that gameplay is like the hungergames but really it is based on a Japanese movie called battle royale) and also I played alot of Breaking Point (Like DayZ)
game-hours: 50.5
review: Oh yes great game! So much more advanced than Arma2 !
game-hours: 511.4
review: best shooter I've ever played
game-hours: 68.5
review: Awesome simulator!!!!!!
game-hours: 191.4
review: Good Game ..High price..would say the price is worth it but seing how the game is imo beta still..its a damn good game modded.and worth the play time
game-hours: 270.7
review: Quite a good game to play, the previous armas were good. This game has it glitches but overall it is quite a good game. A lot of game modes are in the game such as altis life or king of the hill. It makes it worth while to buy the game because you can put so many hours in it. The only thing I don't recommend is trying to get into a go-kart if you dont have the go-kart dlc bacause it will pop up continually to try to make you buy it and it is extremely annoying. It will interfer with whatever such thing you are doing. But, Overall this is a good game to play and it will make your time worthwhile.
game-hours: 27.3
review: Altis Lyfe For Lyfe!
game-hours: 271.6
review: With the right mods, this game can be extremely fun and tactical. The base future game is not to my tastes but Arma will always have that tactical gameplay that brings me back.
game-hours: 0.8
review: perhaps too realistic army drill in terms of following commands, vehicle control....power hungry, dual top notch graphics recommended.trust me on this one :) overall it might be NO.1 for some.Try & see for yourselves
game-hours: 44.6
review: 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 70.6
review: One of the best War Simulation games out there today! It truly is fun playing with friends and teaming up to search the huge maps!
game-hours: 194.4
review: I love altis life its like the real lifei love this game i allways have fun playing it its so awsome 10/10
game-hours: 228.8
review: Game uses BattlEye, which recently banned me without reason. (You read this and go 'Yeah yeah, stop cheating.' but I am a very competitive player and I don't cheat. Sucks that you can go buy Arma 3 (60 dollars) Arma 2 CO (20 dollars) and DayZ (30 dollars) To have BattlEye ban you for absolutely nothing. 110 dollars down the drain.
game-hours: 16.0
review: Very unsatisfied with this purchase. Im still playng arma 2 at this point very little time is wasted with arma 3. I am running a computer than can compleatly blast arma 2 i7 proccessor nividia graphics card (not the best but still expensive and good) and loads of memory and internet capability and this game runs total crap in multiplayer and 30FPS on single with all graphics turned to bare minimum it looks only slightly better than arma 2 at this point. I could get past all that but the way you pick up ammo is just stupid really stupid. Further more the AI is call of duty dumb and the part that ruins the game completly......You have to shhot enemys up to 5 times to drop them, now its based in the future so i figured maybe they are basing the logic on some form of new armor ok, so I aim for the arms and the thick part of the leg, a very easy kill or incapacitate shot for a 7.62, nope nothin just needs the same shots in. ITS LIKE THEY FORGOT EVERYTHING THAT ARMA WAS ABOUT. its like call of duty sandbox style
game-hours: 3.7
review: i liked the 3rd person mode and the vehicle textures
game-hours: 804.3
review: This game is awesome if you dont have it i would buy it.
game-hours: 456.4
review: This game is awesome and its so worth the 60$ price with all the mods and content.
game-hours: 188.5
review: Awesome combat simulator similar to WWIIOL;
game-hours: 56.8
review: Awesome game. If you have the computer for it.
game-hours: 68.8
review: Best Military Sim out there
game-hours: 323.5
review: werwer
game-hours: 153.8
review: Fun game, but I miss the old school equipment.
game-hours: 120.1
review: This is good, I like it, It lacks some basic things like female character models and some articulation of the current models, but it's a vast improvement. The big problem though. I have liked the arma series for a while so i got this in early alpha. Now, my friends want to play it but $50? Did bohemia sell out or something? it doesn't even feel fully finished yet.
game-hours: 78.9
review: I enjoy this more than BF4 and COD Ghosts. That says a lot.
game-hours: 1392.1
review: AMAZING GAME
game-hours: 11.8
review: Prettier Arma 2.
game-hours: 144.5
review: Kp det nuuuuuuuuuuu...
game-hours: 263.4
review: OFP (operation flashpoint) and older Arma games often seem to impress - it's just a shame it goes so slowly
game-hours: 574.3
review: i like to murder
game-hours: 124.1
review: The Arsenal has made the game better by letting you import your own loadouts through zeus
game-hours: 244.6
review: More than 3 tanks - under promise, over deliver. 10/10 GOTY
game-hours: 444.0
review: alot better than Arma 2 much more specialized
game-hours: 478.4
review: it Awsome
game-hours: 8.9
review: too much walking, not enough fighting. Good "simulation" not a good shooter. Just M.H.O.
game-hours: 114.1
review: Never fails to entertain, with all kinds of content and even more with mods. You will never run out of new things to do on Arma.
game-hours: 49.4
review: I really believe that this game is a complete step up from Arma 2! I love it!
game-hours: 451.8
review: Wasted 400 hours of my life. 10/10
game-hours: 39.2
review: Reccommended for High end PCs and a stable internet connection. Low end PCs can still enjoy the game.
game-hours: 16.9
review: this game is glitch
game-hours: 8.3
review: its a great army game love rideing the tanks and driving helis i say its army simulator in a way.
game-hours: 525.2
review: Real War Simulation. Its Massive Madness!!!
game-hours: 269.1
review: A must for all loves of ARMA 2
game-hours: 399.1
review: I haven't clocked much hours into this game just yet, and I didn't participate in the beta, but it sure is a major improvement from the past already-excellent Arma II, OA, CO and supporting DLCs. First time I tried the Infantry showcase, I was simply overjoyed and overwhelmed with the overhaul that the developers put into this game. The series has effectively become one of the most popular FPS sims with probably the widest ability of customization and replayability, unlike most linear-storyline games that is dominating the mainstream market today. In fact, if you're on your way of getting Call of Duty Ghosts right now, think twice and get Arma 3 instead. It may not be as fun and as easy as CoD due to its realism, but it's more worth the buck. You get great lifelike physics and gaming, plus the ability to create virtually any scheme that you wish in the game. Including HALO jumps, backpack UAV controls and SEALS scuba diving. And best of all, you don't have to redo a single mission all over and over again to experience all the best things of Arma 3. Make one of your own, or download DLCs, extensions, mods and everything else made by its excellent community. I had no regret buying this even though the USD conversion to IDR was threatening back when I purchased it on the Autumn Sale. It's really worth your money, and I'm pretty sure this'll be an irreplaceable infantry combat sim until Arma 4 comes up.
game-hours: 16.3
review: It's ArmA and that's what ruins this game. Well ruin might be a strong word actually but that's not the point. The point is; whilst ArmA 3 is an enjoyable exeperience with it's fancy guns and new physics, it really doesn't do anything to improve upon ArmA 2. I mean, there's plenty of new content and nice new graphics but it doesn't feel like much of an improvement in the way the game works. While I don't mind the action menu system I can see how it could be considered counter intuitive and that is the problem. The game has a learning curve that can make it difficult to enjoy and while I don't like games being dumbed down, I do enjoy them being made more accessible. The system used in ArmA is what puts a lot of players off and I don't think it's particularly justifiable, as soon as Bohemia change this they will see an increase in the playerbase. After that messy blab about the games system I do want to say I still wholeheartedly recommend the game, it's great fun and worth a play.
game-hours: 396.2
review: Possible the BEST mil sim game out there, It is a MUST BUY for all those hardcore military gamers. With the slight learning curve this game has definitely makes it even more fun.
game-hours: 61.2
review: 10/10 would operate again.
game-hours: 16.7
review: yo bro this game is kool dude i was stunned when colonel dickbutt came over the radio and he was like "yo  get to the objective" i was like wow this game is so realistic and cool but then i remembered its on the arma engine so i quit
game-hours: 88.4
review: amazing
game-hours: 55.3
review: If you like first person shooters and realistic military campain, this is definitely the game for you. It contains all sorts of gamemodes and missions. And custom gamemodes on servers. (Roleplay, Team Deathmatch, etc.
game-hours: 131.1
review: amazing game if you bought it in alpha you realy saved your  some money many difrent game modes emersive combat many options
game-hours: 74.9
review: It is a flat upgrade on all the things you've loved/hated about Arma and Arma 2. Since they're on the same engine, you could even import the arma 2 .pbo's and have them work (sometimes buggily, of course). I can't wait to see how it'll progress and how the campaign will go.
game-hours: 270.6
review: This is a monster of a game. It is absolutely epic with limitless possibilties. If you enjoy military simulation, strategy, or just being creative in a digital envorment. Buy this. It's epic
game-hours: 46.6
review: military simulation sandbox game.. Its great with good content. If you find a good price drop grab it.
game-hours: 370.3
review: muliplayer cti is ing amazing
game-hours: 1032.9
review: best game
game-hours: 836.9
review: its great, better than Cod and battlefield (my 2 cents) great to find something else other than youre average FPS game
game-hours: 169.1
review: its good
game-hours: 1257.7
review: ERMAGERD!!!
game-hours: 39.3
review: It will make you poop your pants..... Thats a good thing right??
game-hours: 30.6
review: It`s a good game if your computer has a great graphic card and etc. With the STEAM Workshop, it`s really awesome, like with Dynamic Zombie Sandbox. Its really fun, with friends, and can be a challenging gameplay. From missions to survival game modes or just some good old classic TDM`s/DMs. Its a great game, Ill give it a 9.5/10.
game-hours: 589.5
review: Man, game is great, multiplayer is fun. Only its missing warfare mode in MP.. from Arma 2 .
game-hours: 36.9
review: I...Love...This! Yes, ARMA 2 is alot more polished (Obviously) but this will use ARMA 2 to wipe it's  when it's finished. Not only the underwater aspect of the game but the ragdoll physics.....RAGDOLL PHYSICS! If you're a fan of DayZ then i recommend a gamemode called wasteland. It's quite similar but minus the Zombies. You can play on the DayZ mod but it's really, really, really experimental at the moment.
game-hours: 8.5
review: wow such graphics very real amaze such combat
game-hours: 52.5
review: Best military game out there without a doubt. With the active community you'll pretty much never be out of things to do. The only drawback is the low CPU and GPU utilization which kills FPS especially online.
game-hours: 268.4
review: This is the best mil sim on the market and one of the best fps games. great graphics.
game-hours: 503.7
review: great game the future holds alot for this title
game-hours: 77.9
review: sex
game-hours: 169.7
review: yeah, it's good. Arma 3 has enough mods and game modes that you wont run out of stuff to do.
game-hours: 110.2
review: Buy a Track IR and play Arma!
game-hours: 74.9
review: A good sequel from arma 2, with even easier mission making and better performance. And the best is even that steamworkshop works great and it still has mods (not many games out there that support mods) Only still, the system requirements are quite high, but if you can run it, you should buy it. (with friends)
game-hours: 72.7
review: If you come into ARMA with a Battlefield or Call of Duty-mindset, you WILL die, you WILL find it to be something you won't like, and you'll find yourself frustrated to pieces and back. This is not an FPS, this is a military simulation. You have been warned. You will need to spend a lot of time in the game, getting a grasp of tactics and how to best employ yourself, your weapons, your squad and your support-options, before it's truly enjoyable. This is also one of those games that are far better in multiplayer than in singleplayer. I'd actually go so far as to say that playing ARMA 3 for it's singleplayer won't even begin to give you an idea of what ARMA really is, and that you should try out the MP once you've gotten a general grasp of things. The ARMA-series are not games you hop into casually. They are also games that needs to be extensively modded in order to become truly great, but luckily there's a thriving mod-community that's very active. On the downside: ARMA 3 is brutal when it comes to it's demands of your hardware. You WILL need to tweak and fine-tune your ingame graphics-options in order to get the best playability out of the game. Putting everything on max will put most if not all but the absolute highest-end computers into a high-stress environment.
game-hours: 58.7
review: 10/10 One of the best Real life Military shooter Simulation games I dont care if it has a lot of bugs beacuse it's in alpha
game-hours: 44.1
review: SO real
game-hours: 69.0
review: Arma III is a military sandbox objective based multiplayer game. Now let's start with the + -Big maps (about 250 square km) -Weapon variety anything from pistols to LMG and caliber 50 rifles. -Loads of armored trucks, helicopters and air planes. -Character customization. Anything from undershirt to helmets and armor vest. -Excellent graphics. It looks stunning on ultra. Now its time for the - -Horrible FPS(frames per second) which results in multiplayer sometimes becomes a frustrating chore. If you get above 20fps consider yourself lucky. -There is no introduction to the controls what so ever, and it takes a lot of time to learn all the moves. -The base player community is sometimes a hellhole to be a part of. -Moving and dying animations can look awful at times. Especially the dying animation. Presentation: 2.0 Graphics: 9.0 Sound: 7.0 Game-play: 8.0 Lasting Appeal: 7.5 Overall Rating: 8.0 Now Arma III is a fun fps/third person tactical shooter but it needs a lot more work to be worth the current price of 44.99 euro's.
game-hours: 19.6
review: Incredible game if one's rig can handle the beauty!
game-hours: 980.2
review: AMAZING GAME best military game i have ever played if you get it you need to play on 23RD servers on coopertive missions its so real and amazing also come join are clan!!!!
game-hours: 97.0
review: ONE OF THE BEST GAMES IVE EVER PLAYED. oh and its better than call of duty! :D
game-hours: 121.1
review: Wow, such realism, much awesome.
game-hours: 27.3
review: Super graphics and multiplayer very big map and a lot of technique and a lot of weapons, Arma 3 the most realistic game I put it 10/10
game-hours: 418.3
review: No word can truly describe ARMA. Just play it.
game-hours: 511.3
review: Best game 2013
game-hours: 80.5
review: Really good. I also recomend ARMA II too.
game-hours: 1115.8
review: Good and fun game!
game-hours: 0.9
review: If you're looking for a "get on the battlefield and start hip-fire killing", this is not the game for you. This game takes a lot of time. It is a very comprehensive combat simulator incorporating some of the best graphics available, as well as hundreds (literally) of tactical options and configurations. Very fun but also very intensive learning curve.
game-hours: 194.1
review: Quickly became one of my favorites. I didn't like ArmA II much, because the infantry gameplay is kinda sucked. But ArmA III has seem to pull it all off quite well with the new terrain, weapons and mechanics, while vehicle gameplay are still thoroughly enjoyable. The is definitely a must have for both military-enthusiasts and FPS-genre gamers.
game-hours: 46.1
review: A much more refined experience than Arma 2, whilst it may have lost some of the charm of the Eastern European setting, Altis is a frankly astounding technical feat in terms of detail. The episodic campaign may make the price tag seem a little steep, but there is so much more to this game than the singleplayer, the excellent multiplayer and dedicated modding community make this a game that you will continue to play for months or even years after release.
game-hours: 32.7
review: mod Breaking Point very nice
game-hours: 191.3
review: A really enjoyable improvement from previous Arma/Flashpoint games. Don't buy this unless you're fine with spending a lot of time running around a huge island, zeroing sights and looking at your map.
game-hours: 931.1
review: Great realism and lots of co-op action available for the most fun experience. Though the engine is poor so you can't really get more the 50 FPS. But I tend to pull through it and have fun!
game-hours: 361.9
review: Filter for TF1778 and try domination on that server, easy to play without stupidly accurate AI getting you right away.
game-hours: 138.4
review: Off to a bit of a rough start, but all the core elements are sound and the engine has been done quite well. Buy it not as a standalone game, but as a military sim platform - good things are on the way here.
game-hours: 73.5
review: Good game, still a little lacking with features, (like Jets and a medical/wounding system like in Arma 2, ) but Overall a good game, the editor is awesome for making your own battles/missions, Multiplayer is fun too.
game-hours: 105.7
review: Technically brilliant and beautiful to behold, this game brings the Arma series well and truly into the next generation. However, slow development, missing features and lack of multiplayer optimisation dilutes the otherwise pure milsim experience. These problems will likely be addressed as time goes on by devs and/or modders, but until then expect it to fall short of its predecessor in some aspects.
game-hours: 32.9
review: survival mode is ballin'
game-hours: 486.3
review: Awsome military/sim game for sandbox lovers!
game-hours: 326.4
review: The best warfare simulator avaliable.
game-hours: 25.0
review: Like Arma 2, but prettier. Still an endless amount of mods, now if only the ACE and ACRE mods were released to this soon, this would be a near perfect game.
game-hours: 314.7
review: Guys This Game is awsome!. this game is not like call of duty were you just spray and pray for kills or battle field were its a bit the same as cod ,its a game were you have your own inventery which holds ,range finders,your gun, back pack,t -shirt and all these other things.the graphics are quite good and really love the online servers but ther is not much campaign cuz its quite a new game :(. as youve seen the trailer you now that there ar lots ov cars and tanks and other things. i hope this has helped you pick if you want the game or not . see you folks bye
game-hours: 162.1
review: Arma 3 is one of the greatest games I have ever played. Apart from being my 2nd most played game on steam, I have been completely astounded by the amount of accessable gamemodes and innovative RP's that are playable. If you are not into Army Simulations, dont warry. Arma 3 WILL have a gamemode suited for you. 9.5/10
game-hours: 852.6
review: One of the better games I have played in a long time and the reason I will probably never play Planetside 2 again. With massive and beautifully detailed maps, an impressive array of vehicles and just about any weapon and gadget you can think of it's a war geek's dream. There is a stack of great community content available in the workshop too which gives the game unlimited playability and due to the sandbox nature of the game it can literally be ANYTHING! Cannot recommend highly enough.
game-hours: 79.3
review: If u want a game where bullets actually have a penetration rate, they ricochet depeding on the surface and the type of bullet, an online experience that simulate real life battles, that's the game for you! Probably you'll need a coolio computer for it, but I think it's really worth it, there are a lot of mods and game modes that keep it fresh and cool! Also, you can be whatever u want, a taxi driver, a kamikaze, an eli pilot or just a civilian who doesn't want that people get on his lawn. ALSO! LOOK AT THE GRAPH1C5!!!11! :3
game-hours: 274.9
review: The graphics are beautiful, gameplay feels realistic and it's mindblowing even while it's still in Alpha stage development. Although the system requirements are quite high, I completely recommend this game! Buy it now.
game-hours: 171.4
review: The game that I use most my hours on. This game is ALL about community. And the community is stronger than ever! Recommende for everyone that need a little advance warfare with a bigger dose of reality and community than COD\BF can offer!
game-hours: 201.6
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 177.7
review: Shaping up to be a very pretty game. I just hope they optimise the engine as it's pretty poor at the moment (keeping in mind it's still Alpha as I write this).
game-hours: 57.9
review: Sweet game, better optimised that arma 2 in my opinion, the gun fights seem better on multiplayer but i personally enjoy arma 2 wasteland over arma 3 wasteland.
game-hours: 106.7
review: Absolutely fantastic combined arms simulator. If you prefer realistic approach to military games, this one is for you. 2 beautiful open islands to fight on, many weapons and technical to use. What I liked over the older instalments is enhanced movement and stance system, where you have more stances to adapt to the enviroment.
game-hours: 41.8
review: Nothing else compares to the experience. Arma 3 builds on what was already a great game (Arma series)
game-hours: 263.7
review: numba 1 gi!
game-hours: 1122.8
review: Really good but not for noobs.
game-hours: 252.6
review: The graphics are amazing. This game is a must-have for a simulator.
game-hours: 779.3
review: this is a great game and i wuld recomend this to anybody that likes a little more technical gameplay and not call of duty  mode. does not run like a charm but it runs ok with max settings (4670k 4.3GHz and msi 780 at 1180 MHz)
game-hours: 68.1
review: The best combat simulation gets better with every release.
game-hours: 20.2
review: Needs more servers and players but overall it's good
game-hours: 18.0
review: Arma 3 Campaign video review text version: To conclude, Arma 3 does a fine job of putting the player in various military infused scenarios that really shows off the scale of the game world and provides a feel for being in the open against, few but deadly foes. There is a slow pace to the game which serves as its greatest asset, if you're in control of an itchy trigger finger. If not, then you might be left somewhat unfilled as you run across open terrain for five minutes, only to be killed in an instant when you do find and engage the enemy. This isn't Call of Duty, and has to be stressed here in no uncertain terms. Once this is understood, and the game can be tackled on its own terms, players will find a captivating military experience. Arma 3 does have issues with performance, and for some, the unforgiving realistic nature of the game might be a turn off. It's also not the most welcoming game, with plenty of vagueness and lots of potential buttons that doesn't suit newcomers - although controllers are supported. That said, for those who enjoy tactical games of this nature will no doubt find a compelling offering that's well worth checking out; and now there's a campaign to focus on as well,means there's enough content for solo players to sink their teeth into and if you fancy the wider field, there's a bigger online playground to jump into. Score 8.5/10 - Review by Robert Cram
game-hours: 426.1
review: After uninstalling ZoneAlarm this beauty runs smoothly on max settings. As opposed to not even launching with ZoneAlarm P.O.S.
game-hours: 124.5
review: A superb Military Simulator(and Shooter?), imo it's better the Call of Duty and Battlefield games. A great leap forward from ArmA 2, everything is better! The graphics, animations, controls, sounds, performance, etc. It runs very smooth on my PC, and I almost forgot, It's still in Beta
game-hours: 205.7
review: this game is amazing, awesome graphics. cant wait for ful game! please buy this game!!!
game-hours: 153.3
review: ...And i thought ArmA II was good but this, now this is just amazing, this is what gaming is about. WHY ARE YOU READING THIS? GO BUY!
game-hours: 368.9
review: top, must have ... "this is war"
game-hours: 18.8
review: The most complete FPS simulation out yet ! It's kind of complicate to understand all of its mech but when you do, you will have a really good time playing it. The plus to this game is definitely the dev mod tool and the community. 9/10
game-hours: 1291.5
review: Bestes Spiel! Anspruch und spa
game-hours: 416.3
review: Great game lots of new content constantly from the steam workshop and great graphics for a mil sim! Only thing that drags it down is the slightly wkward controls but other than that you learn to cope with them.
game-hours: 57.0
review: This Game is amazing, but has it's own drawbacks. First of all, ABSOLUTELY do not buy this if you can't cope with slow paced combat, cause this game has a lot of it. With a Huge map (270 square kilometers) you can't aspect to have players everywhere you go, and the down times between firefights can be really long. Overall the Best militar simulator, packed with Adrenaline and Realistic fights.
game-hours: 48.3
review: What to say about this? ERHMAHGERD IT'S FINALLY HERE!!!!!!1!!! I've been waiting for this a while; it was worth said wait. The game is majestically optimised, gameplay is very fluid - more so than Arma 2 - and you can get some brilliant moments in this. And this is a ing ALPHA. Nice job, BI, can't wait for beta/official release.
game-hours: 8.4
review: Really good game. Get it.
game-hours: 119.1
review: Top graphics (High range PC recommended), check! Community & Mods, check! Realism & complex game mechanics, check! I got this pre-alpha for a very very nice price. Would buy again.
game-hours: 196.2
review: Arma 3 is a very good game in my opinion. But I would prefer a better engine. The grafics are nice and the map is awesome. If you like military simulation, Arma is the best game for you.
game-hours: 30.8
review: The best ARMA yet! The new game engine really brings this franchise to life. Fantastic visuals, remastered sound and very effective physics all make this version worth upgrading to. There's even underwater capabilities now... The downside: somewhat unoptimized graphics (although I'm sure they'll fix it) and Bohemia's usual dumb AI and abysmal pathfinding. All in all though, a really good simulation that begs to be played cooperatively. Recommended :)
game-hours: 17.7
review: A worthy successor to a competent Mil-Sim
game-hours: 53.7
review: One of the best shooter simulators out there with intense gameplay, great map and amazing graphics
game-hours: 37.8
review: Really funny game. Just shoot tryhards and watch them get mad.
game-hours: 431.8
review: It's basically the best military game to date.
game-hours: 50.7
review: SO MUCH WAR ACTION SIMULATION BUTTONS DX... i love it.
game-hours: 211.7
review: Worth 20 just for the eye candy, and still only an Alpha!!!!!
game-hours: 634.8
review: I can't say enough good things about this game. Mil-Sim with pretty engine. And finally a good campaign...
game-hours: 271.4
review: for a military simulator it doesnt give you a realistic experience of  yourself in a desert
game-hours: 32.1
review: So hardcore...
game-hours: 11.4
review: Beautiful, engaging, and extremly difficult. Would recommend to anyone who enjoys a challenge and who enjoys very realistic combat and tactics. Very, very difficult to those not used to the ARMA franchise. There is no example usable to describe this game except the other games in the series. In terms of enjoyablility and gameplay 10/10, but to anyone used to standard 1st person shooters(Battlefield, COD, etc.) it should be graded as an 8/10.
game-hours: 98.5
review: It is ArmA, it is not for anyone, but it is an experience unlike any other
game-hours: 130.2
review: Altis & Stratis Defeat your enemy on richly detailed battlefields  stretching over 290 km of Mediterranean island terrain. Solo & Multiplayer Experience military gameplay by completing the singleplayer showcase missions. Run through the competitive firing drills to hone your shooting and movement skills. Form a squad and team up to fight against your enemy in multiplayer scenarios. Weapons & Vehicles Master air, land, and sea with 20+ vehicles; choose your gear, pick from 40+ weapons, and customize your loadout. Content Creation Start creating your own experiences with the powerful scenario editor; develop mods for others to play; share and discover scenarios on Steam Workshop; join our creative community. Revamped Engine Navigate the battlefield with fluid new animations; feel the devastating power of combat with the upgraded sound engine, new ragdoll simulation and PhysX-supported vehicles. Episodic Campaign Supplied as free DLC after release, the official campaign will be deployed in 3 gameplay-driven episodes: Survive, Adapt, Win. Part 1 - Survive - available now!
game-hours: 511.5
review: By far the best 'always in development' Milsim on the market. With gameplay and scripting improvements in the works based on feedback from the community, Arma 3 will no doubt evolve into and even better platform for any ultimate military (and yes... Zombie *sigh*) scenarios you can dream up
game-hours: 552.5
review: One of the best games i have played. Massive improvement on ARMA II.
game-hours: 59.4
review: Think if Skyrim and Battlefield had a baby and then it started doing meth.
game-hours: 165.0
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 46.5
review: Realistic weapon sounds Good graphics (for today) You feel like a real soldier in the war - in this game . Good Game.
game-hours: 269.5
review: The most realistic multiplayer battle simulation by far. Huge hardware requirements. AW Invade & Annex with respawn's pave the way for those more familiar with lighter shooters(Battlefield & Call of Duty).
game-hours: 129.1
review: ARMA 2.      - .
game-hours: 1006.7
review: So far, so good! ARMA III Alpha has added many improvements over ARMA II. The new animation/stances will improve Close Quarters Combat as well as improve weapon stability for the more often, and realistic, long range combat (Between 300 - 800 meters) Scuba diving is a great introduction to the series if you're into Stealth and Special Ops like myself and other Reckoning Gaming member [RG] Lynch - I'm a spotter, he's a devoted sniper in this game series and the improvements in the sniper update seem to be endless. Now theoretically we can infiltrate behind enemy lines in a multiplayer mission by starting out with Scuba gear, drop it and throw on a ghillie suit, find the enemy HQ and call in our teammates to help with an assault - Something we couldn't even dream of doing to such a degree in ARMA II Optimization is being improved with each update - A good processor is still a neccesity to run this game though so make sure your computer is capable to handle it. If your a simulation fan and want to experience war, without the risk of being shot or having to go through rigorous boot camp, Give ARMA a try. It's a patience game, not filled with excitement and explosions but filled with realistic moments that seem to feel 20 times more 'epic' or exciting than the normal CoD or BF atmosphere. If I had to rate ARMA III's performance throughout Alpha it would be a solid 8/10. And that's just through Alpha phase.
game-hours: 819.3
review: F**king Amazing so much fun lots of diffrent modes and things to do
game-hours: 18.1
review: great game! but the problem is that it is too expensive. make it cost less and peoples will have more fun playing it with there friends, because right now ARMA 3 is forgotten cuz of day z. this game is without doubt the greatest war-sim ever, but yet it is way too expensive.
game-hours: 100.0
review: I'm a new commer to Arma. Bought the alpha back in March I think. Its not an easy game to learn but it delivers some incrediblly satisfying moments if your patient to wait and play the game the way it was ment to be played. The graphics are really really good. Can play on high settings with my GTX 570. The steam workshop missions are awesome, some are as simple as a simple rescue mission or a destroying a convoy all the way up to being in charge of over 100 soilders, helicopters, drones, and tanks taking over 3-4 towns down a highway to the main airfield on Altis. This game is awesome.
game-hours: 141.5
review: A very good game!
game-hours: 9.0
review: Quite possibly the most in depth shooter i've ever played, even in Alpha stage it still blows me away. The graphics are insane, the guns feel realistic, the movement system is revolutionary, and its just too much fun.
game-hours: 119.4
review: Yep.
game-hours: 285.3
review: If you like military simulation this game is definitely for you. Although it's just an Alpha it's already much better than any other ArmA title was on launch day.
game-hours: 46.1
review: The best authentic military sim available. Graphics are amazing, high attention to detail for such a huge open world. This game, like the Arma's before it is virtually endless with all the user created mods and missions. If you are a military fan, with realism higher than kill count, then this is the game for you. THe devs are some of the most involved in the business. There are glitches and bugs, but for the scope of the game, it is understandable, but they never stop fixing and adding to the game. Watch a few videos of the gameplay and you get the feel for how intense it can be.
game-hours: 8.3
review: Great game, can't wait for the finished game!
game-hours: 105.7
review: This game is a great military simulation game, but you will need a stronge computer to play it at its best. My personal game of the year. 10/10. Good job Bohemia Interactive.
game-hours: 149.1
review: This is not Call of Duty nor is it Battlefield, this is Arma III. If you want a mature play expirence in a highly tactical military simulator, this game is for you.
game-hours: 5.8
review: Awesome sandbox military simulator, with mods like Breaking point and Wasteland, this game will bring heaps of fun in a openworld Island scenario, Highly Recommended.
game-hours: 113.2
review: Complete game, looking nice, the maps are just incredibly large, a nice change of pace of modern shooters where your patience and camouflage will save your life. This is also the only game that get my hearts beating once the action is going on. Very intense. Multiplayer optimisation not quite there sadly
game-hours: 374.2
review: Great game! Very Tactical!
game-hours: 227.8
review: This game is by far the most approachable of all the ArmA games, and it's a hell of a lot of fun. To fully enjoy this game, you will want to have some friends, and take full advantage of the avid modding community that BI has.
game-hours: 106.3
review: Very immerse and realistic, and I'm very excited to see upcoming features.
game-hours: 84.7
review: This is not just a game, but one of the best investments you could ever make in your life.
game-hours: 143.6
review: Beast game!
game-hours: 72.6
review: Best fps evah!
game-hours: 96.2
review: Most realistic fps you can find, although it's a lot more fun when you have people to play with.
game-hours: 302.4
review: well worth the money
game-hours: 16.7
review: Its a great army simulator
game-hours: 818.7
review: The best game out of the Arma Series so Far! I have played around 106 hours of Arma 3 So far so you could say Im a beginner. I was not a big fan of Arma 2 But this one is Phenomenal. Graphics are Amazing. This game will give you with an adrenaline rush every time you play! Worth Every Penny. If you dont have it BUY IT NOW!
game-hours: 229.9
review: This game is amazing. There's just no other way to describe it.
game-hours: 137.7
review: Awesome war simulator- Air-Land-Infantry battles. Huge Map
game-hours: 42.9
review: Arma 3 combines graphics and gameplay of a great modern war simulator. Great buy for anyone even for the price. Mods are endless and easily accessable through the Steam Workshop. Overall great buy and suggest this for any casual or diehard Arma fans, and any fans of shooters in general.
game-hours: 1570.9
review: good game
game-hours: 589.6
review: A must have for military fans!!! LOVE THIS GAME
game-hours: 545.6
review: BEST GAME E V E R
game-hours: 265.6
review: This game is just as incredible as ARMA 2. The only thing I do not like about it is its extremely infantry based, with little combined operations.
game-hours: 107.7
review: Love this game, great step up from Arma II, only complaint is there is only one jet.
game-hours: 35.4
review: pretty gud 4/5 toasters
game-hours: 43.3
review: Very good game, tho I ~have yet to find the perfect game mode to bring me here everyday. I will wait for a fun game mod to be made until then it will be a game that I just play now and then.
game-hours: 170.7
review: Very Good Game.
game-hours: 603.9
review: Great game. Lots of Mods. Lots of multiplayer fun.
game-hours: 169.4
review: Its ing Lovly
game-hours: 335.1
review: For elite operators. Only the tryhardest milsim players need apply. You should actually read the field manual. "An accurate depiction of American foreign policy."- Fox News "3/10" - IGN
game-hours: 1279.7
review: yo buy this
game-hours: 11.4
review: THEY ADDED A NEW TRUCK!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 70.9
review: If your a fan of the arma series then get this.
game-hours: 312.1
review: I tried to love ARMA 2, but i rarely ever felt like i was having fun. Everything just seemed like such hard work. On this basis i didnt buy ARMA 3. A mate got it for me as a gift about a month ago. I have been playing it almost non-stop ever since. The graphics are better, the game play is better. Its still far from the perfect game, but everything that was in the ARMA 2 package is here but better. For me this game is about the 'total being greater than the sum of its parts'. This game is still hard, with sometimes sluggish controls, and 'basic' graphics, but when viewed in context of the true scale and depth of what they have acheived is it quite amazing. It still feels like there is more for the series to acheive, but based on this improvement curve ARMA 5 will come with a free box of Kleenex. The gameplay is certainly not for everyone. Dont think war game, think sandbox battle simulator. If you are unsure about making the committment i would suggest buying ARMA 2 for a song and giving it a try. Although not as good, the gameplay still gives a taste of what you can expect from the all round better ARMA 3.
game-hours: 46.9
review: Game is all well and good. But I really hate the fact that they put the game this far in the future! The weapons are absolute crap! I'm shocked that they didn't just say to hell with it and give you ing lazer guns. I love the addition of scuba options and implementing body armor and customizing your own outfit and the campaign is interesting plus voice acting is much better than ARMA 2. Id give this a 6 out of 10 because I am not happy that I am gonna have to download a  load of mods to play the game with equipment and vehicles that should of been implemented in the first place.
game-hours: 0.5
review: looks so pretty
game-hours: 25.5
review: i love arma 3 and it is the best game i have played in a long long long time
game-hours: 250.9
review: Bravo, check your ing fire before lobbing fourty mike mikes. Alpha, you were cool, 10/10 would sweep streets with. Charlie, you took too long ing around in the minefield. Suppressors or bust.
game-hours: 0.1
review: How much fps does it get on a alienware 17?
game-hours: 282.3
review: Amazing game had it for like 2 weeks and have 100+ hours
game-hours: 130.0
review: finally. a war game that makes battlefield feel like call of poopie
game-hours: 116.5
review: Best FPS there is
game-hours: 2234.9
review: Nom Nom Nom :3
game-hours: 7.9
review: Awesome, cant wait for mods.
game-hours: 60.3
review: A fairly realistic military sandbox, its getting constant updates and also has some mods. I can't wait for the full game, as it will have a much larger map as well as more vehicles and gear.
game-hours: 42.5
review: really good game all my freinds must get this fun game
game-hours: 644.6
review: Comparing Arma 2 to Arma 3. Arma 2 has more content, but Arma 3 has more features. Once it has all the content it will be fantastic
game-hours: 238.4
review: Recommend this game, very authentic and cool
game-hours: 162.3
review: Dat Simulation
game-hours: 11.1
review: For an alpha it is great! Can't wait for beta in a couple of weeks, and then the full release later. There are some performance bugs, but the freedom in multiplayer is unmatched.
game-hours: 597.6
review: Even it is only in "Alpha Testing" this game is looking very promising, yes there are Bugs ,but I at least am enjoying the game and looking forward to when it will be finished ....
game-hours: 169.3
review: ARMA3, contains many "near future" weapons and vehicles, provids us with future-combat experience. Unfortunately, I don't like so much such kind of things as the experience of ARMA2. But, I think ARMA3 is still very valuable and enjoyable, for its highly improved graphics, sound, effects and controlabily make ARMA3 worth authentically.
game-hours: 68.8
review: Fun game, has a different feel to Arma 2. Just make sure you have a graphics card that will run it well.
game-hours: 65.5
review: Not the same as battlefield or COD, but an experience you can only get from Arma. Scenarios can be crazy in multiplayer and even better to play with friends. Highly recommend, but dont expenct the contstant fast paced action in FPS as it is a simulation after all.
game-hours: 9.2
review: Still the barebones - barely even a game. Unless you're sure you're going to jump on the bandwagon, hold off on your purchase.
game-hours: 238.6
review: Now that DayZ is out I'd say its not worth buying this, it was pretty fun for awhile though.
game-hours: 150.8
review: If you enjoy military simulators or survival games, this is the game to get, the modding for it is slowly picking up and will only make the game better as the years go on.
game-hours: 137.3
review: This game right here made me pregnant, and I am a guy.
game-hours: 179.3
review: Fun F/TPS that can be either serious or more arcade-like depending on your playstyle.
game-hours: 345.6
review: get the game, it is awesome!!
game-hours: 20.7
review: Great Game love the continued development of it also!
game-hours: 9.0
review: Arma does it again making a war like simulator. If you are in to running and gunning this game will not be for you.
game-hours: 169.1
review: WOW!
game-hours: 22.5
review: This game will keep you at 90% erection the entire time you play it.. with a few moments of throbbing ejactulation thrown in for kicks.
game-hours: 0.5
review: The best war sim out, great graphics, grab it on sale and you wont regret it.
game-hours: 0.5
review: The best war sim out, great graphics, grab it on sale and you wont regret it.
game-hours: 206.0
review: Awesome Game! The best part of the game is Altis life. It's Really cool and it's defindetly worth the price.
game-hours: 72.7
review: Haven't countered any glitches unlike its predecessor. Playing the game tactically is always a must. It adds the greatness online when you play tactically online with others.
game-hours: 118.0
review: The most realistic military sandbox game.
game-hours: 63.4
review: These game is AWSOME.
game-hours: 413.6
review: AWESOME GAME!
game-hours: 29.2
review: kp d bara... tvek int
game-hours: 240.9
review: Amazing graphics, fun to play, must buy!
game-hours: 113.0
review: Full of vast scenery and realistic vehicles and weapons, Arma 3 is a great open world tactical shooter. It is graphics hungry and even my 7970 struggles to run it well (although I haven't taken to fine tuning the settings yet). The campaign was added after the release (which is weird) but it's good and it helps the player in remembering the locations on the gigantic maps (Like seriously Stratis and Altis are huge). Combat is realistic (as far as I can tell), RP servers exist, coop is fluid, all in all a great game.
game-hours: 37.2
review: Great game
game-hours: 12.3
review: AI OP
game-hours: 47.1
review: Best war simulator on the marked. Perfect for military personell and people that cares about realism, and don't expect xp or kill streaks in a game for it to be good. Good : Improved grapichs, stability and better interface (compared to Arma 2). Gear management is much better than before. Realistic battle enviroment. Bullets are affected by wind, distance etc. Weapons and vehicles are real, and requires skills to be effective. Vehicles takes damage, use fuel and ammo. Bad: Few vehicles (hopefully more vehicles will be added soon). Also the medic role is kind of useless. In mulitplayer all players carry medkits to heal them selves once. Since it is a war simulator, they could have made the medkit stabilize wounds, and then required a medic to threat/further stabilize any wounds. Would also like to get an armoured ambulance for the healing of wounded soldiers, but I quess thats where the medics tent come in play (although quite useless when you are in AO where the enemy can kill the medic and the wounded at any time). Logistic is essential in Arma 3, unfortunatly not all commanders care about it, and ammuniton and repairs close to AO is often dropped because of long distances. Would have been great if some of the logistics could have been run by AI though the commander. Not a lot of players find it amuzing to drive a repair truck for 10-15 min just to get to the AO.
game-hours: 11.4
review: Fun game, though the combat system takes time getting used to.
game-hours: 5.9
review: Amazing experience. Just don't play after playing COD.
game-hours: 25.6
review: Worth every penny. Fantastic military simulator.
game-hours: 336.3
review: Very nice update to Arma 2, particularly on the graphics side (recommend big GFX card). Some work is still needed though, as single-player missions are still missing.
game-hours: 166.3
review: Giggity!
game-hours: 129.3
review: good game.
game-hours: 101.5
review: Too difficult? It's just too realistic. With the development both by BI Studio and the ARMA community, the ARMA series is definity the most versatile military simulator for the moment. With great improvement in graphic quality and the ability to port ARMA and ARMA 2 into ARMAIII, ARMA III has brought the ARMA series into a next level.
game-hours: 253.8
review: Hands down, the best war-simulator ever made.
game-hours: 322.0
review: Best army simulation game ever created
game-hours: 409.1
review: I've been playing this series (in both single player and multiplayer) since the original Operation Flashpoint and have probably spent most of my time in the original Arma. Most recently, I've been playing the excellent 'Project Reality' mod for Arma 2. So far, I'm really enjoying Arma 3, although I haven't played it especially long. So consider this my 'out of the box' impression. As someone who enjoys military sims, my favourite feature in the new version is the addition of better stance control. This really adds a great deal to the game by allowing greater control (if you want it) over posture, in order to take cover properly behind obstacles while still being able to shoot - usually a cumbersome task in the previous games. Another notable feature in stock Arma 3 is the quality of weapon and explosion sounds, which are far improved over stock Arma 2 (discounting mods) and provide an excellent sense of immersion in large battles, etc. The 'challenges', where you do solo times training exercises, are also excellent. Of course, the graphics have been very nicely updated from Arma 2 and the game runs smoothly with a mixture of high and ultra settings on my rig (i7-4770 3.4GHz GTX760 8 GB RAM). I still need to get used to the new near-future setting though, which sometimes gives an impression of a style that is somewhere between the original series and BF2142. The location is very much Arma though and I understand that the series probably needed to be revitalised in some way. So far, it is looking very good indeed.
game-hours: 233.9
review: need plenty of peeps with ya when playing to really enjoy
game-hours: 77.8
review: - ,    .    : ,  -  ,      ,   .       " ". Contra: bugs-bugs-bugs, (yet) small amount of in-game content. Pro: scale, sometimes - unpredictability, high level of degrees of freedom, mods-mods-mods. Verdict: one of the best of rare kind of proud creatures "Military Simulator". Period.
game-hours: 12.2
review: good
game-hours: 899.1
review: F
game-hours: 484.7
review: If you are looking for a realistic military shooter this is the best one on the market
game-hours: 52.8
review: Very good imersion
game-hours: 160.4
review: i dropped from a height of 1 meter and died
game-hours: 14.7
review: A must get.
game-hours: 117.4
review: This game is great and very realistic, but you definitely need to play this with friends and it has a definite learning curve.
game-hours: 6.3
review: Fun game to play, especially with friends. I seemed to have been having lag or sensitivity problems with my screen movement, but other than that it is a really cool military simulation that you can really get into. I would recommend this to anyone that likes real, immersive, and tactical combat, and who also even enjoys a bit of role-playing. The graphics are great and the content is pretty cool. I've only played a few multiplayer and mission games with friends, but I definately enjoyed myself.
game-hours: 156.3
review: All around, a great mil-sim! However, I recommend having a supercomputer from the future if you're a graphics junkie.
game-hours: 358.7
review: The arma sierecs for me was a hard franshies to get into, but if you know what you are doing and can undersatand the advance controls, you can have a BUNCH of fun. For example my freind and i realy enjoy playing wastland (what Dayz was based off of) doing missions and getting geo cheashes. So over all if you have friends that like to play with game or like to have a massive world to mess around in, Get it, and if you have tried dayz or want to, play wastland it is a verry good gamemode with more wepons and vehicles. P.S. if you do play wastland find food and water, it is in buildings ;)
game-hours: 12.9
review: Best simulation ever. As long as you have the machine to run it.
game-hours: 18.3
review: Good game although multiplayer optimisation is ing awful. I have 60 fps on high settings through singleplayer, once I connect to a server I am on less than 20fps on low settings. That is the reason why I don't play the game anymore.
game-hours: 47.0
review: An improvement over ARMA II, but still needs work.
game-hours: 13.5
review: Best for someone who enjoys back seat driving, bothering others, and shooting all the bullets before others can get them.
game-hours: 700.2
review: fun for hours
game-hours: 827.5
review: Amazing
game-hours: 244.8
review: I Like This Game ;)
game-hours: 55.3
review: The best War simulator game that i have ever seen, Arma 3 is a simulator game that has series and DLC's all around this game. I recommend buying this game when you have played the "Arma" Series. Arma 3 has a mod that is comming out that is called DAY Z Where players have to survive in a world full of zombies and bandits. You can find loot, fight zombies, Find Vehicles and mostly. Fighting Bandits. You can trust anyone, but they cant trust you... - Stevenisadork
game-hours: 20.6
review: Very good
game-hours: 108.6
review: Instant
game-hours: 660.5
review: i know i love this game but the engine it runs on is great it was voted the best milatary simulater game and the moded couminty is also great
game-hours: 313.8
review: Your team is moving in a complex and strategic formation into enemy territory to neutralize hostile troops&infantry and seize the area. As a vulnerable and mortal soldier, you really feel how teamwork and cooperation is the essential key to survival and success. Call in airstrikes, mobilize the approach. People yelling and screaming commands, explosions and gunfire. This game has the best movement mechanics and combat mechanics I have ever experienced. The Single-Player story is good so far, and the Multiplayer Coop Gameplay is absolutely amazingly astonishingly beautifully magnificent! Watching realistic movies like 'Black Hawk Down' and 'The Hurt Locker' really makes me want to play some more Arma3. Aside from that, the new map is so incredibly beautiful that I enjoy every single moment spent on it. I can just drive across the map without any action at all without being bored because of the challenging terrain and vehicle-movement, and watching the beautiful landscape.
game-hours: 447.4
review: Nothing is better for any military type game. This is very configurable and highly recommended by any player who has played it. Give it time and you will be hooked and stuck to it. Make sure you have a high end pc. Game comes with plenty graphics and high use of CPU. Enjoy it and join for something that will be put in history of game servers!
game-hours: 47.5
review: The best military game ever. Fairly realistic, all sorts of vehicles playable, HUGE map, lots of community addons and mods. This is the number one game that I love.
game-hours: 27.3
review: The most impotant thing I can say about ArmA, you will never see something like in any other game. You may some wonderful strategic games, awesome First Person Shooters with 99% of epic scenes and 1% of shooting, flight simulators and games about tanks only, but you will never see all this stuff in one place, of course, if you still don't have Arma III. Allright, some fans can even remember the first part - Cold war assault, but... Well it looks like that, but has unique graphics, physics, new vehicles and story. But, however, ArmA III is a technically great game, but the most important thing in it will always be the gameplay with all it's unique fetures. So, hell yes, I recommed this game to everyone, who wants to see the real combat and wants to find him or herself in a new military world for next eternity. Goodbye, ladies and jentlemen, I am going to play ArmA. P.S.: Pardon my Russian :P
game-hours: 13.7
review: Awesomeness!
game-hours: 92.8
review: Great Buy it, I DARES YOU
game-hours: 214.9
review: Yes I know the game is not yet fully released, and I am reviewing this in alpha, but when you have played this alpha you will understand why. The graphics are amazing, almost real life they are that good on high to max. The gameplay is more tactical and good fun, I did not enjoy any Arma game but this is far better and probably the best one to date. Cannot wait to see the final release, and iron out the bugs, if Bohemia do that this time. The exploring is top fun, there is tons to find and do, the missions is alright, and it seems that the island is not actually that big.... but anyone, when on a mission with a friend you do not care. Anyway overal the game is top fun and the graphics is what makes this game just pure wow. I hope DayZ comes to this, because it would be more fun.
game-hours: 200.5
review: This game is great for anyone that likes simulators and for anyone who likes the former games of the Arma series.
game-hours: 83.5
review: This has ruined my life. Would recommend.
game-hours: 524.9
review: Amazing military simulator, a bit lacking in content in comparison from Arma2, but improves from the former in so many ways.
game-hours: 134.3
review: Blows all other military shooters and previous Arma games away
game-hours: 10.4
review: This is probably the first game that I've played that actually had people working together. Joined a 40 player co-op server where everyone communicated with eachother and coordinated movements between squads. 10/10 would buy again
game-hours: 62.6
review: Easily the most intense and realistic first person shooter I've ever played. The multiplayer is tactical, intense, and gives you reason to play smart and avoid death. Not for the average Call of Duty or Battlefield player! This game requires much more patience and is for a more serious/tactical gaming mind. It's worth the money!
game-hours: 68.3
review: Got it in the ALPHA stage and have been playing it from time to time since. Great game, one of the best in the series
game-hours: 157.2
review: Ready for Real combat? this game is it.
game-hours: 24.5
review: AWESOME!!!
game-hours: 205.3
review: Amazing
game-hours: 50.6
review: ARMA III is ARMA II with ugly as  camo patterns, caseless ammunition SPESSguns, equally trash AI, and less vehicles. BUT A3 is so vastly, hilariously ridiculously improved on its predecessor in every other dimension that it feels more like what Arma was to OFP than a direct sequel. The new movement stances and flight model make the game feel SO much more fluid instead of a wheelbarrow simulator on the ground and some kind of strange DCS: Paper Airplane in the air. Yeah your squaddies still go ENEMY. MAN. TO YOUR. RIGHT! ENGAGING! But they do it in adorable greek accents and actually sound like vaguely stilted human beings instead of your entire squad being composed of various inflections of Microsoft Sam. Enough has been said about Altis already, it's the most ambitious worldmap in gaming. Yeah you lose some of the rustic poor-as--eastern-european-charm from Chernarus, but damn the island is beautiful, and honestly, plenty more diverse. I've had squad battles at a solar power facility and brigade-level armored warfare on the salt flats. And Zeus... man, I've been toying with Zeus for a while now and I feel like I'm barely scratching the surface of its potential. Basically you're a DnD DM except in the most expansive (and accurate) near-future military simulation that exists. Basically if you like realistic modern combat simulation, literally ranging from missions where you're three local yokel cops with revolvers and a pickup truck running through the woods, to missions where you're  Future-Eisenhower commanding NATO at a divisional level invading an honest to god entire country, accept no substitutes.
game-hours: 1110.7
review: Literally one of the best purchases I've ever made. Even at full price it's worth every penny. Breaking Point. Battle Royale. Altis Life. Wasteland. King of the Hill. You name it. Arma 3 has hundreds of hours of playability.
game-hours: 308.8
review: the downside to this game, only one, you gotta play a lot, to get very good at it. is that a downside?
game-hours: 79.2
review: gg
game-hours: 819.9
review: Revised my review as my last one it was only in alpha, but things have only got better. the possibility's with this game are almost endless, the multiplayer is by far the most, enjoyable i have played. with so many different game modes, and mods available, you can never get bored. play with your friends and the fun just multiplies. don't get me wrong it has its problems, bugs are still there, and Altis can be annoying at times with its lack of cover, but it is a real island, and if they strayed away and changed it, then i wouldn't be Altis. The Best thing with this game tho is its realism, when one bullet can take you down, and end your day. it adds a fear factor into the game play, where you seek real cover, use real line of sights, and have to make corrections for the ballistics of the weapons. its not for everyone. but any hardcore sim gamer will love this, its still has the ARMA feel to it, which was something i first thought it would loose. Play it. for me, its a 9/10.
game-hours: 329.0
review: Arma 3 is a great game! It has some really nice grapics and is better optimised that arma 2
game-hours: 29.1
review: Cool Game
game-hours: 75.4
review: Great game
game-hours: 400.7
review: It's a playground if you put your mind to it. Lasing targets, flying jets, piloting a sumbmarine, or just firing tracers into a dark stormy night is only a grain of sand in a desert. Jump in feet first and enjoy!
game-hours: 60.4
review: If you are looking for a true milsim game, then grab it. It's worth your money, only if it runs smooth!
game-hours: 219.9
review: Best military simulation game ever!!
game-hours: 370.6
review: Bought it in Alpha for Wasteland after enjoying it so much in Arma 2. Not too much was added when it went through Beta and Final Release. Now with Zeus, Battle Royale and a lot of other addons and mods coming it, there is too many reasons to list to buy and play this game. I've easily sunken another good day off from work just playing Zeus with my clan.
game-hours: 216.0
review: Extremley fun, extremely low price and a great amount of content, if you liked the previous Arma games then its a no-brainer, buy it!
game-hours: 35.2
review: Cool game Cool graphics Cool community.
game-hours: 3.5
review: not what i expected but it was interesting and fun for a little bit
game-hours: 91.8
review: IL GIOCO!
game-hours: 637.5
review: This could be a great game but is way too demanding....my PC beats the minimum requirements and still runs laggy no matter the setting even on the lowest settings its still bad,,,,,dont buy unless you have a HIGH Performance PC or it will be a waste of money. Keep in mind what ive described above was on solo/single player, online is much worse even if its a dedicated server. DONT CLICK THE BUY BUTTON YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED
game-hours: 221.6
review: "We'll let our modders add content" - This game is the most realistic mod making simulator to date.
game-hours: 42.1
review: This game is a very good game with lots of expansions graphics are great
game-hours: 164.4
review: Arma is love, Arma is life.
game-hours: 210.9
review: Watched some streams and videos about Altis life so even with the high price decided it "looked" fun. Umm, yeah, the Arma UI is all kinds of wonky. Switched to single player campaign to learn it a bit better and it was pretty meh out the gate. Lot of money for something that is everywhere for cheaper. Probablly be alot more fun for me if i had a group or some like minded people to play with. /EDIT\ I still stand by the wonky controls but i have grown fond of some of the mods. King of the hill and some others are quite fun. I cant say i am that good at them but i have gotten better the more i play. For the money it still seems overpriced, but some good gameplay is to be had at times.
game-hours: 561.6
review: It is complete  that I can not roll back on updates, I was so excited to play arma3 with friends tonight on a HOTH (mod) server now I cant play until the server updates, there is no  option to roll back or pick which update version to play on, the first big up for bohimiah! Well done, you knocked the pants off that one!!!
game-hours: 1251.1
review: Arma 3 is a vary good modern millitary shooter i highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 31.6
review: Try it and LOVE it :)
game-hours: 254.9
review: great sci fi
game-hours: 24.6
review: will no longer allow for conecting to friends servers
game-hours: 117.2
review: ArmA does what no other game can, it brings you two huge maps and allows you to create the content you desire for it. It is not easy to master but very fun while trying. Ofcourse as is in all multiplayer games (or should be) this can't be achieved without friends. If you have friends who play (or would like to play) this absolutly is a must have game.
game-hours: 77.6
review: Best shooter on the market. Skill, tatics and stealth all required. Not just run and gun like every other shooter these days. Also has a great modding community dedicated to producing good quality maps, weapons, mods, etc.....
game-hours: 256.4
review: soo... i buy the Beta at 59.99 but the game is now 35.99... i dont get this...
game-hours: 198.9
review: Great game even though it still has some issues on Altis but i definetly recommend it, it's worth every penny
game-hours: 21.1
review: you can do a barrel roll. all by yourself
game-hours: 162.1
review: AWESOME
game-hours: 37.1
review: Sweet Game!
game-hours: 219.7
review: I hated this game at first, I was not a big fan of Arma it was so overwhelming. I finally sat down to give it a good ty and I have to say this gaem looks awesome and plays awesome. Buy it.
game-hours: 65.2
review: Okay this game is AMAZING and pretty as Crysis, if not, more pretty, the detail put into this game is beond imagination, it's fantastic, and the game is really good, but it is a Miltary Sim, and not like Battlefeild, its pretty much one bullet in the right spot and you're done, so you have to be patent, and to conlude this review Im going to tell you the ONLY ture con of this game, this game REQUIRES a gaming setup, it is VERY CPU heavy I suggest having an i7, and a good one at that, the GPU is pretty standerd requirments on this game but have a good CPU, and this game is very fun
game-hours: 12.6
review: Ever wonder what it's like to be in the military? Well this is as close as it gets without killing uneducated village people who don't know better in the name of oil and "TERRORISM". God bless America.
game-hours: 271.5
review: GOAT game, baller, and well mong. get this on sale or whatever, go to agia, wreck shop.
game-hours: 789.0
review: arma 3 is the best
game-hours: 972.4
review: Can't Get Enough
game-hours: 7.6
review: I recommend this game. Im a noob but one thing i know is im better than all of you# joking# lol#by
game-hours: 24.9
review: Well, this game is not for everyone. And yes, after the first minutes I said, WTF this game is  like nothing I have ever played, but only to discover that my previous shooter paradigmas, that I have picked up over the years, are overthrown like nothing I have ever encountered. This is the shooter I have been waiting for. This is some challenge, every time. The learning curve is steep, but once you will take your time and familiarize yourself with the controls and mechanics... What a blast! This is not your usual CS or CoD, this game is hard, this game is realistic as hell, no funny hit boxes, no limitless stamina like you are on some blue stuff, this game is about concealment, trajectory, calculating your every move and loadout, which gear you will take with you or not, thinking about what you are doing, where you will aim. Any yes, the rifle carried along the neck, can dodge bullets, so aim good. And yes the caliber matters, on penetration as well as what magazines you find on fallen soldiers. And no you won't see the bullets in total, you will see the mags you carry. You will see how much bullets are left in each when you load it or when you will look in your inventory. You will see dirt on your binos, you can lean left, right, and even lean a little bit more. Nine positions between standing and proning! Ever wanted to fly a drone? Jet, heli? This is your shooter, airplane, heli sim as well. Playing, my back in the times heavily scripted CS, since the 90s using my own crosshair design, and many between, this game is one of the best tactical and realistic shooters I have ever played. And yes, this game is somehow the MMO in the tactical shooters genre. Like you put Diablo, WoW, CS, CoD, Commandos, Supreme Commander, Sim City into a blender and add user generated content, missions and more, stir well. Yes it has some bugs and glitches, but I would like to compare this game with a good wine. As it gets older, it gets better. Yes even better ;) As an avid unix and console user, I certainly can compare this game to editors... CS ... is like Notepad, and ARMA 3, well this is the VI of tactical shooters. If you go Rambo, then you will be Mumbo.
game-hours: 1332.8
review: I'm going to make this review extremely short. This game is a very extreme sandbox/warfare simulator, I HIGHLY recommend this game for anybody able to run it. This game is extremely fun with Zeus-- the multiplayer sandbox/warfare simulator. You will not be dissapointed.
game-hours: 297.3
review: FREAKONG AWESOME
game-hours: 94.9
review: Unfortunately my Computer is not the Best one. I'm playing the Game with 30 to 45 FPS and its still kinda laggy sometimes. But if i would have a better Computer or for those who have a better Computer! BUY THAT GAME! Its one of the most, if not the most realistic War simulator i played. If you are patient and a real Military fan, play it and i promise you you will love it!
game-hours: 24.9
review: A really fun game but the lag is deniably the worst! Arma 3 is a very good military simulator but it still has that "Arcady" feel to it which is not necessarily a bad thing. The only problem I have with this game is it gets boring very, very quickly!!! Therfore I can not reccomend this game.
game-hours: 40.0
review: Its good if u have at least one person to play with and even better with more. May take a little while to learn controls but the essentials aren't that complex. There are some missions to help u understand how to play though.
game-hours: 87.0
review: Awesome multiplayer game, but not always very good optimized.
game-hours: 1.2
review: Not a very good game, impossible to find a legitimate game online.
game-hours: 44.6
review: Gud Gaem!
game-hours: 143.1
review: For an Alpha this gives us a short but sweet insight visa what to expect in ArmA's future. And the future is bright. Decent performance, beautiful islands (Only 1 included in this Alpha), many improvements in movement, weapon systems and physics and best of all searchlights on helios that WORK!. And look SWEET! That first moment when you look up at a lighthouse in the night and see those beams of light piecing the darkness you'll know that ArmA should have a decent future when finally released. Best of all, if you buy the Alpha it'll automatically upgrade to the Beta and then the Retail Release for no extra cost! Just don't forget to report those bugs eh? (The Alpha is still buggy, has some AI issues and balancing issues. It is also short of content. DO NOT EXPECT A CAMPAIGN OR FULL FEATURED GAME UNTIL RELEASE)
game-hours: 1287.6
review: ArmA III is amazing. I personally purchased this game in it's beta. Now in the full release it's much better optimized and you don't need a beastly computer to run this game at max settings. And it's graphics are AMAZING! Defintely suggest you buy the Digital Deluxe version as it's only $3 more than the actual game right now. Overall 5/5.
game-hours: 269.6
review: Great game To start with it has a pretty good community which I value deerly. The game is pretty realistic, this can be a pain if you get shot and you don't even have a clue were it came from. Although it's a very good games it's a bit of a bummer that the campaign is released in parts, but atleast the developers care enought to not rush the release, this would be worse. Overall a good game although it's pretty heavy for most systems.
game-hours: 78.6
review: Huda igrca kupte
game-hours: 96.4
review: The improved arma engine really helps the series but many are turned off by the futuristic setting. Mods will make or break this one. Despite this, it is still the best military simulation on the market focused on infantry combat.
game-hours: 75.2
review: In an over view, I do reccomend this game. I bought this the day it was released for Alpha, and I knew the gameplay was going to be rough. Since then, it has broadly improved, but I still see some lacking areas. I mainly notice this in the Aviation area. (I like jet's, pretty sure im the only one) Without any mods, there is only ONE jet available, for CAS, and AAS (Correct me if I'm wrong if it's not called that) and one UAV. I find this rather disapointing, as there is no lack of jets in ARMA2, and all of it's addons. I just think some more jets should be added, that do not require the download of mods. (Some people do not know how to apply them) But overall, I like this game, and reccomend it to anyone (ARMA Veterans or not) who is looking for a good game to put time into.
game-hours: 3.0
review: Recommend
game-hours: 34.4
review: would not rocomend buggy and just awfull to play just get arma 2
game-hours: 748.6
review: Amazing. Now with more FPS the game is running smoothly and is actually PLAYABLE now. In the past.. you need a hell of a computer. I RECOMMEND IT now.
game-hours: 97.0
review: Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 210.1
review: I am hiding behind a rock , the bullets richohet on the rocks top and hit the grass behind me. its a foggy day so I cant see much , puting my head out would kill me. I need to work out were the enemie is shooting me from befor they can flank me. so I observe the impact on the grass behind me , I can barly work out based on the impact of bullets from what direction they are firing. I peak out shoot about 10 burst in there direction and toss a grenade. I go back to hiding and crawl behind a tree that was near the rock. I can hear or see the enemie but I dont know if I killed them. so I slowly walk in a half sercle around the grenade impact. I see that they both went to were I was last. I aim , shoot and kill them both. non of this was a scriptied event it just happened. ARMAIII , like all ARMA games is a military sim that depends on both the devs and moders to give you the best military simulation out there.
game-hours: 27.2
review: 4.5/5 koska tss ei maistu salami
game-hours: 108.4
review: It is a cool game but I would play Arma 2 OA instead.
game-hours: 44.1
review: Huge maps, great gunplay (unlike ARMAs of old) and a great modding community. This game started out fantastic and will only get better with more mods and game modes. If it pops up in a steam sale do not hesitate. Buy it.
game-hours: 0.3
review: its amazing.good luck staying alive
game-hours: 913.7
review: Like going to war without having to get in shape 10/10!
game-hours: 1065.0
review: I've been losing sleep to this game.
game-hours: 328.2
review: The best available game for those who seek a reasonable combination of realism and gameplay balance in any First-Person game!
game-hours: 315.1
review: THIS IS ARMA!!! OH YEAH!
game-hours: 101.5
review: Arma rulz...Steam version sucks
game-hours: 67.9
review: best simulation game i ever seen
game-hours: 27.2
review: Amazing!
game-hours: 33.6
review: great game a bit pricay tho but i got it on sale ;PPPP
game-hours: 8.2
review: IF you have played Arma series and you liked it, you are gonna love this! 8/10
game-hours: 28.7
review: Jvli OP! 100% realistisk Krigssimulator <3
game-hours: 21.7
review: like cod and battlefield you wont want to play them after playing this
game-hours: 2.5
review: It's a b movie simulator. You walk around, spot popcorn sounds and die to a stiff soldier.
game-hours: 1258.7
review: This is an exilent First/ Third Person Shooter and Militatry Simulator. I wouldn't recomend to any fast pasced FFA Call of Duty player, but a more realistic slowed pace MilSim Player. The game is esay to mod and change to be your's, "if you can dream it you can mod it."
game-hours: 9.8
review: SUPER SMEXY, ULTRA REALISTIC GAME.
game-hours: 179.9
review: such a good game, recomended to anyone into shooting games
game-hours: 545.6
review: Best military game to date.
game-hours: 19.1
review: Pretty awesome game. Make sure you have a high spec PC though, otherwise you'll miss out on the best reason to own this game - them graphics guy!
game-hours: 55.9
review: I must say this is simply the best shooter out there with so many user created contents like sandbox environment, persistent player stats apart from the normal pvp and co-op game mode. ARMA 3 is much more optimised than the prior version. Best immersive gaming experience like you felt when first time played Ops Flashpoint: Cold War Crisis.
game-hours: 103.3
review: Realy good game,Me like it. Why you dont?
game-hours: 147.7
review: Still the best war sim, just bigger and more diverse map, cooler vehicles, swimming, better visuals and better controls
game-hours: 119.0
review: The game is great I recommend it to everyone!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 35.2
review: Excellent game. Much fun.
game-hours: 277.6
review: This is simply the best simulation game ever and is very realistic. There are several amazing aspects of Arma 3 including the graphics they are amazing at max settings it is just so impressive. The gameplay nails the realism but dosen't get too frustrating and the sheer level of interactivity is staggering. The scale is another defining aspect of Arma the huge map really is impressive and anything can happen from small pistol firefights to tank battles. Modding is siply amazing with this game it's easy to mod and installing them are quite easy too. Really good stuff but it is very intensive on ur system
game-hours: 12.3
review: :OOOO
game-hours: 258.1
review: The best war game ever made just got better :) Buy this asap
game-hours: 82.1
review: yup
game-hours: 68.7
review: Very much like it's predecessor, Arma 3 has certainly kept alive the milsim theme. Absolutely heart pounding silence mixed with adrenaline filled firefights. All in the backdrop and setting of a very beautiful two islands. A MUST BUY!
game-hours: 1307.8
review: flat out amazing
game-hours: 9.0
review: amazing graphics and pretty cool gameplay got it in alpha so it was only 30bucks get it on sale as it doesnt merit 60$ yet Imo
game-hours: 466.8
review: damn good game
game-hours: 49.5
review: Best Military SIM out there
game-hours: 122.0
review: An awesome game, been playing since Arma 1 and it never failed to satisfy my cravings for war.
game-hours: 63.0
review: love this game 11/10
game-hours: 416.7
review: asassa
game-hours: 12.9
review: I want to recommend, and enjoy, this game, but I don't. Because it is very buggy and feels poorly scripted. Sometimes something as fundamental as interacting with the world, car doors, ammo crates etc. can be really awkward. This can abruptly lead to your untimely, poorly justified, demise. Or if you're really unlucky you'll lay around unconcious for 5 minutes prior to dying! :) I can't forgive the devs or the bugs in this game like a lot of people can. It has been this way since arma 1 - which I never played but understood it was unplayable. Arma 2 which I did play and found unplayable. After two games, I find Arma 3 to be barely playable. I figure by now they 'ought to know what they are doing and how to achieve a desired result. Niche game. I'm sure there's a reason so many people love it. I honestly feel as though I'm not patient enough to both play a simulator game, and babysit the flaws of said game in order to get something out of it. I haven't exactly got a hardon for military games like others do either so bare in mind that your phallus may differ. I would definitely change my review to recommend and play this game if it were just.. less buggy, more playable.. it really doesn't matter if you add gokarts or dragons at this point, just improve the game.
game-hours: 0.5
review: C'est de la
game-hours: 21.1
review: this game looks absolutely beautifuland run really good on my computer
game-hours: 100.8
review: This is the best version of ARMA series. Many new modules are very useful for mission editing
game-hours: 397.8
review: 100/10 A game were anything is possiable. Mods were you can see the fish you want to catch , run drugs and sell tortise meat. This game is the only FPS were Maps overlooking the world are usefull and radios are a nessecity , a great FPS if you just want to have array of activities that dont invole you killing or shooting others like mining or picking peaches.
game-hours: 226.0
review: This Game has cars 50/10
game-hours: 170.9
review: best????
game-hours: 102.5
review: game is ok and all but if you expect it to be realistic then you are wrong have fun emptying more than half of your mag into a guy 50m away and he lives
game-hours: 122.9
review: Best game out ever.
game-hours: 19.9
review: Lets play army.
game-hours: 57.8
review: Brilliant game if your in the market for mil-sim where you arn't a bullet eating machine like in COD. easy to learn the basics but a very steep learning curve to master. A brilliant mission editor gives this game endless replyability. (better with friends)
game-hours: 1428.1
review: I have played this game since the Alpha came out and I love it, best military game I have ever seen!!!!
game-hours: 1212.4
review: Beautiful game! It's only an alpha and it shows. but thats what an alpha is, so pay less for the full game and help development by participating in the alpha! 5/5 if you like arma 2, you'll like this.
game-hours: 303.3
review: Pretty fun though i only really play the wasteland mod.
game-hours: 1831.2
review: Love The Game It's The Ultimate Tactical Shooter.I Reccomend to buy deluxe
game-hours: 109.7
review: Have you ever seen a platoon of soilders advancing towards the enemy by shuffling on thier butts, legs stretched fowards? No? Well now you can! Experience the ultimate leaning and awkuard stance simulator, ARMA III Promises to deliver the biggest  raping any game has ever given to you. And i promise you that when you see the enemy you will  all kinds of runny solids, because these aren't just regular guys, these are regular guys dressed up in futuristic bug suits, they have party ballon animals, they have goats and they have weird helmets. Buy now or forever be dissapointed that you didn't get to experence dragging your  all over the 19km island of stahpthis.
game-hours: 946.5
review: Looking pretty amazing; absolutely can not wait for the final product. This game is going to be intense.
game-hours: 20.6
review: Its a great improvement compared to its predecessor Arma II. I mean, you used to die when opening a door while standing in front of it in Arma II ... New graphics and physics are looking really good. I actually get more FPS with higher settings than in Arma II Gameplay is alot smoother and 'saver' now 9/10
game-hours: 144.6
review: When you're done playing Battle Call of Field Duty with the middle school crowd, Arma 3 will be waiting for you. Be warned however, Arma rewards those who bring serious hardware to the table...and punishes those who don't.
game-hours: 52.8
review: The best
game-hours: 261.7
review: Brilliant Game mechanics, Challenging gameplay; A must-have if you are an ex-cadet or militarily minded...
game-hours: 133.9
review: Game Of The Forever
game-hours: 0.3
review: Great Game, Really great simulation game for people. but i prefer other games! but still good! 8.5/10
game-hours: 828.4
review: This is hands down the BEST milsim out there. The vast array of everything you can do is just out of this world. Whether you want to go via land, air or sea (or all three) you'll be in good hands here. Make no mistake this isn't Call of Duty but much, much more.
game-hours: 108.2
review: playing wasteland in arma 3 is alot crazier the it was in arma 2
game-hours: 5.4
review: Accurate simulation of the future.
game-hours: 383.4
review: It's buggy, unoptimized, has very little content out of the box, and is fun when playing with a group.
game-hours: 49.0
review: nice one
game-hours: 3.8
review: It's a very cool game enjoy
game-hours: 1375.2
review: The best mil-sim! Really! The best! Althrough the community is sometines acting like , but mods, as much as altis life, sandboxes and others are making from this best game of the Bohemia Interactive! (Just body armor system is a bit ed up, nothing that mods cant fix.)
game-hours: 2.5
review: ACTUALLY VERY BAD 5/10
game-hours: 140.2
review: 11/10 like skyrim on drugs - IGN
game-hours: 131.4
review: Gives me hours of enjoyment. worth the $60. and i highly recomend.
game-hours: 23.5
review: swaggy A.F
game-hours: 20.3
review: it was totaly awsome
game-hours: 33.9
review: amazing
game-hours: 64.6
review: This is awesome game it is so ing pretty!
game-hours: 113.8
review: An amazing games that will entertain you for a while, and the mods make the content on this game endless.
game-hours: 24.4
review: This game is enjoyable if you like realistic shooters. Probably my favorite game on PC excluding League. Arma has the advantage of mods over all other shooters. I highly recommend picking up the Battle Royale mod which turns the game into a DayZ like free for all which is highly enjoyable when working together with friends. Well worth 60 bucks although if you missed the sale and you're a friend of mine that I clearly told get ARMA 3 then you could have gotten more bang for the buck
game-hours: 32.1
review: Nice game :)
game-hours: 157.9
review: So many different games to play.. buy for a great time and endless nights of fun
game-hours: 115.4
review: I lahv you
game-hours: 188.0
review: 10/10 like skyrim with guns
game-hours: 137.8
review: pre gud /10
game-hours: 43.1
review: If you like a single-player story-driven game where you are lead by commanders who are insane beyond belief, then this is the game for you. Missions normally play like this... Commander: Kerry, we need you to take over "Location X". Here's an rpg, 2 rockets, a rifle, 6 magazines, 2 grenades, some 40mm rounds, and 5 first aid kits. Here is a squad of 5 people. Five minutes into the mission, I am wounded and my entire squad is dead leaving me to face against 30 people alone and 1-2 armored vehicles. After about an hour of dying, I will have completed the mission. I feel like almost a god... 5/5 would recommend to military lovers and/or people who love to die.
game-hours: 253.5
review: recommended for people who enjoy COD. but feel trapped in tiny maps with no ability to drive/fly vehicles at will. arma has all of those and more
game-hours: 0.6
review: I do
game-hours: 42.4
review: 5 Stars!
game-hours: 3.5
review: Fun, even in Alpha this game looks amazing and feels good to play, I've had a few issues getting stuck but a restart fixed it, The preformance issues I suffered with Arma II no longer apply and the game runs perfectly on maxed settings (minus DoF because I personally dislike it)
game-hours: 42.3
review: Amazing Army Simulator. A Must Have For a FPS Fan!
game-hours: 48.2
review: Your next-gen military simulator is here, and it's better than ever before.
game-hours: 13.8
review: We finished a mission. This game is great.
game-hours: 12.2
review: For an alpha the game is pretty sweet. A little too much like arma 2 for my liking.
game-hours: 78.7
review: You like Arma 2 ? The Life or Realistic Mod Server ? Guess what you will LOVE Arma 3 then.. even it is an Alpha it has most of our beloved mods in it and It works like a Charm ! Beta is Just a week Away ! :)
game-hours: 764.3
review: Amazing Graphic and Gameplay experience, totaly worth it !
game-hours: 157.9
review: GIVE ME MOAR.. MOAR CHOPPERS, HELIS, AND ! 96 HOURS AND IT'S ONLY THE ALPHA! SWEET MOTHER OF ADDICTION! *FAP* *FAP* *FAP* *FAP* *FAP* *FAP*
game-hours: 49.6
review: The new age has arrived, Imagine playing a DayZ mod that doesnt eat  out of your cpu....it does exist friends, and ARMA 3 is its base. Get it.
game-hours: 150.5
review: Finnaly a game where you are respected as an intelligent player.
game-hours: 32.6
review: I should be doing my chemistry right now.
game-hours: 45.7
review: Best shooter if you want realism.
game-hours: 219.4
review: A triumph of programming, this improves on the old in every way, looks ing fantastic on a good system, Im sure I will spend many, many hours exploding, incinerating, and pink misting bad guys. SLightly more modernistic gear and weapons, and the new large map is ing insanely huge. Great job, Bohemia!!!!!
game-hours: 431.7
review: this game is jesus
game-hours: 288.9
review: Way better than Battlefield 3 and Arma 2. It plays smooth, it feels right. Just. ing. Awesome.
game-hours: 12.1
review: This is a game that shall truely test your inner soldier...
game-hours: 120.9
review: You Ain't got no legs, Lt. Dan!
game-hours: 81.4
review: yes
game-hours: 241.0
review: This game.... is amazing.
game-hours: 297.5
review: ing amazing
game-hours: 1154.5
review: Once ACE3 comes out this will be the best game ever!!
game-hours: 134.3
review: Bored with the arcades? Bored with "no class limit" fighting against 999999 snipers? Skilled vehicle players that don't die with 999999 hits in their "bugged hitbox". Bunnie hoppers? Supposed to be a Co-Op game, that everyones act like lone wolves? People who run, jump and aim at the same time with 999999 tons of equipment? Hold your breath and come to the Arma III theres the real "War Simulation Happens".
game-hours: 184.3
review: Great sim, needs more mods, LOTS MORE MODS
game-hours: 177.3
review: nice looking game but lets be honest multiplayer frame rates are a serious issue . minium requirments are a farse
game-hours: 17.0
review: graphics are great. realistic. now i just need all of my friends to buy it!!
game-hours: 2321.5
review: Great Graphics, Insane Realism. Great Game.
game-hours: 32.3
review: Bohemia have really stepped up their game. I got this while it was still in alpha. felt like ARMA 2.5 at that point. come now to the release of "Survive" I can't wait for more. Imagine that, the story of A BLOODY ARMA GAME has me engaged as . I am only talking about Survive, not multiplayer. this is so much better paced than ARMA 2 was. graphics (minus far terrain) are brilliant. Also of all things, pacing is amazing. when choppers start flying over, it has impact. when a mortar hits nearby, it actually has impact because they are not being spammed. there is an idea of scarcity, and it makes you feel like such an underdog. and that is ing brilliant. the feel of control of your guns fells so much better. the sights are also very nice. many improvements over ARMA 2. overall so far, this is a massive improvement over ARMA 2, keep this up Bohemia, I am really starting to like you guys
game-hours: 139.2
review: Amazing game, plan on playing for hours at a time.
game-hours: 17.6
review: Awesome game! Wasn't too sure about it during the beta, but upon full release, this game is really awesome. There are lots of great planned (free) features coming out soon as well, which is great, as things will never get dull. The Devs are activly updating and adding new content. If you are a fan of Arma 2, you will LOVE Arma 3
game-hours: 208.5
review: Can't recommend it enough.
game-hours: 502.6
review: I am new to this game (never played any Arma games before) and I have to say it is awesome! I haven't really got into playing multiplayer yet as I am still learning the controls etc. but the editor is insane. I have just been creating small missions for myself to learn the AI and how to drive, fly, run, swim, shoot and all that is involved. I love flying the helicopters. The cockpits are so realistic and with my headphones on the sound is good too. Some of the sound could be better but there are so many cool sound effects in this game. I'm coming from BF3 and BF4 and this is a whole different experience. Rain, lightning, day, night, the lighting effects are so cool and I am just getting started with it. I have an Nvidia Quadro K3000M and can run at 60fps with quality settings. This is my editing CPU and I seriously might build a new machine for this game. If you want to run around and shoot people, level up, unlock weapons etc. this is not for you. I could honestly see this used as a training tool for military operators. It is the real deal.
game-hours: 150.4
review: good game ever
game-hours: 215.7
review: very nice, but performance for AMD has to improve
game-hours: 281.8
review: Stratigic game, in this game you actually have to think :O unlike the  game COD
game-hours: 17.1
review: Great game runs well.
game-hours: 324.2
review: If you ever wanted an army game simulator, you should look after Arma series. CAUTION: COD players won't survive !
game-hours: 52.9
review: Looks beautiful and campaign is a lot of fun.
game-hours: 11.3
review: Too good for review
game-hours: 19.2
review: I Reccomend Getting Arma 3 it is the best military/FPS Game i have ever played
game-hours: 100.3
review: good game
game-hours: 131.3
review: It's definitely the best Military Simulator I have ever played! (9.2/10)
game-hours: 165.7
review: Arma 3 may not be the best arma but it still is awsome! the only problems i have with the game is that the game is set in the future which makes it have some dumb weapons that i dont like. the good thing is that i can easly fix that by intalling some mods
game-hours: 30.3
review: This is game is the ! Best military simulator on the market. Check out the Patrol Ops 3 add-on, it's basically a random mission generator that you can play CO-OP with your friends on your own server.
game-hours: 95.8
review: This game is great although I have found that I constantly get errors telling me that I'm missing entries.
game-hours: 83.9
review: its pretty hard to get used to the controls, bullet drop, and how to use the other items that you can get, but its awesome!!
game-hours: 579.6
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 128.0
review: Do you find yourself angry at the COD or Battlefield for being horrible unrealistic? If you this is the game for you, guns, tanks, planes, boats. What more is there to say?
game-hours: 125.8
review: Everyone should play this!!!!!!!
game-hours: 506.9
review: Not untill they get all of the bugs out, other than that its a great game!
game-hours: 553.8
review: This game feels like it deserves it's own catagory. Like a sub-genre of Sandbox (or Open World) but it still has everything like old school FPSes. Before the whole new arcade style like CoD, MoH, and BF series. Everyone wished these games were more realistic. Not only is this the end result of a PC Only video game. It is the near end result of a realistic FPS Military Simulation. Ontop of that a Open World concept where anyone can make anything happen in a Multiplayer game and have other people experience what you've made on the editor that is provided in the game.
game-hours: 299.8
review: GET SOME!!! Most realistic shooter out there!
game-hours: 778.1
review: Sick of the same old PvP griefing in other first person shooters? Then get yourself and a few friends together and play cooperatively. Working together with your mates to complete missions is fun, rewarding and encourages true teamwork. There are literally thousands of missions available in the Steam Workshop with dozens of new ones each week, giving endless replayability. It is also pretty easy to make your own using the in-built editor. The AI in this game are smart, realistic and unpredictable but also highly configurable to make missions easier or harder to suit your skills. Bohemia Interactive also have a superb track record of supporting and encouraging community content so there are loads of mods to modify the game setting from subtle to total conversion. It is more complex and sophisticated than other shooters but so much more rewarding. Get into it.
game-hours: 62.3
review: From what I can gather, it's almost exactly like being in the real army as a proper soldier. Even guys that are actually real soldiers are saying this on the internet in forums and what have you. I guess they do this when they get back from a patrol or something and then start playing ARMA 3 and they're like 'hang on,this is supposed to be my layabout time, why am I putting myself through all of this again? And on my own dime to boot!' Anyway, Infinity Ward have created another scorcher with this one.
game-hours: 182.4
review: Arma 3 is a top game, I highly recommend this to anyone who likes tactical fps's. The graphics, and gameplay are awesome, plus theres a whole lot more, like the editor where the only limitations is your imagination. Play in other peoples creations what they have published on steam workshop. Play through the newly added campaigns in single player. Multiplay, coop, single play is up to you.
game-hours: 750.7
review: 10/10 Best walking simulator on the market, would walk again
game-hours: 788.4
review: Excellent!
game-hours: 125.5
review: Great game, lots of options.
game-hours: 222.0
review: Just... get it... Just get it.... You NEED this.... 10/10 no doubt
game-hours: 71.0
review: Just good
game-hours: 29.1
review: amazing
game-hours: 663.7
review: Great game, needs a good computer to run it but its well worth it.
game-hours: 96.8
review: great realistic shooter
game-hours: 244.5
review: This game is just great. I think it is one of the best MILSIMs out right now and no other game can compete with it.
game-hours: 461.8
review: It is good.
game-hours: 165.2
review: Good game some glithces but worth it
game-hours: 858.1
review: Cooperative gameplay across a massive battlefield. Complete freedom to execute missions as you see fit. Indescribable customization of every aspect of the game, from the clouds to the mission you play. It is all able to be catered to your liking. If you can think it, you can play it.
game-hours: 234.4
review: good game!
game-hours: 140.4
review: AMAZING GAME.GOOD GRAPHICS LIFE IS FUN, THE DOMINATION IS EPIC AND I WOULD HIGLY RECOMEND IT. IF YOU GET IT PLAY SOME EASTELAND WITH ME ON ATLIS (THE BIGGEST MAP ON ARMA 3 WHICH IS 1/4 BIGGER THAN CHENARUS.
game-hours: 174.5
review: One of the best military game I ever played! Although it has some annoying bugs and questionable AI, it still be a great game to have if you are into realistic game. Aside from the core gameplay, this game contain a LOAD of mod! You can turn military simulation game into zombie-survival game by choosing mods in Steam Workshop! 9/10 if I dare say.
game-hours: 55.5
review: This game is one of the best games i ever played but i highly suggest get a high end computer for playing multiplayer. but if you like tactical shooter games with 1st person/ 3rd person this is the one to get.
game-hours: 105.8
review: Such a Great game. Once you get over the learning cure then its such a joy to play
game-hours: 195.2
review: It's amazing, only problem is still, it lags unless you have an alienware computer, but on the positive note, it is a much appreciated game, with many cool missions, and tutorials for new players.
game-hours: 63.2
review: One of the best Military sims ever created. Amazing True-to-life graphics and a real sense of peril -coupled with one of the largest modding communities of any game means this will never get old. I "Must Buy" for any Military shooter/Sim.
game-hours: 58.3
review: I love this game so much. But you really need to enjoy these types of games in order to keep playing this title from Behemia Interactive. This game has it's ups and downs, first I'll start with the CONS .... You need a beefy computer to run it. This game is really taxing for your PC even though on max settings it doesn't look THAt amazing. It's only because of its huge map and sandbox gametype. This game also has a few bugs that you can ignore because it doesn't affect your gameplay. But this game is fun as hell. Delviering realistic gameplay like you are truely in the army fighting, I suggest putting on headphones and maxing out the effects sound option so those gunshots are loud! This game gets really intense, because you know even one bullet could end you... Overall I suggest you buy this game but maybe when it's on sale. If this game sounds amazing to you, then buy it now. 8.5/10
game-hours: 430.0
review: A3, better graphics, some things improved other things not. Still the same awesome feeling. This game is great, that won't change.... a must have!
game-hours: 135.7
review: its just the best shooter ive ever played the graphics are awesome the game play is realistic as a fps could ever be it is the PUB STOMBER of bf4 n cod what ever number or  name there up too
game-hours: 725.0
review: Freakin badass game.
game-hours: 67.1
review: Really awesome military simulator realistic while being fun and have amazing graphics! Also really awesome community with loads of game-modes and mods !
game-hours: 1295.0
review: While it may lack a bit of polish, overall, Arma 3 provides an entertaining combat sim.
game-hours: 370.6
review: Bought it in Alpha for Wasteland after enjoying it so much in Arma 2. Not too much was added when it went through Beta and Final Release. Now with Zeus, Battle Royale and a lot of other addons and mods coming it, there is too many reasons to list to buy and play this game. I've easily sunken another good day off from work just playing Zeus with my clan.
game-hours: 216.0
review: Extremley fun, extremely low price and a great amount of content, if you liked the previous Arma games then its a no-brainer, buy it!
game-hours: 35.2
review: Cool game Cool graphics Cool community.
game-hours: 3.5
review: not what i expected but it was interesting and fun for a little bit
game-hours: 91.8
review: IL GIOCO!
game-hours: 637.5
review: This could be a great game but is way too demanding....my PC beats the minimum requirements and still runs laggy no matter the setting even on the lowest settings its still bad,,,,,dont buy unless you have a HIGH Performance PC or it will be a waste of money. Keep in mind what ive described above was on solo/single player, online is much worse even if its a dedicated server. DONT CLICK THE BUY BUTTON YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED
game-hours: 221.6
review: "We'll let our modders add content" - This game is the most realistic mod making simulator to date.
game-hours: 42.1
review: This game is a very good game with lots of expansions graphics are great
game-hours: 164.4
review: Arma is love, Arma is life.
game-hours: 210.9
review: Watched some streams and videos about Altis life so even with the high price decided it "looked" fun. Umm, yeah, the Arma UI is all kinds of wonky. Switched to single player campaign to learn it a bit better and it was pretty meh out the gate. Lot of money for something that is everywhere for cheaper. Probablly be alot more fun for me if i had a group or some like minded people to play with. /EDIT\ I still stand by the wonky controls but i have grown fond of some of the mods. King of the hill and some others are quite fun. I cant say i am that good at them but i have gotten better the more i play. For the money it still seems overpriced, but some good gameplay is to be had at times.
game-hours: 561.6
review: It is complete  that I can not roll back on updates, I was so excited to play arma3 with friends tonight on a HOTH (mod) server now I cant play until the server updates, there is no  option to roll back or pick which update version to play on, the first big up for bohimiah! Well done, you knocked the pants off that one!!!
game-hours: 1251.1
review: Arma 3 is a vary good modern millitary shooter i highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 31.6
review: Try it and LOVE it :)
game-hours: 254.9
review: great sci fi
game-hours: 24.6
review: will no longer allow for conecting to friends servers
game-hours: 215.5
review: It's like real life but with helicopters
game-hours: 4.2
review: For New Zealand cant get into any servers due to the ping restrictions. the few you can are locked. Not worth wasting your time or money on unless you plan on playing single player.
game-hours: 141.2
review: Arma 3 is living from Multiplayer. You can have so much fun playing King of the Hills, Altis Life, Battle Royal, Breaking Point, Epoch (will come hopefully in the future), ... The Singleplayer campaign or the scenarios are good (scenarios are pretty goof to learn the controls of the game, if you haven't played any arma before), but you will spend more time online. If you like COD, BF, ... you maybe dislike Arma, because it is no "Arcade Action" game, but i personally love it, because it is so realistic. Its definitly a slower game than the mentioned other games, but that's an advantage in my opinion. Rating: 9.5/10
game-hours: 43.5
review: Amazing game, looks great has a good feel to it and the gameplay is fun and realistic.
game-hours: 326.5
review: I have played to much arma ...
game-hours: 38.8
review: Akik Szeretik a Szimultorokat, Azoknak rdemes Kiprblni Ezt a Jtkot. Ez Egy Egyedi Szimultor a Piacon Ugyanis Egy Katonai Szimultort Nem Nagyon Tallunk Ezen Kvl.
game-hours: 23.7
review: Runs like , just like Arma 2. The Arma series continues to be a game that has promise, and is actually good when it runs properly, but that isn't the case for a large portion of the player base. You think you have good hardware? Are you confident the computer you just spent a lot of money on is able to handle this game? Think again, perfomance seems to be completely random in this game. On one hand you have someone with a mediocre machine, runs the game fine, and on the other you have someone who spent a lot of time and money setting up his machine and he can barely run it. It's a lottery, and the chances of winning are low. This isn't a review, it's a warning. If you have ways to test the game on your machine before you buy it, do it! Otherwise you might regret your purchuse.
game-hours: 120.2
review: Amazing nice game! I think ARMA III can fit different kinds of players because of the wide varietty of gametypes, missions and similar. The game also has a really good modability which I really like since you can make the game to so many diffrent things. Don't get me wrong though, the game is great non-modded aswell! It's very fun to play with friends or just join a server and play with somone you haven't met before. The game is also really awesome to play on LAN's, especially if you're a few and play against eachother. I strongly recommend this game, especially if you have some friends to play with. Allthough if you don't, I recommend playing it anyways since it is a great way to make friends since you proabably have similar interests. If you don't have anyone to play with, you can always ask if me and my friends wanna play some. Kind regards Hugo , aka Pierre-Grt aka Grtman
game-hours: 95.5
review: Epic game, recommend it to anyone.
game-hours: 207.5
review: Beautiful game, I recommend it for RP players.
game-hours: 271.5
review: GOAT game, baller, and well mong. get this on sale or whatever, go to agia, wreck shop.
game-hours: 789.0
review: arma 3 is the best
game-hours: 972.4
review: Can't Get Enough
game-hours: 7.6
review: I recommend this game. Im a noob but one thing i know is im better than all of you# joking# lol#by
game-hours: 24.9
review: Well, this game is not for everyone. And yes, after the first minutes I said, WTF this game is  like nothing I have ever played, but only to discover that my previous shooter paradigmas, that I have picked up over the years, are overthrown like nothing I have ever encountered. This is the shooter I have been waiting for. This is some challenge, every time. The learning curve is steep, but once you will take your time and familiarize yourself with the controls and mechanics... What a blast! This is not your usual CS or CoD, this game is hard, this game is realistic as hell, no funny hit boxes, no limitless stamina like you are on some blue stuff, this game is about concealment, trajectory, calculating your every move and loadout, which gear you will take with you or not, thinking about what you are doing, where you will aim. Any yes, the rifle carried along the neck, can dodge bullets, so aim good. And yes the caliber matters, on penetration as well as what magazines you find on fallen soldiers. And no you won't see the bullets in total, you will see the mags you carry. You will see how much bullets are left in each when you load it or when you will look in your inventory. You will see dirt on your binos, you can lean left, right, and even lean a little bit more. Nine positions between standing and proning! Ever wanted to fly a drone? Jet, heli? This is your shooter, airplane, heli sim as well. Playing, my back in the times heavily scripted CS, since the 90s using my own crosshair design, and many between, this game is one of the best tactical and realistic shooters I have ever played. And yes, this game is somehow the MMO in the tactical shooters genre. Like you put Diablo, WoW, CS, CoD, Commandos, Supreme Commander, Sim City into a blender and add user generated content, missions and more, stir well. Yes it has some bugs and glitches, but I would like to compare this game with a good wine. As it gets older, it gets better. Yes even better ;) As an avid unix and console user, I certainly can compare this game to editors... CS ... is like Notepad, and ARMA 3, well this is the VI of tactical shooters. If you go Rambo, then you will be Mumbo.
game-hours: 1332.8
review: I'm going to make this review extremely short. This game is a very extreme sandbox/warfare simulator, I HIGHLY recommend this game for anybody able to run it. This game is extremely fun with Zeus-- the multiplayer sandbox/warfare simulator. You will not be dissapointed.
game-hours: 125.9
review: You're paying 5 more than we did for alpha release. get it if you have the RAM.
game-hours: 104.4
review: With this you can have fun !!!! ( Altis Life rpg ) If you want to be serious then you can have even more fun :) Altis Life rpg To be honest it took me a little while to adjust from playing Arma 2 to Arma 3 but once you have found your footing you'll be a right happy chappy :) At this time the game is on a free weekend so i recommend that you try it .
game-hours: 201.9
review: Supper Fun
game-hours: 115.7
review: Immersive, very nice graphic wise and with some huge maps that no other game has for this genre. it is more than a shot em up game, its an a very well rounded infantry simulator which should give a more realistic view of what is to be part of a conflict. Its no COD; it requires some patience and also a more tactical approach. This is also what makes it even more rewarding, managing to get something done, to complete challenging ( and plausible) missions. If you get involved on a good served with nice people around it is even better and for a plus, you've got tons of vehicles , weapons to play with. The campaigns are decent enough though there could have been some more depth and involvement but considering the great talent in the modding community and the total freedom given from the editor the size of the map, the different kind of units there will be plenty to do thanks them. The only negatives are : the ai , even though not scripted but more 'free'instead is sometimes stupid and frustrating and a big area i would like to see improved is the armoured warfare in this game: its too simplistic and basic ( damage, armour penetration ) which makes the heavy machinery not be the real beasts and danger one would think they are in real life ( despite their firepower and easiness to shoot things up ). If you are looking for some huge maps, something different from simple point and shoot games, quite good detail and also want to get a harder/challenging and semi-realistic approach to infantry warfare, I highly recommend ARMA III . Furthermore the content from the community is a huge advantage of its own. It just requires some patience and will to deal with occasional little frustrations from either the Ai or by the complexity of the game itself
game-hours: 82.2
review: Complex, difficult, but extremely rewarding. Great campaign, lots of mods and things you can do to it. Really shines when played as a group!
game-hours: 56.0
review: Slow-paced and heavily strategic/tactical. It's a game that may not be "fun", but it can be very immersive and tries to give you a breathtaking experience. If you're one of those guys that likes hardcore realistic simulation, then this game is definitely the best out there. Also it's more than just a game, it's a platform that has plenty of mods to keep you busy when the original theme of the game is not quite what you're looking for.
game-hours: 80.7
review: This game is awesome. A definite buy for anyone interested in realistic military simulations. There's a MOD for almost anything annoying you may find in the game which is a huge plus. You can create and edit your own missions. It doesn't get much better than this. If your on the fence about buying it, do yourself a favor, and buy it now while its on sale.
game-hours: 30.5
review: this game is awsome, if you are looking for a military based game that is as real as a game can get, then this game has your name writen all over it. you need communication, team work, and strategy to win, lone wolfing it or running guns blazin will fail like there is no tomorrow!
game-hours: 237.9
review: This game, epic. If you like war games (and who doesn't like war games?) then this game is perfect for you! Currently it's in Alpha so the map is "only" 20km^2 large, but the full map will be ~270km^2 large. I personally love this game, it's a MUST PLAY!
game-hours: 739.5
review: This game is by far one of the best tactical shooters i have ever played. I love the maps and the way the game feels in the way of how the weapons work, the movement, and the flow of the game just feel amazing.
game-hours: 1327.2
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 13.7
review: arma 3 lets see great graphics poor controls controls dont respond when doing action to many needs to be simpler to use
game-hours: 1887.1
review: best ever game
game-hours: 41.5
review: Great sequel, i personally love the new water features and combat. Still dosen't have the feel of the old Arma games though but great none the less!
game-hours: 34.4
review: would not rocomend buggy and just awfull to play just get arma 2
game-hours: 748.6
review: Amazing. Now with more FPS the game is running smoothly and is actually PLAYABLE now. In the past.. you need a hell of a computer. I RECOMMEND IT now.
game-hours: 97.0
review: Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 210.1
review: I am hiding behind a rock , the bullets richohet on the rocks top and hit the grass behind me. its a foggy day so I cant see much , puting my head out would kill me. I need to work out were the enemie is shooting me from befor they can flank me. so I observe the impact on the grass behind me , I can barly work out based on the impact of bullets from what direction they are firing. I peak out shoot about 10 burst in there direction and toss a grenade. I go back to hiding and crawl behind a tree that was near the rock. I can hear or see the enemie but I dont know if I killed them. so I slowly walk in a half sercle around the grenade impact. I see that they both went to were I was last. I aim , shoot and kill them both. non of this was a scriptied event it just happened. ARMAIII , like all ARMA games is a military sim that depends on both the devs and moders to give you the best military simulation out there.
game-hours: 27.2
review: 4.5/5 koska tss ei maistu salami
game-hours: 108.4
review: It is a cool game but I would play Arma 2 OA instead.
game-hours: 44.1
review: Huge maps, great gunplay (unlike ARMAs of old) and a great modding community. This game started out fantastic and will only get better with more mods and game modes. If it pops up in a steam sale do not hesitate. Buy it.
game-hours: 361.1
review: If you've loved any of the franchise... this one is just the next step in the evolution of the game. The game, in my opinion, seems to play smoother, the AI is a bit smarter, although it still seems like the enemy AI can spot you with ridiculous ease. With the community creating content, the possiblities for this game are endless. I kind of miss the realism of current existing weapons and vehicles and technology, but being set in the near future also gives the developers some creativity as well, and some of the included technology makes for an interesting experience. The campaign seems decent (at time of writing I've only played through the first installment). But the real meat of this game comes from user created content. For anyone who has never played any game in the franchise (Arma, Arma 2, Operation Flashpoint etc) this game has quite a large learning curve. That being said... ALL of the games have had the learning curve. But you have to start somewhere, with a bit of time and dedication, this game can and will be one of the most intense and realistic combat immersion experiences you'll ever find.
game-hours: 81.9
review: This game can offer you a lot of new experience and probably teach you some patience aswell. Yet I can't tell if you have to buy it or not, you must decide what you want and does this game have it. Apart from that it offers you a lot of SP missions - Campaign and player made missions aswell as MP which is incredibly awesome. Thumbs up for their project and good luck in development of this. For player's who don't have it - well .. you must know that there are bugs and issues in game, but that is not ruining gameplay in any way. (At least I haven't come up on such). If you have bought it, don't be shy and explore what it offers, this game is not meant to be bought and after failed MP (Get killed) or SP (Killed again) thrown out. Believe me it have much to offer! :)
game-hours: 145.8
review: Indeed
game-hours: 94.3
review: This is just one of those games you just need to own you will love and hate all the bugs in the game but stupid part is that is what makes it so good. highly recomended
game-hours: 380.3
review: Its fun. Thats why you play games... Right?
game-hours: 119.9
review: good simulator game. Love the detail,plus all the vehicles in the game. Recommend this game to military sim players.
game-hours: 17.9
review: cant even join a server 0/10
game-hours: 90.6
review: after Bohemia worked on the netcode and general multiplayer stability it is very fun to play!
game-hours: 41.6
review: hey what can i say
game-hours: 55.0
review: The game is fine the only problem for it is that its server dependent meaning,.. you need to find a good server in order to have a good game... it lacks offical game servers.
game-hours: 349.9
review: Really good game its an open world game u can do whatever u want.
game-hours: 205.9
review: The best combat/tactics/war game available today. And there are awesome mods where you can display how far bullets fly and how devastating they are!
game-hours: 1069.3
review: Although my recommendation is Yes, I would also slant a little to the No side if you do not have a beefy PC. The reason for this is if you wish to play any sort of Altis Life without a good PC it will not work. Mine only just made it and it's still not great. Although the gameplay side and once you do get in with all the mods is great.
game-hours: 316.4
review: Very realistic Military Simulation! So If you like it a little complicated but realistic I can only recommend this game. For me the key thing was the multiplayer its so much fun.
game-hours: 41.3
review: Never buy this game. Might be a great game, as all the other ARMA games were, but Battleye likes to randomly ban people so you can't play anymore. I spent at least $80 on All my ARMA games, and Dayz standalone, and because I never played them for a while, I one day get on and I find out that I was perminantly banned from all servers. Even after contacting Battleye support and Bohemia Interactive support they both they they cant do anything, even though Battleye told me that BI could give me a new copy, and they just deny it. These people just want to steal your money and let you never play the game again.
game-hours: 20.2
review: The only true military simulator! <3
game-hours: 791.7
review: Normally I would say: "Arma 3 is not a good game." But that would not be fair. Arma 3 has big problems. A netcode worse than the BF4 netcode, a poor framerate, at the very most an average campaign and more problems. But all that simply do not matter if it has one of the most active communities which is delivering extremely unique, exciting, funny, hard or just good modifications. And I like these kind of games. And there is the big strength of the game. Unlike other developers Bohemia Interactive does not aim for the ultimate game. They deliver a sandbox where the players can decide what they want to do with it. You want a military simulation? Well it is Arma... But try other things: roleplaying in Altis Life, surviving in Battle Royale or driving a parcour up in the sky with Skytrack - It is up to you. We have seen the success of DayZ and I am looking forward to all the other mods which will be released in future. BUT: Bohemia Interactive! Please solve the technical issues, especially the horrible desync and the poor framerates.
game-hours: 559.0
review: My favourite game, The arma series is great. There is so much to do now that the campain is complete, Zeus has been released, there is the editor and workshop to create your own content or play other poeples. Hopefully there is more to come
game-hours: 290.5
review: Best game I've ever purchased in my Lifetime. The modding community is off the charts along with the game itself. If you have the money. I reccomend purchasing it with no regrets. Best on steam in my opinion.
game-hours: 169.8
review: Two Words: Buy It
game-hours: 53.6
review: This is ARMA 3, not Call of Duty. You need to practice communication, strategy, situational awareness, as well as being able to LISTEN!!!!! Listening is above all else the most important. Unlike Fail of Duty, you need to help the squad you are in when in multiplayer mode; not who can have the biggest electronic  and showing they are on the top of the list. All this shows is that you are a gloryhog and a piss poor player, but mostly an , that will have you excluded from future multiplayer games. Also unlike Fail of Duty the calibre of rifles plays key as well as environment conditions, like bullet drop and wind. If you play Call of Duty, this game IS NOT FOR YOU! Go play with the other prepubescent inbreds, or socially/maturity  adults, to compare imaginary  with and see who is the biggest  of all. If you do like tactics and strategy, then this game is for you. Again, if you're a call of duty player, look forward to the next craptacular expansion of that horrible series.
game-hours: 15.6
review: What a great game!
game-hours: 93.0
review: its mint
game-hours: 65.1
review: Arma One Of The Greatest Combat Simulators Of All Time, Armed Assault May Run  On My PC but I Won't Lie It's Still Fun As Hell.
game-hours: 80.7
review: A big step up from the last Arma game.
game-hours: 969.0
review: Whatever you wished for when playing Ghost Recon...
game-hours: 1166.2
review: Nice game, Very nice community. Everyone will help you. A game with a great depth. Very nice teamplay. Great for LAN-party
game-hours: 170.0
review: Arma 3 and 2 is the best war game I have ever played it is like my number one favorite game
game-hours: 183.2
review: Amazing
game-hours: 80.1
review: waste of money even the real weapon doesnt move alot when you aim. graphics was good but when you aim its moves around alot dont know what they are trying to prove. even when i fire my m249 machine gune i can zero like in cicle but the weapon inthis game sucks.
game-hours: 334.1
review: Best game Evar 9/11 -IGN
game-hours: 214.6
review: osm
game-hours: 22.5
review: its so fun but i dont have it i just got it for free i want any arma games on my wish list arma 3 and 2 with day z i wood recommend this game to people who like to take there time and some game modes like br or wastland (fun modes) like get in there and get a gun and shot people i want to keep this game so much but i cant the game mode life you might want to keep a sever faved so you can go back to it (unlike me)
game-hours: 942.4
review: Simulator that only one in the earth that satisfied Graphics, Reality
game-hours: 211.7
review: One of the best games ever!
game-hours: 183.7
review: Arma 3 Offen used as a combat Sim for clans can be boring and demanding but the game itself is great the game looks and feals like an open world combat game, With that being said the Community behind it are very much the weakist link in the game modders clans and servers all think they own the game they like to play "I am higher ranked then you!" Moders dont code in the best way they can and then lie about what the game's engine can and cant do, There are fine pepole out there playing this game but MP is as with every other game full of pepole you would like to punch in real life. Is it worth the money? For Single player alone this game is worth it and MP/Mods are the 2th best thing in the game if you liked arma 2 you will also like arma 3. Arma 3 is only an upgrade to the already great Arma 2 new maps and content leave this game fealing freash and new. the one thing i hate the most about the game is the fact that it is based on prototype tanks planes atc THEY ARE NOT REAL! And this leaves the game fealing like a peace of the future not what i like imo
game-hours: 229.4
review: Arma 3 is a really good game. If you love Arma 2 strategic and realistic fps'es, this is the game for you. But if you don't like strategic , and you rather play CoD than Arma 2, etc. you rather not buy this game. You like it, or not. Arma 3 is really fun if you play Multiplayer with your friends, or make a Tunngle LAN match and play co-op missions or sandbox. Some buildings will break if you explode them with an RPG, like the tower in the Stratis air base, try it for yourself if you have it!
game-hours: 37.1
review: Same.
game-hours: 83.7
review: ARMA 3 in SHORT! The good: - nice graphics - good sound (guns etc.- but some problems with 5.1 SS) - large map - lots of gear - MP - COOP The bad: - the AI (it sucks AAAASSSSS, like no other I have ever seen - really, both your team mates and the enemy) - animations and the movements of soldiers are robotic* (with AI) - (MP) server lags with large No. of players
game-hours: 231.0
review: Game of the century.Nothing comes close to this for realism,community,modding and downright great fun.The learning curve is steep,but wonderfully rewarding.Do yourself a favour and upgrade your gaming rig,a good sound system,a crate full of beer and join in the chaos.
game-hours: 1344.8
review: This game is a dynamic sandbox that allows to do anything affiliated with the military whether it is multiplayer or singleplayer. ArmA 3 has a large modding community that come up with mods that improves your gameplay and its almost like every mod is a little DLC. Even though bohemia interactive hasn't released any cool or big DLC's doesnt't mean they won't in the future. I love this game and I'd rate it a 9.5/10
game-hours: 134.1
review: A game that gets your heart going, whether it is in altis life or just some of the MP missions. This game is great.
game-hours: 157.2
review: This is a very involved game but a lot of fun very real gameplay and awesome physics
game-hours: 196.7
review: Experience true combat gameplay in a massive military sandbox. Deploying a wide variety of single- and multiplayer content, over 20 vehicles and 40 weapons, and limitless opportunities for content creation, the PCs premier military game series is back. Authentic, diverse, open - Arma 3 sends you to war.
game-hours: 234.2
review: If your pc isnt good dont buy it
game-hours: 300.3
review: this game, for lack of a better term is perfect. as someone who is sick of general fps games this is a godsend.
game-hours: 437.9
review: from the guys that brought you that game with the takistanis comes a sequal in which comma usage is practically zero. the game now features less  factions such as CSAT and NBA 2k12 oh and did i forget to mention now you can aim your rifle properly. all in if it i had to chose between rescuing an already redeemed arma cd key on a sheet of paper and my best friend from falling off a cliff in Iowa.... dont know how the cliff got there, but i would chose the arma key because armsma is mein leibe armsma ist meine leute ich bin auto
game-hours: 1135.6
review: Great game. the life servers are amazing!
game-hours: 25.7
review: Much better than Arma 2 (better gameplay, controls, graphics & performance). Solid buy.
game-hours: 37.0
review: Major improvements over ArmA 2. Set in the future of 2034, there are new weapons, vehicles, aircraft, and factions. The graphics are incredible, with all-new stance positions to adapt to cover or conceal yourself. There are two new maps: Stratis, a 20 km squared "military island", and Altis, 270 km squared island that gives us the biggest map of the Armed Assault series. You will be able to do everything like in ArmA 2 and ArmA 2: OA, such as zeroing, sniping, flying, operating, etc. What you will be able to do that you couldn't do is scuba diving. There is a more easier inventory system rather than slots there is the amount of space you have. It's just a great game; highly recommended.
game-hours: 62.8
review: The best ing warfare simulator you will play in your life, with seriously addictive mods and multiplayer gamemodes. Bow down to the king of military sandboxes. 10/10
game-hours: 304.1
review: A true military simulation game. You want a war game thats more realistic, here it is, straight up and in your face. Nothing on this game is easy, putting over 100 hours into it and you'll realise you've barely stratched the surface. Loads of variety in mulitplayer gameplay in the form of mods and missions created by, well, everyone. Teamplay is the key, no Call of duty style #t, mission variety is crazy big, wasteland style free for all's to full scale Invade & Annex, 7+ classes, Tonnes of personalisation options and some real moments that will surprise and satisy you Any Troll's you wonder?, Nope... tough admins patrol the servers 24/7 keeping them beneath there slimy bridges. Anything I dont like'? Aside from the, for the most part terrible AI *cough*Pvt.Miller*cough* in the campaign, plus missions that make no sense, the satistafion from taking down a group of incredibly accurate OpFor Bad Guys whilst your AI teamates are on mid-mission naptime is a treat, but who am I kidding who plays the campaign anymore? Gameplay is sexy, there are a few bugs, but hey! have you ever played a shooter where you can drag yourself around on you  like a dog and kill enemies? i thought not. There are so many little details like 9 different stances, dragging downed allies to safety, realsistic kickback/sway of guns and my favourite, The Penguin Walk. Overall awesome smooth gameplay, unparallel variety, always FREE new content, Great teamplay mechanics, a little bit of something for anyone's playstyle and just a good chunk of First Person Shooter for your addiction. 5/5
game-hours: 1167.0
review: Make Arma not War...
game-hours: 103.7
review: An absolutely beautiful looking game. If you like military combat that's about decision making more than how good you are with a gun then this is a game for you. the simulatory aspect, with a huge arsenal of vehicles and weapons. with amazing steam workshop support and game mods, all coupled into a new engine with ragdoll physics, smoother frame rate on an absolutely massive real world island makes this game a fantastic, realistic and fun playing experience.
game-hours: 92.0
review: Love it or hate it, but you won't be on the fence about it. I love it and if I had time it would swallow my life whole. (Un?)Fortunately there's another (none) game out there that can do the same; Rocksmith 2014 and I can't put that one down either so at tqeh moment RS2014 is winning out, but I have no doubt I will return to Arma 3 and loose a whole other chunk of my life!!!
game-hours: 9.2
review: VERY GOOD GAME!
game-hours: 45.8
review: Very good military simulator.
game-hours: 29.1
review: in my opionion i prefer arma 2 op arrowhead, however this game is more customizable with your character (always a good thing) and it is definatle more pretty than A2. if your into the growing "futuristic" modern warfare games, this is a great one!
game-hours: 54.2
review: Earlier today I was in a game where this guy "Jack" would just repeatedly teamkill everyone. The person in charge of the game smote him with a ing crazy lightning bolt, and spawn butterflys on his corpse. Then we had an ATV race down a ravine, and the GM called a missile strike on the finish line. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 156.5
review: ooooh man
game-hours: 42.0
review: Zeus was the best thing to ever happen to this game!
game-hours: 67.1
review: It Nice. Very Nice.
game-hours: 247.8
review: If you enjoy playing battlefield and are looking for a good military game then this is for you. The only limitation is what you can imagine, as most things have been made by the amaxing modding community, and if you don't want to make your own missions then either play the best ARMA campaign ever! Or just download one from the community.
game-hours: 46.4
review: lol
game-hours: 78.2
review: good step over arma2 gj bis
game-hours: 98.7
review: This is the best Military sim i have ever played it is very fun way better then COD or Battlefield
game-hours: 112.8
review: Arma 3 Core is already pretty good , but with Mods its epic.
game-hours: 269.8
review: Gets better with every update! Modding community is growing my the minute. Must have for any tactical or military buff.
game-hours: 6.3
review: great game
game-hours: 182.5
review: One of the best games ever
game-hours: 90.8
review: Altis Life, Breaking Point MAAAHHHH 10/10 COOP 10/10
game-hours: 1051.3
review: Arma 3, A game of deception and hardwork. I find this game to be really fun at some points like in combat or flying a helicopter. It is very frustrating at some points when the medic doesnt revive you or when you die (CO-OP) then you have to go all the way back to your location depending on the map it can be a far distance. Overall, when you do get a kill it is something very honorable and a great feeling of achievment because it is usually very hard to get kills when all of the enemies are shooting at a big squad and you dont know what is going on. The controls may be a little hard to master at first like the game mechanics but overtime playing it you will get the concept and learn how to have alot of fun.To Conclude, This game was worth the 30 $ i paid for it in the Alpha and maybe even 60 at some circumstance. +1 from me.
game-hours: 48.1
review: highly recommend
game-hours: 38.3
review: Buy it for the multiplayer.
game-hours: 218.1
review: yesh
game-hours: 51.8
review: Good game with friends :3
game-hours: 2.3
review: One of the best walking simulators on the market. Challenges even day z
game-hours: 415.5
review: If you love milsim, or just the realism and simulation, then ArmA is the game for you! ArmA 3 specifically is much better optimized, at least for me so far, than the previous games. Huge improvements since ArmA and ArmA 2!
game-hours: 20.6
review: I played ArmA before DayZ came out. Now it's so ing mainstream. I'm tired of this .. . Don't even buy this crap. It's terrible and everyone who plays is either a giant  or a  12 year old .
game-hours: 60.6
review: you can wiggle 10/10
game-hours: 87.7
review: Arma 3 is a over the top army simulator unlike its sister (arma 2) it has more world to explore and more weapons to fire.Arma 2 was super buggy and didn't have any good animations and voice acting.But Arma 3 fixed all of that plus added more of it. WHAT I LIKED This game has amazing graphics its detail everywhere!.The voice acting kinda makes it a AAA game instead of a AA game. It has a bunch of  to do!! like multiplayer where you can either be a normal person making money and having his own car or be a army soldier and be with your team and kill the other army and capture bases OR even play with friends and play that Arma 3 DayZ mod plus theres Co-op missions that you can play!! This also has a editor to learn and have fun to play..You can spawn in anything you like plus more.This game has a story mode but i really never got into it since im ing stuck on a part that i cant beat.But the story mode gives you a life in Arma 3 like you atleast get to know that your not the only one of the planet! This game has graphic controls like a ing space ship everything you need you have it!! WHAT I HATED Ok this isnt for me but YOU NEED A BEEFY PC TO RUN THIS GAME!!!!! IF YOUR PC/LAPTOP DOESNT HAVE A GPU IN IT DONT EVEN!!! I have a beefy PC but i still go down to 20fps on high!!! i even beat the requierments!!.the online community for Atlas Life are ing 5 year old kids/teenagers that are ing jerks..if you wanna have fun in atlas life you gotta ing send in app to a website LIKE A JOB!!! and hope you get a TeamSpeak interview!!..And thats how to become a cop.the only good multiplayer i played was Wasteland.The driving damage!!! omg i went 10 mph and then hit a rock and my tire got destryed plus my engine!!! COME ON!! VERDICT Ok this is one of my favroite games so ill give it 8.5/10
game-hours: 758.5
review: good fun but  frames
game-hours: 211.7
review: So fun
game-hours: 92.5
review: This game changes my out-look on future games forever. At first, controls are overwhelming, but now I want to beable to do all of these things in alot of the games I play. vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv I really really like this game... but can not recommend it to my friends to buy. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ It even in 'full version' feels super beta'y... The buildings and land scape looks good but is dead, without life to it. The AI is either is super noob (can land a helicopter on a group of 4 without them firing back) or hardcore as hell (firing a pistol at 1000meters getting head shots(at 800 meters a rifle shot will fall like 4 feet)) single player kinda blows Game looks amazing though, fun to run around, mods with armorys are great too, night time with some ducking exsplosion... With some good programing and fixes, this could be an A+ game... and not a beta game. final 6/10 (it hurts to only give it a 6...) P.S. Story time. One time me and my boy Seraix, online multiplayer, got in a car. Went off to do our own thing, scout the area what not. A group of 3 friendlies in a pickup see us and start to follow us. Well we wanted to solo a little so I start off-roading to shake them. I made a hard right before a fense, the pickup passes but tries to make the turn, the break through the fense and drive into a large rock, flipping their truck... they start to get out, the truck blows up, the bright flame lights the night, I was like 15 feet away, my screen was all a white flare, you could hear the screams of the 3 guys over the radio and me and my buddy could not stop laughing. It was amazing.
game-hours: 206.2
review: Good for Battle Royale, only if it's Hardcore/ Zeus is worth trying it is awesome in my opinion, also Epoch will be released soon so A3 is worth playing!
game-hours: 362.1
review: Cool game :)
game-hours: 737.7
review: Love it, or hate me. Great Sandbox, a living community, wonderful graphics, a lot of missions trough Steam-Workshop, and the Zeus add-on (for free) combines ego-shooter with real-time strategy.
game-hours: 300.1
review: liek 10/10 - IGN m8 you will not even know what is happening but den you step on a explosive and die. 10/10
game-hours: 150.0
review: this is a brilliant army based game even better than call of duty
game-hours: 142.2
review: Good, great potential but to expensive for what you get atm.
game-hours: 697.1
review: If you are looking for a more realistic experience from a first-person/third-person shooter, then this game is most definitely for you.
game-hours: 157.3
review: Game is boring as  if you don't have friends.You'll die repeatdly and just get frustrated,eventually realising you wasted 6 hours when you could play something good like dayz. DON'T BUY UNLESS YOU HAVE FRIENDS. And a good pc I get 13fps and im fine but I've never played a game any higher so it goes to personal preferance.
game-hours: 30.0
review: Wery gud
game-hours: 4.7
review: THIS GAME IS BROKEN!!!!! RIP OFF REPORT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! JUST BOUGHT THE GAME AND CANT PLAY MULTI PLAYER FOR MORE THEN 2-5 MIN BEFORE IT CRASHES TO DESKTOP. MY COMPUTER IS MORE THEN CAPABLE OF RUNNING THIS BROKEN GAME AND CHECKING ON THE FORUMS THERES 100'S OF PEOPLE WITH THE SAME ISSUE AND NO RESPONCE FROM Bohemia Interactive! I COULD HAVE PISSED ON THE $60 I SPENT FOR THIS GAME AND HAD LESS FRUSTRATION. BUYER BEWARE THIS GAME IS BROKEN!!!! BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!!!!
game-hours: 70.7
review: Arma 3 is a good game. That if you havent played Arma 2. This game doesnt have the same feel or the same look as Arma 2. Arma 2 is a better game in almost every way. This game feel likes it was cut short. It doesnt feel done. Anyway, if you want a good Arma game, go ahead and get Arma 2 and operations arrow head. Not a bad game, but arma 2 is much better. Oh, and my i add this game is an FPS hell. It doesnt play well at all, and its looks awful doing so
game-hours: 19.6
review: Why did I buy this?
game-hours: 99.2
review: Alpha version of the military simulater Arma III. Worth you time, if you enjoy tactical immersion!
game-hours: 1859.4
review: This Game Shows that MP games for Consoles have so very long a distance to catch up.
game-hours: 22.2
review: Biggest waste of cash in a long time. So poorly optimised that i can hardly get over 6 FPS, and i know for a fact that the issue is not my computer. Would certainly not recommend until Bohemia optimises this game, although, judging by Arma 2, that may never happen.
game-hours: 103.8
review: If you enjoyed arma 2 you will definitly like this one aswell. The graphics are really nice and the missions are awesome too. There are some nice mods aswell that will keep you play this game after you are done with singleplayer
game-hours: 118.3
review: The best military game i have ever played!!!
game-hours: 293.2
review: Arma 3. One of the games that is just so hard to review because of the many different ways you can go about it. Lets just say, I recommend it if you like 30 FPS even with a mid to high end pc's. Very heavy on CPU and not very well optimised, but it's ArmA. What you get is huge maps. Love it.
game-hours: 295.4
review: Not worth 35.
game-hours: 149.1
review: ITS FREAKING GREAT
game-hours: 601.0
review: Best Game so far
game-hours: 251.3
review: Its time to kick  n chew bubble gun. And im all out of gum.
game-hours: 545.5
review: Rated one of the best Simulator of this year, it needs some work, but mods help make it feel better made with the stock Arma 3 isn't good. Sure, it is the newest it still in development, i hope in the future they will add more vehicles and weapons
game-hours: 504.5
review: Very very fun game, especially with zeus mode. Get it.
game-hours: 1324.0
review: Arma 3 is simply astounding. This game is by far the most realistic game I've ever played as far as visuals go. Of course, the sounds are amazing,too. And the gameplay. I think this game is the only non-horror game that has actually made my heart race, because of the intense multiplayer action. It is all just so beautifully perfect. I can't get enough of this game. The only downside that I have noticed (the only major one, anyway), is that it does not contain any real weapons or vehicles, although I must say that the weapons and vehicles that they have added instead feel just like a legitimate weapon or vehicle would. Great job BIS!
game-hours: 28.1
review: Got sniped and tea bagged 15/10 Would bang over a dirty table.
game-hours: 552.4
review: Itll make you rage... Itll kick you in the teeth... Itll suck the essence of your PC like no other (Due to bad optimization)... but that sensation of being a tiny cog in a complex machine, of delivering precise CAS strikes, of being deep into enemy lines, of engaging that enemy squad so far away from your location... Defending Kamino against the relentless hordes of CSAT, battling through the Salt Fields of Altis in your Slammer, Flying low with your Pawnee near the wind generators of the NW, engaging in CQB in the houses of Kavala, providing accurate information with your Darter while your men advance on Pyrgos. It is YOUR War... only thing is choosing how to fight it. The latest of BIS, giving the player freedom since 2001.
game-hours: 685.3
review: I have had endless hours of fun with this game it is absoulutely amazing, GET THE GAME!!!
game-hours: 93.6
review: this is a MUST buy if you like shooters and strategy games.
game-hours: 202.7
review: I started of playing ArmA 2 but came out somewhat frustrated because of the controls and interface, the game explored new concepts but was not an enjoyable or intuitive interace. ArmA 3 and a completley different expirience for me. The game still looked and felt like ArmA 2 but they have fixed my few problems that I had with the previos game, making probebly the best expirience in a game ive had in a long time, The map "Armory 2" by Happy Comedy makes the game easier to learn alowing players to test out vehiclels, a must have map. The 60 dollar price point can turn people off but trust me, if you are looking for vehiclels, guns, boats, scuba diving, drones, tanks, cars, planes, helicopters, and a @#$% ton of amazing and cool mods, this game is definitly for you. -Fuze
game-hours: 37.4
review: Broken.
game-hours: 1259.6
review: my virtual life is taking over my real life for the first time:)
game-hours: 53.8
review: Arma is an extremely fun, open game which anyone can enjoy. It truly is the military simulator and there are a lot of people that take this game extremely seriously so watch out for that. The various mods for this in the workshop and online are extremely entertaining and fun to play and as soon as you have money for this game, buy it. Be wary of the price though, you might want to wait for a sale or shop around.
game-hours: 219.5
review: This game is totally worth the money. I play this game everyday. The most fun game you will ever play on the computer.
game-hours: 85.0
review: Arma II Operation Arrowhead  on this sad excuse of a trilogy. If Call of Duty or Battlefield is your type of game then this ones for you.
game-hours: 39.6
review: wasteland and atlis life is the best addons
game-hours: 168.6
review: Good game
game-hours: 72.8
review: ONE OF THE BEST MILITARY SIMS EVAR!!! btw it seems the reason why we get FPS drop in MP is becuz player character KILLS FPS more than AI in SP?
game-hours: 200.6
review: One of the most engaging and expandable (workshop, mods, gamemodes etc.) shooters of our time. Well worth it.
game-hours: 634.8
review: This is a great game. No matter what you like: a game to mess around in, running around as chickens or a tactical shooter where teamwork is the key. It is pretty well rounded, any role: if it be a fighter pilot or an infantry soldier, is available for use.
game-hours: 235.8
review: I would recomend you buying this game because it is absolutely one of the greatest games.
game-hours: 57.8
review: its pretty fun
game-hours: 84.3
review: Really nice game. Never thought a game could be such a nice simulation in anything :D
game-hours: 74.2
review: Seriously a great game. Amazing for modding. It's definitely worth the $60.
game-hours: 200.9
review: absolutely love it! but wish it was alot! less CPU intensive. if you have a 2010 or lower PC with intel i5 or better dont even think of this game you wont beable to run it at a reasonable FPS
game-hours: 221.4
review: It's pretty dope.
game-hours: 378.9
review: operation flashpoint arma arma 2 british forces operation arrow head queens gambit arma 3 same maps , same Ai scripts , same same same. well supported community , great clan game.
game-hours: 103.1
review: Bought the game... Never played it...
game-hours: 39.6
review: Buy this game or you have no soul
game-hours: 80.9
review: Great game if you have the patience to play it. You may sit in a bush for 30 mins and still not see a single enemy. ing realism but that is the beauty of it. Many mods to keep you occupied.
game-hours: 82.5
review: Highly recommended! as no big fan of any FPS genre, i found this release impressively beautiful, complex, and truly a representation of Military simulation game we're long to. my fascination to the series began when BI, together with CM in the old days released Operation Flashpoint, then the next release such as Cold War Crisis, the first Armed Assault up til the third installment. Gamers with high preference of immersion and reality would actually addicted to this Beta-state game; which will be developed more as the community demands more realistic, more challenging battleground. I recommend you buy it now, before its development completes and eventually released in full-version. Cheers :)
game-hours: 83.3
review: Amazing sound and ambience in the third installment. The ultra realism and amazing custom creations from the community makes this game very different, from life simulation and full scale war. Simply stunning, but dont expect a good single player campaign, get a better campaign from the steam workshop
game-hours: 85.9
review: is game is fun and good to do team work with the people around you I honestly think this game is very fun and very stressful to being against other players. But this game is always encouraging other players and makes everyone do teamwork. Causing the situation to be fun and more active .+1
game-hours: 34.7
review: Arma 3 is one of my favorite games!!!! the only flaw it has is being really hard to get into and understand
game-hours: 854.1
review: Brilliance!
game-hours: 85.9
review: love it!
game-hours: 42.4
review: THE most realistic military games ever i have seen headcams of soilders and its closer than call of duty. The campaign is amazing but chances are that you wont play it. Don't play altis life though it ruins the game. CO-OP is really fun. but unless you mod there are no m4's which is a bit boring which is why i still play arma 2. But over all its a really good game.
game-hours: 59.6
review: Extremely good game great single player better multiplayer and tons of mods/addons/maps/custom missions and alot more. Must buy.
game-hours: 32.6
review: Great game!!!
game-hours: 18.9
review: This game is very fun, but Battle Eye is a pain. They Globally Banned me for my CD key being stolen and my account was used for hacking. They told me it was my own fault for get my account hacked and my CD Stolen. Battle Eye is a horrible Company and I have no idea why any one uses their serves. If I was you I wouldnt get the game because you will probably get banned in the next week and waste $60. This game is not worth your time or your money.
game-hours: 252.4
review: An amazing game, I recommend to only players who have patience and are skilled. This is not an easy game to play.
game-hours: 118.4
review: best game ever My friend made D-day
game-hours: 167.5
review: Oh yeah.
game-hours: 2.7
review: ing Grphics, Laggy and Buggy... This Game sucks.
game-hours: 1271.7
review: ing fantastic game. May have multiple bugs and glitches like ARMA 2 but this game has many wonderful mods and mission files like: Breaking Point, Wasteland, Altis life, Battle Royale, and one of my favorites from ARMA 2 Invasion 1944. My suggestion is that you buy this game. Owned it for 4 months now cant even stop playing now im at nearly 400 hours.
game-hours: 1493.6
review: ing best game ever
game-hours: 5.0
review: I have brought every single Arma game and never actually played the games themselves. But the mods are worth the buy alone so 10/10
game-hours: 184.9
review: A simple review will not give just to how good ARMA3 is. I can write a thousand word review about the scales of battle, weapons, vehicles or the simple yet briliant feature of your character changing stances but a 10min video will convey a much better message with stunning visuals. Definetly watch a gameplay video and make sure to check out one that demonstrates the way you can change your stances. I highly recommend getting ARMA3 and for me is a big improvement on ARMA2.
game-hours: 11.8
review: Good but you need to try and get the game on apple!!!!
game-hours: 332.2
review: Great game! It's everything great that Arma 2 had & then some! Another added bonus being that despite DayZ Standalone launching DayZ mod development is in full force & now there are Arma 3 DayZ mods. All the pretty graphics, physics etc. that make Standalone great plus all of the content that made the DayZ mods great! The campaign is amazing, the multiplayer is amazing (Zues now allows in game editing in multiplayer so a GM figure can change a mission for those playing on the fly). Arma 3 is simply great! It has its bugs, but those are to be expected from a studio as small as Bohemia & they're rather quick about fixing them too. I can't rave enough about this game!
game-hours: 102.0
review: Arma III is a great game, entertainment and graphics wise. The workshop feature is pretty cool as well. Being able to download player made missions, and derp around with vehicles and the wide variety of weaponry make the game fantastic. It's not for everyone, not nearly as fast paced as CoD, CS, and even BF. Some of the stuff on the workshop are good enough to be games of their own. The scuba diving is awesome! 10/10
game-hours: 216.7
review: Better than Arma 2 , war simulator Co-op awesomeness with explosives
game-hours: 254.7
review: If you like OFP/Arma1 and up, you will like this. Only thing is I would not but it for 59.99 Do you recommend this game? if it goes on sale.
game-hours: 421.0
review: Much wow.
game-hours: 323.1
review: Best Game to enjoy tactical yet Hard Core gameplay in multiplayer
game-hours: 222.5
review: top would buy again
game-hours: 784.3
review: Very good game, a lot to do on here. Worth a buy:D
game-hours: 10.0
review: the game is very good simulator and graphics fantastics for one game
game-hours: 237.1
review: Great game highly recomend it. The Zeus mode is great not much I would change. In my opinion Arma 3 needs bigger planes(c-130, globmaster something like those).
game-hours: 18.6
review: This game and is daily updates -_- but its a good game lol.
game-hours: 41.7
review: Awesome game.The graphics are so nice and the gameplay is so smoth
game-hours: 27.4
review: I bought this game on a whim. I have not played any of the previous ARMA games in the series. What little knowledge I had of this game is from the few time my favorite twitch streamer choose to play battle royale. The grainy streams DO NOT do this game justice. I was quite surprised just how large the download file was. But when I first booted it up and started the campaign I realized why. This game is ing gorgeous. The sounds... I have shivers thinking about the eargasm I had. Single player gameplay, I have just the first part of the campaign. The FEELS. I'm there, on the ground, bullets ing flying everywhere. Where are they coming from!? The squad leader is calm as . How? I don't ing know! Then he dies, and the next ranked officer takes over like nothing happens. Holy  mate, that er just died and now you're telling me we're advancing!? At least let me take the poor guy's ammo - cause I can't shoot properly under this much stress. Multiplayer game play... I do not have. I have no friends to play this with. Why? Because they have store bought computers/laptops. Also, its just not worth it to play this game on minimum settings. I also live in Hawaii (with hawaii internet speeds), far from most multiplayer severs. But, I still like this game.
game-hours: 520.7
review: One of the greatest sandbox games.
game-hours: 1327.0
review: they could have done it a lot better but they have no competition and I love the gameplay :)
game-hours: 6.5
review: Got in a game of Stratis wasteland, joined up with some Bluefor, lagged out so much that trucks were spazing in and out of the time-space continuum. Took one step forward and then died. 1000000000000000000000000000/10 would lag again.
game-hours: 5.9
review: If you have aspergers, or just suffer from a mild retardation, this game is perfect for you. I, no different from people who play this game probably do it with friends, which means its another one of those games you purchase using a fair amount of currency, only being able to play it once every blue moon. The graphic capability of this game, combined with all the MODs and possible actions on the game, makes it a nest for all that is nerdy on games. This game makes you feel you are more than just a fat, mentally challenged, reddit reader and  poster, but sulks into the deep portion of your soul which demands more action in your life, making you feel good watching the controlled fit digitally created alpha male move around while imagining it to be a representation of yourself. Would give a better score if voxel mining were implemented.
game-hours: 126.6
review: Nice graphic, gameplay is pretty good. Story/Missions not so if you are looking for a singplayer game don't buy this game. All the fun is really in the multiplayer. A lot of different gamemodes and servers. SINGLEPLAYER: 4/10 MULTIPLAYER: 9/10 ALL IN ALL: 7/10
game-hours: 100.3
review: Great game
game-hours: 252.8
review: Best game I have ever played
game-hours: 1457.7
review: Amazing game, would recommend to anyone with a pc good enough to run it!
game-hours: 141.7
review: Massive game, great job love it
game-hours: 92.9
review: Worth getting!
game-hours: 96.1
review: good for altis life but need friends to have it
game-hours: 55.8
review: Dobra gra, polecam. Hajs, koks, przestpstwa, dostawanie wpierdzielu. Wszystko o czym marzysz, Altis life no life.
game-hours: 229.4
review: good
game-hours: 20.7
review: Tried to do a backflip in a helicopter, didn't press Z whilst upside down... I died. 99/11
game-hours: 127.3
review: Love it!
game-hours: 24.9
review: Too expensive I can't play with my friends XD
game-hours: 61.8
review: So much amazing action, why arent you playing!?
game-hours: 126.8
review: 10/10 look boodyful would bang
game-hours: 409.8
review: Brilliant... simply brilliant. Needs some premium hardware to play, but other than that, it is worth Your money.
game-hours: 463.2
review: Best game ive ever played , good graphics , no bugs , reallife simulator #Bestgame2014
game-hours: 614.9
review: Very fun game with a lot of mods and a lot more always coming into the game definetly worth buying if you can run it.
game-hours: 190.6
review: Best Milsim yet.
game-hours: 5.3
review: I crashed a helicopter and made a grown man cry because we all died and lost the mission. 20/10
game-hours: 55.9
review: Arma 3 great MilSlim game
game-hours: 75.6
review: Best looking game of the year so far, not to mention great gameplay
game-hours: 41.3
review: i became an apple picker and a cannabis druglord in less than an hour 10/10
game-hours: 62.9
review: Easily the best small island simulator I've ever played. Loads of trees and flies!!!
game-hours: 310.9
review: Since I bought this game all other games have taken the back seat. Arma is so much fun and much more fun when played with friends. This game is ver much worth the purchase!!!!!
game-hours: 11.9
review: It's a game.
game-hours: 107.2
review: Quite possibly the worst game I have ever played. Vehicle control is stupid. Helicopters are impossible to control. Your tank crew is borderline . Enemy hitbox is the size of a pixel, meanwhile yours can be hit while you are behind a house. Biggest waste of money ever. This game is an aweful scam.
game-hours: 1107.3
review: this game is great fun and i will always come back to this game if i am sad
game-hours: 300.8
review: really good game. If you liked ArmA 2... You Will Like ArmA 3 Better!
game-hours: 160.8
review: If you have a high end gaming pc and you are interested in heavy military simulators definitly get this game. It's the few of it's kind with that much detail and that level of simulation. It's a really fun game.
game-hours: 85.3
review: Greates Millitary sim ever made, if realism interests you then buy it. 11/10 would play again.
game-hours: 14.3
review: army simulator
game-hours: 76.4
review: Greatest Army Simulator ever, hard to get into, slow paced at times, but greatest at what it is, do reccomend.
game-hours: 263.2
review: Fun Game Its best played with friends though however it does feel very realistic and it takes a bit to get used to if ur used to more close ranged FPS
game-hours: 158.7
review: Best military simulator out there. Its still clunky as hell like ARMA II, but we still love it anyways.
game-hours: 22.2
review: Has Goats!
game-hours: 39.0
review: Incredibly fun, especially the Wasteland MP mode.
game-hours: 6.8
review: Really good game. If you've played ARMA 2 then this is very similar, if you don't like ARMA 2 then you won't like this either. Pretty much a complete upgrade from ARMA 2 with graphics ect. It's hard to explaine what this game is and if you will like it. I just recommend you go watch a few videos on it.
game-hours: 99.3
review: It's one of those games you just have to get
game-hours: 85.1
review: Multiplayer 8/10 - its really great; loads of features, replayablility etc. Could do with some new weapons, but for now the multiplayer works very well. Single Player - 2/10 - It sucks. Utterly. You die all the time, AI have laser accuracy and X-ray vision, you fail missions for no reason, i.e. the UAV section on Death Valley - there is no indication of what to do or where to look in this segment, and you have a 2min timer on it. It's pointless. Overall, in my experience the campaign - even on recruit - is frustrating and a complete waste of time. Don't bother. Four frustrating hours to complete the first 3 missions with over 40 mission fails (mostly due to deaths) is pointless.
game-hours: 21.7
review: ing spent 120 euro's to get 3 coppies... Steam gives 40% discount 2 days later..  YOU!! besides this game ed up.
game-hours: 113.0
review: Its a Boss  .......Nuff said
game-hours: 807.5
review: Sandbox & Editor, what else could you need more?  MP, Armaholic, Workshop
game-hours: 84.4
review: Is good
game-hours: 48.7
review: Game
game-hours: 252.7
review: Great game, so much to do with the new zeus mode patience is key to success in this game the game is graphically awesome at night time lighting is great overall fun game
game-hours: 73.0
review: Breaking Point. Play it. Seriously.
game-hours: 568.7
review: This game is a Tactical Realism genre, you should only buy this game (59.99$ USD) If you like a Tactical Realism Game. Or if you are a Arma 2 fan..There are not just Millitary Missions also There is Atlis Life RPG.Wasteland (PvE) PvP This game has an Active Community In The workshop uploading awesome Missions used with the Editor.They just recently added a 3D Editor Called Zeus which will lets you strike lightning at people!.There are still glitches in the game but the devs are working hard to fix it.Guess What no hackers!But the Arma Physics Are Ape .. And finnaly if you dont like the original game there is the moded version! DayZ Breaking Point,has been released. New weapons,Vechicles and maps for a new experience every time.Arma 3 can get repetitive if you dont switch to another gamemode. The games graphics are beautiful :D a huge improvement compared to Arma 2. ;D If you wanna check if you're pc can run this game google can i run Arma 3?
game-hours: 340.5
review: Get it while it's hot!
game-hours: 258.2
review: Soo much!
game-hours: 97.8
review: yes i red rconnend it but its not working on my computer it was a waste of money
game-hours: 1.9
review: It is very good game for all ages. I will recommend all of you that game, reasons: 1) Graphigs 2) Story 3) Multyplayer I hope you like this game! ;) I do like it :p
game-hours: 11.3
review: Its kind of like Day Z but without the zombies. I dont get it
game-hours: 1.3
review: You should get this game because it is a war simulator, also has Altis life which is a city RPG and a epic campain.
game-hours: 22.3
review: The game is the best shoot seen cal of duty i would buy i
game-hours: 238.1
review: This is one of the better games I have played from graphics to gameplay. It has multiple new weapons and vehicles, AI will actually be somewhat fair and not use their wallhacks, and PvP is suprisingly good. The only minor flaw about the game is that the AI still have very bad pathing in some area's and that they sometimes automatically know where you are. While mods can fix alot of what Bohemia didn't, its still a very good game overall. Definately recommended if you dont already have it.
game-hours: 0.2
review: sucks to much lag on the hp
game-hours: 390.4
review: Good game 10/10
game-hours: 35.6
review: Arma 3 is a tricky game to review, but heres me trying it anyway. The reason why this game is so hard to review lies in the sheer size of the game and the variety of things it may or may not offer for the player. I take Arma 3 for what it is first and foremost: a platform. What you get is a good looking game with a solid (would be great, but you have to do some optimization to boost your performance) engine, two amazing maps (Stratis and Altis, which is probably the most impressive map Ive seen in any open world-ish game) and the prospect of near endless new content from the community. What you dont get is an easy to get into mil-shooter with CoD sized maps and a quick pace. If youre in for uncomplicated, fast paced PvP gameplay, you should probably look elsewhere. If youre sick of that, however, Arma 3 might be just your thing. The strength of the Arma series is freedom (**** yeah). You are free to mod the game into almost anything you want, create any type of mission and make your very own gameplay experience. You have to invest some time into the game, but once you got into it, the opportunities are endless. Want to play huge adversial or coop maps with a hundred players or more? Arma is just your thing and there are big communities (in many different languages) that will help you find that epic experience. Want to play singe player? Well, if you expect strong single player content with interesting characters and storyline and so on, then Arma 3 isnt the game youre looking for. Or is it? Right now Bohemia delivered one part of a three part campaign  those missions are challenging, offer a solid variety of infantry gameplay but dont expect a good story or interesting characters. But as mentioned before  the huge amount of community made missions and mods offer hours and hours of playtime. Personally I prefer small cooperative missions to play with friends. Already the steam workshop has countless missions for 2-5 players. So, should you buy Arma 3? Well, Id certainly recommend it, if any of the things I mentioned above sounds fun to you. It is to say though, that this game is not something that everyone might like, so stay away from it if you are not willing to invest some time into it. I hope that this review helped some people to decide whether or not they should by Arma 3. Please note that Im not a native English speaker, so the language used in this review might seem a little odd for some.
game-hours: 23.9
review: its a fun experince but it should be bit cheaper
game-hours: 83.2
review: aw i just bought this game this morning before it went on sale lol
game-hours: 2.8
review: Downloaded on steam free weekend,However was unable to join any servers due to failed connection.Enjoyed what limited campaign there was,yes still buggy but expected...
game-hours: 0.4
review: Arma 3 is really fun glad i bought it
game-hours: 3.5
review: This game is . I'm trying to play the campaign and can't get past the first mission because the enemies are either invincible or the ing gun doesn't ever ing hit them. I put the reticle right on them and they don't ever die. I even switched to the easiest difficulty but that didn't change a thing. This is the worst game in the world. This is the reason I like Battlefield. It doesn't suck. You can actually hit the stuff you're aiming at.
game-hours: 10.1
review: I expected this to be more fluid and playable than Arma II and it wasn't at all. Regardless of what multiplayer mode you play, 90% of the game is running from point A to point B, and the other 10% is getting spawnkilled.
game-hours: 185.3
review: Better than Battlefield. Better than Call of Duty.
game-hours: 99.6
review: Amazing, gameplay is huge amounts of fun, as it usually is with these guys. MP is always the best choice. Currently the Mod Breaking Point is out and puts DayZ SA to shame.
game-hours: 1201.0
review: Great game that will last for a very long time!
game-hours: 394.4
review: Amazing, Authentic, Arma
game-hours: 50.2
review: great campaign multi player is not fun if you dont have friends to play with sorta over rated 6/10
game-hours: 1.3
review: this review is more for Australians than anyone else. Sorry but the game just isn't ing fun for me, you really have to invest yourself wayyyyyyyyy too much into it to even remotely have an experience. AND I HAVE PLAYED THE PREVIOUS ARMA GAMES SO FIGHT ME. You know that a game has issues when everytime you boot it up you have to spend 10 minutes remembering the controls. Sure American youtubers make this look so fun but If you're australian prepare yourself FOR A WHOPPING 3 WHOLE SERVERS TO PLAY ON. HOLY  DUDE THATS INSANE LETS SEE WHAT WE HAVE. WASTELAND, A LIFE SERVER THAT'S ALWAYS FULL AND SOME LOCKED SERVER. WOOOOOOW. But yeah real talk none of those leave a good first impression to a new player who can't even figure out how to teamspeak to get help. Yes to someone who knows how to play this game is a fun  thing. But so many people who buy this game will probably play it once, think it's boring, and then just uninstall it. And if that isn't a failure for the developers then all they care about is the money they'll get from these said people and that's just ing wrong. I give the game 8/10 for the best moments in it. And for the average experience a 4/10. Don't buy this game if you don't know what you're getting yourself into.
game-hours: 0.6
review: yes
game-hours: 3.4
review: I played through several of the campaign missions, and so far, I am not impressed. First of all, the default controls are absurd. X to crouch? ; to "quickly" switch to the handgun? SEMICOLON? I don't know where ; is on your keyboard, but on my keyboard, it's NOWHERE NEAR THE MOVEMENT KEYS - in fact, it's on the OPPOSITE SIDE OF THE KEYBOARD. At first, I thought, "Well, that's stupid. I'll just rebind them." But no. Every other key is already bound to some overly-complicated nonsense. 0-8 are bound to the squad communication menu which uses backspace to navigate backwards. BACKSPACE. One could argue that it makes sense because you're going backwards in the menu, but no. It's simply too far to be used quickly and accurately. I won't get into the rest of the control issues here, but rest assured, they are stupid. Another annoyance is the lack of body awareness. I get that it's supposed to be a simulation, or whatever, so there's no health or stamina bars. What doesn't make sense to me is you have NOTHING to tell you what your state is. The only way to know if you're being hit is a) a big asterisk appears on the screen letting you know you should first aid, or b) you're dead. The only way to know if you're low on stamina is when you start breathing heavily and can't run anymore. Do soldiers not know when bullets hit them? Can soldiers not gauge their own fatigue? Apparently not in ArmA! The game's optimization is less than stellar, too. Good luck playing on Ultra. Just google "arma 3 fps" and "arma 3 optimization" to see all the FPS problems. Finally, the gameplay. Completely ignoring the clunky controls, I would describe it as "aggravating". The hit registry makes no sense... in the second mission, I fired my rifle 15 times at an enemy's head and side torso from 30 meters to absolutely no effect. After he finally realized maybe I was a threat, he turned and killed me (through cover) within a few seconds. Speaking of cover, good luck finding it when enemies can see (and shoot) through foliage and bushes that you cannot. In addition, there is a bug that literally makes enemies invisible. How do I know they're invisible? Well, squad mates can mark targets on your HUD by outlining them with a red box, and sometimes those red boxes appear to move through open areas in daylight all by themselves. TL;DR Clunky and overly complicated controls, can't determine your own status, poorly optimized, nonsensical hit registry, AI enemies can see through cover, invisible enemies bug
game-hours: 0.7
review: Seems like a fantastic SIM, and for people who like SIMs, I could see the appeal. But I struggle to find the fun in the game. I was really terrible at it which makes this review biased. The reason I don't recommend it is because I don't think the average guy would have fun playing, so why drop the 60$ unless you like a realistic and challenging war SIM. I rage quit within an hour.
game-hours: 32.7
review: much kill very "simulate" such lag very 11/10 its ok ign OLOLOLOLOLLOLO
game-hours: 161.1
review: It's okay I guess.
game-hours: 9.4
review: TL;DR: It's sad that Bohemia either doesn't have the motivation, resources, experience, or talent to shape this series into something better either by making a more enjoyable single player expereince with more beliveable and less robotic NPCs or trying to set the groundworks for making a better online community. This company is amazing at asset creation but is terrible when it comes to actually designing a video game to put them in, although maybe that doesn't come with the territory of making milsims. ArmA 3 is a nice soldier toybox but it's clear that Bohemia has no intentions of making anything meaningful with all these pretty assets. Although Atlis is big and pretty the game you are going to be playing in it is too flawed for that beauty and millitary porn to keep anyone who isn't just looking for a sandbox engaged for long. The NPC AI is still as terrible as it was in ArmA 2 with little done in an effort to improve it. Your AI team mates are all just asking to get shot or just freeze up and do nothing causing you to have and do missions all on your own sometimes. Enemy AI behaves in senseless ways that make no stratigic sense, and Bohemia just compensate for it by turning them into super powered killing robots that are barely phased by bullets while they headshot you with a pistol from half a kilometer away through the woods. Any sense of immersion you had walking and sneaking up on your enemy in the woods is broken the moment you pull the trigger, and watch your enemy just take a bullet to the chest and shrug it off while running into the distance. Naturally this means that the campaign is again pointless and more of an excercise in praying you don't get randomly blown up by mortars or shot by a stray bullet, just like in a real war I guess. The campaign has some nice ideas and uses a small base as a hub to rearm in between missions, but it quickly becomes clear that this engine wasn't made for that as you cannot save in this hub so any sense of progression is lost before long. On top of all that, the campaign is also a bug ridden mess and full of amature level design choices. The online multiplayer is really what you make of it, although by now you can probably guess that this applies to ArmA 3 as a whole. The same popular modes from ArmA 2 are here (Domination, Atlis Life, Wasteland, etc.) but if you are looking for a serious PVP experience with tactics and full on asset use (i.e. what ArmA 3 would be good for) than you are going to have a pretty hard time finding that without trying to follow a dedicated community. Most public servers are filled with the same s you'd see in any other online game so sifting through them is a waste of your time.
game-hours: 78.4
review: Battle royale is awesome!
game-hours: 601.3
review: Epic.
game-hours: 0.9
review: This is the biggest pile of crap I have ever played. Looks like it was made in the 80s. Very hard to control, and very slow game play. This is great if your going to be in the house for a month with nothing to do.
game-hours: 112.1
review: Was walking in a building on domination and was consumed by the floor 10/10 would glitch again.
game-hours: 25.5
review: This is the Best Arma that ive played. I got to play the free (tryel or triel) it's awsome if only it was cheper like at lest $19.99 would be nice.
game-hours: 396.6
review: simply the best in what it does
game-hours: 359.4
review: Arma 3, the next in line to take the throne of mil sim, Has had a steady launch so far with many hating on it's slightly irritating change of controls and "futuristic" vehicles giving away the authenticity that one would feel immersed in more modern day combat such as arma 2. Truth be told, it isn't too futuristic, yes it's based around 20 years in the future from today but most of the equipment you see is in mass production today or already been launched to real world military forces. The "Ghosthawk" being a prime example was used to transport special forces on the raid that killed Osama Bin Laden, The base vehicle of the IFV-6c "panther" & the IFV-6a "cheetah" that you see have been deployed by the Israeli armed forces and several pmc's in modern day including the T-100 "varsuk" mbt. Also, the controls mentioned above aren't that hard to get used to, as I figured out within the free weekend. Some really good graphics if your computer can handle them, and some really above-satifactory detailing in cockpits, that any pilot like myself who flies first person will appreciate. The con: It's still "green" figuratively speaking, most people neglect the fact that Arma 2 is only so polished because it had 6 years of time to do so along with many player mods to help speed that process up. Arma 3 on the other hand is way more polished then you would have seen arma 2 at its launch. The other con is that the scripters hopping on to ruin fun IS NOT dealt with and has not been snuffed out. Occasionally you will happen to come across a frustrated code junkie or a troll who happens to be a code junkie come and take his anger out on your immersion and day off. Battleeye has gotten better about repelling scripter problems but it isn't completely gone as a problem. Overrall with all that in mind, I'd rate Arma3 a 9.0/10 (9.0/10)
game-hours: 0.4
review: awesome game :D
game-hours: 257.7
review: best game ever
game-hours: 250.8
review: Meh, Its good. Allows for some fun on gamemodes such as king of the hill and wasteland. But, Arma 2 For Life.
game-hours: 50.4
review: its just amazing episaly with mods but the base game is amzing as it is the only one i botherd to complete plus the editor is really good for creating missions
game-hours: 74.7
review: Awesome. Now they are selling helicopter physics patch and weapons that they promised to include into the release version as DLCs. Great job, BIS. Go  yourself.
game-hours: 165.1
review: Alot like arma2, graphics and some very slight phisics updates. Though these games usually improve with age.
game-hours: 48.0
review: This game...... IS AMAZING! I love that you can choose whatever you want to do: go by helicopter and attack a Radiotower? no problem! Want to be sneaky and work your way arround to assasinate a target? no problem! It just has and so realistic feeling and that makes it super awesome! 10 out of 10!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
game-hours: 94.7
review: this game is fun
game-hours: 1.7
review: Why can't this game be cheaper. I mean it's fun but at $35, Rust is only $20
game-hours: 123.8
review: best game so far
game-hours: 5.8
review: It's good if you have downs or any sort of mental impairment. Takes ten years to get anywhere/do anything, lots of 12 year olds.... Where is the bacon? I have not seen any type of strip or sauteed meal on a pan, especially one with a good seasoning such as garlic. It makes no sense how there's no laser beams. This game is just boring and awful. It's nothing like the army, if anything, it's snail simulator 2014. Terrible game. gtfo
game-hours: 331.8
review: You will either hate or love this game. Very customizable and fun.
game-hours: 125.9
review: You're paying 5 more than we did for alpha release. get it if you have the RAM.
game-hours: 104.4
review: With this you can have fun !!!! ( Altis Life rpg ) If you want to be serious then you can have even more fun :) Altis Life rpg To be honest it took me a little while to adjust from playing Arma 2 to Arma 3 but once you have found your footing you'll be a right happy chappy :) At this time the game is on a free weekend so i recommend that you try it .
game-hours: 201.9
review: Supper Fun
game-hours: 115.7
review: Immersive, very nice graphic wise and with some huge maps that no other game has for this genre. it is more than a shot em up game, its an a very well rounded infantry simulator which should give a more realistic view of what is to be part of a conflict. Its no COD; it requires some patience and also a more tactical approach. This is also what makes it even more rewarding, managing to get something done, to complete challenging ( and plausible) missions. If you get involved on a good served with nice people around it is even better and for a plus, you've got tons of vehicles , weapons to play with. The campaigns are decent enough though there could have been some more depth and involvement but considering the great talent in the modding community and the total freedom given from the editor the size of the map, the different kind of units there will be plenty to do thanks them. The only negatives are : the ai , even though not scripted but more 'free'instead is sometimes stupid and frustrating and a big area i would like to see improved is the armoured warfare in this game: its too simplistic and basic ( damage, armour penetration ) which makes the heavy machinery not be the real beasts and danger one would think they are in real life ( despite their firepower and easiness to shoot things up ). If you are looking for some huge maps, something different from simple point and shoot games, quite good detail and also want to get a harder/challenging and semi-realistic approach to infantry warfare, I highly recommend ARMA III . Furthermore the content from the community is a huge advantage of its own. It just requires some patience and will to deal with occasional little frustrations from either the Ai or by the complexity of the game itself
game-hours: 82.2
review: Complex, difficult, but extremely rewarding. Great campaign, lots of mods and things you can do to it. Really shines when played as a group!
game-hours: 56.0
review: Slow-paced and heavily strategic/tactical. It's a game that may not be "fun", but it can be very immersive and tries to give you a breathtaking experience. If you're one of those guys that likes hardcore realistic simulation, then this game is definitely the best out there. Also it's more than just a game, it's a platform that has plenty of mods to keep you busy when the original theme of the game is not quite what you're looking for.
game-hours: 80.7
review: This game is awesome. A definite buy for anyone interested in realistic military simulations. There's a MOD for almost anything annoying you may find in the game which is a huge plus. You can create and edit your own missions. It doesn't get much better than this. If your on the fence about buying it, do yourself a favor, and buy it now while its on sale.
game-hours: 30.5
review: this game is awsome, if you are looking for a military based game that is as real as a game can get, then this game has your name writen all over it. you need communication, team work, and strategy to win, lone wolfing it or running guns blazin will fail like there is no tomorrow!
game-hours: 237.9
review: This game, epic. If you like war games (and who doesn't like war games?) then this game is perfect for you! Currently it's in Alpha so the map is "only" 20km^2 large, but the full map will be ~270km^2 large. I personally love this game, it's a MUST PLAY!
game-hours: 739.5
review: This game is by far one of the best tactical shooters i have ever played. I love the maps and the way the game feels in the way of how the weapons work, the movement, and the flow of the game just feel amazing.
game-hours: 163.8
review: This game has  ai but zeus is fun and I'm sure there'll be some cool mods in the future
game-hours: 210.1
review: Great community game
game-hours: 6.9
review: Wonderful game... The only problem for me is that my Multiplayer will crash when trying to load it up.
game-hours: 32.7
review: Very good. All that running in this game is good for your thighs and heart. And lungs. 100000000000000/10
game-hours: 4.9
review: Better Than You.
game-hours: 1.0
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 1138.7
review: Not the greatest game by anyones standards. It has its share of bad moments, like occasional crashes. Other than that, its constantly getting better. Mods make the game have an infinte replay value. Having a group to play multiplayer with helps too. With the new Zeus DLC, creating missions is as simple as having a creative mind. would probably give a 7/10 for in game play, but a 9/10 from some of the crazy/insane/fun moments i have had with this game. With over 900 hours since alpha release, i can say that i have never not wanted to play this game.
game-hours: 3.8
review: From the short time I played it, it seemed like it would be a fun and well done game. I had too much lag to give it a thorough rundown but some highlights would be the vehicle pyshics, the fatigue and movement factors, recoil, and even armor penetration. The down side is the enormous ammount of cpu usage and the graphics card you would need to run this game. In the future, I would like to see them add a "very low" graphics setting for people who have to buy computers on a budget and can't get a new one every year. Would I recommend this game? For now, I am going to go with a yes because several of my friends have it and love it and after playing it, no matter how little or laggy, it seemed to have some pretty cool features.
game-hours: 166.9
review: Most BADASSSSSSS game u need to get it
game-hours: 3.1
review: Love it
game-hours: 88.1
review: Beast of a game, 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 147.0
review: Super fun! If you get this make sure you try Wasteland / king of the hill!
game-hours: 5.5
review: AMAZING!
game-hours: 131.8
review: FOR noobs (like me) really hard to play if you are just starting hard to find good servers with not whitelist. A new player will have trouble figuring out the controles. not sure if i wanna buy it or not yet.
game-hours: 21.5
review: At this stage in development, I am loving the changes made so far and know it will only get better through community feedback.
game-hours: 6.3
review: i recommend this game to all modern day shooters and Arma lovers.
game-hours: 20.4
review: good
game-hours: 137.2
review: You need a good PC to play this. Despite the poor optimization on the hardware front, the gamelpay truly is great & multiplayer should provide much fun too.
game-hours: 189.9
review: Amazing tactical game with a now finished campaign. Worth the money, time investment, and fandom.
game-hours: 1.0
review: its so awsome game love it different senario and its verz realistic
game-hours: 381.8
review: im getting use to the controls on PC but its worth buying it
game-hours: 10.3
review: I'd rather lick my own !
game-hours: 5.8
review: I LOVE THIS GAME!
game-hours: 4.3
review: game is terrible...thats why its a free play weekend
game-hours: 97.5
review: Definetely a great game! Great simulator and also a it has some great mods. Such as 'Altis Life' and 'Wasteland'. I truley recommend this game to most players. I have some problems with it with my graphics card which needs some programs to fix but overall, amazing game. 9/10
game-hours: 23.6
review: Great game. It starts of boring at first (well for me as I havent played Arma 1 or 2) but then you get used to it and you start meeting people and coming up with tactical plans to take out an enemy base. You begin to build your own squad with your friends. There are differet game modes such as Altis Life where you can choose to be a cop, rebel or a civillian. You can then start a gang with your friends and start making drugs (create your own empire like Heisenburg). You can basically do anything. Arma 3 is such an amazing game and you will have problems with it at first but you will grasp it. You will always find something new to do with your friends. All in all I would give this game 10/10. Great tactical play with realism and really throws you into the action. This is nothing like the  Call of Duty franchise or any other shooter this is unique.
game-hours: 1059.4
review: It's amazing game with great community around and huge modding potential. Go for it!
game-hours: 252.3
review: Got it just for altis life and found there was much more to it!
game-hours: 287.3
review: Best game ever! Needs some minor tweaks and I could recommend a few additional things that would make the game even better but if you're reading this section to find out whether it is worth buying --- I can honestly confirm that if you have a beaty enough PC this game is great!
game-hours: 99.5
review: Its a really good game but i wish it was a bit cheaper
game-hours: 97.8
review: i would of recomended this game but as i was globaly blocked from the servers i will not recomend it simply for installing it on both of my hard drives ! = global ban WTF is that all about
game-hours: 45.3
review: This game is awesome. One of the best military simulators out there. Tired of DayZ but not the franchise? Arma 3. Have fun.
game-hours: 39.8
review: If you like realistic war game, then Arma 3 is what your are looking for. :)
game-hours: 57.9
review: A very nice game alot of mods the altis life mode is the best. I give it 9/10 .
game-hours: 1.0
review: THIS GAME COULD BE THE NEXT CALL OF DUTY
game-hours: 20.5
review: This game is awesome! I would totally rercomend it to anyone! I cant wait to see what they do next for Arma.
game-hours: 3.3
review: rubbish
game-hours: 0.2
review: Amazing
game-hours: 4.1
review: First off, let me say that ARMA 3 is a pretty amazing game with a great community... if you can run it smoothly. I run a pretty nice Rig with a GTX 770 (WAYYYY above the recommended) and get around 40-55 FPS on ultra in singleplayer, but somehow run 20-25 MAX FPS in multiplayer. This FPS occurs on all the settings in multiplayer, including low. If Bohemia fixed the FPS problem I'd gladly tell them "SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY" Please help us help you!
game-hours: 46.2
review: ok game, controls as ard as crap though
game-hours: 52.0
review: This game is WAY to realistic for what it is trying to do. Out of the first two missions I have played it has made me go COD lone ranger TWICE and you can die WAY to easily if this game was like COD or BattleField where you regen health and you can not get two shot then MAYBE it would enjoyable. I am not saying I do not approve of challenges but it creates unrealistic scenarios with SUPER realistic fighting mechanics. I also do not like the recoil and how the enemies can soak up 500 bullets ( exageration) before they die.
game-hours: 49.3
review: yes
game-hours: 3792.9
review: Incredible game, love every bit of it, it's worth the money!! The AI are better than what I experienced with Arma 2 and Arma 2 Operation Arrowhead for sure, the physics are incredible!!!
game-hours: 1.0
review: after playing an hour to check it out, well not my type of game, to much waiting, getting bored, never played arma but the concept i like very much , ....
game-hours: 144.8
review: Great Game. Some good Mulitplayer Mod's avaible for it too. Altis Life is well worth a blast
game-hours: 191.6
review: This game is amazing. No other game can compete. The amount of things you can do is outstanding from playing on a tatical server to just having fun with frends on a closed server. looks amazing, plays well and they keep on adding stuff! 10/10.
game-hours: 491.9
review: one world.... AMAZING
game-hours: 156.7
review: This game is such an Improvement from ARMA 2, Its graphics are amazing and it is well optimized. It is well worth the price and has many cool features and multiplayer gamemodes which is a normal thing for any arma game. I played 1 episode of the campaign, It seemed ok but the multiplayer is where its at with this game!
game-hours: 28.7
review: Just Awesome
game-hours: 19.2
review: amazing game got a learning curve to eat not your typical shooter witch just keeps you engadeg very good game well worth the money
game-hours: 170.0
review: i almost feel like steam played a crule joke on me . i payed $40 for the game and it doesnt work Arma 3 has the worst fps in history , my pc runs it @ 9 FPS . what a joke . do yourself a favor and buy ANYTHING else . . .
game-hours: 220.4
review: For fans of rp  check out the altis life servers
game-hours: 19.2
review: Pretty COO! Like it
game-hours: 89.7
review: I enjoy this for playing with my friends or just dicking around! Picked it up when it was on sale for $36 and I would recommend that if you were to buy it you shold do the same.
game-hours: 278.6
review: Well, What can i say.. Arma 3 is a one of a kind game. Its a twist on the average, fast paced, FPS. Don't get it if you think you'll survive a bombardment of bullets and walk away perfectly fine, one bullet to the chest and you're done. This game is a slow paced shooter, Its takes patience to play. You can't fight two soldiers at once. But what the game does offer is some of the best graphics. And stellar gunplay.This game needs a lot to run. The only cons are the team mates. Most are there to play and help you. Some asshats are straight from COD. And will shoot you and not help the team. Two tips you need to know, This  is tough, your K/D doesn't mean jack  to you. Its about the team winning. Second, its about team work, Telling people where tanks and soldiers are location is a must. Team work people is the key to victory.
game-hours: 30.4
review: Best millslim !!
game-hours: 4.5
review: the game is very hard to run on windows 8 and i have a amd 3.8 ghz 8 core cpu, with a gtx 760 with 16 gb of system ram,i should be getting 40+ fps on high but i get only a max of 27 fps and NO higher. the game has EXTREMELY poor optimization dont buy the game. Huge waste of money
game-hours: 163.1
review: Great game. Desync kinda kills it, but all the fun you can have in Altis Life/Wasteland pretty much makes up for it. The voice acting is pretty bad, but I don't really play the game for the campaign anyways :P 8/10
game-hours: 175.2
review: Gooda friggn' go
game-hours: 80.4
review: Initially, I was taken aback by this game as it had no 360noscopeing or even full Xbox controller capability integrated into its core game. Yet I persisted regardless, and to this I will never regret. In my very first operation I joined a random multiplayer server, whilst the server loaded my room slowly transformed into a barren desert, my monitor and furnishings were gone and I was left alone and in full military attire in a arenaceous terrain. Initially I panicked and began crying for my mother as any other would, but this was swiftly subdued as I began to examine the environment in which I stand. Without caveat, I saw it; an endless azure filling the heavens, a miasmic heat developing sensations of pyrexia, and a gentle gust of wind picking up bits of velvet sand, caressing my tear soaked visage. Awed by the game's sheer beauty I shuffled aimlessly into the arid landscape, admiring the wide spread of land for many hours. As I trekked through the ground my radio unexpectedly went off, "SIX IS DOWN" it exclaimed, confused I ignored the feed and continued onwards. It was not far until it went off once again, but this time the message was prolonged," FIVE IS DOWN, FOUR IS DOWN, THREE IS DOWN, I'M HIT, CORPSMEN!" This relay caused an uneasy chill to surge through my body, retarding my initial pace and evoking a great deal of anxiety. Suddenly I hear a voice in the distance yelling out " SHOOT THAT IDIOT" followed by series of zinging noises passing over my head, I quickly realized my predicament and tactically released my bladder and bowel whilst running into an open field. I was swiftly dispatched and with that I returned back to my room, exchanging my virtual life back for reality. I then realised that I had been playing Arma 3 for three days without food and water and on top of that my pants were filled urine and excrement. Arma 3 is truly an immersive game, I cannot endorse it enough. tl;dr 10/10, made me  myself
game-hours: 235.0
review: For the price you are paying, IF YOU ARE WILLING TO SPEND AT LEAST 10 HOURS TO LEAR THE BASICS, this game is must buy. Best part is that this game captures the essence of the previous ARMA games and upgrades it and makes it better both in graphical and functional ways. Problem with this ARMA is that the amount of content it has is not comparable with previous ARMA games but also considering that this game is much more recent, with time it will surpass previous ARMA games easily. First the bad part, this game is difficult to get in to because of the amount of content and controls it has. On average it take 10 to 30 hours of playing this game to use it to full extent and understand what are you suppose to do or what is happening. But this games biggest flaw is it biggest strengths. While most FPS and 3PS are easy to master, get kills, get used to moves and weapons, this game makes you think about your movement, makes think about weapon loadout, how fast you move or even if you need to rise your weapon or move with it lowered down. While most of the time this game can be rage inducing, because of "easy" camper kills, insta death and walking simulator, you must understand that this game was designed for maximum realism and in real situations you need a squad to rely on or be an expert to survive. You need to learn to communicate, heal each other but most importantly stay out of vulnerable spots and locations of high visibility, stay out of the open and door or window frames. Once again in other FPS games you rarely engage in fight in more than 100 meter and you don't even need to use trigger discipline to have good kill results. This game makes you think about all you are doing, how you move, how you shoot, bullet drop, distance lead, where you go, and how much cover you have. You even need to watch out for your stamina, if you run too much or move while prone you will not only not be able to run more but your speed up breasting and blood circulation will make your arms tremble making shots impossible to a range farther than 50 meters. At first it will be difficult to know or, even more, see from where you might get shot, but if you are willing to learn, most of the time you will have a gut filing of where shots might get from or where some one might be sitting weighting for you. This game is extremely rewarding and fun to play if you are willing to invest time in it and are willing to learn from your mistakes. After some training you will be able to spot your enemy in ways you never thought be possible and shoot them over distances that makes you estimate bullet drop, will make you comeback more and more times. While in other FPS if you kill 10 enemies you wont be anything special and some times even boring, in ARMA your heart will be pounding if you do so a kill will fill like a achievement. Of course this game is not suited for more reckless players that want fast action and fast kills, this is a different game. Another good feature of this game is the way you can adjust your stance according to the situation, frankly after playing ARMA 3 i get annoyed in other FPS games, because some times i get 1 cm short of shooting over my cover and if i change my position i will be exposing half of my body. This game allows you to change your position in so many ways it is astounding and after understanding how it works you will be cursing other FPS games.Amount of control you have of your character can be compared to a Cover based third person shooter. Just to give you a small estimate of how much control you have, sorry but i cant overstate my satisfaction. You can Stand, crouch and go prone (nothing special to this point but), as well as intermediate positions between those stances, tall standing and even lower prone. You can lean to both sides on all of this 6 position as well as adjust your weapon farther to left or right of the shoulder to give you even more reach when you are leaning. You can roll and speed your movement in all of those stances and even when you are prone. You can rise or lower your weapon... I thin you got the idea. And the best part is that all of this is adjusted by WASD+CTRL keys so it is intuitive and responsive and easy. Customization is another good part of this game, you are able to customize all of your lodeouts, uniforms weapons, attachments, optic, binoculars and ammo. While not so extreme as for example in other games such as Ghost recon future soldier, it is more than enough considering the size of the game and amount of other content to compensate.
game-hours: 1962.8
review: ARMA 3 is the most realistic "war game" in the world. The possibilities to create scenarios (once you learn some map-making skills, triggers, etc.) are endless. It does not have as much content as ARMA 2 but it has just been released, I'm sure more updates will come with time. The feel of it is so smooth and small improvements to movement and stances have been added which add to even more possibilites for the individual player. As with any Arma series game, it requires patience and teamwork in order to have a great experience.
game-hours: 499.9
review: construction scripts for warfare hurry up
game-hours: 106.4
review: ArmA III A game of many things, this will be one of my personal favorites. The game is set on two islands based in the Aegean sea, Altis a large real life island (Limnos in real life) and Stratis a small 'satallite' island (Agios Efstratios in real life). The Setting is great with largley mixed enviroments ranging from beutifully desgined housing complexes, dry salt lakes and pine forests this really puts a great game world in perspective. Combat is intense and quick paced, forcing you to make split second desicions like 'do i take out machine gunner who is pinning down our squad' or 'do i kill the RPG trooper before he destroys the Tank'. This puts some inexpirienced gamers to the test and even the Pro can still be the noob. There are many things wrong with ArmA III, one of which is it has a feeling of 'lack of completion' to it like It claims to have a wopping 40 wepons when ArmA 2 had about 60+. The game is buggy and contains many performance issues. The game has only been released for a few months but has gone through Alpha and Beta phases so the game is not up to scratch as it could be. I would recommend this game to anyone looking for great community's and someone who is looking for something new.
game-hours: 146.6
review: The most realistic shooter on the planet. Battle Royale Mod is the most intense and satisfying game mode i've ever played.
game-hours: 89.2
review: I couldn't figure out how to open my parachute and so I died.
game-hours: 129.8
review: Strong aspect of competative and imursive gameplay. It's really good, superbly realistic. I'd strongly recommend trying ARMA 3 out for the Mods such as Breaking Point, among others whilst checking out the custom campaigns/missions. Or even try and create your own to share!
game-hours: 21.9
review: I have been banned for no reason! I warn everyone out there that if you buy this game, keep a safe and protected account!
game-hours: 12.6
review: I just got this game yesterday and have played 6 hours of it. This is so much fun
game-hours: 40.9
review: Great game! Just needs to fix the damage models as of the 5.56 rounds are like 9mm rounds be nice if they fix that other then that great game! P.S. Get battle royale its a mod and its awesome!
game-hours: 1.5
review: arma is very good but i think arma 2 is better but still a very good game.
game-hours: 2.1
review: First run and attempt join to any server ... game crash and back to desktop . ok no problem. Second run and join to any server works fine. Graphic amazing but ... sometimes strange artifacts where you can see object through walls. Players in choppers sometimes are sitting in chair etc. On server without 3rd view when you switch view then for 30 seconds you screen is getting from black - maybe it was mod error. Playing on servers with 64 can kill your cpu. Same boring like Arma2. Nothing fun for BF players and i'm happy for free weekend so i will not spend money on this game. If you like spend 40min driving truck to AOI and die in 1sec ... this game is for you.
game-hours: 0.5
review: Controls are a bit quirky but a visually beautiful game.
game-hours: 2.3
review: It took me an hour to figure out how to heal yourself. 420/420
game-hours: 10.6
review: Take a few friends and play wasteland mode if you want awesomeness !
game-hours: 63.8
review: top game by far
game-hours: 121.6
review: Words cannot describe the beauty of Arma 3
game-hours: 330.0
review: This is one of my most liked games the price is high but its worth it its realistic it has the best campain and muiltiplayer the sandbox,roleplay arm my favorite if you like dayz realisim this is another good game its based of off real islands and countrys i was one of the people to play as it was a alpha beta then the real deal they work on any bugs that you report and or hackers. it take them a while to make these maps because there really big bigger that skyrim and fallout and most other games maps i would consider this game as 5 our of 5 by THEAMERICANCHEWTOY or terminalvelocitypcs :)
game-hours: 161.1
review: lol
game-hours: 7.7
review: do not buy this bugged out peice of . its good idea but badly executed.
game-hours: 0.6
review: great game because 1. children never play online. (no headaches.) 2. combat style is more realistic than others. 3. graphics are 10/10 4. entertaining but hard missions. 5. more dlcs to come. i would recomment the epoch mod for anyone who liked dayz. i rate this game 10/10
game-hours: 22.6
review: Still early days for me yet as I am still learning, but what I have seen from this game so far is nothing but awesomeness... VAST LANDSCAPE - the map is absolutely huge... some players end up having a full time job air lifting people to the hotzone and then back to base and pick up the next lot of soldiers... The GRAPHICS - are absolutely spectacular THE SOUND - is amazing, really is an immersive experience REALISM - The most realistic military game I have ever played... if you are a Call of Duty fan... forget it, get out of this page and do not buy this game... You cannot go in guns blazing, you cannot even run from cover to cover without getting puffed out in which causes you to lose accuracy... Battlefield players that feel that Battlefield just doesn't have enough realism, you may appreciate this game as I am an ex-battlefielder and I love this game... THE BAD - Extremely hard... and there are soooo many buttons to remember, but practice makes perfect... 9/10 - it loses a point because you cant just pick it up and play, it requires lots of time, practice, patience and discipline.
game-hours: 19.4
review: I would recommend this game to the people that enjoy the arma series and as so if you enjoy a real experience and simulation to a real war and battle then you should buy this game.
game-hours: 57.3
review: Oh man, where do I begin? The gritty atmosphere; the ambushes, taking fire and running for cover Yeah, the realism in this simulator is phenomenal! Would I recommend Arma 3 to my friends? You bet your A** I would! How would I rate Arma 3? 25/10 recommended getting this!
game-hours: 79.0
review: The Game isn't to easy on newbies but it has a grat community that is willing to help. Its a lot of fun to work with them Team and accomplish the objectives. There are also several Mods that offer new Maps and Game Mods!
game-hours: 9.7
review: Good
game-hours: 9.0
review: awesome!
game-hours: 284.3
review: In a world of Call of Battleduties, Arma 3 is a welcome breath of fresh air. As a former infantryman, no other game makes me feel quite at home like the Arma series. I've been a fan since OP Flashpoint and Arma 3 is an excellent continuation of an excellent series. My only issue comes with Bohemia's seeming lack of research into actual uniforms and equipment, but other than that, the Arma series is fantastic. Also, the modding community is fantastic. You do yourself a disservice in not getting this game.
game-hours: 664.1
review: Great graphics, great multiplayer, and great community! What more is there to ask for?
game-hours: 812.7
review: Arma 3 simply put, is a game like no other. The vast amount of things that can be done, made failed, hell we all in someway in this game. But my point is that what makes A3 so amazing is the freedom in the game. do I recommend this game? Hell yes
game-hours: 120.8
review: This game though, I only suggest getting it if you have a larger computer with more space and such, if you're struggling with combat just either do the Virtual Reality training or play on wasteland servers, so easy to get geared.
game-hours: 22.3
review: good game, good mods
game-hours: 253.6
review: ya its pretty cool, I like it
game-hours: 150.4
review: Fun game if you like roll play and or action
game-hours: 2.1
review: great graphics and physics engines
game-hours: 2.5
review: This game is as close as you'll get to being in a real war. Frustratingly realistic.
game-hours: 3.2
review: A pretty darn good Game i should say, amazing campaign, and i love Multiplayer, plus, the good thing is that you can shift from 3rd Person View to 1st Person View, what are you waiting for? Go get it now!
game-hours: 16.5
review: this game is very asome
game-hours: 546.1
review: The best game I have ever played... Unbeliavably realistic and just simply amazing, only took 1 hr to get that impression, get whilst u still can on 40% off, otherwise it is very expensive, but well worth it. The only problem is the fact u need a very good computer to run it on very high settings, which would make gameplay even better, however, my 2 year old laptop runs it well on high/standard settings mix. Anyway, could rant on and on about how great this is, but basically... Its mint
game-hours: 6.5
review: this game is so goooood
game-hours: 0.4
review: im not impressed with arma 3. sure, sure the graphics are better along with the game play, but they changed so much about it im no longer conforted by the play style arma 1-2 (including AO) offered. in my opinion arma 3 ruined the fun. WHY: -movment type (always jogging no walk option like in A1-2 & AO) -driving is now a total B**** (cars slide like soap) -half the steam content doesnt work ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- im voting yes but I say no. it is worthy of A LITTLE play time (maybe an hour a day to keep the jerks away)
game-hours: 0.1
review: its cool
game-hours: 44.7
review: SO AMAZING
game-hours: 181.6
review: Played Battle Royale, plane went straight in the ground 11/10
game-hours: 69.7
review: Arma is such a strange game in some ways. Theres always two sides, and not in the enemy and ally way ;) On one side it offers an almost unique experince (certainly in the previous series) of playing a 'game' seriously, with as close to real as can be, perhaps too much so. But it does highten tension when you're all fighting together and if you make a mistake you're out. On the other hand the game itself sometimes feels clunky and the controls seem like they have purposly been made difficult. Not that this is differnt from previous Arma, it just continues to annoy me. Any game that does not have 'e' as use might as well not use wsad as directional keys. Every action seems like hard work, almost like a battle, and while i've had fun with arma 3, it sometimes leaves me with a sour taste in my mouth, of time wasted. Even with this, i struggle not to recommend it, Its a good game, theres loads of game modes and if you can handle the control setup then you'll certainly have some fun! Plus its a step away from COD/Battlefield, which sometimes can be a welcome change on its own.
game-hours: 102.8
review: This game is great, better optimized than Arma 2, resulting in better frames, and all the mods for it make it a overall great game.
game-hours: 198.2
review: skoot to the base say what!
game-hours: 248.6
review: crap game
game-hours: 138.1
review: epics
game-hours: 610.0
review: The best military simulation and getting better. One word of caution if you do not have mid to high end hardware especially graphics card do not buy this game. It is absolutely beautiful and I often find myself looking around at the scenery.
game-hours: 146.4
review: I love it. It's definitely harder than I was expecting. Every different aspect of this game has it's own learning curve. But I like the challenge. Very fun game and it has great visuals.
game-hours: 52.5
review: ARMA is a amazing game with amazing graphic gameplay and tons of fun multiplayer servers. I strongly reccomend this game!
game-hours: 213.5
review: Best game i`ve played ever.Soooooo many Missions & Addons. Highly recommend for keyboard commando like me!!!!
game-hours: 783.4
review: Armed Assault 3 is the very best tactical first or third person combat simulator on the internet by far.
game-hours: 25.5
review: this game was awsome
game-hours: 0.9
review: no
game-hours: 4.3
review: Like Skyrim with Bugs But really, dont get this horrible excuse of a full release. the video in the steam page is either touched up or on a $10,000 gaming rig, because this game looks, feels, and runs like complete Sh:t
game-hours: 7.2
review: swag
game-hours: 203.1
review: it ing sucks cant even play
game-hours: 125.1
review: its a good game 10 out of 10 stars cause 1 of the future weapons 2 cause of realizim 3 you can roleplay very well. and the game goes on and on.....
game-hours: 5.4
review: it is a very thrilling game with much action involed
game-hours: 4.7
review: Yes
game-hours: 10.2
review: really good game
game-hours: 42.5
review: 10/10 game of the year
game-hours: 21.5
review: Completely realistic and fun. Needs more weapons but the realism is unbelievable. Worth the money, really laggy (if you have a bad computer) but once you "tweak" the game, it will make the game less laggy. Another thing is that the buildings are so high quality that when you go near them, you lag. Even when you are near hangars!
game-hours: 1.2
review: really great game and i cant wait to put in some heavy hours
game-hours: 2.2
review: awesome
game-hours: 38.3
review: yes i like the weekend thing but can u atleast let it be every wekend PLZ
game-hours: 15.0
review: This is a fantastic game with a good realistic gunplay system.
game-hours: 6.1
review: o meu deu bug,quando abro o arma 3,abri a steam em vez de abrir o jogo,alguem sabe me dizer o problema??? :/
game-hours: 5.4
review: One of the best Military simulation games known in a gamers world ! Keep it up Bohemia Interactive! HOOAH!
game-hours: 74.1
review: great game i love altis life
game-hours: 143.6
review: Its really fun...
game-hours: 221.3
review: Such a gooood game, Reliastic:P
game-hours: 16.2
review: Fun game, very in depth if felt for an FPS. You should have patience for some servers though, they will be figuring out which line you should stand in more than they will be doing stuff. If you like Planetside 2 for the organization or players, this game will be fun for you.
game-hours: 21.3
review: just a really good game
game-hours: 17.5
review: Played ARMA 3 FREE Weekend. Highly recommended!!!
game-hours: 10.3
review: so realistic that it pisses me off and i love it :)
game-hours: 0.4
review: If anybody wants to me buy me this game... *hint*
game-hours: 242.5
review: The game is outstanding, the most realistic on foot, on air, and on sea combat simulation. The pace is intense, it rapidly changes through out each course of action you make.
game-hours: 2.0
review: GOOD
game-hours: 0.1
review: meh is all i can say :p
game-hours: 6.2
review: I loved Flashpoint for its realistic bullet behavior and so on, a real simulation rather than an ego shooter. But guys, u did improve NOTHING here, jsut graphics over alomst 2 decades now (previuos ARMA I +II included), that is rediculous!!! All that boring scripts etc., maybe the game is good for multiplayer, but community is little, i think also due to all the hassle the gameplay comes along. U REALLY HAVE TO IMPROVE ON THAT!!! Picking up equipment and else, also using from inventory is not state of the art. Commanding own squad or trying to radio quickly... i better stop. Thanks letting me play for free this weekend. One more time, single player campaign, there has to be another way then just those boring scripts.... keep working, maybe get rid of the old flashpoint stuff, new ideas bring new and hopefully better gameplay for the next ARMA.
game-hours: 21.0
review: yes
game-hours: 228.7
review: Arma3... enogh sayed.. If u dont have it get it, If u dont want it get it, If u dont have the money 2 get it save up and get it, If u played Arma 2 and enjoyed it, delete it and get Arma3...
game-hours: 5.7
review: a true military gg
game-hours: 147.9
review: very good game
game-hours: 43.8
review: For those who have played ArmA series, are passionate with military sims or are enjoying the lengthy(but worthwhile) process of winning, this is the game I'd recommend. Although flight is not as good as the DCS, ArmA is a well-made simulator(that's right, it is not an ARCADE GAME)that simulates all sorts of experiences soldiers do during their line of duty. Even if you don't mind your incompetent AI partners/subordinates, SP can be daunting; AI foes are definitely, even ridiculously, smart so you can be shot dead even if you make every precautions to prevent.(Too bad our partners are not as smart). Every variables must be accounted for executing a simple task. For those who just wanna play this game in a casual way, I'd REALLY like to remind you this: You cannot be Rambo, Master Chief, or COD's protagonist or whatsoever to be winners, in ArmA. You are much more vulnerable than any of those mentioned heroes. You are in a virtual battlefield, you cannot beat foes unless they are really incompetent, un-coordinated bunches. Regardlessly, for those who really want to experience what being a soldier feels like, I'd recommend this game. Life is never easy, neither is this game.
game-hours: 484.0
review: I had a lot of fun playing it with my friends, looking forward for arma IV ;)
game-hours: 221.5
review: 10/10 would get blown up by a UAV again.
game-hours: 4.7
review: /shit
game-hours: 110.9
review: good
game-hours: 1058.9
review: This game started off looking very promising. I've played countless hours following the evolution of this game, from Operation Flashpoint -> Resistance -> Arma 1 -> Arma 2 -> Flashpoint 2 Dragon Rising -> Arma 3 ...and here's my beef with Arma 3... 1. Operation Flashpoint was great, but the expansion pack Resistance made it even better. 2. Arma 1 was the Bomb, and included Warfare missions, you could play coop, against the AI, that was fun 3. Arma 2 was good, not the bomb, had a few physic's issues, but still it was ok 4. Dragon Rising was a big let down, wish I had my money back, if your an Arma 1 veteran then you know why Arma 3 5. Arma 3 started out good, but so many things went wrong, gradually, with mulitplayer hacking, etc, and Bohemian trying to make the game as realistic as possible, no Warfare mission, unless you want to use the ported versions from Arma 1, and 2, the AI were as bout as smart as paper plates, and still walking through walls to shoot you from behind. Never did fix that from the previous games, but that's not the main reason it sucked so bad... Con's 1. Same bugs not fixed in previous games that countless people complained about 2. They have evolved Arma 3 into a Realism MilSim. With the incorporation of the new fatigue system, absurd recoil, with the enemy AI can kill you with a pistol, just a milsim charlie foxtrot, if i wanted realistic, I'd play America's Army. 3. The DLC totally bites, come on, Karts? Zeus? Did someone important die at Bohemian, cause who ever took over, is really taking a good game and trashing it. I can't even play this game anymore, so if your like me, and want to have fun without all the realism crap, try Arma 1, or Arma 2, but I won't recommend Arma 3 to anyone. Pro's 1. Uninstalls a heck of a lot faster than it takes to install it!
game-hours: 649.8
review: best role playing game i have ever played in my life, asylum server i would suggest to play on if you want to role-play , 5 out of 5
game-hours: 5.4
review: Best game i have played for a long time!!!
game-hours: 154.2
review: For the 3 hours i played it, I liked it a lot and wish i could afford it. 8/10 for being to exspensive
game-hours: 44.7
review: Amazing visuals considering the amount of playable area, if you have a serious rig, it is worth it to try to max this game and drive as for miles. Navigation, ballistics, survival are all highly realistic in this game and require legitimate knowledge of real world miliatary procedures. This game will actually teach you about; firing postions, compatible blood types, orienteering, munitions, recognising camoflages and identifying their affiliation. So much more with user created content. Endless fun that never stops impressing.
game-hours: 5.5
review: Arma 3 was awesome and good but sometimes lag in some places or situation.
game-hours: 81.4
review: Very awesome game!!!
game-hours: 56.6
review: amazing game runs way better than arma 2 even on bad pcs
game-hours: 75.8
review: Game is very graphic intense, mechanics could use a lot of work on it. Sound effects; footsteps, vehicles, doors closing, walking, reloading, shooting, could all use a lot of work. You just turn your guy around in a room and it sounds like he is running. The mods for this game are actually very fun though. I would recommend this game when it is on sale, other then that, the price is too steep for me. Thanks for free weekend. Battle Royale mod is really fun.
game-hours: 859.2
review: The leader in military simulator third installment Arma 3 Arma 3 has so much content that you will keep coming back. With a dynamic campaign that is influenced by the players actions and a user friendly editor for custom Single player co-op and multiplier missions. Armaholic supplies the player with one of the biggest modding communities and content that is almost endless.
game-hours: 203.1
review: Fun game
game-hours: 408.0
review: I highly reccommend this game! Amazingly realistic and accurate, but tedious to play at times.
game-hours: 26.2
review: I think it is the best arma seiries yet i totaly recomend it for anybody who is a total war/army simulator fanatic.
game-hours: 2.4
review: great game love it awesome
game-hours: 5.0
review: Absolutely amazing game.
game-hours: 77.4
review: best military shooter out IMHO nothing beats fire fights. i like how the game expects you to have a brain and figure things out by reading or training. practice really does make perfect in this game. SP is fun and the steam workshop CO-OP seems great. i've only done SP workshop missions and they range from huge blow  up missions to more of a MGS feel.
game-hours: 70.6
review: While i dont own the game and only played on the free weekend this has to be one of the best games i have played in awhile so what im saying is 10/10
game-hours: 6.6
review: Awesome
game-hours: 39.0
review: needs some transport planes but other than that its good
game-hours: 63.0
review: Awesome game, even more of an awesome group of devs. This game is amazing compared to Arma 2. Arma 2 was too clunky, I couldn't even run it. Yet somehow I can run Arma 3 even though it has way more advanced graphics and features. I REALLY recommend this game while it is on sale.
game-hours: 261.1
review: Yes i recommend this game, it's just a Great Game
game-hours: 0.5
review: this game was good it is kida oviece its a army simulation
game-hours: 1.3
review: Really enjoy this game. Don't really play it much, but i still recommend it.
game-hours: 3.0
review: recomended 100%
game-hours: 1.0
review: Super fun hD A BLAST WISH I COULD PLAY MORE
game-hours: 964.0
review: THIS IS WAR
game-hours: 5.2
review: fun
game-hours: 29.1
review: If i had to RATE out of ten 9.9/10
game-hours: 4.0
review: A technical marvel, Arma 3 is an example of the PC's prowess for games touting large worlds and realistic environments. The lightning model, physics, and impressive character models are all incredible. The gameplay itself has improved since the original Arma game in its third iteration, but still has a bit of growing up to do; in order to compete with the Battlefield and Call of Duty's of the world (let alone even the Operation Flashpoint games now being developed by Codemasters) - when it comes to the actual first person shooting mechanics. There isn't enough umph or feedback when firing the weapons in the game, and its still very hard to land any meaningful damage, making for some unsatisfying gameplay while first person shooting....in a first person shooter game (whilst aiming down optic sights, positioning your soldier avatar, taking into account range, and adjusting for bullet drop). The title is in need of more content as of now (more coop missions), and still a lot of tweaks yet to be done with the actual gameplay (namely bad buddy AI, and sharpshooter enemy AI), before Arma 3 can be easily recommended to Operation Flashpoint fans.
game-hours: 1.5
review: Awesome Graphics. Amazing Storyline. Really good mechs. Maybe if u guys put the work into it and make it for consoles u guys will probs make more money.
game-hours: 69.5
review: is a really fun game a most buy game if you have a beast pc because i have a gtx 670 and in some server i can bearly get 60 fps or 40
game-hours: 2.4
review: The most realistic shooting I've ever played. Definately not an easygoing fast-paced shooter, it's complicated and hard and takes time to master. The singleplayer mode is good, but don't expect a really special story and unforgettable characters. It think it's plain and straitforward: you do your missions and try to stay alive while you get to enjoy some gorgeous graphics. And then there's the multiplayer mode, where most of the fun is at. The maps are great, the scenarios and objectives vary and you can stay entertained for quite some time if you end up liking the game. But it's not for the fair hearted. Being reckless will cost you. One shot can and will kill you so you have to think and act fast and outsmart the enemy. Winning really feels like winning and losing feels like an opportunity to try harder next time. If you're looking for something fast that hands out easy rewards, you should probably get some other game as you're almost certainly going to hate this one. But if you like shooting games turned up to eleven and you're up for a challenge, you'll probably enjoy arma.
game-hours: 34.2
review: This game was amazing! After only 5 hours of playing during the free weekend, i must admit it was hard to say goodbye!
game-hours: 586.6
review: This game is awesome. Most realistic games play, I love to use the m14 and snipe enemies from a hilltip. The driving is also good. a few mods in this game and its awesome.
game-hours: 0.2
review: Good Game
game-hours: 0.7
review: Hell yeah!! get it if you can!!
game-hours: 102.8
review: Good Game I love the altis life!
game-hours: 1.2
review: awesome game played it on the weekend with my friend
game-hours: 1.5
review: AEMA 3 game is a very good game for its GRAPHIS nad visual THANKS
game-hours: 56.4
review: The game is good. Have many thing to do. But now game still lack of the mod i love the most since arma one is warfare mode. Which is basebuilld around you to buy unit and explore the map and conquest the town I didn't said game was bad. I'm still that there will be official release for the warfare mode. The single player is ok for me. But the setting is not i love modern weapon which current in use like in Arma 2 more than those prototye weapon. So this arma is still recommend if you want the simulator game that not hard. I love to drive Tank and play infantry in this game , but fly model isn't that good so i didn't fly much but it easy enough to fly anyway and if you have friend to play with it awesome as developer including Zues mode !!! If you don't want to play with mod this game don't have much thing like Arma2 so wait more a bit i believe developer will release more content !!
game-hours: 2.8
review: its fun
game-hours: 748.4
review: On my opinion this is the best WWIII simulator :) cant wait to get that full game!
game-hours: 2.0
review: )
game-hours: 131.2
review: I got to play a 1day trial when it was out I played for 5hours and off thouse 5hours it was some of the best arma experince ever its optomise muched better than other arma games it runs so smothe and its game play even the sound of the wepions make this game worth buying and as of am righting this there a sale on for it 21.59 I would get it asap if you are intrested defo worth it even if you happen to read this after the sale its still in my eyes worth 35.99 go buy it will its still down price tho
game-hours: 1898.0
review: Simply can't live up to Arma 2's legacy. I mean yeah, it has some major improvements over Arma 2, but it sure can't live it down. Overall, the game lacks content. However, so long as you can run the game well in Multiplayer (Quad core 3.2GHz+ CPU & GTX 560+) it's still worth the buy (Organized PvP is very promising, COOP missions are very interesting, and RPGs are fun as well). At least there's mods. Seriously, it fills the void. Don't buy this game unless you have a computer that can handle it.
game-hours: 1.3
review: Nice
game-hours: 20.2
review: its super i recomendet
game-hours: 5.3
review: Da merita jucat dar nu mai FREE???
game-hours: 3.6
review: dee x crosz
game-hours: 364.0
review: Its the best game ever, appart from Halk-Life 1
game-hours: 0.5
review: h
game-hours: 4.9
review: asd
game-hours: 4.6
review: awesome military simulation game 12/10
game-hours: 0.6
review: AMAZING!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 0.4
review: I really love this game, but it's not well optimised at all,..
game-hours: 1.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 4.7
review: Epik zajebiste mega faine
game-hours: 96.5
review: the best game by far to everyone that built arma thank you and ing great work keep it up
game-hours: 0.7
review: Sure Its Gud Game
game-hours: 12.4
review: I love this game this game is my favorite game :D
game-hours: 225.3
review: Best campaign in my opinion. 11/10 Oh yeah, multiplayer is epic, too. 12/10
game-hours: 52.3
review: its cool
game-hours: 34.1
review: It crashed alot but I'm running a pretty  rig, but it's good especially coming from a long time Arma fan :D
game-hours: 1.7
review: I'm glad I could play Arma 3 for free on this last weekend, thus preventing me from buying it, ever. Every game should give buyers this option, to try before buying. While Arma 3 may be a good game, I'm sure now that it's not for me. I have been playing BF for a long time, even BF4 now, and I think BF spoiled me. I really tried enjoying Arma 3, but I couldn't. In my humble opinion: bad graphics, bad optimization, bad performance, bad gameplay, bad controls, bad hud, bad VOIP, bad campaign and bad multiplayer. I've spent nearly one hour on multiplayer driving a truck around the map, trying to figure what to do, how to get a weapon and where were my team mates. Before that I tried campaign, with no satisfaction either. Its is an expensive game. I'm really glad I didn't bought it.
game-hours: 233.8
review: i love arma 3 its the best game ever
game-hours: 0.8
review: sick game
game-hours: 24.5
review: yes
game-hours: 7.4
review: i wish they done the sale up to 20th so i cold get it :(
game-hours: 10.3
review: After trying it during the free weekend I can say this is definitely worth buying, I'd get it for myself, but my PC specs don't allow me to play on servers that are highly populated (80+ people). Good community and many different type gamemodes (also the breaking point mod) make it worthwhile.
game-hours: 9.7
review: although i only played the free weekend my experience with the game (king of the hill and altis life) was pretty amazing. my only problem with it however is the battleroyale servers because they are always locked during a match which can take a longf time so to improve this i would make an area so players can wait for the match to finish. i was kind of sad about this because that was one of my main reasons to play arma 3 but i never had the chance. thanks to gassy mexican for showing the game on youtube (and making me play it)
game-hours: 15.8
review: Awesome campaign,awesome coop,awesome graphics,awesome gameplay aaaaaand BattleRoyale. Everything I waited from this game. 11/10
game-hours: 0.2
review: yeeeeeeeees
game-hours: 33.6
review: i run it at the lowest settings and get 8 fps but its still fun
game-hours: 1.4
review: Is a very good game :D
game-hours: 1.7
review: I don't like this game
game-hours: 56.9
review: It is the best military game I have ever played in my live.
game-hours: 6.8
review: it is a realy cool game i love it.it is so cool!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 0.3
review: Yes but not for 40$
game-hours: 5.6
review: MHDIFJDSKLJWKLHGD
game-hours: 54.7
review: Im balls deap in this game
game-hours: 315.6
review: I love this game. Its like battlefield and thats my favourite game so that means i will love it. You do need a good pc for it but i might be making a gaming pc so then this game would be perfect. Over all this game is in my top 3
game-hours: 501.1
review: Its a great game. To bad i cant afford to put even 5 Dollars towards it.
game-hours: 32.5
review: Though I have not palyed this for the longest time, I have always been a fan of the ARMA series. I actually really like what they did with their newest game. It still pertains the original Arma feel, but there have been a few changes from Arma 2 I do not like. For example, I played alot of the campaigne and I find it strang how they made it that you die after about 2 shots (one to the head, three to the limbs), yet when I shoot an NPC in the torso, it takes about half a magazine. I remember in Arma 2 that the NPCs had the same damage system as you. Also, I feel that the first aid kits are a little bit cheap. In Arma 2 if you didn't have a medic in your squad, or you wern't near a medical tent, you were screwed if you got shot, you would either crawl your way home if you were shot in the legs or shoot like a lawn sprinkler if you got shot anywhere else. I'm not saying it's a bad game, in fact it's a very good game, but previous Arma fans be warned, There will be some things that will possibly get under you skin.
game-hours: 614.4
review: good realistic game
game-hours: 172.5
review: The best and most realistic Military simulator thus far! I wold recommend this game to anyone who likes military games and simulators like Arma 2 and this.
game-hours: 474.8
review: Great game
game-hours: 1155.3
review: whyyyy are u so bad when u can be so good !
game-hours: 168.0
review: I got this for $20 with early access and it was definitely worth the money. If you're looking for a military simulator, you've probably already heard of arma, the best military simulator out there for the public. If you're looking for something more realistic than Battlefield or even Insurgency, this is what you're looking for. Thanks to the new helicopter flight update, its essentially/almost a flight simulator as well, as they took parts of their actual flight simulator game engine and put them into Arma 3. I don't know if I could say I would recommend purchasing it for $60, but for half off, I'd go for it.
game-hours: 128.1
review: Doesn't get better than this game where you can go whereever on massive maps and use helicopters airplanes, boats, submarines, tanks, and jeeps in one battle. 12/10
game-hours: 240.3
review: Wow !
game-hours: 42.3
review: The game is awesome but even with the launch commands and .ini fixes it still doesn't get the nice 60fps which it should. I love the game itself but until Bohemia can actaully use their engine, don't get it.
game-hours: 21.0
review: Best Game Eva!
game-hours: 0.7
review: 8 nb
game-hours: 93.2
review: This game is what Military games should be!
game-hours: 7.6
review: YES
game-hours: 1.0
review: The game is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)
game-hours: 10.1
review: I love this game :)
game-hours: 0.6
review: I didnt like it look the same as ARMA II
game-hours: 30.2
review: 10/10 Can see your feet
game-hours: 9.3
review: This game is among the best i have ever, and i have played many games throughout my life, played. i totaly reccomend this game for everyone. keep things going Bohemia!
game-hours: 3.5
review: This game is Amazing I rate it 10/10 I love the Wasteland
game-hours: 7.5
review: The difficulty of this game is too damn high
game-hours: 40.4
review: Amazing, it is everything you wish they fix in arma 2 !!
game-hours: 5.9
review: The most realistic war game you'll ever find. Played it during the free trial, now if I only had the money to buy something this awesome!
game-hours: 412.4
review: Crashed into a pole, my car exploded....... Crash into a car head on going 120kph, I popped a tire.......(other guy died) BEST PHYSICS EVER 11/10
game-hours: 58.1
review: pretty good
game-hours: 6.3
review: epic my favorte part is zuse mode epic epic epic
game-hours: 0.3
review: wooo
game-hours: 147.5
review: At first watching trailers for arma 3 I was not impressed, I have never liked futuristic games but as soon as i finaly picked this game up I loved it. So much you can do compared to arma 2, like the work shop, you can load custom missions and I love how you can change gun attachments. If you are unsure I would highly advise you to buy this game. May not look like much, but believe me it is.
game-hours: 58.6
review: This game is not worth anywhere close to 60 bucks. Though there are some nice updates from Arma 2 the same issues still plague this series principally the third person camera. Every multiplayer server that is populated allow third person, and the gameplay experience revolves around hiding behind a wall until someone else moves into the open before shooting him. It's terrible.
game-hours: 0.4
review: yup
game-hours: 1.8
review: it is really good
game-hours: 9.9
review: On March 31, 1998, Blizzard released a certain video game that allowed users to create custom maps that changed the way the entire game was played. To play one of these maps, you simply had to join a lobby where it automatically downloaded and you were good to go! On September 12, 2013, Bohemia Interactive released a video game that allowed users to create custom maps that changed the way the entire game was played. To play one of these maps, you simply had to attempt to join a server, realize it doesn't work, google it, determine which sketchy website was the official one for that particular mod, download the mod and apply it in your game folder, set some launch options in Steam, then hope to find a working server. If you wanted to play any other game type after that, it would refuse to let you until you do the same thing for their mod, in addition to disabling your previous one (since you might be a hacker if you have files they don't use for their specific mod!!!). In addition to that, you can't even play the regular game. If you search for a Team Deathmatch server or something like that, there are no servers, or only a few with 0-1 people playing on them. This game might be good if you could actually play it... maybe.
game-hours: 7.5
review: this game could be the best simulator known to man
game-hours: 0.7
review: good game
game-hours: 11.9
review: worst purchase of my life
game-hours: 8.7
review: This game is really stinkin hard but its a great well made game.if that didnt convince you well then its better than call of duty so go buy this game
game-hours: 63.3
review: if your into arma then you should like this game.
game-hours: 7.6
review: its good. the graphics are grate. so yeah
game-hours: 2.5
review: great
game-hours: 287.9
review: By Far the best FPS i have ever played. Keep up the good work Bohemia Interactive, hope to see Arma IV.
game-hours: 15.4
review: Yes Awesome game BUT IS VERY EXPENSIVE
game-hours: 18.4
review: Most realistic military simulation game ive ever played.
game-hours: 7.5
review: cool game
game-hours: 435.8
review: Game are good. Play good game for this one.
game-hours: 78.4
review: If you enjoy walking for 3 days to only get shot by a sniper a kilometer away. You will love Arma III.
game-hours: 8.0
review: Yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 5.7
review: would be nice if there wans a free weekend every 2 weeks otherewise it would be cool
game-hours: 56.4
review: I am not hating on ArmA 3 because I'm some sort of fanboyor anything like that, but more trying to explain to you why this game isn't worth $60, ArmA3 isn't even worth $30. First of all, ArmA3 has A LOT of bugs, I have NEVER EVER, EVER experienced so many bugs in one game. The bugs are redicolus and it is really difficult to enjoy a game with this many bugs. The bugs in ArmA3 are't just small unnoted bugs, but REALLY annoying ones. Another big issue with ArmA3 is that Bohemia has the ABSOLUTE WORST costumer-support out there, it doesnt matter to them weather you are having a difficult time playing the game, on employee will help you at all what so ever. They don't even care about fixing bugs, every single bug I have bumped into are remained unchanged(NOT FIXED). The final reason I want to inform you(there are A LOT more reasons for why you shouldn't buy this game) with is that this game simply lacks content, the amount of content in ArmA 3 isn't even enough to be worth $20, and the ArmA 3 engine is the ABSOLUTE worst engine a 2014 game has, the motion isn't comfurtable neither is the way you play the game. So... all in all this game is pretty much worthless and really time consuming(in the bad way), BUT, this is just a review of the game, you should try it for yourself at a friends house or something before buying it, and i cannot say that you wont enjoy it because I'm not exactly like you.
game-hours: 1.8
review: fun arma 3
game-hours: 11.6
review: ARMY BLOKES RUN AWAY QUICK THEY GOING TO GET YOU WITH WAR?!
game-hours: 7.5
review: A worthy sequel to Arma 2, but with alot more features and -kickicking.
game-hours: 477.8
review: Not for casuals, COD spoons or BF3/4 unlock hoarders, and relatively closer to milsim then alot of things. It's like an iPhone, it's good out of the box but great once you jailbreak it. Standard is fun but finding and playing popular mods is where it really shines. Great graphics and not sure why people sulk about it, have no problems running it on a rapidly aging rig. Would recommend
game-hours: 7.1
review: I gotta say I didn't fully enjoy this game. However, it does have a lot of tangible challenges and events to get yourself into. What fails me to enjoy the game was the controls and lack of tutorial. It had "helpful" tip pop up as event calls for your duty in a mission. Problem is, this helpful tips wasn't helpful at all. It's either misleading, vague, or just plain confusing. The controls layout is... awkward. Easy to understand what they do... but the functionally workflow is a mess. Some of the UI are in dire need of re-working design. I can't tell if this is just being "alpha/beta" phase sort of deal or not. I would like to see them work some more on the UI and Control. I'm aware that this is similar to all of their past Arma series but this NEED a drastic update to help a typical FPS player get a hook on. Not suggesting "console-izing", but more of a typical PC FPS shooter. I think WarThunder can be a good example of that, balanced between casual and simulation with options. Aimming and Covering yourself... I'm not sure what to say about this. It's hard enough to spot the target at distance, because of the realstic graphic and their camo blends in... They seem to have no problem spotting you and hit your face quickly than I could hit them back. Now, the thing is, I'm better than average player when it come to aimming and this still got me saying "this is !" too many times already. I normally conserve my ammo and always aim for the face... only if this could work so well in ArmAIII. I ended up having to get closer and be quick around corner and edges and fire 3 or 4 times more than I normally would. Now something about the body-head hit zone baffles me. I've shot their faces once and they seem to brush it off like it was nothing, hit my face right back, die in result. Maybe their combat google is saving their lives or something? Wtf? Due to this nature, I had to resort to being quick and do burst rounds in their general body area and... that "sometimes" works. I've played a lot of simulation games like this. I do understand the concept of bullet drops, wind effecting trajectory, but this is very bizarre. I can't say this is closer to realism shooting at all. ....Maybe this is their way of combating aimbotters? I dunno. I've tried covering myself behind small rock by proning and even hiding in a bush to snipe, but 80% of the time they'd see me and drop me down quickly before I could drop them. It's like as if everyone is a Sniper Markmen with hawk eyes... with a light machine gun... at 100-400m range. Somethings not right here... Vehicles are great. Graphic is wonderful. Audio is a blast, they still need to get characters do lip-sync with their voice. Physic is ...err. well, great in some parts, but other half is confusing or just being "gamified" basic and you'll see more of that in its story-line events. I highly do not recommend for those who have high blood pressure or high stress level. Bugs and UI/control issues need to be dealt with before any serious players can join in the fun, they can be extremely off-putting and annoying. I will revisit the game later to see if any improvement has been made and update the review with proper rating.
game-hours: 0.6
review: ERROR STOP 000000000000x00000000
game-hours: 1201.4
review: Story: Kerry do this Kerry do that Kerry you get promoted to Sargent after you do thousends of meanial tasks congrats. Multiplayer: Its arma at its finest when you find a server with no hackers and people that want to do objectives it comes down to being an amazing experience and will be time well spent homeing skills overall the multiplayer alone sells this game though the single player is good and has an interesting story to it at the end it will all come down to the online play. So for summary Story is good but leaves little desire to the AI always getting killed unless you are the best marksman in the world and your stuck doing tasks on your own because all your squad die to 1 guy but over all enjoyable amd the multiplayer really dose sell the game like old arma titles the multiplayer brings good tactics into a battle simulation and overall gives an amazing feel to team based stratigic shooter. I recomend this to you if you enjoy thinking before doing of battle and seeing a plan come to light and following it threw till your objective is complete. I wouldnt reccomend it to someone who plays call of duty or battlefeild your simple run and gun tactics wont work on a realistic point of view you are lucky to survive if you get shot in the first place so running at the enemy with your finger on the trigger will get you and who ever has the unfortunet plesure of being arround you killed.
game-hours: 248.8
review: Great game!
game-hours: 0.5
review: good
game-hours: 112.5
review: its awesome!!!!
game-hours: 0.4
review: too expensive
game-hours: 4.1
review: tare
game-hours: 3.3
review: price is to high you greedy s
game-hours: 217.4
review: This game is the best Action game I have ever played. It is realistic but no to close range combat like COD. Its also VERY intence. It gets your heart pumping. In my opinion BEST GAME EVER!
game-hours: 1.0
review: it good game
game-hours: 0.5
review: fcdxzxcghjjbk
game-hours: 105.8
review: The engine overhaul has been a long time coming, and there are things to love about it, but unfortunately, compared to ARMA 2's tight engine (albeit a bit blocky), ARMA III looks plain goofy. Players run around like cartoon characters, hit detections are horrendus, and the weapons and vehicles are bland and boring. Speaking of items, I understand Bohemia's intiative to make ARMA III a near-future military simulator, but these weapons and vehicles are very bad. Customizations seemed promising until you realize there are only a handful of base guns, none of which will come off as familiar. The main island is much larger than any other ARMA's setting, but it still leaves much to be desired in the department of freshness and diversity. All in all, if you are a fan of ARMA II and its engine, ARMA III will feel pretty alien to you. Either you'll get used to it, or it'll always keep you from really enjoying the game. I pre-purchased the Alpha on day one, and I'm still struggling to enjoy it to this day.
game-hours: 150.2
review: This is a MUST buy, amazing graphics, surprising fps, a TON better than Arma 2, and even more amazing mods to be played, inlcuding the new zombie mod Breaking Point which is crazy fun.
game-hours: 18.4
review: the mods are not good
game-hours: 3.1
review: i had the lucky chance of playing arma 3 last weekend - which i had to compromise and complete my godlike mission of downloading it. Got on a server , got shot in the head in wasteland for missteping into a "territory" which was 1 meter and "amazingly there" shot two ppl got ultimate loot and died. 10/10 would fap again.
game-hours: 33.4
review: While the AI can be a flaw, there are mods that fix that, and I greatly enjoy this game overall, it's one of the best games I've ever played. 15/10 :3
game-hours: 42.2
review: I went into this game knowing that the game company Bohemia were and are idiots. I know this by looking at reviews for DayZ and seeing people talk about how they use the same engine over and over and it causes problems. They think that they always know best and that their games are flawless...even though it's clear to millions it isn't and they refuse to listen to their customers. With that in mind, I downloaded and played. Compared to what I've played of Arma II (the demo which was bugged) Arma III is a lot more polished. Graphics are great, the sounds of guns firing is crisp on both firing and the receiving fire end, and the open map is massive. Getting items and interacting with vehicles/items is unlike anything I've played in any game. Unfortunately the learning curve is REALLY steep. You go in basically clueless and have to figure out a lot yourself. They have tutorial pop ups for the campaign (and part of the reason why I say these guys aren't smart is they originally released it without any singleplayer) except that it pops up IN THE MIDDLE OF WHAT YOU ARE DOING. They could save a lot of time just giving a regular laid back tutorial mission like virtually every other game does. And they did do this in the Arma II demo. Your team's AI is bad. They love to run out alone and get shot to death leaving you to fend for yourself. And enemies are very smart. They stick together, they're patient and man are they deadly accurate. Nice challenge for sure, but I wish they were realistically accurate. Even from a huge distance they rarely miss; and most carry assault rifles with dot sights. Multiplayer is much, much worse if you haven't done the campaign first; but it's still as equally confusing as going into the campaign. I must've pressed about every button to try and chat with people with no success. I tried to configure it in....also no success. And the loading time getting into any server is quite long. Understandably long though since it's a huge map and there's an objective. I think for this portion playing a previous Arma game would be best since they expect you to have played them apparently. There are definitely a lot of problems with this game. AI should be fixed more evenly for a smoother experience (no I am not saying make the game easier. I love the challenge and the adrenaline. But I'd love to know I can count on my fellow soldiers.) and a set tutorial should be in place. Assuming people know everything, regardless of playing every Arma game or not, is always a bad idea. There is one thing no one could deny. The Arma games are one of a kind. No one has come closer than this franchise to having the most realistic war experience. But please Bohemia....stop being self centered  and listen to your customers and take their ideas and complaints into consideration. Other than the problems I had fun playing. But I wouldn't recommend it unless you know Arma and how it all works. At the same time though, I do recommend this game. It is not a casual shooter in any way. All it takes is a couple of bullets and your team could and can be wiped out. Flanking is truly your best friend and your worst enemy. And communication is just as vital in singleplayer as multiplayer. The experience can't be matched. EDIT: I've finished some singleplayer and had much better experiences with multiplayer. It's a must buy in my opinion by this point. I don't revoke anything that I've said before but once you know how to do things it's fun. To save newbies time: Left Ctrl + G allow you to switch grenades and Left Ctrl + Right mouse button allow you to switch scopes (when you have two). You'll pretty much need a GPS in order to know where you are and where everyone else is (usually). And "/" is how you type chat in the servers. Cheers!
game-hours: 0.2
review: Very laggy, and SOOOO much swearing. (I have a gaming PC)
game-hours: 206.5
review: My first game on A3 brought me the most horrific experience I've ever had in any game, ever. We're on our way to the objective, a small dump east of a town occupied by enemy forces. I'm leading a team of 4 men. We come to a crossroad and I sprint across, telling my men to hold back. I cross a few more times, trying to get a response from any snipers. Nothing. I run, my SAW gunner runs, my medic runs. But I kept my Marksman on the other side to make sure we'd make it across. Anybody seen Full Metal Jacket all the way through? Remember the sniper scene? The marksman takes a round in the leg as we're running and goes down. He then takes two more in the chest. The kid who was playing had some mad acting skills, he played it up to 11 here. He screams as he's being shot. Crawling, drenched in his own blood. "SARGE? YOU AIN'T LEAVING ME OUT HERE LIKE THIS, RIGHT? I-I WANNA GO WITH YOU GUYS! C'MON SARGE, H-HELP ME! C'MON! PLEASE DON'T LEAVE ME!" he died after that. I cried and he respawned. 11/10, would recommend getting.
game-hours: 71.2
review: This is not a game for people who want fast action movie style gaming, this is a game for people who appreciate the finer things. Having done both military service and picked up MILSIM airsoft as a hobby this game is the closest you will get to what goes on in reality. There are experiences you will have in ARMA 3 that can not be had in COD or BF, experiences that will have you shaking from the adrenaline release. One that comes to mind was a mission to destroy an enemy comms tower, I was squad leader of 8 or so AI:s. As we approached the Comms tower and I told my men to go stealth, no firing unless fired upon. We moved slowly taking advantage of terrain, keeping an watchful eye for enemy patrols. Once the tower was in visual range pace slowed even more and I spent the better part of 30 minutes just looking for enemy patrols and advancing to about 200 meters from the tower. There I positioned my men to cover a wide firing arc as I had spotted quite a few patrols moving in and about the tower. I considered opening fire and probably being able to drop a good portion of the enemy before they could zero in on our position. But a firefight is always a risk, and these AI had been around for a few missions and I had started to anthropomorphize them a bit and secondly I might get hit and killed. As I considered how I would start the engagement a sudden hole opened up in the patrol pattern, I realised the tower is unguarded and I had an opportunity to do something I had not considered. I got up and ran as fast as I could towards the tower, all the time expecting the bullets to start cracking above my head. I kept scanning as I ran whizzling through bushes trying to pick a path that the least visibility to any patrols. After what seemed like far too long I reached the tower and threw out a satchel charge and another for good measure, if one would not bring the tower down it would sure attract attention. I turned around and made my way back, as I closed on my men I started ordering them to fall back, hope growing that I might get out of this alive. Falling back to about 400 meters I finally detonated the satchel charges and the tower fell, from there it was just a short run to the truck and back to Command. I had done it. I had pulled off the perfect mission, not a shot fired and all under my command back alive. That is what this game is about.
game-hours: 576.8
review: Oh man. Where to even begin with this one. It would be an extreme disservice to simply call Arma 3 a shooter, as it is so, so much more than that. Arma 3 is a military simulator. This is a distinction that its developers hold sacred and are proud of, and one to which I can attest is completely accurate and deserved. But its even more than that. Arma 3 is a gaming platform, upon which so much has already been and will continue to be built for years to come. At its core though, Arma 3 in a supremely excellent military sim. The graphics are stunning, the gameplay is excellent, the mechanics are solid, and Bohemia Interactive has done an absolutely amazing job packaging this all together. New comers to the Arma series (as I was) may initially be overwhelmed by the games complex mechanics and decidedly different pace from your typical FPS/shooter. Enemy engagements happen at much greater distance than is typical in the genre and are often brief, brutal, and more times than not will conclude with your demise. There is no handholding here. No mini-maps, no enemy UI icons/indicators, no hit markers, no health bars. If you get shot a couple of times, you will find yourself unceremoniously dispatched. While this creates a high barrier for entry and a steep learning curve for new players, it provides a unique and distinctive play style. Situational awareness, cover, teamwork, suppressive fire, and generally moving purposefully and as if your  depended on knowing what was behind the next ridge or hiding in the bushes are paramount to your success. Add to these infantry mechanics the amazingly rendered vehicles, armor, helicopters, and planes, each with their own realistic mechanics to learn and master, and you end up with a truly amazing military simulation experience. Out of the box, Arma comes with a great single player campaign comprised of 3 separate acts, each containing ~12-15 missions. The campaign focuses on a well crafted story of a military conflict that has erupted over Arma 3s two HUGE islands of Stratis and Altis. You play the part of a NATO soldier who finds himself stuck in the middle of a complex engagement. The campaign is rewarding, and challenging. (I have yet to complete it as Im stuck on one mission that I simply cant seem to complete.) However the single-player campaign is FAR from the end of this title. The mission editing tools have allowed this amazing community to develop some absolutely awesome single player missions, all of which can be downloaded free of charge from the Steam workshop and numerous other sites around the interwebs. I would also recommend you check out the supremely excellent full game conversion single player mods Whole Lotta Altis and Dynamic Universal War System which will provide countless additional single player hours and could be completely stand alone titles in themselves. Oh and the multiplayer, oh god the multiplayer. Wasteland, King of the Hill, Invade and Annex, Battle Royale, Breaking Point, so many Co-Op opportunities, the amazing looking upcoming Epoch (currently in closed Alpha). Im sure there are so many others that I havent even discovered yet. Each of these represent COMPLETELY USER GENERATED and totally disparate ways to play Multiplayer within the Arma 3 platform. By purchasing Arma 3, you immediately have access to each of these completely gratis and each could essentially be considered totally separate game. In wrapping up this lengthy review, Arma 3 is an amazing experience and a true accomplishment in game development. It is the only game in recent memory that I can say with confidence that I never get bored with playing. Bohemia Interactive has made it clear that they plan to support this game for years to come, and they have built something amazing on which the possibilities are truly endless. Purchase this game. Purchase it now. Thank me later. (IF YOU DO NOT FIND MY REVIEW HELPFUL, please leave a comment as to why. I welcome the constructive feedback.)
game-hours: 92.3
review: Children play Call of Duty Boys play Battlefield Men play ARMA
game-hours: 46.7
review: If you have friends, this is a great game to play with them. If you don't have any friends, this is a great game to play alone. If you don't have the game to play, get the money for it. If you don't have the money for it, get a job. If you don't have a job, rob the bank. If you get arrested robbing the bank, at least you tried.
game-hours: 2694.0
review: After some 1,400 hours on the game, I can say with FULL VALIDITY this game has ruined my life. If you like realistic physics, teamwork, and every form of warfare, this game is for you. 10/10
game-hours: 919.3
review: Can't tell you if you should buy it or not, but I can tell you this. You will find annoying bugs, highly requested features that isn't there and lack of content if you're not satisfied with what you have. But when you really get down to it, and experience some of the awesome scenarios you can get in multiplayer and custom sp mission, it's something magical you just can't find in any other game. Arma is not a game which you pick up at launch, play the campaign and a bit of mp, and then trow away. You buy it, love it or hate it, and then play it forever or trow it away immediatly. Arma is a game which you can never called finished. There will always be added to it, be it user or official content, fixes, features or optimizations. Hope I expressed myself correctly and that you learned something from it :) If you like realistic shooters and organized large scale multiplayer warfare, this will be your gem! I'll give it a 9/10, simply because: screw bugs, I've used hundreds of hours on Arma 3 that I would never take back. READ: I will not accept random friend requests! If you have a question, please post it in the comments.
game-hours: 958.1
review: It's not a good 'game' for newbies. No, it's not... I use to sit at a place and watch the sunset. I have no idea how to actually shoot, drive and complete missions. It's like my personal sunset simulator. And it's damn beautiful. 10/10
game-hours: 457.1
review: I have owned this game for a number of weeks now and I have been completely hooked. Great game for the more serious war gamer, not for those who prefer the fast paced combat that you get from Call of Duty series which I consider more for the younger gamers anyway. Arma 3 moves a lot slower and is more squad based than other war games, similar to Battlefield series only slower than that when playing online and you may find yourself on 10 minute helicopter rides just to get into the battlefield and you will be highly satisfied with each kill you make as you know a single round landed by your enemy could be fatal regardless of the weapon they are using. You will have to make good use of any cover you can find and hit the dirt as soon as you hear a bullet crack over your head and then very carefully survey the surrouding area and work out where you are taking fire from as it will usually not be obvious where the fire is coming from and you will find yourself having to hold up for 10-20 minutes in a single location (sometimes longer, I personally have gotten pinned in one location for over an hour) because you are either pinned by enemy fire or it is too dangerous to move forward. You will need to buffer up on your mic communication skills as most players use proper phonetics etc when relaying information to each other on the battlefield such as coordinates and other reconaissance. You can not respawn as quickly as you can in CoD if you are taken down by enemy fire so staying alive is more crucial than any other war game you have played and you wanna hope you are moving up with a squad that has a medic. The graphics are great, the game is a little glitchy at times and the controls take a little getting used to. I recommend buying this game to any serious war game enthusiasts who want to get as close to war as possible (unless doing paintballing or airgunning), and if you do buy the game - I recommend completing the whole VR Tutorial before actually joining a server or playing the Campaign as you will need to really learn all those different keys that may make the difference in a hairy situation in game.
game-hours: 280.1
review: If you're coming to Arma 3 as an Arma series veteran, you already know what to expect. For the most part, the game hasn't changed since the last installment, but then it's always felt a little bit like Bohemia Interactive are still building on the groundwork laid back in 2001 by Operation Flashpoint, in the world's longest ever game of 'development Buckaroo'. Thankfully, the whole thing has yet to fall to pieces in any significant manner; it's quite happy to continue wobbling uneasily for now. Arma has a reputation. It's known to be frighteningly obtuse, bewilderingly complex, and often hilariously broken. I can tell you right now that Arma 3 is no different, and absolutely still deserves that reputation. Thankfully, I don't think it's unfair to say that this is the closest an Arma game has come to being 'user friendly'. The controls have been tweaked, and the interface refined a little to accommodate more modern tastes. For these improvements alone, I do recommend it to newcomers to the series over any previous entry. Coming from any other modern FPS game, it will still take a good few hours of what can feel an awful lot like hard work to get to grips with the controls, but I honestly think Arma 3 will see a far lower 'drop-out rate' of newbies who were frustrated to the point of giving up by the previous games. At the time of writing, the elephant in the room is the lack of content available. When compared to Arma 2 (which is handsomely bolstered by an array of official expansion packs), the amount of hardware available to play with is frustratingly slim. In many cases, opposing armies are equipped with identical vehicles which get a slightly different paint job at best. For anyone used to the myriad of variants and oddments available in Arma 2, Arma 3 can feel awfully disappointing. Fortunately, this is alleviated to some extent by the strong mod community. It has long been the case that the best parts of the Arma games are the parts not developed by Bohemia Interactive themselves, and Arma 3 is most definitely continuing this 'tradition'. Nevertheless, I can't help but feel that the game could've done with a few months more time in the oven before full public release. Speaking of the mod community, I think it's criminal that almost none of the best, near-indispensible mods from Arma 2 have been officially integrated. For a self-professed 'war simulator', Arma 3 is hugely lacking in basic features like being able to rest your weapon on surfaces (even with a visible bipod), or tow damaged vehicles. For all its flaws, though, Arma 3 is still a blast to play. If you can find a decent group of like-minded gamers with access to a voice-over-net server, you're in for some of the best gaming you'll ever experience. Sure, you'll probably have to load up on mods to satisfy your need for variety. And sure, sometimes the game will crash spectacularly, or the physics engine will flip out and kill you for standing too close to a wall. But when you're standing on a hilltop, looking out over an enemy outpost with your squadmates while a CAS helicopter strafes an enemy APC and spots targets for a distant sniper team; when everything clicks together in the way that only Arma can manage, you'll be glad to have been along for the ride.
game-hours: 254.0
review: You only buy ARMA 3 for the mods. The rest of the game and missions are lacking allot! But if you like Altis Life and other mods, then this is the game for you. But the Net-Code is just as bad or worse then BF4 so keep that in mind. But this is not a DICE/EA game so you should buy it and teach EA a lesson!
game-hours: 118.6
review: If you are looking for a ground combat simulation, then this is definitely for you. The game features a vast range of weapons and equipment. It also come with a powerful editor, allows you to create your own missions and scenarios.
game-hours: 191.2
review: this isnt a very detailed review but yea this isnt just another fps fast action game or another rts at all. if youre new to the genre its more like operation flashpoint if youve played that. if not its about as realistic to real life mil sim as you can get. you will die alot even, fire fights can be anywhere from several hundred meters away or up in your face. you will either love it or hate it
game-hours: 177.8
review: Can be awesome if you can get ahold of some of the great mods AND a good group of folks to play MP with. Other than that, you probably won't have much fun. I've been playing ARMA titles since Operation Flashpoint came out.
game-hours: 677.1
review: Such a great game.
game-hours: 109.2
review: im really pissed off at how much this game lags even though i have a nice computer with a radeon 7970 in it... i really wanted it to run good, its part of the reason i got my gaming computer in the first place and i cant even play it without getting pissed off because of lag. should have been optimized better. its a really cool game, which is why im recomending it, but im really sad about the lag. even on low settings with a friggin radeon and a good ammount of ram.
game-hours: 44.7
review: Best War-sim EVER. Great fun when u have a squad going :)
game-hours: 5.3
review: A beautifully crafted open-world sandbox military game. Whether you want to play life or you want to play as a soldier, this game has endless possibilities. The free DLC is worth waiting for too. As a longtime gamer, this game brings something new to the table, and after ARMA 2, it still feels fresh. I give this game a 10/10 as it has no drawbacks and the capabilities are endless.
game-hours: 366.9
review: play it
game-hours: 465.8
review: The biggest army simlator EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 295.4
review: Really fun game, I found myself building my own missions based on my experiences in afghanistan. I like the level of interaction in the editor.
game-hours: 247.0
review: I officially declare this game to have one of the 3 worst single player campaigns I have ever experienced in my long gaming career. WHYYYY?! Why did these guys waste so much time on something that that they are not good at, instead of fixing the existing bugs and adding custom content? Arma III is unique, like a special needs kid who's messed up in the head but can also hack through the most advanced security system. It has a lot of potential but you have to have a monster PC and swim through a lake of cr*p to get to the good parts. Disappointed I am very much so far, but I can't not recommend this game, even in its broken state. I am however probably going to revert to Arma II.
game-hours: 615.9
review: This is the best game ever! There is so much to do cant go wrong with this buy.
game-hours: 180.8
review: It's a lot like minecraft with all the mods and stuff... except without the blocks, and swords, and with more guns and explosions. but really though good game with free content
game-hours: 3.1
review: If dark souls was a shooter, this would be it....
game-hours: 120.6
review: Awesome game, AI is a bit dumb though.
game-hours: 1075.3
review: 7.5/10 Good: Huge open-world map, variety of community content, improvements from ARMA 2 Bad: Lack of official content, some promised features scrapped, short campaign with convoluted plot
game-hours: 35.0
review: Awesome... All i can say.
game-hours: 847.0
review: if you don't get it now, you'll be buying for $99 when it's out.. 32$ for alpha/beta/full key atm, with the alpha being the current phase.. when you buy the alpha, you're in for life ..
game-hours: 176.9
review: Absolutly love it great gameplay great campaign great multiplayer not much else i can say
game-hours: 195.3
review: Dem turtles!
game-hours: 10.8
review: You should consider buying this game if you really love military games. It is simply awesome in general.
game-hours: 387.0
review: yessssss
game-hours: 47.5
review: The ArmA Series has always been the best military simulator to date with the most realism I've seen. With ArmA 3 they have out done themselves again. The game is so well optimized that it barely puts any stress on my system, and the graphic quality, and sound realism is unparalleled. You can play for hours in Singleplayer, then jump onto Multiplayer with your friends co-operatively work through a mission or against each other as enemies. With the steam workshop so tightly knit into the game itself, you can download other player created missions be it Single or Multiplayer. There is no end of fun to this game!
game-hours: 38.2
review: Amazing game !
game-hours: 929.7
review: Had a 3 hour firefight, teammate shot in shoulder and got escorted with chopper, saved entire village from total destruction. 12/10
game-hours: 43.8
review: Love it
game-hours: 109.3
review: gud
game-hours: 213.8
review: This is a good game for anyone into great strategic gameplay and/or shooters that don't overuse features that might have been good in previous games but get boring over time, with realistic physics, and have a sense of realism about their campaign. The ARMA series also features at least one huge, open island in each game, each island is based of a real life location and is geographically accurate to said location. Also, in multiplayer matches, you're movement is only limiteded by the the host's decisions on objective placement or spawn placement. Another neat feature is that in the campaign, you aren't forced into a small open area to move, you are allowed to move wherever and whenever you see fit and you're only limited by the occasional time limits to get to a certain location before something bad happens.
game-hours: 32.9
review: this GAYme is nbroken it wont let me play witjh my firend ioern and we weer calf m call martixae a  lops
game-hours: 11.1
review: awesome game
game-hours: 136.8
review: finished omg
game-hours: 221.1
review: ....
game-hours: 134.3
review: Such Realism. Very Price. Much Strategy. Wow
game-hours: 746.6
review: yessssssssssssss
game-hours: 235.3
review: AI tanks shots, I take one... 10/10
game-hours: 10.0
review: Being a big fan of Operation Flashpoint from way back when, this game is a great replacement for it. If you are tired for the arcade style, casual, fast paced and no skill requirment of modern games. (IE: COD and BF) and want something that requires, skill, timing, know how and realism. Then this is the game for you. Must like OP:Flashpoint, it isn't for the faint of heart at start. Lots of keys, lots of actions you need to know. But with like anything else, put the time into it and you can do it. Huge Steam Workshop community, lots of add ons which means more FREE content. Don't like something? Make it yourself. This game is great fun, though it may not be for all, it's great for most. Think of it as the Eve Online for shooters. Nothing beats playing MP and being a good transport pilot to get your troops to and from battle or respawns. You can actually make a difference.
game-hours: 12.2
review: Really nice game. But less number of units.
game-hours: 101.5
review: gg
game-hours: 97.3
review: Good bit of a rambling simulator. Would be amazing if friendly AI was better. Well worth it for coop and the workshop
game-hours: 300.5
review: Before i bought arma 3 it had been sitting in my wish list for a long time! Let's start with the obvious, it takes a few hours to finally start to get used to it and even longer to learn the controls. But once you know all that, Arma 3 will be an amazing game that makes you feel like your in a real world situation. I can't tell you if you should buy this game because you should keep in mind its not one of your COD face to face pew pew kinda game, its all as realistic as it can be so it almost perfectly matches the afghanistan NATO deployment! I remember sitting for 2 hours and a half in prone with a sniper and picked off about a dozen soldiers! If your into simulations then this is a game for you!
game-hours: 30.4
review: its nice
game-hours: 1021.1
review: All i can really say is that this game is really amazing ithas just about everything youu could want in a game about the military but there is only one complaint that i have but dont be deturd because of this this game is extremly poorly optimized and no matter what kind of rig you have its just about impsossble for this game to run at what people say "optimal" but my computer is terible and i havent upgraded it at all and i can still run this game but at the lowest settings 2-30 fps but aside from that this game is 100% worth $60 when you buy it you will not regret it!
game-hours: 30.4
review: Arma 3 is a great military simulator that is mainly focused on finding the enemy across huge maps. The campaign is neatly presented and is beautifully written. The Steam Workshop adds more fun as you can download community made maps and try them out yourself, or even make your own thanks to the in game editor. Multiplayer adds even more fun as this game is mainly focused on the multiplayer. However if you want to play on your own with AI, then you can set up your own server and set it to a private match and command the AI. Whilst on multiplayer, you can paly hundreds of different game-modes that were built by either Bohemia Interactive (the developers) or the community. From Altis Life to Patrol Ops, this fast paced and fun multiplayer makes you want to play multiplayer over and over again! This game is modable and there are hundreds of mods for Arma 3 across the World Wide Web from new uniforms to new weapons and game modes. Don't expect a Call of Duty style game as Arma 3 is all about communication and teamwork. Also, in Arma 3 you will have to tell your team where the enemy is (such as: infantry- 300metres- NW- Bearing 315) and the possibilty of you sniping the enemy from that far away is low, gravity does affect bullets. Finally Arma 3 is a game that you will either love or hate, so I would recommend that you watch some videos on YouTube (Most of the game modes are made by the video uploader, so have a look at how to play the game and what the multiplayer is like) and decide whether this is the kind of game that you will enjoy. As I said before it is a game that you will love or hate, so have a look at reviews and other people playing the game before purchasing! I would give Arma 3 a 96% rating as there are some flaws such as the controls that need to be paid attention to as there are so many, other than that it is a fantastic game and I would highly recommend it!
game-hours: 53.3
review: I own a server, play with friends daily. Arma 3 is pretty much the most realistic and amazing military sim I've played. This is my first Arma game and I fell in love. Mods of course make this game more interesting. I highly recomend this game to anyone that has that "Should I buy it?" feeling! Flying is wonderful, along with the rest of the vehicles. You can go from no action sitting in the FOB, to a full out assault on a mission!
game-hours: 450.8
review: Simulated war at its best!!
game-hours: 108.2
review: this game is so good fun but dont count on the campaing that is just
game-hours: 96.4
review: Stunning, stunning game, best in its genre by a country mile, nothing else comes close to this !
game-hours: 370.4
review: Arma 3 improves on all the aspects of the previous games. It is a military simulator with more focus on infantry than vehicles. There's still plenty of vehicles and you can drive all of them. The biggest thing about this game is that the most of the content is coming from the community and not the developers. Modding is encouraged and missions can be made with an absurd amount of difference with only the in-game mission editor. And your gaming experience is heavily dependent on what kind of mission you play. The games campaign is now fully out and so far it's been fun but the story is so and so. All in all it's a solid good game that you may or may not like. You die quickly and most of you time might be just spent on getting to the action. So if all you want is action, I suggest you try other games.
game-hours: 647.0
review: One of my most favorite games of all time, from the Bad  graphics and the tactical realism, this game is a must have for those who enjoy the tactical side of gun play. Two words to describe this..... BAD
game-hours: 634.1
review: Great all around Combat Sim. If you've played Arma since the beginning then I'm sure your loving this one too. If you haven't played Arma then, well, WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU WAITING FOR!
game-hours: 243.7
review: Awesome game, great fun!!!
game-hours: 422.6
review: Best Arma so far!
game-hours: 171.6
review: 5/5
game-hours: 73.1
review: * * * * * * / * * * * *
game-hours: 149.4
review: probably my favorite game ever
game-hours: 60.6
review: I like the way that the squad actually isuue orders unlike any other war games i have played
game-hours: 76.5
review: Great Game
game-hours: 227.4
review: :-)
game-hours: 505.0
review: Very fun Played it for hours. I dont like the lack of content compared to arma 2. They don't seem to be adding more content but selling more content? It is very bothersome to me, but the game itself is good enough.
game-hours: 1061.0
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 22.9
review: Playable rabbits need I say more?
game-hours: 69.7
review: THIS GAME IS BOSSSSSSSS :D ITS SO GOOD I LOVE IT!
game-hours: 341.3
review: really awesome game. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 651.6
review: Undescribably amazing, the best experience of any PC game, in my opinion. This military simulator can be turned into virtually everything, through addons, and simple mission scripting.
game-hours: 214.6
review: AWESOME game, graphics, plot, multiplayer, player interaction, RPG, first person shooter... The only hitch that I got with this game is if you turn the enemy skill all the way down and your friendly skill all the way up, it still takes about 5 shots to the head to kill the enemy. I highly recommend the game. It's fun to play with friends and build your own base(s). Fly helicopters, drive tanks, airplanes, blow stuff up, you name it!
game-hours: 67.1
review: that a real fun
game-hours: 51.6
review: I have yet to break my legs over a stick, 10/10
game-hours: 248.2
review: I love this game but an Alien addon would be great tho :)
game-hours: 153.8
review: this is a good game and had alot of fu with it +100000000000000000 should get it
game-hours: 17.2
review: Continuing the open world tactical shooter tradition, Arma III lives up to expectations. Not much else to say, go watch a few videos.
game-hours: 204.7
review: Great game, this is the real war simulator, very very hard game but is really awesome!! If you're ready to spend hours to finish a mission and study a tactical way to do it, this is your game. With friends is really a great fun!!
game-hours: 207.3
review: The one and only WAR GAME!
game-hours: 40.2
review: Best military simulator
game-hours: 77.0
review: best military experience game ever made, graphics are way too perfect.
game-hours: 28.3
review: oh no 6 is down
game-hours: 168.0
review: All i got to say is ..... BLAP BLAP , BANG BANG ....... BooooM, MAN DOWN ,tis but a flesh wound, lowl, gg developers
game-hours: 900.6
review: The best Milsim game to date.
game-hours: 323.1
review: Best Game ever
game-hours: 29.8
review: this game kicks some serious  buy it
game-hours: 45.3
review: This is a funny war game.
game-hours: 351.3
review: Easily the best, most polished installment of BI's Arma series. I've been playing BI games since 2001's Operation: Flashpoint. It's amazing to see how the same engine (Real Virtuality) has evolved over the years, errrr decades actually, wow it's been a while - now I feel old. So, in summary, Arma 3 is a complex and realistic simulator that allows players to realize the rapidly impending date of their last breath, to know that every second that ticks by their billions of cells die just a little bit more, their neurons demyelinating, and their arteries incrementally hardening. It's a firm unyielding grip that death has upon us, he authoritatively clutches the keys to the universe in one bony claw and simultaneously our hearts and souls in the cold phalanges of the other. Thank you Arma 3 for revealing the terrifying reality of my mortal existence. In death we are infinitely alone, no one to hear our trembling wimpers as we rock back and forth in the dark corner of an unending void of pure, sterile, black nothingness that warps us further into catatonia. Score: 10/10
game-hours: 849.7
review: Very good game but you do need a decent computer to play multiplayer
game-hours: 5.8
review: Very realistic, unlimited ways to play. I just spent 3 hrs driving a tank around the island just looking at the scenery. I haven't even fired a shot yet and I'm hooked...lol!
game-hours: 67.4
review: Really good game! But it sucks cz i only had 3 days of the free trial D;
game-hours: 270.0
review: Love it
game-hours: 26.1
review: much good
game-hours: 160.9
review: Pros: -Its Fun, its tough(should be, not always) -Looks amazing -Runs smooth in single player -Campaign isn't to bad, linear but very open world-ish -Gun play feels right -Tanks, Helos, and planes oh my!( each side still needs a multi roll fighter though) -Huge, detailed map (go check out the ghost Hotel: beware, the elevators are always out of service) -AI can be scarry/effective -no better game to play with friends, you will walk away with horrible/enteraining memories of battle plans going to  and trying to misserably save the day, but as always, ends with the evac chopper lossing the tail rotor leading to a final few words and or back seat piloting telling the pilot how to save your sorry  over an open plain where even if the chopper made it down safely, you would be run down by T-100s and artiliery fire. IF you managed to survive all that, you will most likely end up with a friendly bullet lodged in your head from a pubbie with a .406 having a hayday shooting anything that resembles a human. Five seconds later you respawn, rearm, and go do it all over again cause you are a god damn masochist and this is the type of experience you crave from arma. The experiences, no matter how painful or hilarious they may be, they will be with you forever and its the only "FPS" out there that will leave such an impact. Almost forgot the cons.....(more serious note) Cons: -Multiplayer has been infested with pubbies that play nothing but Altis life and/or wasteland which in turn has made most servers into breeding grounds for those who have no intetion to play arma the way it shoudl be, a military simulator. -Mutiplayer needs to be optimized on both ends for smoother gameplay(mission code and game engine) -no gamespy = hard/impossible to host servers for friends(we need a solution to this naow!!!!!1!!1!!!1!) -Where on earth are all the good Domination servers!!!! (remember back in arma 2 when everything was domination, i do,granted i wish i had time to be part of a group with private servers but domination is all can do for the time being) -AI can be dumb and easily overwhelmed by a small group of competent players( I feel this is more of the fault of mission design and difficulty settings) -did i mention lack of optimizaition online -doesnt have lod options for different types of objects(ire buildings, trees, objects, people, etc..) -Has boats but there is no real reason to use them.... Side thought: wouldn't Chernarus/takistan make a great expansion in the future!
game-hours: 1.2
review: who needs call of duty when u got this
game-hours: 89.2
review: So. ArmA 3 is a full embrace of the change in direction of the ArmA franchise. ArmA has become less of what the game actually is, but what people are going to do with it. Many of us, will end up buying A3 without the intentions of useing it as a miliatry simulator. "Cold War Assult (ArmA 1), and ArmA 2, were both intended on being a milsim, but after the explosion in modifications, mission files etc, it became clear to Bohemia that the ArmA franchise, with its realism, expandability, and open source, unscripted, sand box nature can take form and build it to something greater, that can appeal to people without the slightest intrest in military operations. So. You are reading a review on Arma. You want to know weather you will get your moneys worth. All I can say is, when you become part of this epic, epic community, you dont feel as though the game has ever stopped. There will always, untill the next installment of ArmA, be mods, gamemodes, and fundamentaly changing additions to the way you choose to play. $60 does sound steep, but in the end, you dont get youre moneys worth from Bohmemia. ArmA 3, in terms of its single player missions and campaign, really isnt worth the money for me. What made the investment so worth it was the insane modding community that makes this game so. Nothing ever seems finished, which is often seen as a downfall, but the constant anticipation for an update or realease for a mod, added features etc bring a positivley makeshift and user dictated vibe to the game and it's community. What im saying is, you can play a game of COD, and know everything has been perfectly precalculated, people get put in matches with other players of the same skill, the maps are designed to encorperate uses of cover, and the games will always go a certain way. ArmA 3 is the furthest from that. The unscripted nature of the gameplay, provides a raw feeling. One where you dont know whats going to happen. A new story, as opposed to a linear sequence of actions brought out in COD for example. You dont know whats going to happen. Everything is unscripted. And this is why I love Arma. And you will too.
game-hours: 19.1
review: Best army sim on the market. Price may be a little big, but i don't regret it. 9 out of 10 highly recommend
game-hours: 88.8
review: Ratings: Graphics: 9/10 Sound: 9/10 Content: 5/10 Singleplayer: 7/10 Multiplayer: 9/10 Workshop: 10/10 Diversity: 8/10 Arma 3 is a great military simulation, that let's you feel how war could feel like. Not seeing your enemy but getting shot at is almost everyday business, like it is if you are deployed in real life war zones. The game mechanics are far more advanced than in Arma 2, however, the game still lacks content. Although Arma 2 didn't have content at the beginning, it still bothers myself a little bit. The sound and graphical elements are magnificient and the world offers a lot of nice landscapes. However i would recommend playing it as a multiplayer game, if you can try to play with some friends. I hope I could help you with my review. Please note that this is my personal view, I will upgrade this review if further content is added lateron.
game-hours: 261.8
review: A very thrilling, action packed military simulator. This is definatly an improvment over the past games, highly recomended.
game-hours: 542.5
review: The game itself is remarkable. Arma2 + much better graphics. The mechanics require some getting used to, but the gameplay is fun and very realistic. Excellent Combat Simulator. If you are not used to combat sims, there is a steep learning curve, but it is much easier to learn than in Arma 2. The action and movement mechanics are much more fluid. Once you get bored of singleplayer there is multiplayer involving Co-Op (team up with others to complete objectives), Wasteland (join one of 2 factions, or go at it alone on island, Surviving and killing others), and a plethora of scenarios and mods to play with. Most of my gametime is currently on the Breaking Point mod. The mod gives an unique experience than just normal multiplayer. You will have to use tatics and strategy to survive from zombies, nature, and other hostile players. I had this game since Alpha release and it is a must get if you loved ARMA II and DayZ. If you want a realistic, tatical shooter, this is it. No Call of Duty, Counter-Strike, Battlefield  here. Beware you will need (CPU) processing power to run this game. GPU power not so much.
game-hours: 909.0
review: solid game with plenty of mods and missions to complete! tries a little to hard to do everything
game-hours: 75.9
review: Campfires can kill you. 9,000/10
game-hours: 16.4
review: very fun i have had it for like 4 months and i never played it but once i did i was hooked
game-hours: 164.2
review: Best looking FPS and a big group of differint gamemodes, mods and singleplayer/coop abilities.
game-hours: 232.7
review: This game is a military masterpeice! I was never into ArmA 2, it had annoying controls, stupid mouse acceleration, and ran terribly on what was great hardware at the time. Naturally, I wasn't really stoked about ArmA 3 when it was announced and ignored it during the Alpha and Beta. It wasn't until the DayZ standalone came out that I really began to like ArmA gameplay. The strategic teamwork that went into playing DayZ with friends could only be elevated by getting into some real ArmA gameplay. I decided to get this game and have not yet regretted my decision. If you like DayZ, BUY THIS GAME. It isn't about survival, obviously, but this game is the definition of teamwork in games. From the beginning stages of a mission to getting out of sticky situtions under fire, constant communication with teammates is required to complete the mission. Logical things that you think would work in your mind work in this game. When you need to get across a street, have suppressive fire layed down and get across. Flanking is a real strategy, suppression is a real strategy. It isn't just about numbers. Teamwork and communication win the battle in ArmA 3. This game not only has rock solid gameplay that promotes teamwork and coordination, but it makes all that compatible with just about any military scenario you could possible think of. There are a slew of community made missions and scenarios for singleplayer, coop, and multiplayer that offer hundreds of hours of fun for you and your friends. Public servers run scenarios like Wasteland, which is a PvP sandbox where you can team up and fight against other players over resources. The possibilities are near endless without entering the editor, and then you enter the editor. You can create any scenario you could think of in this game. Not only do the game's two maps, Altis and Stratis, offer almost 300 square kilometers of space to create and play in, but you can easily import all of ArmA 2's maps and play on more than just mediterranean islands. The mod community for this game is incredible, and rivals that of Skyrim. The quality of some mods out there is astonishing and after installing quite a few there are a lot that I wouldn't want to play the game without. If you like linear, singleplayer military shooters with repetitive multiplayer modes then this game isn't for you, but if you're willing to invest a bit into a game to get countless hours of fun out of it, then this is the game you want. This game has no equal.
game-hours: 76.4
review: Buggy as all other Bohemian games, also very resourse consuming. However, you can have a good time once you figure all the things out.
game-hours: 47.3
review: A game about being a soilder who falls through the floor 10/10 would fall through floor again
game-hours: 101.9
review: Realistic, smooth animation, tactical multiplayer if you play with your mic, and endless replayability since the game editor is user friendly and that talented mission creators upload a lot of missions on the Steam Workshop. A must have for modern tactical warfare enthusiasts.
game-hours: 635.4
review: Looking for a chance to do whatever you want in a military environment? If so this is the game for you 10/10 would hit bush and blow up again ;)
game-hours: 2.3
review: this game does not live up to it's predessors. Was very dissappointed.
game-hours: 102.0
review: ArmA 3 is a nice improvement from ArmA 2 however it can still be improved on, regardless of that it's well rounded and nicely polished for what it's worth, You can get hours of fun online in multiple game modes or you can play a nice military simulator campaign, there is also the Editor which you can mess about with and create your own user made missions and just have pure fun in.
game-hours: 281.0
review: GREAT SIMULATION
game-hours: 386.0
review: It's fairly rare for me to write recommendations in general, and it's even rarer for me to find a game that I'll keep coming back to after the 100 hour mark. Arma 3 is definitely one of those games. I'm in no way saying it's finished mind you. There are some occasional bugs, and sometimes the AI is really  or has laser rifles that pistol kill you from 1000m away (not so frequent anymore) but for what it offers, and what can be added via mods, this is one of my all time favorite games. If you have even one friend playing with you, you'll have hours of fun. It's really unbelievable how much you can do, and how much you keep coming back for even after frustrating encounters or missions. There's something for everybody in Arma 3 (there's even a fishing mod for all you nonviolent pansies.) and it really provides a framework for you to do what you want with it. In all honesty, I am hard pressed to name a game that allows you the ease of introduction and ramps up to advanced techniques so smoothly. The more you play, the better you get (obviously) and ultimately, you decide how and what you want to play. The game goes on sale occasionally, so I'd wait til then, although I bought it full price and never looked back. It's one of the VERY few unfinished games that I don't regret buying.
game-hours: 129.7
review: PROS: -lots of vehicles -very very realistic -downloadable senarios -lots of controls (there's one to even salute and sit down) -a variety of weapons, it just so happens that 95% of the time i have a SCAR of some sort CONS: -AI is terrible and dumb and SLOW! -shooting someone makes them to some kind of limbo back bending motion, looks really weird (what's up with that) -takes FOREVER to get in the action on multiplayer co-op modes and i mean FOREVER (really frustrating when you finially get on the ground then die or have a dumb pilot that crashes) -cant walk and switch weapons, like really? overall 50/50 but im going to recommend it beacuse a lot of people like it a lot more than i do so maybe you're one of those people
game-hours: 0.7
review: singleplayer was ok but multiplayer was hard as hell (immpossible). the arma games get worse each release. if u want a good arma game play arma gold edition.
game-hours: 76.9
review: When I played Arma 3 during the free weekend a few weeks ago, I enjoyed it a lot and I also like the graphics and the interface. It really fits in with the players. Altis Life RPG - DEFINITELY RECOMMEND IT, go play it...
game-hours: 1.5
review: Great game -- but I miss the oldschool CTI missions and Warfare. I've been playing CTI since Mike Melvin first started it with his MFCTI missions in the original Operation Flashpoint: Cold War Crisis -- all the way up through Warfare Benny Edition and Oden Warfare in ArmA II. It has always been my favorite game mode -- along with Oden's City Fight series. ;)
game-hours: 11.6
review: Playing as Zeus and killed the whole server with thunder 11/10
game-hours: 0.3
review: I like it alot and recommend it for all its an realy realisick game youl all love it its almoust like day enjoy
game-hours: 3.7
review: Great game, I really liked sandbox
game-hours: 12.3
review: No offence to anyone that likes this game, but i had a TERRIBLE and i mean TERRIBLE experience playin this game i was glitchy af online and scenery wise is... EXTEMELY lacking and most populated servers are the Atlus servers and they arre mostly deserts with some buildings here and there.... Overall i would give this game a 7/10 (effort is what got you the 7). The Singleplayer is really good but mltiplayer is very lacking. Im glad i didnt pay full price for this but im disappointed in myself for buying it at all to be honest.
game-hours: 0.3
review: How do i have the option to write a review. WHEN I DONT EVEN OWN THIS GAME ???
game-hours: 63.2
review: lag
game-hours: 105.4
review: great game. many mods, worth. but the low fps kinda sucks.
game-hours: 181.1
review: Very fun to play with friends!
game-hours: 620.1
review: Pretty basic until you get mods for it. Find a good community of gamers who game regularly and with good mods and this becomes one of the best games you'll ever buy. I'm going to fail my degree because of this game. 10/10
game-hours: 361.8
review: its grown on me a little......*looks at hours played*
game-hours: 336.7
review: IT IS THE BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 341.1
review: Arma 3 is an extremely versitile game, one can do everything from run heroin in altis life to attack the talaban using the agressors mod, to do military simulations with your realism group of choice. Arma 3 is worth every penny; you wil never run out of things to do and see. BY FAR THE BEST GAME I HAVE EVERY PLAYED I Saw someone get robbed on the steps to a courthouse 10/10
game-hours: 114.2
review: Better combat than Arma 2. Now are the guns better? Yeh, attachments make them better. Do they handle better? Well, I'd argue that the damage system and how bullets flyed was better in ARMA 2, and that people move too fast when jogging in arma 3. But then again, people still play Battle Royal and KOTH in ARMA 3 so yeah, ARMA 3 is better.
game-hours: 175.5
review: I like game
game-hours: 106.7
review: nice goood game
game-hours: 75.4
review: A masterpiece. With the infinite amount of content, amazing textures and deteals, huge map, fun DLCs, and amazing controls, this game is one of the if not the best games on the market to this date. I've put 72 hours roughly into this game and it still keeps bringing me back for more. Between Altis Life, Wasteland, amazing workshop content, and DLCs/Campaign there is no stop to the endless things this game has to offer. The team based strategies of Wasteland Multiplayer are amazing. You find awesome people in team speak and after the server I always find myself adding more and more people to my friends list. With the excitement of finding enemy weapon crate stashes, abandoned helicopters and tanks, a huge fight between Opfor and Blufor teams, and if your lucky a jet is something that always makes me want to play Wasteland 24/7. if you are reading this review and are deciding on wether to buy this game or not, there are many things to take into acount. This game will not be very much fun with a bad/mediocre computer. Although the computing power demands of this game are high please buy this game and you will find how fun and exciting everything about this game is. Thanks for reading.
game-hours: 744.4
review: incredible.
game-hours: 133.1
review: I love it!
game-hours: 3.0
review: great game
game-hours: 28.9
review: A great simulator with a ton of custom map, scenarios, and mods including DayZ and the derivitive Breaking Point.
game-hours: 580.0
review: This is one game franchise ive stuck with since the start. Back in the OFP days. The game has always deliverd with the best game play/simulation of any other like it. Arma is worth its full price. Sure it has some bugs, but the amount of fun this game can bring is well worth a few problems.
game-hours: 6.9
review: Great game, very immersive.
game-hours: 74.1
review: Playing wasteland is the way to go! Love the mechanics of this game.
game-hours: 155.9
review: fun game to fool around in or play tactical :D
game-hours: 34.8
review: Best game in my library
game-hours: 676.6
review: Great game. I recomend this gme to anione that loves a very intence & realistick war game.
game-hours: 589.6
review: Best Game I've Probably Ever Played? I Would Really Reconmend This Game If You Got A Mate It's Brillant, It's Great Crack, Lot's Of Laughs Not Buggy And Fun To Play Even If Your Serious About It
game-hours: 950.3
review: An awesome game, lots of mods and missions coming out every day and just think, this game is still being developed with new things every day. 5 STARS!
game-hours: 33.9
review: good game, just too buggy, unoptimised, and overpriced
game-hours: 416.3
review: Amazing sand box game. Dont come here expecting fast/arcade action like Battlefield... this game is a marathon, not a sprint. Single player is still plenty fun, multi-player is classic arma... the campaign is a mix of unfair vs. too easy depending on your loadout and how many saves you allow yourself. Some modding is essential to get the best out of the game as well. If you like doing mission design, you'll have a blast with the tools provided, but they are almost completely undocumented, so its pretty hard core getting started.
game-hours: 163.8
review: Great game worth every penny.
game-hours: 199.2
review: One of the best shooters out there.
game-hours: 86.4
review: A massive improvement from arma 2 (especially the voice acting). But i find the main dissapointment is the lack of weapon diversity and choice unlike arma 2. Overall an amazing game well worth the price.
game-hours: 199.6
review: easily the best military simulation game out there, solid 10/10.
game-hours: 17.5
review: Great game,but lack of aircraft kinda of sucks
game-hours: 30.8
review: i am very disappointed in arma 3. I was globally banned for not playing for 5 months and they found something "suspicious" in my game file for not playing.
game-hours: 603.3
review: The sequel to one of the greatest 3rd person war simulators of our time.. still alot of potential in terms of wasteland but an amazingly functional game to play with a large map and a small map.. dare to game with bohemia and you will not be dissappointed.
game-hours: 39.3
review: There is alot of talk about how the Souls games are some of the hardest games one can currently play. That is glossing over Arma, these games are hard. Overcoming thet challenges in any Arma game are the most rewarding expeience I have had in gaming. This game is not for everybody but if you want to see a large battle unfold around you, or create that battle in the mission editoy Arma 3 is a great platform for that. Oh and on a quick aside this game has a incredible lighting engine, the dark of night time without night vision is amazing.
game-hours: 637.9
review: this game is awesome
game-hours: 10.2
review: :)
game-hours: 114.7
review: One of the best games for sure.
game-hours: 257.8
review: This game has a lot of available game modes because of how many "mods" (mission files) people make. This game is diverse because of the modding community that the ARMA series has. While the game still needs more firearms to be implemented into it, I am sure the modding community will fix that issue. This game has been out for a couple years now and is doing strong. ARMA 2 had a strong following and I do hope that this will too. One downfall about this game that has been around since the Alpha is that USB headsets are hit and miss. Sometimes they have certain sounds cut out. The way I went around this issue is by selecting my Optical Out as my default instead of my USB headset (Skullcandy PLYR1). Another downfall is the content. The game takes place the near future however the game does not include any current era firearms that are being used in any military force.
game-hours: 13.0
review: you game
game-hours: 3.8
review: Really good game!
game-hours: 135.5
review: [DO NOT READ NEGATIVE POSTS, THEY ARE EXTREMELY MISLEADING] I went ahead and just bought it with the 50% off sale, and I wouldn't be angry if I had paid 60 dollars for it. It is a top game indeed with so much to do, It is more than a warsim, it is much more than what is advertised...Don't think twice, just go get it! its definitely worth it. Yes your PC needs to be somewhat good for this to run well but I was scared about this very same issue and turns out it runs amazing in Ultra settings for me.
game-hours: 38.6
review: Love this game! Highly recomend it!!!!
game-hours: 356.3
review: There is nothing that I don't like about this game.
game-hours: 112.0
review: 10/10 got one shotted across a city
game-hours: 851.2
review: Nothing more than amazing can be used to describe ARMA 3. The extremly well done graphics, varied gameplay, and massive maps make for one of the most unique and spectacular FPS. Nearly every aspect of the game is well done, from the shooting to vehicle mechanics. Does the game have bugs? Yes, but Bohemia Interactive is constantly working dilligently to make this game the absolute best it can be. ARMA 3 is an experience like no other, and can not truly be justified with words alone. This is something that must be experienced to enjoy. This is ARMA. GAMEPLAY The gameplay in ARMA 3 can be slightly hard to describe, because of how varried each "mode" is. While ARMA does not have triditional game modes, (such as team deathmatch or capture the flag) it does off up and plethera of varrience. ARMA 3 has one of the most powerful editors in any game mode, allowing you to do nearly anything you want with the game. From individual missions with a begining and an end, to survival type, open ended missions, ARMA offers everything. Each game mode that is hosted on a server is generally created by a player or user, meaning there will always be something new to play as long as their are people to create it. It is because of this that ARMA 3 will offer up new gameplay experiences for years to come. GRAPHICS The graphics in ARMA 3 are some of the absolute best I have ever seen in a PC game to date. With all settings on ultra, the game is truly a sight to behold. The vast, rolling landscapes that seem to roll on for miles upon miles, the rolling, dynamic weather system that is always different, or the absolutely beautiful lighting the game offers up. The textures on both the human characters and vehicles respectively looking amazing and detailed. The interiors of helicopters are painstakingly detailed, with ever switch and button looking like it servers a purpose. Even mirrors show real time reflections of what is going on behind your vehicle. While all of these things are amazing, ARMA 3 can be quite taxing on your rig. If your looking to run this game with ultra settings, you'd better have a fairly high end system. AUDIO Audio in ARMA has always been fairly well done. I personally found most of the gun sounds in ARMA 2 to be very digital sounding, almost like they were being fired inside a tin room. This is no longer the case with ARMA 3. Gun shots are crisp and clear, even at a distance. The whipping and cracking sound of bullets whizzing past your head fills you with a sense of dread and fear. Footsteps and doors both have distinct sounds, allowing you to know when someone is senaking up on you. All in all, the audio is amazing. Especially if you have either a nice sounds system, or a nice pair of headphones. NEGATIVES ARMA 3 is a very dauning game to first learn to play and enjoy. You will be frustrated, you will make mistakes, and you will die. Constantly. But through time and patience, you can learn to be an effective member of a time, not just a lone K/D ratio. Other then the extreme learning curve, ARMA 3 is a very glitchy and buggy game. Some of these bugs are minor annoyances, while others are actual, game effecting glitches. The good news, however, is that the developers (Bohemia Interactive) are working diligently to sort out any problems that are posted on the bug reports. Usually Boehmia will release a patch fixing small issues every 1-3 weeks. CONCLUSION In conclusion, ARMA 3 is one of the most amazing games I have ever played in any genre. Wether your playing and extremly tactical game mode such as Invade & Annex, or a role playing game mode like Altis Life, ARMA is sure to dish out some of the most fun and memorable gaming experiences you will ever have. 9 out of 10.
game-hours: 7.2
review: Very relalistic.
game-hours: 487.7
review: I like it very much,It's a good game
game-hours: 986.4
review: So cool
game-hours: 91.2
review: get arma 3 everyone!
game-hours: 160.2
review: Best digital Milsim on the market, i recommend it to any one who is in to realistic shooters, the only downside is that to actually play the game how it is intended to be playied you need to have some understanding of the core mechanincs.
game-hours: 92.7
review: An awesome game to enjoy with friends. Makes you feel like you're in the actual battle.
game-hours: 301.3
review: Love this game. Too much content ,missions, and modding to even list just buy it NOW.
game-hours: 271.3
review: awesome
game-hours: 152.5
review: I love Arma. The realism of the game is unsurpassed in this market. If you're coming from the "run-and-gun" Call of Duty styled gaming, you may hate this game off the bat. It is designed to be a simulator more than anything I find. There is no hiding behind a wall and magically healing those bullet wounds. I would recommend this to anyone who is interested in a challenging, open world, shooter. Where adaptation is always a key effort, and utilizing team work is a must for ease of completion. Be patient though if this is your first Arma game. Get comfortable and used to the game and all its features, and you will most likely love it. The mods are a bit difficult to get (for me atleast, won't apply to the game for some reason) but the community is AWESOME at creating new missions, mods, and gameplay. I have clocked in countless hours, and I regret nothing!
game-hours: 155.1
review: Excellent military sim.
game-hours: 43.2
review: This "game" is actually a 100% accurate and very elaborate and detailed invasion plan for the Greek island of Lemnos, with two of the game's "developers" being arrested in Greece on charges of espionage. The dates in the game itself correspond to invasion plans written up for the island, which were leaked by Edward Snowden.
game-hours: 546.0
review: Great, very realistic war game. One thing I'd look out for is to watch your specs when playing this game because you need a fairly high-end computer to be able to run this game with good enough graphics that the game doesn't look like Play-Doh The graphics are wonderful, especially if you're coming from Arma 2. The gameplay is good, though the controls themselves can be a bit difficult to get used to if it's your first time to Arma. Other than that, the game is great and there is much more to do in the game than just battles as people have made zombie and roleplaying mods which can also be played online! I've played this tremendously myself and have an ongoing series for my channel, if anyone is interested in seeing the game being played firsthand then feel free to check out my series here:
game-hours: 79.7
review: Buy it,play it, love it! If you buy Arma 3 you dont buy a single game, you buy a whole bunch of games. Choose what you like from Altis Life(an RPG) over Wasteland(Military Sandbox),King of Hill all the way to Breaking Point(a zombie survival game). If you dont like Multiplayer just play the campaign, which got a pretty smart AI and a great story. Want more fun after the campaign?Just download all the custom mission made by players and play them alone or in coop with some friends. 10/10 would buy again.
game-hours: 35.5
review: Arma 3 is the best game ever made!
game-hours: 104.4
review: Extremely fun and addicting game with all the various mods and game matches u can play, its never ending with the creativity the community has and as the game has great editing and coding that u can do to match what u want to incorporate into the game its just great fun as all players come and give in feedback and play the game :) recommend for anyone, worth the buck.
game-hours: 474.5
review: Best Military Simulater! I am currently making missions so please check them out off my Profile. Thanks!
game-hours: 192.9
review: awsom
game-hours: 72.9
review: If you want a game that really challenges you it, this will be the most fun you will have. A fresh experience and worth it
game-hours: 23.8
review: Epic
game-hours: 78.6
review: This is onw of the greatest Games i ve Played.. Period So immersive
game-hours: 939.5
review: great war sim
game-hours: 14.2
review: Fun, But would be better if it was more like Arma 2.
game-hours: 84.9
review: One of the best army-simulators
game-hours: 65.6
review: +
game-hours: 1.1
review: great
game-hours: 264.2
review: This game is amazing,if you like military simulators this game has it all from realistic gun play and simulator controls for air vehicles. Also what this game has that the other FPS's lack (bearing in mind you can play in 3rd person) is the vast community with community made gametypes such as Altis Life in wear you play as a cop, civilian or rebel in a huge roleplaying surver.Or wasteland where you scavenge for loot in a mass sandbox map killing other survivors on site or you if that's not enough you can download scenarios (single missions built by the community in editor) in which you undergo a mission that someone else built! And if all of this is not enough you can even download the breakingpoint mod, a dayz esc mod with the polished look and features! There is also a very rich campain if your looking for a single player experience. Hand down the best game i own to date i seriously reccommend this for any true gamer. Master piece!
game-hours: 55.1
review: i highly recomend this to any person that is smart and patient if ur use to cod and like it dont play this arma is way to realistic compard to any arcade game such as cod/bf3/bf4. one of my favorite games and alwats will be
game-hours: 373.3
review: This game is amazing. I know that it is by no means finished, but at least BIS has been giving us updates on its progress fairly often. If you get the right mods right now, such as Voice Activated Commands and TMR, this game can be insanely fun TODAY! Hopefully BIS will get around to getting some of these great mods implemented into the Vanilla Arma 3, but until then the modding community has us covered. I would recommend this game to anyone who is interested in some tactical, realistic, teamwork oriented, and some crazy fun gameplay.
game-hours: 411.7
review: One of the best games I have ever played. If you liked Arma 2, you'll love Arma 3!!!
game-hours: 5.7
review: Wow.. dat graphics..
game-hours: 157.9
review: this is by far the best millitary sumulator out there and it is highly moddable so you can do almost anything you want
game-hours: 54.1
review: This game is an absolute must for anyone who enjoys tactical gameplay! On top of having amazing graphics it has a an amazing mission editor making it easy to make your own missions and keeps the game from getting dull. Just like in Arma 2 the relaism is still unsurpassed and truly amazing conpared to any other game out there. Many co-op servers are full of serious tactical gamers keep the feel and realism alive in game as you play. A lot of the mods that were popular in Arma 2 have carried over, minus DayZ because of their new standalone being publicly available now. Plenty of active servers to play on as well as endless amounts of tactical gaming communities or even just small groups of regulars that are friendly. Just like on Arma 2, communication still is a must in the co-ops also you just wont get the full experience this game has to offer if you don`t have a mic, nothing like using different, in game, radio channels to ask for help or ask for an evac. This is a great move forward for the Arma series and will only continue to get better with possible add-ons as well as an ever growing and active community pouring in endless amounts of mods and missions.
game-hours: 117.4
review: Amazing Game ! Just that fps sucks saying i have a gtx 770 and an i7 4770k . Fix fps and some glitches and i'd play it all day.
game-hours: 114.9
review: My buddy and I blew up a tank, repaired it, drove into a heavily guarded enemy base, killed everything, stole a chopper and left Grand Theft Auto: Stratis
game-hours: 137.4
review: Great game. A must buy for anyone looking for a great simulation first and or third person shooter. Overall great game you will not be disappointed.
game-hours: 175.3
review: Dont join German servers. They will arrest you for ing looking suspiceous. Other than that, 10/10
game-hours: 89.2
review: Second best Goat Simulator to date!
game-hours: 139.5
review: Bohemia once again leaves it to the fanbase to fix a broken game. Implementing 'future' armaments was a really silly decision and it leaves huge holes in balance and playability. Put in modern weapons and vehicles and if you charge for it you can  Right Off.
game-hours: 2.9
review: Its good but hard as  if your computer sucks
game-hours: 295.6
review: Amazing game for pc sandbox gamers
game-hours: 583.5
review: Very fun and immersive tactical shooter, if you're looking for a good game that is more acturate to real-life combat, the Arma series is for you.
game-hours: 18.9
review: One of the few FPS' that would top the charts. The fact this game is REALLY REALLY REALLY difficult (Like, screw Operation Bingo) adds to the intensity and replayability, as every time it's played, variables change, and it is most definitely not linear like other shooters. 10/10 GoTC.
game-hours: 86.0
review: Easily one of the most immersive games i've ever played, I'm totally hooked and it is a massive step up from Arma 2 in terms of graphics. Also as a bonus it actually runs better on my Macbook than Arma 2 did with the details all set to high. I can see myself losing so many hours into this and i've not even finished the campaign or opened the editor. (Check out the "Whole Lotta Altis" mission in the steam workshop for a brilliant and massive mission too.
game-hours: 37.0
review: IS GOOD!!!
game-hours: 3.1
review: Great combat simulator. But only get it if you have a beefy computer.
game-hours: 177.5
review: Awesome game!!!
game-hours: 910.1
review: True army sim and much more like rp servers
game-hours: 22.0
review: Very good game. The campaign missions are less resemblent of what a military, simulation shooter should be compared to ARMA 2. It's only worth playing to get a hold of the controls. ARMA is best within it's COOP, Multiplayer, and Mods. My largest complaint would be the difficult interface. There's too much reliance on the cursor and it gets annoying.
game-hours: 99.5
review: Arma 3 though a simmulation game, has some very strong points. Mostly being the modding community. The engine its self is built to be as realistic as it can be. It does well it looks great and gives you a real presence in the game. I would recomend it for anyone that enjoys playing with friends in FPS.
game-hours: 309.8
review: Dis iz gud
game-hours: 1179.0
review: Ok this is proabaly the best 60 bucks you'll ever spend IF ur looking for a highly realistic game and IF COD and BF don't work for you and if you take the time to learn how to fight realistically but if you don't have the time or the patice there are tons of mods on armaholic or BI's forums. The mods will make it fun to jump in for 10-30 min's but take a little learning how to install and time if u get them all. Here's my take on arma 3 being here since alpha and new to the arma games. STORY: 8/20 GAMEPLAY: 18/20 GRAPHICS: 16/20 If u have a computer built for arma3 if not 11/20 REPLAYABILTY: 19/20
game-hours: 33.3
review: I was playing Altis Life with a friend when I came across these two gentlemen and requested a ride in the very nice car they were driving. They proceeded to get out of the car and blow my brains out after a few words were exchanged. After respawning, I decided that I needed to have my revenge. Me and my friend decided to meet at the gun store and find these guys. While purchasing our guns, who else decides to show up but the two gentlemen in their fancy car? They get the jump on us but they have terrible aim, so we drop them quick. We then discover that they left their car open. I decided the suitable plan for revenge would be to drive their nice car in to the lake. TL;DR Got shot by s, killed them back, drove their car in to a lake 10/10 would lake again
game-hours: 16.8
review: Arma 3 is really different from Arma 2. It has different key bindings and lot of movements. If you want to play the mod that YouuTubers' play in Arma 3 such as Atlis Life/Waste Land/Breaking Point. Expect to be not fun as you think. Atlis Life-Cop or Rable is hard to Join, finding good Waste Land server is really hard. Waste Land will continue to get killed and Breaking Point will be annoy you because of those campers and snipers. If you don't have friend to play with, I recommand you not to buy this game because it will make you boring. Remamber, this game isn't funny like you've seen in YouTube.
game-hours: 128.4
review: Excellent military simulator with a wide variety of difficulty options, and editing stuff to customize your own military scenarios. Supports steam workshop, achivements, trading cards, all round a much better steam focused game than Arma 2. Still, Arma 2 is arguably better, but Arma III is still a great game. Caution: The game may be very dificcult, even for the experience FPS players. This game is a military simulator, it isnt COD or Battlefield. So keep in mind that even on lowest difficulty, you may find this game very challenging.
game-hours: 393.6
review: one the the best fps game i ever played no no no its thee best fps game i ever played. if u havnt dl yet i highly recommend to. hmu on steam if u want to squad up, iampandemic6.
game-hours: 32.1
review: Great game for someone who likes realistic strategy FPS games.
game-hours: 517.2
review: Not played multiplayer yet just seeing how things pan out...but never ever have i been so terrified of a gunship as i have in this game....
game-hours: 166.0
review: Awesome sauce.
game-hours: 80.7
review: Great military sandbox. Limitless missions, insane cooperative missions, and amazing graphics. Top notch game!
game-hours: 487.2
review: Outstanding game. A must have!
game-hours: 17.4
review: FFS! Video games are hard.
game-hours: 37.9
review: awesome all round !!!!
game-hours: 101.1
review: Amazing......doesnt beat arma 2 in map size though....though this campaign is better, along with more features, arma 3 is damn amazing...
game-hours: 112.2
review: i dont like the game its boring and the same as arma 2
game-hours: 1171.3
review: good lord!!!!!
game-hours: 53.9
review: Had very fun moments in rpg servers, especially altis life
game-hours: 151.5
review: If you want more than just a game. This is true war.
game-hours: 354.4
review: The story campaign is remarkably difficult due to the fact of how random the AI can be. Not even save states can help you out of ruts, because Murphy's Law is more prevalent in this game than it is in real life. Even on the lowest difficulty setting, the enemy AI will be downright stupid in the manner that they approach you, but once they're in position and they know where you are... You're as good as dead unless you rethink your approach. On the flipside, the campaign is entertaining when you get lucky and are surprised to see things go your way for once, but it's usually by the skin of your teeth. Most reasons people would buy this game is for the multiplayer and other mods made for it, but the campaign mode should only serve as a crash and burn tutorial. If you despise frusturation but love when a plan comes together, this game is for you. It's important to note that this is more a simulator than a game, where you can create your own missions/scenarios, be it online or single player. P.S. There are no realistic ballistic characteristics among the ammo calibers in this game. Unless you score headshots all the time, every rifle/pistol does about the same damage to enemy AI. It could take anywhere from 3-5 landed shots to take someone down. Your best bet everytime is choosing a low recoil weapon where you're able to re-acquire your sight picture quickly after every shot. Or, any scoped rifle. So, any SMG on burst fire or accurate sniper rifles are your best friends around here.
game-hours: 273.1
review: Omega squad members run me over with vehicle. 10/10 Would play again.
game-hours: 118.2
review: Amazing
game-hours: 388.5
review: if your looking for a good military simulator, Arma 3 is a game for you, there is a few bugs, but other than that, its provides a very good experience for casual and hardcore gamers, you should also check out Arma 2, Operation Arrowhead and many more amazing games by bohemia interactive!
game-hours: 673.6
review: From the small campaign, to the multiplayer and editor, this game has something for those who mod, those who make maps and those who mess around on Altis Life. The campaigns are short but sweet, they leave you feeling so great, from the get go, you get to experience the great graphic qualitys that this game has to offer, once you finish a campaign, the next chapter starts where the last ended. In overview, the campaign isnt something that the purchaser of arma is after, its the multiplayer, the multiplayer has the realism of a modern simulator, and the great amounts of gamemodes and servers avalible leaves you with an amazing choice of things to do, from; wasteland, Life servers, tdm, anex and invade, conquest, king of the hill, battle royal and so many more. Another great thing with the steam community is the mods, with new mods daily your experience can be forever changing. Yes sure this game still has some of the buggy gameplay that all the armas had, but you either love arma, or you hate it.
game-hours: 235.4
review: I absolutely love this game. I can play in the sandbox multiplayer servers for hours!
game-hours: 308.2
review: Not for the common run-and-gun COD/BF players.
game-hours: 20.1
review: +1
game-hours: 141.4
review: An aquired taste, but one of my favorite games ever. Mods make this good game great.
game-hours: 114.9
review: Fun game with fun gamemode's What i dont like is the random amount of rock walls offroad 8/10
game-hours: 470.1
review: An epic game, a few bugs but well worth it
game-hours: 1926.7
review: Well, having clocked nearly 1300hrs on this game, I have a great idea of what this game can and cannot provide to what a player would expect to find inside. I would absolutely recommend it to anyone looking for a team based game, if you run solo, you will most likely end up dead very soon. This is nothing like the Battlefield series or CoD. Arma 3 is it's own type of game. It takes hours to march from one end of the larger map, Altis, to the other. The vanilla Arma 3 is good as it is, but the sheer volume of mods and community created content will ensure you almost never get bored of it. Arma can provide everything from small 2-5 man squad insurgency operations, to 100+ player all out war, to post-apocalyptic survival in the Breaking Point mod. This game is, however, not without its bugs; take for example when I tried flipping an MRAP with a tank, only to have my tank launch in the air 300m and kill me when it landed. But good and bad combined, this is by far the best game I've played in a VERY long while. 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 202.3
review: amazing game. I used to love the socom franchise (1-combined assault) and but wanted them to go in a different direction than they did. When i found the Arma series of games i was amazed at the depth and the realism involved. I will buy any arma game released as long as they stay on par with what they are doing and improve where it is needed. AMD FX 6300, GeForce GTX 760, 8GB RAM runs great at custom/ max settings
game-hours: 470.7
review: Love this game , Great community and people have the best of servers. The A3L stolen stuff drama is fun to watch ;) love a bit of drama , Great altis life servers out there and also some amazing mods to play with. I am aiming to finish the campaign soon since im finding it semi difficult but i will get there ;P 10/10 would bang again play*
game-hours: 1414.1
review: Great Game
game-hours: 162.8
review: Lots of fun game modes, Altis life, Wasteland, Battle Royale etc. Hackers can be a bit of a bit of a problem crashing servers every so often and killing everyone. Graphics are nice. Movements and Gunplay can occasionally be clunky. Lots of different stances for any type of situation and lots of vehicles to have fun with. Overall 8.5/10.
game-hours: 2148.1
review: coooooooooooool game
game-hours: 387.4
review: Only ever played the wasteland mod. Its harsh and fun.
game-hours: 51.9
review: Troll the Police, what more could you want?
game-hours: 69.7
review: Spawned in a game, saw helicopter ready to go, hoped on and noticed everyone else did not entered. Pilot took off and crashed. Great game, just got to avoid the noobs and the .
game-hours: 288.6
review: One of the best games ever !!!
game-hours: 100.9
review: Great Game, thats all you need to say.
game-hours: 10.0
review: One of the best Simulators I have ever played!
game-hours: 87.9
review: This was for sure one of the best Early Release purchase ever. + Great scenarios, open maps, logical and interesting missions, good characters, realistic weapons - really complicated controls and sometimes not so user friendly (but that will not disscourage Arma fans) For people who don't mind spending hours learning how to play a game. It's one of the best Military simulation FPS out there! Highly recommended!
game-hours: 221.7
review: If you're sick of Battlefield 4 and are still waiting for the good maps to be released: buy this. This game is incomplete, buggy and frustrating at times. You will feel right at home from Battlefield, attempting to figure out how to ask for help or where the enemies are shooting you from. As for hackers: This game has partial hacker support (aimbots are incompatable). The fun is not killing, its attempting to organise, get from the base to the AO without dying or crashing you vehicles and smashing helicopters into the object you were attempting to pick up.
game-hours: 41.8
review: This game is a gorgeous achievement. The environments are beautiful, runs unbelievably well and content isnt bad. I loved Operation Flashpoint, and compared to OFP, technically anyway, Arma 3 blows it out of the water. It seems to contradict its self however: once all the great, well polished and fitted pieces are put together, you get something not only worse than the FIRST generation, but so bad as to be unusable. If the idea was to make a realistic military first person shooter, than this can be labelled as nothing less than a failure. Not only that, but the fact that representatives of the dev team on the publishers forum refuse to listen to suggestions for playability adds salt to the wound. The fact that i bought arma2 just before support was removed and arma3 was released adds lava and acid to the same wound. I've been a gamer for 25 years, and have seen everything from masterpieces to unfinished games released as such, but loading up a game and KNOWING i will leave frustrated, angry and feeling cheated is completely new. Bohemia has lost my support.
game-hours: 156.8
review: Due to its many hours of replayability including creating and editing missions, will recommend this game over COD and BF.
game-hours: 103.4
review: The best shooter youll ever play trust me. Plus ill play with you!
game-hours: 83.6
review: Check out the wasteland MP mod
game-hours: 74.2
review: Its like ARMA 1.5 but with better graphics and less content.
game-hours: 50.3
review: You need good PC, you need propper mouse, you need Joystick. Most of all, you need comunity PVE, PVP. After that this game can offer so much more than this days FPS shooters and videgames. Call of duty have 10 maps?  that, you can make maps by youreself, or donwload exisitng ones. Battliefield have big maps? iet, one Arma3 map is 100 times bigger than Battlefield maps.
game-hours: 83.8
review: Very fun game, I will be looking forward to the full release
game-hours: 21.7
review: great game but not as great as its previous one
game-hours: 32.3
review: Great!
game-hours: 0.2
review: I downloaded the Arma 3 demo (free weekend) to try and then removed it after the free period. Now it doesn't show up in my steam library but it left behind 11GB of files which I have no idea if it's safe to delete. There's certainly no option to delete them through steam as it's not in my list of games. So I went to the Arma 3 forum on steam to ask for advice and only people who own the game are allowed to post. Seems like a very buggy game.
game-hours: 166.8
review: BETTER THAN ARMA 2 that says something
game-hours: 2248.6
review: gr8 game
game-hours: 298.5
review: Though not as realistic as its predecessors, Arma 3 is still fun and has good replayability with Zeus and the mods out there. A big part of this game is multiplayer though, so I wouldn't buy this (except for if it's on sale) unless you have that option.
game-hours: 22.2
review: Love this game
game-hours: 397.5
review: This game is like aids. Once hooked impossible to get rid of. (I only play multiplayer stuff)
game-hours: 17.6
review: This is not a game for people who want fast action movie style gaming
game-hours: 181.8
review: One of the best games out if you ask me. If you love military shooter games and love to actually play as team and not just play some type BF or Call of duty where you just run around shoot  you will enjoy this game. Campiagn is a decent lenght(if you play on the hardest settings it will take you weeks lol) but the MP is where the game shines. I personallly play on co-op servers that run Invade and Annex or Patrol Ops and its almost like playing a real war(I highly recommend the 7thcavalry co-op servers). You do get the MP servers that run stupid  like Wasteland(dayz rip off but worse) or Atlis life( Sims ripoff) but thats not what this game is about. Do you love the thrill of hearing the bullets fly past your head or want to pilot a transport helio or attack helio giving the ground forces some cover and take out the armor or maybe you want to jump in a tank to lighten up the enemies forces or a artillery vehicle and use the VIOP to have the forces closer to the fight mark or even use there laser guided scope to spot targets and light them up. This game has finally fillled the hole in my heart for a REAL war shooter that I have been begging and praying for the last 20 years. This is the closeest game you will get to the real thing! I HIGHLY recommend getting this game.
game-hours: 628.3
review: A game i would recommend to people since alot of stuff has happend to it over the last mouth or two having some well devloped mods such as Epoch, Arma 3 life, Breaking point and many more mission files you can put hours of game time into
game-hours: 522.0
review: Best game ever! So much fun!
game-hours: 15.4
review: I would reccomend it its a brilliant game, not alot of bugs that i could see and the mods and dlc's that come with it are boss
game-hours: 15.2
review: dece free copy plz
game-hours: 46.9
review: You will have to look far for a bether modern military shooter, if you can get over the bad interaction menu
game-hours: 274.3
review: Quite an amazing game. Definitely one of the most realistic milsims out there that isn't marketed towards people that are actually in the military. (VBS2/3). Definitely not everyone's cup of tea, and community is pretty harsh on former COD fans, but once they realize that you hate COD you're welcomed. Still, many tactical units out there, and some amazing community members that do amazing work.
game-hours: 279.4
review: awesome game
game-hours: 235.2
review: I finally have a computer that will run this game. It is so fun! From Battle Royale to Fighting against AI on 7th Cav server you wont be dissapointed.
game-hours: 17.4
review: This game is great. do anything you want on two massive maps and litterally anything from flying jets and killing enemies from 1000m away with a Cheytac you can do it
game-hours: 1580.6
review: Very Good, many killS
game-hours: 582.5
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 0.5
review: BUY IT is a hell of game...and the graphics are great...the life action military gameplay are filled with greatness
game-hours: 197.9
review: Sergal approved
game-hours: 1414.3
review: Getting better with each game they bring out, loving the mods at come with it and after this post hopefully be more to come :) Altas life is brilliant, City Life RPG is doing there Alpha on ARMA 3 aswell. Worth getting to enjoy the singleplayer and multiplayer aspect aswell with all the mods for it :)
game-hours: 299.2
review: You know that a game is a hard core military sim when you spend much of your time marching and griping to the CO about how the chopper could have put us closer. Yes it is hard core, but, with the right scenario, surprisingly accessible. Game still seems in development without clear instructions on how to create scenarios and seems a little buggy, but whether that is due to bad scripting or the program itself is unclear. I'd pick this game up if cheap or if you know a group of people who are keen to play and have at least one person who knows how to mod and run the server. There are also plenty of ARMA clans out there to join if you are keen. Again the game still doesn't quit feel as complete as the previous in the series but then the game is trying to do a lot and once you get in, you can still have a lot of fun.
game-hours: 52.2
review: Ive been playing the Campain recntly, and OMG its is amazin. So far i love it. It is the way that i always wanted to play ARMA 3, but its damn near imposbile without a great clan that does this kinda stuff all the time. So i welcome the Campain with open arms. As for the game it self, you should only get it if you know what youre getting yourself into. This is not the avrage military shooter that we are used to. (not that there is anything wring with the avrage military shooter, i really enjoy those games as well) If you have doubts about getting this game, defanitly check some gameplay on youtube first.
game-hours: 81.3
review: DAS IT MANE
game-hours: 8.9
review: Good game. Can be a little hard for new players but worth the buy
game-hours: 115.6
review: One of the best games I have ever Played!!
game-hours: 103.6
review: Better then Battlefield and CoD IMO.
game-hours: 28.0
review: this game is sick, i am not amused when i am playing this game. It's boring. I dont really know how people still have fun with this game. In multiplayer there is so few kind of mods. it has a lot of lag.. and it's hard to play good in multiplayer. You can play for some days, but soon, you might be tired of this game. I am repent to buy this game
game-hours: 307.5
review: Best Military Simulator on Steam!
game-hours: 0.5
review: It's a fantastic game for those who wish to play anything but the base game.
game-hours: 198.5
review: Good buy, a lot of bugs and glitches but fun with people.
game-hours: 59.6
review: To make a quick summary for those people who doesnt like to read long novels, this game is, what I call a "Military Simulator Sandbox", and a really good one too. Arma is not about getting the highest killstreak and leveling up to aquire new equipment like the biggest competitors, Battlefield and Call of Duty. This game is actually about making your military dreams come true. With a box full of features, tools and items, you are able to customize the warfare to your liking. Tank wars, close quarters, snipers, helicopter scouting, civilian shooting, HUMVEE racing, you name it. And the best part of Arma is that, the sandbox features is only one toe of the game. Arma 3 features: - Story Campagins - Developermade Scenarios - Training Missions - Armories (where you can just try out all the items avaliable) - Sandbox modes - Zeus mode (Zeus mode is a gamemode where a person gets to change and adapt the warfare in realtime, you basically play as god) - Multiplayer - Modding support (With a huge modding community) - Underwater combat - In air combat - Road and offroad Vehicles - Teamcontrol and strategy (you are able to control your AI fireteam with very advanced features compared to other games, same goes with real players, although they are not necessarily as reliable (from personal experience)). The biggest reason to buy this game would not be for the campagin. I personally thought it was quite boring, just like I think other shooter campagins are boring, but I expected that, and most importantly - I didnt care. You dont buy Arma for the story modes. You buy it for the Multiplayer, or atleast for the sandbox modes (which is what I've played the most). However, there are bad sides of the game aswell. When I first started play Arma 2, my first impression was - god the quantity of content avaliable here is enormous. It litterally felt like there were a thousand weapons, and a thousand vehicles avaliable. Sadly I dont get that same feeling in Arma 3. Instead my impression was, "do we only get one airplane"? But this issue can always be fixed with the modding support avaliable in the game. I personally cant play the game without mods anymore as its so much better with, and then I really liked the game unmodded aswell. When its up to performance, the game runs averagly. You need a good computer to run the game at fair graphics with a decent framerate, just as it was for the prequels. Which kind of person would enjoy Arma 3? A person who likes immersion and tactical gameplay. Who like big open worlds and who like complex modes, who dont get bothered by long travels with no action and who can be patient. A typical CoD player would probably not enjoy the game, as its not as filled with timeless action.
game-hours: 350.7
review: BEST GAME FOR FUN VERY GOOD FOR ARMA CLAENS HAVE FUN :D
game-hours: 141.3
review: good
game-hours: 76.5
review: Arma 3 is as real as it gets in military simulation. I would rank the 3 main military simulator games like this; COD < Battlefield < Arma. I have played the Arma series since Arma 2 and I can say that this game requires more use of strategy and skill rather than the other two games listed above. It is not about shoot em up, get points, and level up. It is more like use your advantages and strategy against the enemy to push back or eliminate them. It's about teamwork and large amounts of skill to win the mission. There are 2 huge islands in the game with tons of bases and towns on each. There are lots of mods and the multiplayer is fun when you find a good lobby. (I mostly play Battle Royale and Annex). The single player is fun and long and the graphics are amazing if you have a good PC to run them. There are not as many vehicles in this than Arma 2, but there are still a lot. The workshop makes getting add-ons a breeze. If I were to give a rating for this game I would give it a 9/10, with the -1 being around half the multiplayer lobbies having near empty or no people in them most of the time. Other than that this game is a great buy for people looking for hardcore military simulators.
game-hours: 1414.9
review: a vice that can not be left, specially playing Wasteland Multiplayer
game-hours: 280.9
review: Just an awesome game!
game-hours: 22.6
review: Really great game! Much realistic, very deaths. But seriously! This game is the most realistic FPS! It only takes a few shot to die. You definitely are not Arnold Schwarzneger (Terminator), Sylvester (Rambo) or Daniel Craig (James Bond). It has very hard Singleplayer missions. Maybe it's because I usually act like Terminator and try to run in everyones face with my Assault rifle... dunno.. Feels realistic.
game-hours: 368.8
review: Nice...=)
game-hours: 143.0
review: war is serious.
game-hours: 511.3
review: Awesome game, Great Simulator
game-hours: 275.3
review: Awesome game with amazing multiplayer gamemodes and a ton of mods
game-hours: 0.2
review: This Game Is The Best i Mean I cant Even Explain it Wow Just Wow i hope there is a part 4
game-hours: 171.7
review: Very much worth the money, however you need a power computer to run it acceptably.
game-hours: 21.5
review: Arma 3 Is a very versitile game that has many different gamemodes within the base game.
game-hours: 28.8
review: 100% worth it.
game-hours: 271.5
review: Sweet game. Well.. not tasty sweet but the game is pretty cool. Well.. not that its cold but the game is a good game. A very good game indeed. Even in alpha; still very buggy though but that's to be expected. but yeah.. good game :-)
game-hours: 635.4
review: eh
game-hours: 310.2
review: Amazing Game, honestly. Its a very fun game to play with friends or alone, I prefer it with friends though :3 10/10
game-hours: 1015.0
review: I mean it's ok.....
game-hours: 658.7
review: Amazing.
game-hours: 140.7
review: Is Good, 420/10
game-hours: 107.3
review: With a group of mates this becomes a truly epic game and the limit of the game will only depend on the imagination of its modding community.
game-hours: 0.6
review: awesome
game-hours: 44.6
review: Bohemia interactive never stop surprising me. When you think they reached the best anyone can do, you notice the Beta or Alpha in the name, that tells you that isn't even the best they can do. From Arma II and pretty much all the expansion packs, to Arma III. If you enjoy a realistic war simulator, or wasting times in the huge amount of mods you can find for the game (Looks like "Skyrim"), this is your game!
game-hours: 1600.1
review: awesome game but to be honest most of the admins in a lot of the servers I have played on are money hungry and s.
game-hours: 31.5
review: fun
game-hours: 753.4
review: Crashes too  often
game-hours: 8.9
review: You can control the weather 10/10 would buy again.
game-hours: 20.1
review: i think it is the best game around and i baught it for how good it is i give it a 100/100 its the best
game-hours: 103.1
review: kinda cool game so far takes some getting used to but i can't wait until arma 4 comes out
game-hours: 888.5
review: This game is what PC gaming is all about! Arma 3 Da Beast!
game-hours: 8.7
review: I'm sure this is a great game. If I ever figure out how to play it to any acceptable level, I'll let you know how it goes.
game-hours: 169.6
review: Great game! Wether yout looking to play a tactical fps or an rpg or just a co-op with your friends Arma 3 is right for you!
game-hours: 20.2
review: game is so real its not
game-hours: 121.6
review: BEST GAME EVA!!!!
game-hours: 34.2
review: A lot less clunky than Arma 2, infact Arma 3's "stance adjust" control system should become standard. I've so far found the single player campaign a bit lacklustre, feels overly linear for such a non linear open world map. That said, playing the mod Pilgrimage is much much more addictive and shows what this game is capable of. Can't comment on multiplayer yet as I wanted to learn the control system (and finish Pilgrimage) first but it's safe to say that's where the real meat of this game is.
game-hours: 166.0
review: This game might not be for asian players. Reason? They aren't many servers for asian players. The game has been known for their DayZ Mod and Altis Life. I can't play Altis life the reason i got the game cause i get kicked due to the latency issue. Server location.
game-hours: 535.4
review: extremley good
game-hours: 5.6
review: Still better than dayz worth it this is awesome
game-hours: 568.1
review: ArmA 3 is the sequel of a long line of military simulations by Bohemia. Starting with Operation Flashpoint and progressing to ArmA 3, the team has more than 13 years of experience. Here's my review: This episode is set on the islands of Stratis and Altis which are somewhat a copy of real greek islands. Set in a near future, the conflict oppose US and UK which are supposedly depicting NATO against Iranians. To mix the cards even more you get local rebels. Now that's the overall theory of the blah blah. Reality is: ArmA 3 is a war simulation where you go around a HUGE map on foot or with any vehicle you want/find. You shoot guns, detonate explosives, kill people. So far we could list several games with those features. So what's the game? Imagine you are in the middle of a large field, walking with a few other soldier on a routine patrol. Suddenly a shot rings out and the guy in front of you collapse dead to the ground. You run for a cover, not knowing where the shots are coming from. There is confusion and everyone is keeping is head down to avoid taking one in the head. After the initial shock of being attacked after 15 minutes of quiet walk, you eat your brains back and figure out who's you shooting at you. Being pinned and outnumbered, you call for artillery but the bad guys are already charging on you. The small squad attempts you keep a defensive stance, firing at any open target. Casualties pile up on both sides. Suddenly your screen turns red with blood splatters. You have been hit. You use your first aid kit to try to stabilize yourself. In the meantine the battle keeps going. Nearby troops have converged on location and a large scale battle has erupted. You are in the middle of it. What will you do next? It's up to you but be sure of one thing: one tiny mistake and you're dead. It's brutal, it's frustrating and unpredictable, it's ArmA 3. You will walk for long periods, you will crawl, you will get shot at, you will die and have to restart the mission over and over again. It's not a casual shooter, it's a battlefield simulation. You will learn more and more. And forget about trying to do the same mission the same way and knowing where the bad guys will be. ArmA is unpredictable and for this very reason what didn't work the first time might work the second and third time. Maybe last time you ran into an armored vehicle but this time you got a clear path. Or is it? Ambushes, mines and other enjoyable pain in the butt make this game one heck of a challenge. Expect a steep learning curve and severe frustration. For those of you who are already familiar with ArmA or whom believe they may be ready to try their luck at this thing, here's a few things that you might enjoy. There is a few interesting features : Weapon customization allowing you to change optics and other attachments on the fly with what you're carrying, which is obviously new in ArmA. It is not limited to weapons: clothes, gears, backpack etc... You can use any and all vehicles, drive them around and use their weapons. Speaking of vehicles and weapons all of them are state of the art death dealing machines. Whilst limited in the Alpha and Beta, the number has gone up to a more reasonnable ammount since then. You are not fighting alone unless you want to. ArmA is all about being part of a war, not being Rambo. This episode is no exception. You can command a squad or a whole battlefield. The AI has been re-worked and is more brilliant and deadly than before. You do what you want the way you see fit. Objectives are original and so is the campaign. But the TOP TWO features that everyone should appreciate are the easy-but-not-so-easy editor and the community content! The editor is in fact a very powerful tool allowing you to create missions on the fly, work a full campaign or create a scenario for your next coop play with your fellas. The editor is easy to handle for basic needs such as placing vehicles, objects, players, respawn points and such. Where it gets more difficult is if you want special objectives, more versatility in your actions, tasks, special effects and etc... Then you have to get your head and heart into the not so easy ArmA syntax. Pick up scripting and start making bigger, more complex missions. This can be less appealing to several of us who have no bloody interest in learning a 7th language. But despair not me lads! For there is the community content! No only does ArmA allows custom content, it even encourage it making all necessary tools available to modders out there! Now I am not saying it is easy! Don't get me wrong! But it is available that is true. And talk about a community! You can find thousands of various units, vehicles, weapons and scripts. Same with missions! You feel for a base defence? Search around the great community websites and bohemia forums, you will find hundreds of them. Some will require custom content, some won't. So make sure you check if you need extra content to run a mission or install an addon. Editor has some new features but nothing too new since ArmA 2. Modding is pretty much the same excepted for the size of the addons. Common units packs used to be 150mb or so. You shall now consider a minimum of 500mb for a unit pack. 50mb instead of 15mb for each vehicles. Multiplayer: With its great range of mods and addons, you need to be careful about the server mod list before trying to join. It is still easy to find a game to join and enjoy. You should also try to be aware of the title: A realism server will often have some strongly enforced rules, roles and hierarchy while a server with the name FunHouse might have some crazy and laid back attitude. A life server with usualy be roleplay about life so forget about war there. Because yes that is one thing about ArmA and its community: The game can be scripted, modded and adapted to change it entierly. Normal evolution and DLC's: the game is often patched to allow bug fixing but also to constantly add features (which is free) but there is also some less positive sh*t called DLC's which are now about to pollute ArmA 3: Kart is the first one of them, next one is helicopter and then whatever sniper or else. Those DLC will add slightly more content to your game but are absolutely NOT NECESSARY not enjoy the game full features. Pros and Cons: Pros: -Decent graphics -Thrill and intensity -Hard simulation but not hardcore -Variety of vehicles and weapons -New physx engine -Addons and missions by the community (Free!) -Frequent patches to fix bugs and add news features -Singleplayer and multiplayer PVP-TVT-COOP -Campaign, missions and bootcamp -New features (Diving, changing gears, shooting from vehicles) Cons: -Steep learning curve -Require a very powerful system for larger battles -Upcoming DLC's ($) -Every vehicles feel too vulnerable to infantry -AI is sometimes too skilled (killing you from 600 meters with 1 bullet) and sometimes  (shooting at some house on the left while you are standing in front of them) -A lot of keyboard commands for each vehicles type -Lot of dead time where walking and running are the only activities involved (can be boring if you are looking for quick action) Final verdict: I highly recommend the game for people who want a real military simulation which require thinking and good nerves. If you are looking for a laidback game to play on a monday night between two tv shows, this will not suit you. It is demanding and long. You must plan at least an hour per gaming session to feel satisfied. But once you get into it, it's highly addictive!
game-hours: 383.4
review: Fun, Unique, Custom content support 10/10
game-hours: 3190.5
review: Still an outstanding game
game-hours: 913.7
review: Love this game! There's nothing else like it.
game-hours: 5.8
review: A bit choppy and a little too complicated. The game overall is quite smartly laid out though, as each soldier in a squad will need some particular specialty in order to maintain the squad's threshold against an opisition. After spending hours of entertainment in this game, watching the pretty graphics and NPC's at work, I can say that the game is definately worth plating... at what cost though?...
game-hours: 348.3
review: A*
game-hours: 521.2
review: very good game having fun play it
game-hours: 286.3
review: 10/10 game.
game-hours: 124.6
review: Love this game! If you dont mind running and driving few miles you will like it too.
game-hours: 26.6
review: There is a learning curve if you are looking to play it seriously, becoming good at this game requires dedication and time but there are usually casual servers to have easy fun on if you are looking to mess around
game-hours: 69.5
review: Awesome
game-hours: 217.0
review: BREAKING POINT!!!! BREAKING POINT!!! BREAKING POINT!!!!! NUFF SAID. 420/400
game-hours: 829.1
review: If you played the CoD series and wanna jump into this I dont think its for you, However if you like War Simulators, Bullet drops, Tactics and Realism I do indeed recomend it. Enjoy!
game-hours: 32.6
review: Really awesome game, but the performance is just all over the place or terrible.
game-hours: 129.6
review: Muito bom o jogo mas  bem pesado. Recomendo 8gb de ram para jogar!!
game-hours: 174.1
review: Get It. Such a beast game
game-hours: 30.4
review: Just like Human Centipede, this game is medically and scientifically accurate. Just like Apollo 13, you will have a lot of problems. Just like Shakespeare, it will end in tragedy. Just like NASA, you will not have enough funds to continue missions. Just like your grandma, you will end up as ashes. Just like Boy Meets World... except face first. Just like Die Hard: With a Vengeance... except no vengeance. Just like a Japanese Kamikaze pilot... except unintentional. Just like your girlfriend's virginity... all will be lost. Just like gay marriage... you will eventually get close. Just like an adopted baby, you will long for reuniting with mother moon. Just like a failed marriage, you wonder where it all went wrong. Just like an Islam extremist, you will scream prior to your death. Just like a cookie, you will crumble. Just like Selena Gomez, you will have one good hit, but can't replicate it no matter how hard you try. Just like a crazed sociopath Jebediah will ALWAYS smile, whether he's being thrown into the sun or on a fire-reentry back into Kerbin Orbit. - (Cobalt Lightning) Just like you have Alzheimers, you will forget your parachute - (Austin) Just like war, It never changes. - (Dr. Strangelove) Just like Peppi you'll use the boost to get through. - (Kodiak) Just like Falco there will be something wrong with the G-diffuser Just like Slippy, "Help me.....help me!" Just like a large burrito. It looks delicious, but always ends up a terrible mess. Just like a Stormtrooper you'll never hit your target Unlike Luke Trusting your instincts will get you killed Unlike Star Wars, the only force you need to be concerned about is Mass X Acceleration Just like a necromancer, you'll have absolutely no life - (Kodiak) Just Like North Korea, The Rocket will never launch - (Sir Panda) Just like a Space Marine, we call it Steel Rain - (Kill-Cam Celebrity) Just like Skyrim, your steed will only be able to fly for minutes at a time Just like SimCity, you'll quickly learn your building skills are  Just like a Scout, Jebediah runs fast and dies a virgin - (Kill-Cam Celebrity) Just like your mom's house, one mistake and you're out - (Kill-Cam Celebrity) Just like Russia. You can only love it or hate it. - (Selina Kyle) Just like EA, you promote it as a good thing, but it turns out to be a bad thing - (NOSCOPE) just like a Steam sale, you will use the funds that you don't have. - (Broccoli) Just Like Adventure Time, Grab your friends & go to very distant lands. - (Kanjzo) Just like IPhone 6, It will bend. - (Kanjzo) Just like this review, f*cking , dude - (Chris Atkins) Just like a bomb ... BOOOOM!!! - (Chasew) [very clever haha] Just like Star Trek movies, every other launch will suck. - (#SwagnarTheSweg) Just like a heart transplant, it was all going so well... - (Nigel Burke's Wristwatch)
game-hours: 4.7
review: Amazing realsim and very fun. If you like openworld games and shooters then get this, worth the money!
game-hours: 1607.0
review: Arma My second most playe game 399hrs wasted in life to laugh and have fun with my Squad/Group/Gang on Arma 3. The Most detailed army sandbox first and third person shooter I know. I always lived and admired the Arma Seires And im thinking about buying "Arma 2" later this week i think theres nothing wrong with the game and all the content in the game works well and in my opinion it doesnt need to be worked on the game is already a master piece in the making. Yes I would recomend this game even if you told me not to a thousnad time. LOVE THIS GAME
game-hours: 185.8
review: Do it!
game-hours: 523.2
review: 9/11
game-hours: 186.8
review: brett should get this ]
game-hours: 66.9
review: Great GAme its a must buy
game-hours: 67.6
review: Its not a bad game but I highly recomend you spend that dirty nearly 40 on something else, like the new Wolfenstein game or treat your girlfriend to a nice dinner, or better yet, pay a hooker instead. Best bet is a bunch of 10-15 games with sould and character like S.T.A.L.K.E.R or something like that.
game-hours: 655.8
review: Pretty fun, endless with mods
game-hours: 178.7
review: Get This optimized , holy f**CK is it bad. You can have i7 and gtx 770 and wont do it !! Horrible in that aspect ...... need's like 4 titans sli with 100 gig ram and so on...
game-hours: 142.5
review: everyone who thinks they are badarse at shooters should try this real war simulator! You ain't CAV you ain't ....**** This is by far as close as you can get to war without going.One of the best games i own, and will never go out of style.
game-hours: 333.0
review: Battlefield with a tiwst great game
game-hours: 107.4
review: This is a amazing game struggle to get bored off this game as there are so many mods you can play. theres day\, wastelane, atlis life etc.... the campaign is a struggle and hard to complete. the gun effects and other effects are mint there game is so realistic its unreal rate this game 10/10
game-hours: 38.9
review: Moved to Altis because the benfifits were meant to be good and the schools are great for the 3 kids. How wrong that was. Wages are terrible and and i couldnt make ends meet. Had to look up an old cartel buddy of mine from the old dayz. Luckily he was still around and had the usual contacts. At a risk he smuggled me a gun and some equipment and i had to go renegade. Robbed some petrol stations and things were going well till this have a go hero cop just wouldnt give up. Nows he's dead and Im a wanted man. A !ng figitive on the run. Never gonna see ma kids again...man i got 5 kids to feed. Oh well you know what i say " the poilice,oh ah  the police......... em".
game-hours: 274.0
review: Posibbly one of the most engaging shooter/simulators there are. Loved Arma, Arma II, and this is just an awesome game. Couple that with the Epoch mod or even the breaking point mod, and the game really does pay for itself. Can't recommend it enough.
game-hours: 0.1
review: it looks so cool
game-hours: 74.3
review: I played this game in Alpha, spawn - airstrike - die - repeat, very unenjoyable. Since playing the official release it has been great! I am now able to aim my sights at someone else, pull the trigger and they die, the vehicles are very entertaining aswell. Thus making it an enjoyable game now. The campaign or champaign as i like to call it has some delicious variety of cypriut, english and american voice actors who truly went balls deep with their vocal skills. Perhaps I should mention what the actual gameplay is like? no, it's truly an experience only your hard earned cash can understand, I strongly urge you to consider spending some of your birthday money or stripper money on this simulation (game) and experience the story of a lifetime. You cannot possible fathom the scale of the maps that are at hand, it will litterally take you hours to run from one side to the other in real time. I highly recommend this game if you wish to waste countless hours of your life pretending to be in the military.
game-hours: 50.8
review: Arma 3, more like Altis Life.
game-hours: 45.2
review: what a dissapointment. massive step back from arma 2 and the campaign is made in the basic mission editor, i can make better missions myself. embarrasing.
game-hours: 235.0
review: Great multiplayer. massive open world and a lots of oppertunity. THIS IS WAR
game-hours: 70.1
review: Very good game highly recommend :NATO: :NATO: :NATO: :NATO: :NATO:
game-hours: 179.3
review: n1 Game Suchtfaktor
game-hours: 1434.3
review: I, myslef, don't like the whole futurisic , however there are improvments from arma 2 such as graphics and animations. It is awesome if you can use the right mods. I have also had the game since the day it was accesable in Alpha, and for some reason i found it funner then than I do now.
game-hours: 827.7
review: It's fun if you play it with friends or with a clan. By yourself - it's worthless.
game-hours: 709.5
review: After the recent update most of the desync was gone, marvelous work. 10/10 would crash the vehicles again.
game-hours: 334.8
review: Absolutely the best game I own. Worth all 60$ of it. Already have 100+ hours and have barely even dug into Altis LIfe alone. There is SO much you can do in this game, and it's all beautiful, because the graphics in this game are amazing. 11/10 would recommend to anyone.
game-hours: 588.4
review: This was my first ArmA game and it was amazing The controls are not hard but not the easiest This game is probly te best game i have ever played in gameplay but..... Now it crashes to the point i can't play any multiplayer but other than that it's AMAZING I think anyone who likes shooters and roleplay games should buy and play this game at least try it sometime
game-hours: 4.2
review: This game is fun. It has some pretty cool survival aspects and also has vehicles that arw somewhat stable. You should definetely buy the game if you have the spare cash :D
game-hours: 208.5
review: The Best Advanced Battle Game !!!
game-hours: 124.7
review: So much mods available, almost too much to choose from.
game-hours: 202.2
review: I have really come to enjoy Arma 3, it was difficult at first to understand the controls . After thirt minutes of gameplay i was really good. I would recomember this to people who enjoy serious tatical gameplay.
game-hours: 174.7
review: Dope game.
game-hours: 103.7
review: where taking a bullet in the head is more easy than learn the keyboard control.
game-hours: 280.9
review: AMAZING
game-hours: 88.7
review: Fun tactical game. DayZ has made it to it so makes it twice as fun. Play it for your opinion.
game-hours: 509.9
review: Nice Game. Great military-simulation. Plenty of community made mods.
game-hours: 552.5
review: After the 523 hr I have played arma 3 I have meet new friends I have joined and made groups and had some epic battles, Its an amazing game, every thing is at it best in Arma 3, the pyhisics, combat movments, wepons and many more! 10/10
game-hours: 500.1
review: The perfect way to play Arma 3: 1: Get 2 UGVs and a buddy. 2: Tell your buddy to get into the first UGV while you get into the second. 3: Control the UGV that your buddy was in while you have him control yours. 4: drive around like idiots
game-hours: 2.0
review: Very good game, extremly good graphic, sound, everything! Some little bugs but nah, they will be solved I think, I recommand!
game-hours: 22.4
review: Definately worth the 34.99 spent! There is so much to do on this game with amazing graphics, and smooth gameplay experience.
game-hours: 143.2
review: one the best games ever, years of selfmaking content :)
game-hours: 96.4
review: IF YOU VE BEEN IN OUTER SPACE AND I DONT MEAN WITH SIGORNEY WEAVER ,YOUL HAVE MISSED OUT ON THIS WATS SET TO BECOME A CULT CLASSIC A.N.B.A.I .WERE TO START THIS IS NOT FOR THE FAINT OF HEART I ASSURE YOU,FROM TAKISTAN LIFE TO MOTOR BIKES IN THE SNOW ,TO DRIVING YR OWN HELI AND TANKS I CUD GO ON 4EVA,YES SIR E BOB ARMA 3 ACTULY ARMA 2 AS WELL BUT 3 IS THE BOMB AND IF YOU HAVENT ALREADY GOT A COPY WELL DO SOME  AROUND THE HOUSE TO HELP MOM AN DAD ,WITHOUT ASKING CAN I DO SOME THING JUST DO. BUT YEAH THE GAME ITS OK ....................GET OUT AND MAKE THE MONEY U DERSERVE IT GO NOW
game-hours: 1065.3
review: Best War sim
game-hours: 777.4
review: Great game with great potentional with the modding community. Arma 3 engine in itself is an amazing engine with plenty of scripting opportunities for new developers and experienced ones. Without the modding community I don't think this game would be as popular as it is, but with the modding community it's amazing what they bring to the table in this open world military simulator. Between Altis life (best described as Grand Theft Auto where humans play every role), to Wasteland, and even Ahoyworld's co-op capture gameplay, this game has definitive replayability. I really love the DayZ Epoch mod, and Breaking Point mod as they both bring their own taste of the post-apocalyptic mayhem to the Arma 3 community. Now I can't wait for the helicopter DLC and the markman DLC coming soon. Realism in flying helicopters and additional mid to long range weapons will just be icing on the cake for this series, and the cake isn't a lie with this one.
game-hours: 262.1
review: this game is an awesome simulator game 100/10
game-hours: 697.4
review: Good game
game-hours: 171.1
review: yes
game-hours: 866.6
review: Game is good, only problem is desync drop frame in multiplayer kinda  but game is 9/10 recomend to everyone !
game-hours: 300.2
review: hopped in a rhib and went to the airfield during the night, took a fuel truck from enemys then went and took a tank and blew up a new spawn in a sports car 10/10 this game is only really good if you have friends, AND willing to download mods, AND be able to put up with home made servers, AND spawn kill in wasteland, AND jets in wasteland etc
game-hours: 60.7
review: If you want to play a FPS/TPS game that will test your wits, this would be the game for you.
game-hours: 70.9
review: 10/10
game-hours: 67.8
review: MODS.
game-hours: 1885.5
review: Really fun!
game-hours: 120.1
review: Very realistic and even my old PC from 2006 can run this! :) 10/10
game-hours: 18.3
review: AFTER UPDATE NEW COMMAND CODE MAKE GAME REALLY GOOD FOR ME !!!!
game-hours: 123.3
review: Buy this game.
game-hours: 199.7
review: A nice simulator. Unlike other games that try to give a "Warfare" experience but instead give you a stupid CQC stage, in this game, it is "Do or Die", you must team up, but you can give it a try to being solo, of course, it will NOT be like Call of Duty or Medal of Honor, it will be... an unique close-to-real warfare experience. The game has few guns, but they are unique and can make a difference. The variants are extended, making it a huge library of choices you can have. The bullets have an unique rendering, and you can have tracers (Red, Green.), which can be seen and can help to tell a nearby teammate where the enemy is. The vehicles are decent, most are sluggish and it does not really give you a civillian feeling, but it gives out most of the Military feeling. Many servers to play in, with different modes: Altis Life, Co-op, Zeus and so on. You can find a game mode you want, and with the huge quantity of modifications existing around Steam and the internet, you will certainly never stop playing, unless tactics or marksmanship isn't your thing. 9.5/10
game-hours: 20.0
review: The ARMA3 is a massive military sandbox games that it has very true surrounding and experience.You can play a large number of MODS that it build by players.I think it is very amazing.I played the wastland and the Alits life MOD.I felt that there is a real world i within it. if you are a military affairs fans,you should buy this game even it will cost 59.9 dollars.If you aren't ,don't buy this one believe me the ARMA3 is a terrible game and wast your 59.9 bucks.
game-hours: 102.5
review: buy it
game-hours: 12.9
review: Like skyrim with guns! 10/10 Would play again!
game-hours: 126.8
review: This title boasts some DEEP simulation and tactical combat dynamics. COD full of derps? Riding the "Netcode" bandwagon for Battlefield 4? Need something you can sink your "this  is real" hands into? Stop thinking about it and snatch it up. 8/10 (10 being the game Jesus made)
game-hours: 40.0
review: Another great adition to the ARMA collection! ARMA 3 is closer to the most perfect action simulation I have tryed Lots of new additions are included in this one. A nice touch with SCUBA Diving and Mine disarming, AI are realy on the ball, Too die is very easy too :-( Nice touch of wiled things around the map including the odd snake or too. Bound to bite if close enough so stay clear. Anouther darn head ach to tend too he he. Just a Thought.. ..Maybe some hard core Bomb Disposal & disarming in the next mod or too Please? 10/10 for this ARMA 3 Thanks!
game-hours: 377.2
review: After 335 hours this year and last I never got to really achieve what this game would be best at, which is large multiplayer PvP gaming in an organised way, but I did look at most aspects to the game and have been a modder since Op Flashpoint years and years ago to feel comfortable in providing well rounded thoughts on it. Undoubtedly not all people have the ability to invest the time into this and opt for cheap thrill games with low learning curves. I'm not going to bash that, but the distinction needs to be made that within it's genre, which is perhaps a niche one, it's the pinnacle of land combat simulation engines and has been since it's beginings. You only need to check the success of DayZ, a mere mod of a previous version of this, to understand the capability is as wide ranging as any other engine, like CryEngine and so on, but much more fully delivered. I support the notion of Arma 3 and sandbox games and i feel somewhat sorry for those that do not have the imagination to play in a sandbox anymore. Yes the campaign was average, but it's such a miniscule part of the game that mentioning it is not worthwhile feedback for BiS. I've had no greater fun than getting pinned down by enemy fire and working with a group of strangers to overcome an obstacle to the victory and exchange of steam friends. I've sat and marvelled at the glow of night time tracer and explosions rather than played the game. I've been impressed at CAS from human players that has rescued my team. I've been challenged by the puzzles and enjoyed writing a completely scripted zombie mission for my familly to play as a threesome which was hilarious. The potential for this engine is almost unlimited. There were a few les with the engine, I will admit, i'm not a religious fan. The sounds initially were fairly average and bugged and the community filled that. There's been plenty of bugs down the road. Snakes opening doors, vehicles getting flipped, that type of thing. These never ruined the game. Arma 3 is sufficiently progressive to provide a few more years of play, the community will provide the content, the engine will deliver. Go into this with the attitude of finding a group to play with and that it's a shooter that will have a couple of weeks learning curve, it's a game for life, not just christmas.
game-hours: 50.9
review: This game is just awesome. It is a big jump from Arma 2.
game-hours: 332.2
review: If it would get a better engine i will recommend it. But it is fun only you got sometimes (In battles) huge fps drops etc. Fun game, have like 250hours in the game or something, dont know xd
game-hours: 961.5
review: A review for people new to ArmA: A combat simulator with an immersive atmosphere and a flourishing community. Need I say more? If you haven't played ArmA before, it is certainly not your typical first person shooter. Instead of focusing on things like killstreaks and weird camos or attachments, ArmA focuses on warfare as a whole. Heavy, medium, and light armor, supporting units like weapons platoons and engineer teams, clsoe air support of all shades is all addressed in ArmA, with particular emphasis on how they are connected. A level of authenticity is reached in ArmA that few other "war games" can qiute match. Stamina and weight systems, weapon sway and actual ballistics, as well as movement intertia (I mean swinging an anti-material sniper rifle is going to have IMMENSE affect on a player's aim) all play into the authenticity ArmA brings to the table. Infantry roles are not simply reduced to four classes or a set of perks, but are defined by their place in the squad and their role in combat. Putting the game into words is not an easy task, and taking my word for it is difficult for some. Watch Jester814 or Dyslexi on the YouTubes to get a full feel of what sets ArmA apart from other "war games". Let's just say this: Once I played ArmA, I never went back to Battlefield, Call of Duty, or Counterstrike.
game-hours: 45.0
review: arma 3 is a cool game
game-hours: 6.0
review: gr8 game
game-hours: 160.3
review: AMAZING millitary sim with tons of stuff to do and heaps of multiplayer game modes to try. Definately worth getting if on sale!
game-hours: 1203.0
review: Aside of the HUGE PERFORMANCE and optimizing issues, it's one of the best tectical shooters there is.
game-hours: 49.3
review: The graphics thats what its all about :))))))
game-hours: 0.2
review: Felt clunky. Might get it when it's cheaper though.
game-hours: 184.2
review: Action packed, You can do almost anything imaginable with this game, immersive campaign, the introduction of steam workshop really added to the amount of fun you can have with this game. I personally prefer the RPG (altis life) or Sandbox servers. 9.5/10
game-hours: 51.0
review: Pros: -Realistic -intense -fun -never gets boring, can make countless scenerios Cons: Very graphics demanding
game-hours: 586.9
review: Beautiful game. Work of art. Play it everyday.
game-hours: 0.4
review: Arma 3, a game, about being in the army... That was the summary, of the entire game... And the free-battle mode... 10 / 10 would fight again
game-hours: 1349.5
review: My game crashed whenever I load it... Any sollutions? Example: Profile Loading Finalizing Profile Then It starts BOOM Blue Circle I click once it turns black twice White I have to then restart my computer e.e
game-hours: 54.8
review: worst game ever
game-hours: 248.2
review: Is best  ever
game-hours: 44.2
review: battle royale (Y)
game-hours: 92.7
review: Did a barrel roll in a helicopter. 10/10
game-hours: 308.1
review: Would play again 5.5/5
game-hours: 7.6
review: Great game, Atlis Life, Island life, DayZ, and Epoch mod. Cant Wait !!!!!!!
game-hours: 55.8
review: Nice graphics. Really good game. Noone to play with thou ;(.
game-hours: 100.6
review: Get it fantastic game
game-hours: 1.0
review: Awesome game, havent played much but would recommend!
game-hours: 230.5
review: Arma 3 Is the modern combat simulation of 2013-2014. Actually that was a lie. Arma 3 is anything you want it to be. A First Person Shooter. A Role Playing game... Arma 3 fits all genres. If you want something and have the means to make it. You can. All because of the new Arma 3 Engine. Personaly I think Arma 3 knocks Battlefield & Call Of Duty off the board. Even if most people think the faces on Arma 3 look like total crap compared to other shooters on the market. Graphics don't matter, it's the content of the game that's most important. Plus Arma 3 is open world. No scripts, no dumb game barriers, no seeing through walls crazy AI's. Everyone's game expirence is different depending on their actions. I mean Arma 3's Maps like Altis and Stratis are just plain MASSIVE! I 100% reccomend buying this game regardless of the type of computer you have. Well obviously you need to meet minimal requirements to even play the game. Also people who have Intel HD Graphic's Mobile. You may face some difficulties. Get Ready To See Real Warfare.
game-hours: 44.8
review: Very nice game and the most realistic combat fps.
game-hours: 603.2
review: If you are looking for a more realistic military sandbox, Arma 3 does it right. You can set up all kinds of different combat scenarios in the editor and give it a try in singleplayer or multiplayer. Once you have learned how the AI wants to be controlled, it is pretty good. At least the AI can give you a hard challenge on the enemy side, but propperly used it can be really deadly on the friendly side too. Multiplayer is best played in a clan where everybody sticks to the plan. But thats the same with most games. But now and then you find little flaws that make you frown. Some of them are the players fault caused by lack of experience with the game mechanics or unrealistic behaviour in hot combat zones. But others are real bugs that will be fixed in the future. Arma 3 surely has some kind of high-angle learning curve until you fully understand the mechanics. But after that you can have tons of hours of fun. Most of the people i know have stacked 200+ hours. At least Arma 3 is 10 times worth your money and absolutely worth your time. You should try it. And if you have problems playing it, ask experienced players for help.
game-hours: 432.5
review: Love this game! Best game on steam in my opinion!
game-hours: 94.8
review: Very fun game. Espically with all the mods like, Epoch, Altis life and Arma 3 life. All very fun if you like role play. Epoch is a zombie survival game if you've played Arma 2 Epoch it's very simular.
game-hours: 414.1
review: This is a great game, no question about it. There's so many gamemodes around for it and a mass of mods to make the experience whatever you want it to be.
game-hours: 694.1
review: This game was probably the best 60 bucks I have ever invested
game-hours: 203.2
review: This is a Awsome!! game, it is highly recommended
game-hours: 296.9
review: Very good game would definately recommend
game-hours: 115.9
review: For the true infantry simulation experience the ArmA series for me is the only choice. I've been a player of these games since the release of the original Operation Flashpoint: Cold War Crisis back in June 2001. ArmA3 solidly builds on the pedigree built up by the previous games, retaining the essential feel of them whilst adding many new and much welcome features. The new highly customisable inventory is a great improvement allowing the adjustment of clothing, personal equipment and weapons and weapon accessories. Some people may complain about the state of in game features like missions and the campaign at release but ArmA/OFP has always been more than just the game that was initially purchased to me. It is about what the game will become as BI and the modding community especially works its magic over the coming years. Quite simply a PC Classic which will hopefully continue to grow.
game-hours: 81.8
review: 100% worth all the money great game!
game-hours: 3.4
review: Maybe I'm doing something wrong. Maybe this game isn't good. I can't say I give a damn at this point.
game-hours: 13.9
review: Far more polished than Arma 2, this brings the series into a more modern timeline. Has a slightly more tech feel to it, graphics and engine are cranked up a notch and feels a lot more fluid, but this is still Arma, and it won't suit the casual gamer looking for a Call of Duty experience. This is still a simulator shooter at the core. Despite optimisiations and a vast improvement over Arma 2, you will still want (and need) a beast PC to do this game any kind of justice.
game-hours: 287.9
review: Excellent
game-hours: 141.8
review: I find this game ok. Overall its a good game but I will give it an ok because it's nothing compared to arma 2
game-hours: 138.3
review: EPIC gameplay and Crap Ragdoll
game-hours: 608.4
review: ITS A COOL GAME
game-hours: 56.3
review: nice gameplay exelent multiplayer
game-hours: 796.7
review: Awsome game :D
game-hours: 73.2
review: Really great game, or simulator I should say despite the many bugs this game has (which eventually will be worked out), its really fun(if you have a high quality PC if you have a low-end PC you might want to think about upgrading before you purchase it, it's a real CPU eater.). One dislike I have is the over-rated, over-played game modes Wasteland and Altis life but it really isin't the game more like the community itself, its sometimes hard to find a good Realism game mode with a decent amount of players or decent ping, and more guns could be added too (which are) its quite annoying to have to download a mod for a specific firearm. Overall its a great buy, well worth the money
game-hours: 14.3
review: one of my fav games
game-hours: 2156.3
review: gorgeous looking game
game-hours: 12.1
review: Just a quick review. I have played the ARMA series from the beginning, and have also been a massive fan since then, so you will have to fogive my bias.... I'll get to the main points, ARMA is realistic, detailed and strategic in it's game play, not just a run and gun game... I am currently only playing the campaign, but the effort gone into this can be clearly seen, the graphics are intense and the AI are more robust. So far I'm enjoying it :)
game-hours: 16.6
review: A pretty hard simulator to master for someone who is new to the series. It does, however, have an impressive world to explore and battle through but the game suffers from proper teaching (as it is multiplayer-based) so it is quite confusing for me and it has really dissapointing frame-rate performances; even if your rig is overkill. A tough game to recommend but it would be much more enjoyable if the game runs better and is more understandable. + Immersive world + Good teamwork + Very enjoyable if understand - Poor performance - Somewhat hard to play, which links to low framerates A mixed thumbs up
game-hours: 17.4
review: Even in alpha the game looks amazing!
game-hours: 38.9
review: This joint off the chain. It looks sexy and I find it satisfying to play. If you liked arma 2, this is much more fluid and streamlined. It takes time to figure out all the keys cus theres so many, but its because of that which gives this game a unique experience of control and realism. Now that I think about it moving your head independant of your gun doesn't really do much but it feels baller. On top of all that there's a never ending stream of content on the workshop. Theres even a metal gear solid remake.
game-hours: 1080.3
review: Omg, This game is ing amazing.
game-hours: 307.8
review: good game if you can find the right people to play with look for a clan
game-hours: 209.2
review: It's good. Very good.
game-hours: 487.6
review: I really enjoy this game .. Its very intense but makes you appreciate simulators and FPS's.. I have clocked so many hrs into this game that i could have completed real basic training. I recommend you get your friends together for a week of infantry training before you try to break your kill streak record .. This is not Call of duty prepare for the real thing..
game-hours: 267.2
review: Buy Arma 3 just for Altis life, Fantastic graphics, and the real world sandbox of it is awesome, you can pick apples through to dealing drugs and robbing the federal reserve. or you can be a police officer and try and uphold the law.
game-hours: 124.1
review: Strongly suggusted for people of shooting games
game-hours: 64.8
review: From Altis Life to Breaking Point Arma 3 has become one of my favorite games. Their are countless amounts of missions and game modes you can play, I highly recommend this game to everyone!
game-hours: 76.4
review: I have owned this game for a long period of time (since alpha) but never played it that much seeming as I never played with anyone however this February 2014, I have had a blast playing with a few friends; demonofsparks and theavengedkoala. Wasteland is a fantastic game mode and I could not believe the time I was spending playing this. We all started playing at 10am and before we know it, it was 7pm. The time flew, especially when we are building/protecting our base, sneaking to the gun shop, stealing weapon caches, flying heli's and aircraft aswell as crashing into little stones on the road and your car completely blowing up. This truly is a very fun game - even if the price is steep. So buy this game and I will see you in the wasteland!
game-hours: 202.0
review: i love this game.I took me a week to get use to it but is a good game check it out
game-hours: 24.2
review: KNOWN TO KICK IT LIKE THE CAPTAIN OF A SOCCER TEAM
game-hours: 24.1
review: Good game, great community, awesome graphics. Loads of oppertunity and addons. 10/10
game-hours: 171.5
review: It's fun.
game-hours: 27.4
review: Would suck  for this game, 10/10, (but seriously, someone gimme game plz im in severe arma withdraw.)
game-hours: 46.6
review: Joined altis life, got ran over by some dude who was singing. 10/10
game-hours: 0.3
review: i played it once, my PC commited suicide, 10/10
game-hours: 1485.2
review: so boss, very recommened!!!
game-hours: 35.9
review: THIS GAME ROCKS!!
game-hours: 563.9
review: I bought this game the first day of alpha. It wasn't amazing. If you play it now its a completly diffrent experiance a really good one! I RECOMMEND this game to anyone who is a fan of military simulation. Even if you are not there are TONS of MODS, and a very active modding community.
game-hours: 57.3
review: i recommend this game,but now have litlebit bugs is force close i don't know it close just fix it i will happy.
game-hours: 116.0
review: Amazing visuals JUST stunning but I really don't care it's the gameplay that matters and oh boy that is amazing so much to choose from such as Altis life (many peoples favourites personally I can't get into something like that) and then Wasteland an open world sandbox and oh don't forget mods 90% of my game time is with mods such as Battle Royale (great mod that gameplay is like the hungergames but really it is based on a Japanese movie called battle royale) and also I played alot of Breaking Point (Like DayZ)
game-hours: 339.0
review: 172h played.. Nuff said
game-hours: 25.6
review: AWESOME!!!
game-hours: 327.9
review: awesome game , big improvment from arma 2, much better graphics, runs better even on my dated machine,better guns , better maps ,feels smoother ,great mods for it. Altis life: lots of played interaction (not allways DM). do all manner of stuff to get money.be a drug runner, a bandit holding people up, delivery missions, farm materials, rob banks and federal reserve,be a car theif . spend on guns, cars, choppers, various licenses,become a rebal with access to naughty illigal fire power and cars, most fun iv had playing this mod has been trolling police , getting into car chases , shooting them in the face and taking their stuff or just generaly pissing them off, not played as a cop yet apart from steeling their cars and pretending to be one .. Wasteland: its like battlefield on a massive scale and more in depth. farm for your guns ,cars and supplies, team up or not , make bases. can be really fast paced like battlefield or on larger maps you may need to go find the action. but it now , i heard they gunna run out of copies soon ><
game-hours: 92.3
review: A realistic army sim, not for the kids that enjoy Call of Duty. Bloody amazing though.
game-hours: 1178.2
review: EVERYTHING IS IMPROVED EVERYTHING EXCEPT FOR SOME THINGS MORE THAN OTHERS
game-hours: 1897.6
review: LOVE THIS GAME
game-hours: 99.8
review: Yes
game-hours: 1174.7
review: Most realistic military sim ever created. hands down my most favorite game in the world.
game-hours: 462.8
review: Excellent stuff (if you like this sort of thing, I certainly do). There are so many missions on the Steam workshop that gives this an incredible amount of content to play.
game-hours: 5.7
review: , you pay $60.00 for a game only for it to be 40% off, 3 days later!!
game-hours: 59.8
review: It gets no realer
game-hours: 140.2
review: very good military sim, not as good as Arma 2, but still very good
game-hours: 862.5
review: Yes
game-hours: 131.6
review: One of the best games I have ever played. If you looking for something more than some Bf4 this is the game. I highly recommend this to anyone.
game-hours: 44.6
review: Now when the game finally has gotten some improvements to the framerate... its still JUST playable. Anyone that thinks his got a bad computer should NOT buy this game. It will need the best PC components out there to even get near 60fps. Poorly optimised game, but once you found the settings that works with your computer it can be a fun game. But still the slow movement, stopping while changing weapon is a deal breaker. Im dissapointed that they didnt learn ANYTHING from Arma 2. What i think about the game 1 is worst 5 is best Graphics = 5 Gameplay = 3 sound = 2 Optimised = -3 Playable? Sure when you got the best PC there is to buy and nothing better to do.
game-hours: 17.1
review: Good game but not worth 40.00, id say wait for sale before buying, need good pc to run at decent fps and keep the game looking not
game-hours: 426.2
review: Awesome gameeeee
game-hours: 38.8
review: By far the most realistic military-simulation game I have ever seen. My only complaint is that the controls are a little too complicated and setting up a gamepad is difficult. Otherwise, this game is amazing. This game emphasizes team-work (flying solo pretty much doesn't work), but none of my friends play this game T_T ...so you should buy this so we can kill stuff :D
game-hours: 370.4
review: I have to say that this is one of the most entertaining games I'v ever played, If you're in to a war simulator or a real life simulator then this is the game for you. This game has everything from picking peaches to making war plans. The most popular mod on this game is Altis life which is a RPG mod where you have rules and cops etc. I would reccomend this game for the people who either loves trolling or loves being something they are not (real hardcore role players) 10/10
game-hours: 117.5
review: good game, you can spend hours in it just in the editor not just the singleplayer.
game-hours: 591.4
review: A brilliant game, well worth all the hundreds of hours I have poured into it, it is by no means a finished product however, there are many more improvements and features to come, but for what you get, it's well worth it!
game-hours: 8.1
review: I got this game a week before it goes on sale. fgysuajiefuighw. Don't play it on anything less then gt 750. Sure you can get 35-45 on a gt 650 on single player but multiplayer kills 20 frames no matter what. If you liked the old arma 1 or 2 you will enjoy this much improved game. Guns with their physX bullets are amazing.
game-hours: 316.4
review: One good game right here.
game-hours: 56.3
review: I Do recommend this game. Not only for what it is but for what it will be ad its posibilities. It is just out of the scale!
game-hours: 53.8
review: Boss game, campaigns are really good so far... Would recommend... The editor is the best thing.
game-hours: 345.4
review: First impression - nice graphs, what I mean IT IS EPIC NICE, on the other hand, hard to get familiar with inventory, selection stuff, but all in all it is worth price. ....So only few words about this awsome goodness. Way better than Arma2, if you think your computer can't handle this game. Trust me it can, even if Arma2 were lagging for you. :)
game-hours: 664.1
review: Got this game yesterday and i'm loving it! Theres a variety of things you can do such as campaign, Editor, Multiplayer and lots of user made missions you can download to play!
game-hours: 435.2
review: Best opensand box,shooter,reallife game for PC out there!
game-hours: 1960.9
review: Arma 3 Is a Game like no other, Bohemia Interactive is a one of a kind company aswell! They Treat their Customers with Respect they listen to their fanbase and They dont rip us off infact they let us rip them off lol! But the Arma Series Is amazing And Arma 3 the latest installment is No Acception when Compared to Arma 2 Or Arma 1 This game is just amazing anyone that is looking for a Hardcore Military Simulator Based on the future of warfare (2035ish) The core game is Perfect for you! But since Bohemia Interactive and this games Fanbase are amazing you have thousands of mods at your disposale Arma 2 Combined Operations ( Last Arma with DLC Operation Arrowhead) had mods witch enabled you to expierence the games simulation in WW2 Battles or Vietnamn or the ever now popular DAYZ (Zombie Appoycolypse Survival Simulator pretty much lol) But the mods and the game Give you 100% Freedom to do what you want where you want when you want!
game-hours: 784.2
review: u like tactical gameplay ? Must have !
game-hours: 1.3
review: the game is very good
game-hours: 112.2
review: This is why you buy a PC not a console. Tired of all the same old run and gun shooters? i know i am. This gives you a totally un mached experiance found nowhere else. The only thing that stops this game being the ultimate shooter is the poor server set up for online play. No matter what system you have, and what internet connection youve got, when you get into a town on online play you will be stuttering around 20 fps or so. Seriously makling online play unplayable. That being said, the single player is like nothing else, and can be extremely intense. This isnt a game its more of a simulator, and i mean that in a good way would be 10/10 but due to online play being as it is i have to give it 7/10. Such a let down as you know this game online would be outstanding. p.s you need a half decent rig to play this maxed out, but its worth the money, this game is beautifull
game-hours: 1821.1
review: MELHOR SIMULADOR J PRODUZIDO ... SHOW
game-hours: 130.7
review: awsome what more is there to say
game-hours: 174.9
review: this game is awesome
game-hours: 4.9
review: Good game, worth playing, spent 100+ hours on it!!
game-hours: 77.7
review: Awesome game, fun af
game-hours: 489.5
review: The most Well done Military game I've ever seen. The Graphics are awesome, The mechanics are Awesome, the reality is real and it's still on Alpha at this point!. Plenty of Mods. plenty of things you can do in the game. Buy it cause it's worth every penny.
game-hours: 25.5
review: Its Simple there is just Nothing Quite as rewarding as Arma 3 in the video game Industry. i mean sure its learning curb is hard to get around but the Benifits Much outweigh the Negatives. Great game 9.5 /10 must buy
game-hours: 217.2
review: Better than ARMA 2. Recommended. Downloaded Breaking Point...stopped playing Dayz.
game-hours: 220.4
review: Nothing to say about the game except that its awesome. Waiting for it to be on sale to get it. :)
game-hours: 45.2
review: The amount of times I have been blown up by a naked guy in a head wrap has been mastic, so i don my TIGHT rudder suit and do the same
game-hours: 240.2
review: i love this be nice it was free for one time and i can keep it i really like it so cool so fun to play u guy rock :3
game-hours: 175.6
review: Arma 3 is an amazing military sim, with lots of different gamemodes so the game never gets boring. Very fun to join up with your friends, recomend Sandbox mode, altis life, and king of the hill. I heard battleroyal is really fun but never got to play it yet, if your looking for an intense shooter i recomend purchasing this game even at the 60$ price point!!!
game-hours: 504.3
review: verry great
game-hours: 77.8
review: War never changes 11/10
game-hours: 348.6
review: Bought the game, Got around 100 hours. Then I get Banned because I picked up a "Hacked" weapon in DayZ.
game-hours: 22.5
review: Shot a man and he died 8/8
game-hours: 1.1
review: You know the drill. Or do you?
game-hours: 162.2
review: love it
game-hours: 5.2
review: meh. unless your a really devote tactical millitary fps player this probably isn't for you
game-hours: 85.2
review: The best military simulator I've played.
game-hours: 188.7
review: MLG GET THIS M8 OR GET SHANKED SONNY JIM
game-hours: 813.4
review: Best war simulator out there. Needs a lot of polishing though! Also it feels a little alien with all the futuristic weapons. Would have been nice with present weapons. Luckily there is a very active modding community that is very skilled. A most have game in my opionion.
game-hours: 0.9
review: Much Doge Wow Much Fun.
game-hours: 312.8
review: Very good its worth the price tag but make sure you have an amazing computer or you will be getting about 7 fps :P
game-hours: 269.6
review: This game is endless fun but has a steep learning curve.
game-hours: 9.7
review: necase it bucea
game-hours: 47.7
review: Totally worth the try since Alpha Phase if you are into tactical shooters.
game-hours: 197.8
review: Solid game. I'm disappointed they didn't polish it up a bit more before launch, but overall its an enjoyable experience and one that I've put a lot of time into. Just make sure your PC can run it smoothly.
game-hours: 701.9
review: amazing
game-hours: 146.6
review: This game is plain amazing. It will give you countless hours of gameplay hours to play with your friends or even by yourself. There is workshop support/many mods that add new scenarios everyday. The developers are also constantly working on this and they come out with a major update about every month that adds even more hours. There is a singleplayer campaign that will probably last around ten hours(I'm not sure about this) with a great story that helps you get to understand the game in more depth. The multiplayer has tons of servers and tons of players with a bunch of different amazing modes. 10/10 Superb game that will last you forever.
game-hours: 138.5
review: i have sunk too many hours into this XD nothing beats working with a 10 man strike team to take out snipers and AT soldiers as you watch more people than you could have thought roll in tanks, jeeps, cars and a range of choppers. that being said it is a military simulation game and what it boasts it does is exactly what it delivers! 9/10
game-hours: 194.3
review: Fantasitc game ,no need to say more.Hope for better feature.
game-hours: 75.7
review: amazing. really entertaining
game-hours: 11.8
review: GRAPHICS 10/10, GAMEPLAY, CONCEPT, ATMOSPHERE 0/10 ... Piece o' sh*t, waste of money.. ARMA2 was way better!
game-hours: 39.7
review: Makes me wanna become a lesbian 10/10
game-hours: 2.1
review: i Like this game dont get me wrong but the optimal requirments to play it are ridiciuosly high and most pcs can thandle it therefor if your pc isnt beastly dont buy this game.
game-hours: 239.2
review: Can't join any servers anymore. 10/10 wouldn't join again!
game-hours: 509.4
review: Give it about a 8.5/10 all the servers are good especially Altis Life, the campaign is good, a bit hard though. Alot of the servers has s running them, but what game will you go to that doesn't. Although, great game.
game-hours: 76.5
review: Its a great game, i mostly like the RPG mods but thats just me, what do you think?
game-hours: 95.4
review: One of the best Simulators I've ever Played! A Player has it all in this Military Sim! A First, or Third Person Shooter(Not like Call of Duty.)with a more Expansive 360 Degree of freedom! Flight Simulator with Helicopters Galore ,as well as aircraft! A Knockout Physics Engine and easy to learn Moding interface with true sandbox feel!!! Use the Editor to build yourself a custom Mission and if you wish Share it with the Steam Community via Workshop. Hear the crake of shots wiz by your head! You also get The best Multiplayer experience I have ever had. With COOP Missions or, Player vs player everyone out for themselves!! However remember that at anytime a well placed Sniper Round to just an AI soldier you didn't see can end it all at anytime!!! This is not just another Game, it's a chance to try to fill a Real Soldiers Boots!!! ArmA III, a great imersive experience!
game-hours: 250.3
review: This is awesome. there isnt much more to it, Awesome graphics, Great Military Sandbox. 9/10
game-hours: 128.5
review: Awesome game!!! I play this after a hard day at work. recommended
game-hours: 374.8
review: its soooo fun. its worth the money but there are a few bugs.
game-hours: 60.9
review: good game
game-hours: 743.7
review: The Best Game Ever. Everything is great in this game from graphics, sound just amazing
game-hours: 45.7
review: Best shooter if you want realism.
game-hours: 219.4
review: A triumph of programming, this improves on the old in every way, looks ing fantastic on a good system, Im sure I will spend many, many hours exploding, incinerating, and pink misting bad guys. SLightly more modernistic gear and weapons, and the new large map is ing insanely huge. Great job, Bohemia!!!!!
game-hours: 431.7
review: this game is jesus
game-hours: 128.6
review: What a Beautiful beast of a game "do i recommend this game?"...... well.... yes. this is the buisness
game-hours: 96.2
review: I would reccomend this game to friends because the more you have in a group the funner it is.
game-hours: 75.1
review: 10/10 you can play as a rabbit
game-hours: 392.9
review: love this game
game-hours: 162.6
review: LAte to the party with this title, but I'm just starting to explore all the content. Well worth the money.
game-hours: 1622.5
review: awesome game. make sure to get breaking point for it
game-hours: 3.8
review: It reminds me of home country h=
game-hours: 116.6
review: Love this game!!!!!!!
game-hours: 86.8
review: yep!
game-hours: 113.1
review: Honestly I think this is the best game I've bought on steam. Not only the best military shooter I've ever played but the best simulator and multiplayer community. There are too many gamemodes to get tired of the game and too many good mechanics of the game to get sick of it. I get pumped every time i open the game and hear the intro music and never regret buying it. I highly recommend this game to anyone.
game-hours: 17.0
review: graphics are great. realistic. now i just need all of my friends to buy it!!
game-hours: 2326.1
review: Great Graphics, Insane Realism. Great Game.
game-hours: 32.3
review: Bohemia have really stepped up their game. I got this while it was still in alpha. felt like ARMA 2.5 at that point. come now to the release of "Survive" I can't wait for more. Imagine that, the story of A BLOODY ARMA GAME has me engaged as . I am only talking about Survive, not multiplayer. this is so much better paced than ARMA 2 was. graphics (minus far terrain) are brilliant. Also of all things, pacing is amazing. when choppers start flying over, it has impact. when a mortar hits nearby, it actually has impact because they are not being spammed. there is an idea of scarcity, and it makes you feel like such an underdog. and that is ing brilliant. the feel of control of your guns fells so much better. the sights are also very nice. many improvements over ARMA 2. overall so far, this is a massive improvement over ARMA 2, keep this up Bohemia, I am really starting to like you guys
game-hours: 139.2
review: Amazing game, plan on playing for hours at a time.
game-hours: 17.6
review: Awesome game! Wasn't too sure about it during the beta, but upon full release, this game is really awesome. There are lots of great planned (free) features coming out soon as well, which is great, as things will never get dull. The Devs are activly updating and adding new content. If you are a fan of Arma 2, you will LOVE Arma 3
game-hours: 211.4
review: Can't recommend it enough.
game-hours: 502.6
review: I am new to this game (never played any Arma games before) and I have to say it is awesome! I haven't really got into playing multiplayer yet as I am still learning the controls etc. but the editor is insane. I have just been creating small missions for myself to learn the AI and how to drive, fly, run, swim, shoot and all that is involved. I love flying the helicopters. The cockpits are so realistic and with my headphones on the sound is good too. Some of the sound could be better but there are so many cool sound effects in this game. I'm coming from BF3 and BF4 and this is a whole different experience. Rain, lightning, day, night, the lighting effects are so cool and I am just getting started with it. I have an Nvidia Quadro K3000M and can run at 60fps with quality settings. This is my editing CPU and I seriously might build a new machine for this game. If you want to run around and shoot people, level up, unlock weapons etc. this is not for you. I could honestly see this used as a training tool for military operators. It is the real deal.
game-hours: 150.4
review: good game ever
game-hours: 215.7
review: very nice, but performance for AMD has to improve
game-hours: 281.8
review: Stratigic game, in this game you actually have to think :O unlike the  game COD
game-hours: 79.2
review: I only played this game for 2 days but enjoyed every bit of it! I dont think it is worth 60 dollars. Id rather spend 60 dollars on something else
game-hours: 346.1
review: Arma 3 is probably the best game i've played on PC. This milsim sandbox, although incredibly fun and addictive, it is also incredibly frustrating. Since its a simulator there are many things you have to learn in order to do the most simple things. But, with it's incredible detail and loads of items you'll probaly spend the first few hours looking at all the different guns or crashing a helicopter a few seconds after you get in it. This may seem like the game is too hard for anyone to play but trust me, after a while you'll get really good at it and feel proud for some reason. This game has so much to offer with all of it's combat scenarios, and with the surprisin amount content you can mess around with, it truely makes it my favorite game. 10/10
game-hours: 87.9
review: full of glitches and the multiplayer is super laggy if you run on the same settings as you play on single player. It has super clunky controlls and weird animations which makes it feel unrealistic. i do not recommend this game to others
game-hours: 85.9
review: great if you like RPGS
game-hours: 1376.1
review: Although Arma 3 has the potential to be a good game it is only recommended for singleplayer. I would not recommend this game if you plan on using it for multiplayer as it is completely broken and Bohemia seem to make things worse with each patch. Mutliplayer functionality is degrading quite rapidly. I run 2 servers and both suffer from massive desync, lag and client crashes. Bohemia are slow to acknowledge problems and release a patch which just makes it worse. Ever since 1.18 multiplayer has been slowly made worst. Were on 1.28 now and still no hope. So in essence. If you wanna play for Altis Life, Breaking Point, KOTH, Battle Royale etc. Dont bother. Hopefully Bohemia will release a working title in the future. This is still Alpha quality.......
game-hours: 2075.2
review: Great game!
game-hours: 40.7
review: The one game that will make you realize "Are you sure you wanna go join the army!" Just hear these great reviews "I can't believe i have to walk 1 km!" - FakeZone "I forgot to sleep!" - Old fat guy "Hey This game is so great it's my name jumbled up!" - Amar
game-hours: 27.3
review: transport russian man with gun to city or you DIE
game-hours: 188.8
review: It's a really good military sim. It kinda better then Arma 2 but still have a little bit of bugs.. But, beisde that... THIS GAME SUCK! JUST KIDDING! Arma 3 is where it is at! BEST MILITARY SIM OUT THERE! KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK, Bohemia Interactive! I LOVE YOU FOR MAKING ARMA! When, I first saw Arma in a gaming magzaine.. I always wonder would I ever play this game. Got a PC played Arma 2 free version boom fell in love with it! Three days later brought Arma 2 and Arma OA loved both of it. The Mods, the game, the capaign, and etc! ONE I HEARD ARMA 3 CAME OUT! IT FELT LIKE I WAS HAVING AN ! I WAS EXCITED! THANK YOU AGAIN, Bohemia Interactive. FOR MAKING AN AWSOME GAME LIKE ARMA! I really hope great things will come out from this game in the furture. :)
game-hours: 180.2
review: For someone not big on shooters, this game amazed me. It's definitively a game, because it's tons of fun, but many would rather call it a simulator - in this game I have stayed hidden in the bushes watching an enemy squad pass by, not to ambush them but simply to survive, and adrenaline was sky high the whole non-combat encounter. Can't even describe the battles, except awesome. Pros: So realistic in many aspects Many roles to play, from civillian, to infanterist, to pilot, to general, and every step between. Huge - insanely huge - maps (up to 200km squared!) Many ways to play, play SP military missions, online MP missions, MP PvP, SP/MP Sandbox PvP/PvE and even RP! Your own powerful (complex) mission editor - user-created content galore! Mods! Mods! Mods! Mods! Mods! So much more... check out vid's by Dslyecxi or Jester14 on Youtube for good insight Cons: Steep learning curve first time, complex (though well-working) controls Demanding for your hardware on graphical high settings and rendering distances (>4km) Seems to have some time-space-twisting effect where hours dissappear into adrenaline-ridden joy One of my all-time favorites. And I don't like many shooters.
game-hours: 925.7
review: You cannot beat this Military simulator. Been a fan since 2001 & have nevr been disapointed by a release.
game-hours: 5.0
review: With clunky mechanics, a joke of a tutorial and God-like AI, this game is a waste. Unless you just want it for the severly limited amount of accesible servers playing one of many different styles of missions (altis life, altis life, altis life, or altis life) I would advise steering clear of this game.
game-hours: 479.3
review: Seriously, just buy it. Best game.
game-hours: 10.5
review: best arma ever so many game types and weapons best open world fps/3rd
game-hours: 79.2
review: the game i have been looking for since i played operation flashpoint but couldnt afford a pc but im here ;) THIS GAME IS NOT CALL OF DUTY OR BATTLEFIELD this is true military shooter
game-hours: 55.0
review: Complicated controlls but not that hard to learn. Players friendly and helpfull to newcomers. Extremely realistic and fun. It's like a tactical, open world version of CoD/BF. Even more fun for players with existing knowledge of military tactics and jargon. Would recommend Arma 3 for fans of shooters like CoD, CS, BF etc.
game-hours: 209.0
review: One of the best game franchise i've ever played! LOVE TO THIS GAME!!
game-hours: 179.7
review: i really like this game it's the funniest game ever, i tried it on a free weekend. I want it so much but i have no money for it :( and i strongly reccomend this game :)
game-hours: 165.2
review: A really impressive game! Love the open world shooters and this one is the best
game-hours: 4.6
review: dude...it's like really good dude
game-hours: 750.7
review: 10/10 Best walking simulator on the market, would walk again
game-hours: 788.4
review: Excellent!
game-hours: 125.5
review: Great game, lots of options.
game-hours: 222.0
review: Just... get it... Just get it.... You NEED this.... 10/10 no doubt
game-hours: 71.0
review: Just good
game-hours: 29.1
review: amazing
game-hours: 663.7
review: Great game, needs a good computer to run it but its well worth it.
game-hours: 96.8
review: great realistic shooter
game-hours: 244.5
review: This game is just great. I think it is one of the best MILSIMs out right now and no other game can compete with it.
game-hours: 461.8
review: It is good.
game-hours: 56.8
review: Awesome game. If you have the computer for it.
game-hours: 976.8
review: Great game, love the realizim & multiplayer!
game-hours: 81.9
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 53.4
review: all I can say is this game is AWSOME! The AI for squad command might be off but Multiplayer CO-OP like Invade and Annex is just like being in a real life war. Only down side to this game I can find is the AI for squad command. They dont really follow your orders well at all.
game-hours: 265.2
review: really good game if ur into military simulators
game-hours: 5.0
review: Flight Suposedly has hotas and rudder pedle support but you need to asign everything yourself and then the controll is eather jumpy or intermitently unresponsive. rudderpedles are usles 1/2 the time game thies to map stuff to trackir. Ground many intreactive items spontaniously become non interactive. entering a veicle before being told to will caus mission failure. If your wallet is 60 dollars to heavy this is the game for you.
game-hours: 266.9
review: Does anyone know how or if you can change your player ID? If I reinstall the game will this change or not?
game-hours: 74.4
review: This game is all about tactics and fallowing orders great game if you can combine thoose 2 if not go play cod or bf where things are much more simple this game is a simulator.
game-hours: 210.3
review: People need to get this game
game-hours: 84.7
review: This game is  over uses the cpu and ing crashes all the time dont ing buy this so much money for a not fun hogging cpu piece of !!
game-hours: 1.1
review: Why would anyone play this broken boring game just saw Inside Gaming play this so funny how bad it is do not pick this game up i got it at the free weekend thing and now i will not buy this very boring better off playing chaser.
game-hours: 208.5
review: This game is so much fun! The multiplayer has such an active modding community that there is always something new to try! I have spent countless hours playing the Arma series in general, Well done Bohemia! 10/10
game-hours: 3.8
review: idk what im doing 13/10
game-hours: 25.8
review: This is simply the closest you will ever come to actually going into combat, Love it!
game-hours: 43.8
review: Walking Simulator 11/10
game-hours: 108.8
review: swag
game-hours: 249.8
review: A game where cars fly. 11/10
game-hours: 1034.6
review: The amout of Hours I've played explains how it's just so wonderful.
game-hours: 9.7
review: Do not waste your money.. Just as bad as arma 2...
game-hours: 180.9
review: This game is great fun to play with friends but warning to some with low-spec pc's this is a really damanding game but is worth it!
game-hours: 60.9
review: Its a pretty good game, its just like arma 2 but with better grapihcs and stuff
game-hours: 59.5
review: Awesom game
game-hours: 56.4
review: If you wanted to get into Arma 2 but couldn't because of the janky controls, this is for you. Wide selection of gametypes and servers, solid gameplay, tonnes of varied community missons. 10/10 woodbang.
game-hours: 137.8
review: The worlds finest modern warfare simulator. PROS: The infantry experience is sublime, with enormous map, beautiful and diverse environments, great freedom of movement and very comprehensive controls. Inclusion of combat divers and paratroopers. Aircraft, helicopters, wheeled and tracked vehicles and boats work great as instruments for inserting infantry and supporting them. Real-world tactics works. Great community, including a very comprehensive guide by dslyecxi. TrackIR is supported. A TrackIR is highly recommended, and adds enormously to both immersion and situational awareness. Singleplayer campaign is competent, but I belive the most fun is to be had with user-created content or in online games with the milsim-crowd. CONS: I would prefer contemporary military hardware instead of near-future. Controls are optimised for outdoors action, and feels a bit clumsy inside buildings. Controls on aircraft and helicopters are extremely simplified compared to dedicated flightsimulators. This is probably a design choice for reasons of accessibility, but the new DLC promises helicopters with more advanced controls. Hope this starts a trend of more proper simulation of helicopters and aircraft. Highly recommended!
game-hours: 67.9
review: In my opinion, much better than any of the previous Arma games. First and foremost where do i start? The animations, the graphics and the physics are all improved perfectly and it just feels like you are at war! The optimization gives you much more freedom to tweak graphical settings. The Co-op just has to be the best feature, knowing that everyone depends on you and you depend on everyone as a team.
game-hours: 879.7
review: Singleplayer not as fun, very hard. Endless multiplayer hours of fun. Highly recommended, totally worth $60, snatch it up once it goes on sale for $30
game-hours: 236.2
review: Great Game Great Fun
game-hours: 639.5
review: This is the best game ever made for PC. It servers as a base for the 52 mods I use
game-hours: 62.1
review: Great game nice and tacticle but takes up hours of time if you want to have a quick game not to great but super much fun and socks up the hours like nothing before.
game-hours: 11.8
review: After playing in a few ops with my team. I can, honestly, say that ArmA 3 was worth the $59.99. It is so realitic that it adds so much immersion that it makes you feel like you are there fighting the good fight. 10/10 Will buy ArmA 4 if they make one.
game-hours: 9.1
review: this is a very good game that is worth what i paid for it.
game-hours: 616.8
review: Since Modern Warfare 2 this is the best game I have played. Although I liked the Call of Duty francise, it has lost its way and has become a game of mindless running around chasing XP points. ArmA is huge, fun and needs more care to complete your objectives. Although it lacks instant multiplayer gaming, there are only a few games to play, you can create your own or download one from steam, all free of charge. It took a lot of getting used to but I love it.
game-hours: 381.5
review: Great game takes lots of time of learn, but it is realy rewarding and is lots of fun!
game-hours: 277.0
review: Nice game horrible fps
game-hours: 30.6
review: A lllllllot better than Arma and Arma 2 the game play and performance has improved, but still kind of a rage game especially when AI on normal can headshot you from 500 meters away with an assult rifle with red dot sights(ultra realism huh?) also you still die in like 3 shots
game-hours: 58.4
review: BEST GAME EVVVVVVVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
game-hours: 219.2
review: It's like Skyirm with graphics.
game-hours: 98.3
review: Tired of boring unrealistic Call Of Duty and Glitchy Battlefield? Arma 3, the 3rd installment of the famous Armed Assault Series, will serve you beatifully with content updates regularly and a huge community to interact with, Arma 3 is a great game to back and is well worth the money!
game-hours: 8.5
review: High learning curve but a very rewarding experience.
game-hours: 379.3
review: Although there were some troubles in the beginning this game has improved I love just playing this game vanilla (even though I have a  load of mods for it) plus the adding of workshop made this much better for the Arma series
game-hours: 61.3
review: Totally great FPS concept. It just does not seem to flow perfectly yet when interacting... Also, online there is a lack of South African servers. So playing online isn't an option for me yet. The ballistics is super realistic, so I am loving that. Few things like throwing grenades that dont quite look right.
game-hours: 44.4
review: Highly technical, teamwork orientated battle simulation that is showing alot of promise in the early Alpha release (currently available). Sign up, meet up, own up.
game-hours: 84.9
review: You either love it and don't let if go or you hate it. There are two types of people... those who love ArmA and those who don't. If you love military stuff, simulations and have a large , you will love this simulation. Youhave to look past the frequent bugs and unfinished features and venture into the vast open world, endless possibilities and sandbox gameplay in order to enjoy this fully. And then you open the multiplayer and the modding community comes in and you will loose your life to this game.
game-hours: 84.6
review: Don't ask don't tell from the future
game-hours: 17.2
review: this game is very good, but it is hard if you dont have a laptop that can make high graphics. this game look very real. so if you want a game that is like to be in war in the realy world then this game is something for you. i have not have the chance of having the highest but i love how they make this game so real. it is so many things that can happen in this game. it is not like the other shooting games, on this game you have to have a plan all the time. it is many viechles on this game like battleship, jeep, helicopter, tanks, boat and much more. if you have a fast laptop this game is woth it.
game-hours: 101.8
review: beste
game-hours: 342.9
review: It awesome game with great features and realism, definitely recommend it to anyone
game-hours: 17.4
review: The best military simulation! EVER!
game-hours: 23.6
review: If your an Arma fan this game wont dissapoint. Its not FPS in the sense that you dont have a health bar ect, one shot can kill you if placed right. This makes for using tactics all the more important. You dont just charge into a fight guns blazing, instead you tend to plan your approach and put alot more effort into each scenario. This is a true combat simulator and the best ive played of the ARMA series so far.
game-hours: 62.0
review: I like this I am far from good at it if anyone plays it hit me up im down for some training
game-hours: 55.9
review: it's got nowhere near as much content as arma 2 but with an engine that's leagues beyond arma 2's operate hard a
game-hours: 165.1
review: grest game cant stop playing it
game-hours: 47.7
review: Totally worth the try since Alpha Phase if you are into tactical shooters.
game-hours: 197.8
review: Solid game. I'm disappointed they didn't polish it up a bit more before launch, but overall its an enjoyable experience and one that I've put a lot of time into. Just make sure your PC can run it smoothly.
game-hours: 24.5
review: this is for people with heavy expirance in this feild but if you have played for some time you will find this as a good refresh
game-hours: 155.8
review: The best simulation to day, love this game!
game-hours: 142.7
review: The best military simulator.
game-hours: 203.3
review: Love the game so mush more than Call of Duty and has better graphics but the map is a tad too big,
game-hours: 99.6
review: The best military sim game. The solo campaign is a bit different this time, with episodes. The first one is very good and shows us many new features. The editor, which can be complex or very intuitive, depending on what you want to do, promisses endless possibilites for the future. The AI was reworked, the gameplay is more or less the same as ARMA2, the graphic engine is wonderful if you have the machine to take it!
game-hours: 198.0
review: This game is my baby. It's beautiful, it's action-packed, and it's one of the best games of 2013. Must-Buy!
game-hours: 69.0
review: This is Real Live Military BattleField. This is not Arcade FPS Game. (Ex - Call of Duty , BattleField) This is Full Real Simulation Training Game. But... No Jump Support... :D
game-hours: 7.1
review: Ah! Arma 3 ^^ increible simulador militar, grandes mapas, muchas armas, vehiculos, bases, equipo, misiones, mods y modos multijugador. Es imposible aburrirse en este juego :D
game-hours: 299.3
review: Personally I love this game. Yes, it has a hig learning curve, controls are clunky and occasional bugs tend to happen. But with it's great community with piles of mods and user created missions it may be the best military sandbox ever. I highly recommend that game
game-hours: 84.9
review: PC
game-hours: 76.5
review: Its a great game, i mostly like the RPG mods but thats just me, what do you think?
game-hours: 95.4
review: One of the best Simulators I've ever Played! A Player has it all in this Military Sim! A First, or Third Person Shooter(Not like Call of Duty.)with a more Expansive 360 Degree of freedom! Flight Simulator with Helicopters Galore ,as well as aircraft! A Knockout Physics Engine and easy to learn Moding interface with true sandbox feel!!! Use the Editor to build yourself a custom Mission and if you wish Share it with the Steam Community via Workshop. Hear the crake of shots wiz by your head! You also get The best Multiplayer experience I have ever had. With COOP Missions or, Player vs player everyone out for themselves!! However remember that at anytime a well placed Sniper Round to just an AI soldier you didn't see can end it all at anytime!!! This is not just another Game, it's a chance to try to fill a Real Soldiers Boots!!! ArmA III, a great imersive experience!
game-hours: 250.3
review: This is awesome. there isnt much more to it, Awesome graphics, Great Military Sandbox. 9/10
game-hours: 128.5
review: Awesome game!!! I play this after a hard day at work. recommended
game-hours: 374.8
review: its soooo fun. its worth the money but there are a few bugs.
game-hours: 60.9
review: good game
game-hours: 60.1
review: yeah i reccomend it as i crash all the time but im hoping to fix that soon and the times ive been able to play it was a fun time killing ai
game-hours: 36.4
review: Very fun and cool!
game-hours: 180.6
review: Good game, everyone should buy.
game-hours: 30.5
review: An ok game. It has been out for awhile now and they're more concentrated on making DLC/free scenarios rather than optimise the game!
game-hours: 279.5
review: Very good game bt there is so much glitches that need to be fixed but great game. recommend this game to people who are patient it is alot of traveling. i have enjoyed it since having it.
game-hours: 150.2
review: its good
game-hours: 781.7
review: Excellent game if you have a half decent pc. People whinge about not much content but I found there is plenty for everything that I need and I believe most people need. If more content is needed, there are plenty to choose from. Some of the mods such as Breaking Point (a zombie game on Altis) are far superior to the Dayz SA and most Dayz for Arma mods without the building as yet. I am sure that SA will get better but with patches few and far between it will take some time. Arma 3 multiplayer is also very enjoyable with some mates and a few beers. Certainly worth it if your into a bit of realism compared to other AA or AAA titles. Be patient with the game, the end result is awesome all around.
game-hours: 270.8
review: If you havn't already played any ArmA Titles you're missing out so why not start now?
game-hours: 204.4
review: Best shooter game I have ever played! Hands down the best graphics too. When playing, you actually feel like you are there. You also have the millitary tactics that your squad does. Most of the people that play this were in the millitary! I give this game a 9.5/10.
game-hours: 50.6
review: This is probaly one of the best games out there, you can really do whatever. Mods, roleplay, missions, roaming, campaign anything really. It seriously worth buying!
game-hours: 45.0
review: I need SLEEP
game-hours: 22.0
review: This game is a MILITARY SIMULATION game, it will put into perspective a better way the militay (especially the front line infantry and spec. ops. soldiers) work and gives you a more realistic world to play on. Everything about this game is about being tacticle and smart not just rush and shoot like Call of Duty game or even Battlefield game do. The campains are long and more difficult especially considering you don't get "superman health". If you get shot 2-3 times or sometimes even once, then you are dead. Explosives are more realistic in thier lethality and distance of effectiveness. You can customize your weapons and character on the go also, by simply picking stuff up off of the people that have been killed (if you're into that sort of thing [I just replenish ammo if I can get it]). The Multiplayer is also completely different from other FPS multiplayers, it is an experience that you just have to try, and the graphics are amazing! Rating: 10 out of 10
game-hours: 691.8
review: Good game, get it if you liked Operation Flashpoint
game-hours: 251.5
review: Great game. As of release it started out slow, but that certainly isn't new with the Arma franchise. Arma 2 started out the same way. Fact is this game is BIG- it's going to be played for years to come and well into the future. It has both a passionate community as well as development team. To use them as an analogy, Arma is like a fresh baked batch of your grandmother's signature chocolate chip cookies as compared to the traditional store-bought chips-ahoy of contemporary BF/COD titles. Granted, one is a tactical shooter and the others are less realistic arcade shooters, but I'm sure you know what I mean. This game is definately worth buying! Keep it up bohemia.
game-hours: 10.8
review: Terrific graphics for the people who have the system requirements, ((underneath the game-page)) - incredible military multiplayer experience that offers the player a variety of options to explore their time in Arma 3.
game-hours: 197.9
review: Arma 3 is the most replayable game ever. It's so easy to create your own content, and if you join a clan or just play with some friends you will always have something to do. Yes, Arma has its bugs; and yes they can be annoying. But the pros just out weigh all of the cons: buy the game.
game-hours: 118.1
review: Very fun and well thought out. Single player is exciting and definitely not to easy. Multiplayer I get horrible framerates and lag, but that is probably my system/connection. I will definitely keep playing it and recommending it to friends especially as mods are released.
game-hours: 476.4
review: Good game !
game-hours: 135.3
review: The latest best military simulator I've played.
game-hours: 30.2
review: what the  why did they change up the controls from arma 2 i keep trying to double tap w to run or press shift to walk  you ers ing  i don't remember how to fly helicopters anymore help
game-hours: 33.2
review: This game is much better than the trailer and pictures describe it to be. Get it, its not just your average shooter, you can do so much more.
game-hours: 644.2
review: Truly redefine the virtual warfare!
game-hours: 445.8
review: If you have ever wanted realizem this is it! keep in mind though, most people who think they want realizem don't under stand what that means.
game-hours: 409.2
review: Awesome mil-sim with some great mods, definitely a must have for authentic / realistic FPS fans.
game-hours: 427.6
review: If you loved its predecessors, this game is a must have. BIS have stayed true to the original ARMA, and delivered an incredibly pretty simulator with endless replayability and possibilities.
game-hours: 41.9
review: It may not be a shooter for the masses, but Arma 3 succeeds where Battlefield fails - in being a true open-world combat simulator. You will die (a LOT), but as you start to learn how to actually play a tactical FPS, you'll die less, and every kill gained will be a significant accomplishment. And the size of the maps...oh my gosh! They're huge!! There's nothing quite like jumping in a helicopter and performing a night op with a friend over the many, MANY kilometres of island terrain. Oh, I hope you have a powerful computer, because you'll need it to run Arma 3 in all its glory.
game-hours: 17.2
review: Arma 2 war einer der besten realismus Shooter die ich jemals gesehen und gespielt habe. Und obwohl Arma 3 noch mitten im Developement steckt finde ich jetzt bereits absolut spitze. Diejenigen die Kampfeinstze tatschlich unter mglichst realistischen Bedienungen erleben wollen sollten sich dringend Arma 2 / 3 anschaffen.
game-hours: 50.6
review: This is probaly one of the best games out there, you can really do whatever. Mods, roleplay, missions, roaming, campaign anything really. It seriously worth buying!
game-hours: 376.3
review: If you only spend a few minutes with this game, you'll think it's the cheapest, buggiest piece of crap you've ever seen. Spend a few hours with it...you'll be amazed so much content could be packed into a video game. No other game even comes close to the scope and magnitude of A3. With the excellent graphics and optimization (compared to A2)...and the neverending content/addons, I can overlook many of the bugs I've encountered (which are constantly being squashed btw). Fantastic game...but not for those who don't want to invest a little time into learning just HOW fantastic.
game-hours: 120.2
review: doing this for steam \o/
game-hours: 11.9
review: Really nice game!
game-hours: 180.7
review: its great and everything but theres a lot of bugs
game-hours: 18.6
review: It make me want to be a solider. It is a really Good Game if you can do an editor you can play it all day. so realistic .
game-hours: 501.1
review: i cant play this game for some resone it just wont work i have the deluxe edition but it shuts off right in the middle then nothing pops up but it tells me its playing?????????/
game-hours: 506.4
review: i ing love it
game-hours: 171.8
review: Bohemia Interactive once more successfully improved its flagship military simulatior / tactical FPS. Software is still in beta but shows smooth performance and steady content creation by the community and also by developers themselves. This is an improoved and worthy successor to ARMA series, recommended to ARMA veterans as well as novice ARMA soldiers. Enjoy!
game-hours: 27.4
review: Arma 3 fixes almost everything that arma 2 had (gun handling, animations, physics, graphics, nighttime,flying,nvgs, etc) the best part of this game is the editor and mods because that is where the magic happens
game-hours: 107.1
review: While occasionally the game cna be frustrating and complicated, most of the time you can have all kinds of fun. WARNING: This is a SIM not a game. Expect realisim.
game-hours: 134.9
review: A sprawling, complex, beautiful, terrifying simulacrum of war.
game-hours: 47.8
review: Reality of combat system is just outstanding. In one multiplayer fight I have been crowling with my teammates for 30 minutes to get to the enemy base during the night. We finally did it and with our great communication skills we managed to eliminate enemy team.
game-hours: 84.9
review: MilSim a lo maximo!
game-hours: 266.4
review: When opponents shoot at you, you'll hear the supersonic crack of the bullets before you hear the distant percussion of the guns. You'll see tracers richocet off of terrain. The buzz of cicadas will doppler shift as you drive past in your APC. Vehicles will kick up plumes of dust that will attract your attention from kilometers away. Arma 3 is an awesome military simulation sandbox. There aren't many inherently game-like qualities straight out of the box, but the modding and scenario-building communities fill in that gap quite easily. That said, I had nearly a hundred enjoyable hours learning the controls while playing through the showcase scenarios. It has a steep learning curve, but linking up with one of the myriad Arma communities can make that process an enjoyable one. Or you can watch the videos from prolific YouTubers like Dslyecxi and Jester814 to get some passive immersion. I used to like the Battlefield series, but as they cranked up the graphical fidelity, they also cranked up the arcadey-ness, which drove me away. I used to love the Ghost Recon series, but the same thing seemed to happen. Arma 3 provides the gritty realism of the original Ghost Recon, with a more nimble and comprehensive AI, more realistic physics, and a graphic engine that pushes highly-detailed long-range vistas into your retinas. And the editing suite that comes with the game will allow you to cook up scenarios as polished as the ones made by the pros. I could drone on, but let's just say that I recommend this game for anyone who's tired of Call of Duty crap.
game-hours: 14.5
review: Best of the best, If you think your a bad  playing COD or Battlefield, I lol at u. But if you COD/battlefield just for casual fun to compliment you pot habit, go ahead, Arma aint for you.
game-hours: 359.8
review: An unbelievable step forward in nearly every respect within an already great series. Graphically sublime with most improvements focusing on animation and gameplay fluidity. Steam workshop has made the world of modding and mission making bigger and more accessible than ever before. A triumph.
game-hours: 729.6
review: EA and DICE, you should be ashamed of yourselves, letting another game take Battlefields spot. This is the next big thing in FPS teamwork and sandbox gaming. Too bad guys, you spent too much time pandering to hardware that is more concerned with TV and BlueRay than games, making your games smaller so they run on outdated hardware with poor control systems and pooping on the people who bought you your Ferraris. Bohemia Interactive has taken the reins and taken the lead. You should have seen this coming with Arma2, especialy after DayZ. Bohemia Interactive already has my money and where is BF4... Not in my games library. Arma3 is the AAA title you should buy. Don't waste your money on Battlefield X or Call of Duty X, this is what you want right here. Once you buy this you will dig in and not look up at all the crap that is being pooped out, packaged and sold at a premium price. Arma3 is priced at $59.99 or $64.99 for the Digital Deluxe Edition (or if you want my recomendation, go straight to the Bohemia Interactive website and support them directly by buying the Supporter Edition) you can't go wrong. Drop some cash on this and you wont need or want to spend your money on anything FPS until the next Arma3 content release. See you on the islands. Edited for price changes as it was written during Beta.
game-hours: 152.4
review: Alpha and already more awesome than several tripple A games
game-hours: 2236.8
review: This is not a typical first person shooter, nor does it qualify as a FPS. Arma3 is an RTS/simulation combining multiple combined arms into a single game. While the primary focus is infantry based combat, there is much more freedom in this game then the previous games combined. If you are not familiar to the franchise, this game will seem alien to you. Its physics and controls are based on realism but thats what makes it different from today's competitve shooters. The campaign is a huge upgrade, but in my opinion, the multiplayer is unmatched. While its mainly cooperative based missions, usermade missions have unlimited variteties. Many clans run large scale missions with modded games that provide an extra layer of realism and fun to the game. Editing missions in Arma3, is much easier than it was in previous ArmA games. They've added much more modules that can be customized, and it has all of its assets laid out for mission makers such as: premade functions, GUI editor, and the config viewer. Arma also has the best modding community out their, and you can alway find help and tutorials. Graphically, Arma3 looks beautiful and runs amazingly well, providing the smoothest gameplay in the series while still keeping its visuals to a high end. Overall this game is meant for people who want more than a competetative shooter, but its not a casual game either. The learning curve is harsh but the rewards for learning the game make it worth it. **While most fans of COD and/or BF might want to try this game out, its important to note that game can play very slowly and rewards players with patience. This isnt a twitch shooter, and most engagements happen at long ranges. Also, most clans require you to play maturely so finding one thats right for you might be hard.
game-hours: 259.2
review: Doesn't run worth a crap on my PC. Still don't care. Best game of 2013.
game-hours: 47.5
review: Exactly the same as ARMA II but it looks a lot prettier. An improvement is that optimization is better... not on a server... which is where most of the game is played.
game-hours: 350.6
review: Good milsim.
game-hours: 989.3
review: not a EA game
game-hours: 14.6
review: Graphics are outstanding... as realistic as it gets. Best military simulator of all time!!!
game-hours: 47.4
review: Seriously get this, cause you get access to the Beta and Full Release as well and the price will go up when the Beta and Full come out so save money!
game-hours: 97.2
review: Everything you wanted a combat based shooter-sim to be. Fly a helicopter and do strafing runs? Sure. Lead your squad to do breaching parties? Why the hell not? Scuba dive with friends and clear our enemy positions? Very fun. This is probably the best shooter i have played. And i am looking forward to the full development of it. Arma 3, you have my respect Also, iit's visually stunning, and it's either 3rd person and 1st. 10/10
game-hours: 1244.5
review: Worth every penny. I love this game.
game-hours: 128.9
review: gotta try it its epic!!
game-hours: 192.6
review: Arma 3 is a amazing game perfect for people that love first person shoots and 3rd its best sim going
game-hours: 58.6
review: One of the Best simulation games i've ever played! :D
game-hours: 109.9
review: great game but it's laggy nature means that sometimes you'd be better of dying. 5 or 6 frame per secod and absolutly no sign that the develpers are doing anything about it at all. Beta was ace. ran well and dint suffer any issues. The final release with Altis and Stratis is franky disappointing. the larger island is so big you can roamaround for ages withjout seeing anyone and eventually it lags so badly that you give up and go play something else. Until it's sorted ill play something else - the developers still got my money though.
game-hours: 6.5
review: Great game but the fact that they didn't have the campaign ready when it shipped was kind of lame. I got it for 15 bucks when it was in Alpha, awsome markiting.
game-hours: 655.7
review: I love it so ing much
game-hours: 41.4
review: you battleye
game-hours: 260.4
review: This game may only be in alpha phase right now, but so far, the game looks fantastic! Bohemia have really captured that fun and intuative gameplay we first saw in Operation Flashpoint. Everything about this game so far is so much better than Arma 2, and the new features and graphics are fantastic. I'd even compare this to a full release even at this stage in the game's development!
game-hours: 1077.4
review: I think its a very good game but in terms of its reality, it's WAY TO HIGHTECH. In terms of gamepley , just like Arma II you can control and even establish the control from that game into Arma III. However in terms of COMBAT STRATEGIES AND TACTICS from the real world, the methods can be applied and if used correctly really successfull. Just like MurrayL, I myself am a veteran BUT I would choose Arma any time over bloody COD, BF & any other FPS games LOL!
game-hours: 218.6
review: lots of fun with friends
game-hours: 1216.9
review: Kp fr fan
game-hours: 68.4
review: A bloody beautiful game!
game-hours: 53.6
review: This game is fun, looks great, and is just straigh up awesome. Pros: Graphics New vehicles New Weapons Sounds gameplay Large Maps ability to customize your weapon's attachments Ways to store more gear other than a backpack. Ability to move fast while prone/ do other things while prone (Inventory, heal yourself etc.) Cons: It may seems like it is laking content, but there are a lot of things to do Not as big of a population in players that there was in Arma 2 The NPC's dont seem to notice you as often so you can really just shoot them a lot w/out being shot at unless you're really close. This game still has more to come and I would recommend it.
game-hours: 26.1
review: Needs more crashing.
game-hours: 6.2
review: Beautiful, complex, difficult and advanced. Many things can be said about Arma 3 but one thing is for sure. When you get a group of friends together for some missions, it's very fun and entertaining. On the downside is the learning curve, which is long and the game lacks a tutorial wallktrough. Atleast I haven't found one. I've never played Arma or Arma 2 either, which problably makes my period of learning even longer.
game-hours: 21.7
review: Great game, they've improved the singleplayer and the engine alot since arma 2. And the multiplayer is ofc 1st class with friends!
game-hours: 759.3
review: a you must make this your new acquisition.
game-hours: 649.2
review: Great game, but still has the glitches of Arma 2
game-hours: 105.9
review: The stories you walk away with after a session with a bunch of good friends are nothing any other game can achieve.
game-hours: 58.2
review: The absolute champion of the year :D !
game-hours: 678.4
review: mkm
game-hours: 1.4
review: I wish I could get more into this, but I just.. can't. It's a great game with a solid engine and STELLAR graphics. But the depth is just overwhelming and there's literally a billion mods.
game-hours: 342.1
review: good game, but needs alot more addons. Arma 2 did it better
game-hours: 133.6
review: Great game, different server have different mission and you can play ho ever you want be it the lone wolf to hit squad
game-hours: 21.9
review: Can't reccomend this game enough. Has great multiplayer. I love sandbox. It's like a non-buggy DayZ without buggy zombies. I haven't even really tried singleplayer that much yet. You have to have a good rig to play multiplayer though. I get about 40 frames less in multiplayer than in singleplayer. You have been warned.
game-hours: 628.6
review: DO it go get it
game-hours: 89.2
review: Great game! Nice graphics and much better fps than Arma2.
game-hours: 72.1
review: :    ,  .. ..  !
game-hours: 736.1
review: very good game and sequel to arma 2. multiplayer is quite fun but also quite difficult for some newbies out there to online shooters. but to the more experienced hand this game is a must have. 10/10
game-hours: 109.9
review: Fantastic upgrade from Arma 2, new lighting, animations and environment to name a few of the updated features make the game a dream. Very fluid and vibrant, takes you into a futuristic war set however with the amount of modifcations available time-frame and setting varies. Amazing level of access to scripting allows anyone to modify missions and the game in general to a tailored state.
game-hours: 98.9
review: Rating: 9/10 Brief Summary: ArmA 3 is an open-world military simulator. It is a first/third person shooter with drivable vehicles, but is considerably more realistic than games like CoD or Battlefield. For example, the firearms handling is probably the most realistic thing you'll see in any modern game. Projectiles behave like they do in real life; they travel in ballistic arcs, lose velocity as they travel through the air, and drift due to wind. Due to the sheer scale of the maps (270 km2 for the Altis map), and the realistic weapon handling, combat feels very different from your average shooter. Infantry usually engage from hundreds of meters away; tanks and helicopters may engage targets that are several kilometers away. Cover, concealment, and smart tactical positioning are the way to survive and win in ArmA 3, and there's much less of the close-range machinegun blasting that makes up a lot of the gameplay in other FPSs. The inventory system is a major improvement over previous Arma games. You now have weight based system, and you can pick up a backpack and load that up with gear as well. Weapon modding can now be done on the battlefield, allowing you to switch scopes, add/remove flashlights and lasers, and attach/detach silencers in the middle of battle. Content: You can either play a single-player campaign, individual single player missions, or play multiplayer. The game also features a fully-functioning editor that allows the creation of missions, and also can be used to free roam the maps. The game in its current state contains two maps, the 270km2 Altis map and the 20km2 Stratis map. These maps are fully accessible, highly detailed, and have a hand-crafted high quality feel. They are both land and water maps; anyone with SCUBA gear or a submarine can dive to the bottom of the ocean, which is detailed as well. The game currently comes with three major factions, plus rebel and civilian factions. Each of the two major factions have a decent working set of infantrymen, firearms, tanks, artillery and assorted armored vehicles, though aerial vehicles are currently limited to helicopters. There is a third faction which is currently being filled out by free DLC from the developers. PROs: Huge game maps, open world gameplay, and a unique videogame combat experience. The developers have historically been friendly to modders, and ArmA 3 is now integrated with Steam Workshop so that you can download user-created missions straight from the Workshop. CONs: Buggy, engine is somewhat antiquated and not well optimized. Single player campaign is currently unfinished (1/3 is currently released), but is being updated with free DLC packs.
game-hours: 327.5
review: This game is very very fun if you look past the bugs and glitches. This is one of my favorite games beside arma 2.
game-hours: 226.2
review: Having been a Counter-Strike player for many years and loving it, I stumbled across an Arma 2 video on Youtube and was engrossed, I watched a few of them and the total difference between CS and Arma was obvious to me, Arma brought realism which is what I was missing from Counter Strike, So I checked the Steam Store for prices and noticed that Arma 3 was due for release, so I hung fire and awaited the first Arma 3 videos and knew that it was the game that I wanted. Well! Arma 3 is now owned and it's as rock solid as any shooter i've owned with one exception, Arma 3 actually makes me feel as though I'm in the actual game, I feel like a real soldier with a real mission, long gone are the days where I just run around a small map blasting anyone who gets in my way or dying and respawning, Arma 3 is tactical, you have to think about every move you make because if you run around like an idiot, then you die like an idiot, Arma 3 is starting to define me as a player and my goal...... is to stay alive and fight another day. Arma 3 gets a rock solid 10/10 from me.
game-hours: 142.4
review: Very fun game. Multiplayer is awesome and the number of workshop add ons is substantial.
game-hours: 197.9
review: Sergal approved
game-hours: 162.1
review: This game is very good if you enjoy hardcore action. No other shooter will get your heart racing like this game! You feel like you are in the battle, because it is so real! This game is not friendly to newbs or people who arn't used to PC games. It is also not friendly to people who don't have patience. The action in this game is fantastic, yet hard to play. It is still in Alpha, but it has alot of potential. It is a simulator, so don't go jumping in thinking its your adverage shooter. This is my favorite shooter of all time right next to Bioshock Infinite. If you are looking for hardcore, real world wars alongside your friends, than this is perfect for you! <3
game-hours: 54.3
review: How do I play DayZ?
game-hours: 8.3
review: its a great army game love rideing the tanks and driving helis i say its army simulator in a way.
game-hours: 525.2
review: Real War Simulation. Its Massive Madness!!!
game-hours: 269.1
review: A must for all loves of ARMA 2
game-hours: 399.1
review: I haven't clocked much hours into this game just yet, and I didn't participate in the beta, but it sure is a major improvement from the past already-excellent Arma II, OA, CO and supporting DLCs. First time I tried the Infantry showcase, I was simply overjoyed and overwhelmed with the overhaul that the developers put into this game. The series has effectively become one of the most popular FPS sims with probably the widest ability of customization and replayability, unlike most linear-storyline games that is dominating the mainstream market today. In fact, if you're on your way of getting Call of Duty Ghosts right now, think twice and get Arma 3 instead. It may not be as fun and as easy as CoD due to its realism, but it's more worth the buck. You get great lifelike physics and gaming, plus the ability to create virtually any scheme that you wish in the game. Including HALO jumps, backpack UAV controls and SEALS scuba diving. And best of all, you don't have to redo a single mission all over and over again to experience all the best things of Arma 3. Make one of your own, or download DLCs, extensions, mods and everything else made by its excellent community. I had no regret buying this even though the USD conversion to IDR was threatening back when I purchased it on the Autumn Sale. It's really worth your money, and I'm pretty sure this'll be an irreplaceable infantry combat sim until Arma 4 comes up.
game-hours: 16.3
review: It's ArmA and that's what ruins this game. Well ruin might be a strong word actually but that's not the point. The point is; whilst ArmA 3 is an enjoyable exeperience with it's fancy guns and new physics, it really doesn't do anything to improve upon ArmA 2. I mean, there's plenty of new content and nice new graphics but it doesn't feel like much of an improvement in the way the game works. While I don't mind the action menu system I can see how it could be considered counter intuitive and that is the problem. The game has a learning curve that can make it difficult to enjoy and while I don't like games being dumbed down, I do enjoy them being made more accessible. The system used in ArmA is what puts a lot of players off and I don't think it's particularly justifiable, as soon as Bohemia change this they will see an increase in the playerbase. After that messy blab about the games system I do want to say I still wholeheartedly recommend the game, it's great fun and worth a play.
game-hours: 396.2
review: Possible the BEST mil sim game out there, It is a MUST BUY for all those hardcore military gamers. With the slight learning curve this game has definitely makes it even more fun.
game-hours: 61.2
review: 10/10 would operate again.
game-hours: 16.7
review: yo bro this game is kool dude i was stunned when colonel dickbutt came over the radio and he was like "yo  get to the objective" i was like wow this game is so realistic and cool but then i remembered its on the arma engine so i quit
game-hours: 67.9
review: it is a fun game and offers improvements from the last arma
game-hours: 453.3
review: Extremely realistic and fun milsim mmo. Reccomend for anyone who likes, well, games!
game-hours: 79.0
review: Following the hit Arma 2, Arma 3 is just as good, maybe better. Boy oh boy these graphics are to live for, featuring realistic snakes, this game is worth every dime. Another thing is the flying of helicopters, its quite gay if I do say so myself. So you're probably wondering, is this game good enough for me and my family?  yes, I give this game an outstanding 18 out of 10, enjoy.
game-hours: 73.9
review: The campaign, scenarios and mods are fun and enjoyable. The multiplayer is unplayable compared to most games, though. Even some of the best PCs barely get 20fps on some servers. It's a known issue with the game and Steam should warn buyers who intend to play multiplayer heavily. If you think you'd enjoy a war sim in singleplayer then check out this game. If your PC is good and can run this game on high, it looks beautiful. Not to mention there are plently of mods that continue to come out. Hopefully the MP becomes more stable FPS wise through future updates, if possible.
game-hours: 64.4
review: Jebus if you want to increase your Arma experience or want to try any arma games? Its ing great!!!
game-hours: 49.4
review: Fun and a cool game :d Never gets boring.
game-hours: 85.5
review: shootin gunz
game-hours: 142.5
review: its better than Arma 2
game-hours: 246.6
review: Unfinished piece of . Not a game but bugged "platform" for users to make their own games.  in all aspects but unique hardcore gameplay.
game-hours: 62.5
review: realy good game looks stunning plays realy well the only down side i can say is the lack of air and land vehicles for that reason i would give it a 8/10 if it had the list of stuff like arma 2 it would be an easy 10/10 for me :)
game-hours: 176.2
review: Best Damn Game Ever Damnit
game-hours: 913.4
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1083.4
review: if your a hardcore fan of the series, and dont mind the glitches (in MP mostly) and the high end system required to run this game, then its a great game, I love it.The modding community is rich and active and several servers run amazing gameplays (didlike the RPG style myself)- and when you team up and play it as its meant to be played cant be beat... Hackers and Tkers are somewhat too common in this game though (due to open editing /scripting ability?) but all said, not a game that works with only a few people... and I'd wait for sales before recommending it right off... (60$ way too much imho) Still love the feel, the realism, and the challenges this war SIM offers... just started the adapt sp campaign continuation... tough going :)
game-hours: 50.3
review: this game is amazing!!!!
game-hours: 485.1
review: Very nice
game-hours: 41.5
review: This game is FRIGGIN' awesome! Basically, it is like Battlefield 4 on steriods. Although multiplayer is pretty laggy, Arma 3 is one of my favorites.
game-hours: 3.8
review: Outrageous war simulator ! 10/10
game-hours: 8.9
review: This game is a SIMULATOR.. If you're thinking "OH LOOK, Another Call of duty/Battlefield RIP off" Haha, no. This game (if not known how to play) is worse than flappy birds, And is FAR from COD or Battlfield. So, if you're looking for a simulator please. Get this game, if you're looking for "MAYBE I CAN GET SHOT 20 TIMES BEFORE I KNIFE THIS GUY" Please. Stick with COD/Battlefield.
game-hours: 87.2
review: Best military simulation since Codfare modern black: russian ops!
game-hours: 71.1
review: THIS GAME IS ARMA 3 BY THE WAY
game-hours: 164.4
review: This game is pretty cash
game-hours: 108.0
review: Such a great game, espescially online, if you love the "realism" in games then youre going to love this futuristic military game, even though you might need a good pc, the fun is still unbearable
game-hours: 2.4
review: yes!
game-hours: 61.8
review: awesome game
game-hours: 179.3
review: Arma is one of those few games dedicated to a niche market. With Arma 3 the team has made the game more accessible for newcomers to the series whilst still maintaining the steep learning curve associated with the series. The lovely new graphical fidelity and the improved animations combined with a dedicated and growing community (with its awesome custom made content) make this a hefty game to invest in...but with limitless replayability and intense amounts of Co-op fun.
game-hours: 688.4
review: very fun detailed game and all the user made missions are awesome
game-hours: 271.6
review: It was severely rushed, put into beta when it should have been alpha and even after release I can't say it would even be called a beta. Still the game is being constantly updated but it was released as FULL without a campaign, its being currently worked on and added to every few months. Glitches and not what I expect from ARMA in its gameplay, despite being in the future I do prefer the previous version more. Although with it being consistantly updated and Steam Workshop is full of user made content giving you more options with the game's current state.
game-hours: 26.7
review: the best war game on the market
game-hours: 44.9
review: sweet
game-hours: 141.6
review: good game, worth the buy!
game-hours: 185.7
review: As an old OFP-veteran i never managed to get familiar with the sequels (Arma, Arma II), though i bought them all and tried to play. The old fascination never happend to catch me again because of lack of story and broken gameplay (Im not too enthusiastic about multiplayer...) I was sceptic about Arma3, since it was pushed a lot via different magazines and channels. At first glimpse i seemed to be right, Arma 3 without singleplayer, wtf? BUT: i have to admit, that the two chapters of the campaign yet released brought it all back for me. The old fever came back in a rush, nailing me in my seat just to replay mission by mission over and over again (you know, just to not lose a single member of my team...). Gameplay is smooth, i never came across (or failed to recognize) a single bug, graphics are awesome, weapon handling is unmatched ... i could carry on like that for while. To make a long story short: you liked OFP, you are very probably going to like this one too, even if you couldnt get friendly with ARMA or ARMA2.
game-hours: 531.9
review: One of the best games i have ever played
game-hours: 4.2
review: Overall the game play is difficult and focuses on real life accuracy making the movement mechanics very frustrating to navigate. Unless you're driving a land based vehicle, you're going to find piloting any aircraft a complete nightmare. The game looks great but has a very small variety of weapons to choose from, which in turn makes for some pretty bland game play. The enemies are all crack shots and can hit you from miles away even if you're in a concealed, prone position. I picked this up during a sale recently and still regret the purchase. Lesson learned. Will be avoiding any future Bohemia Interactive titles.
game-hours: 332.8
review: The real game, The best Game
game-hours: 521.1
review: A few bugs otherwise fun to Play Shooter
game-hours: 55.5
review: awesome fun game very tactical
game-hours: 396.4
review: I wish it ran smoother but its a great improvement from arma 2
game-hours: 9.3
review: Well I got this in alpha release when it was $30 but if I didn't I would gladly pay the full price for it. Awesome game I definately got 3 times my value that I invested in it and I am getting more!!! The updates will  your internet but they come with huge content. The developers are really giving people their worth in both time and money. Easily becoming a better shooter then any CoD game and is even leading the hard to beat BF series. My score: 10 out of 10 and it just got out of beta!!! Can't wait to see what else the developers add to this!!
game-hours: 155.1
review: This game is awesome, you have to try out Stratis wasteland or King of the Hill game modes :P
game-hours: 213.3
review: a (mostly) ground combat platform, widely open to modding fully customizable, not working in 3D Vision, TRACK IR greatly raises the experience
game-hours: 18.1
review: cant play online
game-hours: 615.8
review: its teh best.
game-hours: 182.7
review: Really fun.
game-hours: 221.9
review: I highly reccomend this game.
game-hours: 924.2
review: Unless you are a REALLY, REALLY big fan of the Operation Flashpoint lineage, avoid this. Avoid it until they see their stocks plummet so far into the ground that they finally decide to get off their lazy  and fix this piece of  up. It's been, what, two years now? It's still a leaky piece of  with major FPS and performance problems of which, mind you, 3/4th of these issues come from the ORIGINAL operation flashpoint. Litteraly NOTHING has been done to remove any of these issues and it very obviously shows. Only pick this up if you don't have any of the previous itterations, it's exactly the same, minus a few gameplay tweaks.
game-hours: 69.7
review: Dis game is fukin sweet. Zeus is gonna be killah.
game-hours: 606.9
review: Awesome game recommend it to everyone !!
game-hours: 146.4
review: Completely recommend it, its one of the best games i've ever played, the great realism and tactical ability allows you to do practically anthing you want within the boundries great gammodes and mostly good comunity, always going to be one of my favourite games, hope you enjoy it as much as i have, try it even if your not sure, i can almost garaunte you'll love it!!
game-hours: 86.4
review: Despite the performance issues, I have to admit, I love the game. It's the best military simulator available. I recommend that you have an extemely beefy PC. Also, check this link. It will help with the performance.
game-hours: 403.3
review: Contents suck but still plenty of fun.
game-hours: 644.1
review: By far, the best single and multiplayer experiance ever.
game-hours: 15.9
review: Same , different game
game-hours: 95.0
review: it took a dump in my mouth
game-hours: 34.0
review: This game is DEADLY. I don't think anyone can recreate what you guys have done! I can't wait for future products! Briliant game.
game-hours: 114.3
review: Multijoueur incroyable avec le nouveau mode de jeu Altis Life. La campagne en solo ou coop donne envie de jouer.
game-hours: 63.6
review: Good combat, realistic, and one of my favorite games of all time.
game-hours: 4.0
review: Amazing Military simulator, that I think everyone should get.
game-hours: 3.2
review: There is nowhere to start with this game. I started a editor level and flew around the cities. I nerdgasmd when i saw the water in this game. Bohemia have done a beautiful job designing and making this game. My computer isn't the best one to play it on though - but i still managed to fit in a worthy amount of the campaign and multiplayer options. The maps in Arma 3, ( Atlis and Stratis) Are very large and have been completely mastered. From guns to drones, I adore this game. Thank you for bringing us a masterpeice, Bohemia.
game-hours: 102.5
review: So many different modes to play with such as wastelands etc, Toally funny with friends!
game-hours: 440.1
review: This Game was fun has some bugs online but not to much with 3, more with 2 i cant even get online im stuck with singleplayer after paying all my poket money. But this game made me forget about it as so much better with graphics, and gameplay more involed and more adds, and updates as you play this game threw the years to come.
game-hours: 419.5
review: sick game it may cost 40 pounds or if american then ????? dollars but it way worth the money if u play with skilled players or friends u will get along just fine
game-hours: 100.6
review: Nice looking game when it works....crashes oftern.
game-hours: 58.2
review: FISH THE FISH BEFORE YOU DIE OF DEATH
game-hours: 384.4
review: Arma III is a combat simulator. It creates an envioroment where you can perform and learn the basics of the movement of a military soldier. The campaign is really good, there is nothing wrong with it at all except from where I find it hard at some cases. But overall it holds a realistic simulation of how its like. I also love multiplayer on Arma III. People can transform CO-OP gamemodes to a realistic enviroment in multiplayer, like some people can form squads and they like to make it look like a real squad which contains planning, tatical, commands, things like that. It makes the game look real. Arma III was released 7 months ago but grows a better game each time. There are certain amount of bugs and glitches in it but its very rare the bugs or glitches occur.... The game is quite expensive I know, its 35.99 but its good to spend money on a brilliant game like this. If you want to spend more on it you can buy Digital Deluxe Upgrade for 8.99. I recommend buying the Deluxe Edition for 39.99, make sure you like what you are buying of the Deluxe Edition. When you buy this game I hope you have alot of fun. Thanks!
game-hours: 84.4
review: This game is hard once you just play it but when you get used to it it is rlly rlly fun
game-hours: 322.5
review: Of course I reccomend ths game. It's awesome and has a lot to get of the workshop
game-hours: 14.8
review: tacticool
game-hours: 8.9
review: What can i say I've plad for 21 minutes and i never saw the first screen seen, for the moment your getting a thumbs down
game-hours: 253.6
review: I have to say that this game is a worthy successor of the ArmA series. It takes aspects of the other games and improves them, while adding new content and a storyline that hasn't had a single broken level, or AI with a choppy voice. However, this game just isn't finished yet. I'd wait until the horrible FPS drops on multiplayer are fixed. Once that is done, the game will be perfect. Wait a while before you purchase this game.
game-hours: 6.1
review: Not disappointed
game-hours: 328.8
review: Amazing it was what i thought battlefield 4 would be, immersive and realistic, altis life is also whatg i thought GTA online would be like
game-hours: 395.6
review: Veldig bra.
game-hours: 43.3
review: Yeah yeah...Good game, go ahead and BUY it.
game-hours: 41.2
review: not game
game-hours: 2137.6
review: Pour une exprience de simulation trs avance de combat tactique...
game-hours: 152.0
review: Bohimia Interactive did an amazing job on this game, be it from the smart AI to just sheer graphics. This game is absoultly breathtaking and I recommend it to anyone who likes any sort of strategy game with action involved. When bullets are flying over your head you really feel like you're getting shot at and adrenaline kicks in. The news Zues module is an amazing asset for those who wish to train others and it's just plain fun! 10/10
game-hours: 1223.2
review: this game is super fun . the mods for this game are off the chain. I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes dayz
game-hours: 316.7
review: Best game ever!!!!! Everyonee needs this game in their life!
game-hours: 585.2
review: Kill 'em all, let God sort them out.
game-hours: 99.2
review: This now has more vehicles, armored vehicles, and new helicopters! I am loving it!
game-hours: 50.6
review: ARMA III is ARMA II with ugly as  camo patterns, caseless ammunition SPESSguns, equally trash AI, and less vehicles. BUT A3 is so vastly, hilariously ridiculously improved on its predecessor in every other dimension that it feels more like what Arma was to OFP than a direct sequel. The new movement stances and flight model make the game feel SO much more fluid instead of a wheelbarrow simulator on the ground and some kind of strange DCS: Paper Airplane in the air. Yeah your squaddies still go ENEMY. MAN. TO YOUR. RIGHT! ENGAGING! But they do it in adorable greek accents and actually sound like vaguely stilted human beings instead of your entire squad being composed of various inflections of Microsoft Sam. Enough has been said about Altis already, it's the most ambitious worldmap in gaming. Yeah you lose some of the rustic poor-as--eastern-european-charm from Chernarus, but damn the island is beautiful, and honestly, plenty more diverse. I've had squad battles at a solar power facility and brigade-level armored warfare on the salt flats. And Zeus... man, I've been toying with Zeus for a while now and I feel like I'm barely scratching the surface of its potential. Basically you're a DnD DM except in the most expansive (and accurate) near-future military simulation that exists. Basically if you like realistic modern combat simulation, literally ranging from missions where you're three local yokel cops with revolvers and a pickup truck running through the woods, to missions where you're  Future-Eisenhower commanding NATO at a divisional level invading an honest to god entire country, accept no substitutes.
game-hours: 1110.7
review: Literally one of the best purchases I've ever made. Even at full price it's worth every penny. Breaking Point. Battle Royale. Altis Life. Wasteland. King of the Hill. You name it. Arma 3 has hundreds of hours of playability.
game-hours: 308.8
review: the downside to this game, only one, you gotta play a lot, to get very good at it. is that a downside?
game-hours: 79.2
review: gg
game-hours: 819.9
review: Revised my review as my last one it was only in alpha, but things have only got better. the possibility's with this game are almost endless, the multiplayer is by far the most, enjoyable i have played. with so many different game modes, and mods available, you can never get bored. play with your friends and the fun just multiplies. don't get me wrong it has its problems, bugs are still there, and Altis can be annoying at times with its lack of cover, but it is a real island, and if they strayed away and changed it, then i wouldn't be Altis. The Best thing with this game tho is its realism, when one bullet can take you down, and end your day. it adds a fear factor into the game play, where you seek real cover, use real line of sights, and have to make corrections for the ballistics of the weapons. its not for everyone. but any hardcore sim gamer will love this, its still has the ARMA feel to it, which was something i first thought it would loose. Play it. for me, its a 9/10.
game-hours: 329.0
review: Arma 3 is a great game! It has some really nice grapics and is better optimised that arma 2
game-hours: 29.1
review: Cool Game
game-hours: 75.4
review: Great game
game-hours: 400.7
review: It's a playground if you put your mind to it. Lasing targets, flying jets, piloting a sumbmarine, or just firing tracers into a dark stormy night is only a grain of sand in a desert. Jump in feet first and enjoy!
game-hours: 60.4
review: If you are looking for a true milsim game, then grab it. It's worth your money, only if it runs smooth!
game-hours: 219.9
review: Best military simulation game ever!!
game-hours: 44.6
review: TOTALY worth the money there are many things u can do and even good things to do in single player i strongly recommend this game to people who like the realistic type of shooters
game-hours: 70.0
review: Amazingly fun, amazingly hard. This is for real, folks. Forget about running and gunning. Forget about killing soldiers who see you first. You're dead. Annoying? Yes. But so much fun, still! I love the feel to the game. The graphics are amazing, and it's incredibly immersive. Especially coupled with a good head tracking system like the TrackIR!
game-hours: 377.0
review: You can do almost everything you can with a gun, close quarter battle but also major battle with a lot of armed or support vehicles. In fact unlike what it's said hardcore military simulator, the field is open to noob. If you want to be simple you can just do so, serious battle or something simple or just enjoying living life in huge number of on/offline scenarios in about 300km^2!! This is just a sandbox gun game!
game-hours: 34.4
review: meh its not bad
game-hours: 78.7
review: Been a fan since OFP and happy to see they've continued to improve. UI can still use some work, but overall a good and unique experience.
game-hours: 13.9
review: no sex ladies :/
game-hours: 10.0
review: Sweet
game-hours: 13.8
review: Love this game, although, good luck getting any kills :3
game-hours: 175.9
review: Better than Arma 2.
game-hours: 111.6
review: I Shot these baddies and they died 10/10
game-hours: 232.4
review: Fun like ArmA II. Well worth it.
game-hours: 34.4
review: ,
game-hours: 113.5
review: awesome game
game-hours: 87.4
review: Great game especialy the mood Atlis life and Dayz lot of fun and realistic behavior on multiplay
game-hours: 269.5
review: PLAY IT!!!
game-hours: 690.7
review: great game, tons of mods to choose from so ur sure to find something u like, wether it's big battlefield style combat, or trying to run guns and drugs across the border, and of course zombies. great graphics, runs very well, nice and smooth, and brings a level of realism to shooters that is not seen elsewhere.
game-hours: 72.6
review: great game would recomend that anyone who is anything should buy this game.
game-hours: 121.6
review: Great game, amazing graphics, great gunplay so generally an amazing game.
game-hours: 15.0
review: Love this series. There's a lot to mod, and the learning curve is ridiculous-- but well worth it.
game-hours: 188.2
review: One of best FPS games I have played.
game-hours: 47.8
review: SupR Dank n' Bodacious
game-hours: 139.4
review: very qwirky physics but good fun for the patient shooter.
game-hours: 89.6
review: Great game, a must buy !!!!!
game-hours: 14.5
review: If you like Arma 2, you will probably like Arma 3 too. Graphics are great (if you have PC good enough). Gameplay is as it should be for Arma - tactical. I think this is the one of the most realistic war games out there. There is also a preety nice community - you can play community created King of the hill, Wasteland, other missions. Don't forget to grab a microphone because working with team is so much fun and is actually what this game is about - tactical teamplay. In short: If you like war simulators with great graphics, teamplay and nice community I would recommend you this game.
game-hours: 13.0
review: Very neet military game ever developed. Extremly good to create you own army :) and play it with many steam friends.
game-hours: 47.8
review: wow cool wow
game-hours: 166.8
review: Muito ! Gostei muito :D.
game-hours: 1458.6
review: Best shooter to come out since ARMA 2
game-hours: 34.1
review: Driving the helicopters is like getting molested by old men. IT'S ROUGH, IT HURTS AND IT'S MOIST.
game-hours: 10.4
review: Very complex but once you past that great slowed down FPS
game-hours: 672.3
review: The is without a doubt the next generation in an epic military simulation series
game-hours: 30.9
review: Awesome game! I don't play ARMA though, I play the MOD Breaking Point! It's great!
game-hours: 138.2
review: yer
game-hours: 7.1
review: Pretty realistic game. But it sometimes takes 20-30 min to find an enemy to kill. But still fan.
game-hours: 79.1
review: fun never gets old
game-hours: 104.1
review: good game suggest playing wasteland and altis life
game-hours: 54.2
review: Really enjoyable if you love realistic shooters.
game-hours: 466.5
review: This is a truly amazing game. I have over 300 hours and can't stop playing :)
game-hours: 256.3
review: It's still working on it's multiplayer synchronizing but has a fun system to play at. For those who don't know it's based on the future not the modern military today so if you wondering where your M4 is at, it ain't here. Overall a fun experience for those who enjoy military-based games (or RP).
game-hours: 7.9
review: Awesome, cant wait for mods.
game-hours: 60.3
review: A fairly realistic military sandbox, its getting constant updates and also has some mods. I can't wait for the full game, as it will have a much larger map as well as more vehicles and gear.
game-hours: 33.3
review: Ok this game require to train to fully appreciate it value. The game is not HARD but it's unforgiving. You will die a tons! it make dark souls look like candy crush. BUT take the time to learn how to pilot, how to command and install some recommanded AI mod like FFIS and I promise you a superb gaming experience. arma3 is unique! but you will never forget your first success. this is no wonder why the community is so productive with this game. you really can simulate anything! just take the time to learn it! it's a sure buy ! the only con against this game ? it require a monstrous PC to be played correctly I run a I7 4930k/32gig@2400mhz/2x ATI 7970 on an 2560x1440 screen and this is not very fluid i often run between 40-60 fps but nothing more. Because the pace is rather slow the FPS slowdown is not really a big issue. just be aware of it's hardware requirement
game-hours: 226.8
review: good game...... exept i can't join any online match it kicks me or i have been banned and i have never used hacks so its a bit wird and thats why this game suck fix then start selling it as full version
game-hours: 321.4
review: i like
game-hours: 29.9
review: Best milsim on Steam, but needs a few mods to really shine
game-hours: 586.7
review: 1-10 because i purchased it. I bought it in alpha hoping that a full game would be released but it still has not. campaign is a joke, Because there are player made campaigns that are 10x harder and more complex. Multiplayer server hosting does not work 7 times out of 10. there is virtually no effort by bohemia to release content, it would be very easy for them to release all arma 2 content for arma 3, the community has done it but its damn straight  to get it to work and it barly does even when you get it too. There are virtually no weapons in the game. all the good features for arma 3 are made by the players. they have released less content than one DLC of anygame. Just goes to show Europoors dont make good games. 1-10 would not buy if on sale for 5$. Asked bohemia for my money back and they do not respond and you are not allowed to post on their forums.  tier company is  tier. this is a huge disapointment from arma 2 content wise. Anyone who gives a good review didnt play arma 2. Or has the expectations of a cawadooty game.
game-hours: 59.2
review: Ist Great!
game-hours: 56.4
review: this game is amazing
game-hours: 88.2
review: u can buy dayz u can buy payday 2 or u can buy something like that price or u can buy arma 3 and play wasteland with your friends or solo u can single u can play dayz mod or if u want to real life go play it arma 3 has it too nah im interesting with something else if u are saying arma 3'll have it mode buy it mate...
game-hours: 43.1
review: Not a huge fan of this game, but....I am really liking the Breaking Point mod for it. Is it worth $60 ? Not for the game, but for the mod, it could be close. Keep an eye out on sales for arma 3, get it then, and immediately download the breaking point mod. Much better
game-hours: 492.7
review: Melhor simulador de guerra !
game-hours: 128.8
review: This is a fun filled game full of many game modes and what to play with friends. this is hard to learn for new comers with all the stat and controls but you can learn it over a hour or two. this is a good buy if you have friends , i have a hard time playing this game alone for lone hours but i can make so much fun out of this game. I recommed this game if you have friends buying or has it all ready. Have a great day and sorry for my grammer :)))))
game-hours: 139.2
review: First time playing alits life i got ran over by a cop. 10/10
game-hours: 1257.0
review: Arma 3 is a tactical shooter simulator the best game ever 9.5/10
game-hours: 171.5
review: Arma 3 is a great game if you loved previous chapters and you enjoy combined arms wanna-be simulators. It's completely customizable and has an experienced community developing tons of additional content. Unfotunately the game suffers from an old engine concept limitations' wich makes everything feel clunky and buggy. The single player campaign is one of the worst ever created and doesn't reflect at all what a military operation is but it's there so if you want to give it a shot.. Plus the plot has almost no effort put in it. ArmA series fortunately relies for the 1% on single player campaign and 99% on community made content and coop multiplayer wich is the real core of the game. A must have if you want to join a clan that plays this game as a serious simulation.
game-hours: 122.2
review: Pretty good game... Would be a great game if it was better optimized. I would get it on sale but I wouldn't pay full price for it. EDIT: This game has so much potential but the developers failed to optimize the game at all. Do not buy this game until they fix it, if they ever do... So disappointing and such a let down.
game-hours: 71.6
review: Jogo !
game-hours: 183.3
review: If you're like myself and enjoy a fully immersive and realistic experience in a FPS, then you'll enjoy Arma 3. Also, while you're at it, try it with the PLAYERUNKNOWN's Battle Royale mod for true heart palpitating intensity!
game-hours: 2.2
review: nothing
game-hours: 27.6
review: good game but the weapons dont impress me I want to see weapons I saw in Arma 2 with different gun sounds.
game-hours: 227.4
review: Is good for cheeki breeki yas yas.
game-hours: 91.7
review: I can really recommend this game, it's just awesome for so many reasons !! :D
game-hours: 0.2
review: sumbudy pls gif dis gem 2 me lik pls
game-hours: 323.0
review: What has made this series so popular is the ability to mod it. The game by itself (talking about ARMA 2 and ARMA OA) are terrible games, but I have 100's of hours playing the modded versions of them, particularly the ACE mod. Since ACE is not out for ARMA 3, and no sign of when it may come out, I cannot in good conscious recommend this game to anyone. The arsenal available in vanilla ARMA 3 is miniscule, and they have recycled a lot of graphical stuff from ARMA 2, making this worthy of the $20 shelf, not the current $60 price point. In summary, with ACE out I would pay $60 for ARMA 3 today. Without ACE, only 2 maps, 2/3 of a campaign out, and no real game improvements coming from Bohemian I would wait until this game gets to $19.99. Update 22 July 2014. I can finally recommend this game again, since there are enough mods out there to once again make this game great. BI makes a poor game, the modding community makes it into a great game. While ACE is still not out, there are other mods coming forward such as AGM that make this game great. The weapon sway is completely broken without mods. As of this writing it is still $60, which is more than I would pay. Pick this up on a Steam sale for $30 or less.
game-hours: 6.4
review: it is an amazing but i would say you need a strong computer to run it
game-hours: 2.3
review: Best war game in steam
game-hours: 212.1
review: thi game is outstanding
game-hours: 134.9
review: This game is something unique and special Pros: -modding community makes aditional content almost infinate. (there are some mods in development that look very promissing, im looking at you Dayz Epoch for arma 3) -Massive map to explore -scenarion editor makes almost any imganinable scenario possible -extremely relistic (this could be a con to some) -graphically impressive for its size -massive longevity considering both the mod availiability and the scenario editor -very detailed environment Cons -Buggy, like very buggy, like has the potenial to ruin your day buggy -VERY steep learning curve, prepare to spend the first few in game hours learning how to move let along fly, drive, command a squad etc... -So buggy it deserve two mentions. -poorly optimized. no matter what setting i use i cannot run anything over high and even that ryns at 30fps. Dont even both if you have a low end PC. Overall this game has things to offer that no other game does but it suffers because of an engine that is difficulty for any PC to run. I fully recomend but understand if you pass it over because it looks so intimidating.
game-hours: 47.8
review: If you like super realistic, first person shooters, this is the game for you!
game-hours: 318.1
review: Coming from games like battlefield/counter-strike this was a nice change. There's a lot of little things to get used to, i.e. there's like 10 different stances all that can lean left/right. The ballistics are simulated and pretty well done aside from velocities of some guns. Plenty of vehicles/aircraft to get the job done and offer a challenge, even though the flight models are still somewhat arcade'ish/linear. The scale of the maps is just crazy, although everything kinda looks the same, it's all laid out very believably. There's a few game modes for MP that are worth giving a try, mainly king of the hill/wasteland and I guess altis life but I havent tried it more than 10 minutes. One thing though, in MP games there's not much you can do FPS wise when there's >60 players, you will get <25 FPS in cities, it doesn't even matter how good your computer is. The SP campaign is good but the controls for AI still need a lot of work and more often than not they just die without following orders. The developers are constantly updating this game everyday with frequent patches so with that I'd give a rating of 8/10 at $60
game-hours: 1768.7
review: I have play over 1372 hours of Arma3 not adding the hours i spend all other Armas ! I love this game i feel many games copy and want to be this but they will never be until they playh and hear a tactical game happen with real Arma vets KEEP up the good work until the day i DIE I WILL PLAY ARAMA !!!!!!!!!!!!)'(
game-hours: 19.5
review: this game be good. you want buy
game-hours: 141.8
review: Get this game. You'll not regret it
game-hours: 208.0
review: awesome
game-hours: 1322.8
review: This is a game that can consume hours of your day. If you like Mil Sim or FPS genre's then you should definitely look into this game. There are copious amounts of content created by the players and fans that you can download and add into the game for free. These range from Military or civilian vehicles, character skins, HUD's, charater actions, weapons, tools, effects and missions. Right down to environment objects like buildings or trees and rocks. It is well worth the money. While there are bugs and AI issues, these do not really detract from what the game offers.
game-hours: 335.3
review: Really enjoy Arma 3
game-hours: 305.2
review: This game will consume your life
game-hours: 166.2
review: Very fun and non repetetive
game-hours: 81.8
review: Sehr gutes spiel
game-hours: 378.4
review: I can't say much about the game's single player experience, since I haven't really done a whole lot with that. What I can say is that in large scale co-op missions, you really see this game at its full potential. This is easily one of the best co-op experiences I've ever had, and I've been gaming since I was 3 years old.
game-hours: 153.9
review: epic game,great for lan and also single player.
game-hours: 77.9
review: It's pretty honest.
game-hours: 2.4
review: Arma3 is fun to play but I really just bought it to play DayZ Epoch
game-hours: 34.7
review: If you like other armas and acutally have a pc that can run this, this is worth it if you catch it on a sale.
game-hours: 68.9
review: it doesnt get any better than this, poss the greatest military shooter of all time, and one of the most diverse mod comminity out there... 11 out of 10
game-hours: 251.5
review: Awesome game !
game-hours: 599.4
review: Arma 3 is an awesome game to play with frinds whom take it seriusly. otherwise it's no fun if you don't find a good server
game-hours: 21.9
review: alot of fun and runs better than 2
game-hours: 279.2
review: The Best Game i have bought for me :P Best Simulator, Best Game of the Year !!
game-hours: 221.9
review: Arma 3 is the culmination of 13yrs of open world, military sim expertise from Bohemia Interactive. If you're looking for a challenging yet rewarding combat experience, look no further. You're not going to be able to run 10mph, or destroy cars with your fists, or have to pump a full magazine into a bad guy to drop them. Like the classic game Bushido Blade, a single strike can kill the enemy. One round to an unprotected head and they drop. A huge improvement over it's predecessor, Arma 3 improves in all aspects of the game. The vehicle physics, animation systems, ballistics and first person camera have all been updated significantly or rebuilt from scratch. This is a sim worth your time.
game-hours: 410.8
review: This game is great for a realistic FPS/Thirdperson shooter,with the new zues mode it makes it fun for all players to play multiplayer just like D&D XD
game-hours: 59.4
review: 7/10 almost a great game but the game is based in Greece....you dont even get to see John Stamos
game-hours: 66.7
review: dis game gon be good
game-hours: 88.2
review: I really like this game. Tons of fun , a lot of "mods" wich my favorites are Altis Life and Wasteland. You can spend hours of gameplay non stop laughing (depends on the mod you are playing) and tons of different weapons , vehicles. I'll give it 8/10 only because not every person can play this game it's really "heavy" and the other down side is you need to learn the keybinds because there is a lot of them. Love this game. <3
game-hours: 121.8
review: Game is amazing, very fun. But tired of running.
game-hours: 502.4
review: I could write 10k words about how awesome this game is. But I am just naming one example for now: You can be the leader of an entire Army - in underwear.
game-hours: 828.2
review: awesome
game-hours: 3.8
review: awesome game
game-hours: 1021.7
review: Not a bad game. Cross hairs seam a bit jumpy for a shooter. Story is decent so far. If you crouch AI get a 90% chance at a head shot, much BS!!! 5.1/10
game-hours: 3.7
review: Gud gaem.
game-hours: 90.5
review: coolshit
game-hours: 146.9
review: The realisim in this game is intense! This always has my heart racing and puts you right there in on the action. Love it great job.
game-hours: 113.0
review: To me, the best one of the ARMA series. I've just finished the campaign and I had lots of fun. Military simulation (challenging gameplay), open world, campaign, multiplayer, large variety of weapons, vehicles and uniforms + mod support and ingame editor. Last but not least: awesome graphics. A.I. can be a bit dumb at times. If you've played Operation Flashpoint: Cold War Crisis and/or Arma 1 and Arma 2 you already know what I'm talking about, allthough it already got much better in my opinion. Definite recommondation, especially for fans of OFP and Arma.
game-hours: 0.7
review: best game
game-hours: 34.1
review: The Greatest game I have ever played, if you are looking to go in the military or currently in the military this simulator is for you. Even if you are not in the military but love the armed forces this game teaches alot reading maps, combat skills, etc.... This game was made by the best for the best.
game-hours: 281.5
review: Y U NO GET???!!!
game-hours: 264.5
review: When i got Arma 3 i was a little worried that this game would not be for me. But after putting over 200 hours into the game, i can safely say this game is an amazing video game and highly recommened it to any Call of Duty players as my self looking for a new way of looking at war games. Arma 3 provides so much along the line of the base story, super fun multiplayer games, and also an awesome editor system. Some things i suggest doing if you buy this game is finding a group of people to play with. Because although this game is great by its self, it is much more fun with freinds. I have met alot of great people on this game that i play with constanly. Another thing i suggest you do in arma 3 is try out the editor. You can make some really cool stuff with it. I have made around 6 missions that i can play with my freinds whenever i want to. Now i am not going to lie there are some bad things about this game as well. For one multiplayer can get a little stupid sometimes along the lines of, well other players. there is also the glitches that pop up now and again. And if you really want to have fun in this game you better have some good internet connection and a decent computer. But all in all this game is pretty darn good and i highly recommend this game to war game gamers.
game-hours: 110.9
review: This is the finest and most intense "military simulation" you could get !!!! The community around is so expended and there are thousands of mods to custom the game to your liking !! I RECOMMEND HIGHLY !!!
game-hours: 21.9
review: stole someone's ATV while he looted a body, and then ran on him and killed him. (battle royale) this game is awesome, it has an amazing single player (tough to beat), so much mods to play which is really really fun! like breaking point, wasteland, altis life or battle royale, though there will be bugs/errors, but just google it and solve it, its easy. i would defently recommend to buy this amazing game. 24/7 would play.
game-hours: 18.3
review: ..-^" :\_ / o '"*'"/' WOOF WOOF -^" : : : : : : : : ,-~" **'^^~-----~^*'" : : : : : : : : : :-" .:.:.:.:.-^" : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :- GIVE THIS CUTE DOG :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: : : : : : : : : : -^ TO PEOPLE YOU CARE ABOUT .::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:. : : : : : : : -^ :.' : : '\ : : : : : : : ;-~" :.:.:: :"-""***/*'' :.': : : : :"- : : :"\ .:.:.: : : : :" : : : : \, :.: : : : : : : : : : : : ' : : : : : : :, : : : : : :/
game-hours: 398.4
review: Arma 3 is a game like no other that I have ever played. The fact that this game supports the community workshop will only increase the value and fun that you can have in this game. There are an amplitude of scenarios and missions that can be done and will have you pulling all nighters quite a bit. Probably one of the most popular missions files that are available is Alits Life which is an rpg gamemode where you can either be a cop,rebel or normal civ. There are hundreds more missions to be played and this game has gone above and beyond my hopes and expectations of what this game would be. 20/10.
game-hours: 66.9
review: I like wine gums. And sports mix.
game-hours: 455.6
review: Feels incredibly unfinished and incomplete on so many levels and in dire need of major improvements and added content to make this as interesting to play as it's predecessor. Which is a shame as the new infantry controls are a godsend but it does not save a really marred and blemished product that is very lacking. Frankly you're better off waiting until the first major expansion until you get this game unless you simply have to play Wasteland.
game-hours: 65.3
review: Probably one of the most complex games I have ever played but I always want to keep playing it.
game-hours: 223.4
review: This is by far the bast Arma game i have play what next for ARMA who know but i recommend this to all my friend
game-hours: 40.2
review: If you like being a terrorist (which I do) this game is perfect for you just simply set up car bomb and blow up infidel NO PROBLEM!
game-hours: 110.5
review: One of the best combat simulators I've ever played!!!! The Modding Community is wonderful and supportive! This is a must have!
game-hours: 248.7
review: good game
game-hours: 107.9
review: This is a really good game with amazing graphics. Best to play with friends and to communicate.
game-hours: 17.4
review: feels more real than any other army sim game ive played
game-hours: 255.1
review: As of the last update, my computer now bluescreens whenever I push the multiplayer button. It worked perfectly until the update. I can only assume that once again, BIS has attempted to divide by zero, and then posted up the results for download - without bothing to see if anything actually worked. If you haven't bought this game yet, understand that this is typical BIS behavior. It's one thing if the game crashes to desktop; it's quite another when the negligent quality control proceedures cause an error that is potentially system damaging. As you might imagine, I'm not very amused.
game-hours: 61.4
review: great gramphics great grameplay. not nescassarely a good thing.
game-hours: 0.5
review: The reqirments are WAY too high and too good for my Pc to handle
game-hours: 52.6
review: Arma 3 is Love. Its that simple
game-hours: 81.7
review: This game is absolutely fantastic. It really shows how bogus COD's and MW's claims of realism are. I would recommend this game to anyone who is sick of the spunkgargleweewee that the modern shooter has turned into. I would not recommend this game to anyone who lacks patience, because, like real life combat, there are many times that you aren't shooting at someone, but are instead using tactics and stratagies involving the tarrain to get the advantage.
game-hours: 4.3
review: ...by far one of the best fps's!
game-hours: 437.8
review: best military sim franchise out there its a must have for pc gamers even if it is a bit buggy
game-hours: 6.2
review: Here's why this game sucks: in a nutshell, the AI cheats like a . For one thing, enemy soldiers have the ability to shoot at you and actually score hits when you're supposed concealed behind foliage. General rule of actual combat is that, if the enemy is in range, so are you. Not so in this game. You can't do this to the enemy, of course because you can't hit what you can't see. If you try to shoot at where you think, or even where the marker says the enemy is, you'll never hit him. But he'll do that to you and kill you with one shot. Guaranteed. The other thing that pisses me off about this game is that there's a feature in it where, if you're running for awhile, the effects of fatigue can actually affect your shooting. This isn't a bad concept, and speaking from similar experience it's very realistic, but the problem with this is that it doesn't seem to apply to the enemy. Every  time during gameplay, when you get into a firefight, it's very common to have enemies full out sprint towards you, take a knee and nail you with one or two shots. Every ing time. The other thing is that, while the enemy can easily kill you with one or two shots, you CAN'T do that to the enemy - even with head and upper torso shots. There was one particular engagement where I shot an enemy five times in the chest and he didn't drop at all, and even managed to kill me with one shot. Total ing . Lastly, the controls are way to  complicated and difficult to put into use during gameplay.
game-hours: 67.4
review: Great shooter. I have to say it's definitely not one of your generic FPS games (a.k.a. Battlefield, CoD, etc.) and it takes realism to a whole new level. I'd say it gets about a 9.5/10.
game-hours: 276.5
review: Love it!
game-hours: 19.2
review: fine.
game-hours: 213.0
review: This SIM is the best yet and has promised and carried it out. I have been with it since the first days of the pre Alpha thru now an for years to come. My Squad Mates all moaned about it being to much like a SIM than a game, Well DAH it is and much more. Several has since jumped on the bandwagon and a few other that like ARMA II have stepped over the line as well. All in all I would say that my word of mouth was directly responsible for 17 copies being purchased and countless other indirectly! Keep up the great work!! WheelChair
game-hours: 144.8
review: It's like ArmA 2 but developed by the Discovery Channel's future Weapons program.
game-hours: 224.8
review: this game is not just a stimulator !! it's a GREAT stimulator!! also, those drones in the game are excellent!!!
game-hours: 332.9
review: AWSOME Just awsome good graphics and everything i recommend 100%
game-hours: 21.8
review: A must buy for realism
game-hours: 266.4
review: I've been in the army since 2002, and I've never experienced anything as realistic as ArmA 3. It gives you the chance to use tactics almost like real life. If you're into military games, and realism - Then you MUST buy ArmA 3. You're missing out on something great if you don't!!!
game-hours: 148.8
review: Amazing
game-hours: 57.0
review: Arma 3 is in some aspects better than Arma 2 but worse in other aspects. Pros -smoother controls compared to arma 2 -editor is even more versatile now -vehicle handling is now more realistic -flying seems to be improved -you can change your gun's attachments on the go -the new UAV's are neat -you can change your clothes (aka play dress-up) -AI has been improved Cons -the soldiers seem to be too durable now (you can survive a 40mm grenade direct hit or 3-4 shots to the chest from a rifle) -the public server list is full of Altis life,DayZ and Wasteland (and I don't have any friends that play Arma 3 so I can't play private matches) -the new futuristic theme is plain boring -a lot of guns appear under fake names -there are not a lot of vehicles
game-hours: 107.6
review: Awesome army simulator.
game-hours: 22.0
review: Walked for so long I was expecting 13 dwarves to show and ask me to take them to the lonely mountain. Got to shoot a rabbit. my feet hurt/10
game-hours: 7.5
review: Best military shooter ever.
game-hours: 204.8
review: I got killed by a car park barrier closing on my car while driving under it. Beat that for authenticity.
game-hours: 102.0
review: Three words: Altis Life mod Grief simulator 2014. 10/10
game-hours: 174.2
review: love this game, its that editor that completel ykicks butt, you can design ANY mssion you can think of. Like its unlimited gameplay potential. its only hindered by your own creativity.
game-hours: 46.1
review: More like a grapical update for Arma II, not realy adding much else instead of adding what I thought Bohimia would which was addign most of the features that the ACE & ACRE did, (mods for Arma II)
game-hours: 3.5
review: This game is has awesome
game-hours: 591.7
review: gud gaim. 17,5 / 11 boohEmiar <3
game-hours: 96.6
review: Awesome game to play with your friends
game-hours: 117.6
review: This game is kinda scary because there's night time, and everything is dark. I am really scared of the night but wait! There's also support for realtime lights and night vision so night isn't really a issue anymore. While there are cool lights in this game, it offers a vast array of other features, such as: Warfare War Weapons War Cars War Planes War People War Simulations War War Horse War Running Realtime Marching Band I could continue listing other War Features for hours on end, but I will stop here. The rest is for you to discover, since that is the essence of this game, discovery and exploration. That and shooting guns.
game-hours: 27.0
review: Amazing game, I suggest it if you liked the ARMA Franchise. The Graphics are great and the controls are amazing! I highly suggest this to people who like tactical shooters.
game-hours: 313.7
review: Very fun game. Some aspects like jumping and crouching even the (double zooming) is quite annoying. But the game is very fun when played with a friend or two. Can recommend.
game-hours: 773.8
review: This is more like a military simulation than a FPS type game. Within one week of buying it I have amased over 100 hours of game time, it's that addictive. Whether it's straight up shoot or be shot or RP you prefer Arma 3 has it all. Driving, flying or under water you become immersed in the life of a modern day military opereation. I love it.
game-hours: 85.8
review: This game is gud
game-hours: 106.2
review: Although it has a few issues with netcode, like it's predecessor, Arma 2, it is a well structured game with modding in mind. This game also possesses quite an arsenal of weapons accurate to their real life counter parts; furthering immersion. What does take away from this is the aformentioned issues with lag that can lead to some rather frustrating moments. I would recommend this to anyone who has quite a lot of patience and those who want to see what real life gun play is all about, short of joining the military or buying your own. 7/10 game
game-hours: 505.8
review: Any fan of the Arma series needs no recommendation for this game, it builds on years of quality gameplay. Since Arma 2 there have been however alot of positive improvements, and despite this only being an alpha build for now, it shows just how much Arma 3 has build on and improved upon the old game. You can play it with outstanding graphics without needing a beast of a computer, and even the alpha versions runs smoother on my rig then Arma 2 ever did. It still has its bugs, but none sofar ive seen break the fun of the game. For those new to the Arma series this game is as perfect a starting point to get to know the series, as it like all before it, stand alone building their own story line. No need to have played the first 2 games of the series is required to get started on this one. If you like tactical gameplay, and cant stand the twitch run-and-gun gameplay of modern shooters (CoD for example) then this game is perfect for you.
game-hours: 340.1
review: Ever since they messed up and changed the weapon sway the game is ruined. I want a refund, I feel betrayed and hurt.
game-hours: 15.6
review: Very much a 'hardcore' shooter, and probably closest to a real combat simulator you are likely to find easily on steam. Its not easy but if you put in the time to wrap your head around it, its a really good shooter. Vehicle integration is great as well. Community maps and scenarios are quickly becoming a high quality alternative to the single player campaign.
game-hours: 2.1
review: Well they gave it to me for free and know i have to pay for it arma3 that is
game-hours: 20.4
review: best simulator imo
game-hours: 154.2
review: Fun=8/10 FPS=7/10 Servers=8/10 overall Quality=meh/10 Price=3/10
game-hours: 1686.2
review: Spent 3 hrs crawling up a hill and spotting targets for a fellow sniper in multi-player. It was awesome. 10/10
game-hours: 38.5
review: An excellent game that is a refreshing option compared to the other shooters in the gaming industry.
game-hours: 14.4
review: Pretty neat and fun, simply badly optimized and the controls are a little difficult to get used to.
game-hours: 250.2
review: IST Awsome and you need to play altislife
game-hours: 51.4
review: I personally love this game, if you are into realistic first-third person shooters this is for you. I have played all of the armas and i believe this is the best one yet letting you scuba dive for a few missions, fly in the many aircrafts this game offers, and drive in tanks and other amazing vehichles. This game also has amazing graphics along with the sky actually changing its appearence randomly throughout missions to give it a more realistic effect.
game-hours: 11.4
review: good game but hard to use the control on key pad as im stuck on a mission.
game-hours: 35.6
review: great game buy now!!!!
game-hours: 33.3
review: Ok this game require to train to fully appreciate it value. The game is not HARD but it's unforgiving. You will die a tons! it make dark souls look like candy crush. BUT take the time to learn how to pilot, how to command and install some recommanded AI mod like FFIS and I promise you a superb gaming experience. arma3 is unique! but you will never forget your first success. this is no wonder why the community is so productive with this game. you really can simulate anything! just take the time to learn it! it's a sure buy ! the only con against this game ? it require a monstrous PC to be played correctly I run a I7 4930k/32gig@2400mhz/2x ATI 7970 on an 2560x1440 screen and this is not very fluid i often run between 40-60 fps but nothing more. Because the pace is rather slow the FPS slowdown is not really a big issue. just be aware of it's hardware requirement
game-hours: 321.4
review: i like
game-hours: 29.9
review: Best milsim on Steam, but needs a few mods to really shine
game-hours: 586.7
review: 1-10 because i purchased it. I bought it in alpha hoping that a full game would be released but it still has not. campaign is a joke, Because there are player made campaigns that are 10x harder and more complex. Multiplayer server hosting does not work 7 times out of 10. there is virtually no effort by bohemia to release content, it would be very easy for them to release all arma 2 content for arma 3, the community has done it but its damn straight  to get it to work and it barly does even when you get it too. There are virtually no weapons in the game. all the good features for arma 3 are made by the players. they have released less content than one DLC of anygame. Just goes to show Europoors dont make good games. 1-10 would not buy if on sale for 5$. Asked bohemia for my money back and they do not respond and you are not allowed to post on their forums.  tier company is  tier. this is a huge disapointment from arma 2 content wise. Anyone who gives a good review didnt play arma 2. Or has the expectations of a cawadooty game.
game-hours: 59.2
review: Ist Great!
game-hours: 56.4
review: this game is amazing
game-hours: 88.2
review: u can buy dayz u can buy payday 2 or u can buy something like that price or u can buy arma 3 and play wasteland with your friends or solo u can single u can play dayz mod or if u want to real life go play it arma 3 has it too nah im interesting with something else if u are saying arma 3'll have it mode buy it mate...
game-hours: 48.5
review: Ten times better the arma 2's story to much altis life servers but still a very good game 8/10
game-hours: 165.6
review: pusimoniwed
game-hours: 181.8
review: The Most Realistic Army Simulator! The Graphics Are Incredible And The Added Features Make It A Good Game.
game-hours: 81.1
review: Well what I like about it is that it is a Military Simulator and that it has so many different game modes. But what I really hate about it is that the price is to steep. I would recommend lowering the price down to $30-$40 or somewhere in between for about a week. That would really boost sales and I know I will buy it.
game-hours: 989.7
review: 8/10 would play again
game-hours: 5.4
review: boring
game-hours: 36.3
review: Highly recommend
game-hours: 504.0
review: one of my favorite games, it has more realism than any other fps out on the market. yes the physics can be a bit ed but as for actual gunplay and the things that matter are great. Arma 2 is the reason i joined the master race lol
game-hours: 41.9
review: Open world with limitless replay ability due to the fantastic mission editor. New Altis map is immense, and those of you with a good computer setup will be amazed at how good it looks. Multiplayer missions range from death match to life sims, and everything in between. Developer adds new content regularly, and the Steam Workshop support means there will always be something new to try. Buy it, you won't regret it.
game-hours: 497.4
review: Good game. Great campaign. However, the multiplayer experience is lackluster and full of racism/homophobia, so I don't feel comfortable recommending it anymore. Single-player is great. The campaign is phenomenal and the workshop content is endless. If you like FPS and you like simulation, then you will probably love this game. That said, however, I will focus my review on Arma 3's negative aspects because having a fix for those problem areas would greatly improve the player's overall experience. Co-Op multiplayer is fine and there's some fun workshop content for that. However, with respect to PvP, Arma 3 could take a page out of Battlefield's playbook and set up something more structured and streamlined for multiplayer alongside with the system that we currently have. PvP just feels aimless and fails to deliver in the way single-player does. I'm not sure the game comes with its own PvP missions. If they exist, I haven't found them. Overall, though, I manage to keep myself entertained with the Sector Control mode playing King of the Hill. Here is where I think the game really needs improvement: a player reporting feature. We need a way to report players and ban them for outrageous conduct. Over voice chat, I hear players constantly throwing around the N-word to spew hate at the enemy team. Sometimes, they target individual minorities (on their own team) and harass them. Once, I saw some players direct very overt racism towards a black avatar. These guys were also using voice chat. Not only did they repeatedly throw the N-word at the black player, but, in addition to the N-word, they continually used all kinds of harsh racial slurs that I just can't repeat on here. Moreover, I've heard terrible things said about Mexicans, and gay people, but people say them casually, so they think it's ok. I know that dealing with trolls is part of on-line interaction, but this is out of control. I play a lot of on-line games. In fact, I play League of Legends, a game known for having some of the worst of the internet as members of its community (although it's come a long way recently). Arma 3 mulitplayer ghouls take the cake. It's a constant barrage of racism and homophobia, and it makes me feel gross if I play for too long. The game suffers from a lack of a central reporting system, and it would be greatly improved if that was implemented. Anyway, Arma 3, itself, is a good and well-made game; I just wish multiplayer was better and had a way to screen out members who engage in outrageous and verbally abusive conduct.
game-hours: 241.8
review: fun fun fun...boom shot leg is broken...8/10 would play altis life again
game-hours: 284.3
review: great game never boring
game-hours: 484.7
review: :)
game-hours: 37.7
review: Amazing game. I love the multiplayer mods like altis life, king of the hill, breaking point... and the single player missions are so damn hard i liked x) 11/10
game-hours: 228.0
review: great success! 10/10
game-hours: 353.7
review: One of my favourite games at the moment. A first person shooter that focuses on military tactical combat. The multiplayer is what really shines, with impressive mods that range from Battle Royale to NATO Patrol Ops, there's something to appease PvP and PvE players alike. Love mowing down enemy players? There's an abundance of interesting PvP modes. Prefer co-operative missions against AI enemies? There's an abundance of modes for you as well. And if you're like me and enjoy a mix of both then all the better! Arma 3 has a friendly and intelligent community too, I myself have made a crazy amount of friends on it. And with the variety given by mods and maps, there is a ridiculous amount to do and play on here. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 8.8
review: Arma 3 is the perfect driving simulator if you are a woman. If you are a man, you will hate how feminine your driving will become. Flying helicopters is just like it used to be, hilariously dangerous for everyone around you. The only problem with the game is the map. The only problem with Bohemia is understanding what optimizing means. 9/10 milky ways suck
game-hours: 81.8
review: really nice game especially with mods and custom game modes
game-hours: 16.9
review: This game is too good to pass up. the graphics are amazing when set to high and the gameplay its self is very fun
game-hours: 130.7
review: Excellent game!
game-hours: 81.9
review: Really nice Simulation game with a lot of Mod's!
game-hours: 465.7
review: You have to get this game. Addicting. Thats all. Bye.
game-hours: 140.1
review: Good game, very good "realistic military simulator game." 10/10 Would ARMA again.
game-hours: 1444.3
review: If you are a fan of a more tactical and military simulation game then Arma 3 (along with the other titles in the arma franchise, if you don't mind them being outdated graphically) is a must buy. As you can see I have been playing for quite some time, and I keep coming back for more. For me there is really no end to this game, and because there is a build in scenario editor you can create any scenarios to your hearts desire and even in the new gamemode Zeus you can create scenarios in real time with other players. Plus another great thing about this game is the mod support (granted at first there wasn't as much mods - now there seems to be more mods) which will keep this game alive for years. As an example look at both arma and arma 2 (people still play those games to this day and they do so because of the community and mods. I give this a 10/10, if you are a fan of realistic military simulation then this is the game for you and there is like others have stated infinite replayability so you cannot go wrong with getting this game.
game-hours: 441.3
review: Arma 3 is the latest game made by bohemia interactive. It is absolutly beautifull when on high graphics. Lots of possibilties for modding, *cough* arma-holic *cough*. A new mod has surfaced called Arma 3 Takistan life. Its the arma 2 taki life mod ported but it feels better. Arma 3 altis life is very good. Many servers and lots of fun to be had. as you can see from my hours on this account alone arma 3 is a very enjoyable game. Its also a very very good combat simulator. King of the hill is one of the most enjoyable. The new karts DLC is very fun to play with friends and the Zeus DLC is brilliant. Great for multiplayer missions. GET THIS GAME 9.5/10. 0.5 - waiting for my battleships ! BOHEMIA. :)
game-hours: 366.5
review: this is a great game i recommend it to all my friends. reasons why: it is fun !, many possibilities, online gameplay, many updates, cool gameplay, great campains and lot of weapons and cars. fun to play and really sweet graphics! Only one thing.... they must make more maps!! stay aswome ARMA III !!
game-hours: 1348.9
review: Arma 3 is not for the faint of heart considering you can glitch and die like tommorow, but with gamemodes like Altis Life, Wasteland, and KOTH you're guarenteed to have to fun.
game-hours: 0.9
review: This game kinda reminds me of Socom.
game-hours: 493.3
review: Hour after Hour the game can be enjoyable to an extent but with the SERIOUS lack of software support from BI-Studios the game is lackluster in how it performs compared to it's previous game. They Still since the launch of Alpha have yet to create a patch for a simplistic bug and are LAZY programmers in the least. It seems that the modding community has to pick up the slack of their terrible coding to fix not only simple coding issues but also the major areas just to be able to have good mods...... Pretty Horrible if you ask me, I would have expected ALOT more coming from BI-Studios.........
game-hours: 266.8
review: After a great amount of updates and with the new BOOTCAMP update that just recently came out, I've changed my view on Arma 3. It is an overall great game with stunning visuals, the new lighting is perfect and really made it look a lot prettier than Arma 2. More so Arma 3 has a pretty interesting campaign and it's quite enjoyable after you respawn a couple times xD. Otherwise when it comes to the mission editor then you are at the funnest part of the game. The mission editor feels more easier to use and it looks very polished and sleek. Tasks are now easier to create with the use of modules and scripting feels a lot better! Making your own customized soldiers is easier now, no longer will you have to scourge the internet for classname lists, with the all new Virtual Arsenal you can customize a loadout for any soldier you wish to have, then you can export the loadout as raw code to input into the editor or use in Zeus. Also for those of you who say Arma 3's weaponry and vehicles are completlely fictional, this is not true, only a very select few weapons/ vehicles are fictional. But nonetheless with the vast amount of addons you can make great missions and have a lot of fun! Bottom Line: The game is a good step up from Arma 2, feels slightly empty but Bohemia Interactive will fill this small gap with more content. Gameplay is fun, animations are great, vehicle physics are very nice and weaponry is very fun to use in game! 4.5/5.
game-hours: 152.7
review: good all round
game-hours: 167.8
review: So there I was.... in the middle of a TDM server... I loaded up with my favorite sniper rifle and ghille suit which was not useful in any way, and spawned in the middle of the firefight. And then what happened? 360 NO SCOPE LIKE A BAWS CoD STYLE!........ Just kidding, I died instantly. If you want a first-person/3rd-person shooter game that isn't ridiculously  and made like a Michael Bay movie, then Arma 3 is the game for you. I'm telling you, this game is one of the most realistic (if not the most) war games you will ever find out there. Battle on Atlis(Arma 3 world) takes everything into account - how much gear you're carrying and how heavy it is (because with the new "fatigue system", well trained soldiers have been transformed into chain-smokers), with sniping you have to take into account the wind speed, distance, and elevation; stealth tactics and just basic common sense. If you're the one who likes going in guns blazing with explosions everywhere expecting to get a triple kill, then you're in for a rude awakening when you try this game.
game-hours: 23.4
review: As you would expect,an amazing combat sim with lots of military toys to play with.
game-hours: 35.2
review: bad game 8/10
game-hours: 69.7
review: Altis Life is like the best RPG ever LOL
game-hours: 22.5
review: This game is broken. After a promising few minutes of playing the game continues to crash on me with no message. I've submitted reports to BI and been responded to with suggestions by BI staff, after saying the suggestions did nothing and other users joining the thread to report similar problems it would appear we are now being ignored completely by staff with no further responses on the postings. Worst thing about steam is I can't take this crappy unfinished poor excuse for a game back to the store and demand a refund.
game-hours: 0.8
review: loved it great game
game-hours: 329.9
review: cool game u should buy it =)
game-hours: 864.9
review: One of the best games in my opinion , so much to do with all the mods and diffrent game modes. 10/10 to play with friends.
game-hours: 151.9
review: As always, this still is the best military simulator in the world! ArmA keeps affascinating me for its realism. I really suggest you to buy the game if you're a "fan of war", real war. The maps are really detailed and the AI is really ! Actually, too much but there are mods that can help you resolve that problem. Anyway, if you buy this game, PLAY IT WITH A CLAN. Arma 3 really makes you cooperate with other people in order to survive and complete your mission. if you're a CoD fan, you rather change side or forget about ArmA. They are completely different, and ArmA itself is usually not liked by "shoot and run" fan boys. However, ArmA's editor allows you to create your own missions in every detail. Actually, it's not too simple making them, but with some commands and other stuff you can start making some nice missions and enjoy the game with your friends. Furthermore, there are tons of forums and people that can help you improve your editing skills providing you with commands, suggestions, and scripts. ENJOY.
game-hours: 941.1
review: This game is great for people wanting to fun a unit about military. You haft to use tactics lots of fun. But one thing about it is that haft to have a good pc to run the game.
game-hours: 401.7
review: If you enjoy military simulators, and fps then this game is for you. With the addons and packs available from the community you can turn this already very realistic and pleasurable milsim into the ultimate simulator for realistic combat situations. Visually stunning when on full settings, this latest version of Arma brings the series into the future. Bringing with it a much better optimised engine and excellent looking visuals. With a literally infinite amount of missions to complete it both single and multi player the fun literally, never ends.
game-hours: 217.7
review: Muito bom
game-hours: 114.1
review: So realistic that I die in one shot 11/10 would buy again
game-hours: 306.4
review: Best war sim around by a mile. If you want realism and flexibility, nothing comes close.
game-hours: 182.8
review: Bsta spelet
game-hours: 9.9
review: Amazing game! When I play, I feel like I am actually a part of the war!
game-hours: 82.5
review: because if you dont like arma 3 than you dont like quality.
game-hours: 142.0
review: Game goodly
game-hours: 156.3
review: Go Kart Simulater 10/10
game-hours: 206.0
review: Really REALLY fun game but it takes a certain type of gamer cause there are some bugs. But it has so much stuff you can do such as modding, RPG, Wasteland, and missions
game-hours: 40.4
review: good fun game
game-hours: 146.1
review: Miss the feel the of being a boot on the ground. This gives it back in a way, love the game so far. First time player of the game. Would recommend it to anyone who was in the military, especially grunts.
game-hours: 193.4
review: Arma 3 is a great game. Is it the best shooter? No. It does however have many features no other shooter offers. The ability to switch views is neat, but the real difference is gun positions. To prone, kneeling, leaning on that fence, rolling on your side, high and low ready with slung. If this game had the money of BF4 or CoD it would blow them out of the water. Team coms and work mixed with the pure massive size of the maps work well. The other large draw is the mods. Where else can I cook meth, have a shootout, steal a helicopter, get away. Then take out the herion dealers with the helicopter. Lose it in the fight and be gunned down after running 2 miles trough a mountain trying to avoid a manhunt. Almost anything or scenario that is avaiable IRL can be set up in here. There are some downpoints like bugs and glitches, but no major ones. Some nights are an effort in frustraion while trying to get geared up, then killed soon as you do. Best when played with friends.
game-hours: 12.2
review: Cant play more than 5 minutes without a DXGI_DEVICE_REMOVED_ERROR displaying, a problem that is shared by many users. There is no clear solution to the problem on ANY forum and Bohemia have basically said it isnt their problem. I Have tried everything from re-installing to rolling back drivers, updating and lowering graphics. Be very wary, I spent 39.99 on it and due to steams policy, I wont be getting it back!
game-hours: 37.1
review: if you like arma 2... THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!!!!
game-hours: 38.5
review: Amazing graphics, fun gametypes, great community.
game-hours: 524.8
review: If you like playing games that are really realistic, then Arma 3 is for you. ... Thats it. ... I dont wanna type more... ... BUY ARMA 3 YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT!!
game-hours: 76.8
review: Great Simulator... I would recommend before playing this game to play other games to get familiar with Combat controls.. GREAT GAME!
game-hours: 431.2
review: Finally a game worth spending my hard earned $60 on. A fun game! Hate it when I take a bullet in the head, But hey, thats realism!
game-hours: 36.0
review: Recommended, really fun and completly enjoyable game! Better buy while its played :D
game-hours: 245.9
review: tbh this game is 2 good 4 me i have to take time to remind myself that this game is a game and not irl
game-hours: 70.5
review: Amazing game! Very fun and tactically impressive. Best tactical shooter there is to date!
game-hours: 185.6
review: pretty gud
game-hours: 38.5
review: Love the game!. Havent had as much fun playing a game as I have this one in a long time. The multiplayer mod servers are where you will have the most fun at!.
game-hours: 17.5
review: COOL :D
game-hours: 22.4
review: Excellent combat simulator, the game is much better with a squad and you can achieve a lot more within the game. !!!GAME IS NOT MADE FOR SLOW PC'S CHECK THE REQUIREMENTS!!! 7/10
game-hours: 16.9
review: Arma 3 is a fun game to play with friends if you dont have anyone to play with its not gunna be that fun but its a great game but only one thing i dont get why did they have to make the controlles so weird i mean why but besides that its a great game
game-hours: 407.8
review: Really Good game, i recommend it to anyone who enjoys teamplay. Note: it is hard to understand the game at first, however later on, ones you understood the game it is really enjoyable.
game-hours: 158.4
review: If you like your Military Sims this has to be the Daddy! also add mods to your game and obtain even more playability. one game i will recommend to anyone.
game-hours: 41.2
review: Brilliant Game But Be Sure To Buy It On  As It's Really To Exspensive For What You Get. What You Do get Is A Brilliant Campaign, Top Of The Line Graphics. Weapons, Sounds, Vehicles And The Map Are Very Well Done! Multiplayer Is Fun And Easy To Make Friends On E.G (Altis Life) Workshop Includes A Ton Of Content And Mod Support Is Crazy Into-Depth. I Get Lost In The Maps They're That Big. However, This Game Is Hard To Run Making Expensive Graphics Cards Seem Like Your Entry Cards, That May Be A Beta Thing But You Definatly Wont Have 60 FPS Unless You Have A GTX Titan. Overall I Reccomend This Game 8/10 Hours Of Fun
game-hours: 353.0
review: i enjoy how tactical it is. its a really fun game. cant get enough.
game-hours: 106.6
review: This game is an AMAZING follow up to the second ARMA. A HUGE graphical improvemet, UI Changes, And weirder keys Replacing Inventory with Gernade, Yeah that was fun to find out... Another thing that makes this game amazing is the Steam Workshop, It adds, Litteraly, HUNDREDS of mods, missions and just fun things to do!
game-hours: 189.9
review: Dont believe the neckbeards saying its a military simulator. Its immersive to an extent, but a mid level CoD player could drop in with no problem. you see guys you shoot guys. The difference being there 500 meters away in tanks with thermal vision.
game-hours: 136.7
review: When i played this for the weekend it was free, i automatically wanted this game. it has great graphics (so long as you can handle them) and there are many different things to play to Arma 3. Much like Arma 2, there is Wasteland (basically a sandbox part where you can go on 3 different teams Blufor, Opfor, or independent. and you can collect weapon crates, get vehicles, and do missions). There is a mission called Altis life (if you dont know what it is, then you must look it up on youtube). There is also another mission, this one im not sure if it was on Arma 2, but it doesnt seem like it. This one is called King of the Hill. This game mode and 3 different teams fighting for one objective as the biggest firefight you will ever have. I've never played it myself but my friends who own this game tell me its a very fun, and addicting game mode. So i recommend this game to anyone who likes games like Arma 3.
game-hours: 93.2
review: Bohemia has again come out with a great military simulation product. However, the game does have glitches and is using what some consider as an outdated engine. The game is CPU intensive, and still provides vivid graphics and an in depth user experience. I would recomend the game to anyone that would like a challange. Furthermore, the community for this game does a great job of providing mods which inhance features that Bohemia may have missed or ignored. Pros: Great game, Provides a level of difficulty not seen in other FPS, Requires teamwork, Huge map, Many... Many.. Many unit types and vehicles, huge community, Beautiful graphics. Cons: The game is too difficult for some, the engine seems bumpy at times and makes the multiplayer experience frustrating at times (this does not happen all to often however) i would give it an 8 / 10 or possibly a 9 / 10 (with mods)
game-hours: 34.8
review: B.E.A.U.T.I.F.U.L ! 10/10
game-hours: 1061.0
review: You can be a rabbit 10/10
game-hours: 131.0
review: Great game! loved altis life :)
game-hours: 650.9
review: One of the best games ever. Miss some AR plataform BUT, awesome game.
game-hours: 24.7
review: Awesome and a must buy if ur a fan or Arma games,nough said.
game-hours: 163.1
review: you like war games? and be tactical ? you will love this!
game-hours: 7.7
review: This game was super intense...but spent literally 0 minutes teaching you how to play. Get ready to spend long hours figuring out the most basic of things, like how to transfer items from one back pack to another, or how to walk slowly instead of running so you don't run out of energy, or how to aim correctly, because there really isn't anything that shows you how to do that. Right now, after having blown a day playing this game I am, literally, hands down, the most frustrated I think I've ever been with any game I've ever played in my life. There are a bunch of online guides, but they're limited, not very good, and they're for the more complicated aspects of the game. There's a "bootcamp" section that tells you nothing of what you need to know, and is completely unhelpful to the novice player. I've played tons of shooter games, and I've been a big fan of FPS titles my whole life, but I've never been more upset than I am with this game. It's completely unintuitive, and is as klunky as it is possible to be. Some of the controls involve pressing multiple buttons at once, which is really inconvenient if you're trying to play a shooter. Some of the controls involve pressing the same buttons as other controls, but in a different way so as to get a different result. The campaign is unplayable, because they don't show you how to do any of the things you have to do to succeed even on the easiest setting. I just got finished failing the campaign again, because I couldn't get the stupid UAV to deploy, because I don't know how, and there's nothing that tells you how to. They're is a tutorial on how to use them, but if you can't transfer the items to your pack correctly, you can't start using it, and in addition to that, they give you a limited amount of time and no clues as to where the bad guys are hiding. I'm all for realism, but this borders on insanity. This game expects you to already be a Navy Seal, and doesn't teach you to become one. If you haven't spent hours playing previous Arma titles, I really can't recommend this one. If you want a fun modern warfare game, I'd have to suggest you go with Battlefield 4, as this one really has nothing to offer other than "realism," which ends up being annoying. I've heard the mods are nice, but I can't figure out how to do anything, much less play them. I'm going to keep playing it, but if it was possible to get my 60 bucks back, and lose the game, I definitely would. 60 dollars out the window. That's 6 cheap pizzas I could have bought instead.
game-hours: 413.6
review: Fix your game crashing on multiplayer. I would like to be able to play a game I paid for that worked perfectly before the last update. I have sent numerous reports to support, feedback, and havent heard anything. I know Im not the only one having this issue, if your company would just read the forums.
game-hours: 25.3
review: OH fk.... GRAPHICS SOOO GOOOOOOOOOOD
game-hours: 27.1
review: First arma game ive owned along with great frist impressions.
game-hours: 1449.1
review: absolutely epic do what you want how you want, whether that be a tightly controlled mission a la other modern shooters or a massive open sandbox with an unlimited ammo box and hundreds of bots. or make it PvP or RPG the missions are out there and are all great fun.
game-hours: 383.7
review: Sooooooooooo cool.
game-hours: 27.8
review: Great game, just too bad my pc cant run it :P
game-hours: 125.8
review: amazing game should try to add the stuff from this in to dayz. but this game is the best i have ever played on pc and i have almost considered play for a living
game-hours: 49.5
review: The best arma game i'v played, it has beutiful graphics, great gameplay, and good addon. If you are looking for a game like battlefield or Call of duty this game is not for you it a lot more realistic than those two, so you actually have to plan how to carry on a mission and watch what you carry, sound not fun but once figure out how to play it's really fun i totally recomend it.
game-hours: 836.7
review: its far by the best FPS i have ever played!
game-hours: 1079.4
review: Amazing game, personally I think altis life the rpg is the best
game-hours: 19.8
review: :)
game-hours: 14.9
review: Best Walking Cross Country Simulator 2014, also has speed up function.
game-hours: 39.6
review: If you liked ArmA 2, even just a tiny bit, you will love this game!
game-hours: 87.1
review: awesome game! recommend to any shooter fan!
game-hours: 16.3
review: Arma 3 is the perfect military simulator for any sort of tactical training. Bullet drop physics are nice, could have wind resistance added however.
game-hours: 208.3
review: great game had loads of fun
game-hours: 138.1
review: Probably the best military survival simulator available, can't wait for some of the awesome looking mods to be released.
game-hours: 300.5
review: damn good isnt it, beside the horrible fps issues.
game-hours: 13.7
review: Get in an ifrit as the gunner, driver going 120km/h, you shoot a  in a drive-by. A MBT spots you, fires the main gun, misses by meer feet, you bugger off, five minutes later he appears again, kills you first shot, you respawn, find a rocket launcher, wait in a bush for a few minutes, he shows up, you get your revenge, blow up a building with your remaining rockets, get sniped by a guy with the 12.7mm from over a kilometer away. respawn, get your own sniper rifle and counter snipe, random enemy infantryman shows up and shoots you in the back, get in a helicopter and   up, shot down by AA, get artillary and waste the prick, get TK'd by some ing ten year old wanting a turn in the artillary, revenge.....several times.....go as infantry, house to house, a strider with a gmg finds you and chases you all through a neighbourhood, you manage to escape, set a trap for him, get sniped again by an amazing shot, get a go-kart (if you can), chase down the sniper and take his spot. 10/10
game-hours: 265.9
review: Get it now.
game-hours: 11.9
review: Ich bin grafisch ein wenig enttuscht von ARMA III, aber die vielen Mods machen das wieder wett. Ales in allem okay, aber nicht fr mehr als 20,-
game-hours: 134.3
review: Most Realistic ArmA so far. Highly reccomended, especialy since ive put 126 hours into it and dont intend to stop there.
game-hours: 246.7
review: Great Military simulator. One of the best I have ever played. Recommend it if you want to be challenged!
game-hours: 182.4
review: KIva fps / stradegia peli. TM EI OLE MIK  SIMULAATIO PRKL! Paitsi jos palkkaatte pelkstn parkinssonista krsivi sotilaita...kyll vapinaaa.......ja vhn apinaa...sek fps ongelmia top of the line korppuasemalla.
game-hours: 306.5
review: Great milsim, good ballistics, powerful editor, endless replayability, this game has it all. With the new DLCs coming out this game will only get better. The only thing I could complain about is the AI. They are a bit overpowered. However, the multiplayer makes up for it. I really recommend Samatra's King of the Hill. Even with all this, I suggest you pick this up while it's on sale. If you ask me, it's a little expensive for what it has to offer.
game-hours: 400.4
review: Love it
game-hours: 287.6
review: Arma 3 is by far one of the best or even the best game I have played in my entire life. Not only is the engine fantastic but the graphics are out of this world. The campaign was written in the most euphoric way possible and the amount of fun to be had on multiplayer is endless. Also the mods which are out for Arma 3 are great compared to other games. My favourite aspect about Arma 3 is how it is so diverse that every type of gamer will find something they love. 6 stars!
game-hours: 6.4
review: Love this game
game-hours: 13.9
review: THIS GAME IS AWESOME WHEN U PLAY ON ATIS LIFE SERVERS
game-hours: 920.5
review: For me personally Arma 3 is the game i love to play te most, weather i'm attacking a squad and battling in Wasteland or fighting for kavala in King of the hill or my personal favorite role playing in Altis Life theres a community for everyone and this makes Arma 3 the game it is. Its more than just a war simulator it's been made into a game where you can play with friends and still have a relexed fun and enjoyable experience for everyone and for the hardcore shooters out there there is still the intnsity of battle for you guys too! To conclude id strongly reccomend this game and it is seriously worth checking out!
game-hours: 37.7
review: I love this game, nice quality and cool AI. but i haven't seen any gamemode where people can fight (in vehicles) against each other.
game-hours: 265.1
review: This game is action-packed, but filled with humorous moments. Great for anyone who likes simulations, fps, and strategy.
game-hours: 747.3
review: best game ever
game-hours: 12.6
review: If you like realistic army games, this game is for you!
game-hours: 90.9
review: Beautiful, probably the most realistic militarian simulator to date. Got shot once in a certain spot, and you're dead. lots of wandering, plenty of challanges, just an over all fun game if you take the day to figure out how to play it. Does take time to figure all that out though, nothing like Battlefield. Can be a lengthy play at times.
game-hours: 32.5
review: 10/10 my erection gets bigger as I play
game-hours: 1186.8
review: I started playing Arma 3 recently, just getting involved in single player - absolutely awesome experience and great immersion. My friend told me about a mod called Battle Royale, where players pit themselves against each other and the last one surviving wins, gives you a great buzz knowing you can lose the competition at any moment in time. There's lots more mods including King of the Hill, Breaking Point & Mission files that you don't need to fuss about to play with so you get addicted to Altis Life just like me!
game-hours: 24.0
review: !
game-hours: 646.1
review: nothing beats popping a tire on a road sign and having to walk 10km to the nearest repair kit +1
game-hours: 216.9
review: Exceptional game. Not your typical shooter. The main campaign is long and immersive with twists and turns that I would have never expected. This game makes it impossible to rush directly into battle, spray and pray, and come out alive. You have to be calculative and tactical with your decisions and movements, or someone is surely going to die. Unlike in other shooters, the AI adapts to the changing environment around them and is truly a challenge to take on in even a small firefight. 10/10 HIGHLY recommend.
game-hours: 672.0
review: Death Simulator 2013.
game-hours: 98.0
review: Plin de fusil tres pow pow
game-hours: 468.7
review: Ok so I say yes to recommending this game. ONLY for multiplayer, the campaign is WAY too hard for anyone to possiblly imagine. Enemy AI snipers shoot you through walls from nearly a klick away. They spot you through rocks, mountains, houses, cars, tanks, and everythying on gods green Earth. I dumbed down the game difficulty (as an Arma Veteran since OFP I am sad to say that) as far as it goes and I still have died at least 10-15 times on EVERY mission. Right now I'm stuck on "Bingo Fuel". I have been trying and trying and trying for at least 3 days now. Now here is the biggest kicker that really just boils my blood. Enemy AI are like super ultra tier 1 delta force recon SEAL Spetnaz operators, and your teammates AI are dumber than a box of rocks. They wont find cover, they just stand in the middle of the open. Another thing, it took me a FULL MAG of 7.62 to take down an enemy AI, and these were all head shots. However you get shot in the toe by an enemy and you are (and I mean this) DEAD. I have seen AI teleport to a "better position". That really doesn't bother me if they weren't TPing to the room im literally in. There is no stealth aspect to the game even though there is a quick command that lets me tell my guys to be stealthy, it comes up you can read it. But you can't choose that option. For Campaign? I give this a 2/10 (until BI fixes this SEVERE hacker like aimbot AI), and for Multiplayer? An 8/10 because to much BS gets you killed. Earlier I put a 40mm grenade into another players face in KOTH (King of the hill). He then quickly prompted to turn around take aim and blast me. Some of the tanks can take 25 DAR missles from an Orca and still be completely functional.
game-hours: 465.8
review: unless there is no onther gome like this so you guys gonna get it. but i don't get why the programmers are not so interested in making a game which is playable..
game-hours: 46.3
review: Meh not many call of duty set peicses
game-hours: 15.2
review: So I cant join hardly any servers. I can join some wasteland and altis life but when i try joining battleroyale it will not let me join. I have the arma 3 kart dlc. most servers also have a yellow question mark on them, not sure what it means. I bought arma for the multiplayer. Really upset it costed $60 and I cant even enjoy the best part about the game. the campaign only lasted a couple hours. The AI will sometimes insant headshot you from across the entire island randomly, ruining the experience of the game. Commanding your squad is so frustrating at times too. Alot of things in this game are just not worth the money. very dissapointed. If you know how to fix the server issue please reply!
game-hours: 49.8
review: AMAZING i just wish i was better
game-hours: 7.7
review: yes i would recommend this game
game-hours: 0.5
review: 2laggy4me,but good game
game-hours: 412.6
review: One of the best games out there ! With the amount of missions / mods out there.. the game will never end. Alphas.se - Swedish Gaming Community SERVER 1: Name: /\ | Alphas.se - HighFPS - PlayerSave Mission: A3Wasteland Address: 79.136.43.131 Port: 2302 SERVER 2: Name: /\ | Alphas.se - Swedish Community - Domination Mission: Domination GITS Address: 79.136.43.131 Port: 2314
game-hours: 980.9
review: THE BEST MIL SIM YOU CAN BUY!!
game-hours: 145.6
review: While the game may be buggy and doesn't have as much content as ARMA 2, this game is still brilliant the campaign is quite good and the multiplayer has multiple different modes from Altis Life for those who like RPG games to the various MSOs that the hardcore realists play on it has something for everyone especaly with the workshop intigration
game-hours: 7.6
review: i playd arma 2 then i died and the i called my friend dave and then
game-hours: 106.6
review: Lacks the Warfare gamemode which I thought was an important part of Arma History, otherwise its a good game.
game-hours: 16.3
review: rIDICULOUSLY CHALLENGING ai AND A SOLID MULTIPLAYER SETUP.
game-hours: 231.3
review: This review is mostly on the vanilla version or the base game you buy. I say mostly because I recently started playing with the agm mod. Anyhoo... Arma 3 is a great game in my opinion. It is nothing like the general populations idea of a first person shooter (fast-pace, best connection required, twitchy shoot each other). This game actually requires you to think and try and stuff. You have to try to out think and out strategize your enemy. If I had to choose this or Arma 2 OA strictly on gameplay, I would chose this hands down. Now with every game there are a few things that could be changed. In the vanilla Arma 3 those things are AI that can snipe using only a red dot sight, the small amount of guns, small amount of vehicles, and your friendly AI skipped the week in basic training where they learned to listen to their CO. The thing about all arma games is that they are easily moddable. So all of these problems have been addressed with mods. Overall I would give this game an 8/10. It is extremely fun to play coop missions with your friends along with things like Wasteland and Altis Life. I haven't played breaking point at the time of this review, The Arma 2 dayz epoch mod has pretty much kept me satisfied with zombies.
game-hours: 267.0
review: Pilot Jumpsuit Army vs. Iranians From Outer Space. And some greek guys that suck.
game-hours: 13.6
review: Dont recommend this game . The most boring singleplayer from this kind of games . Singleplayer is like : walking , walking , running , and then killing 5 enemy and again walking walking . I wouldnt pay even 5 $ for this game if i know what it is . Also multiplayer isnt anything awesome . This game has a lot of graphic problems 3/10
game-hours: 330.8
review: The game was at times better than the second part, but there were still some bugs and not dachety. But the game is still very cool))
game-hours: 955.8
review: Best experience, love it :)
game-hours: 19.6
review: Very good game and love it even more with the mods that I have put on it
game-hours: 170.8
review: Very good in Rp mode 7.5/10
game-hours: 128.2
review: Worst game I ever played. I love it. 8/10
game-hours: 30.0
review: awsome game! REALLY immersive :D
game-hours: 421.4
review: Epic game.
game-hours: 100.7
review: My friends and I got on one night and spawned in to find our side had just purchased a GhostHawk. We link up with thier squad and go around taking various points and doing the missions for hours. I managed to scrap up enough cash to buy my pref setup: A DMR style sniper( like the quick shots vs the high stopping power) with a thermal scope and suppressor. Had my ghillie OC and was ready to stalk a mofo. After awhile and a quick fire fight at the Altis airport most of the squad got off, including the ones who bought the chopper. They gave it to us with me at the reigns and off we went. We continued for awhile taking points and objectives when we caught a stray bullet. No big deal I thought. The ENG light went from yellow to orange and I thought to myself better land and repair it. We had several Repair Specialists in our squad still including myself. So i find a clearing in a valley and begin to sit it down. Hell broke loose. In third person about 50ft from the ground the left side of the helicopter erupts into sparks as tracer rounds rip through the chopper. The ENG goes red. The rotor goes red. The intrument panel cuts out completely. I slam the chopper into the ground and we jump out. Luckily their was plenty of cover landing only several feet from a bunch of rocks(not as intended) and we split up. At this point, its dark. Like, dark dark. Everyone is asking where are they!?!? I whip out the DMR with my thermal and scan in that general direction. There's at least 15-20 as they are scattering all over. AI's none the less but for those of you that have never played Arma, the AI's are often more deadly than the player, when they can see you. I instantly start popping off shots. At this range of about >100m they drop like flies, although the DMR doesnt have the stopping power of most single shot rifles the 7.62mm round is plenty enough. The enemies instantly drop to the ground and start crawling towards cover. My sqaud still yelling where are they and all I can do is scream HOLD ON right back. DONT MOVE. None of the enemy has night vision. Another perk to the realism of Arma is the details. If an enemy has NVG, you can see them. I precisely take out the rest of them one by one. We repair the chopper(not quite as easy as a simple reapir but thats a story all to itself lol) and off we go. The thing is though. You had to be there. You have to experience unscripted scenarios like this for youself. The best part about the entire thing was the atmosphere. They couldnt see us bc they didn't have night vision, but that wasnt the only thing. The blades of the chopper were still spinning as these events unfolded, kicking up dust to the point that you couldn't see even with NVG. The thermal I equipped was perfect for this situation. Also, with the suppresor, they had no sound nor muzzle flash to alert them to my postion. Even though I had other squadmates, none of them fired their weapon. The enemy, although AI, had absolutely nothing to go off of to help them. Situations like this, this exactly, are what makes Arma so special. We're talking scripted perfection in a completely unscripted game. We just so happened to fly over the wrong valley. I just so happened to equip what I had. You don't think about things like this when its all laid out for you in a single player campaign. THIS is what makes Arma so special. Do I recommend this game?!?! ing absolutely.
game-hours: 28.0
review: Best arma game yet. The breaking point mod is fantastic. a lot better than dayz
game-hours: 287.8
review: The game itself is good, the multiplayer is difficult to get used to but it is insane. The only real problem with it is that the people who run the servers are all 13 year olds who have these little things called "server rules" which usually pertain to "if you run someone over, SERVER BAN. If you kill someone outside a red circle, SERVER BAN. If you do anything fun that can make another person mad, SERVER BAN." In other words, this is NOT DayZ where you could torture people. HOWEVER- highly enjoyable game.
game-hours: 22.7
review: I want this
game-hours: 219.3
review: I was on a life rp server. I was asking people for help until someone said on chat "meet me at kavala square and we can team and I will give you $2,000". it sounded nice. So i met him and he had camo with a full body covered gear and a pimped out assault rifle. He looked beast. Next thing i know it he hits me and i am on the ground trying to move. After a minute he disapears and when i stand up the writing on my screen says missing kidney. Now my whole screen was pulsing red and i was scared. The i got a message telling me to put my hands on my head. I did that. Then an ambulance cam with its lights. The paramedic came out and fixed me up and asked me what happened. while i was telling him a random guy comes out of no where asking what happened. Two minutes later of explanation the guy that stole my kidney knocked that random guy to the ground and took his kidney. the paramedic and i ran. the paramedic hid and i was running in circles. after the random guy died the kidney man came running after me yelling "stop and give me your kidney. I wont kill you unless you stop". i yelled back "screw you, you freak". after minutes of running he saw the paramedic and ran after him. while all of this was happening i hid in a building. after minutes of yelling i told him i will give him my kidney but he cant kill me. Then i accidently fell of the 2nd floor and died. i then respawned and continued life.
game-hours: 274.7
review: Love this game Id love to see some dlc for SASR or Commandos! i recomend this to all my mates!
game-hours: 208.5
review: Tirando o famoso problema da serie Arma o Desync o jogo  muito divertido porem mau "polido" pq o fps  baixo em computadores com desempenho bom como o meu
game-hours: 89.5
review: love this game.. enjoyed many hours so far hopeful many more in the future
game-hours: 497.8
review: Desyncs a
game-hours: 43.2
review: Very good game hours of fun on altis life
game-hours: 567.4
review: I liek it alot. It is fun :)
game-hours: 163.7
review: GOOD GAME!
game-hours: 224.8
review: Good Game yes it is headed in the wrong direction however because it is going down the same track as most MMOG's they are asking to much Money for the Simple things in the game that should be part of the game for free not to long a go it cost $90 or so for any game and you had funn for a long time now the greedy bean counters want it all killing the gaming industry and making it for the rich in most cases not all cases the not so well to do games do not cost much the top end stuff costs to much.
game-hours: 22.3
review: Deep Engine, challenging gameplay, unique story, Kickass guns. i officially love this game
game-hours: 112.9
review: yes
game-hours: 341.1
review: Decided out of the blue to finally buy... did not regret, only a few hours on a multiplayer KoTH and I enjoyed myself. Great game like Arma2 and OA was plus more features, can't wait to see DayZ mod here. Furthermore I'm running on a laptop, preformed well enough
game-hours: 125.7
review: absolutley amazing some bugs but they arent noticable u may need a decent computer/laptop 2 run it comes with a sandbox editor mode fun as
game-hours: 122.0
review: LIFE MODS
game-hours: 1293.2
review: Great game to play, Strongly suggested to play with a clan for best experience
game-hours: 257.9
review: Good game because it has such a big modding community that its like buying few games in price of one :D Arma 3 is best army simulation there is ( even real army use it for training ) This is not your BF COD CS typical shootout.... Most popular mods/missions: Altis life - mission ( Role playing game as civ, police or terroists ) Breaking point - mod ( similar to DayZ mod ) Wastelands - mission ( similar to DayZ mod but more focused to team warfare or lone wolf ) Battle Royale - mod ( aka hunger games, high paced action with TONS of adrenaline :D ) hint: for mods you need to download them externly (there is tons of launchers that do all the downloading/installing work for you.) for missions all you have to do is find the server and connect, it will auto download small stuff... (type altis in server filter to find altis servers or wasteland etc) etc this is just example :D
game-hours: 308.7
review: best game i ever played
game-hours: 1032.8
review: ARMA III is one of my favorite games on Steam it is excellent on so many levels I can spend hours listing the positive aspects of this game. Yet instead I've broken down my review in a format that is quick, simple, and easy to understand. PROS: Excellent combat simulation. Amazing graphics. Tons of modifications. Vehicles. Wonderful community. First person/Third person enabled. Many different multiplayer game modes. Ability to host your own private server. Server hosting available if you want to host a "big" server. CONS: None. Rating: 10/10
game-hours: 282.3
review: Best of it's kind! Still a bit buggy but great fun and everything is possible! :D
game-hours: 76.6
review: It reminds me of games with guns. It is a good game with guns.
game-hours: 182.2
review: I played the game for 3 days I loved it, It was by far the best game I have ever played
game-hours: 380.8
review: FIX DAT GAME!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 101.2
review: 10/10, I've only had this game for a few days now and I have accoplished so much. Reason being is because there is so much to do! Countless hours of fun.
game-hours: 140.1
review: Amzing if you have other people to play with, the friendly AI is terrable dont expect to get anywhere with them.
game-hours: 655.6
review: It is a great game for people who like to play games that challenge them not just mentally but phsically becuase it is really addicting to people who like realistic combat and fight where there is bullet drop and hardcore gaming.
game-hours: 504.4
review: You can Call this game a war
game-hours: 78.6
review: Great gameplay, greath graphics and tactical combat. Love it!
game-hours: 17.0
review: I've been a fan of the ArmA series back before it was the ArmA series. Starting with Operation Flashpoint: Cold War Crisis I was sold on this series and have been a die hard fan ever since. The ArmA series has always been more than the sum of its parts. The ability to create through the Robust editor virtually any sort of engagement scenario you want and then play that scenario against other players or with them in coop is not anything you can find in any other milsim out there. -And make no mistake ArmA is a milsim. If you haven't tried out this series but like the idea of being able to immerse yourself in a combat experience without long nights of firewatch while hotboxing a pack and a half of malboros then give it a go.
game-hours: 408.1
review: Recommened because it is the only games like, well... itself. However due to it having no competition Bohemia doesn't have a reason to go above and beyond: Pros: Only good military simulator Large community, however dues to the life mods, which to the arise of the life mods, hav become flooded with kids who aren't eve in highschool. Great Grahpics Cons Lack of content- most of the vehicles of apposing factions are just reskined to have different camo: Ex. The Scorcher(NATO) and Sochor(CSAT) have the same model and specs but have different camo Poor Optimiztion of graphics- while the graphics are good the optimization is VERY subpar. Being Infantry- While the gunplay is highly realistic, AI hold to much of an advantage as they have overly accurate recoil and sway compensation, as a soldier it it very difficult to hit your target with most weapons while AI can hit you with ease. Being Infantry Part 2- The fatigue values are ridiculous, this is a game so when you cant run for 60 seconds straight with a tiny backback and a carbine then being an infantry, and even some people I play with who were/are in the military say that the fatigue values are ridiculous. While fatigue does need to be an important factor in any situation it need sot be dialed down.... alot. And finally AI. In this game AI are better than you at EVERYTHING except communication though I suppose this might be to forcefully enable players to work together so I can't complain to much on this topic.
game-hours: 278.7
review: I love this sexy beast of awesomness fun
game-hours: 1.6
review: controls are way too  but the game is ok
game-hours: 12.4
review: I need 1.28 update steam is on auto update , no update available for me . I cant play mp . love the game sucks to be me
game-hours: 27.9
review: CHEEEEEEEEEEMISTRYYY
game-hours: 661.6
review: The broadest and most comprehesive military shooter available. If your willing to learn the possibilities of what kind of mission you create are endless. There are a few bugs but nothing is as open or accessable as far as doing what you would like how you would like. No handholding, and no invisible walls. This is a Proper PC game, minimal priofit milking compared to EA, or Activision. Unfettered and not locked down. You want to LAN, you can LAN, no peer to peer served limited to 4 or 2 coop games, no locked server files. Play with who you want when you want You want to make your own campaign, go for it. You want to make a mission type, go for it. You want to model a specific vehicle or weapon, its daunting but go for it. Theres bugs, and valid complaints that haven't been fixed like in any series, but this is the most consistently dev supported series available, I think Arrowhead is still receiving updates. You won't see that from DICE or any of the other big devs around. For utilizing the PC as its meant to be utilized alone, Bohemia Interactive should get your dollars. As far as gameplay goes think a smoother swat 4, with less emphasis on CQB.
game-hours: 42.3
review: ,
game-hours: 82.9
review: good games also if still in alpha with a big potential to became one of the best ever
game-hours: 260.9
review: Rad
game-hours: 366.4
review: Good wholesome fun for the whole family!
game-hours: 1217.7
review: Defiently get t great graphics, gameplay and editor amd improved realism
game-hours: 165.4
review: this is the greatest game in the world my only complaint is I cant seem to get passed the part where you shoot your instructor in the head during the training mission
game-hours: 73.9
review: I love this game. And if you ever enjoyed Arma 2 at all, even with all of the little annoyances that came with it, i can guarantee you will enjoy Arma 3.
game-hours: 11.1
review: First off this war simulator for me is probably the best.The graphics are great even set to the highest setting.I personally have found no game problems which is great.I have five of the ARMA game series and ARMA3 and ARMA2 are my favorite.I hope in the future they make ARMA4.
game-hours: 472.9
review: Best realistic shooter of all time.
game-hours: 722.9
review: The definition of a military themed sandbox game. Part of a franchise that has been going strong since 2001, I have no doubt this newest installment will provide me and many others with countless hours of pure unadulterated fun!
game-hours: 186.0
review: shoot man with bird friend
game-hours: 82.9
review: Best hat trading simulator around. Let your kleptomania flow.
game-hours: 7.5
review: Timeraider's Review Time: Arma 3 3d shooter/war simulator Gamplay: 7.5/10 Graphics: 9/10 Performance: 6/10 Problems/bugs/glitches: 9/10 Storyline: -/10 Emotional attachment/ general immersion: 6/10 General score: 7/10 Additional comments: Low-action, highly-tactical shooter. Best played with friends as the singleplayer options are very very lacking aside from tutorials. At the time of this review the performance is not good, though the graphics are great if your pc can handle it. Some people might like the tactical manouvres, big maps and fun objectives .. some might hate it because of the slow pace and lack of action that tends to happen due to earlier named features. Storyline says - due to it ofcourse not having one.
game-hours: 320.1
review: Outstanding, my all time favourite military game. Its great especially online.
game-hours: 450.9
review: Must Buy!!!
game-hours: 397.1
review: ArmA rating as a game-6/10 ArmA rating as a sandbox-11/10
game-hours: 75.0
review: guy crashed in my car thought i was going to be totaled in battle royale his ar blew up instead god bless amurica!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 166.2
review: asfadgdag
game-hours: 310.7
review: Ive played many hours on this game... and the singleplayer sucks... the only thing that kept my hopes alive was the multiplayer. And my hope. Is still in this franchise
game-hours: 87.3
review: Great game , fun as hell - multiplayer is a blast
game-hours: 1831.6
review: i like arma3 very awesome !
game-hours: 47.1
review: If you are the guy who love Act of valor, Black Hawk down or Lone survivor kinda movies, then this game is for you!
game-hours: 21.1
review: 2D 8bit platformer, good game. 10/10
game-hours: 277.7
review: Arma is a great game. There is so many game modes it is like 20 games in one. King of the hill sort reminds me of Battlefiled and altis life is obviously GTA. It also has a great well made missions. I got this game from watching videos on wasteland and already played wasteland in arma 2 I thought I must have this game. You love the way you look... I guarantee it
game-hours: 237.6
review: I bought it on sale. It's a little cluncky, but I am actually rather enjoying some of the custom missions and mods. So buy it for the mods, rather than the Campaign and you're all good
game-hours: 1647.0
review: When I first got this game I thought all I was going to do was play the campain but now I have desovered the great buety of role play and waste land two very differant types of gameplay yet both made by fans inspired by this game. so i would give this game a thumbs up
game-hours: 234.8
review: Get some friends  around what else could you do in a war sim. I first have to say after playing some time on this game that it is won the 10/10 for me the sounds graphics gameplay i have nothign else to say that the face you can get in with friends and kick bad guy  together is the best its a way to pass time. Msi give it a 10/10!
game-hours: 391.3
review: sweet.
game-hours: 49.8
review: its arma. if youve played arma 2 you know what your getting.
game-hours: 171.1
review: its pretty its great and you get super mega frustrated when you die. alot of fun super steep learning curv beware! arma 2 vets will have a blast and so will any FPS fan its a very emersive game play and very rewarding experience wether you are flying a squad to and from the hot zone or running around as a medic and saving lives its a blast once you learn the gameplay youll just keep coming back 8 thumbs up out of 10
game-hours: 2293.3
review: u know a game is bad azz if it's ALPHA out ranks other games on there 3rd DLC.
game-hours: 278.9
review: one of the best game ever made 10/10
game-hours: 85.9
review: Arma 3 will kick any COD or BF player straight in the privates if you try any of that "Run and Gun" BS. From being a long time Battlefield fan from PS3 to PC, Arma was a change of pace for me. I got sucked into DayZ for Arma 2 and never turned back. When I saw Arma 3 coming out I knew I had to pick it up, Better Graphics, Gameplay, Map, just better everything. Some do say that the parralax on the ground is annoying or the way the clouds spin with you a certian way but in all honesty, the game is some of the most fun ive had with a hyper-realistic military sandbox. Very well made besides a few bugs but thats something that just kinda comes with a game of this size.
game-hours: 476.4
review: Delivers one of the best rp servers.
game-hours: 98.0
review: Besides the lights shining through mountains, this game is epic. By far one of the best sandbox simulators i have ever come accross. So much smoother than Arma 2, Arma 3 has the ability to make you forget you are in a game.
game-hours: 167.8
review: Unoptimised.
game-hours: 615.8
review: All my hours are on altislife and this game is so fun. you need to buy it
game-hours: 909.2
review: Great game, well worth the money I paid for it. I would recommend this game to every one of my friends...
game-hours: 395.5
review: EXELLENT I LOVE ALTIS LIFE!
game-hours: 40.0
review: me want
game-hours: 44.4
review: Trained combat operators with the cardio of obese 3rd graders. 11/10.
game-hours: 174.4
review: Best game NA. Like get this game it will change your life, it has an awesome military simulation. :D
game-hours: 1334.7
review: Best Game EVER!!! Awesome game if you are into military stradegy and operations. There are so many features to the game and a lot of realism. It is easy to learn how to use the editor to create you own custom missions. YouTube is loaded with tutorials (I would recommend watching videos made by "Jester" He does a great job explaining and demonstrating how to use the editor etc.)! TIP: You can even set the skill level of the enemy and your troops! Hours of fun and exciting challenges learning all the capabilities of this game! It has a learning curb but not too bad! Also, there are a lot of online modes of play like: Military gameplay, Altis Life (be a criminal or a bad boy). Hours and Hours of great gameplay and friendship! :)
game-hours: 85.7
review: Great Game
game-hours: 46.3
review: Fell 3 centimetres. died.
game-hours: 185.9
review: The base game is pretty darn good but it gets WAY better with mods!
game-hours: 657.4
review: Great military simulator with heaps of mods and fun Multiplayer to keep you entertained for days, 9.5/10.
game-hours: 356.9
review: F*cking best game ever and lots of diffrent game modes
game-hours: 1261.3
review: 800+ hours on this game so far, and not even tryed the main campaign yet, a must have for any serious pc gamer
game-hours: 149.2
review: I am a hashbrown, in other news this joke will not be funny when i change my name again.... Anyways This game.... Just buy it you cabbage headed mother er
game-hours: 372.3
review: With Arma, you will either love it or hate it. And if you happen to the one of the lucky ones, Arma 3 will keep you coming back for years, with a vast amount of content and replayability, I don't think I've ever experienced a situation the same way twice. With a control scheme that allows for finer movements and positioning and a map that is just oozing with detail. If you enjoyed Arma 2 (or Arma 1 for that matter) I would spare no time in picking this one up.
game-hours: 209.0
review: If you are a fan of the Arma series, there is really no reason NOT to get Arma 3. Me myself are a fan of the Arma series, and figured that a review would be in order. However, I found it hard to write a propper review, so I kind of made a list of... words instead. I hope someone out there will find it helpfull. Let me tell you what I think are the pros/cons for this game: + Beautiful graphics! + A Unique gameplay experience! + TONS of mods! - Requires good/decent hardware - Sometimes the servers are laggy, causing desync - Strange bugs occasioanlly happen Things that can be either positive or negative in your own opinion: * Steep learning curve - It's hard, like... Really hard * The price - You should probably not buy it unless you KNOW that you will like it * Communication is key, better keep your mic ready! Frequently asked questions - Is this game for everyone? A: No. Only get it if you know you will have a good time with it. And make sure that you (almost) can run it. - What hardware would be ideal for running this game? A: You need a good CPU. Intel is prefered, but AMD works too. Me and a large group of Arma players would recemend you to get a good i5. For the graphics, this game does not require an insanely expensive graphic cards. I personally would not go lower than a GTX 660 or AMD 7850, but feel free to get a better graphic card if you can. - I have a good computer but still low FPS? A: First of all, if anyone in the world can run this with a steady 120 FPS, you are either a wizard, or a really mad wizard. However, you can fiddle around with the video settings, somewhere around high/very high seems to work great for me. Also there are lots of guides of how to increase the FPS via the Arma 3 launcher options, google it! - Do I need to overclock to run this game? A: No, no and no! Only overclock if you are a wizard. No but seriously, only overclock if you know what you are doing. Sure, overclocking can increase the performance for games, but it should not be needed in order to run the game, in my opinion. You would not trim your car, just to be able to finally do 100 Km/h, right? No you would not. If you wanted to do 100 Km/h you would make sure that your mum gave you a car that were able to in the first place. - When is this FAQ over? A: now. So some final words. All of the statements I made in this "review" is pretty much the same as the other Arma games in the series. You pretty much know what to expect, both the good parts and the bad ones. Hopefully some new Arma players can find this guide worth reading! I thanks you for your time, - Clippy out!
game-hours: 77.4
review: awesome!!!!
game-hours: 403.8
review: Can be much better........Great ideas.............Needs much improvement..............Ah yea the AI........Little joksters they are.......They just don't like dieing.............
game-hours: 104.1
review: A really interesting sandbox. Basically build a story on your own, or play other player-made maps... Includes normal deathmatch, coop story games and anything that can be made with your imaginations(requires some level of programming though) Only for those who are willing to learn how to play and not just point and kill, like counter-strike. Recommend to play as a group.
game-hours: 179.7
review: its a great game if you can overlook the bugs and the desync... i would recomend hopping into a atlis life server then go and make some in game money and make some new friends and have fun! its a really realistic game but ill have to give it 8.27/10 only because its buggy :( but if you overlook the bugs its 9.75/10 on my books!
game-hours: 22.5
review: Fun Game
game-hours: 266.5
review: great game so many hours of fun with friends, this game gives the feeling of real combat and how it simulates that, great work on this game.
game-hours: 83.8
review: Been stuck on it for 35 hours.
game-hours: 71.2
review: Pros: Great comunity Cons: Really really really poorly optimised. Go buy ARMA 2 it's only really poorly optimised. WAIT for a steam sale.
game-hours: 51.7
review: This is the real Call of Duty-ADVANCED Warfare
game-hours: 94.4
review: Good this is a good game, great graphics, i'd tap it!
game-hours: 86.9
review: Recommend to anyone who likes any sort of combat game. Has great balance of first person combat and vehicle (sea, land and air) combat. The weapons don't customise very much, but that doesnt matter so much as there is a VERY wide range of weapons and attachments. Very well optimised and runs smoothly on all occasions. The only problem is if you are playing online with a computer running at low settings, as you cannot see enemys as clear or as far away as those with higher grade computers can, and sometimes becomes annoying. But the game is worth the purchase just for the campain.
game-hours: 0.2
review: Amazing game, i think everyone should buy it
game-hours: 641.8
review: worth my 60 dollars
game-hours: 117.6
review: ing.Go-Karts.
game-hours: 87.1
review: This game is the best game ever. With all the moding opportunities you can make this game whatever you want. I do however strongly recommend joining a group or clan to play this game. Best experienced with serious players. 5/5
game-hours: 87.5
review: i got banned for hacking in weapons to test weapons vehicles with my buddies whilst the game was in beta now i am still banned and i need to pay another 45 euro to play on another account
game-hours: 39.2
review: Reccommended for High end PCs and a stable internet connection. Low end PCs can still enjoy the game.
game-hours: 16.9
review: this game is glitch
game-hours: 1304.7
review: Altis <3
game-hours: 555.6
review: Arma 3 is the most realistic military game to date. This is especially true for infantry, but when it comes to planes and armour, other games which specialize in them (for example War Thunder) simulate them more in-depth. The trajectory of every bullet is calculated in a way which takes gravity, material penetration, ricochets, the reduction in damage and change in the direction of bullets as they pass through objects, and probably other factors into account. This game plays at a slower pace than most other military games. Of course, the pace depends on the server you join. The gameplay is fairly fast-paced on sector control (king of the hill) servers. On other servers, such as on patrol ops servers where players are well-organized and coordinate with each other to complete objectives, the pace can be very slow. Some servers are not even about war, but try to simulate life instead. You can play as a civilian and make an honest (mining, fishing, etc) or dishonest (gangs, drugs, etc) living, as a police officer who tries to enforce the law, or other roles depending on the server. In other words, the servers are diverese and cater to different needs. The one major downside of Arma 3 is that frame rates tend to be very low when playing online. Personally, I get 60-55 fps offline but 44-25 fps online (44 is rare, I usually get around 28 on most servers). Changing my graphics settings does not impact my fps. I do not know why this happens, but since other people are experiencing massive drops in fps when playing online too, it seems like the online can use optimization. Maybe the servers can't handle all of the calculations or something, who knows..
game-hours: 365.7
review: It is an extremely addicting and fun game
game-hours: 338.4
review: It is such a good game all though it run's like a b*tch
game-hours: 1.4
review: Great game, i got it s little while ago and it is briliant. hopefully they lower the game price
game-hours: 7.1
review: This is the greatest game ever. Great grapics and fun vehicals 11/10.
game-hours: 34.2
review: Mechanics are improved though still has some bugs but what is arma series without those wtf moments
game-hours: 63.8
review: I like the guns
game-hours: 63.8
review: I like the guns
game-hours: 40.9
review: Good game
game-hours: 58.7
review: hi [io
game-hours: 3.2
review: I like this game but it is VERY laggy I RECOMMEND this to only people that have a good graphics card
game-hours: 364.2
review: Arma3 is a perfect military training software, infantry helmets,vests protective area and close to the real level of protection, the picture quality is the killer hardware level,Arma3 provide simulation training for military infantry skills training, I love Arma3. -Kerry Yang
game-hours: 619.3
review: A great game
game-hours: 631.6
review: lalalatatatata
game-hours: 383.6
review: This game is very entertaining Altis life is just so much fun
game-hours: 692.3
review: 10/10 Best game for players that love tema work!!!!!!!
game-hours: 863.4
review: .
game-hours: 7.7
review: fun
game-hours: 35.1
review: fps             .
game-hours: 1000.9
review: Perhaps the best neck stretching simulator ever
game-hours: 51.0
review: Faningtastic game. It makes my eyes feel like they are ing. I'm upgrading my PC soon and I honestly cannot wait to play this sex-tastic game on Ultra. It just may be the death of me.
game-hours: 117.8
review: If you think CoD is the best game ever, then you have not played a REAL game. This is the most immersive and realistic military simulators (I can't even call it an FPS, it's so realistic) I have ever played. This will get you rblood pumping and adrenaline coursing, but only if you apreciate realism. CoD sucks. BF is fun, but not anywhere even CLOSE to Arma. I mean, come on. CoD has zombies and now ALIENS, and people say that's realistic? This game is NOT a game where you are a total badass and can run in ad just kill everything. You have to run for cover, work with your squad, and be smart about taking down the enemy. LOVE IT.
game-hours: 103.1
review: its the best war game out there.
game-hours: 2053.7
review: This sim/game is the best thing to ever come to the steam store, it has exceeded my expectations in every way, where as you can find intense combat throughout the wasteland game type, gangs running drugs aquiring better and better hardware every "Run" in altis life,(Note that this is also for stratis, but called stratis life.) and even naked guys shooting at my tank with a 30 round 9mil pistol. Guess why I have so many hours, there are alot of naked guys to squish, gruesomely explode, and fill with so much lead that it should be called a pile of lead with a piece of body(Noting bullets, except some shotgun shells are not made of lead but copper and steel I believe...Or at least alot are.)
game-hours: 128.4
review: Ya it's a great game if you enjoy using the editor. New features with the ability to change stances is very cool. Graphics are much improved from Arma II, but this game is not playable on multiplayer. Some might say you must have a high spec processor and Graphics card, but then why can I play single player with 60 fps on Ultra.(I have FX-4170 4.2GHz CPU, R9-270 gpu) Multiplayer matches have only the ability to deliver 20 fps which is just unplayable. Then people say you must find a good server, but nearly EVERY server is this way, unless I play a small 4 man coop mission which isn't even the selling point of this game. I thought this game was meant to be played on huge multiplayer missions on huge maps but it hasn't gone that way and hasn't been that way since the Alpha.
game-hours: 159.9
review: Very Good Game The graphics are overall AMAZING.The gameplay is very smoth for me.I always have the now and then crashes but other then that AMAZING GAME!
game-hours: 37.6
review: Good simulator
game-hours: 189.2
review: The teamwork is great if you get the right people. A little sad how it performs with the AMD CPUs. +
game-hours: 129.2
review: i like shooting people. period.
game-hours: 20.4
review: Sometimes when I fly in a chopper, I like to look into the eyes of my copilot while I purposely fly into a mountain.
game-hours: 21.0
review: What the alpha has shown so far is amazing, I cannot wait to see what continues with the full game. Definitley worth the price, buy it now.
game-hours: 113.8
review: this game is a lot of fun but their anti hack protection "battle eye" is dumb as !!!! i got a battle eye blobal ban (banned from ALL sevrers) for having my cheat engine running on another ing game
game-hours: 682.4
review: there is no computer in the world that has RED ORCHESTRA 1 and 2 , DCS black Shark - A10 and doesn't have this game. no need to describe my experience with this game. the possibilities are endless.
game-hours: 73.6
review: Optimization is really bad, but gameplay is great!
game-hours: 165.6
review: This game is totally awsome, I like the most altis life, it is Totally awsome, has like cops and civillians and ems medics for help, the graphics quality is very good, the mechanics of engine is also good, this game is very awsome. I wish that Bohemia Interactive will release ArmA 4, wich means that it will be sooooooooo freaking awsome. Wish you the best of luck :)
game-hours: 168.6
review: Its a great game, it's just a very computer demanding game. The only problems I had with this is the DSync problems which can cause some confusion. It's a great game to play with friends and get a squad together. I got this on the steam summer sale for $30 so I think it was money well spent. Obligatory: Dove underwater, and got into a firefight with scuba divers. 5/5
game-hours: 137.5
review: The game is unplayable. Slightest of the effects causes massive amount of lag. I am very sorry to say that I don't recommend this game. If you can get it on sale for half the price or lower than why not, otherwise it's a waste of money. Pros: I have yet to see any that would justify the price. Seriously. Cons: Still not optimized. You are forced to search the internet for tips on how to get this out of lag central. I was getting between 10 and 30 FPS with everything turned to low and AF/AA completely turned off. View distance at 1500. Basically the game was unplayable. I since found some tips on the net to make it much better and now do get a fairly steady 60FPS with many things turned to high. Very disappointed. Controls feel very sluggish. Many keys are bound to a number of different functions. Which can cause some surprises. There is still no separate audio sliders. I am ing sick of hearing the ocean from 2km away from the coast. Yet an enemy running around the building is barely audible. (BTW environmentals sounds are a giant hit on FPS and some servers will let you turn them off). And no the game does not look amazing. I've set everything on ultra and took a look around on an empty server and... I said "Meh." and left. Server browser is a joke. No history or adding a server to favorites that I can see. It's very very slow and the filter is garbage. Multiplayer (I am in North America so that's the servers I will talk about) is a waste of time. Wasteland is a joke. Very seldom teamwork. Lots of teamkilling. And far too many whiny, annoying 10 year olds. Once in a while there are people who want to work together for the objectives, but it's far too rare to make it worth the time to start the game. Altis life is okay, but it's just not really my thing. Breaking point. I have not tried it yet. The straight up Arma 3 multiplayer. Is a giant pile of crap. The mode worth wasting time is King of the hill. Which is pretty much a never ending Base takeover mission from Wasteland. Otherwise I have not found even one server where there was any real teamwork and all of them were against AI. And there are barely any vehicles on most servers I've played on. Basically the game is NOT worth more than $30. P.S. Bohemia you will never get a penny of my money again. Your treatment of those who buy your games is on par with EA. The game has been out long enough to address the optimization issues. Instead you ignore us, delete threads (large amount of threads, I might add) that relate to the issue, and have not done a single thing to address the issue at all.
game-hours: 343.7
review: This game is great. I would suggest playing the gamemode called "Altis Life" in multiplayer. Find the right server and have fun! You choose your lifestyle on the giant playground altis has to offer. With friends, or not, it's one of those things that work either way.
game-hours: 88.3
review: Extremely fun game if you look for a troop to operate with. If you don't then it's pretty much a waste of money. It's a Military Simlulator, so it requires communication and a certain trust that no one's gonna shoot a rocket in the middle of the spawn base.
game-hours: 502.5
review: Hit a snake at slow speed my car when supersonic this is a hardcore simulator
game-hours: 27.0
review: Love it <3
game-hours: 694.8
review: good game
game-hours: 0.3
review: low fps (-25 most of the time) without anything going on my system: GTX 570 AMD FX-6300 16 GB DDR3 1600 MHz
game-hours: 5.2
review: This game is a VERY well made military simulator. It is very realistic, unlike most fps games. I'm not discrediting Call of Duty or Battlefield, but this game is a much more realistic experience.
game-hours: 156.1
review: The server browser sucks , it cuts out your internet everytime you refresh the list of servers and the game is poorly optimized, but once you actually get into the game it is a lot of fun.
game-hours: 295.7
review: The one thing redeeming about this game was King of the Hill. They just broke it witrh the newest patch. Don'ty waste your money till they fix it because its unplayable.
game-hours: 94.8
review: Not recommended yet. As of Jan/2014 bugs still exist in the game and the single-player campaign isn't finished. I bought it because I found it at 50% off and ARMA II OA multi-player servers were fewer and fewer, except for Day-Z, but that's not my thing. What I don't like the most about ARMA III is the small amount of content available (without mods) and it's futuristic stance. It's a matter of personal preference but I like to see vehicles and weapons that one can find in today's battlefields. And I really miss the "Taliban"! Graphics are quite good but performance in the game is a mixed experience, it can be ok for most of the game but then you get near an explosion and the whole thing slows to a crawl. My advice is: wait. Even at 50% off. EDIT: After launch ArmA has been getting better and with some good and free updates. Despite still missing some "old" content, I'm changing my recommendation to a "buy discounted".
game-hours: 66.9
review: Outstanding game, many many hours of fun! The large support of built-in mods, and friends make this game a serious winner. Intel fans will love this game, AMD Processor fans.... not so much. Personal experience is that my i7 2600K had a good 30% increase in frames compared to my FX-8350, same graphics cards and memory amount + memory speed.
game-hours: 15.7
review: wow let me just say that this is oen of the best games to play if you are a war man, the war i s very eralistic. i got shot in the foot and could not walk for two weeks! wowza
game-hours: 37.2
review: Role Played as drug lord Pablo Escobar in Chernarus life. I sold drugs and RDMed kids in the cherno safe zone. 10/10 would snort coke again
game-hours: 1029.2
review: Much improved from Arma II
game-hours: 357.0
review: Best Mil Sim game out there by far! Beat the campaign and have played it over and over!
game-hours: 3.6
review: GOOD GAME BUT VERY VERY HARD
game-hours: 260.0
review: Pros: Great graphics Lots of stuff to use (clothing, weapons, vehicles, etc) HUGE improvement over character control from previous games Ballistic system Cons: Terrible AI Lack of standard game modes (most servers are either altis/stratis life or Invade and Annex againts bots) Bad netcode can cause sync problems Poor distance display handling (why is this overlooked in a game that relays on such a huge playground baffles me) Should: Decrease gameplay area (80% of the terrain is never used) Include gameplay similar to that of Battlefield 2: Project Reality. That kind of gameplay plus these graphics and contents = insta win All in all, a recommended game. Could get some more PvP focused developing, but still plenty of fun flying, driving, shooting, etc.
game-hours: 538.1
review: Highly recommend ARMA 3 for any fan of shooter games that are looking for much more expansive and open world military games. Really fun game to move tactical in with a squad of teammates!
game-hours: 274.5
review: This game is so good, its just full of surprises. Are you done downloading and completing the thousands of scenario missions? Why not go online and play Altis Life, Wasteland and King Of The Hill that require no extra downloads. Enjoy the massive landscape you explore and the action that comes from within it. This game is greatly done, more expensive then the other Arma's, but completely worth it. R.I.P My productivity.
game-hours: 486.0
review: 11/10
game-hours: 1335.6
review: I think Arma 3 is an awesome game to play. This game has a large amount of custom scenario missions which are really fun to do. I definitely recommend this game. 10/10
game-hours: 454.5
review: Amazing game, could use more missions though...
game-hours: 110.5
review: The best game on steam. Never ending fun, just like Arma 2 ;)
game-hours: 3.4
review: i like this game :)
game-hours: 48.5
review: best war game for me batter then bf3 and cod but its differnt of you like to comend unit and play maiisons like really life this game is for you sorry for my bad english
game-hours: 840.6
review: Amazing 11/10
game-hours: 261.9
review: Drove over a stone all wheels blew out. 11/10 Amazing
game-hours: 554.7
review: Well Love the game but got banned by battel eye and I have never cheated!!! but the game still rocks!!
game-hours: 876.2
review: Walked around aimlessly for three hours until I saw a black dot in the distance and shot at it before it killed me instantly, - 11/10 Like Skyrim with guns.
game-hours: 104.5
review: Get ya military on
game-hours: 124.1
review: The Arsenal has made the game better by letting you import your own loadouts through zeus
game-hours: 247.0
review: More than 3 tanks - under promise, over deliver. 10/10 GOTY
game-hours: 444.0
review: alot better than Arma 2 much more specialized
game-hours: 478.4
review: it Awsome
game-hours: 8.9
review: too much walking, not enough fighting. Good "simulation" not a good shooter. Just M.H.O.
game-hours: 114.1
review: Never fails to entertain, with all kinds of content and even more with mods. You will never run out of new things to do on Arma.
game-hours: 49.4
review: I really believe that this game is a complete step up from Arma 2! I love it!
game-hours: 451.8
review: Wasted 400 hours of my life. 10/10
game-hours: 75.8
review: guy i need help with one thing i am new 2 arma, i want to play altis life how do i get????
game-hours: 271.6
review: I can say I like this games physics but im not a fan of it being in the future, so Unoriginal I like Arma 2 Better 7/10 Worth the Price though
game-hours: 1.1
review: awesome game
game-hours: 425.4
review: Really good simulation
game-hours: 191.8
review: The best game I have ever played, perfectly balanced, perfectly made. Arma 3 has no competition.
game-hours: 198.6
review: why cant i update arma? i got on-auto update
game-hours: 114.7
review: One of the best Shooters next to tf2 i have ever played!
game-hours: 29.1
review: if you liked operation flashpoint, this game can at least catch up
game-hours: 154.7
review: If you're looking for a good time go into a game, of people trying to talk like real life military radio operators. It's hilarious. 11/10
game-hours: 42.1
review: dat graphic is sick as heck. Worth all the money. The controlls is not that easy to learn but you get it later. RECOMENDED!!!
game-hours: 113.8
review: Im not going to give detailed information but its good. 10/10 on good computers 8/10 on crappy (mine)
game-hours: 77.0
review: yes i would recommend this game its the best game :D
game-hours: 7.4
review: Pretty great game to be honost, but I'm gonna be real with you, this is not a game you play alone, at least have 1-3 friends you play with or else, it'll be doll and boring. Great Realism, Shaby graphics, Good mechanics and a ok singleplayer.
game-hours: 154.3
review: love dis sooooo much! :3
game-hours: 83.1
review: Great game for some tactical gaming.
game-hours: 55.9
review: its alright
game-hours: 194.4
review: how about fixing this game first then make updates and DLC,s?????? i mean i got 1 of the top class pc and i am unable to play at 60 fps in mp with mroe then 5 players i mean wtf???
game-hours: 33.1
review: is a good game and for life is not dont play arma 3 life rpg is so  play arma 2 life island have funn to see this  !!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 85.5
review: really fun game
game-hours: 7.8
review: lmao is this halo
game-hours: 164.1
review: So many things to do, like making your own missions in editor and playing them with other people. Also, hours of time looking through mod sites and downloading anything remotely cool is fun too
game-hours: 79.8
review: The fire looks like fanta, game of the year 2014. Other then that it is also a really good game.
game-hours: 12.7
review: My god. This game. :O
game-hours: 228.9
review: badass
game-hours: 6.3
review: Tried the free weekend trail and I had a blast. The controls were hard to learn at first bit soon it grows on you. I recommend buying this game.
game-hours: 45.6
review: Cant compare to cod what so ever.
game-hours: 126.7
review: Do yourself a favor and play the Altis Life servers for Arma 3, become a drug dealer and flip off the cops at every chance you get...amazing!
game-hours: 7.6
review: yes i would recommend i watch videos of arma 3 and there cool
game-hours: 130.0
review: Don't get me wrong. I love Arma 3. But the Bootcamp update crippled the game for infantry. I know it's supposed to be a milsim but honestly, I don't see how a trained soldier with a mainly plastic rifle, a few mags and the standard military garb can't run for more than 10 seconds without nearly dying of exhaustion. The AI apparently gains sustenance from the bullets you fire into their flesh and now take more than 6 shots to the chest to down, whereas your character will move like he's soiled himself if a bullet hits the wall 10m away. TL;DR: The editor's good, the vehicles are responsive and fluid, but the stamina system is the worst one I have ever seen in a videogame. I'd recommend, but only if you prefer vehicle combat over infantry.
game-hours: 14.9
review: Best game i've ever played it had so much content!!!!!
game-hours: 0.4
review: kill yourself arma
game-hours: 41.3
review: Great game, very fun.
game-hours: 551.6
review: Amazing game with a huge community behind it. new mods all the time to add new flair to the game. Mods soch as breaking point, king of the hill, and ACRE radios, and more. All this gives into a game that ever changing and once its paid for, all content is free
game-hours: 1346.7
review: I find your lack of confidence in this game disturbing.
game-hours: 66.9
review: I like wine gums. And sports mix.
game-hours: 455.6
review: Feels incredibly unfinished and incomplete on so many levels and in dire need of major improvements and added content to make this as interesting to play as it's predecessor. Which is a shame as the new infantry controls are a godsend but it does not save a really marred and blemished product that is very lacking. Frankly you're better off waiting until the first major expansion until you get this game unless you simply have to play Wasteland.
game-hours: 65.3
review: Probably one of the most complex games I have ever played but I always want to keep playing it.
game-hours: 223.4
review: This is by far the bast Arma game i have play what next for ARMA who know but i recommend this to all my friend
game-hours: 40.2
review: If you like being a terrorist (which I do) this game is perfect for you just simply set up car bomb and blow up infidel NO PROBLEM!
game-hours: 110.5
review: One of the best combat simulators I've ever played!!!! The Modding Community is wonderful and supportive! This is a must have!
game-hours: 248.7
review: good game
game-hours: 107.9
review: This is a really good game with amazing graphics. Best to play with friends and to communicate.
game-hours: 17.4
review: feels more real than any other army sim game ive played
game-hours: 255.1
review: As of the last update, my computer now bluescreens whenever I push the multiplayer button. It worked perfectly until the update. I can only assume that once again, BIS has attempted to divide by zero, and then posted up the results for download - without bothing to see if anything actually worked. If you haven't bought this game yet, understand that this is typical BIS behavior. It's one thing if the game crashes to desktop; it's quite another when the negligent quality control proceedures cause an error that is potentially system damaging. As you might imagine, I'm not very amused.
game-hours: 61.4
review: great gramphics great grameplay. not nescassarely a good thing.
game-hours: 0.5
review: The reqirments are WAY too high and too good for my Pc to handle
game-hours: 52.6
review: Arma 3 is Love. Its that simple
game-hours: 81.9
review: This game is absolutely fantastic. It really shows how bogus COD's and MW's claims of realism are. I would recommend this game to anyone who is sick of the spunkgargleweewee that the modern shooter has turned into. I would not recommend this game to anyone who lacks patience, because, like real life combat, there are many times that you aren't shooting at someone, but are instead using tactics and stratagies involving the tarrain to get the advantage.
game-hours: 4.3
review: ...by far one of the best fps's!
game-hours: 437.8
review: best military sim franchise out there its a must have for pc gamers even if it is a bit buggy
game-hours: 6.2
review: Here's why this game sucks: in a nutshell, the AI cheats like a . For one thing, enemy soldiers have the ability to shoot at you and actually score hits when you're supposed concealed behind foliage. General rule of actual combat is that, if the enemy is in range, so are you. Not so in this game. You can't do this to the enemy, of course because you can't hit what you can't see. If you try to shoot at where you think, or even where the marker says the enemy is, you'll never hit him. But he'll do that to you and kill you with one shot. Guaranteed. The other thing that pisses me off about this game is that there's a feature in it where, if you're running for awhile, the effects of fatigue can actually affect your shooting. This isn't a bad concept, and speaking from similar experience it's very realistic, but the problem with this is that it doesn't seem to apply to the enemy. Every  time during gameplay, when you get into a firefight, it's very common to have enemies full out sprint towards you, take a knee and nail you with one or two shots. Every ing time. The other thing is that, while the enemy can easily kill you with one or two shots, you CAN'T do that to the enemy - even with head and upper torso shots. There was one particular engagement where I shot an enemy five times in the chest and he didn't drop at all, and even managed to kill me with one shot. Total ing . Lastly, the controls are way to  complicated and difficult to put into use during gameplay.
game-hours: 67.4
review: Great shooter. I have to say it's definitely not one of your generic FPS games (a.k.a. Battlefield, CoD, etc.) and it takes realism to a whole new level. I'd say it gets about a 9.5/10.
game-hours: 297.7
review: If you are reading this you should buy this game because it makes me all tingly inside and it's a badass game, if your patient and not bryan hubbard you would enjoy it
game-hours: 186.1
review: 60$ way too much, get realzies plx bohemia!
game-hours: 1321.5
review: My gunship blew up by hitting a small fence during landing.. 10/10 :P
game-hours: 151.8
review: Best game in the arma line sofar.
game-hours: 170.6
review: This game was a load of epicness.Very intense battles with loads of non-stop action packed fun!
game-hours: 579.0
review: One of the best games I played !! lots of good mods and user made missions.
game-hours: 149.9
review: An awsome game but absolutely terrible optimasation, only buy this game if your rig farly exeest the recomended specs ;)
game-hours: 8.1
review: Shot down a helicopter. Crashed on my whole squad. Mission Failed. 10/10
game-hours: 191.8
review: this game is incredible!
game-hours: 95.8
review: I like it....
game-hours: 53.2
review: Okay, this is the thing here, the game is actually good. The graphics are the , the game is nice and fun, but there is just one thing, so tremendously horrible that it ruins the whole entire game, and thats how it runs. It is not well polished, and if you have an amd processor you can just throw it out of the window. My computer is a very good computer. It has no problems with lagging, fps, and crashes. This is the first game that I had a very low fps on. Now they did promise to somehow patch this huge issue, but the thing about that promise, is we might as well cut off the developers pinkie finger now if you catch my drift. That promise was made a long time ago! An extremely long time ago! Not only that, but if your looking for action, this is most definitely not the game for you. Play something from battlefield, that will give you some aldrenaline rushes. Take your 60 dollars, and buy titanfall. I played that game and you can really get into it! But, when you look at it like a simulator, it is a bit fun. I would give this game a 6 out of 10, but since its 60 ing dollars, I have to put this down to 4/10. If the game were to patch it, and fix the lag, I would give it an 8/10 and recommend it, if they lowered the price to ATLEAST $45, I would recommend it and give it a higher rate.
game-hours: 42.2
review: Love this game! Great for playing with friends!
game-hours: 16.7
review: If you play too much shooters like COD or Battlefield or Halo, then this game is probably not for you. If you're willing to learn it's steep learning curve and meeting it's steep performance requirements, then by all means play it.
game-hours: 23.4
review: ARMA does it again. Another great game in the series, offering an even more in-depth, realistic, simulation shooter. Huge MP matches, and community built co-op missions, this game will keep you busy for a long time to come.
game-hours: 199.6
review: Lag never changes!
game-hours: 1301.0
review: Its gr8
game-hours: 20.8
review: Improves on Arma II in all the right places.
game-hours: 228.4
review: Really realistic, if you're looking for an indepth immursive military simulator, or you just want army vehicles to blow up, this is your game.
game-hours: 48.0
review: Terrible.!!! Do not Buy... Just terrible..... has to many glitches!
game-hours: 365.5
review: Shot with High Caliber rifle and survived. Fell 1 metre and died 11/10 On a serious note, ARMA 3 is a VERY good game, while vertical movement is very restricted on land. its is a commonly dismissed problem as you find very little scenarios in which you need to climb UP, however, DOWN is a very different story rapelling from helicopters or buildings is a desired feature. If any improvents were to be made, REDUCE THE GOD DAMN FALL DAMAGE. Falling from a meter or more will KILL you, not break your legs, injure you it will straight up kill you. No reviving either so avoid ledges at all costs. Campaign (story + gameplay) 9/10 The plot, while interesting, is very Cliched, clear an LZ and BAM out of nowhere an rpg takes out your ride. Enjoyable if the internet is down. Editor 10/10 It is rare to find such a detailed and simultaneously easy to use editor, if a game has one at all. You can use the editor to hone your flying or driving skills, practice clearing rooms or (with the edition of the karts DLC) Have a race! Another great feature is being able to export missions directly to; Steam workshop, singleplayer missions, multiplayer missions, or to a file so you can email it to your, Friends, family or Enemies if you so desire. Multiplayer 15/10 Best for Last. I struggle to find a boring moment in ARMA 3 multiplayer, even standing guard while a teamate drags a downed soldier to cover there is always a feeling of suspense, even standing among the bodies of enemies and friends alike, you never know if things will go right.
game-hours: 870.4
review: You can be a army man. 10/10
game-hours: 18.7
review: The closest thing to real life firefights that I've seen to this day.
game-hours: 75.5
review: Watching video's and looking over this game in general I thought WOW!!! Finally a great alternative to the crap that is Call of Duty! I thought this game would be like battlefield 4 or better! But sadly I was mistaken. The graphics are the only thing in this game that I find appealing. The AI is stupid if it is on your side (squad leader says that there is enemies all along the valley, so what does the AI do? Goes right down the valley) The AI is wicked smart if it is OPFOR. Even on Recruit, the easiest of difficulties, the AI can spot you peeking around a corner, laying behind a bush 300M away, and snipe you with 1 hit from 300M away while moving side to side. Bear in mind this is on Recruit difficulty, the "easiest" setting. The multiplayer is odd. I mistakenly loaded onto a RPG server, not really knowing what to expect. I was running around with nothing but clothes on my back. Then this "cop" detains me for 15 minutes and then throws me in jail. I can't move, I have no idea how to communicate via chat, and I (this is the kicker) cannot EXIT the session unless I CTRL+ALT+DELETE into task manager to close ARMA from that? WHAT THE F**K kind of stupid design is that? I gave up on the Single Player campaign after dying 37 times within the first 10 minutes of the first mission in the 2nd chapter. How did I die 37 times? Well again bear in mind this is on the "easiest" setting of Recruit. I sneak into the village not knowing what I need to do because it really isn't explained wtf is going on. All I know is I am by myself and I need to find my guys on top of some mountain that is to the right of a mountain with a radio antennae. So I'm sneaking building to building out of nowhere across the map I am getting shot at and I get hit once and boom dead. Death #1. Repeat 3x. Finally get ticked off enough to go to youtube and find out what I need to do. Die 27x more trying to get past the first village with random troops popping up and shooting me dead from across the map, on the "easiest" setting of Recruit. Finally make it out of the village, up a hill feeling good. See some sheep, hello sheep whats up. "Bahh goes the sheep, wait a minute, that doesn't sound like a sheep, no it is a group of soldiers out of nowhere that saw me peeking between a 2" gap in rocks. Death number 32. START OVER AGAIN cause you can't save but once per mission apparently. Death number 33-37 I made it through the 1st village again with minor difficulties, on the hill got some bad guys and then die by a random grenade. #37 did it for me though. I haven't thrown anything at my tv for several years, mainly since I stopped playing sport games, but I digress, I threw my mouse at the tv. Thank god it has a short cord. Death #37 I was on this hill again, a copter comes by ok no worries Ill hide here in these rocks. OK GOOD troops come out walk away. They are over 500m away and I lean out from cover. THEY SAW ME as they had their backs turned to me. I go back into hiding I peek out to see what is going on, BAM dead from a Grenadier 550m away. Yea, sorry but Im calling . So Im sorry, but I would rather play BF or CoD.
game-hours: 28.9
review: yeesssss. #1 WAR SIMULATOR IN THE WORLD
game-hours: 25.1
review: Played this game for 3 straight hours, went to bed with ptsd. Woke up without pants. No one says you have to sleep with pants on. 11/10
game-hours: 192.5
review: Good game
game-hours: 132.3
review: This game has effectively ruined my life. I barley shower or even leave the house anymore. I no longer have friends in real life and my girlfriend left me because I play it too much. 11/10, Would play again.
game-hours: 146.9
review: beautiful graphics, incredible content in game and via steam workshop a lot of mods available online, a must have for people looking for another kind of shooter or military enthusiast not fast paced, incredibly insane feeling when you cant even see the enemy and youre being shot at 10/10
game-hours: 488.4
review: Great game.Recomended to nearly everyone. 12/10
game-hours: 51.4
review: Fantastic game. A really immersive game that you can pump a lot of hours into. Plus an incredibly complex and expansive multiplayer.
game-hours: 257.7
review: best game ever
game-hours: 250.8
review: Meh, Its good. Allows for some fun on gamemodes such as king of the hill and wasteland. But, Arma 2 For Life.
game-hours: 50.4
review: its just amazing episaly with mods but the base game is amzing as it is the only one i botherd to complete plus the editor is really good for creating missions
game-hours: 74.7
review: Awesome. Now they are selling helicopter physics patch and weapons that they promised to include into the release version as DLCs. Great job, BIS. Go  yourself.
game-hours: 165.1
review: Alot like arma2, graphics and some very slight phisics updates. Though these games usually improve with age.
game-hours: 185.0
review: Arma is the only place today where you can get a "realistic" military sandbox. There are bugs, glitches, animations, and vocals that are inherently "arma", but that is not always a bad thing. Sometimes the Armaness can be quite entertaining. B.I. has, and had always stuck by their products with full support from updates, patches, and DLC. Mods...thats a whole new world. There is fun that can be had in this game that you can't get anywhere else. Yes, its hardcore and your fingers do the Arma tango on the keyboard but its well worth the getting used to.
game-hours: 323.2
review: amazing game! ..........when it works.
game-hours: 108.9
review: Cool grass. 10 outta 10.
game-hours: 49.5
review: amazing game extremely tactical fun to play with freinds
game-hours: 22.3
review: nice game.
game-hours: 470.2
review: By far my most played game and i still don't feel like i've scratched the surface,
game-hours: 482.9
review: Same ole Arma, if you enjoy the series, its worth a buy. Active multiplayer community
game-hours: 158.9
review: Only for hardcore war simulating fans, if you're new to this game controlling squads might be hard. But now you can have steam workshop for the missions. The downfall is that gamespy is down and you cannot host a private server unless you use hamachi.
game-hours: 478.4
review: its a good game but it gets boaring after like a month or two... The basic game is pretty , but some mods like altis life or battleroyal keep it fun
game-hours: 42.3
review: A vast improvement over ArmA 2, well worth the time to try it out for yourself.
game-hours: 463.8
review: I am really enjoying the Altis life mod when myself and my friens are all online. King of the hill is a nice break for when you just want to enjoy a bit of FPS game style other wise Wasteland is also a nice mod that combines both the life and king of the hill but with no rules.
game-hours: 228.5
review: its okay :P
game-hours: 452.4
review: Great game. 10/10
game-hours: 902.5
review: The gameplay model is perfect and fun. But its almost unplayable due to FPS Lag. I bought this game after seeing streams of it. Even with a beast of a pc you'll end up with around 25-30 fps with everything on low. And that while the graphics themselfs aren't that great either. It sure definitely wasn't worth 22 euro's despite of me liking the gameplay model. I dont even know how they even dare asking 40+ euro's for it. Done some research and it seems that the FPS lagg has been there since release and no attempt was made on improving it. What i also can't understand how STEAM finds this acceptable to put in their store. I just can't get over it that ive paid 22 euro's for the game and cant even run it with 60fps on a 500$ graphic card. Guys, if you can get it for around 5 euro's i'd say go for it, but higher then that. Dont bother.
game-hours: 256.0
review: I like the mechanics but the graphics and bugs are annoying. king of the hill is too fun to care bout that thou
game-hours: 169.2
review: was tazed by a cop for trying to sell illegal fedoras 10/10
game-hours: 8.9
review: this game is awesomeballs!!!!
game-hours: 11.3
review: I have to turn out everything what I said, It took a little while to change my graphics settings to good, and now I just can say that this game is a very ing good, but I just hope that this game will be optimized better to pc..
game-hours: 46.6
review: This game is a must play! 10/10 would bang.... :/ its amazing! the best Military simulator!
game-hours: 87.2
review: I WANT THIS GAME
game-hours: 1367.6
review: This game is one that is either love it or hate it in regards to the original, unmodded game and it's concept. It's realistic and while people call it a "running simulator" in real gameplay modes unlike Wasteland where you start with a good set of military assets, you only have to run for long distances unless you wrecked 4 vehicles and don't have friends in a squad to pick you up or to respawn on. Here is the easiest way to explain the concpet of this game, look at a game where you fight in a plane, stuff like Star Fox and Crimson ties are arcadey, gamey takes on this, then there are combat flight sims that are in-depth, thoughtful, and inforgiving as well as realsitic as hell. This game is basically the flight simualtor approach to the concept of a Battlefield game, where military infantry, land, sea, and air units fight in a very large environment with a lot of units at once in a game session. Except this has very in-depth coop and singleplayer unlike Battlefield. It's not for everyone, but for those who always wanted there sooter game's guns and vehicles to feel more realsitic, who wanted strategy, tactics, and thoughtful choice of action to be more important than in arcadey military shooters, and who wanted a military experience over a hollywood, michael bay interpretatino of a military experience like in CoD and BF. This is the game for you. Developer support is great, new DLC and patches that actually help are regular occurences. Mod support is arguably the best in all of gaming, offering anything from new experiences like zombie survival to post apocalyptic warfare to doubling and greatly expanding the amount of guns, vehicles, units, and gameplay mechanics available all for free through playermade content heavily supported by the developer, a modding contest with a large pool of prize money is even comnfirmed by the dev. 9/10 Some tips for potential buyers: -If you are new to Arma, wait a week or so to buy this if you want to play as soon as you buy, (otherwise take advantage of the discount now), they are releasing a "bootcamp" free dlc that will revamp the way the game gives you a tutorial to teach it's unique and pretty complex mechanics and controls, this will make it much easier and less frustrating to learn. -Never use Vsync in the in-game menu, it causes frame drops and sluggishness, adaptive Vsync via gpu driver software may be a better option -Never put view distance over 2500 meters, most mp servers lock it too 1600 meters maximum anyway (and override your settings) and anything longer distance than 2500 is not optimized and is meant to be enjoyed by future machines who easily overpower the game. -For specs, 8+ gb of DDR3 RAM and a modern CPU with a high clock speed is most important, you only need a mid grade video card to run things on high and medium with a distance below 2500 and vsync off, and having more than 4 cores in a CPU matters very little, but clock speed does, I'd say at least 3.5 Ghz for over 30fps. -Don't expect to fully understand or master the game anytime soon and expect to be challenged a lot, if you do so, you'll get a rewarding experience that others wanting instant gratification (which is fine, but just not what Arma is good at) may find frustrating. Hope this helps, as an Arma maniac I want to steer peopel who won't like this game away from buying it as much as I want people who would like it to put their money down.
game-hours: 638.9
review: Nice gameplay.
game-hours: 893.6
review: 10 / 10 best game ever
game-hours: 0.2
review: I owned the game but now i have to buy it again??!!! this is stupid give me my game or money back!!!!!
game-hours: 427.3
review: I truly liked this game. If I had not wasted my money for games on CoD and BF Titles I would have gotten this unfortunately I didnt know it existed until the free trial. One day I will get it. I think its on an entire different level then other FPS games. Call of Duty is full of angry young kids that believe themselves to be hackers by using exploits and aiming cheats. In Arma 3 I didnt experience that. Add to that the fact that I can fly planes and helo's or that I can take out a speedboat and make an amphibious landing on a HUGE variety of HUGE maps. I tried once before to return CoD with no luck from steam even though I hardly even played them because of the hacker problem on all the CoD games. Also after trying BF and having EA make me install origin I never installed it again because I dont trust EA one bit. If you work for steam and you see this I would like to get rid of both CoD games I have plus shattered horizon(that game was fun while free and the minute that it went paid I could never get a full game going). I would trade all 3 of those games for this one in a heartbeat. Have a heart steam let me trade the unplayable games I have for something I enjoy. I have tried to play the others numerous times and all I ever end up doing is dieing too hacjs. I tried too send a private message about this but the guy who answered pretty much told me to deal with it. I thought steam was the good guys I mean compared to EA you are awesome but I have heard of others getting to return games that turned out to be crap/infested with hackers. At least give me a better discount for it and take away the other 3 games. I thought everyone was allowed one switcharoo anyway. :(
game-hours: 4.9
review: omfg this game is beast
game-hours: 21.4
review: This game is truly amazing. the things you can do in this game can range from a serious singleplayer mission to flying cows and shooting rabbit missiles at your enemies with your friends. This game also has an in-game editor which is easy to use and lets you create your own mods and distribute them in the steam workshop with no expenses at all. It also has multiplayer with many game modes, most of them are user-generated. The only problem is that the only mods that the workshop offers are scenarios (missions) and gamemodes, so if you want the big mods with new maps, weapons, vehicles and skins, you need to download and install them from the internet.
game-hours: 45.3
review: Kickass when you can make fat stacks like heisenburg on altis life
game-hours: 129.0
review: The Ukrainian armys number one training simulator.
game-hours: 447.5
review: This game is full of bugs. The AI is either thicker than door posts and couldn't hit the side of a barn with a shotgun, or supersnipers with laser xray vision. Glitches abound, gameplay is like wading through liquid latex. Optimization will leave you thinking Microsoft, Intel, AMD, and Bohemia Interactive are all conspiring to make you buy the latest Liquid Cooled 10 000THz CPU, NVidia/Radeon GTX 9999 in CrosSLI with RAM up the ying yang. Buy it. Seriously. It will disappoint so badly, but give you so much satisfaction, that you will overlook all of the above and become addicted. I know I did. and then....karts. SERIOUSLY?! from "a dev who listens to it's supporters" a milsim dev. that creates absolutely peurile "sidesteps". instead of working on fixing stuff that is actually wrong? KARTS?!! w.t.f? I am so disappointed I want my Dragon Rising to cry me a RED RIVER. Codemasters...DIRT....I see you on the horizon.
game-hours: 23.8
review: I'm quite sure that my head short-curcuited when I purchased this arma3 delux edtion. Someone said that arma3 is not a game. Surely it isn't, a bundle of bugs instead. You just cannot expect how awful the gameplay is. In some single scenerios in campaign the fps drops to 1 - 2 regardless how I downtune the graphic settings. And some minor errors like you'll lose all your in-game save with each update. If you say well BIS will fix bugs, I have to tell you that BIS just pay attention on money-absorbing porjects like DAY-Z stuff. Some developer also told a bug reporter (you may see it in the negative review here) that some bugs are hard to fix. I've bought this game for about 4-5 months and I just didin't see any improvemnet even with the losing-save-with-update problem! And BIS still develop their new features and dlcs! I bought the "delux" version and have to pay for dlcs! Although I don't want that stupid racing dlc (kart) at all, I still have to download them all as part of update. In delux version they claim there's a cold war assualt for free. But after 2nd campaign update, well that free game evaporized in my computer! (Well although cold war assualt is not that expensive but what is the difference between standard and delux version?!) I'm also a programmer myself and I know how tough to trace-spot-fix bugs, but it's software company's responsibility to show respect to purchasers money. If BIS cannot fix the bugs or optimize it then PLEASE OPEN THE SOURCE, or imitating how Linux community dealing kernel bugs!
game-hours: 14.5
review: Great Game Worth it
game-hours: 255.2
review: Endless amounts of fun. Squad up with friends, run large ops - it' s a milsim sandbox where the scenarios that unfold are limited to your own creativity and imagination.
game-hours: 1435.2
review: very great game loadz of fun must have if you enjoy rpg gameing or just useing the arma3 work shop if you enjoy makeing maps
game-hours: 33.2
review: King Of The Hill <3 !
game-hours: 164.9
review: the best game in the worl
game-hours: 14.3
review: walking simulator
game-hours: 256.6
review: Awesome
game-hours: 703.9
review: aN AMAZING GAME
game-hours: 80.8
review: The game is really awesome, love the near future feel of all the vehicles and the ability to fully customize your weapons. The only things that bother me is that the amout of weapons and vehicles (really the fixed wings, but heard there are more coming) are nowhere near the amout that's in ArmA II. Also my hardware isn't being used for 100%, only get 30 fps max on LOW and ULTRA preset and at both settings my hardware is only being used for 50-60%. If they add more vehicles and optimize the game further then I'm in again! I still recommand the game, it's a lot of fun!
game-hours: 5.2
review: meh. unless your a really devote tactical millitary fps player this probably isn't for you
game-hours: 85.2
review: The best military simulator I've played.
game-hours: 188.7
review: MLG GET THIS M8 OR GET SHANKED SONNY JIM
game-hours: 813.4
review: Best war simulator out there. Needs a lot of polishing though! Also it feels a little alien with all the futuristic weapons. Would have been nice with present weapons. Luckily there is a very active modding community that is very skilled. A most have game in my opionion.
game-hours: 0.9
review: Much Doge Wow Much Fun.
game-hours: 312.8
review: Very good its worth the price tag but make sure you have an amazing computer or you will be getting about 7 fps :P
game-hours: 269.6
review: This game is endless fun but has a steep learning curve.
game-hours: 9.7
review: necase it bucea
game-hours: 5.9
review: Its not optimized... no fun playing at 20FPS always while on online servers. I would say, spend your money else where. It could be fun if they ever fix the framerate issues but I doubt they will. I think I'd have to be honest and say I don't recommend this game because of that.
game-hours: 44.1
review: in Awesome
game-hours: 212.3
review: This game is a really good game, mods make it fun, Wasteland, dayz without the zombies is also nice, 11/10
game-hours: 17.9
review: TA SPAEI!
game-hours: 541.3
review: Of course, the game is 40% off the day after I buy it...
game-hours: 56.4
review: Amazing game from Bohemia, not suprised in the slightest in how detailed and immersive this game is
game-hours: 267.4
review: One of the best games i have ever played, it supports mods (jsrs 2.1 and blastcoreA3 are absolute must haves), always fun to play, huge maps (largest one has a terrain of 270*270 km without the water because it's endless as far as i know), fluid animations, realistic ai (you can't just go on a stroll through an enemy bas (*ahem* call off duty)), and so on. I recommand it to anyone who wants to try something else, is a fan of realism or just wants to mess around and explode everything with the mission editor.
game-hours: 112.4
review: Military simulation at it's finest, my own disappointment is the flow of content, other than that the combat mechanics are incredible. There is all kinds of community content that even further improves the game as well.
game-hours: 18.9
review: Love it! Very hard learning curve, but well worth the effort. You do need a bloody good graphic card, mind you!
game-hours: 24.9
review: DO NOT buy this game, unless you are ready for constant 15 FPS on multiplayer no matter what your graphic settings are. This game is really badly optimized and you will probably not get any better framerates unless you have a supercomputer. I get 15 fps with all my settings turned as low as possible and 14-15 fps when playing all maxed out. Singleplayer works nicely tho.
game-hours: 541.8
review: Buy it
game-hours: 4.9
review: ok so i love cpu games over console, but this is pants man really p*** poor ,my cpu not the latest but apart from a few whos is? Its the same buggy s*** as usual. Dont buy i only did because it was on offer big waste of money.
game-hours: 2.9
review: Features one of the worst aiming systems ever made in a video game (if you manage to kill someone it will be by sheer luck). Combine that with piss poor ai, an unnecessarily complicated inventory system, random deaths to invisible landmines and voice acting which is at the level of X-Rebirth and you get Arma 3. One of the single most unfun experiences of my life and Ive seen Razorlight live.
game-hours: 9.8
review: Good fun. Controls are a bit wierd to get used to but you pick them up fast. Much slower paced than most modern FPS which is a nice change. Main gripe is that the AI is a tad on the dumb side and the ai squad in the campaing seems to move in formations that exclude the player.
game-hours: 91.8
review: Very fun but demanding game. PLAY IT!>
game-hours: 471.3
review: Really awesome game, especially if you have some nice people to play with... well, it's a tactical shooter, so you need good teamplay!
game-hours: 31.0
review: Don't be turned off by the simulator nature of this game. While the combat is meant to be realistic and when you're first starting out it can be a bit daunting to learn all the controls and simply learn how to aim the game underneath is fantastic. The Campaign is a great introduction into the mechanics of the game and I'd highly recommend playing the "Survive" chapter to get a handle on basic infantry gameplay. The game is extremely moddable and it's super easy to make your own missions or to download missions made by other players. The game does have performance issues however and is very CPU bound. I found that with my FX 8350 crossfire is useless and results in no performance gain because the processor can't keep up, but if you have a strong single card solution then an FX 8350 will work fine. Intel however is the preferred route for this game, but even then don't expect 60 FPS gameplay. That said, the game is slow paced enough that 30 FPS is more than sufficient and the game is absolutely gorgeous. I'd absolutely recommend it if you're a fan of games like America's Army (Atleast before the most recent iteration) and Red Orchestra, or mods such as Project Reality and Insurgency.
game-hours: 63.8
review: Awsome
game-hours: 105.6
review: |||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||
game-hours: 32.7
review: very good game a little hard tho.
game-hours: 200.2
review: I got this back in Alpha stages. Though it has had some minor bug improvements and added a few new units, guns etc... It still feels like an incomplete game. The graphixs are lovely, but if you are runing a low-end to medium-end computer, then don't even think about muiltiplayer mode. It doesn't matter if you tweak the game to lowest of low settings i have tried that already. The frame rate difference in single-player compared to muiltiplayer is about a 40 FPS differense for me, and i'm not the only one. This game feels simular to ArmA 2 in some respects but totaly left some of the things that made the ArmA series great, behind. The realism fades quite a bit in this game compared to ArmA 2. Personaly my bigest hang up is the ragdol effect upon death and the ammount of rounds it takes to kill. The combat system is slowly turning in to an arcade, realistic hybrid. For example you can shoot an aponant in the face from a few hundred meters and they will not drop, it will two shots with the majority of the medium to lower caliber weapons. Or you can go close to medium range and it will take 3-5 shots to the torso or chest area to take someone down even without the body armor on. In ArmA 2 this was not the case, you shoot some one in the head in ArmA 2 they drop like a ton of bricks. You shoot someone in the torso 1-2 times in ArmA 2 they are dead no questions asked. Though ArmA 3 has it's moments and bonuses compared to ArmA 2. I would recomend you save your money. Honestly this game is totaly not worth the price.
game-hours: 560.9
review: Absolutly Love this game i love that i can be creative and make the maps stratis and atlis a warzone in my way DEFINLY the best game i have ever played i give this game a rating 100%
game-hours: 890.1
review: just look at the trailers and demonstrations and u can see how awesome this game is.and that it never left alpha stage
game-hours: 883.1
review: Love it. Best military game on the market.
game-hours: 33.8
review: Thought Call of Duty was too unrealistic? Now you can realistically suck at war! 10/10
game-hours: 43.0
review: its vry relistic and kewl
game-hours: 666.6
review: 10/10 game. altis life is awesome and the graphics are amazing. 10/10 +1
game-hours: 2.9
review: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. I WISH I NEVER DID. GRAPHICS SUCK, GAME PLAY SUCKS...THIS GAME JUST SUCKS.
game-hours: 519.9
review: Very good game really enjoy playing this game i recommend it if you are thinking of buying this product
game-hours: 664.9
review: The game is very immersive and you will get some unique experience in it. Sometimes even the simplest scenario (You hiding from an enemy while waiting for rescue) can become really intense. I recommend if you buy/have the game you should try out tee times warfare (Somewhat like conquest in battlefield but with a currency to buy your own vehicles) and wasteland which can become very hardcore, always expect the enemy to have a tank when you only have a pistol, very interesting. Also the majority of the people you will meet in the game are helpful and nice people that are ready to cooperate with you. It's always nice when the community is like this.
game-hours: 171.3
review: Amazing game.
game-hours: 67.1
review: I'm going to make my review as short as possible. Arm is a monster of a game, and a damn good one to. If you are not willing to put time into the controls and gameplay you will be bored and frustrated quickly. From what I have found, the community is very mature, the servers are good and the gameplay is suspenseful. We have not seen any game like this in a long time, there is an insane amount of content, the graphics are amazing, and the feeling is absolutely pinpoint what it is meant to be. I coudn't recomend this more to the people who are interested in the idea 9/10
game-hours: 190.8
review: Play as syrian rebels against chinese soldiers, the story revolvse around "hank" a afroamerican spec ops soldier that kills grown men with is buttcheeks
game-hours: 23.2
review: Very good challenging war sim
game-hours: 32.7
review: Everything about this game is great. The shooting and aiming is hard to master and actually following orders is a must unlike most military games. Driving and flying is fun and the diffrence in power from a single solider to a tank is realistic e.g one missle wont take out a full tank. My only issue with the game at the moment is the AI either sucks or wrecks you.
game-hours: 284.7
review: Massive, massive game with so much community content it is worth purchasing for the mods alone. The series that the ever-popular DayZ was created from is now even better with these awesome graphgics and combat making up for the huge amount of travelling needed on the 200sq/km map!
game-hours: 244.2
review: Great for people who love military sims. This game is best for people who go all out tactical and are clever enough to direct attacks. The campaign is very detailed and makes you feel attached to the characters. It is also a great way to get used to the mechanics of Arma 3! The multiplayer has amazing team connectivity and makes you feel like you are actually part of a team. The tactical part of this game includes UAVs, quad-rotors, and ULVs. I would not recommend this game to people who play Call of Duty because this game requires pure skill, patience, and toughness. If you have a computer with low graphics power, DON'T GET THIS GAME. It includes two islands named Stratis and Altis, with Altis being the largest one. Altis may cause a  of lag due to it's size, so play on Stratis if you have a  computer.
game-hours: 125.0
review: The reputation of this game speaks for itself, however, if you want a more indept military shooter; join the army! This game is in it's own class....
game-hours: 88.5
review: This game is for real bros who like to play a realistic, no kiddie, true to life battle simulator. This game can be anything you want it to be. I was playing with a clan but it was too involved. If you are sick of battlefield 3.1 or COD50,000 then play this game. This game is going to get better and better as time goes along. Just think about it; arma2:oa came out in 2010 and people were still modding and improving it summer 2013. FarCry 3 is allegedly "skyrim with guns" but this game truly is. Look for weather fx, 25 km squared maps; everything. Definitely a must buy.
game-hours: 407.8
review: I do believe this game... ROCKS!
game-hours: 196.0
review: Great game
game-hours: 31.9
review: the military sim with many many possibilitys, mods like dayz, mmo like survival games wastelands and many many more. the only drawback is the specs you need to get everything out of this game, with decent specs you get your moneys worth but if you have a very very nice pc you get amazing sights a couple of miles/km out.
game-hours: 239.5
review: Must have...
game-hours: 100.8
review: Such a beast game, Bohemia really outdid them self!
game-hours: 101.3
review: Most realistic shooter played. Everything gets you killed including doing nothing. Zombie Mod is great too. Not a casual game, very intense experience when your not running around. Combat is quick usually ending within minutes with little or no room for error. You will need a good graphics card to play this game effectively. Low graphic settings will comprimise your gaming experience. There are bugs and it is NOT perfect nor does it run as smooth (on older machines) as BF or COD; but it is an amazing game and i recommend it. 9/10
game-hours: 7.1
review: The best Arma of the collection. The graphics are stunning and the gameplay is fantastic.
game-hours: 556.1
review: This games definetly for people who like to be imaginative in the Military Action category. I like the tactical mechanics but I wish they'd change the fighting style of infantry when your a group leader. That problem makes the combat a little slow. Other than that I am now in love with Arma in general. The gameplay is a whole lot more fun than all these brand new FPS's and it really throws you into the battle and isn't just point and shoot but brings it to a whole new playing level, making it feel that much more real. I have to say what makes the games a million times better is the Modding community. There is never a single day where I am bored of playing this game, other than my inexperience with scripting in the editor, making it hard to look around and find solutions to my problems. I would seriously recommend this game for someone looking to have fun, sharpen their senses, or both.
game-hours: 143.8
review: I absolutly love this game though i have a bad pc and this game is very demanding (my pc runs at 10-30 fps with low settings) it is still very fun
game-hours: 11.7
review: This game is Mad. Best Army simulator thing ive tried
game-hours: 488.0
review: Good game. A lot like Arma 2 but with better graphics. Lots of fun although I think it's still a little buggy. I don't think It's worth $80 but it would be worth it on sale.
game-hours: 20.9
review: Become a seagull when someone joins with bad files. Best game.
game-hours: 439.4
review: Great game recommend it to anyone. One of the best games i have played and graphics are amazing. many gamemodes for you to try out and DLC.
game-hours: 154.7
review: A brilliant game but it does have its limits. I think that there's not anything wrong with the game but I can see room for minor improvements like maybe more maps like town and city maps in a forrest enviroment like on Arma 2 so we can get the best of both games. I understand this game was only released 'recently' but I still think that great things will come of this game. I recommend it to all my friends since the online features like the different servers allows you to play how you want.
game-hours: 821.5
review: you will play for years
game-hours: 48.3
review: so awsome, a must-have game!!
game-hours: 29.2
review: had some fun
game-hours: 111.7
review: Love it, Altis life rolling around with the clans always a good time when coppas stop a car filled to the top full of heroin XD
game-hours: 109.2
review: good game
game-hours: 1222.4
review: This is the best simulation war game i have played. THE BEST!
game-hours: 77.5
review: Best tactical shooter. Thats it!
game-hours: 48.1
review: The game rocks!
game-hours: 219.4
review: Not perfect, but in its core mechanics the best ArmA available. With weekly updates in devbranch, thousands of missions in the workshop and with mod integration into the workshop coming soon it will last a long time.
game-hours: 3.8
review: From what I've played, this game is not work the $40 on the sale, let alone ing $60. You need a maxed out PC to play this game at 55-60 FPS constantly. I have a GTX 670 (2GB VRAM), 16GB of installed RAM, and 3.40 GHz Quad Core i5, and I have to run this game on low-normal settings just to get 30 FPS on modes such as King of the Hill (where more players are present, but I still get low FPS on the wasteland mod). You're better off buying the ARMA 2 bundel with Operation Arrowhead and finding a steam group that has events for this sort of stuff, or a wasteland ARMA 2 server all together. ARMA 3 does not live up to my low-set expectations.
game-hours: 42.1
review: I basically wish a refund
game-hours: 503.7
review: Its a good game 10/10
game-hours: 98.2
review: 10/10
game-hours: 213.7
review: Probably the best game I have ever played with endless hours of fun. There is always a new mod to try out or game mode to play and multiplayer is its key selling point.
game-hours: 4.0
review: ARMA 3 is a great game,if you kown how to enjoy it
game-hours: 264.8
review: dont walk across Altis when playing this game...you'll have 30 hours by the time you hit the other side...
game-hours: 209.6
review: great graphics. love the game and the mods
game-hours: 16.4
review: A2 but with all bugs fixed, well most, but I'm very upset that I bought it at the beginning of the week and wasn't thinking of Steam Summer Sale, and now its $20 less. GRRRR. But yeah this ArmA is way more realistic, way improved, weapon customization, smoother gameplay, and if you are really looking for some tactical realism, this game is home to the most serious gaming clans. But hey ITS $40!! BUY IT!
game-hours: 376.0
review: Amazing game I love it
game-hours: 439.7
review: If you like some realistic gunplay or some fun roleplaying type fps games I thing this would be a good buy for anybody.
game-hours: 0.8
review: crazy good game. im temted to buy it but its a bit too expencive in my opinion (and does not fit in my buget). i was however able to get hold of it for an hour (free download event) and it was good fun and enjoyd every second of that hour.
game-hours: 120.0
review: Game
game-hours: 29.6
review: This has got to be the most challenging, strategic, and fun game on the market. If you like using your brain to get yourself out of seemingly impossible situations then this game is for you. The first campaign mission was not as fun but as the story develops the missions get better and better. The game is also absolutely stunning and looks like a movie at all times.
game-hours: 275.4
review: 10/10, most engaging tactical shooter I've played in a long time.
game-hours: 18.5
review: purchase, download, boot up, strap in, drop in, swim in, so many things to shoot, drive, fly, in this game...
game-hours: 238.2
review: Had a lot of fun on this game with mainly the wasteland and life mods
game-hours: 59.9
review: Having followed this franchise since it's original appearance as Operation Flashpoint back in the late 90's it struck me as game to follow, and for good reason. It wasn't a game about running in guns blazing (although you're welcome to give that a go), it was a simulation of what war is like, where one minute you could be running through a field with your squad to hold the town and then the next you get clipped by a bullet from got knows where because you were just in the wrong place at the wrong time. If you want a game that is a corridor shooter, with arcade reflexes and regenerating health, then this isn't the game for you. If you like a challenge, like realism and immersion then deffinately give this a go. On another plus side, the devs are always updating this franchise with patches and has one of the best modding communities out there. If the devs have't done it yet, then the modding community more than likely has.
game-hours: 159.2
review: Absolutely love it! This is a must have for anyone into military anything
game-hours: 3.4
review: no
game-hours: 43.6
review: Nice
game-hours: 281.5
review: I highly reccomend this game, it is very intense, and extremley imersing, it takes a high level of skill to play in any multiplayer game, wether it be a Wasteland server, or a Capture The Island server. The AI are higly inteligent, and if put on a high level, nearly impossible to beat, the game is very well put together, and I recommend this for pretty Hardcore gamers, because it isn't a casual play through game, but it is well worth the time you invest in it, belive me.
game-hours: 148.0
review: Great game.
game-hours: 14.9
review: Ho-lee .
game-hours: 776.7
review: Epic....
game-hours: 497.5
review: I've had Arma 3 for a while now, and I'd have to say it is my favorite military game of all time. Of course it has it's glitches and lack of vehicles and weapons, but those can all be fixed by the community. There are so many memorable situations that you can get yourself into. For example, I was recently playing some Arma 3 Wasteland and about a minute after I spawned in, I ran into 3 enemies. At first I thought there was only one so I took him out with a few rounds from an assault rifle I had just found in a nearby building. I heard him yelling over the mic during the last few seconds of his life "There's a guy here trying to kill me, you guys need to get over here!" so after I stole his hard-earned money from his corpse, I layed in some nearby bushes waiting to pounce on his incoming friends. When they arrived I managed to take out one before my rifle ran dry and I was left to the mercy of the remaining two's machine guns. Moments like these are what make playing Arma 3 a truly unique experience. I highly recommend the game.
game-hours: 157.7
review: ing sucks, forget finding a altis life sever, or finding someone to help you.
game-hours: 360.7
review: The best war simulator on the marke despite the exesive CPU and memory usage. Still the best.
game-hours: 8.6
review: This is a great game to play if you are trying to get a headache quickly. 400/10
game-hours: 43.1
review: Not a huge fan of this game, but....I am really liking the Breaking Point mod for it. Is it worth $60 ? Not for the game, but for the mod, it could be close. Keep an eye out on sales for arma 3, get it then, and immediately download the breaking point mod. Much better
game-hours: 492.8
review: Melhor simulador de guerra !
game-hours: 128.8
review: This is a fun filled game full of many game modes and what to play with friends. this is hard to learn for new comers with all the stat and controls but you can learn it over a hour or two. this is a good buy if you have friends , i have a hard time playing this game alone for lone hours but i can make so much fun out of this game. I recommed this game if you have friends buying or has it all ready. Have a great day and sorry for my grammer :)))))
game-hours: 139.2
review: First time playing alits life i got ran over by a cop. 10/10
game-hours: 1257.0
review: Arma 3 is a tactical shooter simulator the best game ever 9.5/10
game-hours: 171.5
review: Arma 3 is a great game if you loved previous chapters and you enjoy combined arms wanna-be simulators. It's completely customizable and has an experienced community developing tons of additional content. Unfotunately the game suffers from an old engine concept limitations' wich makes everything feel clunky and buggy. The single player campaign is one of the worst ever created and doesn't reflect at all what a military operation is but it's there so if you want to give it a shot.. Plus the plot has almost no effort put in it. ArmA series fortunately relies for the 1% on single player campaign and 99% on community made content and coop multiplayer wich is the real core of the game. A must have if you want to join a clan that plays this game as a serious simulation.
game-hours: 336.8
review: F**King Fantastic
game-hours: 43.2
review: Best game/sim/rpg I have ever played to date
game-hours: 106.0
review: THE MOST REALISTIC MILITARY SIMULATOR EVER MADE. I WISH THERE WERE BETTER AND MORE ANIMATIONS FOR THE INFANTRY LIKE RUNNING FOR COVER, AUTO-JUMP OBSTACLES, REALISTIC ANIMATIONS FOR ENTERING VEHICLES, MORE REALISTIC DAMAGE,HIT AND DESTRUCTION SYSTEMS, FOR SOLDIERS, VEHICLES AND BUILDINGS. AND OF-COURSE SMARTER AI. THE CAMPAIGN WAS ALSO DISAPPOINTING. I KNOW IT'S AN MP GAME MAINLY BUT A SOLID CAMPAIGN WITH MANY, MANY MISSIONS THAT KEEP THE USER BUSY FOR LOT'S OF HOURS + TAKING ADVANTAGE OF ALL THE THINGS THE GAME HAS TO OFFER IS A BIG PLUS IN MY BOOK. OTHER THAN THAT... HIGHLY RECOMMENDED MILITARY SIM!!! WELL DONE BIS!
game-hours: 255.4
review: This game is fantastic, The campaign is a really nice addition, but the main focus is the multiplayer and coop aspects. The amount of possibilities of different missions you can do with the editor are pretty much endless, and the community is really active and produces a lot of great mods and add-on missions for you and your friends to play. The amount of fun you can have with this game is insane, especially if you have more than 3 people playing. The game runs pretty smooth most of the time, you can expect a stable 40 fps on Altis with a fairly good PC. Personally, I haven't experienced any huge bugs for quite a while. So if you still haven't got the game, and you love the combined arms aspect of war and tactical play, this game suits those needs quite well.
game-hours: 69.7
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 254.0
review: You only buy ARMA 3 for the mods. The rest of the game and missions are lacking allot! But if you like Altis Life and other mods, then this is the game for you. But the Net-Code is just as bad or worse then BF4 so keep that in mind. But this is not a DICE/EA game so you should buy it and teach EA a lesson!
game-hours: 118.6
review: If you are looking for a ground combat simulation, then this is definitely for you. The game features a vast range of weapons and equipment. It also come with a powerful editor, allows you to create your own missions and scenarios.
game-hours: 191.2
review: this isnt a very detailed review but yea this isnt just another fps fast action game or another rts at all. if youre new to the genre its more like operation flashpoint if youve played that. if not its about as realistic to real life mil sim as you can get. you will die alot even, fire fights can be anywhere from several hundred meters away or up in your face. you will either love it or hate it
game-hours: 177.8
review: Can be awesome if you can get ahold of some of the great mods AND a good group of folks to play MP with. Other than that, you probably won't have much fun. I've been playing ARMA titles since Operation Flashpoint came out.
game-hours: 677.1
review: Such a great game.
game-hours: 3.2
review: Top notch couldnt go wrong with this game
game-hours: 0.2
review: Super game !
game-hours: 584.6
review: Amazing game It is very realistic and very awesome I recommend it
game-hours: 134.7
review: Good Action Game
game-hours: 5.4
review: It is so fun!!!!!!
game-hours: 120.5
review: its pretty cool
game-hours: 41.9
review: Drove for 50 minutes. Got out, got sniped. 10/10
game-hours: 1.3
review: Probably the best shooter i've ever played!
game-hours: 1.8
review: lol i don't even own this ing game
game-hours: 220.3
review: Fantastic gameplay multiple gamemodes to which you can edit them to your liking and personal interest..... Great player base too
game-hours: 98.4
review: Sweet Game
game-hours: 165.4
review: There is just so much to do in the ARMA series that if you're a fan of first person shooters, there really is no reason not to have this simulation in your library. I may be a little bias since I've loved the ARMA series since the very early days of ARMA 2, but there is also very little not to love in any ARMA simulation. If the base game just isn't enough for you, there's also a few hundred mods you can install to make the experience funner and more immersive. I would recommend ARMA 3 to everyone, there is so many different roles to play offline and online it'd be hard for you to not be able to enjoy the sim and have some fun.
game-hours: 54.2
review: awesome game....should get it
game-hours: 46.3
review: SO much Fun. The multiplayer is so submersive, and the campaign is realistic as heck and not short either. If you love realism in shooters, then this game is for you
game-hours: 442.6
review: An unbelievable step forward in nearly every respect within an already great series. Graphically sublime with most improvements focusing on animation and gameplay fluidity. Steam workshop has made the world of modding and mission making bigger and more accessible than ever before. Game's really awesome so far.
game-hours: 295.4
review: Really fun game, I found myself building my own missions based on my experiences in afghanistan. I like the level of interaction in the editor.
game-hours: 247.0
review: I officially declare this game to have one of the 3 worst single player campaigns I have ever experienced in my long gaming career. WHYYYY?! Why did these guys waste so much time on something that that they are not good at, instead of fixing the existing bugs and adding custom content? Arma III is unique, like a special needs kid who's messed up in the head but can also hack through the most advanced security system. It has a lot of potential but you have to have a monster PC and swim through a lake of cr*p to get to the good parts. Disappointed I am very much so far, but I can't not recommend this game, even in its broken state. I am however probably going to revert to Arma II.
game-hours: 615.9
review: This is the best game ever! There is so much to do cant go wrong with this buy.
game-hours: 180.8
review: It's a lot like minecraft with all the mods and stuff... except without the blocks, and swords, and with more guns and explosions. but really though good game with free content
game-hours: 3.1
review: If dark souls was a shooter, this would be it....
game-hours: 206.5
review: My first game on A3 brought me the most horrific experience I've ever had in any game, ever. We're on our way to the objective, a small dump east of a town occupied by enemy forces. I'm leading a team of 4 men. We come to a crossroad and I sprint across, telling my men to hold back. I cross a few more times, trying to get a response from any snipers. Nothing. I run, my SAW gunner runs, my medic runs. But I kept my Marksman on the other side to make sure we'd make it across. Anybody seen Full Metal Jacket all the way through? Remember the sniper scene? The marksman takes a round in the leg as we're running and goes down. He then takes two more in the chest. The kid who was playing had some mad acting skills, he played it up to 11 here. He screams as he's being shot. Crawling, drenched in his own blood. "SARGE? YOU AIN'T LEAVING ME OUT HERE LIKE THIS, RIGHT? I-I WANNA GO WITH YOU GUYS! C'MON SARGE, H-HELP ME! C'MON! PLEASE DON'T LEAVE ME!" he died after that. I cried and he respawned. 11/10, would recommend getting.
game-hours: 73.8
review: This is not a game for people who want fast action movie style gaming, this is a game for people who appreciate the finer things. Having done both military service and picked up MILSIM airsoft as a hobby this game is the closest you will get to what goes on in reality. There are experiences you will have in ARMA 3 that can not be had in COD or BF, experiences that will have you shaking from the adrenaline release. One that comes to mind was a mission to destroy an enemy comms tower, I was squad leader of 8 or so AI:s. As we approached the Comms tower and I told my men to go stealth, no firing unless fired upon. We moved slowly taking advantage of terrain, keeping an watchful eye for enemy patrols. Once the tower was in visual range pace slowed even more and I spent the better part of 30 minutes just looking for enemy patrols and advancing to about 200 meters from the tower. There I positioned my men to cover a wide firing arc as I had spotted quite a few patrols moving in and about the tower. I considered opening fire and probably being able to drop a good portion of the enemy before they could zero in on our position. But a firefight is always a risk, and these AI had been around for a few missions and I had started to anthropomorphize them a bit and secondly I might get hit and killed. As I considered how I would start the engagement a sudden hole opened up in the patrol pattern, I realised the tower is unguarded and I had an opportunity to do something I had not considered. I got up and ran as fast as I could towards the tower, all the time expecting the bullets to start cracking above my head. I kept scanning as I ran whizzling through bushes trying to pick a path that the least visibility to any patrols. After what seemed like far too long I reached the tower and threw out a satchel charge and another for good measure, if one would not bring the tower down it would sure attract attention. I turned around and made my way back, as I closed on my men I started ordering them to fall back, hope growing that I might get out of this alive. Falling back to about 400 meters I finally detonated the satchel charges and the tower fell, from there it was just a short run to the truck and back to Command. I had done it. I had pulled off the perfect mission, not a shot fired and all under my command back alive. That is what this game is about.
game-hours: 576.8
review: Oh man. Where to even begin with this one. It would be an extreme disservice to simply call Arma 3 a shooter, as it is so, so much more than that. Arma 3 is a military simulator. This is a distinction that its developers hold sacred and are proud of, and one to which I can attest is completely accurate and deserved. But its even more than that. Arma 3 is a gaming platform, upon which so much has already been and will continue to be built for years to come. At its core though, Arma 3 in a supremely excellent military sim. The graphics are stunning, the gameplay is excellent, the mechanics are solid, and Bohemia Interactive has done an absolutely amazing job packaging this all together. New comers to the Arma series (as I was) may initially be overwhelmed by the games complex mechanics and decidedly different pace from your typical FPS/shooter. Enemy engagements happen at much greater distance than is typical in the genre and are often brief, brutal, and more times than not will conclude with your demise. There is no handholding here. No mini-maps, no enemy UI icons/indicators, no hit markers, no health bars. If you get shot a couple of times, you will find yourself unceremoniously dispatched. While this creates a high barrier for entry and a steep learning curve for new players, it provides a unique and distinctive play style. Situational awareness, cover, teamwork, suppressive fire, and generally moving purposefully and as if your  depended on knowing what was behind the next ridge or hiding in the bushes are paramount to your success. Add to these infantry mechanics the amazingly rendered vehicles, armor, helicopters, and planes, each with their own realistic mechanics to learn and master, and you end up with a truly amazing military simulation experience. Out of the box, Arma comes with a great single player campaign comprised of 3 separate acts, each containing ~12-15 missions. The campaign focuses on a well crafted story of a military conflict that has erupted over Arma 3s two HUGE islands of Stratis and Altis. You play the part of a NATO soldier who finds himself stuck in the middle of a complex engagement. The campaign is rewarding, and challenging. (I have yet to complete it as Im stuck on one mission that I simply cant seem to complete.) However the single-player campaign is FAR from the end of this title. The mission editing tools have allowed this amazing community to develop some absolutely awesome single player missions, all of which can be downloaded free of charge from the Steam workshop and numerous other sites around the interwebs. I would also recommend you check out the supremely excellent full game conversion single player mods Whole Lotta Altis and Dynamic Universal War System which will provide countless additional single player hours and could be completely stand alone titles in themselves. Oh and the multiplayer, oh god the multiplayer. Wasteland, King of the Hill, Invade and Annex, Battle Royale, Breaking Point, so many Co-Op opportunities, the amazing looking upcoming Epoch (currently in closed Alpha). Im sure there are so many others that I havent even discovered yet. Each of these represent COMPLETELY USER GENERATED and totally disparate ways to play Multiplayer within the Arma 3 platform. By purchasing Arma 3, you immediately have access to each of these completely gratis and each could essentially be considered totally separate game. In wrapping up this lengthy review, Arma 3 is an amazing experience and a true accomplishment in game development. It is the only game in recent memory that I can say with confidence that I never get bored with playing. Bohemia Interactive has made it clear that they plan to support this game for years to come, and they have built something amazing on which the possibilities are truly endless. Purchase this game. Purchase it now. Thank me later. (IF YOU DO NOT FIND MY REVIEW HELPFUL, please leave a comment as to why. I welcome the constructive feedback.)
game-hours: 92.3
review: Children play Call of Duty Boys play Battlefield Men play ARMA
game-hours: 46.7
review: If you have friends, this is a great game to play with them. If you don't have any friends, this is a great game to play alone. If you don't have the game to play, get the money for it. If you don't have the money for it, get a job. If you don't have a job, rob the bank. If you get arrested robbing the bank, at least you tried.
game-hours: 2694.0
review: After some 1,400 hours on the game, I can say with FULL VALIDITY this game has ruined my life. If you like realistic physics, teamwork, and every form of warfare, this game is for you. 10/10
game-hours: 919.3
review: Can't tell you if you should buy it or not, but I can tell you this. You will find annoying bugs, highly requested features that isn't there and lack of content if you're not satisfied with what you have. But when you really get down to it, and experience some of the awesome scenarios you can get in multiplayer and custom sp mission, it's something magical you just can't find in any other game. Arma is not a game which you pick up at launch, play the campaign and a bit of mp, and then trow away. You buy it, love it or hate it, and then play it forever or trow it away immediatly. Arma is a game which you can never called finished. There will always be added to it, be it user or official content, fixes, features or optimizations. Hope I expressed myself correctly and that you learned something from it :) If you like realistic shooters and organized large scale multiplayer warfare, this will be your gem! I'll give it a 9/10, simply because: screw bugs, I've used hundreds of hours on Arma 3 that I would never take back. READ: I will not accept random friend requests! If you have a question, please post it in the comments.
game-hours: 958.1
review: It's not a good 'game' for newbies. No, it's not... I use to sit at a place and watch the sunset. I have no idea how to actually shoot, drive and complete missions. It's like my personal sunset simulator. And it's damn beautiful. 10/10
game-hours: 457.1
review: I have owned this game for a number of weeks now and I have been completely hooked. Great game for the more serious war gamer, not for those who prefer the fast paced combat that you get from Call of Duty series which I consider more for the younger gamers anyway. Arma 3 moves a lot slower and is more squad based than other war games, similar to Battlefield series only slower than that when playing online and you may find yourself on 10 minute helicopter rides just to get into the battlefield and you will be highly satisfied with each kill you make as you know a single round landed by your enemy could be fatal regardless of the weapon they are using. You will have to make good use of any cover you can find and hit the dirt as soon as you hear a bullet crack over your head and then very carefully survey the surrouding area and work out where you are taking fire from as it will usually not be obvious where the fire is coming from and you will find yourself having to hold up for 10-20 minutes in a single location (sometimes longer, I personally have gotten pinned in one location for over an hour) because you are either pinned by enemy fire or it is too dangerous to move forward. You will need to buffer up on your mic communication skills as most players use proper phonetics etc when relaying information to each other on the battlefield such as coordinates and other reconaissance. You can not respawn as quickly as you can in CoD if you are taken down by enemy fire so staying alive is more crucial than any other war game you have played and you wanna hope you are moving up with a squad that has a medic. The graphics are great, the game is a little glitchy at times and the controls take a little getting used to. I recommend buying this game to any serious war game enthusiasts who want to get as close to war as possible (unless doing paintballing or airgunning), and if you do buy the game - I recommend completing the whole VR Tutorial before actually joining a server or playing the Campaign as you will need to really learn all those different keys that may make the difference in a hairy situation in game.
game-hours: 280.1
review: If you're coming to Arma 3 as an Arma series veteran, you already know what to expect. For the most part, the game hasn't changed since the last installment, but then it's always felt a little bit like Bohemia Interactive are still building on the groundwork laid back in 2001 by Operation Flashpoint, in the world's longest ever game of 'development Buckaroo'. Thankfully, the whole thing has yet to fall to pieces in any significant manner; it's quite happy to continue wobbling uneasily for now. Arma has a reputation. It's known to be frighteningly obtuse, bewilderingly complex, and often hilariously broken. I can tell you right now that Arma 3 is no different, and absolutely still deserves that reputation. Thankfully, I don't think it's unfair to say that this is the closest an Arma game has come to being 'user friendly'. The controls have been tweaked, and the interface refined a little to accommodate more modern tastes. For these improvements alone, I do recommend it to newcomers to the series over any previous entry. Coming from any other modern FPS game, it will still take a good few hours of what can feel an awful lot like hard work to get to grips with the controls, but I honestly think Arma 3 will see a far lower 'drop-out rate' of newbies who were frustrated to the point of giving up by the previous games. At the time of writing, the elephant in the room is the lack of content available. When compared to Arma 2 (which is handsomely bolstered by an array of official expansion packs), the amount of hardware available to play with is frustratingly slim. In many cases, opposing armies are equipped with identical vehicles which get a slightly different paint job at best. For anyone used to the myriad of variants and oddments available in Arma 2, Arma 3 can feel awfully disappointing. Fortunately, this is alleviated to some extent by the strong mod community. It has long been the case that the best parts of the Arma games are the parts not developed by Bohemia Interactive themselves, and Arma 3 is most definitely continuing this 'tradition'. Nevertheless, I can't help but feel that the game could've done with a few months more time in the oven before full public release. Speaking of the mod community, I think it's criminal that almost none of the best, near-indispensible mods from Arma 2 have been officially integrated. For a self-professed 'war simulator', Arma 3 is hugely lacking in basic features like being able to rest your weapon on surfaces (even with a visible bipod), or tow damaged vehicles. For all its flaws, though, Arma 3 is still a blast to play. If you can find a decent group of like-minded gamers with access to a voice-over-net server, you're in for some of the best gaming you'll ever experience. Sure, you'll probably have to load up on mods to satisfy your need for variety. And sure, sometimes the game will crash spectacularly, or the physics engine will flip out and kill you for standing too close to a wall. But when you're standing on a hilltop, looking out over an enemy outpost with your squadmates while a CAS helicopter strafes an enemy APC and spots targets for a distant sniper team; when everything clicks together in the way that only Arma can manage, you'll be glad to have been along for the ride.
game-hours: 212.6
review: Only to angry people that are pashent not x call of duty players because that s^*(ts fake arma 3 is the defnation simulator game!
game-hours: 3.4
review: Its phun I guess
game-hours: 10.5
review: great game
game-hours: 21.7
review: ITS ARMA 3 WHY NOT
game-hours: 114.8
review: I was (still am) a huge fan of ARMA 2. When I saw that ARMA 3's campaign was finished, -and- it was on sale, I scooped that dirty thing right up. I tweaked my graphics settings to preference, and fired up the first mission. Instantly, I knew we'd have a fantastic relationship, ARMA 3 and I. She would keep my attentions with well-crafted missions, glorious scenery, and vehicles and weapons that look and feel fun to use. Meanwhile, I would continue the beloved tradition of getting shot in the everything. First mission goes off without a hitch. In fact, A3 feels like it runs even better than A2, despite the myriad improvements in graphics and gameplay systems. It felt -just- challenging enough, without being too hard to enjoy or too easy to be interesting. There were long periods full of much running and dialogue, and short but intense firefights. My fireteam partner and I head for a small forest, and the first mission is over. Well done. But I haven't been shot in the face yet, and I've already finished the first mission. I am becoming rather full of myself. Second mission starts. 5 minutes in, my fireteam partner steps on a landmine and bungs himself up. I'm alone, have to reach another group nearby. Leaving the forest, I get shot in the face and die. Touche, ARMA 3. Touche. Reload. I go around the area that presented a clear shot-in-the-face risk to me, and spot the AAF patrol about 200 yards away that must have killed me. Manage to pop one of them as they walk along the top of a ridge. Start moving to get away... *THUMP THUMP THUMP* *Dead*. I have recieved a .50 Cal to the all over. Reload. Head completely opposite both patrols, come up and around. I come up to the top of the ridge and start to sprint across the open road... About 50 yards behind an AAF section and another vehicle mounted .50 cal. I manage to kill one guy by shooting him in his brainhead, then dead. Reload. Go along the same route as the second time, but then move closer to the middle between the patrol that killed me the first time, and the vehicle mounted .50 that got me the second. Patrol spots me, but they're still about 150-200 yards out, and I had them marked the whole time. Pop one guy off right as he stops to aim, then book it like a chimp on speed. Just running between cover while shots from somewhere - I don't know - are luckily managing to hit everywhere -around- me. Get probably 300 metres from the rendezvous point, and a single conniving AAF soldier pops up from behind a shrub. I'll say it. I screamed like a little prepubescent girl, and just lit him up. This was not "24 year old grown man" terrified scream. This was the "I think I may have browned my trou" kind of terrified scream. The kind you reserve for anything typically tagged with "NOPENOPENOPENOPENOPE". A legitimate high-pitched squeal, followed by *BANGBANGBANGBANGBANGBANG* And then I couldn't stop laughing. For about 3 minutes. I thought I was going to puke, and then die from passing out in it. Moral of the story: Buy this game, and experience the joys of ruthless failure. 10/10 WOULD GET SHOT IN THE FACE AGAIN
game-hours: 0.7
review: it is was good game it is nice and you have to try it it is good big map and tankis evrthing
game-hours: 35.4
review: This game is a very good. the graphics are amazing and the game play is just what you would expect out of an arma game. and i love what they did as far as the epoch mod goes. they still have some bugs to work out but nothing you cant work with.
game-hours: 367.0
review: Great game. Much better when you have a lot of friends you can play it with. Solo isn't anywhere near as good
game-hours: 1605.1
review: I Bought this game quite a while back and i am glad i did, I Have had so much fun playing it with all the differant life servers and mods for the game. Would recomend it to anyone
game-hours: 63.2
review: Best ing Game EVER !!!!! So fun to play
game-hours: 7.2
review: found a car and flew off a mountain 10/10
game-hours: 11.2
review: Jumped In, noticed theres no Team Deathmatch, Free-for-All, then realised it was the final product, sadness...Saw BattleRoyale, won my first ever ArmA match, second time, a guy in a pedo van, runs me over, I cant stop laughing. Recomend 101% - NastyIGN - 6969
game-hours: 32.6
review: I felt a man inside me, like I've never felt one before.
game-hours: 18.4
review: I like this game, a lot...but I'm very concerned of why Bohemia wants to keep adding stuff in this game instead of working on the optimization for multiplayer, I get about 40 FPS in campaign on very high settings, but when I go into multiplayer...The FPS bomb drops. I've tried working on the coding to boost the game but nothing works. I hope its fixed
game-hours: 648.0
review: this game is just amazing and just addicting the altis life makes it evern more fun with friends and a great community
game-hours: 1009.2
review: Quite possibly the best FPS experience out there, multiplayer wise, story i wasnt to fond of. For me there isnt a game that comes close to the real deal  as this one does. Very very fun. COD and even battlefield players be warned this game isnt a run and gun in multiplayer, IT REQUIRES TEAMWORK so long as your teammates are not shooting you in the head just to steal your startup cash, it is a very communication teamwork based. Yes you can go it alone but your chances of being surviving and objective or mission in multiplayer dwindle without someone making sure your not gonna get sniped as you go in assuming you dont get killed by the NPC's at that objective. I like how you have to set your range on most medium to long ranged rifle scopes and damn near all vehicle guns/cannons etc. Im telling you now i cant explain this game all in one review just buy it theres nothing more to say other than your crazy if you dont. It is a bit demanding for hardware but if you have Nvidia Card 660ti or above and have the geforce experince and let it optimize the game for you i find that i can get 45-55 fps. Correct me if im wrong others in the community but im pretty sure this game will support 4k.
game-hours: 827.3
review: Never has such a broken game been so fun
game-hours: 63.3
review: Great game, tons of game modes and with friends it can become a really fun experience. ESPECIALLY WASTELAND! :D
game-hours: 13.0
review: listen, i dont really give a  about planning out huge tactical sieges online with my friends or mods or realism or anything like that i just really appreciate that this is a game where i can run myself over with an unmanned jeep
game-hours: 114.8
review: Not only is Arma 3 a great military simulator without mods,with mods you will find yourself lost in the fun of all the mods have to offer.The mods include jumping out of planes to fight against other people,surviving in a world where you have to scavenge for equipment and weapons,and trying to escape an island while the island sinks and meteors crash all around you.All in all this game is a great game that you can enjoy alone or with friends. 11/10 would snipe again!
game-hours: 350.6
review: I loved the new attachment system along with the steam workshop so mission makers could easily upload their awesome or not so awesome missions. What I disliked is the amount of recoil on some weapons and the new weapons themselves they are to futureristic in my opnion. What I did to enjoy the game better as a whole was to install a few mods to help with recoil and then I got a mod called @US_Weapons from a mod downloader called PlayWithSix or PWS. At any rate I wish the best of luck to all the gamers of arma 3 currently and in the future.
game-hours: 120.3
review: BADMANINGTON
game-hours: 45.9
review: Pros: -sick graphics -sick physics -sick control capabilities -awesome dialogue between npcs and player -alot of realism in the camp setups and mission stories -multiplayer is alot of fun if you have 20+ friends Cons: -enemies that can magically see you in full camo while u prone behind bushes at 3-400 meters distance with no zoomed sights or binoculars -appearance of a difficult campaign based on designed circumstances requiring you to "corpse run" your way through it or be Chuck Norris and one man army groups of 30 enemies at a time at 300 meters with nothing but an unsighted crap rifle and no ammo -fatigue system that forces you to walk slowly and stop to rest while your npc partners can sprint 1000 meters in front of you and get killed, leaving you to once again Chuck Norris your way through missions. -over 100 silly keybinds that are not even good as far as default keybinds go and will require at least an hour configuring them so you can use about 20 of them. (Changing from a laptop to a desktop requires you to reconfigure all of them again) -multiplayer requires 20+ friends I recommend this game if you want to hate a game while spending hours afk in a bush because despite what the story requires your character is not Chuck Norris and you can't do anything.
game-hours: 519.2
review: Can shoot guns and pretend you a real soldier even though your most likely not. 10/10
game-hours: 566.1
review: how could i transfer this game to my new steam?
game-hours: 366.2
review: One of the best games I've purchased without regretting it in the end. A+ modding community, great looking graphics, and hundreds of sandbox hours clocked already! Not to mention the already available content is amazing! 8/10 I gave it an 8 because the sound design and particles need work. I would have loved to see a more complex and more realistic sound, physics, and particle engine. The lack of proper vehicle and ragdoll physics is something this game really needs to get right. Sure it has PhysX, but it's not enough... Thanks for a great game, B.I. and modding community!
game-hours: 108.2
review: Great Game really enjoyable i reccomend it to any gamer
game-hours: 216.2
review: its so much fun look at my game time and you will see why this game is so much fun the only thing is i hate paying for add ons thats the only thing which holds it back a tiny bit by 1% game is 9.9 out of 10 really!
game-hours: 1282.5
review: Nice game
game-hours: 13.4
review: With all due respect sir,  you
game-hours: 3.2
review: Good game... add some mods... then Great game.
game-hours: 137.7
review: Military sandboxing at its best. I come from the very first Operation Flashpoint, aka ArmA: Cold War Assault. And from that one, to ArmA, to ArmA II and now III, all it has been are major improvements. Combat, movement, vehicles, graphics, it's just keeps getting better and better. Game still lacks content compared to ArmA II, but its community and potention do promise. This ain't CoD, Battlefield or Payday 2. God rambo and die.
game-hours: 99.4
review: Only not happy about this game due to the fact that the digital delux edition does not have any DLC's with it... Sigh kind of gay, but sort of my fault... but yes now I am buying the rest of the dlc's
game-hours: 4.1
review: This game is one of the most CPU demanding games ive ever played. Yeah it has good gameplay and "graphics", but they optimised it awfuly. And because of that the FPS is bad and so is lag. If they would fix that i would give it around a 8/10. But for now its about a 4/10. I have a GTX 760 and AMD 6300 six core processor with 3.50 GHz and 8 gigs of ram. So its not my PC.
game-hours: 58.9
review: I dont own the game so i dont have a clue if its any good, so i guess i will recomend it for allowing me to recomend it. GG steam.
game-hours: 286.1
review: This game is amazing, if you have friends to play with, if not, do what I do and hop on someones stream with not a lot of viewers and play with them. I made 3 friends that way. Overall arma is an amazing game, it has the style of battlefield but at a much slower pase. The only thing I dont like about arma is how much the DLC is, but its an amazing game.
game-hours: 101.4
review: This game has no limit on the time you can get from it. the campaign story that comes with is brilliant. plot twists all the way and a really good job of easing you into all the features that arma 3 has to offer. It has a very different play style than im used to even compared to arma 3. it took a while of playing until i got good at it and i learned all the controls because belive me there are a lot of controls. lot of controls means that theres alot of different play styles. this game is the definiton of open world and is a military simulator. its very easy to get engrossed in this game. To anyone concerned about not getting enough frames, i have an AMD fx8350 @4.0 (stock speed) and a gtx 770. the settings 'auto detect' ultra, at these settings i get about 30 fps. i found this revolting so i turned them all the way down to low and then just turned up the render distance and object detail, and turned off all post processing. I can maintain 60+fps (about 90) in the open and about 45 in cities and in high AI places. The AI is kind of like the halo marines. I cant tell you how many times i was run over by my own APC or how may times i told my medic to heal that soldier only to have them lie down and die. (he actually glictched into the ground and died. kind of funny in hindsight) This game takes time. it takes time to play through the missions. it takes time to tweak the settings to get the most you can. it takes time to learn the controls. it takes time to learn to combat tactics. it takes time to learn the bullet ballistics. if your willing to invest the time and want a challenging shooter that does so much more than just aim and click, then this is the game for you.
game-hours: 33.8
review: A rocky start but got of to be a great game after a few months. When the game first came out and i got it i wasnt convinced, the campaigns being added gradually was a bit annoying and it had a lot of bugs, now though its a great milsim and a good sequen to ARMA2, the multiplayer is great fun with lots of possibilities including the Zeus mode, which is like an RTS. Recomended, really fun game.
game-hours: 329.3
review: Bad game because of tons of lagg. Fix game engine or stop making games.
game-hours: 403.9
review: this game is awesome from the start , whos not to love a game where any mod works with it? from straight up war down to roleplaying 10/10
game-hours: 22.3
review: Great game few minor glitches but overall singleplayer and multiplayer are fantastic
game-hours: 68.8
review: Amazing game, really good graphics and there is lots to do online.
game-hours: 269.8
review: Called a military simulator but you can also do races, rob the federal reserve, transport illegal drugs and of course do military simulator stuff if that involves you defending a base against multiple tank battalions spawned by your friend who is the god zeus.
game-hours: 21.3
review: Arma 3 is a good simulator to save 'Merica
game-hours: 700.3
review: This is a great game and well worth the money spent. However, since I've been playing from the begining of the Alpha, it's not quite as fresh as I'd like. Good on it's own, but far better with friends, a dedicated server, and some decent co-op missions. The DLC is not worth mentioning, unfortunately.
game-hours: 90.7
review: Arma 3 is way more than a game. Arma 3 has a vast variety of things to do in the game and it gives you an amazing feeling of what its like being in the military. You can fly a helicopter or planes, roll out with a tank or an ordinary car, you can use boats, etc. This game also has amazing graphics and it feels like your in the game. But the best part is the developers. They have made the game way better than when it came out, and they continue to do so. 10/10
game-hours: 10.8
review: Beautiful game. Only downside is that actually shooting people isn't really all that enjoyable. People have a mini-seizure everytime they get shot then ragdoll.
game-hours: 167.1
review: what an unbelivably prestigious military sim.
game-hours: 127.2
review: Great game Worth the money! 10/10
game-hours: 74.3
review: this game is all about war I RECOMEND IT
game-hours: 41.7
review: so far only played the epoch mod. tried the campaign and as soon as im done with the tutorial, i recieve an error message. tried reinstalling the game and deleting the mod files. still doesnt work. but the mods make up for that so id still recommend this game but wait till its on sale, steam always has sales.
game-hours: 180.2
review: question TO THE GAME MAKERS: If i bought the lim addion, should I have all the DLC?
game-hours: 363.5
review: Great milsim, even better with mods!
game-hours: 269.4
review: I tried to go up some stairs but I fell through and died, very realistic army simulator I have to say. In fact, this game is more realistic than real life. As a result, I have learnt several new skills from the game to use in my non virtual life. The first of which would be to undoubtedly be wary of stairs, every since I played this game I have never died in RL while going up stairs. Another skill I have gained while playing life mods is learning how to make and sell drugs. I would be rich by now if I lived in Altis, but im saving for a plane ticket so it won't be long. There isn't enough time to explain every single skill I have learnt from this game but I think even just that one example of surviving stairs is enough to justify buying the game. I cannot recommend this game enough, who knows how many times it has saved my life. 10/10 GOTY all years.
game-hours: 71.8
review: Tip top.
game-hours: 511.5
review: Could easily have an 1000 hours if I didn't work and have a job.
game-hours: 215.7
review: Arma 3 was described to me when I first got into it as a military simulation. I can say without a doubt that it portrays a sence of vastness that in my opinion is unmatched compaired with other games that lean into realism. If you are into CoD this might not be the game for you. Its not particularly fast paced. Your going to find yourself on unexpected 10k ruck march from time to time because you were distracted by the scenery and hit a wall and popped the tire on your vehicle. But when the action happens and it will. Your going to find yourself in the most intence and realistic firefight you will ever have and you just wont find this expierence in another game. I will say this game has a very steep learning curve. I highly reccomend taking the tutorials and practicing before you enter a server to run and gun. At the time of writing this review I have over 200 hours logged and its still every bit as exciting as it was when I first started to play it. I bought this game on sale but I would happily buy it for full price. It is worth every single cent.
game-hours: 179.6
review: Great for Individual play and for large group play. Great DLC's and many gamemodes.
game-hours: 151.0
review: fps only buy if u like 15 fps mothering arma
game-hours: 173.1
review: Stepped on a mine at the end of a mission, after it said I completed said mission. At the start of the next one, I am immediately dead. Thought I could make it work by replaying the previous mission, but no. Still dead. Can't continue the campaign. But other than that, pretty cool game. Blisteringly difficult, most of the times you die, you will have no idea who shot you, or where it was coming from.
game-hours: 2.7
review: Nice Game ! , but i love Battlefield 4.
game-hours: 339.7
review: Jumped out of a chopper under heavy enemy fire, Ran to a bush and hid, Crawled to a rock for better cover, Steadied breathing, Eyes on enemy infantry through sniper sights, B*****d started running through woodland obscuring view, Turned on infrared sights, Accounted for gun sway and bullet drop, BOOM...headshot! 10/10
game-hours: 4.4
review: Awesome... c:
game-hours: 129.9
review: Arma 3 is a very realistic combat simulator. if you are looking for a game with a fast paced shooter and can take a few rounds whilst sprinting this is not the type for you. Due to it being a simulator the pace is much slower and you should be much more tactical in your approach. The game looks amazing and the story line has not a heap of jam packed content but the available content is really good. As a simulator is still gives you many of hours of fun! The available units and arsenal are realistic as it gets. This game is not for the faint hearted, it takes some serious gettting used to but it worth every moment, as it states it truly is a simulator. The multiplayer scenarios are also good, many new updates and patches are quick to fix, with pvp wastleland and an rpg angle to the game also available. Only thing i have as a CON (is from personal choice) is there is no longer any servers playing co-op operations at this time.
game-hours: 395.6
review: THIS iS THE BEST GAME EVER 8888888888888888888881______18888888888888888888888 8888888888888885______1865________18688888888888888 8888888888886________888868__________68688888888888 8888888888__________68888888____________88888888888 888888881___________6888688___18__________688888888 8888888____________88888888888886886888888_66888888 888888___________66888888888888888888688855.6888888 8888_____________888888888__888868888 ________88888 8888____________18888888888888888888__________58888 868_____________8888888888888881___A __________6888 86______________8888888868886_______ _________888 86______________8888888881_______________________88 6______________8888888888________________________86 8______________668888888_________________________88 8______________888888888_________________________68 5______________888888888885_______________________8 :______________8888888888688______________________8 5______________88688888888886_____________________8 8_____________888888__888888:____________________88 8_____________868888___886886____________________88 8____________888888_____5888868__________________88 88___________888888_______888885._______________688 88___________88688_________88888________________888 888________8888888_________58888_______________8888 8886_____18688886___________88861.____________88888 88886___66888888____________88885.___________568888 888886__88888886_____________8888___________8888888 8888888._8888________________8868__________88888888 888888861_886._______________86888_______8888888888 88888888665___________________88888____568888888888 8888888888888________________________88888888888888 88888888888888861_________________68888888888888888 SAID NO1 EVER
game-hours: 51.5
review: Pretty fun with a few friends. Can be hard to get into at first and understand the layout of different game modes but once you do it becomes competitive, fun and thrilling. Being a veteran of Arma 2 crossing into Arma 3 as well as it's friendly DayZ counterparts, I'd suggest this game to mates anytime.
game-hours: 30.8
review: its a game on steam 11/4
game-hours: 19.4
review: My game won't install its really annoying can anybody help?
game-hours: 21.9
review: I love the game but sadly my computer doesnt have the right specs to just play it for as long as i want ive only played for 13 hours/ 45 minute rounds because thats how long it lasts hopefully i can get a new computer and play this game as long as i want but other then that the game is great and really fun with friends!
game-hours: 209.4
review: Uh-May-zing combat simulator
game-hours: 454.4
review: This games engine is 10/10 in Singleplayer, but once things go to Multiplayer, everything goes to hell. After 417 hours i'm pretty much done with it. Sick of the lag and desync issues on every server I play on. I have a fiber optic internet connection, and i7 4770K@4.6Ghz, 2 R9 280X's in Crossfire, and 16GB of RAM. The game is also running off a SSD, that is solely dedicated to it. And yeah blah blah blah, it's Arma and it's always ran bad online, but it's only worth putting up with for so long. No weapons have been added to the base game since I bought it, there was one Helicopters DLC that was okay. This games main selling point is mods, yet running mods on an already desyncing and laggy mess does nothing but make it worse and further the unplayability of it. So, until the multiplayer is at least being worked on to improve framerates, i'm out.
game-hours: 152.5
review: Never knew i couldnt fly through an electric wire with an helicopter until now Blew up Told my friends a hacker killed me 10/10 would lie again
game-hours: 3.4
review: Police Officers With Inferiority Complex Simulator 2015
game-hours: 44.5
review: Arma 3 is an awesome game... I may not have played much of it.But it is very fun to play and the campaign is a challenge (at least to me). I would recommend buying this game if you are doubtful.
game-hours: 112.3
review: much great such sandbox wow doge
game-hours: 1.8
review: Love this game I would recommend it play it NOW NOW NOW!!!!!!
game-hours: 1.3
review: Well, I downloaded this game because it had such good reviews, just wish I'd read some of the negative ones too. After playing for 1.3hrs, I am utterly bored, it just doesn't hit the mark at all. The training bit is boring and drawn out, the instructions are badly done and somewhat confusing, as are all the stupid key commands. Why can't it just get on with the action. Boring game, total waste of money.
game-hours: 0.3
review: Rly bad game.
game-hours: 380.7
review: What sort of idiot limits a game like arma to 2.5gb of ram? anyway sick game with a sick community
game-hours: 159.9
review: One of the worst games I have ever played
game-hours: 379.5
review: best military game ever! there are very interesting mods out there, from altis life over breaking point to epoch. try it!
game-hours: 34.1
review: It's super fun to play with friends and is very interesting.
game-hours: 10.5
review: Splendid idealogy but could use some, how can i say, advancement, the combat doesnt feel so "perfect" as in CS:GO but it does compete with insurgency. Eh id rate is 8/10 recommended if you got friends to play with, 6.5/10 without friends.
game-hours: 76.0
review: Only 4 L33t Plyrs m9
game-hours: 122.3
review: 10/10 would get stopped by the popo in altis life , for not looking left or right when i turn.
game-hours: 102.3
review: Best friggin game ever. Been playing Arma 2 for years now. Will play Arma 3 for years to come. If there is an aspect about this game you don't like, then theres probably a mod for that! Seriously, check out mods like Arma 3 life, epoch or breaking point. Arma 3 is not just a fun game by itself, but the mods make this any gaming experience you want it to be. If you like FPS, this is really the only game you need!
game-hours: 43.7
review: Do you have a regular fun gaming Day? - Play this. Do you have a boring day? - Play this. This game is always fun and you get stuck easily. Buy this and you will have hours of fun in front of the computer. Believe me.
game-hours: 132.0
review: Overall a decent game but with some major issues, game play is ok although AI is buggy and also cheat (knows you are behind them when they have no idea). Movement is jurky especially when prone and trying to move through door ways, potentially getting you killed or spotted (since you will stand up randomly behind cover) and the saving on the campaign is awful and unfair. (You can only save once when on a patrol or mission and you will have to replay parts of missions over and over again) The wide variety of guns and vehicles is great, however the game engine in its current stake is far from complete and needs a overhall, very dissapointing. The game could be a lot better. Mods help the game flourish and so does the community and server game modes. Overall rating 6/10 Needs a lot of improvement.
game-hours: 369.3
review: It's amazing! And It's only in fudging Alpha! :D
game-hours: 38.1
review: Yes this is a great game, but the hardware requirement are to low i can't play on servers but single player is great.
game-hours: 556.1
review: This games definetly for people who like to be imaginative in the Military Action category. I like the tactical mechanics but I wish they'd change the fighting style of infantry when your a group leader. That problem makes the combat a little slow. Other than that I am now in love with Arma in general. The gameplay is a whole lot more fun than all these brand new FPS's and it really throws you into the battle and isn't just point and shoot but brings it to a whole new playing level, making it feel that much more real. I have to say what makes the games a million times better is the Modding community. There is never a single day where I am bored of playing this game, other than my inexperience with scripting in the editor, making it hard to look around and find solutions to my problems. I would seriously recommend this game for someone looking to have fun, sharpen their senses, or both.
game-hours: 143.8
review: I absolutly love this game though i have a bad pc and this game is very demanding (my pc runs at 10-30 fps with low settings) it is still very fun
game-hours: 98.5
review: Despite the fact, that this game is far from being optimalized, it is still a step forward in the Arma saga. Get this game asap it is a hell of a fun!
game-hours: 13.6
review: Best milsim sandbox money can buy.
game-hours: 6.9
review: This game is so poorly optimized its a joke. Runs at <24fps on my GTX780ti / i7-3770k. The worst PC Exclusive title out there tbh.
game-hours: 125.1
review: I love this gammmmmeee!
game-hours: 67.6
review: I loved arma 2 and i love arma 3, it is a very cpu intensive game but worth it. runs smooth and if it is on sale it is worth it
game-hours: 0.9
review: great looking game altho it has probably the worst control setup of shooter i have played. after 30 minutes of trying to figure out how to walk and turn trying different key configurations i gave up.
game-hours: 659.4
review: Don't question me... just buy this game and play Altis Life immediately under the multiplayer options. You're welcome.
game-hours: 146.2
review: The arma series is fantastic in its flexibility and mod support, arma 3 is no exception. the shiny new engine is great, still a bit clunky with a few underlying bugs but definitely a step up from arma 2.
game-hours: 10.7
review: This game is for elite gamers. People looking for a FPS, should look elsewhere. With that said, its absolutely amazing
game-hours: 242.0
review: This game is awesome. All of the content that comes with the game is great, and there is a lot more to download off of the internet that adds even more to the game. It really does so much right.
game-hours: 118.4
review: If Socom Navy Seals (PS Series), Just cause, and Battlefield (of old) had a baby that baby would be Arma. Some of the things Ive done on this game can't be duplicated anywhere else. This game is amazing, teamwork is essential as is a mic imho. Take the time to bind your keys to get the best out of the game. I haven't had this much fun in an fps in a long time (Halo ce/goldeneye days) I got this on sale but if I could over again I'd pay retail without hesitation. This game is as timeless as Skyrim in my eyes, it's got mod support and the Zeus addon that would add hour and hours of gameplay.
game-hours: 99.9
review: The only downside is how I can shoot friendly players in the back, or scare them by firing a high powered sniper rifle near them. Extremely fun if you have a sense of humor.
game-hours: 2365.0
review: Buy it, feel it, love it!
game-hours: 458.6
review: Great fun but a bit clunky at times, mods for this game make it much better :D
game-hours: 1047.0
review: stupid fin update wont let me play
game-hours: 130.2
review: amazing game really love playing this would recommend it to all my friends
game-hours: 85.4
review: Highly recommended for those wanting realism this would be as close as can get.
game-hours: 179.1
review: Really fun to play with friends, 10/10 from me on how realistic the shooting is.
game-hours: 174.8
review: FRICKIN AMAZING
game-hours: 1.1
review: It's pretty based I'm not gonna lie.
game-hours: 92.0
review: Love it or hate it, but you won't be on the fence about it. I love it and if I had time it would swallow my life whole. (Un?)Fortunately there's another (none) game out there that can do the same; Rocksmith 2014 and I can't put that one down either so at tqeh moment RS2014 is winning out, but I have no doubt I will return to Arma 3 and loose a whole other chunk of my life!!!
game-hours: 9.2
review: VERY GOOD GAME!
game-hours: 45.8
review: Very good military simulator.
game-hours: 29.1
review: in my opionion i prefer arma 2 op arrowhead, however this game is more customizable with your character (always a good thing) and it is definatle more pretty than A2. if your into the growing "futuristic" modern warfare games, this is a great one!
game-hours: 54.2
review: Earlier today I was in a game where this guy "Jack" would just repeatedly teamkill everyone. The person in charge of the game smote him with a ing crazy lightning bolt, and spawn butterflys on his corpse. Then we had an ATV race down a ravine, and the GM called a missile strike on the finish line. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 156.5
review: ooooh man
game-hours: 42.0
review: Zeus was the best thing to ever happen to this game!
game-hours: 67.1
review: It Nice. Very Nice.
game-hours: 120.0
review: completely unpolished game with an engine that runs poorly. expect crashes often and low fps on even the best rigs. down right terrible execution of a game/idea.
game-hours: 185.4
review: You think you gonna shoot  in this game? You dont. You walk, you run. This is running simulator.
game-hours: 142.7
review: Great simulation mechanics and awesome graphics fidelity.
game-hours: 6.8
review: Enough with arcadey nonsense. This is realistic combat simulator. Mods are fun.
game-hours: 247.6
review: After you play this you will find you that you wasted a lots of time on call of duty and battlefield
game-hours: 68.9
review: I bought Arma 3 just for Breaking point... It was nice to play Breaking point... but ya... glitches... - you die because you get stucked somewhere... - a friend got stuck in a rock, he only got out because we got close with a vehicle... - hackers... - Cars blowing up for no reason... - etc... I bought also Arma 2 for Dayz... I the Future i'm no gonna buy anything from Bohemia Interactive. Goodbye Bohemia Interactive !
game-hours: 38.7
review: well.... if you like being shot on a server my your own team for getting into the the wrong heli then this game is for you but it is very good to play with friends
game-hours: 428.0
review: "The best sandbox war game of the year" Arma 3 is a continuation to the Arma series by Bohemia Interactive, taken to the next level. With increased player control/movement, enhanced mechanics for vehicles, weapon systems (if you buy it), flight models (if you buy it -_-), and much more! The control in tight spaces should be worked on, this is no call of duty, the controls are clunky, but are a vast improvement over the previous installment (arma 2). Another of the top complaints of this game is the NETCODE. It is terrible under load, but again, is much better than arma 2.
game-hours: 230.4
review: Probably one of my favorite and most played games 10/10 <3
game-hours: 133.0
review: Kill . Get moaned at. Get banned. Cri evritim. Play again. Repeat. 10/10
game-hours: 48.1
review: highly recommend
game-hours: 38.3
review: Buy it for the multiplayer.
game-hours: 218.1
review: yesh
game-hours: 51.8
review: Good game with friends :3
game-hours: 2.3
review: One of the best walking simulators on the market. Challenges even day z
game-hours: 415.5
review: If you love milsim, or just the realism and simulation, then ArmA is the game for you! ArmA 3 specifically is much better optimized, at least for me so far, than the previous games. Huge improvements since ArmA and ArmA 2!
game-hours: 20.6
review: I played ArmA before DayZ came out. Now it's so ing mainstream. I'm tired of this .. . Don't even buy this crap. It's terrible and everyone who plays is either a giant  or a  12 year old .
game-hours: 210.4
review: I can only really write this game in a pro's and con's kinda way since there's good and bad about it. Pros: great multiplayer with steam workshop for custome content better graphically than arma 2 with smooth gameplay underwater aspect i.e diving. still kind of a combat sim with AI kind of following a noise and vision detection system Zeus is a great idea that as far as i know hasnt been done before. Cons: Campaign isn't that good with squads running in and dying which messing up the gameplay really traded game mechanic's for graphic's Maps aren't really all that interesting smaller range of weapons and vechiles (more plain and uninteresting) Game is supposed to be realistic but falls flat when you shoot an enemy in the head and they just kind of flintch, as well as having perfect accuracy even with iron sights. friendly AI are annoying to control and makes it more of an inconvenience to give them commands. In conclusion what makes this game fun is the online content that others have made but it's still very much lacking in anything that makes it pass it's predecessor, people have even made maps and mods so it's more like arma 2. they could have done alot better with it. I would recommend this game due to it's online content and new zeus mode which makes the game replayable time and time again. there may be alot more cons than pro but the con's and just small things compared to the fun the game can offer.
game-hours: 32.3
review: This game requires you to be heads-up at all times. The campaign always keeps you on edge, and the variety of multiplayer gamemodes gives you plenty to take part in online.
game-hours: 305.9
review: The best game in a long long time.
game-hours: 330.6
review: Landed hellicopter on tower four. Ejected off the side of tower four.
game-hours: 198.7
review: Arma3 is a first person shooter that is set in a large sandbox like area. Every player and npc drops every single item he had while he died.There are tons of different backpacks, guns, sights, vehicles etc. Every single house can be entered. In the solo campaign you are either on your own or following orders at first. Later on you control a small group of soldiers. This gameplay can offer a lot, but its not my style of playing shooters. The campaign is linear. Its sad to see, that Arma offers this huge sandbox, but the missions are that linear, that you can simply not leave your path. Even the "sandbox" mission are designed in a way, that most places are blocked by tons of troops or even tanks not allowing you to go far off the designed path. The coop missions are very difficult and some of them are really using the large map. You can attack where ever you want, steal vehicles or even helicopters and move around. Sadly, there are only very few mission like that. So the content of the game is not worth buying and i usually do not recomment games like Arma3. BUT ..... The engine of the game is worth buying. There are tons of (free) selfmade coop missions and mods. With Arma3 you get thousands of coop missions, mods that play out like Battlefield on various scales, DayZ related mods, where you build up bases and farm equipment and so on. In the end, the developers of Arma3 sell you the engine with very little content. The community gives you the content for free. Every new mod is like a new game, so you can have endless hours of fun in Arma and thats why its worth buying.
game-hours: 2.5
review: is good but make it free to play!
game-hours: 64.0
review: I don't play classic Arma 3 modes, BUT i play BattleRoyale and it's AWESOME! Highly recommended for expirienced FPS players who love hardcore gaming. Sadly Arma 3 has lots of troubles with fps and it not so easy to google the solution, but it's still very good game!
game-hours: 6.1
review: Best Game EVER!
game-hours: 133.3
review: Very well made, robust and fun game. The graphics are great and the game runs smoothly. The one thing that annoys me are the controls that can be some what overwhelming and clumsy, but they have made them to be as realistic as possible. They variety and freedom of this game is huge and gives a lot of room for modders to create great content. Remember that Arma is not a simulator, rather a set of tools that aim to be realistic and give a lot of freedom to the users and modders to do what they want with the game.
game-hours: 451.8
review: This game is unique and has many bugs but extremely enjoyable and there is plenty to do to keep you busy.
game-hours: 123.2
review: If you like laughing your  off and fun, long game play... ArmA 3 is for you... Updated Review The game is still fun as hell, but still runs like
game-hours: 940.2
review: Arma 3 is the best military simulation game I've ever played. It incorporates all elements of warfare into one massive map for the ultimate realistic experience.
game-hours: 1353.4
review: At this point I don't recommend it. I had to get a new computer from those crashes, and now from this ING update I can't load any servers on multiplayer. If someone can fix this Servers not loading i'll sure Recommend this game. But for now? No.
game-hours: 211.7
review: So fun
game-hours: 92.5
review: This game changes my out-look on future games forever. At first, controls are overwhelming, but now I want to beable to do all of these things in alot of the games I play. vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv I really really like this game... but can not recommend it to my friends to buy. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ It even in 'full version' feels super beta'y... The buildings and land scape looks good but is dead, without life to it. The AI is either is super noob (can land a helicopter on a group of 4 without them firing back) or hardcore as hell (firing a pistol at 1000meters getting head shots(at 800 meters a rifle shot will fall like 4 feet)) single player kinda blows Game looks amazing though, fun to run around, mods with armorys are great too, night time with some ducking exsplosion... With some good programing and fixes, this could be an A+ game... and not a beta game. final 6/10 (it hurts to only give it a 6...) P.S. Story time. One time me and my boy Seraix, online multiplayer, got in a car. Went off to do our own thing, scout the area what not. A group of 3 friendlies in a pickup see us and start to follow us. Well we wanted to solo a little so I start off-roading to shake them. I made a hard right before a fense, the pickup passes but tries to make the turn, the break through the fense and drive into a large rock, flipping their truck... they start to get out, the truck blows up, the bright flame lights the night, I was like 15 feet away, my screen was all a white flare, you could hear the screams of the 3 guys over the radio and me and my buddy could not stop laughing. It was amazing.
game-hours: 206.2
review: Good for Battle Royale, only if it's Hardcore/ Zeus is worth trying it is awesome in my opinion, also Epoch will be released soon so A3 is worth playing!
game-hours: 362.8
review: Cool game :)
game-hours: 737.7
review: Love it, or hate me. Great Sandbox, a living community, wonderful graphics, a lot of missions trough Steam-Workshop, and the Zeus add-on (for free) combines ego-shooter with real-time strategy.
game-hours: 300.1
review: liek 10/10 - IGN m8 you will not even know what is happening but den you step on a explosive and die. 10/10
game-hours: 150.0
review: this is a brilliant army based game even better than call of duty
game-hours: 142.2
review: Good, great potential but to expensive for what you get atm.
game-hours: 702.9
review: If you are looking for a more realistic experience from a first-person/third-person shooter, then this game is most definitely for you.
game-hours: 157.3
review: Game is boring as  if you don't have friends.You'll die repeatdly and just get frustrated,eventually realising you wasted 6 hours when you could play something good like dayz. DON'T BUY UNLESS YOU HAVE FRIENDS. And a good pc I get 13fps and im fine but I've never played a game any higher so it goes to personal preferance.
game-hours: 30.0
review: Wery gud
game-hours: 4.7
review: THIS GAME IS BROKEN!!!!! RIP OFF REPORT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! JUST BOUGHT THE GAME AND CANT PLAY MULTI PLAYER FOR MORE THEN 2-5 MIN BEFORE IT CRASHES TO DESKTOP. MY COMPUTER IS MORE THEN CAPABLE OF RUNNING THIS BROKEN GAME AND CHECKING ON THE FORUMS THERES 100'S OF PEOPLE WITH THE SAME ISSUE AND NO RESPONCE FROM Bohemia Interactive! I COULD HAVE PISSED ON THE $60 I SPENT FOR THIS GAME AND HAD LESS FRUSTRATION. BUYER BEWARE THIS GAME IS BROKEN!!!! BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!!!!
game-hours: 70.7
review: Arma 3 is a good game. That if you havent played Arma 2. This game doesnt have the same feel or the same look as Arma 2. Arma 2 is a better game in almost every way. This game feel likes it was cut short. It doesnt feel done. Anyway, if you want a good Arma game, go ahead and get Arma 2 and operations arrow head. Not a bad game, but arma 2 is much better. Oh, and my i add this game is an FPS hell. It doesnt play well at all, and its looks awful doing so
game-hours: 19.6
review: Why did I buy this?
game-hours: 99.2
review: Alpha version of the military simulater Arma III. Worth you time, if you enjoy tactical immersion!
game-hours: 1861.3
review: This Game Shows that MP games for Consoles have so very long a distance to catch up.
game-hours: 22.2
review: Biggest waste of cash in a long time. So poorly optimised that i can hardly get over 6 FPS, and i know for a fact that the issue is not my computer. Would certainly not recommend until Bohemia optimises this game, although, judging by Arma 2, that may never happen.
game-hours: 103.8
review: If you enjoyed arma 2 you will definitly like this one aswell. The graphics are really nice and the missions are awesome too. There are some nice mods aswell that will keep you play this game after you are done with singleplayer
game-hours: 118.3
review: The best military game i have ever played!!!
game-hours: 293.2
review: Arma 3. One of the games that is just so hard to review because of the many different ways you can go about it. Lets just say, I recommend it if you like 30 FPS even with a mid to high end pc's. Very heavy on CPU and not very well optimised, but it's ArmA. What you get is huge maps. Love it.
game-hours: 43.0
review: Gun play has been much improved from arma 2. Not much mods available for mara 3 atm but im sure loads more will be coming out to make the game last even longer 9/10
game-hours: 51.9
review: Probably the most played game that has this many bugs... Though the huge variety of community servers with custom gamemodes, and a really enthusiastic playerbase, makes this game great! Especially with a friend or two, roaming Wasteland to gear up and fight other passerbyes
game-hours: 308.2
review: This game is awesome I recommend it to anyone
game-hours: 1.1
review: it's really fun and have so much fun playing it
game-hours: 554.1
review: Awesome game, there's so much to do!
game-hours: 19.2
review: arma is life life is arma!
game-hours: 60.0
review: Very fun game to play. Definitely recommend to everyone.
game-hours: 579.3
review: 10/10 Would bang again - IGN
game-hours: 337.2
review: Better than Arma 2. Not so ING BUGGY. But still, a very nice game. I have 200 hours on this piece of . It's very fun to slide on my  and shoot. I think Call Of Duty Advanced Warfare should have the should  slide feature in it. Overall I give this game 9.999999/10.5 .
game-hours: 209.4
review: I passed quite some time with the current ArmA title, as I did with the successor of OFP, the original ArmA and ArmA II. I can clearly see a road of improvement here, although some major hick-ups of the series haven't been fixed yet. in short terms: Pros: +provides a giant and incredibly interesting military Sandbox +very powerful, altough not easy to handle editor tool +basic training scenarios to slowly guide you off the CoD and on the BI route +very mod friendly (+...and thousands of epic mods, one of the most active and best modding cons out there. Not really a ArmA III feature, though) +wide range of multiplayer modes. From CoD style battles to semi-realistic tactical fights. +Very impressive graphics and a immersive sound engine +tons of weapons and vehicles +submarine environment, diving (whoever does that...I don't) +constant improvement of the engine +fair DLC/pricing policy that offer a wide range of improvments as free updates (see Helicopter DLC) +interesting gun play, Marksmen DLC to come. +satisfying vehicles, flying helos is fun and will be even more with the coming DLC Cons: -bad MP code, though it's slightly getting better -bad server browser -engine hick-ups -UI (unmodded)...hey, it's ArmA! Remember ArmA II UI? ...urgh, right, I CAN see improvement here! -eats PC power like nothing. NASA pc recommended for Ultra settings and high FPS. (in Intel/NVidia terms: playable with >i52500k/>760line. Sorry I'm not a AMD user.) -rather boring and baldy balanced campaign, but can still bwe fun to play in some ...cases. I'm running ArmA III on an aged i5 2500k stock/ 770ti. And I'm pretty content with it's performance. It's absolutely playable but you won't see 10km far while getting 60 FPS out of the box. Performance still is a major issue. But remember the level of detail and view range you get in ArmA are still amazing. Arma has a steep learning curve fo newcomers, but it's very rewarding when you reach the top. Tutorials (look out for Dsylecxi's YouTube channel, too) may help you on the way up. Feel free to play around in the edito, too. No need to crash helos in MP battles :D Remember it's neither a hardcore sim, nor a shooter. It sits somewhere in the middle, pretty comfortable at that. Some small things I don't like, but thats my personal flavour: -scenario (Greek islands are so barren...I miss Chernarus.) -futuristic materiel and time-line (Wheres my AK? And...Iranians? In Greece? 300? Aww, come on BI...bad choice.) Overall: If you got a potent machine and the will to find work-arounds for some technical issues that plagued BI games since the beginning it's a must have. No arguing here. Since early alpha I sank many an hour into this game and it's still engaging, while I see the title is being constanlty improved by the devs. I can give a solid recommendation.
game-hours: 63.7
review: The best installment of the Arma series so far. Laggy gameplay seems to have been fixed to the great extent, interesting and intensive, dramatic Single Player campaign reminds the original Operation Flashpoint times. Recommended for all tactical warfare simulation fans.
game-hours: 62.7
review: great fun play it with friends
game-hours: 14.1
review: One of the best game ive played in the past couple of months
game-hours: 139.4
review: her right in the
game-hours: 221.6
review: This game has lotss of fun online play
game-hours: 168.4
review: one of the best armas ive played
game-hours: 584.3
review: Easily worth the price a military simulator with so many options. If you havent played arma before you will find the controls daunting but once you get used to them the game is great. The other issues can be de sync(lag) and low frame rate on some maps. This can make the game frustrating but the good times in this game out weigh the bad unlike some of the big AAA titles over the last few years. The thing about arma games is the longer they are out the better they get because of the community created mods. Arma2 is still a great game which I still play and has a huge following. Some of my favourite Arma3 mods are Wasteland, King of the Hill, Altis life and many more. You arnt really buying a game you are buying countless options and countless gaming sessions. Buy it, this game is on sale often so keep an eye out.
game-hours: 52.2
review: Just get it...
game-hours: 13.0
review: one word awesome
game-hours: 247.1
review: i just have to say ALTIS LIFE . thank you =P
game-hours: 238.0
review: Love this game
game-hours: 256.4
review: This game is worth the $60 many different modes ranging from role-playing, wasteland, king of the hill, breaking point, tatical realism, and many others. This game is also more fun with friends 10/10
game-hours: 44.8
review: 10/10 made me wanna be a lesbian
game-hours: 57.7
review: Sumggle Meth and cocain as a cop. 11/10
game-hours: 320.7
review: ING AMAZING! Everybody should own this xD
game-hours: 161.1
review: This game is just so awesome. Since it's a military simulation sandbox, even the campaign missions are very diverse, fun and 'ramdom'. Although it has a script, anything can happen. It's just so much fun! And the graphics are amazing! 10/10
game-hours: 230.3
review: This. is. BEAUTIFUL
game-hours: 276.9
review: Awesome! Great balance between fun and realism. Multiplayer is fun with lots of custom maps available to play.
game-hours: 338.1
review: This game is awesome!! The multiplayer is great! with hundreds of servers to entertain all types of gamers
game-hours: 21.3
review: sucks! 6 to 30 jumpy fps stick to arma 2.
game-hours: 19.6
review: kris says this is stupid but hes a  so no
game-hours: 446.6
review: very good war simulation. No Game for FPS friends with a lot of action as BF3 or COD. Man must play with brains.
game-hours: 243.8
review: Buyer beware. This game is NOT worth $60. Let me make that perfectly clear. It's a year old (since release) and is still an extremely poorly optimized game. My only advice is to make sure you have a FAST GPU (4+cores means nothing here), an SSD (it loads textures directly so an HDD WILL be a bottleneck), and read plenty of forums on how to best optimize it for your system. This game appears to be player driven moreso than developer. Hence (in addition to lack of optimization) why I believe that this should never be worth $60. Controls are clunky and awkward, and the "simulation" aspects leave something to be desired. If you still intend on picking this one up, make sure it's on sale.
game-hours: 12.3
review: needs a demo
game-hours: 10.3
review: awesome game, it's a shame that there is no Day-Z mod..
game-hours: 7.9
review: Arma 2 + lag =
game-hours: 406.3
review: Right ... This is one of the best/worse games ever and I say that because the gameplay experience is awesome, like no other, but all the glitches and crashes of the game just put you off playing it. I every morning try and play it and it crashes on me more than 10 times, now tell me who will have the nerve to keep on trying and trying and trying to get in and play. Most of the people wouldn't even bother. I would understand the situation if my PC was crap and for that to be the reason for the game to crash, but I have a DELL 8700 XPS (specs under) and it still crashes on me like it's nothing. 35 pounds for a broken VANILLA game ... man that's outrageous ... proper daylight robbery is what it is. Really pissed off ... this game could ruin your whole day, BUT IF ... only IF the game starts and you get into a server ... i'm telling you you'd have the best 3rd Person/1st Person shooter/Military Simulator gameplay experience ever ! ... IT IS TOTALLY UP TO YOU IF YOU WANT TO GOT THROUGH ALL THE BS FOR THIS GAME .... Processor 4th Generation Intel Core i7-4770 CPU @ 3.40ghz Operating System Windows 7 Memory1 16GB Dual Channel DDR3 1600MHz - 4 DIMMs Hard Drive 2TB 7200 RPM SATA Hard Drive
game-hours: 20.6
review: Save your money . And get Arma 2 WAYYYYYYYY better than this rushed junk . SUPER terminator AI makes it impossible to play the game as intended . Soldiers can see you under shrubs and trees from across the valley. ( with no binoculars). And the gun sway while aiming down sights is absolute garbage . Feels like you already have P.T.S.D and you have not even played the game yet.And ANY SOLDIER with parkinsons aiming skills after walking 10 meters should be shot anyway. I always come back to see if they have improved on anything . Sadly they never patch the real issues . In the end nice to watch ......not to play. At least non modded anyway.
game-hours: 5.3
review: posaz
game-hours: 4.0
review: this game is amazing
game-hours: 155.0
review: such game much fun
game-hours: 6.0
review: This is a beautifully detailed military simulation, but sadly quite a poor computer game. It demands a very powerful PC to run well, and it is not at all friendly to new players. There also doesn't seem to much hand crafted content besides the huge sandbox they created. For example, I remember playing several fun missions in the original Operation Flashpoint with my friends, but when I tried to play co-op with a friend in this new game, there was very little to choose from and some missions were very confusing.
game-hours: 802.3
review: If you are looking for a game that will keep you going for a long time - You will need to play ARMA! There is SP campaign thats awesome and really recommended before you dive into MP combat. MP is a completetly different story - A whole lot of community build content is out there to enjoy! (Steam Workshop is a good starting point)
game-hours: 456.5
review: ArmA <3
game-hours: 10.5
review: i loved this game i wish you fix the friendlyfrire thing and the hackers even with the anticheat system thier's hackers bersides that i have a problem with third person veiw
game-hours: 186.7
review: A Great game especially Altis Life where you can be a poor homeless man or a rich drug lord, Also tons of fun mods to play 10/10 would buy
game-hours: 126.8
review: Saw a snake open a door 10/10
game-hours: 75.3
review: This game is fun ::)
game-hours: 13.1
review: Good Explorations,easter eggs, and many great, dedicated members i suggest play,unless you dont like being addictted to the series for YEARS to come. :)
game-hours: 1.7
review: Yes Highly Recommended I got it for a day AND IT WAS awesome but make sure u dont get it if u dont have like 8 gb of ram!
game-hours: 586.6
review: This game is awesome. Most realistic games play, I love to use the m14 and snipe enemies from a hilltip. The driving is also good. a few mods in this game and its awesome.
game-hours: 0.2
review: Good Game
game-hours: 0.7
review: Hell yeah!! get it if you can!!
game-hours: 102.8
review: Good Game I love the altis life!
game-hours: 1.2
review: awesome game played it on the weekend with my friend
game-hours: 1.5
review: AEMA 3 game is a very good game for its GRAPHIS nad visual THANKS
game-hours: 56.4
review: The game is good. Have many thing to do. But now game still lack of the mod i love the most since arma one is warfare mode. Which is basebuilld around you to buy unit and explore the map and conquest the town I didn't said game was bad. I'm still that there will be official release for the warfare mode. The single player is ok for me. But the setting is not i love modern weapon which current in use like in Arma 2 more than those prototye weapon. So this arma is still recommend if you want the simulator game that not hard. I love to drive Tank and play infantry in this game , but fly model isn't that good so i didn't fly much but it easy enough to fly anyway and if you have friend to play with it awesome as developer including Zues mode !!! If you don't want to play with mod this game don't have much thing like Arma2 so wait more a bit i believe developer will release more content !!
game-hours: 2.8
review: its fun
game-hours: 748.4
review: On my opinion this is the best WWIII simulator :) cant wait to get that full game!
game-hours: 80.2
review: fantastic game, offers a really good platform for modders to build off and the campaign is a great experience aimed at being authentic. not for those with a short attention span.
game-hours: 371.8
review: A lot of the greatest butt-clenching moments I've had in gaming have been in Arma. I am in no way a veteran to the series, but I've learned a lot since I was introduced to Arma 2 durring the early DayZ days. Since then I've come to love and appreiciate the core game and its community for everything they have to offer. Arma 3 may not be sitting on as much content as Arma 2 in its current state, but it's well on its way. Not only is the community hard at work, Bohemia continues to impress with improvements and new features. ALMOST everything (RIP steering cursor) is an improvement over Arma 2, and I'm exited to see what other goodies the future brings.
game-hours: 1017.7
review: This game is so beautiful it puts a video game to real life. If you're looking for a Military Simulator this is the one beautifully done, great structurely built multiplayer and singleplayer.
game-hours: 82.7
review: The best shooter i've ever played. The realism is immence, campaign is long and has a great storyline to follow it, multiplayer is difficult but spend a few days on it and you'll get the hang of it
game-hours: 325.9
review: Amazing. Graphics are very realistic. The Game play itself will be hard to grasp at first however after you have gotten the hang of it, it can indeed be very rewarding as well as realistic. Overall in general i would recommend arma to anyone who wants a true sandbox playground to engage in different military situations and other community made missions.
game-hours: 50.6
review: this game is a worthy successor to the OFP franchise and ARMA 2, my favorite games of all time.
game-hours: 3.4
review: Arma III is a game you can't just casusally play, you have to experience it's rich graphics and amazing detailed simulation of battle. When you have a gun in your hand you seem to take better care of it and use the minimum amount of bullets to save ammo. They is so much to explore as there is a vast multiplayer experience filled with battle royale and team deathmatches. It really is a great and fun game!
game-hours: 98.8
review: Fantastic game. The endless possibilities of game modes like Altis Life and Wasteland have dominated my gaming time. It's hard to switch to anything else once you get used to the intense controls. Campaign is solid till it feels slightly repetative and alienating. Once you go co-op, you open yourself to a world of new possibilities.
game-hours: 45.7
review: Great game. The best military simulator out there, even though there arent many servers with domination or missions, only custom gamemodes like altis life and wasteland. It has good performance on medium range laptops (around 800). This game is really worth the money, I have never regret buying this game.
game-hours: 660.9
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 17.3
review: eh
game-hours: 284.3
review: Very fun game, but very steep learning curve.
game-hours: 213.0
review: This game, with it's amazing modding community working hand in hand with the amazing and easy to use Steam Workshop, is fast approaching ArmA 2 in glory.
game-hours: 137.1
review: Solid game with a great deal of features, the avid mil-sim shooter enthusiast will enjoy. There are still a few issues with the game one of which being the lack of easy add-on support and the abissmal vehicle sync between players. I would recommend this game but be warned, this game is not for the faint of heart!
game-hours: 245.6
review: If you have a Pc that can run this game at atleast medium settings 30fps. Best 60$ you have ever spent.
game-hours: 16.3
review: Not for the faint of heart, This is not call of duty, or battlefield, I Say Again THIS IS NOT CALL OF DUTY, OR BATTLEFIELD. If you want a realistic FPS where the enemy is truly unforgiving and every second and choice can lead to life or death, This game is for you this is the closest you will get to combat without actually being there in a game.
game-hours: 784.9
review: I want to get this game after playing the free weekend, but I will have to wait till any discount steam can offer me since I am low budget atm... I strongly recommend this game though, great fun
game-hours: 2.4
review: Running / Lag simulator
game-hours: 78.7
review: Best military simulator, but many bugs. 10/10
game-hours: 60.7
review: I haven't been scared in a game in about 15 years, playing Breaking Point gave me the biggest scare and biggest adrenaline rush I have ever had in gaming,  yeah, this game is awesome.
game-hours: 88.9
review: This game is the dog's pajamas!
game-hours: 1.7
review: I'm glad I could play Arma 3 for free on this last weekend, thus preventing me from buying it, ever. Every game should give buyers this option, to try before buying. While Arma 3 may be a good game, I'm sure now that it's not for me. I have been playing BF for a long time, even BF4 now, and I think BF spoiled me. I really tried enjoying Arma 3, but I couldn't. In my humble opinion: bad graphics, bad optimization, bad performance, bad gameplay, bad controls, bad hud, bad VOIP, bad campaign and bad multiplayer. I've spent nearly one hour on multiplayer driving a truck around the map, trying to figure what to do, how to get a weapon and where were my team mates. Before that I tried campaign, with no satisfaction either. Its is an expensive game. I'm really glad I didn't bought it.
game-hours: 233.8
review: i love arma 3 its the best game ever
game-hours: 0.8
review: sick game
game-hours: 24.5
review: yes
game-hours: 7.4
review: i wish they done the sale up to 20th so i cold get it :(
game-hours: 10.3
review: After trying it during the free weekend I can say this is definitely worth buying, I'd get it for myself, but my PC specs don't allow me to play on servers that are highly populated (80+ people). Good community and many different type gamemodes (also the breaking point mod) make it worthwhile.
game-hours: 9.7
review: although i only played the free weekend my experience with the game (king of the hill and altis life) was pretty amazing. my only problem with it however is the battleroyale servers because they are always locked during a match which can take a longf time so to improve this i would make an area so players can wait for the match to finish. i was kind of sad about this because that was one of my main reasons to play arma 3 but i never had the chance. thanks to gassy mexican for showing the game on youtube (and making me play it)
game-hours: 15.8
review: Awesome campaign,awesome coop,awesome graphics,awesome gameplay aaaaaand BattleRoyale. Everything I waited from this game. 11/10
game-hours: 0.2
review: yeeeeeeeees
game-hours: 33.6
review: i run it at the lowest settings and get 8 fps but its still fun
game-hours: 118.2
review: After years of intense warfare against Eastern armies, Europe has become the last stand for the battered NATO forces. On the verge of being driven into the sea, NATO command embarks upon a most desperate measure. In the hope of seizing what seems to be a well-guarded military secret, Operation Magnitude is launched. A small group of Special Forces and Researchers are sent to a Mediterranean island deep behind enemy lines. However, the mission is compromised and the task force destroyed, leaving Cpt. Scott Miller washed ashore upon the hostile island. In his effort to carry out the mission, he will face the dangers of modern warfare, an unforgiving environment, and the consequences of his own decisions...
game-hours: 510.2
review: one of the greatest games ive ever played. the mods keep it interesting for a long time.
game-hours: 109.6
review: 404 Error no Wheel found 11/10 would drive again.
game-hours: 100.5
review: TOP TOP
game-hours: 680.3
review: I SPENT 600+ HOURS FAPPING TO THIS GAME, MONEY WELL SPENT! Seriously though, buy it!
game-hours: 521.7
review: Played Arma 3. ed in my pants. Played it every single day since. Still ing.
game-hours: 60.4
review: its has good graifcs and gameplay the servers are as lagy as on arma 2 rlly good tanks to trucks and hellys. buy play and play .
game-hours: 652.5
review: This game is one of the best i have ever played. After 600 hours It still isnt boring.
game-hours: 583.4
review: Amazing game lots of custom maps
game-hours: 45.5
review: An lovely game, my pc cant run it really good, but it is playable and i enjoy it a lot i already played since alpha and like wasteland in alpha nothing worked only the killing part and then weapons part but now its is so mutch better, the food and the drink works everything is fun, big map etc. Sadly i got an really bad pc so it doesnt run withouth lag, but it is playable and a lot of fun :D
game-hours: 2524.8
review: ARMA 3 is simply the best tactical shooter available to the general public at this time. 9.5/10 If you want a realistic virtual platform to practise and test real-world military tactics this is the one. Plug in TrackIR or Oculus rift and you'll soon be working harder than you have in your life to move your squad 20m deeper into a heavily defended enemy town whilst your attached armed personell carriers volley in suppressive fire from the elevated position you stationed them 1 km South. And when you need those APC's to prioritize their fire onto an enemy weapons squad that's pinning you down, issue the order and they will comply. On a less serious note, if you want a great multiplayer combined-arms experience which feels less "gamey" than the generic FPS this will also satisfy you. Want an fast-paced urban-combat experience where real skill is rewarded and spray and pray is punished? This is it. In reality ARMA is somewhat difficult to compare to anything else available because there is nothing else with the level of detail that ARMA has when it comes to weapon models, ballistics, wounding systems (in ARMA there are memory locations for each major bone in the human body, which means you can break your lower arm bone, upper arm bone, lower leg bone, e.t.c.), AI, material penetration (walls do not stop large rounds) and the maps are pretty huge. 270km squared is bigger than a lot of real-world cities and often having a skilled pilot who can get your squad to the combat area using the terrain as cover so as to avoid lockon by enemy AA missiles will be the difference between a win and a loss. ARMA is actually not even a video game in many sense. It's more a realistic training tool which can be played as a game. Teamplay. Nothing like it. Struggle together, or die alone. The level of danger and lethality in the ARMA series has always promoted teamwork and cooperation leading to incredibly satisfying experiences where you and friends, and sometimes total strangers, will overcome staggering odds. The combat medic drags a wounded teammate out of an open killzone. He's taking fire. The wounded man remembers to give his contact report - he saw muzzle flash from an enemy weapon 0.2 seconds before he went down, and he knows to use muzzle velocity to calculate the distance; "In the building two-hundred-and-fifty-meters to the North. First floor." His radio goes silent. He has passed out from a combination of blood loss and shock. You realise the passed out man is your teamleader so you assume command, ordering your machinegunner and grenadier to direct heavy fires into the first floor windows and smoke grenades in front of the enemy position to suppress and reduce the accuracy of the enemy shooter, keeping your medic from catching 2 lethal 7.62 rounds in the torso. The enemy shooter is determined, and smart. He's moved back in the room and is firing through a sliver of window. He knows your machinegunner doesn't know exactly where he is. The fire is still coming in. The enemy shooter hits the window rim and the round deflects way off target. His next shot is interrupted by a hail of incoming rounds from your teams machinegunner; blind-fire still kills, but after ducking for a moment the shooter is back on target. As he aims he is shook by a 40mm grenade exploding on the exterior of his building, but he knows high explosive ain't getting through a concrete wall and an enemy medic is a prize target. His weapon raises... Your medic is only 25 meters from cover now but that might as well be a mile. Dragging a 90kg man along with a combined total of 50kg of weapons and equipment is slowing his movement substantially. You know if your medic goes down, it's game over. Your team will scramble to treat the two men, become combat-ineffective and be surrounded and killed in that construction site. You know you can't go to help him because the first rule of infantry combat is use cover and don't get shot - the last thing your team needs is two men wounded instead of one. You know your machinegunner doesn't have an exact target, and with the amount of fire he's putting down he'll be lucky to hit anything. You know 40mm high explosive grenades don't penetrate concrete walls... It seems like the medic will go down soon. Surely the enemy machinegunner will deploy and deliver grazing fire across the field in a matter of seconds, cutting down everything under two meters for a long, long way, including your medic. You lean out and blindly fire to the North, feeling in the back of your mind that the mission will soon fail. Unless... Suddenly you hear a single shot from a rifle. It sounds very different to the machinegun fire that has been crackling for the past 10 seconds. A second shot, a moment later. Looking over your left shoulder you see a trail of smoke disappating around a tree about 30 meters behind your position. The smoke is from the business end of the rifle of your teams designated marksman. "Enemy marksman neutralized, North building, first floor. Enemy machinegunner neutralized, West corner of that building", he says on the radio. Enemy fire starts coming in from the North-West, but its sporadic and innacurate; the enemy squad is trying to keep you pinned whilst it reorganizes after having lost its long range and volume-fire capabilities, but those rounds are being deflected by the wind, and they're landing way off target. You calculate from the delay between impact and report that it's from over 600 meters out. Your marksman reports on the radio again; "Engaging enemy rifleman. 550 meters, North-North-West". You smile watching your medic treat your teamleader, both now in cover. Your marksman will be on the radio again soon, you feel... Another amazing thing about ARMA 3 is its versatility; you can load up almost any scenario imaginable and jump right in - there's a reason the militaries of the world use software from the same development house to train real-world troops. The level of support from the developers is also unparallelled. At the time of this review it's 2 years after release date and they are about to release the 2nd of 3 major updates which add massive value to the game, and they do it free. 500 000 Euro's prize money to the people who develop the best content for ARMA 3? Yes. And what great content it has been. Years of campaigns and multiplayer gamemodes and thousands of kilometers of official and community terrains. In short it's the best realistic military simulator with more gamemodes than you could imagine and more than 1000 square kilometers of map to run, swim, drive, fly, and most of all strategize on, in, around, through, and above. If your interest in or studies of military procedures and tactics is urging you to test your mettle, ARMA 3 is the place to do it. I even know some real-world soldiers who train with friends on the ARMA platform. Do it.
game-hours: 332.8
review: Very Fun game to play. Has alot to offer. The gameplay experience can be improved by mods if the game gets repetetive.
game-hours: 376.0
review: A3 is gorgeous. Bohemia really did a good job with this game. For now I play the Epoch mod & anticipate all future updates to both the mod & the game itself. Would like to see more DLC.
game-hours: 29.3
review: Amazing game. New to the arma series and its the best realistic fps game to date. 10/10 C: More cpu hungry then gpu, just an fyi.
game-hours: 2.4
review: im a little upset that i just bought this game not even a week ago ..NOW ITS ON SALE!WTF! I FEEL I SHOULD GET COMPENSATED BECAUSE I HAVENT EVEN PLAYED IT YET BARELY ..!RAWR!
game-hours: 401.8
review: best game ever <3
game-hours: 38.9
review: 10/10 game keep it up Bohemia
game-hours: 33.2
review: Good game not bad :)
game-hours: 14.5
review: Ayyyyaaaa
game-hours: 10.0
review: on ihanaa pelata kavereide kanssa. <3 (with out Snailer)
game-hours: 60.4
review: its awsome! and i love the music and the graphics. this is my number 1 favorite game.
game-hours: 187.9
review: amazing...
game-hours: 13.3
review: AMD is for
game-hours: 21.0
review: There we sat, a small squad of eight men. All ready for the order from our captain. Then a voice could be heard. It was another man screaming. Then gunshots, then silence. Our squad leader told us to move up into a defensive position and lay wait in ambush for the convoy to come along. So we did, then we heard a TON of gunshots. Yet we still waited. Then we heard women screaming, then children. We knew the gunshots were AKMs and we thought they were in a firefight with civillians in the middle. Then the trucks came. Truck after truck, I counted 7. Everyone in my squad just stared. Then I noticed the others were standing up. I stood up too in case I was missing something. Then I heard a whistle and the commander exploded, same with his second-in-command. I ran away, and never saw my squad again. I hope you like my story of a somewhat realistic interpration of the game. This is a REALLY good game. No doubt, but I don't think I like the semi-futuristic time period in the game. I would have preferred something in the more near future. In the end thought It's an awesome game, and once you finish the campaign, You can spend countless hours playing multiplayer. And if you get bored of that you can enjoy the power of full steam workshop integration and download other people's scenarios!
game-hours: 72.3
review: The game play is a tad slow but every kill gives you a rush!
game-hours: 13.3
review: Call of Duty? Battlefield? What are those? ArmA is a simulator game compared to those pesky arcade games. Nobody can 360 you here, nobody can quickscope you either. This is the real MLG. Try to go on a rush and see yourself getting shot. It's all about tactics, how good your teamwork is and how efficient you play. Pros *Unimaginably good UI. Game gets every command as I want to transfer. No problem. *Good netcode. Even with 200ms, you hardly feel the lag. Most match lookups have no problem at all. *Stunning graphics. Yes, it can use a better thing or two, but it is a simulator game and gives you the simulating graphics too. Not to mention a large variety of adjustables for graphics. *Total realism. Okay well maybe except the magical first aid kits, rest is pretty much correct. *Brilliant single player campaign. Unique for me. *Multiplayer with mod support. Let it be EPoch or Altis Life, Zeus or whatever you can think of, there's a mod related to military. *I can count these up to infinite, but just get the game and see for yourself. Cons *Bad low graphic performance. or I have a really ancient GPU. Ge-Force 610M gets ~30fps with everything at lowest, 100% scaling with 768p. Drops down to 17-18 on really hammering areas. *Game's way too CPU intensive. I can go for a CPU stress test with this game. Maybe I should type this as a Pro. 2 in 1 program :P *Way too costly. 124TRY for vanilla version and 159TRY for Extended. Even with 50% discount, it felt like it was a full priced game to me. If you're not fan of ArmA series or really want to get this game, I can't recommend it without a discount. *A bit complex commands. Takes a few hours to get used to it, hell, it can even be days. Also not everyone can play this game. Takes a bit of extra buttons or few macros for quick responding to situations. Go and do your thing private!
game-hours: 25.6
review: I crash my car...friend stops his go-kart next to me...police arrives...i tell them my friend stole my car...pointed him to my car...he checks it out...i steal go-kart...i drive as fast as possible...i crash and die GG 10/10
game-hours: 40.8
review: i was killed and i spawned in the middle of nowhere began running to god knows where suddenly i heard the sounds of a plane looked up there it was it landed smoothly in front of me 2 men came out, i was cautious but i didnt shoot just yet "would you like to join us on our space adventure?" hell ing yes i will we got in about 13km in the air we're struck by lightning pilot says "dont worry, i can land us safely" alright ok cool pilot turns off engine we crash into a mountain they both died but i survived looted their bodies note to self: never go on space adventures
game-hours: 196.0
review: Great game....Buuuuttt...Almost mad I got it tho due to the servers all sucking and not nearly enough enemys in servers.... I need some tactical players to play with before I just uninstall this and go back to arma 2
game-hours: 338.2
review: I was playing an RP mode called Altis life. Me and a friend decided to do some heroin runs to make some easy money. We spent all of our money on trucks and supplies needed to collect heroin We went to the field, picked as much heroin as we could hold and went back to process it. On the way home we saw an unoccupied offroad on the side of the road. My friend drove past it and it blew us up randomly. 10/10 would do it again
game-hours: 29.5
review: This is a great game to play with friends
game-hours: 5.8
review: I'd like my money back, 40 wasted
game-hours: 10.8
review: BEST GAME EVER I LOVE THE SERIES AND HOPE THERE WILL BE AN ARMA 4
game-hours: 842.4
review: Booped a car in the bum with my tank. Tank became rocketship, achieved speeds of 1000km/h+. 15/10
game-hours: 1057.8
review: Perpetually broken, Horribly unoptimized and at times unplayable. Arma 3 is a game for wannabe operators that are too out of shape and cowardly to actually fight. Don't worry though you can expect plenty of cashgrab DLC like Arma 3 Karts, or the Arma 3 Two Helicopters and the rest is free DLC, or the upcoming Arma 3 Seven Guns and a bipod feature that has been missing since release DLC. You can't blame BIS though, it's not their fault the game runs poorly the real problem is the toxic community and their poorly ported mods that cause the game to  itself. If you buy this half-game you can expect 100s of Altis Life RP servers, populated by 13 year old and 20 somethings that failed to launch. You could also try out one of the many KOTH servers for some low FPS deathmatches with people that can't fly, shoot, drive or communicate worth . Don't forget the DayZ knockoff servers too, or it's tired older brother wasteland. If you are too hardcore an operator for that though you could join one of the many "Realism Groups". It's like being in a real army man! Some of them even give you assigned roles and make you adress eachother by rank. If you are lucky you will find one that makes you do a virtual obsticle course or bootcamp before you can join. It's like the authentic bootcamp experience only your drill sargeant is a socially  teenager on such a powertrip that you would think he actually believes what he is doing isn't completely  and unnecessary. Once you are in you can look forward to a mission once a week that they will restart if something goes slightly wrong in their supremely tactical plan. 3/10
game-hours: 17.7
review: I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a military sim but please know what you are getting yourself into first, not just gameplay wise but also client wise. PLEASE NOTE: this game is a pain in the  to get running, but once you do its an amazing one of a kind experience. I had to open ports, change multiple firewall settings and in order to join a server without my ping flying through the roof (who knows why) I have to do so through the steam client instead of the in game browser. The DLC is controversial and I wouldn't buy this game unless its on a sale (unless you already know what you are getting into and chances are you already have it if you do). Don't expect to play for short bursts and don't expect to see a win/lose state everytime you decide to play either. Games can last hours and can be buggy messes full of crashes and glitches. Despite all of these problems you don't play ARMA for winning matches, or obtaining that great KDR. You play for the experiences and cool stories, just look at any other review just hear some. The community is one of the best out there and they add to this awesome teamwork that you rarely get in games. The game is also beautiful but you need a beast of a machine and a lot of time to configure things to get it going. It took me about 15 hours total just to get this game running at about 40-50 fps and I have some good kit. Don't expect to just set the options in game and call it good, you will be editing .ini files etc to get those frames. I haven't dabled much in mods but they are plentiful and there are pleanty of videos if that is your interest. Single player is a frustrating mess and unless you already know the ins and outs of arma you will die..... A LOT. Just play the prologue to learn the controls and get out of there, its riddled with insanely smart ( shooting you across the map in the head with a pistol) and stupid (standing around while you riddle them with bullets) ai. The story is alright but hardly worth struggling through the frustrating gameplay for. Multiplayer is where the game shines. You have a variety of modes and missions that really offer something for everyone, but at the end of the day you come out of every session with a crazy story and thrilling experience. Also most server mods are good at kicking Team killers and  pilots so it feels like there is little down time, and instead a lot of stress of running through enemy lines.
game-hours: 74.6
review: Great game so many different game mods and is a great role-play game definatly worth the price. I highly advise buying this game!!
game-hours: 16.1
review: so gud
game-hours: 227.0
review: This is the best shooting simulator ever made i think this is real life s*** i going to the army in the future so i highly recommand you download this game if your going to the army in the future like me.
game-hours: 318.7
review: Great game, I have no problems with it really at all. 10 / 10 worth the money.
game-hours: 310.0
review: Awesome, awesome, awesome. I've been playing since the Operation Flashpoint days. Each iteration is just better and better. Arma 3 doesn't have the best AI, but that is hardly a pitfall when considering the scale of battles, ability to engage in combined ops, great community and mods, fantastic developers who tend to and maintain their games, and overall an endless supply of great game time. In <3 with Arma.
game-hours: 53.4
review: if you want a ture shooter look no further this is by far the best army/simulator game ive played
game-hours: 89.7
review: Arma 3 loads of fun. I have many more friends wishing to have this game however the 82.99 price tag is too high. Please bring it down to 50% off again and they will sign up.
game-hours: 53.0
review: So many game modes and mods, why wouldn't you want th is game?
game-hours: 320.7
review: It's alright.
game-hours: 22.2
review: Arma3 (needs permanence optimization) THIS GAME IS TRASH WITHOUT THE COMMUNITY ... GIVE BIZ NO MORE MONEY TILL THIS GAME IS OPTIMIZED AND PERFORMANCE IS INCREASED (to the standards expected by pc gamers or at least whats stated on the box preferred specifications) Many games RELEASED UPDATEs THAT INCREASED PERFORMANCE ON PC, WHY CANT BIS GET OFF THEIR MONEY HUNGRY LAZY ASSES AND DO THE SAME .... ARMA runs like  why is a a game of this scale and this demanding 32 bit ? why does it only use half of system Ram? why does it only runs on 1 core plus the recommended requirements ON THE BOX SAY 3.10 GHz for cpu and even on the lowest settings thats not enough (Unless Bis lied about whats needed to run this game or this game runs like dodo) its been 2 years OPTIMIZE GAME PERFORMANCE IN SINGLE PLAYER AND MULTIPALAYER NOW TO MAKE USE OF OUR COMPUTERS.... HOLD OFF ON DLC AND TRAILERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!! how bout fix the single player bugs, overhaul the unresponsiveness AI, increase the game performance, integrate AGM mod as default in the game engine, integrate K.E.Y.S mod as the defualt in the games engine ..  AND YOU HAVE THE NERVE TO CHARGE US FOR DLC WHEN COMMUNITY MODS DO ALOT MORE FOR FREE SMH SHAME ON YOU IN 2015 BOHIEMIA  IMHO best solution would be not to buy their products in future. I lost all respect I ever had for BIS because of ArmA 3 and DayZ. Neither has improved the #1 problem with their games; piss poor performance. They gained large following with ArmA 2 and Dayz mod and choose to blatantly exploit it and sell subpar products with no intent to fix them.
game-hours: 240.1
review: its a amazing game i love it
game-hours: 40.9
review: This game is the best!! Bugs aren' that bad, if you happened to have a good rig, Buy this game. ADD ME NOW AND LET'S FORM A SQUAD, MULTIPLAYER IS NOT THAT BAD :) iamAVALON55
game-hours: 268.6
review: amra 3 is a good game
game-hours: 165.5
review: I had a life. Then I downloaded Arma 3. Haven't seen the daylight for 3 months.
game-hours: 8.2
review: Enjoy a challenge? enjoy frustration, enjoy sucking, enjoy dying, enjoy never getting good, enjoy trying, enjoy failing, enjoy being determined to fail some more? then enjoy. Maybe one day i'll enjoy all of it. For now i'll honestly say i wish i hadnt bought the game and dlc, even on sale... id like to step away from this game instead of force myself to get into it. But im 40-50$ in to deep, gonna try a couple more times
game-hours: 309.6
review: Good game just need a good GPU and a Good CPU
game-hours: 245.2
review: Epic
game-hours: 94.7
review: Game crashes a lot but its fun. Stop crashing pls.
game-hours: 1.2
review: Buy game to play altis life. Finishes downloading. Plays the bootcamp a little bit. Has to download  tons of things and get all dlcs to play on a server. 10/10 would waste time again.
game-hours: 87.0
review: 1st day of Arma3 me and my friend both just bought the game and installed it super hype start joining game arma crashed restart arma need to download mods for server ragequit 2nd day of Arma 3 me and my friend still hyped now have mods join server server goes down, who knows why try joining different server get into Altis life start picking peaches for 4 hours straight make enough money to buy firearms licenses and guns go pick cannabis almost get shot at in cannabis field by fellow novice criminals for being mistaken as cops get to cannabis processing get shot in the head by a fully armed rebel friend gets away in car 20 mins later car disappears in the middle of a highway and my friend has to walk back over 30km on foot finally meet up in main city on map get blown up by rebels ragequit, join wasteland server spawn with my friend fully armed and ready to go start arguing over who drives a beat-up army truck get attacked by enemy rifleman kill enemy and start looting his corpse naked friendly mistakes us for enemies and decides to suicide bombs us starts shouting "ALLAHU AKBAR" and playing classical music blows up My first experience of Arma 3 9/11 would bomb again
game-hours: 358.7
review: ARMA 3 is fantastic game, if you enjoyed ARMA 2, you probably will like this one as well. The game is improving with time and slowly people are getting away from the second game and joining this one. To be honest, I do prefer ARMA 2's wasteland mod, due to the fact that Chernarus is a amazing scenario for PVP. Not that Altis isn't, but I think it's just that I got very used to Chernarus and how I can move around the map without needing a Map or a GPS. DayZ was the first reason I joined the ARMA series, but after checking a website called ARMAHOLIC, I discovered that ARMA is almost an endless game. Currently in ARMA 3, there's Breaking Point, for those who don't know what it is, it's basically a DayZ mod with more weapons. There's ALTIS Life, which is a RPG game mode, for those who like Island Life on ARMA 2, this is for you. Currently I'm playing this game with my clanmates using a variety of MODS, that goes from MCC, which is fantastic, you can control the whole game/map with a tablet, spawning units, vehicles, turning day into night and make it go from a beautiful sunny day to a cloudy day in a click of a button. There's also some mods that change the game sounds completly, like JSRS or Speed of Sound. These mods are f*cking amazing, if you like the sound of explosions, strafing runs from Helicopters, such as the Little Bird, Commanche (aka Blackfoot), A164 (a10's name in the game) you should definitely check those mods out. I'm a big fan of the A-10, and the sounds that those mods provide are on par with real life sounds. Perfomance: Well, maybe some are wondering how well this game is running compared to the previous one. For me it's better optimized than ARMA 2, but i think it's not only the games fault, but the server you are playing is a big factor. I think a lot of people know that ARMA is a very CPU heavy game, when I changed my CPU, from a AMD Phenon X4 955 to a i7 4790, omg, the difference was big. In ARMA 2 wasteland mod, I went from 20 fps avg to 40 Fps. People who already played ARMA knows that when you play above 30fps it gets pretty good. I didn't change my GPU, yet, I have ATI Radeon 6950 2GB that can handle ARMA 3 on very hight settings on mid 40's. OBS: You don't need an i7 to play this game, but I do recommend an i5 above, changing from AMD to Intel in this case made a lot of difference. Using MSI Afterburner I noticed that what this game really uses is the first core of the CPU. CPU1 ranges from 45% use to 85%, yeah, 85%, but CPU2, 3,4 maintain 25% most of the time. The rest of the threads 5,6,7,8 aren't used a lot. That basically explains why most of the time Intel CPU's handle this game better than AMD, stronger perfomance per core. If you have an 8320, 8350 you should be fine, but if you want to buy this game and you're planning to build a new PC for it, I strongly recommend Intel. To end my review, I would like to point out that are some differences between the gameplay in ARMA 3 and ARMA 2, the most noticible will be the walking style and the stands. In the beggining you will strange it a little bit, but after a couple of hours put into it, you find that what they did with the movement of the character was necessary, especially the stands. Now it's easier to take cover and just show a little bit of your body to shoot from cover. If you did read this review to the end, thank you. Hope it helped.
game-hours: 797.2
review: ArmA 3, the most universal shooter you might ever need to own. Back in the old days, it was half life which everyone had to own, because this piece had plenty of content which you were able to play in so many different ways that its almost impossible to count them all. And ArmA nower days is pretty much the same, even if youre not a fan of great and realistic combat simulations it offers massive free content via its big community which wont stop generating content until and after the next ArmA will be released. But be aware this game is a hefty performance eater and it can cause you alot of headache, because of its bugs. But I have no doubt right now, that most of the bugs are wiped out and the rest is still on its way to be fixed. Because this game really gets the love of its makers after its final release. Theres still an Addon to be awaited as well as a very nice DLC and Im positively looking forward to it.
game-hours: 27.1
review: Full Of Sweg. Rate 69/21 would derp again. Multiplayer is the best.
game-hours: 15.1
review: I love this game so much. The only downside that I have about it is when I join up on an Altis Life server, a lot of the police will just shoot you on site without you doing anything illegal. There are other servers though that the police are actually amazing and will role play well with you as long as you are not rude to them. Overall it's an amazing game and I love it so much.
game-hours: 306.7
review: Arma 3 is probably the most demanding war game simulation, it is very much focus on teamplay and cooperation. The gameplay is flawless, the graphics are great and the environments are outstanding.
game-hours: 49.7
review: pros+ huge maps with lots of different terrane + plenty to do with in the game( story mode, editor, workshop, and more) + lots of servers cons- very slow gameplay (though that may be a pro for you) - wish it had more weapons - i have the recamended system but still sometimes have a hard time with the FPS over all i do like the game and the fact that there is so much to do with it, but if you don't have a freind to play with it can be a boring. but don't worry there are lost of singleplayer things you can do with workshop.
game-hours: 53.1
review: ONE HAS NOT LIVED UNTIL THEY HAVE EXPERIENCED THIS!!!! I have a bit of an obsession with Arma, owning all of their games (or simulations for the more of the anal ones out there) and I was reluctant to purchase this on the merit that I didnt think it would be much better than Arma 2, however, I was very mistaken and this is indeed the best installment in the series and they clearly put more work into te singleplayer too! BUY IT!!!!! ACTUALLY, BUY 2!!!! 10/10 would realise it is the best thing ever agian
game-hours: 5.2
review: You have to play this game with friends because you can't play it without them, then it's lame game. Multiplayer is the best mods and everything make this game awesome.(You have to play this game with friends.)
game-hours: 1.2
review: awesome game
game-hours: 121.0
review: Best Game in my library, alot of people wont like this game cause it isnt easy like CoD or Battlefield, well they need to learn what strategy is and Skill and simulation. because this is top of the line!
game-hours: 22.4
review: This game is very good. To start off I have started the campaign. But I spend most of my time on Breaking Point. I run settings at ultra and get around 60 fps. Multplayer maps are twice to sometimes 4 times as big as the largest map in battefield. Any map can be created by any user im you own Zeus. This game just keeps getting better and better as I play it.
game-hours: 541.0
review: such a good game BUT ITS STILL OVER PRICED!!!
game-hours: 224.6
review: amazing!!!!!
game-hours: 0.2
review: A good addition to this game would be terrain destruction. Imagine shooting down a jet, and watching it plow through the ground, leaving a giant mark on the terrain. Also being able to shoot down walls, destroy doors, or use thermo-barrac explosives to burn a house with hostiles inside. Seems like a worth-while addition.
game-hours: 0.5
review: fcdxzxcghjjbk
game-hours: 105.8
review: The engine overhaul has been a long time coming, and there are things to love about it, but unfortunately, compared to ARMA 2's tight engine (albeit a bit blocky), ARMA III looks plain goofy. Players run around like cartoon characters, hit detections are horrendus, and the weapons and vehicles are bland and boring. Speaking of items, I understand Bohemia's intiative to make ARMA III a near-future military simulator, but these weapons and vehicles are very bad. Customizations seemed promising until you realize there are only a handful of base guns, none of which will come off as familiar. The main island is much larger than any other ARMA's setting, but it still leaves much to be desired in the department of freshness and diversity. All in all, if you are a fan of ARMA II and its engine, ARMA III will feel pretty alien to you. Either you'll get used to it, or it'll always keep you from really enjoying the game. I pre-purchased the Alpha on day one, and I'm still struggling to enjoy it to this day.
game-hours: 150.2
review: This is a MUST buy, amazing graphics, surprising fps, a TON better than Arma 2, and even more amazing mods to be played, inlcuding the new zombie mod Breaking Point which is crazy fun.
game-hours: 18.4
review: the mods are not good
game-hours: 3.1
review: i had the lucky chance of playing arma 3 last weekend - which i had to compromise and complete my godlike mission of downloading it. Got on a server , got shot in the head in wasteland for missteping into a "territory" which was 1 meter and "amazingly there" shot two ppl got ultimate loot and died. 10/10 would fap again.
game-hours: 33.4
review: While the AI can be a flaw, there are mods that fix that, and I greatly enjoy this game overall, it's one of the best games I've ever played. 15/10 :3
game-hours: 42.2
review: I went into this game knowing that the game company Bohemia were and are idiots. I know this by looking at reviews for DayZ and seeing people talk about how they use the same engine over and over and it causes problems. They think that they always know best and that their games are flawless...even though it's clear to millions it isn't and they refuse to listen to their customers. With that in mind, I downloaded and played. Compared to what I've played of Arma II (the demo which was bugged) Arma III is a lot more polished. Graphics are great, the sounds of guns firing is crisp on both firing and the receiving fire end, and the open map is massive. Getting items and interacting with vehicles/items is unlike anything I've played in any game. Unfortunately the learning curve is REALLY steep. You go in basically clueless and have to figure out a lot yourself. They have tutorial pop ups for the campaign (and part of the reason why I say these guys aren't smart is they originally released it without any singleplayer) except that it pops up IN THE MIDDLE OF WHAT YOU ARE DOING. They could save a lot of time just giving a regular laid back tutorial mission like virtually every other game does. And they did do this in the Arma II demo. Your team's AI is bad. They love to run out alone and get shot to death leaving you to fend for yourself. And enemies are very smart. They stick together, they're patient and man are they deadly accurate. Nice challenge for sure, but I wish they were realistically accurate. Even from a huge distance they rarely miss; and most carry assault rifles with dot sights. Multiplayer is much, much worse if you haven't done the campaign first; but it's still as equally confusing as going into the campaign. I must've pressed about every button to try and chat with people with no success. I tried to configure it in....also no success. And the loading time getting into any server is quite long. Understandably long though since it's a huge map and there's an objective. I think for this portion playing a previous Arma game would be best since they expect you to have played them apparently. There are definitely a lot of problems with this game. AI should be fixed more evenly for a smoother experience (no I am not saying make the game easier. I love the challenge and the adrenaline. But I'd love to know I can count on my fellow soldiers.) and a set tutorial should be in place. Assuming people know everything, regardless of playing every Arma game or not, is always a bad idea. There is one thing no one could deny. The Arma games are one of a kind. No one has come closer than this franchise to having the most realistic war experience. But please Bohemia....stop being self centered  and listen to your customers and take their ideas and complaints into consideration. Other than the problems I had fun playing. But I wouldn't recommend it unless you know Arma and how it all works. At the same time though, I do recommend this game. It is not a casual shooter in any way. All it takes is a couple of bullets and your team could and can be wiped out. Flanking is truly your best friend and your worst enemy. And communication is just as vital in singleplayer as multiplayer. The experience can't be matched. EDIT: I've finished some singleplayer and had much better experiences with multiplayer. It's a must buy in my opinion by this point. I don't revoke anything that I've said before but once you know how to do things it's fun. To save newbies time: Left Ctrl + G allow you to switch grenades and Left Ctrl + Right mouse button allow you to switch scopes (when you have two). You'll pretty much need a GPS in order to know where you are and where everyone else is (usually). And "/" is how you type chat in the servers. Cheers!
game-hours: 0.2
review: Very laggy, and SOOOO much swearing. (I have a gaming PC)
game-hours: 0.6
review: runs like crap
game-hours: 0.1
review: THE BEST
game-hours: 1139.3
review: gets boring after few hours but its fun
game-hours: 6.0
review: good game
game-hours: 206.6
review: Why is there no furniture in the game? Like all the houses are emtpy, the most you see is a bench really.
game-hours: 15.8
review: Its beautiful
game-hours: 1529.9
review: Currently the best shooter if you play a gamemode made by community who is worth it. The devs are r-e-t-a-r-d-e-d.
game-hours: 320.0
review: 20/10 Would get lag but still enjoy it everyday plus many game types increases the load of fun things to do
game-hours: 139.7
review: Very Realistic, but still playable as a not full pro in balistic and stuff :D
game-hours: 23.5
review: If your'e into tactical, slow paced, strat like gameplay and such this is for you. I like this game, but I always seem to compare it to ArmA 2. ArmA 2 had some great gameplay, this seems to be slower, but, I seem to like it better than ArmA 2. I just wish the domination gamemode was better.
game-hours: 429.3
review: This game is love. a little clunky but very fun.
game-hours: 64.8
review: Great game! love it.
game-hours: 173.2
review: Not only a military game, A roleplay game, a sandbox, any game you want it to become. Just apply some mods and *bam* Its a whole new game!
game-hours: 210.0
review: When I was a child, I spake as a child, I understood as a child, I thought as a child: but when I became a man, I put away childish things and played ARMA III.
game-hours: 364.5
review: This game...This game...Awesome!!!
game-hours: 1.6
review: iz a gud gaem
game-hours: 1612.7
review: efinately the best game i ever bought. The hours i spend should porve my point. definately worth getting.
game-hours: 25.5
review: Game is awesome, there is so much to do especially with the modding community hard at work to add in anything and everything that the creators didn't already put into the game.
game-hours: 452.1
review: This game has so many bugs its rediculous realistic right if you could only get ur fps to actually b any good horrrible dont waste ur money on a game where they never gave a  in the first place.
game-hours: 571.1
review: This game is a buggy piece of  The commuinity ranges between  talking s too AI stomping Nerds who think they are Commander Big , with a few normal people inbetween. But Its a great game that is hugely intensive and adrenaline filled. There is plenty to do, plenty of Missions to play and Mods to download. AMAZING graphics. Once you become familiar with the mechanics and weapons etc. The game is absolutely amazing, just give it a try.
game-hours: 3.1
review: I LOVE ARMA 3
game-hours: 84.6
review: Great game! Even without mods this games campain and coop missions are very fun to go through. Pros: - Amazing graphics - Great campain - Massive mod support with custom gamemodes - loads of customization - Extreme realism Cons: - Very demanding game(Just having the minimum requirements probably wont cut it) - Not worth full price(If it came 25-50% off it would be a good buy) - Need to mess around with network ports for a private multiplayer with friends (Many tutorials on this). overall aslong as you have a decent computer/laptop and the game has a price drop then I fully recommend this game.
game-hours: 100.6
review: Dont buy this game. The ban u for nothiing. Goodbye 70 euro.. ty
game-hours: 284.9
review: Great game !!! One of the games I never get bored with. Huge territory, a freedom of play that any other game of its genre never surpassed from the 1st Operation Flashpoint till today's Arma 3. But above all, it is its community players and modders that make it AWESOME !!! If the single player campaigns can be a bit boring questioning AI (Even though I enjoy playing them), The game is very powerful going into multiplayer games. Thousands of mods, maps, addons like weapons, uniforms, realistic behaviour (shooting, wounds, medics,), Zombie like mods Improves AI mods, and so on, I can't write all as it is one of the richest game community I ever experienced. A MUST HAVE ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! THANKS SO MUCH BOHEMIA INTERACTIVE FOR THESE MANY YEARS OF FUN :D PS: I just have one remark, is that I'm still waiting for a Mac OSX version of the game.
game-hours: 1.7
review: I played the weekend trial of this game, and it was outstanding I must say. The graphics are amazing, the weapons are realistic, the world is highly detailed and amazingly big, the multiplayer is great fun, generally an astounding experience.
game-hours: 278.6
review: Who would not like this game? Base game it self is really awesome. Then there are like millions of MODs for it. I really recommend this one!
game-hours: 553.1
review: i wish people played more pvp in this game. not altis life but other than that it is a great game
game-hours: 24.6
review: Cant join ISIS, 1/10
game-hours: 20.1
review: good
game-hours: 0.5
review: im doing a damn thumbs down -100/+100 because cant play because of Game executable not found, Please repair your game through steam client", Well well well ive done this for he past 67 hours i only got the game a few days ago so simply put im almost done even trying to play it 69.99 not worth it in my opinion ill change my comment When or if im ever able to play it (p.s. Verify doesnt work uninstall and reinstall hasn't worked for the past 13 frigin times so i dout 14 times will make a difference. gotten rid of the app cache in programsx86 and only thing that did was screw my saints row 4 over royaly doing the same damn thing now. so if the devs are reading this send me a USABLE WORKING video of someone fixing missing executable that has not been mentioned in this comment. btw same problem with "starmade, Saints Row 4, facerig, face of mankind, goat simulater, and guns of icarus.
game-hours: 635.6
review: Really Fun game! So many game styles to play, the modding community is fantastic, Well worth the price!
game-hours: 522.2
review: Good maps very nice mods and okay grafics. Its have some bugs but that is often not very bad bugs so is pretty litle bugs for the game its self so its good. But what i love with Arma 3 is that you can find so many good servers that got all sort of gamemodes like real Tactical Domination servers and hardcore Roleplay servers.
game-hours: 128.7
review: Well....I can't really comment on a lot of this game, because I suck , but I CAN comment that my GFX card also sucks  and they optimized it enough that it's playable for me. So....you know.
game-hours: 246.7
review: Very good game
game-hours: 17.6
review: This might not be your game if the only fps' you play start with "battlefield" or "call," unless you only play on hardcore modes. If you like military sims, then this is the quintessential experience. You can devote endless hours playing this game with nearly endless options. BI supports it's modding community and it is very expansive. They also occassionally have cash prizes for mods. Unfortunately the modding community isn't well represented in steam workshop, but downloading mods from BI's forums isn't difficult. There are some intuitive control issues with the UI, but it's forgivable. I wish I had more time to give this game so I could join a group that plays regularly, like ShackTac.
game-hours: 0.4
review: I do not own it. So.
game-hours: 31.8
review: best game
game-hours: 71.3
review: mods
game-hours: 24.1
review: My friends and I spent 5 minutes in a tank shooting at a bush on the road thinking it was a person. Best game ever 15/10
game-hours: 64.8
review: Worth a buy. SO many mods you cant even imagine. You need a goofy pc for this, but once you are in, and the FPS is good, you wont leave the game.
game-hours: 1148.0
review: best war game simulator ever. sector control is my favorite multiplayer mode
game-hours: 145.3
review: 10/10, random guy tells me to take granat, i take granat and i kill 5 ppl ez
game-hours: 67.3
review: Kerry: Lieutenant, Do you read me over? James: Go ahead Corporal Kerry: I could really use, some help I got nothing here James: Thought you Yanks coulnd't get enough freedom? Kerry: We respect Lieutenant, f*ck you! 69/10
game-hours: 83.0
review: Is a good game
game-hours: 608.1
review: So much to do with endless content!
game-hours: 150.9
review: Great game, great graphical infrastructure and great team play. This game has it all. With Modding available in the Workshop, you can create your own war. If your a FPS fanattic, this is the war game for you! Online is just as fun :)
game-hours: 126.9
review: Iz a good movie
game-hours: 53.4
review: I played during a free weekend on Steam. Things I liked: Realistic gunplay and movement. Graphics look pretty good. Online multiplayer in modes such as Wasteland are very fun. Basically DayZ w/o zombies (although there is a mod like DayZ for Arma 3). What I did not like: While the game played smoothly for single player the multiplayer played not nearly as well. I would get around 15 FPS even though I am above the minimum requirements. This may be able to be resolved with more tweaking or patches in the future. I have found a set of servers that seem to run pretty good however so I usually stick to those. From the time I spent with it during the free weekend (10 hours) I was convinced to buy it for the 50% off price of $30.
game-hours: 159.0
review: Coming from a very extensive flight sim background, I generally expect too much from games these days. Having the whole planet at your fingertips flying from city to city, country to country... High fidelity aircraft systems correctly simulated.. It sure sets a high bar! But Arma 3 leaves no part of me unsatisfied, the immersion factor is brilliant and playing with the right people very professional! I definitely recommend!
game-hours: 262.9
review: great game 10/10 altis life is amazing
game-hours: 44.2
review: Well arma overall is one of the greatest games ever made the one and only problem pretty much is the fact it has horrible optimization and requires a NASA computer to run but other than that its a 10/10 game for me
game-hours: 215.4
review: As a huge fan of ArmA 2, I really wanted to like this game. I knew it would have a rocky release, but it's been over a year now, and this game still feels incomplete. Of course it's poorly optimized, has SLI issues (my PIP won't even work with SLI), and is very CPU-intensive, but that's only the beginning of my frustration with this game. Issues from ArmA 2, like the horrid vehicle physics, are still prevalent in this game as far as I can tell from having my APC rolled over by a pickup truck. The fatigue and weapon sway debate aside, this game still clearly has problems and is hardly a finished product *ahem $16 DLC that includes just 2 helicopters*. At this point, I've just given up on BIS, and don't see them fixing this game any time soon. That being said, I have had enjoyable moments with this game, but just not enough to compensate for the amount of technical issues the game has. tl;dr: Would not recommend to a fan of previous ArmA games, or anyone for that matter.
game-hours: 93.6
review: Bought this game for more DayZ. Found many different "Life" mods and a couple others that are really fun. Great buy and I haven't even played any of the Arma 3 missions yet!
game-hours: 994.4
review: this game is one of the best games i played. was a huge fan of the Battlefield series but after the battlefield 4 fail i bought ArmA 3. there has not been a single moment i regred it. there are enough servers/ gamemodes and there are so many ways you can play the game. there is no end at it you can make you own server and play some missions whit some friends. the players can be  some times and there are still alot of bugs in the game. but overall its a great game
game-hours: 411.8
review: IF YOU ACTUALLY HAVE PTSD, DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME. If you truly want the most realistic thing or the game that gets you the closest to actually seeing war, then blow your $60 into Arma 3, and you will not be dissapointed. When people say you need a strong rig to run this game, part of it is BS, but the other part is true. I can run this game on my laptop's 2012 AMD A10-4600M APU without having to drop all visuals to low, and keeping fairly reasonable viewdistance. The game chugs at 34 - 48 FPS when playing solo or a Bohemia default MP mission, but can drop to 20 FPS when there is a lot of things happening at once, so rotation blur is a good thing to turn on to mask the slideshow. I don't play on scripted mission servers since scripts are a huge hit on the game, and because of scripts being so heavy in Arma 3, that is why you would want a decently strong machine. Budget build parts like a dual-core Intel Pentium[overclocked of course], and a GTX 650 or a GTX 750ti graphics card will push this game well enough at Standard graphics. There is no felt visual difference between Standard settings and High settings on a 720p monitor, the difference is more noticeable on a 1080p monitor. In terms of gameplay, this game will give you PTSD[not really, but you get the figure of speech hopefully]. IF YOU ACTUALLY HAVE PTSD, DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME. Now, back to how this game can give you PTSD. Me, my friends, and a couple of randoms were all moving in on a town held by rebels to secure intel. It was a crystal-clear day, no clouds in sight. There was six of us in total, me, my two friends, and the three other kids; me and one of the other kids were the medics, one of my friends was the sniper, the other was the machingunner, the two other kids were AT. As we aproached the town in our pick-up truck, I was driving, we started taking shots from a-far, so I got off the road to drive up a hill for tactical advantage, but the truck lost a tire in a ditch going off the road. We were F**ked, we were in the middile of a field with no boulders for cover, thank god our tank columm was able to provide mobile cover while we pushed up the hill. Suddenly, one of our tanks got hit, and hit again, then blew up on the third hit, but we had already reached the hilltop rocks and were in cover, the crew of the tank was surely dead. We re-focused on the objective, my friend started laying down sniper-fire as me, my other friend, and two of the kids moved down, the other AT guy stayed with my sniper-friend to pick off any enemy technicals that could be of an issue. That wouldn't matter anyways; as I looked back up the hill, I could only watch as they got shot apart by heavy machinegun fire, they were dead. So it was the four of us, me, my machinegunner-friend, the AT, and the medic guy. What came next was the most intense moment of it all. As we rounded a corner we saw enemies everywhere down the main-street of the town, my friend unleashed a furious stream of hell from his machinegun, dropping enemies left and right, sending the others into cover. Then an enemy technical rolled around a far corner, and turned my friend and the AT guy into meat bits. I made a mad dash for the AT guy's launcher, narrowly avoiding death. I hastily grabed the launcher and sent the steel arrow of fire into the enemy technical. Once the technical blew up, I dropped the launcher and made another dash for the house that had the intel in it, where at the doorstep of the house, I found the dead body of the medic who was in my squad. I felt a deep sinking feeling unlike anything before, the feeling of knowing I was absoulutely f**ked, and it was only worsened by the fact of knowing that I'm being surrounded, and that any friendly support I had, was blown-up, or unavailable. I picked up the intel with a doubt of surviving in the back of my mind. I decided to drop my heavy backpack, and I stuffed my pockets with FAKs[first aid kits]. I ran out the back door, just barely avoing enemy riflemen in the backyard. Then, I made it into a ditch that provided me much needed cover, I followed the ditch all the way to a tree-surrounded compound where I killed the enemy sentry there and took their four-wheeler. I rode out of the combat-zone, swerving like a madman avoiding rocks, gunfire, and everything in-between. Once I made it to an open field, I called for airlift, sat down, and just thought of the five men that were with me, I thought of the last time I ever saw each of their faces, and I felt guilty for not being able to anything to help them, and for making it out of the deathtrap that claimed them. No game has ever given me that feeling or experience before, I wouldn't even call Arma a game, but more of a simulation. Arma is why I stopped playing Battlefield, and even Project Reality. If you truly want the most realistic thing or the game that gets you the closest to actually seeing war, then blow your $60 into Arma 3, and you will not be dissapointed.
game-hours: 964.4
review: Awesome game, Great Graphix, lots of fun
game-hours: 90.3
review: Arma 3 is a very good game and I like the graphics and all the mods you can play.The sounds are very realistic and the game s very realistic.I know the game have some bugs in it but is not a waste of money,it's a good product.I payed that amount of money and now I enjoy. 9/10 Very good job guys.BUY THIS GAME!
game-hours: 747.7
review: Best game ever for me, and one of the reasons for me to start playing on pc
game-hours: 0.1
review: thrfjdetj
game-hours: 4.1
review: this game is awsome
game-hours: 134.5
review: Well... THIS IS THE BEST WAR GAME OUT HERE I play Battlefield CoD but THIS is simply AMAZING!!! This is a war game where you can do ANYTHING!! ITS LIKE GTA AND BATTLEFIELD @ THE SAME TIME LoL Love it
game-hours: 49.7
review: A futureistic shooter with i high learning curve and a very active community.
game-hours: 410.6
review: So much opportunity in this game. Mods being produced every day with a lot on the horizon. Definite purchase for anyone interested in milsim, fps, and rpg.
game-hours: 127.2
review: Well, the game itself is beautiful. The game LOOKS great. But there's still so many problems they haven't fixed since Arma 2... How come I teleport from outside a car to inside? I can't open a door and get in, then shut the door? That's ridiculous... I can't switch weapons while moving? Driving somehow got worse from A2? How the hell am I supposed to play a game when my car EXPLODES after knocking down a chain link fence... Come on. There's no reasonable medical system without mods? They changed the keybindings on us so now someone lobs a grenade into the team every 5-10 minutes? What the hell Bohemia... And how come I need to pay an extra $25 for stuff that should have been in the "full release"? I'm not paying 15 dollars to fly a couple helicopters when I can download a script that allows me to without buying it. I'm not falling for that EA-style DLC crap. Nope. Not happening. You already have my, and thousands of others, hard earned money for the full game. If you can't spend the ~$60 MILLION you got from us to add more FREE stuff (you know, to say thank you to us for spending $60 F***ing dollars on a half-completed game?), why even bother? Do you LIKE being compared to EA? Sure, they're pretty profitable. But they have a tarnished image in the eyes of gamers because of their horrible policies. Bohemia is starting to follow their buisness model and it scares the s**t out of me. Basically it's half done, and they're charging you more for them to finish it. That's a joke. The gameplay (most of the time, when I'm not getting "Arma'd") is pretty good. It's definitely better for open-world and rpg type missions, and I'd much rather play this than CoD, anyday... But when it comes to the way the studio is managed, and how the game is presented (pricing, DLC b.s., etc.), it's a joke. This game, if bought out by a (respectable, not EA) big studio, would be amazing. But since it's a small developer, with limited resources (at least, until the release), it basically shoots itself in the foot every five minutes with stupid ideas. Reccommended for multi-player experience ONLY. The campaign is not that good (voice acting sounds like you took people from the office at random and had them do it, very unprofessional) and the b.s. is just too much to put up with. So if you like a decent shooter that has somewhat realistic ballistics... This is the game for you. Just, keep in mind, this game is (despite what Bohemia WANTS you to think) NOT FINISHED. This is in Gamma if you ask me. There is no f'ing way this is a "full-release" game.
game-hours: 113.6
review: CoD or battlefield? Nah ArmaIII mate :)
game-hours: 6.5
review: one word AWESOME
game-hours: 2650.8
review: This is my most favourite game to date , I love it ! , the new DLC is great in particular the new Opfor Heli but it seems a little expensive , What I really would like to see is a return to the the old days with Maps like Fallujah and Takistan etc and the more familiar vehicles such as Abrams Humvees and British Challenger and Jackals included rather than be downloadable as a Mod . The Altis and Stratis maps look super but they look more like a Holiday Resort as opposed to a war zone and they lack the Atmosphere of the A2 maps . I would glady pay for a more for an "old style" map, I'm sure I'm not alone with thoughts on the direction Arma is going ( With Altis Life and such almost more popular than Arma Military Sim) they are more suited to the A3 maps and there popularity is understandable. Lets get back to WAR !
game-hours: 740.0
review: NICE.... buy it...just buy it you will see
game-hours: 48.9
review: I don't get the ultimate military simulation that this game advertises due to bad servers and confusing attachments. Is this a bad thing? No. Instead I got a Hunger Games style experiance with BattleRoyale and tried other mods such as Atlis life and Breaking point which I found to be entertaining to watch but not fun to play.So yes, basicly the only reason I baught Arma3 is for Battleroyale. Is that a bad thing? No. I find BattleRoyale exstremely fun and there is always the opportunity to play new mods in the future. You might get this "ultimate military simulation" experiance but most do not. Just something to keep in mind. NOTE: Alot of mods are external from the game and even steam workshop. For example to play Battleroyale you have to download the withSIX-Play mod launcher to be able to connect to the Battleroyale servers. It's fairly straight forward so you should't have to worry to much.
game-hours: 117.2
review: Fantastic game with a lot of mods. The best military simulator i have played, you should get it if you have the money. The arma 3 Life Mod actually reminds me of GTA V but a lot of more role play in it. I recommend this game 10/10.
game-hours: 1039.5
review: Top shooter of all time, and developers keep on improving it. I can't deny there are LOTS of bugs to be fixed, but it's still the best milsim game around.
game-hours: 1.4
review: this game is great
game-hours: 57.7
review: Arma 3 is a very nice game (in my opinion), because the gamplay and the graphic are beautiful. For more informations, you can click on my profile and look at the screenshots. It makes a lot of fun and if you like tactical shooters and have a computer with the necessary system requirements, i recommend you this game.
game-hours: 328.8
review: Just...... Amazing!
game-hours: 539.9
review: AWESOME GAME
game-hours: 481.7
review: Arma 3 isn't just one of the most realistic military simulations/games but it also has extensive modpack support and lets you enjoy modpacks such as Altis Life (GTA style RPG) aswell as wasteland and many others. Well worth the money imo.
game-hours: 58.4
review: looks complex...
game-hours: 3.9
review: i love this game get it it is not a joke
game-hours: 127.9
review: It's okay.
game-hours: 88.1
review: i find this a really fun game u can play many game modes like arma 3 life arma 3 takistan life arma 3 city life... i think this is a really good game for people who are starting pc
game-hours: 33.5
review: This game is fantastic if you enjoy games that require you to work as a team to complete objectives. Grab some friends jump on a server and let the team building begin. Prefer to go solo? Well the Campaign is absolutley spectacular. Still not interested? You can always play with the mods that are always coming out and being updated. In short there is something for everyone.
game-hours: 49.6
review: This is a really good military simulation and i have to say. it's really sitting on BF or any other silimar games' face. This gives them a really big thumbs down if i may say. Just as Gran Turismo is the real deal racing game, this is also the real deal combat game.
game-hours: 257.2
review: AMAZING! Best game I have ever played! high quality.
game-hours: 19.4
review: If you have friends its a beautiful game If you dont have friends its beatuful game too.. dont compare this game with bf series or cod series its a war simultator. but its not just about war its kind of life simulator . it have s diffrent modes like altislife......
game-hours: 0.7
review: Got hit by a parked car 10/10
game-hours: 181.0
review: If theres any game i like, its Arma 3 with its amazing gamplays. Arma 3's Singleplayer is fun, but i think multiplayer is the best
game-hours: 13.8
review: BIGGEST ISSUE: Aiming was messed up with an update which actually promotes camping as taking shots makes you really unaccurate. Graphics: Very realistic and nice. Textures are hit and miss but ragdolls are awful. Desync and Hitdection kill the multiplayer. Performance is awful with any hardware due to unoptimised engine. Story is generic. Ai are either god like or brain dead. Overally lacks a lot of features and fixes but had a lot of potenital.
game-hours: 167.7
review: Arma 3 is a highly adictive game. There are tons of thing to do.I have only played 144 hours and still havent seen the whole experiance. Multiplayer, Amazing. Singleplayer, Amazing. You would have to do somehing quite spectacular to ruin your experiance with this game.
game-hours: 12.4
review: this is a must have game
game-hours: 106.0
review: fast rope from helicopter use diving gear and scout underwater, make your own level and much more. i r8 8/8 plz apreci8
game-hours: 6.9
review: best game ive played on pc, isit gona be on sale at christmas?
game-hours: 152.7
review: This game is overpriced for the content as compared to ARMA II and expect to download mods to get the most out of this game. Some problems still exist that were present in Alpha. Expect to pay for DLC (helicopters) that quite honestly I was expecting to be part of the game. With all the issues it is still pretty realistic and fun to play with friends; However I feel guilty having convinced them to buy the game after it's initial release.
game-hours: 178.3
review: Arma 3 itself is meh. But when you start to dive into the games mods it really starts to shine.
game-hours: 966.8
review: Infinite possibilities to do whatever you want. Good investment!
game-hours: 117.4
review: For sure one of the best games out right now. ArmA 3's attention to detail is just amazing.
game-hours: 774.6
review: A amazing game, good gameplay. Love it, keep up the good work!
game-hours: 516.9
review: *This is my new review as of 11/11/14* Now having over 400hrs game time, I have decided to update my previous review to give people a more "expirenced" review. Since I got this game in January of this year, I have been awed by the realism and size of Arma 3. Most several people in their reviews said that this game was to hard for them to enjoy, but thats what practice is for. When I first played Arma 2 in July of last year, I was thinking to myself "I'll never be good at this". Same with Arma 3, but now im skilled enough to be productive. I am in a realism unit that uses mods, I bring this up because some people question the use of mods in games like this. But the mods you can get for Arma 3 make the game 10x better than vanillia. But im going to base this of of the vanilla version with no mods. Now of course there is the problem of the graphics and the needed beast computer to play the game, but even a mid ranged c like mine can run the game pretty well, all it takes is some tuning in the settings. But both Altis and Stratis look shockingly good and have alot of detail. The player models look as good as the maps, same with the gear, vehicles, helis, ect. There are servers and ways this game finds to drop your fps, but still try and play anyway, you'll get use to it. This game is best played slow, cautious, tactical, and use every bit of creativity you can muster up. My suggestion for those having trouble getting in the groove of Arma 3, is to join a realism unit. I wont name my unit but there are some pretty good ones out there if you take the time and look. Since I joined my unit, I have seen a inprovement over my previous skill. A review saying that the game was too hard to be enjoyable inspired my to edit my review. Also try messing around in the editor, thats another good place to learn. Anyway, there are lots of ways to get better at this game, it just takes time and practice. I hope BI is planning Arma 4, but problably no time soon. If you want a game that makes you feel like a real soldier, then this is the one, if you have problems just try what I suggested and you should see inprovement. Its a VERY enjoyable game once you get the hang of it, so get it and join the battle! Hope this helps those that are on the fence about getting Arma 3, good luck!
game-hours: 23.7
review: Skyrim but with military - 7/10
game-hours: 87.4
review: Arguably the most authentic MilSim experience you can get without experiencing the real life hazards of warfare.
game-hours: 398.6
review: I just realized I've logged in 263+ hours into this game without giving it a review. I have ADHD, so it's really hard to keep my attention, especially in games, a hobby I love. Let me just say. Arma 3 has taken 263+ of my hours while the upcoming game has only taken 180+ of my hours. Really? Is there anything else I need to say about this game?
game-hours: 81.6
review: This game is fun in all of it's aspects. I enjoy the competitive gaming and the interactions with other members of your squad. Of course I have played Arma 1 and 2 and believe that they should have changed to a different engine. Other than that I enjoy playing the game, driving the vehicles, shooting up places, and the amount of teamwork it takes to be successful in a mission. I do recommend Altis Life. I love the Role playing and the fact that the community is really friendly. I don't like the RDMing but, it's something that you get used to after a while. Overall this game gets a 4/5 from me. 4/5 mainly because of the glitches of the cars and the walls. But other than that I truly enjoy playing this game with friends and enemies alike. :D
game-hours: 580.2
review: I was on top of a tower looking this airport terminal a mile away trying to snipe and this tank shows up from no where and blows me off the tower. This game is a blast!
game-hours: 51.5
review: Much more fun if you get some buddys together and play with them :-)
game-hours: 195.0
review: This is the real Military Simulation game. 101/100 nothing much to say just play it and you know what I mean.
game-hours: 132.6
review: Although the engine has been vastly improved over its predecessor, and the graphics look amazing, the game still feels unfinished, even a year after its release. It keeps the realistic feel of its predecessors, which is a plus, although the lack of simple, basic content expected in games of this genre (such as no female avatars, whatsoever, and the inability to change weapons while moving) take away from that somewhat. Remember that when you buy this game, you buy a game that is, although unfinished, constantly being upgraded and improved by the developers. Despite that, like with its predecessors, mods are where this game truly shines.
game-hours: 197.2
review: Only good thing about it is how fast it closes, 1/10 would close again.
game-hours: 97.5
review: A very good fps/thirdperson shooter game. Perfect for RP and much more. 10/10 best you could get:D
game-hours: 1.8
review: oyun ok gzel en sevdiim oyun ama param olmad iin alamyorum o yzden video izleyerek rendim baylyorum bu oyuna <3 <3
game-hours: 1558.2
review: Awesome and immersive game, It had bugs and isnt written perfectly. But the gameplay compensates for it and even more.
game-hours: 356.9
review: THE BES T OF THE BEST 10/10
game-hours: 1.1
review: The 2nd tour is sucky
game-hours: 4.4
review: great game. I definately dont play it enough but I should!
game-hours: 215.1
review: This game is so good that whenever I play it I bleed profusely from all of my orifices because I can't contain how excited it makes me.
game-hours: 224.2
review: DONT BUY IT ITS BROKEN AND UNFINISHED YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO PLAY ANYTHING BUT THE FIRST EPISODE UP UNTIL THE TIPPING POINT MISSION WHERE YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO BOARD THE BOAT AND COMPLETE THE MISSION THIS IS A FRAUDULANTLY REPRESENTED "GAME" BI REFUSES TO ANSWER TO THIS SINCE 2013 DO NOT BUY
game-hours: 143.4
review: best game ever, great combat system, great weapon system, amazing players, large amount of server
game-hours: 142.1
review: If everyone who played this wasn't a little kid or a dumbass it would be fun.
game-hours: 2850.8
review: Great game but hate moding wile in singleplayer
game-hours: 89.7
review: best milsim sandbox, although took a while to get there
game-hours: 35.2
review: :)
game-hours: 542.2
review: Love the game, finally a realistic fps. the developers are always updating to make it more realistic. graphics are awsome! love the selection of multiplayer scenarios.
game-hours: 122.8
review: Your dedicated home military simulator 2013.
game-hours: 470.7
review: Love this game , Great community and people have the best of servers. The A3L stolen stuff drama is fun to watch ;) love a bit of drama , Great altis life servers out there and also some amazing mods to play with. I am aiming to finish the campaign soon since im finding it semi difficult but i will get there ;P 10/10 would bang again play*
game-hours: 1414.1
review: Great Game
game-hours: 398.6
review: Best tactical shooter our there!
game-hours: 618.7
review: The mods is what makes this game
game-hours: 186.3
review: ArmA 3. Supposedly my best game I have ever played. Many things to say, but I want to make this a small and quick review. I will first start off with the community. Bohemia Interactive is depending on the community to make missions for the game, and I feel that that is the way to go as they did this with many other games and turned out succesful. The community lets out mods, addons and such for the game from Singleplayer, to coop missions for your friends and Multiplayer missions such as Invade and Annex. Addons to the game like weapons such as M4's, G3's, SCAR weapons and much more, because in the vanilla game there is not much of a diverse amount of weapons in the game as there is and assault rifle and a carbine version of the weapon. I am glad to see that the community members actually take their time to make amazing weapons that can not only be used in singleplayer but also multiplayer if it is allowed. Ballistics. Oh dear god. If I talk about this subject you would think twice about hiding in cover and picking the best looking vest like the strap one for example. The larger the caliber the bigger the penetration. Hiding behind a wall may make you unsafe to the 7.62mm round for exaple. If you were to be shot with 5.56mm round then it wouldn't hurt as much (I am not an ammuntion genuis, this is from my own experience) Vests have a big role in ArmA 3 as they may mean life or death to you. Picking a lightweight vest may make you a quick target but very vulnrable to bullets but if you were to choose a plate carrier over a strap vest for exapmle you may be a slower targer but not by much adding to that, that bullets wont penetrate the plate carriers very easily. In my personal opinion pick the Plate carrier vests as they make you a hard to kill target. Weapons. Weapons functionality and reliabilty in combat depends on the ammunition. 5.56, 6.5, 7.62, 9mm are just some of the ammunition. the most effective sort of ammunition would be the 7.62mm as it is used currently in alot of modern weapons today and would be the most destructive and effective out of all ammo in ArmA 3. The 5.56 and the 6.5 would be mostly used on assault rifles and be effective at close to medium range (Meduim range would be 300m) Pistols and SMG's would use the 9mm. 9mm ammunition would be a larger sort of ammo but not as destructive or damaging as the greater 7.62 ammo, better of using the greater assault rifles. Veichles. Land, sea or air. They all exist. Armed helicopters, jeeps, armored boats and more. Some mounted weapons on veichles could be a HMG or a grenade launcher. Each of the factions have speacial veichles, Nato uses the Hunter which is an MRAP, it comes with mounted weapons and is mainly used for recconissance aswell it is a mine resistant veichle which not many of you know. CSAT use the Ifrit which is the same sort of reconnisance veichle as the Hunter which is also mine resistant. AAF use the Strider, not many of the player know this but this car is amphibious. Helicopters come in 3 categories I put in my mind. Light, meduim and heavy. Light helicopters would the the Hummingbird or Littlebird and they come in unarmed and armed variants. Meduim helicopters would be a Hellcat which is an armed transport heli aswell as an Orca. Heavy helicopters would be the Mowhawk. Each of the weights affects the manuverability of them. Boats. Boats main and sole purpose is; reconissance of the sea. Your main job is to provide support from the sea and scout for enemy activity along the coasts. There are not only military boats but aswell as recretion boats. Some boats come with a light machine gun some of them come with a grenade launcher some come with both, some can come with none.
game-hours: 242.3
review: For me is the best game ever <3 !!! Of course i recommend !!! If you play with friends you can add more fun !!!
game-hours: 80.3
review: Amazing. So much to do. So much content. Whoever likes sim-style games/the arma series. This is (after some patching and content adding by the devs ;) ) definitely a must have! EDIT: too bad they add all these (expansive) addons, but now after the game and campaigns are finished its for me like an amazing sandbox/sim/fps game, that only the Kerbal Space Program can reach in terms of replayability. Very well done Bohemia.
game-hours: 64.2
review: Best infantry simulator. Only the flight model for fixed and rotary wing aircraft is complete crap.
game-hours: 782.6
review: This game is really fun, I enjoy playing online alot
game-hours: 2353.2
review: games gonna be sick on release
game-hours: 582.1
review: This game has everything you want when it comes to military simulation and actions. I personally recommend it to anyone who has a passion for war tactics and realism without cutting out the fun. A game that cannot be compared to the rest.
game-hours: 31.2
review: this is a truely good game that will take hours of your life. you can play the campaign wich is fun but you can also play the multiplayer that has all from user generated funny stuff too realy realistick battels/missions
game-hours: 76.3
review: So far I love this game it's so real and that's what alot of fps games are missing
game-hours: 41.5
review: Asked an AI to 1v1 me and his buddy killed me. freakin noobs.
game-hours: 259.0
review: I extremly love this game besides the people online that can abuse thier powere i love this game and definetly reccomend it to anyone else
game-hours: 87.5
review: This game is one of the best games i have ever played so far, even if it says its a simulator, it is still a game. I have played this before, and my computer cant run it very well, but decent. I recommend you get something higher than a gtx 560,(ti) something like a gtx 670 or R9 280x. Also, yes, i don't have the game, but i have played it before, and i recommend this game Rating:11/10
game-hours: 62.8
review: GREAT
game-hours: 644.7
review: Great fun to paly with friend
game-hours: 210.8
review: THE BEST GAME EVER!
game-hours: 59.0
review: arma 3 is  best game
game-hours: 298.2
review: must buy
game-hours: 891.8
review: its good gimmie more
game-hours: 248.6
review: The best lah
game-hours: 104.6
review: Initially I was pretty esitant to shell out $60 for this game, after having read a lot of positive and negative reviews/comments. Obviously I ended up purchasing. I was looking for a game that was different than your standard 'blockbuster' shooter, one that required a lot more thinking and strategy, and this game delivered. Combat is rediculously unforgiving, it will punish you for your mistakes and you will die, and reload, and die again. Sometimes it can be a frustrating experience, so I wouldnt recommend this to anyone looking for a game that they can walk through and feel like an action hero. But when you pull off a perfect ambush on a convoy using a bridge you located via your map as a chokepoint, its a satisfying moment. So, positives: Great graphics and details, sounds are visceral, combat is complex and fun once you get the hang of it, weapon physics seem pretty good & the game has a huge scope for awesome looking player created content and multiplayer (I've not tried either as of yet). Negatives: Occasional frustrating bugs (like not being able to enter an essential vehicle), some levels can be rage inducing, and my biggest gripe so far (but i can reconcile with it as there are lots of redeeming qualities) - AI can be pretty hit and miss at times, your squad as well as enemies can be highly intelligent in making use of cover and increase their chances of survival... or they might just blindly walk into the path of bullets. Also, enemies also can seem to rotate between being piss poor shots and being world class marksmen (and in a game where one well placed bullet can see you downed, this inconsistancy can be a bit of a pain) Overall I'd definately reccomend this game to anyone who wants something thats going to challenge them and require a lot more thinking than COD or battlefield. The platform as a whole has a huge scope and the availabilty for extra content seems almost endless, and if your willing to get past a few flaws in design etc there is a lot of fun to be had.
game-hours: 972.4
review: Great combat sim!
game-hours: 49.5
review: Great game! Has everything from guerilla warfare to aerial combat, I spent atleast 3 hours just flying around on altis. Extremely fun! pros and cons: +Amazing graphics +Superb gameplay +Large portion of different types of gameplay and playstyles +Realistic combat +Workshop & Moddable -Slight performance issues, seems unfinished -Could use more weapons and vehicles
game-hours: 346.7
review: Got called a  and got shoot down from the cop 10/10 real life.
game-hours: 14.7
review: Complete trash of a game. Every single problem from Arma 2 (which is a lot) is still there. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. everything from the controls to the camera to the instructions is useless and made by monkeys. if you fly a heli the slightest turn of the mouse and your camera spins 180 degrees and you can see everything but what you want. waypoints are still in the dumbest colour ever so you can never see where you are going. Such a shame as it looks amazing and has so much detail but you need to deal with so much frustration and just utterly poor game design. I wish you could get a refund cos this game is an outrage.
game-hours: 17.6
review: This is the game for all of you wanting something more real out of your FPS. Not for casuals though not so compicated as Arma 2.
game-hours: 26.0
review: When playing Altis Life I got kidnapped by some police offers and they told me if I didn't give them 100000 each they'd make my time on the server a living hell 10/10
game-hours: 35.6
review: Didn't bring much to the table in my own opinion, but the addition of more modern controls and the addition of newer smoother animations makes it a nice upgrade from ARMA 2
game-hours: 64.3
review: good game but needs an update from the last it keeps crashing, its never crashed on me before get ur  together boheamia
game-hours: 151.7
review: One of the best military simulators/shooters to date. Gameplay, stunning visuals, vastness of the map (both of maps, actually), good sound and user-created content with workshop integration (mods and missions are easy to instal). The game is awesome! But friendly AI is dumb sometimes. 9/10
game-hours: 48.7
review: rolling thunder theater of war doom fire engulf, searing cold of war maelstrom inferno abyss tunnel vision bombshell decision traumatic condition ripping hell the eye the night flaring raindead sadness and hate revenge unhedge destruction of lies empowerment of desolate could anyone be subjected neglected napalm burning infernal condense
game-hours: 239.7
review: Its very indepth and has hours of gameplay, its AI system makes it so you never fully know what will happen next.
game-hours: 94.3
review: Altis and Stratis life are the best part about this game in my opinion. Also the editor, spawning in jets or helis and flying them around. In Altis life, my helicopter got stolen after I tried to say "Hello!" to some guy in a ghillie. He asked for me keys so I just gave up there...
game-hours: 541.0
review: BF what? This is war.
game-hours: 239.3
review: This game is amazing!
game-hours: 33.6
review: This game is so chic!!!!! I recomment it. The graphic is amazing.
game-hours: 122.1
review: one of the best shooters out there and very realistic, an outstanding game.
game-hours: 294.3
review: This is glorious depiction of future russian strength. America  tanks i can steamroll for hours and laugh along with friends of the dictato....i mean democratic federation of russia. i give this game a 4/5 olympic rings.
game-hours: 454.5
review: A great game.
game-hours: 62.1
review: Arma 3 in 2 words....... F*cking Awsome!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 330.7
review: 10/10
game-hours: 314.0
review: If you like realism and shooters this is your game. Need a pretty good rig to run this well though, but it is worth it when you fly a jet in first person and look around the cockpit. Such a trip.
game-hours: 70.4
review: Cleary the best military simulator on the market today. Wasteland is out of this world. 10/10 42 hours i have played in the last week alone.
game-hours: 21.5
review: booty
game-hours: 185.5
review: Played Altis Life RPG for eight hours straight. Made my first million. Bought a chopper, and fully geared myself up. Died in a fiery crash when the cops told me I couldn't land in a meth lab. Lost all my money and had to start from square one. 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 29.0
review: DUTH.
game-hours: 91.4
review: Great game! Some of the best realistic gunplay and combat. The base game is good, but its the multiplayer that shines. Things like Altis Life and Battle Royale will have you hooked.
game-hours: 22.3
review: Awesome game has lots to offer for players with experience but also for content creators
game-hours: 52.1
review: KOTH YEAH!
game-hours: 34.8
review: Awesome game if you are planning on playing the mods, such as Epoch, ArmaGeddon, Wastelend, etc. In that case this game is soo good! Buy it!
game-hours: 35.0
review: its ok
game-hours: 122.0
review: So, another amazing game from Bohemia. ArmA3 is very beautifull AND well made game. From ArmA2 it got more into simulation part, but lacks some vehicles and weapons variety, but all of that is being add... With purchasable dlc (that sucks, but for this game- worth it).
game-hours: 413.7
review: Realy good game, lots of gamemodes and lots of RP servers. the downside of the game is that it has FPS problems, but some times it not the game but the gamemode if you play a 70 player RP server then YEAH the fps sucks but if you play a deathmatch with 20 player (like battle Royal,its a mod ) its not that bad. and it has a lot of nice workshop content. 10/10 would like to kill some one again !
game-hours: 206.7
review: great game,very good,so much fun playing with or without your mates,highley recomended
game-hours: 96.5
review: such an amazing game
game-hours: 633.4
review: BEST ARMY GAME EVER !
game-hours: 425.5
review: The game is awesome, it has some very good servers like Wasteland and Altis life. Also Breaking point mod is very good, but you need to download it separately. Weapons and vehicles are very nice to play with. However you need very.. very awesome gaming PC to run it on highest settings and if you can play 100 player Altis life server on ultra settings with 60+ fps, that's quite an achievement, i mean DAMN. WARNING, don't buy this game if you plan to play it on a laptop or a computer that can barely run other big games. +Very playable and good looking even with lowest settings +Awesome servers and mods +Sea, Air, and land modern combat -Sometimes it runs like a potato if you don't have "expensive" computer
game-hours: 171.3
review: Its a very good game to play with your friends but if you want to play something like rping then try altis thats something that is fun to do. Plus you can be a cop, medic or a civilian!
game-hours: 13.6
review: best military game ever
game-hours: 365.3
review: :)
game-hours: 29.1
review: ING BEST!
game-hours: 219.1
review: What more to say? Coming back to this from a few years away and it's great to see how its developed. Being a fan from Arma, Arma 2 and even VBS 2, you can't go wrong with checking this out. But there are conditions: you have to love the milsim side of life, you can do ANYTHING. You have to persevere also. You will die. Again and again... This game will suck you in. Big time....
game-hours: 42.0
review: If you're getting this because you enjoyed ARMA 2, then it's nothing like it. Better graphics, but I feel left down. 7.8 / 10
game-hours: 1737.4
review: To make this simple I'v spent twice the ammount of BF4 than Arma 3 and I'v spent much more time on Arma 3.
game-hours: 29.1
review: one of the best military games i have ever palyed
game-hours: 101.4
review: Great game... Buy it. No regret. Multiplayer server is crowded with enthusiast people...
game-hours: 301.6
review: ARMA 3, and absolute major achivement by Bohemia Interactive! I am glad to say that this game has been my favourite game for quite some time and i strongly advise you to purchase this product if you have't already. Buying the digital deluxe edition of this game gave me all the arma 3 game music which i thought was pretty cool considering the music is high def.
game-hours: 120.1
review: This a a great game for some one who likes combat games, but wants a realistic system. I fully injoy playing this game. I think that it has somthing that everyone likes. people can make their own mission host their own games and even modify the game if they want to. If you like simulators like minecraft and also like First Person Shooters I recommend that you get this game.
game-hours: 214.4
review: This game is awesome, to put it short. This game offers a unique and good war experience, it's fun to play with your friends or just by yourself. The game also offers a huge varity in gameplay, both in the game's content and the players' content is a very vast collection of diffrent mission and gameplays. This game has alot of diffrent mods aswell, there is apperantly Breaking point (DayZ) in the collection now.
game-hours: 1.2
review: Complete Waste of money
game-hours: 185.7
review: As an old OFP-veteran i never managed to get familiar with the sequels (Arma, Arma II), though i bought them all and tried to play. The old fascination never happend to catch me again because of lack of story and broken gameplay (Im not too enthusiastic about multiplayer...) I was sceptic about Arma3, since it was pushed a lot via different magazines and channels. At first glimpse i seemed to be right, Arma 3 without singleplayer, wtf? BUT: i have to admit, that the two chapters of the campaign yet released brought it all back for me. The old fever came back in a rush, nailing me in my seat just to replay mission by mission over and over again (you know, just to not lose a single member of my team...). Gameplay is smooth, i never came across (or failed to recognize) a single bug, graphics are awesome, weapon handling is unmatched ... i could carry on like that for while. To make a long story short: you liked OFP, you are very probably going to like this one too, even if you couldnt get friendly with ARMA or ARMA2.
game-hours: 533.9
review: One of the best games i have ever played
game-hours: 4.2
review: Overall the game play is difficult and focuses on real life accuracy making the movement mechanics very frustrating to navigate. Unless you're driving a land based vehicle, you're going to find piloting any aircraft a complete nightmare. The game looks great but has a very small variety of weapons to choose from, which in turn makes for some pretty bland game play. The enemies are all crack shots and can hit you from miles away even if you're in a concealed, prone position. I picked this up during a sale recently and still regret the purchase. Lesson learned. Will be avoiding any future Bohemia Interactive titles.
game-hours: 332.8
review: The real game, The best Game
game-hours: 521.1
review: A few bugs otherwise fun to Play Shooter
game-hours: 55.5
review: awesome fun game very tactical
game-hours: 396.4
review: I wish it ran smoother but its a great improvement from arma 2
game-hours: 9.3
review: Well I got this in alpha release when it was $30 but if I didn't I would gladly pay the full price for it. Awesome game I definately got 3 times my value that I invested in it and I am getting more!!! The updates will  your internet but they come with huge content. The developers are really giving people their worth in both time and money. Easily becoming a better shooter then any CoD game and is even leading the hard to beat BF series. My score: 10 out of 10 and it just got out of beta!!! Can't wait to see what else the developers add to this!!
game-hours: 155.1
review: This game is awesome, you have to try out Stratis wasteland or King of the Hill game modes :P
game-hours: 213.3
review: a (mostly) ground combat platform, widely open to modding fully customizable, not working in 3D Vision, TRACK IR greatly raises the experience
game-hours: 18.1
review: cant play online
game-hours: 615.8
review: its teh best.
game-hours: 182.7
review: Really fun.
game-hours: 221.9
review: I highly reccomend this game.
game-hours: 924.2
review: Unless you are a REALLY, REALLY big fan of the Operation Flashpoint lineage, avoid this. Avoid it until they see their stocks plummet so far into the ground that they finally decide to get off their lazy  and fix this piece of  up. It's been, what, two years now? It's still a leaky piece of  with major FPS and performance problems of which, mind you, 3/4th of these issues come from the ORIGINAL operation flashpoint. Litteraly NOTHING has been done to remove any of these issues and it very obviously shows. Only pick this up if you don't have any of the previous itterations, it's exactly the same, minus a few gameplay tweaks.
game-hours: 69.7
review: Dis game is fukin sweet. Zeus is gonna be killah.
game-hours: 606.9
review: Awesome game recommend it to everyone !!
game-hours: 146.4
review: Completely recommend it, its one of the best games i've ever played, the great realism and tactical ability allows you to do practically anthing you want within the boundries great gammodes and mostly good comunity, always going to be one of my favourite games, hope you enjoy it as much as i have, try it even if your not sure, i can almost garaunte you'll love it!!
game-hours: 86.4
review: Despite the performance issues, I have to admit, I love the game. It's the best military simulator available. I recommend that you have an extemely beefy PC. Also, check this link. It will help with the performance.
game-hours: 18.5
review: Massive Improvement since the last game which I've been playing for about 4 years.
game-hours: 343.7
review: I love this game! So many different ways to play this game whether its a modded rpg or a survival apocalypse this game, in my opinion, is the best game to get if you want to download mods for it.
game-hours: 396.2
review: Great game. The AI takes a little bit of getting used to and the land drones won't cross bridges on their own but once you get past all of that you'll learn to love the game.
game-hours: 165.6
review: Absolutely fantastic! As expected, you'll need to be into highly realistic gameplay and hardcore military simulating, but if this is your kind of gaming, you'll fall in love because of the possibilities.
game-hours: 17.1
review: Just like Operation fl Point :D Recommend 100%
game-hours: 6.0
review: Athiest/10
game-hours: 17.1
review: Breaking Point
game-hours: 28.0
review: Pretty damn hard to get used to, has a pretty steep learning curve, but damn is every second of it enjoyable!
game-hours: 318.8
review: Arma 3..... a fun and immersive experience.Pros: Great Graphics, immersive, Great editor, awesome mp, and 4 factions to play as, Fia Nato AAF CSat. Cons: A few minor balencing issues, and is not optomized to well. 8.3/10
game-hours: 4.9
review: I absolutely hate this game. 40 I am never getting back. To hell with steam.
game-hours: 420.4
review: Very good game. Love it!!
game-hours: 420.4
review: Very good game. Love it!!
game-hours: 420.4
review: Very good game. Love it!!
game-hours: 285.6
review: Very realistic and has verstaile module options. A very realistic military fps/3rd person simulation game.
game-hours: 129.0
review: a gorgeous hiking simulator.
game-hours: 61.9
review: ING RIP OFF ITS SAYS YOU NEED 4GB RAM AND I HAVE THAT AND WHEN I PLAY THIS GAME ONLINE I GET ING WORST FPS EVER DONT BUY
game-hours: 214.0
review: Fun but desync is bad
game-hours: 469.0
review: One of the be sim u can ever play.
game-hours: 45.2
review: Fantastic game, great graphics, not too taxing on system resources, great ai, and provides an unsurpassed level of emersion. ARMA 3 truely is the closest you can get to real combat from your PC.
game-hours: 238.6
review: After many months of waiting we all have finally a good product in line with others arma serie sims....i can say without hairs on toungue...yes...it's a game to purchase absolutely because it's the only simulation that give to all players who want some in more about realism and gameplay.Can be a bit frustrating at start cause it's a sim and not a game but anyway you can also set it as a game ....more easy as you want .It is a sim settable really as you desire in all aspects...so...now there is nomore excuses for to say i wait a bit for to have it Finally the second island of the game called Altis it's a capolavour of design ...go to check there all the hundreds of things into Altis map and you ll see the delicious attention for the more fine details.The AI is improved as sound 3D and in general all you did like into arma serie is here in more detailed graphic and sound with a new engine.
game-hours: 566.4
review: best FPS ever
game-hours: 347.9
review: Amazing game, a real step up from Arma 2, if you are into fun games, get this one.
game-hours: 78.2
review: If I there was a Thumbs up, Thumbs down. I'd Give it that, I sunk just about 8 hours into it. Don't get me wrong, I quite like this Game, The Graphics, Gameplay, Control of the charecters are fantastic. But there are some Things I'd like to go through: 1) AI: This is a MAJOR problem which will ruin the game, To kill an enemy, it's about 4-5 shots The AI however (even on recruit, Can kill you in 1-2 SHOTS from distances at 500m from a standard assault rifle, It ruins the game completely. You cannot complete the game without dying 10+ times. This needs to be fixed, especially on the mission which are on your own. On multiplayer however,(Co-Op) AI is laggy and derpy at times, and are still OP. 2) Controls are hard to get used to, They are everywhere, Num Pad, F keys, Behind your back etc. If you can't remember a binding, or get a control wrong, it could cost a mission faliure, There a bit clunky at times. 3) Price: 35.99 (I got it for 17.99) In my opinion, a bit overpriced for what you get... But still is a very good game In conclusion, ARMA 3 is a great Game But still needs work with AI Overall I will give it 7/10
game-hours: 1525.3
review: Yay
game-hours: 220.4
review: Amazing, it makes you feel like you're actually there and you'll be running whenever you hear explosions and gunshots and you will probably be hiding and taking shots sometimes. Best experience i've had with any game, get it on sale though because 36 quid is quite alot.
game-hours: 21.0
review: badly optimized game. It's insane that you can't get 60fps on even the lowest settings during multiplayer. It will make you motion sick.
game-hours: 194.8
review: Arma 3 is starting to look like a Pay to Win Game The last dlc:"arma 3 helicopters" is not supposed too be DLC this game is far from finished. this is really just an update. I predict that there also will be an APC DLC, assault boat DLC, jets DLC and maybe even a weapons DLC. bohemia is not the same as in arma 2, their morals changed into moneywhoring of the DayZ trend. I see this and hope that more people notice this (unacceptable) payed update trend. Bohemia please, i paid 50 euro's for your game i personally think this is enough for what we get. after being banned in the beta version that i bought we were promised more vehicles (notice: not as in DLC.) we currently have, and the game is "finished" a few similar weapons and vehicles. I am still waiting for these promised features of the finished product. Jan Koning,
game-hours: 2.2
review: For only $15.99 you can unlock a helicopter in a game you already paid for. 10/10 would buy all DLC
game-hours: 47.9
review: This game is good but needs more features and this game is normaly $60 and i shouldent have to pay more money for DLC features that should already be in the game it feels like a Beta wait until the game is on sale before you buy it :)
game-hours: 267.7
review: A man in underwear crashed a Quadbike into me. 10/10
game-hours: 184.2
review: good game
game-hours: 50.8
review: It takes a while ti get use to the tactics you have to employ to be good at it but it is very entertaining. Not for Run and Gun type players. You need patience to enjoy this game.
game-hours: 129.4
review: Love the game, but the community is obcessed with some kinda "second life" type RPG. The community use to be cool but now its just a bunch of stuck up euro trash and dewbs.
game-hours: 7.9
review: !
game-hours: 206.5
review: Gourmet gaming. It's like eating caviar.
game-hours: 6.3
review: yes
game-hours: 19.4
review: WARNING: DONT BUY THIS GAME From when people pay for half finished game? Tons of bugs, That makes the game allmost too hard to play. Still there are some OK game modes, that make it a little bit better(Personal tip: play altis life)
game-hours: 937.1
review: The best milsim game ever!
game-hours: 886.7
review: totally worth the money if your in to Arma
game-hours: 59.6
review: Extremely good game great single player better multiplayer and tons of mods/addons/maps/custom missions and alot more. Must buy.
game-hours: 32.6
review: Great game!!!
game-hours: 18.9
review: This game is very fun, but Battle Eye is a pain. They Globally Banned me for my CD key being stolen and my account was used for hacking. They told me it was my own fault for get my account hacked and my CD Stolen. Battle Eye is a horrible Company and I have no idea why any one uses their serves. If I was you I wouldnt get the game because you will probably get banned in the next week and waste $60. This game is not worth your time or your money.
game-hours: 252.4
review: An amazing game, I recommend to only players who have patience and are skilled. This is not an easy game to play.
game-hours: 118.4
review: best game ever My friend made D-day
game-hours: 167.5
review: Oh yeah.
game-hours: 2.7
review: ing Grphics, Laggy and Buggy... This Game sucks.
game-hours: 1271.7
review: ing fantastic game. May have multiple bugs and glitches like ARMA 2 but this game has many wonderful mods and mission files like: Breaking Point, Wasteland, Altis life, Battle Royale, and one of my favorites from ARMA 2 Invasion 1944. My suggestion is that you buy this game. Owned it for 4 months now cant even stop playing now im at nearly 400 hours.
game-hours: 1493.6
review: ing best game ever
game-hours: 5.0
review: I have brought every single Arma game and never actually played the games themselves. But the mods are worth the buy alone so 10/10
game-hours: 124.6
review: one of the best games ive played
game-hours: 49.0
review: Definitely buy this game! 1. The amazing Campaign 2. Battle Royale! Battle Royale is a game mode where you and a bunch of other players are pinned against each other in a battle to the death. Everyone parachutes out of a plane and has to land on ground safely and find weapons to use. 3.Altis Life! Altis Life is a game mode where you have to basically have to survive on your own or with friends you can rob banks, kill people, be the po-po , or sell drugs what ever it takes to survive and get money!
game-hours: 109.7
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 4.3
review: love it
game-hours: 976.2
review: If you like strategic military combat in a vast open world, then get this game. If u like Battlefield, then you'll love this game. I got COD advanced warfare, and played it about an hour, after which I found myself back in the lands of Altis Wasteland (Arma 3). Played over 100 hours in the last 2 weeks, seriosly, so get it already.
game-hours: 0.3
review: Arma died with the influx of Wasteland and DayZ deathmatch players. Bohemia a once community friendly company seems to gone the way of greedy developer once they got a taste of the DayZ and DayZ Standalone money. $66 for a Digital download of a nearly 2 year old game? $17 for 2 choppers????? Seriously?
game-hours: 153.3
review: The best game ive bought!
game-hours: 203.7
review: Good game
game-hours: 40.7
review: Been a Battlefield Fan for a while then i came upon Arma 2 which blew me away and since then have followed to Arma 3 and it just keeps getting better and better. Maps are big and a big Varity of Vechicles just need a good eye and switched on and you do fine.
game-hours: 0.2
review: THE HELL I THOUGHT I GOT IT FREE CAUSE OF THE OFFER OMG
game-hours: 217.9
review: Got tactical, about to drop into a city to help take the hill. Pilot told us we were going to land, jumped out and we all crashed. 6/9 had butt in my nose.
game-hours: 92.4
review: good
game-hours: 30.4
review: Accidently touched a tree with helicopter and exploded to death. best Aircraft Killing Simulator!
game-hours: 1242.2
review: Very nice graphics, amazing story, really fun mission editor, "noob" friendly, and more. So much possibilities in this game. The multiplayer is really cool and fully customizable. If you're a realistic war simulator lover, then this game is best suitable for you. Bad point of the game are physics, that could use a bit more work. But for overall. Amazing game. If you love this game you may reach over 700 hours of gameplay! (At least I have for being a mission developer)
game-hours: 366.4
review: Amazing war simulator. The workshop and modding community give you the opportunity for expansion of the base game, and the core game itself is wonderful.
game-hours: 613.5
review: Lot of amazing mods, I think anyone who plays this will LOVE Altis life. So a great time with friends and who doesn't enjoy stealing other peoples organs? Just make sure you have a decent Rig or you won't have a very good time. 10/10 would play again :D
game-hours: 139.4
review: Fantastic! For someone who loves massive maps and blowing  up, this game is #1. The maps are detailed to perfection. The modding is easy as sneezing, with a mod website with new stuff every day. The actual depth of detail in things like damage to specific parts of your helicoptor or different attachments with speed slowing with more weight. There are of course a couple cons. First off: no melee which I can live with but is kind of annoying. Second off: If you have a lot of mods installed then its almost impossible to join an online game ( which can be solved my moving mods into a seperate folder but takes forever). Even with those cons this is still one of my favorite games to play and would highly recomend it.
game-hours: 12.3
review: Nice game nice graphics I will buy it :D Team work on first place !
game-hours: 1193.3
review: Best game out right now.
game-hours: 50.4
review: Disgustingly better than ARMA 2 in every way.
game-hours: 100.3
review: Great game
game-hours: 252.8
review: Best game I have ever played
game-hours: 1457.7
review: Amazing game, would recommend to anyone with a pc good enough to run it!
game-hours: 141.7
review: Massive game, great job love it
game-hours: 92.9
review: Worth getting!
game-hours: 96.1
review: good for altis life but need friends to have it
game-hours: 55.8
review: Dobra gra, polecam. Hajs, koks, przestpstwa, dostawanie wpierdzielu. Wszystko o czym marzysz, Altis life no life.
game-hours: 230.2
review: good
game-hours: 49.1
review: Remarkably well put together as Bohemia games go! I only noticed two serious game play  ups: The AI twice ( in my entire 40 hour playthrough) decided to just sit in a house and play dominos rather than follow me into battle. Beautiful game, the sound and your vulnerability makes EVERY firefight an intense one, and close quarters stuff is just amazing. The thrill of getting the drop on the enemy AI ( which is a tough son of a  at the best of times) is great.
game-hours: 64.2
review: A lot better than it was before, luckily for me i bought it when it was in alpha :D
game-hours: 1407.2
review: Not enough content in the base game but the mods and addons make arma what it is. 10/10
game-hours: 475.3
review: Everything is a lie. Mods save this company.
game-hours: 59.2
review: its nice game and i love it so much gamemodes and servers
game-hours: 889.5
review: swag
game-hours: 94.5
review: Realistic war :)
game-hours: 570.0
review: I have a lot of fun with this game but with heli dlc the ed up totally flying with heli and its now impossible to do so better dont buy this game its
game-hours: 71.5
review: Makes CoD, MoH, Battlefield, and every other modern-themed quasi-military game feel like rubbish. The simulation is fantastic, the realism is unmatched, and the gameplay is stunning. I was stunned by the Alpha release: it was like nothing I'd ever played before. Then the full release came around, and I was even more impressed. There are a few downsides to Arma 3, don't get me wrong. The control layout learning curve is EXTREMELY steep, to run the game at maximum graphicical settings requires a VERY beefy set of hardware, and some of the servers SUCK. But, and this is a big but, if you are looking for realism, look no further. If you can't do something in the base game, I guarantee there is a mod somewhere to make it work. Another plus is the community; because the learning curve coming in is so steep, it weeds out a vast majority of the 12-year-old COD crowd that we mature gamers love to hate. In closing, I HIGHLY reccomend Arma 3, but be warned: it is not for the casual gamer.
game-hours: 22.6
review: Life simulator 10/10
game-hours: 1156.5
review: Just epic, a war simulation, very immersive !! Just recommend it, no more to say about it ! Even if sometimes you feel a bit like "Why this soldiers just can't climb this ing wall, why can't he jump ?!?!"
game-hours: 281.4
review: I do reccomend this game, as far as military sims go there is none finer. The Mod support is wonderfull essentially turning one game into several possabilities.( Altis Life, Breaking Point, Epoch, and the regular wasteland) not to mention the hundreds upon hundreds of single player mods. The graphics are stunning when compared to Arma 2 as the improvemts to the UI and over all controll of character and game elements make it much smoother than it's predicessor. On the negative side are Bohemia's ugly DLC content. The Karts are cool and for the now price of 1.99$ sure why not. However the newest installment of Arma3 Choppers is a cash grab ripoff, allow me to explain. this DLC offers 2 choppers that were already in game, that just couldnt be piloted. Essentially they added a little scripting tweak to allow players to use them some other supportive bells and whistles to go along with them and stuck it with a 16$ price tag....I cringe to see what the upcoming marksman DLC offers compared to the price. Buy the game, well worth the money...however i would hold off on purchasing DLC untill the price drops, which it will inevitably do.
game-hours: 366.0
review: Full of bugs, this is glitches galore, what little content there is seems unfinished and rough. Its hard to call this a game and it doesn't completely qualify as a simulator yet. There are no collision mechanics vehicles colliding with each other or some objects usually ends with one of them flying off into the distance. I wouldn't recommend this game for 60$ not even for 40$ this was released as a "full game" months before it should be and we're still waiting on a real full release, in the mean time they haven't even added any of the old vehicles or equipment there is very little hope and I'd say the only salvagable content is the modding community which so far has kept arma 3 alive for as long as it is though most of the people who purchased it have given up. I want my money back.
game-hours: 78.3
review: GUT GAME VERY FUN TO PRAY WITH FRONDS FOR GREAT BANTER
game-hours: 459.4
review: Brilliant game. Very moddable, and excellent if you can join an Arma group for co-op play.
game-hours: 382.9
review: 10/10 it's okay
game-hours: 328.6
review: its a good game with a good modding comunity and ill leave my playtime to say the rest. i will say if you are wanting the dlc then for the heli dlc. wait for a steam sale it does not look worth it at the moment(9.99) and i will not be buying it untill its 5 or less.
game-hours: 1706.0
review: Arma 3 is a great game by itself. But where it really shines is in the mods and cutom content that it makes available. Arma is a sandbox that content creators can use to create some of the most fun and fantasticly real combat scenarios out there. It also opens the doors for other ways to use the game in fun ways. With go kart races, helicopter time trials, and target practice / firing ranges, you can really find endless ways to have fun in this game.
game-hours: 16.3
review: This is brutal war simulator. One hit can kill. Stay in cover and watch your six. Awesome! Wannabe Rambos are cannon fodder in this game, guaranteed. If you like realistic warfare game, this is for you. My most memorable game session so far; sneak through a large village, armed only with 9mm weapon and binoculars. Was not exactly walk in the park but at the end I was armed to the teeth, thanks to (less) friendly soldiers who kindly donated their gears to me ;)
game-hours: 344.2
review: Amazing Military simulator, all the console peasants are jealous their peasant machines can't run a game as good as Arma.
game-hours: 15.0
review: i like the way you shoot guns
game-hours: 604.0
review: Arma 3 is a very buggy game but overall it is the best FPS shooter there plus there is free mods released nearly every week for the game and they cost nothing
game-hours: 136.7
review: Like spending 20 minutes driving only to get enemy CAS'd from so far away you can't even hear it yet? 9/10 will continue to be CAS'd again.
game-hours: 702.3
review: Dear Bohemia you guys made a nice game, yes. The cons are easily noticable, starting witrh the beta ready engine, (we all know this but still love it) The fact that you're money farming people for helo's dlc's and seeing if it works. The fact you pander more for the life community side this time than the core fans. But hey, you take what you can get. It's still a good game if you can find a good unit to play with, and mods. Games legit worth is about $39,99 USD without the modding community. I recommend this if you are someone who has a vast majority of free time playing Army Barbie or just a kissless virgin who never touched a woman and spends it playing out a simulation of a real life. If you're a core fan. don't bother 90% of core servers are hosted on 4gb of RAM
game-hours: 675.9
review: Pretty, the mods are what is great. Vanilla game is trash. The DLC are terrible, do not reward them with your $$$ for go carts, a  chinook, and a rasberry beret. ing insulting.
game-hours: 86.6
review: It's pretty good. The setting and the pricing for the DLCs are a let down but other than that this game is fantastic.
game-hours: 6.8
review: Best game ever|!!!!
game-hours: 9.9
review: Such a good game. It appeals to simulation fans like myself even just for the kill
game-hours: 34.1
review: Best and only true military simulator.
game-hours: 450.5
review: This isnt a game it is a tool which epicness is born
game-hours: 2001.3
review: Best game you can ever have!
game-hours: 578.6
review: Greatest Military Sim ever :P
game-hours: 589.6
review: Best Game I've Probably Ever Played? I Would Really Reconmend This Game If You Got A Mate It's Brillant, It's Great Crack, Lot's Of Laughs Not Buggy And Fun To Play Even If Your Serious About It
game-hours: 950.3
review: An awesome game, lots of mods and missions coming out every day and just think, this game is still being developed with new things every day. 5 STARS!
game-hours: 33.9
review: good game, just too buggy, unoptimised, and overpriced
game-hours: 416.3
review: Amazing sand box game. Dont come here expecting fast/arcade action like Battlefield... this game is a marathon, not a sprint. Single player is still plenty fun, multi-player is classic arma... the campaign is a mix of unfair vs. too easy depending on your loadout and how many saves you allow yourself. Some modding is essential to get the best out of the game as well. If you like doing mission design, you'll have a blast with the tools provided, but they are almost completely undocumented, so its pretty hard core getting started.
game-hours: 163.8
review: Great game worth every penny.
game-hours: 199.2
review: One of the best shooters out there.
game-hours: 86.4
review: A massive improvement from arma 2 (especially the voice acting). But i find the main dissapointment is the lack of weapon diversity and choice unlike arma 2. Overall an amazing game well worth the price.
game-hours: 199.6
review: easily the best military simulation game out there, solid 10/10.
game-hours: 44.6
review: TOTALY worth the money there are many things u can do and even good things to do in single player i strongly recommend this game to people who like the realistic type of shooters
game-hours: 70.0
review: Amazingly fun, amazingly hard. This is for real, folks. Forget about running and gunning. Forget about killing soldiers who see you first. You're dead. Annoying? Yes. But so much fun, still! I love the feel to the game. The graphics are amazing, and it's incredibly immersive. Especially coupled with a good head tracking system like the TrackIR!
game-hours: 705.1
review: VERY GOOD YES
game-hours: 275.1
review: I really love this game exept it ing kills you when you shoulden't but the thing wich is the worst is the crashing, before i wrote this i was playing arma 3 raining hell down in my hellcat when BOOM! crash and then i felt like i just had to write this, and also since it can have alot of people and a big area it laggs but if you have a bad pc then your screwed but overall i love this game, it has tons of stuff avalable without DLC (but there are some DLC in it) you can do so much and arma finally put in being able to shoot from cars and helos. This game is very slow paced at times but when those amazing moments, like your heli crashes, your the only soldier left, you call evac then PEW PEW PEW! bullets start wizzing over your head,you hold out until the evac heli arrives, you get in then fly away, then missiles are coming for the heli, it counters it with stuff which comes out the helis buthole, then you hear this BOOOOM! you look behind you, you see the enemie being blown up into the air from your friendlies artillary strike. I would say if you don't like slow action paced gameplay which last for a long time this game is not for you, but if your willing to put up with that and love that simulation and stratergy while loving the awsome moments which can suddenly happen then this game is for you. 9/10
game-hours: 46.1
review: This is an Honest Review 1. This game is huge, and I mean 100+ players on a server. Too bad nobody can have fun since everyone gets 15 fps. 2. This game is terribly optimized, you will probably spend more time on google to search for "Arma 3 FPS fix" then actually playing the game. 3. Servers are empty, but if you are lucky to find a server in your country its probably gonna have a ping of 100+. 4. This game has a buttload of mods, its overwhelming. (Good and Bad) The mods for multiplayer have terrible FPS no matter what you do to it. Singleplayer mods are fine, but again your lucky to get an fps above 40+. 5. THE AI ARE ABSOLUTELY RUTHLESS. YOU WILL BE SHOT FROM 600m AWAY AT NIGHT IN PRONE. IT IS ATROCIOUS. You will need to download at least 3+ mods to fix the issue and still tweak the game. 6. Controls arent as bad as people say. 7. Public Multiplayer is insulting, almost everyone is yelling at each other or nobody is talking to each other. The most popular mode right now "King of the Hill" has unplayable lag and if you join the wrong team all you will do is get in a helicopter, fly for 3 minutes, get killed and respawn 4 km away. 8. You cant see anything ANYTHING at night. 9. You need a monster CPU to make this even remotely playable and enjoyable. 10. I cant even tell you how many times you will be tweaking the game. From .cfg to the Steam Launch settings, the mods, the Video settings (dont do crap). I suggest wait. Dont buy this game until all these BS issues are fixed, or if you cant wait that long at least buy when it is on sale. 6.5/10
game-hours: 38.5
review: chirp-tastic
game-hours: 1081.7
review: It's pretty good. Would buy again.
game-hours: 41.6
review: Do something wrong? Repeat after me, "gunshot gunshot gunshot I'M DEAD!" Do everything right but standing an inch too far to the left? Repear after me, "gunshot gunshot gunshot I'M DEAD!" Do everything right while sitting in the right place? Repeat after me, "Need ammo!" Do everything right while sitting in the right place and still have ammo? I don't know I never did that in the demo. but I'm going to get this game.
game-hours: 30.3
review: its grate game
game-hours: 274.6
review: One of THE BEST military simulation games to date. If you are into shooters I highly reccomend scooping this up!
game-hours: 389.4
review: Awesome game with amazing graphics and lots of different stuff you can do!
game-hours: 160.8
review: Great Gameplay, Great Graphics, Great Multiplayer, Great Community, Great Game.
game-hours: 113.5
review: awesome game
game-hours: 87.4
review: Great game especialy the mood Atlis life and Dayz lot of fun and realistic behavior on multiplay
game-hours: 269.5
review: PLAY IT!!!
game-hours: 690.7
review: great game, tons of mods to choose from so ur sure to find something u like, wether it's big battlefield style combat, or trying to run guns and drugs across the border, and of course zombies. great graphics, runs very well, nice and smooth, and brings a level of realism to shooters that is not seen elsewhere.
game-hours: 72.6
review: great game would recomend that anyone who is anything should buy this game.
game-hours: 17.5
review: Great game,but lack of aircraft kinda of sucks
game-hours: 30.8
review: i am very disappointed in arma 3. I was globally banned for not playing for 5 months and they found something "suspicious" in my game file for not playing.
game-hours: 603.3
review: The sequel to one of the greatest 3rd person war simulators of our time.. still alot of potential in terms of wasteland but an amazingly functional game to play with a large map and a small map.. dare to game with bohemia and you will not be dissappointed.
game-hours: 39.3
review: There is alot of talk about how the Souls games are some of the hardest games one can currently play. That is glossing over Arma, these games are hard. Overcoming thet challenges in any Arma game are the most rewarding expeience I have had in gaming. This game is not for everybody but if you want to see a large battle unfold around you, or create that battle in the mission editoy Arma 3 is a great platform for that. Oh and on a quick aside this game has a incredible lighting engine, the dark of night time without night vision is amazing.
game-hours: 640.6
review: this game is awesome
game-hours: 219.6
review: 113.0 on record......no regrets must buy
game-hours: 0.6
review: Great game, If your having doubts dont because the game is awesome
game-hours: 141.5
review: Hours of content, great mod support, not greatly optimized but still overall great game.
game-hours: 89.8
review: Would love this game... if it didn't crash so often on my little, cheap laptop.
game-hours: 152.1
review: Great game if you don't mind weird bugs.
game-hours: 130.1
review: Best game ever. For the best experience play multiplayer. 10/10  M8
game-hours: 27.6
review: Typical Arma game - great potential and terrible execution. the AI is either comically bad, or super god-like with laser bullets. squadmates don't do what you order them to, they have a mind of their own, and its quite pathetic. Random acts in the campaign make me shake with rage - I decided that I was not having fun 'playing' this 'game' and uninstalled. Its unfortunate, because there is so much potential there, but it's held back by terrible AI, questionable physics and horrendous mission designs in the single player campaigns.
game-hours: 239.2
review: Best game. DAN/DAN
game-hours: 88.3
review: Ok, I've been playing Arma since OFP and even though I have played only 3 hours It sucks. All the guys that love the Arma feel and look throw it all away cause this is one big clust F***. The visuals are way too much and I feel that they over shot what they were going for, don't get me wrong it's a cool looky looky but hells no. Not going to recommend this game to anyone.
game-hours: 44.3
review: pretty gud 8/8
game-hours: 805.5
review: A fantastic military sandbox with many addons & mods to experiment with. It has its fair share of cons and pros, the cons laying mostly with the multiplayer aspect of the game. If you intend to buy this game, I recommend upgrading your CPU as well as your GPU PC specs (if yours don't already meet recommended specs). While singleplayer is a graphical  and is fantastic to play on maxed out settings, multiplayer you'll find it the complete opposite. Multiplayer I found IS managable only if you can deal with the fact that you may have to play on low graphical settings. As a CPU intensive game for multiplayer, you'll have to deal with lower FPS and graphical settings if you intend to play on bigger servers. On smaller servers, higher FPS is attainable as well as higher graphics. If you can deal with this con that Arma3 bears in its mutiplayer system, then your time & money will be well spent on this game. Away from the cons and on to the pros, this game is the best military sandbox out there. With Arma3's many details and functions you can find yourself commanding a squadron of jet-fighters or leading a squad to capture a control point. The scenarios are limitless with Arma3's Steam Workshop integration. All in all I'd give this game a 9/10.
game-hours: 6.4
review: when you play multi-player most people do no get over 60 frames per second 20-40 fps is average i would suggest googling average fps arma 3 ETC. My pc easily meets the recommended game settings but after doing alot of research it seems like the game is not optimized and people are happy playing a game with low fps. I play alot of first person shooter and fps makes a big difference so be carefull buying this game as i regret it.
game-hours: 629.2
review: I'm loving it, and the mods make this game incredibly addicting and also gives it more replay value than any other game. Best game for multiplay on the PC in my opinion.
game-hours: 157.8
review: Hello Everyone, i just want to say one thing BUUY THIS GAME just no questions why just BUY THE GAME, i might have 90 hours on it but trust me you will have alot more then me once you buy it, and it's way more fun with friends. So heres why you should buy it if you dont Belive me then let me tell you why. Pros: 1. ALOT of people play the game so it wont be hard to find a server you like or someone to play with 2. so many things to do like Atlis life ( which is like living in ARMA III ) and Wastland and much much more 3. so many GUNS and VEHICLES Cons: 1. You might need a good desktop ( not a laptop unless it AMAZING ), also no matter what specs you have the game might not run full ultra 2. you need a good intel card so like a i5 but i recommend a i7 4790k anything below this you might have some problems cause arma runs fully on CPU and a little bit of GPU so i recommend a good GPU so you dont bottleneck you pc but overall this is a great game and enjoy :D
game-hours: 5.5
review: My rig could barely hold 20fps so i ran around in wasteland shot some people drove a guys car full of stuff off a cliff. 10/10 would run around again.
game-hours: 1248.7
review: If your computer can run it, buy it. It's a great game.
game-hours: 256.7
review: This game is a really fun game. It could use improvements like a better modding community but other than that everything about it is great. It takes a toll on your computer if you don't have a good one, but still I heavily recommend it.
game-hours: 770.9
review: Favorite game, I play this nonstop! Good work Bohemia!
game-hours: 7.4
review: Sadly i have to not recomend this one, so i got this game expecting hours of fun screwing around on servers, which didnt disapoint, however, that being said, it lacked in many areas. For one, the graphics had much to be desired, and animations clipped horrificly, no to mention the complexity of the controls. its not a bad game, but the graphics and such need to catch up to the content
game-hours: 3.0
review: verrrry nice game ilove it
game-hours: 57.4
review: Arma 3: The only Military FPS you Need Along with Arma 2. Lots of Mods Via Steam Work Shop and a Ever vast developement Team Updating and improving it. With Games like Altis Life which you can be a Criminal or Cop depending on what Server. Ride Go karts "DLC needed" Lots to do.
game-hours: 529.0
review: This game is awesome !!! Gameplay is so good. Play tactical !!
game-hours: 310.8
review: !      -      .       ,     .    - ,         !
game-hours: 244.5
review: This game is like my life. Its long, boring, nothing ever happens but I still for some reason can't end it.
game-hours: 2.2
review: drastically wicked grapics and gameplay. Very teamwork is required in this game which is in my point of view is advanture while I like the way of communication but this game worth is just 40-43 dollar's not 60 $ because its too much for this game.
game-hours: 81.5
review: This is the best arma game by far. The Altis life servers are amazing
game-hours: 1042.6
review: So good never gonna be better Buy it
game-hours: 730.3
review: amazing game 10/10 very realistic stunning graphics and amazing gameplay from playing a mod to koth
game-hours: 142.9
review: Me likey. :)
game-hours: 14.5
review: SO REALISTIC I GOT PTSD
game-hours: 556.3
review: 5 stars Alpha!!!
game-hours: 107.3
review: The new Features are nice and makes the expiriance better BUT The Game still feel`s like ArmA2 for example walking aroun still feals like if you are not shure if you whant to move(not fluid). The vehicule Physics are still way bad, still feels like a millitary light transport is made out of glass and you also still fall trough staires. Whit the really over price dlc that does not fix anything and makes you pay for 2 heli and a arma 2 mod that was better when it was a mod, I recomend This game but only durring the GLORIUS STEAM SELLS
game-hours: 123.3
review: I think the game is alot of fun couse of there being so many mods and that makes it a large amount of different styles of the game and that makes the game worth buying in my opinion. There just comes out more and more type of mods for the game, some of them are good and some of them are not as good. The mods i like the most is the rp/life mods. The game looks good in my opnion and its worth buying if u like a game were there is alot of different things to do in it.
game-hours: 80.4
review: decent graphics, just need to improve AI and vehicle collision/ damage
game-hours: 12.6
review: A more clumsy game is going to hard to find.
game-hours: 251.4
review: :)
game-hours: 27.3
review: This game is a true test of skill. Fun to play with friends. Team work is a must!
game-hours: 443.6
review: Great game to play with your buddies!
game-hours: 90.3
review: i love the mulitplayer you will have a blast trust me Bros..
game-hours: 59.5
review: Man Shooter III: Explode Man
game-hours: 321.5
review: Best game n/a
game-hours: 335.3
review: After a hundred hours of gametime i still discover more feutures... truly an amazing game. Not recomended for immature people because you will be hated on. If you sound like a kid it will take alot of time for your squad mates to trust you
game-hours: 59.2
review: As I love to see games that have the great feeling of realism, this game bring's me the most joy. It has some great weapon physics, hit-boxes, ragdoll and all the other types of mechanic's. The mods to Arma 3 are great like altis life, breaking point, battle royale and others. Like I said, this game is really nice if you like simulators of this kind, and if you don't, go back to Call of Duty ;) <3 ~SadGuy
game-hours: 97.7
review: can you do more free wekends of free weeks please i love this game but dont have that much money to get it so could you do some more free wekends or weeks i really enjoyed them and may consider buying it one day
game-hours: 76.7
review: ARMA 3 had a horrible release, it took about a year just to make it somewhat decent, still not a great game. ARMA 2 is still far better in my opinion.
game-hours: 53.9
review: This game, I love it! A few friends of mine and I have been playing this more recently and it the most fun I have had in a long time compared to other games. Should you get this? HELL YES!
game-hours: 274.3
review: Love it.... also has great mods
game-hours: 415.9
review: Great Game, if your looking for a slow passed Simulator that will give you fun experince, this is it.
game-hours: 50.1
review: good
game-hours: 169.7
review: The developers have an IQ 100, but it takes 2 not to make such an amazing game! Guards, play this game immediately or FEEL MY WRATH! If Grodd played this, you always will! Guards, I do not require your immediate assisstance with this game!
game-hours: 114.8
review: This game is the most amazing, frustrating, and addicting game that i think i've ever played. I'm really not even crazy about fps. The thing is, this can hardly even be called a fps. I am new to the Arma series, and haven't owned Arma 3 for more than 2 weeks at the time of this review. What made me want to even write a review is the fact that this game is so damn hard, and realism is such a priority, that when you succeed the feeling of accomplishment is completely real. When you get in a serious fire fight you will feel hints of addrenaline. If you're not afraid of hardcore, unforgiving, ultra realistic combat, then do not pass this up!!!
game-hours: 25.4
review: it dosent let me play i when i get on it says no entry?
game-hours: 0.7
review: This Game Is Epic !!!!!!!
game-hours: 6.7
review: Game looks amazing, feels realistic but there in is the problem, the game is not fun when it becomes so frustrating because the game has been over complicated to be fun, it's a shame could of been a perfect game.
game-hours: 1067.0
review: Awesome game Really nice graphics Massive maps are awesome too Also you should buy it
game-hours: 16.2
review: great game recommended to play :]
game-hours: 16.7
review: Got shot. Dead. Load save. Got shot. Dead. Load save. Rinse and repease. 11/10 would recommend
game-hours: 459.3
review: first time i had ever played arma but instantly i loved the game and its interface brilliant game and lots to do its the best game for a reasonable amount of money.
game-hours: 53.4
review: Jesus, this game. If you have a nice computer with decent specs, you will enjoy this game greatly, for its many aspects. But, if you do not have a computer with decent specs, you'll be stuck with 6-15 frames and will literally be crashing your precious car into walls. One thing I absolutely hate about this game is that vehicles ing EXPLODE at the slightest tap of a wire fence. And the wire fences are pretty ing hard to see. Anyways. This is another great Arma series game, but if you want to play DayZ, just get Standalone, please. Have fun, Soldiers!
game-hours: 0.8
review: oooooo
game-hours: 39.3
review: Better than CoD. May strain your computer, your memory (realizm demands many keyboard shortcuts), and your eyesight ("is that a rock or is that a sniper trying to line up a shot at my head?"). Longer multiplayer matches than Battlefield (lets retake the entire island with our 30 man team against an actual army). Fantastic Steam Workshop content in the form of car races, single- and multi-player campaigns, and shooting ranges. 9/10.
game-hours: 705.0
review: Hey, such an amazing game I really love almost 99.9% of the things in it and especially the way this game allows you to download modified data from 3rd parties and apply it to the game which is the best thing ever. One thing though, when the Game Spy program used to exist on the multiplayer server engines I used to be able to create a server of my own without any lags, now I can't, well I could but not anymore, I was told to open a port for the game but, the problem is that, everytime I open up a server, pick the port and put up the number of the maximum joining players with the name and hit okay, the game freezes and I'd have to use the task manager to shut it down and re-start it, I'd apprecciate a little bit of help or, at least a solution for such problem in the upcoming patches. Thank you Bohemia Intractive, you lads rock!
game-hours: 85.4
review: The best war simulation game out there. You can do pretty much anything. The numerous mods and user created contect only make the game even better.
game-hours: 152.8
review: the best f#cking game ever d-_-b
game-hours: 46.0
review: Objective Completed: Get good Objective Failed: Fly a drone
game-hours: 474.5
review: This is a good buy but be warned it is not like ArmA 2 and does not have as much content. The devs have almost seem to let the modding comuunity to take over the content. Also here is a list of bad: 1) ArmA 3 is not optimized for AMD players in multiplayer. I can turn my graphics from low to high and still get 25 fps on all of them when i play multiplayer. My friends who actaully has a GTX card can only get 30-35 fps, but switch it over to the campaign or editor mode and fill it with crap I can run 40-60 on standard both maps. 2) Go mess around in ArmA 2 then go to ArmA 3 there is so little content available in ArmA 3. I mean you had ever type of weapon on a humvee from a m249lmg to a TOW laucher and so did the other light vehicles. The weapons there was at least 30 base weapons giving awesome customization. vs what 5 or 6 that really the only wirthwhile thing that can change is the sights. 3) No bipods great mill sim there (Dayz has a bipod) 4) The inentory system is a bit wonky to me but maybe that is just me. 5) Steep learning curve 6) AI will kill you with one shot from a 9mm pistol when they are on the otherside of the town. 7) AI can take 3-6 bullets from your standard issued MX rifle that shoots a 6.2mm (Battle rifle basically) 8) Vehicle warfare is boring since even the tanks can't take but one rocket before they are critically damaged (And most launchers lock onand you can not block the lock)
game-hours: 29.6
review: This is a bad game because of people have that white-list and you can not be a police man on atlis life, medic this is also pots me and my friends off this game and it is also not a fun game with other people and friend because of the spown sports.
game-hours: 3.2
review: it is so cool
game-hours: 40.2
review: This game reall suprised me I plan to buy it soon and get the Breaking point mod for it.
game-hours: 19.3
review: BEST
game-hours: 238.6
review: Now that DayZ is out I'd say its not worth buying this, it was pretty fun for awhile though.
game-hours: 150.8
review: If you enjoy military simulators or survival games, this is the game to get, the modding for it is slowly picking up and will only make the game better as the years go on.
game-hours: 137.3
review: This game right here made me pregnant, and I am a guy.
game-hours: 179.7
review: Fun F/TPS that can be either serious or more arcade-like depending on your playstyle.
game-hours: 345.6
review: get the game, it is awesome!!
game-hours: 20.7
review: Great Game love the continued development of it also!
game-hours: 89.2
review: Great game! Nice graphics and much better fps than Arma2.
game-hours: 72.1
review: :    ,  .. ..  !
game-hours: 736.1
review: very good game and sequel to arma 2. multiplayer is quite fun but also quite difficult for some newbies out there to online shooters. but to the more experienced hand this game is a must have. 10/10
game-hours: 109.9
review: Fantastic upgrade from Arma 2, new lighting, animations and environment to name a few of the updated features make the game a dream. Very fluid and vibrant, takes you into a futuristic war set however with the amount of modifcations available time-frame and setting varies. Amazing level of access to scripting allows anyone to modify missions and the game in general to a tailored state.
game-hours: 2.6
review: IT WAS REALLY FUN TO PLAY :)
game-hours: 0.8
review: its ok
game-hours: 225.9
review: best army simulator ever
game-hours: 485.1
review: i can not play arma 3 it says error code
game-hours: 367.2
review: Might be one of the greatest games ever.
game-hours: 108.5
review: best military simulator 2014/2015 100/100
game-hours: 130.8
review: Ein Guter nachfolger von Arma 2
game-hours: 241.8
review: Great Role playing game i have been addicted to this game ever since i got it :D Kill everyone in kavala AND REBEL MY PEOPLE!
game-hours: 27.1
review: hu
game-hours: 100.7
review: A grate milatery simulator i defantly recormend this game. (could try and put mods on steam like dayz on arma 2)
game-hours: 70.3
review: Amazing MilSim
game-hours: 0.8
review: I love it it has real life senario enjoy playing.
game-hours: 7.4
review: Spend all your time walking and talking big, get blown up by artillery strike. Learning curve to this game simply because it is a War simulator not a run and gun FPS.
game-hours: 14.5
review: SO BALLLER
game-hours: 51.5
review: Awesome War Simulator with some great detail! I love it, even tho I only played it since a week ago. The most things are awesome. most things I still know from the awesome game Arma II Operation Arrow head where in this. The controls were changed a bit in Helicopter controls but nothing major. If you like a nice War simulator (Not call of duty or Battlefield) You should look into Arma II or Arma III. These games are awesomely made! 8 out of 8, m8!
game-hours: 213.6
review: The best military sim game to date. Nothing compares to the realism and strategy this game offers. With all the great single player games in the steam workshop you don't have to join an online clan to enjoy this game, although it really shines as a multiplayer. Expect a fairly steep learning curve when coming from other shooters, especially when getting into mission building and mods. Once you get used to this game you will wish you had it's freedom in other games.
game-hours: 72.8
review: Great game. Not like anyother games I've played. Its a really good team playing game. So many different aspects to enjoy. Its a serious game but has relaxed game modes in it.
game-hours: 54.6
review: Yes, if your familiar to the previous games. But as a beginner..... it can be a litttle challenging.
game-hours: 27.1
review: This game is really fun, and has so much mods you can play. I really reccommend this game. But there is one down part to it... IT'S ADDICTING!
game-hours: 49.6
review: LOVE IT OMG
game-hours: 8.7
review: Please be aware, this game does not work for many people. If you dont believe me please read teh forums about this ame. Many people have this issue and no one has an answer/or is willing to help. I cant even get my $49.99 back.
game-hours: 310.9
review: a great game when it isn't buggy as heck
game-hours: 95.3
review: Best game!!!! It's got a lot fo improvement in it that than Arma 2. But the main problem happens when u need to play battle royal the servers are always locked.
game-hours: 332.1
review: good game :)
game-hours: 734.0
review: Brilliant game! If you have friends to plau with and a powerful pc pick this game up
game-hours: 174.3
review: This game is super awsome and u will guarenteed get the best expeirience not only with the game itself but the mods to
game-hours: 65.2
review: Git good, this is for pros.
game-hours: 1069.8
review: What is real life anymore? I only know Altis..
game-hours: 533.0
review: Such a fun game to play! Wasteland and Altis life are so fun! grab some friend and play multiplayer, But however, the campaign is fun and entertianing. Graphis are solid, the houses are abit empty, but it covers up by vast towns and forests, and military bases 10/10 Fun realistic military sim for serious mil sim players
game-hours: 0.6
review: gr8 m8 9/10 still not as good as ArmA2
game-hours: 256.4
review: soo... i buy the Beta at 59.99 but the game is now 35.99... i dont get this...
game-hours: 198.9
review: Great game even though it still has some issues on Altis but i definetly recommend it, it's worth every penny
game-hours: 21.1
review: you can do a barrel roll. all by yourself
game-hours: 162.1
review: AWESOME
game-hours: 37.1
review: Sweet Game!
game-hours: 221.0
review: I hated this game at first, I was not a big fan of Arma it was so overwhelming. I finally sat down to give it a good ty and I have to say this gaem looks awesome and plays awesome. Buy it.
game-hours: 65.2
review: Okay this game is AMAZING and pretty as Crysis, if not, more pretty, the detail put into this game is beond imagination, it's fantastic, and the game is really good, but it is a Miltary Sim, and not like Battlefeild, its pretty much one bullet in the right spot and you're done, so you have to be patent, and to conlude this review Im going to tell you the ONLY ture con of this game, this game REQUIRES a gaming setup, it is VERY CPU heavy I suggest having an i7, and a good one at that, the GPU is pretty standerd requirments on this game but have a good CPU, and this game is very fun
game-hours: 55.3
review: The best War simulator game that i have ever seen, Arma 3 is a simulator game that has series and DLC's all around this game. I recommend buying this game when you have played the "Arma" Series. Arma 3 has a mod that is comming out that is called DAY Z Where players have to survive in a world full of zombies and bandits. You can find loot, fight zombies, Find Vehicles and mostly. Fighting Bandits. You can trust anyone, but they cant trust you... - Stevenisadork
game-hours: 20.6
review: Very good
game-hours: 108.6
review: Instant
game-hours: 39.4
review: This game is great realistic, simulated military game a picture is very good. But this game to use a high degree of difficulty, I was a China game player, like playing the game, people can communicate together. I QQ:572262378
game-hours: 649.9
review: This is not COD - IGN 2013 3/10 Awesome game - Me 2014 9/10
game-hours: 1729.8
review: Let the game BEGIN
game-hours: 201.1
review: The one of the best game EVER 4EVER!!!!!
game-hours: 56.6
review: excellent! just excellent!
game-hours: 162.6
review: Very good wish i had it played it for free and it is amazing
game-hours: 170.0
review: brilliant game Lovely guns but needs physics update for vehicles
game-hours: 139.0
review: A difficult game with a bit of a learning curve with all the controls. Fun, but multiplayer can be a pain in the  on the RPG servers. To many kids and people who don't care/can't speak english. Sort of disapointed where my money was spent yet again. Feeling disapointed with FPS's as of recently.
game-hours: 20.8
review: This game is pretty good but on every server i've been they have FPS issues and alot of laggs. Also the combat kind of sucks, like if you are hurt you cant aim anymore.. like wtf ?
game-hours: 221.4
review: this game is truly awesome 1 trillon/10 :) definatly buy it
game-hours: 799.1
review: I stoped playing other games like battlefield,cod ect after i started playing arma 3 best game real war game , what i really dont like in this game low fps on most of the servers more then 40 players on very high setting. its drop my fps even if u have very powerfull pc.... u wont able to get more then 25 to 30 fps on very high settings on multiplay server more then 4o player My system spics are processor i5 4670 (cooler master seidon 120 v) graphics gtx 660 4GB ram 500 GB 750watts power supply. i hope bohemia interactive will sort out this issue ...
game-hours: 843.5
review: This is an infantry simulator. I have found nothing else that comes close to it. There are aircraft, seacraft, vehicles, and armor, but those are mostly there to support the infantry. So don't expect a flight simulator. This game focuses on fireteam and squad tactics, and to a very small degree, if you want to take it that far, strategy. There are times when you might play as a lone wolf, but as an infantryman you are just another cog in the machine, another pawn on the chessboard. You might not make it very far by yourself. Especially if you're just running ahead based on luck, instead of using sound strategy and tactics.
game-hours: 8.1
review: one of the best games u will play
game-hours: 14.9
review: Great Game, it has amazing greats, brilliant realism, awesome playability.... problem though.... the community. As with any online game there are always people there to cuss or spam music and with no RAP or vote procedure to kick such people off you are forced to join another server. It seems there will never be a screening process to keep scumbag trolls away from team based online games such as ARMA 3. All in all... good buy and I recommend it to anyone wanting an indepth war simulation.
game-hours: 0.7
review: Arma 3 is a great game all by iteslf but add in mods such as The Day Z and Altis Life and this game is serious bang for your buck.
game-hours: 0.9
review: DO NOT BUY! I wasted 35.99 on this and I do not wish others to make the same mistake. There's no excuse for this game to be as poorly optimised as it is, perhaps because it's made by a company in the Czech Republica which is the heart of poverty driven Eastern Europe, This is a not a console port it's a PC exclusive so there's no reason for it to be so badly optimised, I'm so angry now but those creepy Eastern Europeans have my money so that's all they care about it. The reason I'm so angry about this because I have a fairly decent PC my specs GPU:AMD R9 270 CPU:AMD A8 5600K RAM:16GB It goes down to 10-20 FPS on Ultra and 10-20 FPS on Low. I only originally had it on Ultra because It recomended it on the configuration, I played the tutorial and the FPS was fine, when I played the first single player mission that's when the problems started, I feel so revolted at this diabolical excuse of a game. There's so reason the FPS should be this low if I run the new Alien Isolation game on Ultra with 60 FPS. This is ridiculous and I'm fumin, I want them to fix my game or give me my money back.
game-hours: 1636.0
review: Best game Ever!!!
game-hours: 1445.7
review: must have simulation game
game-hours: 13.2
review: this game is good
game-hours: 68.2
review: amazing game i have been wanting for a while and well worth the money for arma 3 alone never mind the countless mods that make the game amazing!!!!!
game-hours: 140.7
review: farkin awesome!
game-hours: 465.2
review: Want a game where you can do practically anything? A military simulator that can also turn into a horror experience, GTA-style free-world multiplayer maps, or Zombie post-apocalyptic wasteland. Recommended for single-player and multi-player fun, casual and hardcore style of play.
game-hours: 27.9
review: Ray Charles would be better than me.
game-hours: 237.0
review: not recommended because they have destroyed the whole feeling about it... it's a ing police simulator -.- it's supose to be a military strategy game -.- why the  make a police sim of arma 3 when you can buy a own police sim -.- disepointet... badly disepointet... i recommend bohemia interactive to make the game how it supose to be played.. with real military RPG servers not a focking ploice RPG server -.- BADELY DISEPOINTED !!!!
game-hours: 332.8
review: The Gam e is great i really loved it.
game-hours: 62.2
review: My opinion about this game is that its bugged and people just CAMP worse than the camping in COD and BF I truly regret buying this game and I only bought it cause my friends say its great rubbish this game is no where near worth $60
game-hours: 251.3
review: Great Military sim. This does not play out like a "run-and-gun" game like BF4. This is a tactical shooter and you have to take movement slow and methodical. AI is extremely efficient at killing you, so you cant go in guns-blazing. It has about 5 different character classes to choose from, as well as rarely used vehicles. Each class has their own abilites and weaponry. I would not recommend this game to anyone except those who have a high end CPU and video card because this game's graphics and netcode are very poorly optimized, causing even the best computers to run at low FPS. I have an I7-4790K overclock 4.4GHZ CPU, 16 Gig ram, and GTX780's in SLI and i get from 30-50 FPS in multiplayer. most ppl get below 30.
game-hours: 90.5
review: Probably the best game for serious players who can work together to accomplish the mission.
game-hours: 182.0
review: This game is one of the best games I have ever played. To the MP to SP to the editor this game is awesome. not to metoin its beutiful scenery. ive put 170 hours to this game and im not planning to stop!
game-hours: 1402.1
review: Less dangerous than the army but you're still subject to PTSD.
game-hours: 232.1
review: Amazing
game-hours: 76.1
review: yea if you are a guy who plays call of duty or some games then this game is not for you becuse it is tacktickal and you die wery fast but when you learn the controls and the game then... it fun and i recomend it for the person who can toloreit death and to colect your stuff and check out my channel pls
game-hours: 5.5
review: i bought this game and even till now i dont know how to use it idk wut i will do in multiplayer idk how to put things in inventory and how to respawn in a server "last time i joined a server it was horriable it says you are dead wait a medic or wait to respawn ... then i waited and waited 15 min nothhing happens wtf ... why dont hey put a simple game that you can understand like bf4 cod ghosts or GTA 5 ...
game-hours: 328.2
review: A very good and realistic game, not for players who just like to shoot alot and kill the most people, this is for people who think strategic and have te patience to wait if necesairy. Keep up th good work Bohemia!!!
game-hours: 28.7
review: !        1                ""       ""          !
game-hours: 68.5
review: So, I built my PC specifically to play DayZ and such games. Then Arma 3 was released and I shy'd away from the zombie series and into full on warfare instead. After coming from the COD franchise and the Battlefield games, I was scepticle that I could be any good playing warfare on such a massive scale, let alone on PC. I got cracking and found that this game was actually very very well built. The graphics are smooth and crisp (Depending on your setup) the gameplay is solid and immrsive and you quickly get sucked in to the firefights and stuff. Campaign I found was a little left out, it felt like the game was centred as much around the multiplayer aspect as possible (I was used to that from playing COD) Overall it's an awesome game, would recommend just for the multiplayer part.
game-hours: 100.6
review: The latest and greatest addition to the Arma Franchise. This game is the best tactically paced game on the market. You could play vanilla and screw around with friends. Or you could go for a fully modded experience. You have many options, you could run a massive drug cartel in Arma III life, Shoot your way to the top in Battle Royale, Fight dinosaurs in the new Jurassic Park mod, Or witness the end of the world in many ways, from Overpoch, to Epoch, to Doomsday. Find your gamemode and your sure to have a good time.
game-hours: 40.9
review: Rode a bunny over with a tank, then I was launched to space 10/10 would fly again
game-hours: 180.7
review: This game.... Is... can't even say how amazing it is!
game-hours: 12.1
review: awesome game for the mentally  seal
game-hours: 534.4
review: Very good game. Alot of different gamemodes. And not everyone is mean,
game-hours: 58.5
review: GREAT GAME
game-hours: 10.1
review: I was wondering if someone could help me , I can run the game fine between in the game all the buttons work but what ever I have the moving setup to be , so its normally w,a,s,d but I push the button and it doesn't move , does any know how to solve this ?
game-hours: 731.8
review: i really enjoy the game
game-hours: 1.7
review: This game is very broken, and the controls are horrible. Just like arma 2. Therefore, it's amazing
game-hours: 42.1
review: unrealistic. Walked up behind someone unloaded an entire clip of an M4 into them. 25 yards away with them not seeing me or even knowing im in the bush behind him. He turns around and one shot me with a makarov? Just very unrealistic on the things that should be real and the things that doesnt matter they focus on.
game-hours: 199.2
review: So much more for your dollar compared to the big gaming system games. Endless gaming options with tons of mini games inside the game popping up all the time. I highly recommend this game to almost everyone, seems to have something to offer for all types (not just first person shooters). Gather your friends and dont expect to leave your computer for quite awhile. The only thing i would suggest is getting all the altis life servers updated with vehicles, jobs and weapons.
game-hours: 28.9
review: you think this is a tactical 1st person/3rd person military simulator but actually its a running simulator, where you spend 90% of the time sprinting while looking for enemies, 5% of the time in a vehicle that you managed to find, 4% of the time shooting at black dots 300m away you assume are people, and 1% of the time actually killing a person i'm exaggerating of course, but still you spend A LOT of time running in the middle of nowhere
game-hours: 136.8
review: The most unrealisitic realistic simulation game ever.
game-hours: 581.2
review: Number 2 on my Top 5 games !
game-hours: 1006.7
review: So far, so good! ARMA III Alpha has added many improvements over ARMA II. The new animation/stances will improve Close Quarters Combat as well as improve weapon stability for the more often, and realistic, long range combat (Between 300 - 800 meters) Scuba diving is a great introduction to the series if you're into Stealth and Special Ops like myself and other Reckoning Gaming member [RG] Lynch - I'm a spotter, he's a devoted sniper in this game series and the improvements in the sniper update seem to be endless. Now theoretically we can infiltrate behind enemy lines in a multiplayer mission by starting out with Scuba gear, drop it and throw on a ghillie suit, find the enemy HQ and call in our teammates to help with an assault - Something we couldn't even dream of doing to such a degree in ARMA II Optimization is being improved with each update - A good processor is still a neccesity to run this game though so make sure your computer is capable to handle it. If your a simulation fan and want to experience war, without the risk of being shot or having to go through rigorous boot camp, Give ARMA a try. It's a patience game, not filled with excitement and explosions but filled with realistic moments that seem to feel 20 times more 'epic' or exciting than the normal CoD or BF atmosphere. If I had to rate ARMA III's performance throughout Alpha it would be a solid 8/10. And that's just through Alpha phase.
game-hours: 819.3
review: F**king Amazing so much fun lots of diffrent modes and things to do
game-hours: 18.1
review: great game! but the problem is that it is too expensive. make it cost less and peoples will have more fun playing it with there friends, because right now ARMA 3 is forgotten cuz of day z. this game is without doubt the greatest war-sim ever, but yet it is way too expensive.
game-hours: 100.0
review: I'm a new commer to Arma. Bought the alpha back in March I think. Its not an easy game to learn but it delivers some incrediblly satisfying moments if your patient to wait and play the game the way it was ment to be played. The graphics are really really good. Can play on high settings with my GTX 570. The steam workshop missions are awesome, some are as simple as a simple rescue mission or a destroying a convoy all the way up to being in charge of over 100 soilders, helicopters, drones, and tanks taking over 3-4 towns down a highway to the main airfield on Altis. This game is awesome.
game-hours: 141.5
review: A very good game!
game-hours: 9.0
review: Quite possibly the most in depth shooter i've ever played, even in Alpha stage it still blows me away. The graphics are insane, the guns feel realistic, the movement system is revolutionary, and its just too much fun.
game-hours: 119.4
review: Yep.
game-hours: 285.3
review: If you like military simulation this game is definitely for you. Although it's just an Alpha it's already much better than any other ArmA title was on launch day.
game-hours: 46.1
review: The best authentic military sim available. Graphics are amazing, high attention to detail for such a huge open world. This game, like the Arma's before it is virtually endless with all the user created mods and missions. If you are a military fan, with realism higher than kill count, then this is the game for you. THe devs are some of the most involved in the business. There are glitches and bugs, but for the scope of the game, it is understandable, but they never stop fixing and adding to the game. Watch a few videos of the gameplay and you get the feel for how intense it can be.
game-hours: 8.3
review: Great game, can't wait for the finished game!
game-hours: 61.4
review: This Game is the BEES KNEES
game-hours: 228.7
review: Arma3... enogh sayed.. If u dont have it get it, If u dont want it get it, If u dont have the money 2 get it save up and get it, If u played Arma 2 and enjoyed it, delete it and get Arma3...
game-hours: 5.7
review: a true military gg
game-hours: 147.9
review: very good game
game-hours: 43.8
review: For those who have played ArmA series, are passionate with military sims or are enjoying the lengthy(but worthwhile) process of winning, this is the game I'd recommend. Although flight is not as good as the DCS, ArmA is a well-made simulator(that's right, it is not an ARCADE GAME)that simulates all sorts of experiences soldiers do during their line of duty. Even if you don't mind your incompetent AI partners/subordinates, SP can be daunting; AI foes are definitely, even ridiculously, smart so you can be shot dead even if you make every precautions to prevent.(Too bad our partners are not as smart). Every variables must be accounted for executing a simple task. For those who just wanna play this game in a casual way, I'd REALLY like to remind you this: You cannot be Rambo, Master Chief, or COD's protagonist or whatsoever to be winners, in ArmA. You are much more vulnerable than any of those mentioned heroes. You are in a virtual battlefield, you cannot beat foes unless they are really incompetent, un-coordinated bunches. Regardlessly, for those who really want to experience what being a soldier feels like, I'd recommend this game. Life is never easy, neither is this game.
game-hours: 487.1
review: I had a lot of fun playing it with my friends, looking forward for arma IV ;)
game-hours: 221.5
review: 10/10 would get blown up by a UAV again.
game-hours: 4.7
review: /shit
game-hours: 110.9
review: good
game-hours: 1058.9
review: This game started off looking very promising. I've played countless hours following the evolution of this game, from Operation Flashpoint -> Resistance -> Arma 1 -> Arma 2 -> Flashpoint 2 Dragon Rising -> Arma 3 ...and here's my beef with Arma 3... 1. Operation Flashpoint was great, but the expansion pack Resistance made it even better. 2. Arma 1 was the Bomb, and included Warfare missions, you could play coop, against the AI, that was fun 3. Arma 2 was good, not the bomb, had a few physic's issues, but still it was ok 4. Dragon Rising was a big let down, wish I had my money back, if your an Arma 1 veteran then you know why Arma 3 5. Arma 3 started out good, but so many things went wrong, gradually, with mulitplayer hacking, etc, and Bohemian trying to make the game as realistic as possible, no Warfare mission, unless you want to use the ported versions from Arma 1, and 2, the AI were as bout as smart as paper plates, and still walking through walls to shoot you from behind. Never did fix that from the previous games, but that's not the main reason it sucked so bad... Con's 1. Same bugs not fixed in previous games that countless people complained about 2. They have evolved Arma 3 into a Realism MilSim. With the incorporation of the new fatigue system, absurd recoil, with the enemy AI can kill you with a pistol, just a milsim charlie foxtrot, if i wanted realistic, I'd play America's Army. 3. The DLC totally bites, come on, Karts? Zeus? Did someone important die at Bohemian, cause who ever took over, is really taking a good game and trashing it. I can't even play this game anymore, so if your like me, and want to have fun without all the realism crap, try Arma 1, or Arma 2, but I won't recommend Arma 3 to anyone. Pro's 1. Uninstalls a heck of a lot faster than it takes to install it!
game-hours: 656.3
review: best role playing game i have ever played in my life, asylum server i would suggest to play on if you want to role-play , 5 out of 5
game-hours: 96.6
review: Best military Simulator ever
game-hours: 2426.6
review: Bohimia does it right! Arma 3 is the perfect blend between RTS, FPS, and RPG. The gameplay shifts beautifly creating an enjoyable mix from intence firefights and quick re-tasking to constant engagement and wars of atrittion, or from the artilary computer to the rounds supporting forces in the AO. It is different from other shooters because of the interplayer dependence; for example, you have finished the objective, but your squad is pinned down in a building and you have extract on the way; it is up to your squad to supress the enemy and smoke around the LZ for the extract team, and it is up to the extract team to get to the AO while evading enemy fire, land, and extract the forces safely. Also, because of the editor, you have senerios in which a commander can be producing AI units and squads, like in an RTS, while player squads attack specific objectives at the same time. All in all, this is a great game.
game-hours: 17.9
review: Ran into a teammate pilot yesterday who was jamming Creedence Clearwater Revival through his mic while flying his helicopter. Gave it that sort of feeling that you get from watching Vietnam movies when he landed us in a hot zone. 11/10
game-hours: 485.4
review: I'm not into the futuristic crap they brought into this franchise. Luckily the ArmA community have some awesome mods - check out armaholic
game-hours: 17.7
review: Arma 3 is and will be the most real life battles.Nothing says real like getting caught between friendlies and combatants at the same time.Bullets fly as bodies fall.Love it and only wish for more.
game-hours: 6.1
review: to much money
game-hours: 63.8
review: Cooles Game. Very realistic.
game-hours: 340.1
review: A really great and realistic game but do NOT buy this game if you are not patient because you will have to wait alot of time for a enemy to shoot or to get a chopper, car etc. sometimes.
game-hours: 123.0
review: Not sure about the base game but mods like Battle Royale make this game very fun!
game-hours: 181.5
review: this review is from someone new to the Arma series and military simulators. The most enjoyment I have found from this game has to be the scenario editor. If you enjoy map editing and/or scenario editing I would highly recommend this game. Also the multiplayer is quite enjoyable if you find a good team or good scenario. The game is graphically gorgeous. Has some of the best lighting effects I've seen since Metro. On the downside. Your character fatigue is ridiculous. For being a simulator you will immediately die if shot. But on the other hand you have to shoot the AI several times before they will. The game can be very complicated at times if you're not familiar with this like myself. All in all it's a very good game if you're willing to put the time and effort to learn everything.
game-hours: 4.6
review: this game is impossible
game-hours: 448.6
review: It's only in Alpha and it still walks, fly's, drive's and dive's all over all the tunnel shooters! A real improvement over Arma 2 which i loved for all it's faults. Get it, try it now!
game-hours: 2262.0
review: Ace. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 1077.4
review: I think its a very good game but in terms of its reality, it's WAY TO HIGHTECH. In terms of gamepley , just like Arma II you can control and even establish the control from that game into Arma III. However in terms of COMBAT STRATEGIES AND TACTICS from the real world, the methods can be applied and if used correctly really successfull. Just like MurrayL, I myself am a veteran BUT I would choose Arma any time over bloody COD, BF & any other FPS games LOL!
game-hours: 218.6
review: lots of fun with friends
game-hours: 1216.9
review: Kp fr fan
game-hours: 68.4
review: A bloody beautiful game!
game-hours: 53.6
review: This game is fun, looks great, and is just straigh up awesome. Pros: Graphics New vehicles New Weapons Sounds gameplay Large Maps ability to customize your weapon's attachments Ways to store more gear other than a backpack. Ability to move fast while prone/ do other things while prone (Inventory, heal yourself etc.) Cons: It may seems like it is laking content, but there are a lot of things to do Not as big of a population in players that there was in Arma 2 The NPC's dont seem to notice you as often so you can really just shoot them a lot w/out being shot at unless you're really close. This game still has more to come and I would recommend it.
game-hours: 26.1
review: Needs more crashing.
game-hours: 372.9
review: If you expect a Call of Duty like game play you ain't gonna kill for at least 25 play hours.... If you want to be challenged really hard, then buy this game. and if you're that person who throw controllers all around the room in anger when playing..... Do not buy this game, you'll probably end up hanging you and your whole family.
game-hours: 69.6
review: 5/5 nautin tst -IGN
game-hours: 36.7
review: Could have been better.... One of the best looking engine out right now, but unfortunatly suffers from performance issues even on high end PCs. Probably most realistic military simulator out. But I think I can say its nothing compared to the original Operation Flashpoint from Bohemia. That was one of the best games ever including its expansion Red Hammer where your a spetznas. Overall, would give it a much better rating if it didnt run like a turtle.
game-hours: 227.8
review: Top graphics, Full mission editor, variety of multiplayer game types, loads and loads of mods and user content, and a fricken huge map. Nothing more to say really but ITS AWESOME :)
game-hours: 134.3
review: nice
game-hours: 56.1
review: So incredible good.
game-hours: 45.2
review: I've been playing the series all the way back from its OFP (Operation Flashpoint) days, a bit over 12 years ago! What makes this game such a unique experience is its community, always creating new content for it. There's never a dull moment in Arma!
game-hours: 545.6
review: 8 out of 10
game-hours: 241.6
review: I love this game, most of the time anyway, sometime I think what the  is wrong with this  but it's still an amazing game.This is the first arma game I've owned, I played the F2P for a little bit a few years ago but that's about it.
game-hours: 71.4
review: Prefer buy the game again than buy the dlc's
game-hours: 173.7
review: I R8 IT 8/8 ITS GR8 M8
game-hours: 481.8
review: Easily my favorite game of 2014
game-hours: 55.9
review: it keeps crashing on the surver screen
game-hours: 386.8
review: If they stopped making  DLC, and actually put the overpriced DLC helicopters into the game as stock vehicals the game would be great. Oh did i forget to mention the  optimization? Great game, great concept. Just fix your buissiness model bohemia. You are trying to become like a AAA game like COD with DLC with barely any content left and right. I know you are better than this bohemia! Arma 4 is probably going to be the next Call of duty. They seem to be straying away from mil sim.
game-hours: 134.6
review: Highly recommend
game-hours: 189.8
review: This game is Amazing!!!!! Only wish they would release a Modern DLC with models of that similar to Arma 2!
game-hours: 0.2
review: hi
game-hours: 17.6
review: if you are an fps person, this is the game for you. It has an amazing campain, and 3 interesting maps that you can spawn ai in. personally i like the ai part, but all in all, it's a great game
game-hours: 10.6
review: I keep losing at battle royal 15/10 Would play
game-hours: 285.9
review: I guess it's ok, or whatever..
game-hours: 304.1
review: A solid upgrade from its predecessor (Arma 2), the new movement system is outstanding and a really great edition to the game, the new engine really brings the maps to life, espically at night time, more enterable buildings then ever before makes for better gameplay and more care taken when clearing towns/buildings, once the mods that made A2 so great come across and get upgraded this game will be complete, BIS ADD A BIPOD FOR CHRIST SAKE!
game-hours: 228.2
review: As buggy as the beta still is (as you'd expect), this game has been more fun and engaging than any other new game I've played in the past 3-5 years. I almost never get to say this, but I am actually looking forward to the full release.
game-hours: 166.7
review: Best Game in the history of my life
game-hours: 316.7
review: In my opinion, you have to take your ARMA 3 experience into your own hands. If you plan on buying a military simulator packed with elaborate official content, you may be dissapointed. I have played ARMA 3 since Alpha and I did not enjoy the game at all on my own. On the few occasions when I had the chance to play with friends and make custom editor scenarios with them no matter how stupid or complex we could make them to our abilities, ARMA 3 was an amazing time for us. In my opinion, the addition of the workshop is invaluable to ARMA 3, because you can upload your own or download other custom scenarios and have a new experience every day. I truly admire the abilities of the ARMA 3 workshop and modding communities as they go far beyond simply experimenting with the editor, they take the game's source code and compile entirely new maps, vehicles, character models, weapons, you name it. So my verdict is if you plan on buying ARMA 3, at least experiment with the creative tools it provides and defenitley explore the workshop and modding communities reguarly and you will have a new experience each time you play. Having friends to play and develop custom missions or just plain stupid fun with is an experience I have yet to have in games outside of ARMA. As always too, make sure your PC meets at least the minimum requirements of ARMA 3, although surpassing these standards is probably better. ARMA 3 is very large scale and sometimes you can expect multiple events or battles all occuring simaltaneously with large player counts. It would be dissapointing to constantly have serious frame rate drops on these large scale game modes or events.
game-hours: 60.8
review: oooooooooooooo
game-hours: 52.3
review: This game is epic! Highly recommended!!
game-hours: 290.5
review: My most anticipated releas eof the year! After being an Arma 2 junkie for years this fulfills my wishes and brings the Arma series to the modern age, also I have to add that this game is probly the most beutiful game i've seen to date. Highly Modable, sandbox, multiplayer experiance. 10 out of 10 !
game-hours: 2.8
review: not even realistic where are the killstreaks
game-hours: 95.2
review: This game is growing so fast and the mods add a ton of new gameplay.....a must buy to be part of a great community
game-hours: 32.5
review: ArmA but genuinely fun rather than something you put up with because it's the only thing like it. This is great.
game-hours: 1726.6
review: Great games with great modes. Beaware! There are "odd" bugs in the game but you will get used to that. A great game if you enjoy Battlefield 4.
game-hours: 110.3
review: Nice Game With All Mod,This Game is Very Realistic And a Complete Team Game.
game-hours: 63.3
review: pretty fun
game-hours: 50.2
review: The best army simulator you can get!
game-hours: 1618.3
review: Highly recommend great game online.
game-hours: 24.9
review: A true "military simulator" that looks amazing and plays great when you get a hang of the unorthodox controls.
game-hours: 148.8
review: Arma 3 is quite disappointing and unplayable compared to the previous versions since 2002, although it is true it has better graphics. Many people are experiencing problems nowadays to be able to find their friends within the servers list, and even to connect directly to them via internet or lan or IP, BI have been informed many times by lots of people experiencing the same problems via a developr's site they have to report bugs, etc; unfortunately, there have not been any succesful fixes yet as far as i am aware. In contrast, BI have had loads of time to produce paid DLCs such as karts, helicopters... soon snipers, etc. I know they have lots of requests to fix things, but they should have some sort of objective priority scale. Hundreds of people are reporting the same problem. My suggestion: if what you expect as a customer is joning 1 or 2 friends online, then wait and do NOT buy this game until they fix the issue mentioned above because you will not be able to play, and will become really upset and disappointed after dozens of hours in forums finding how to solve these issues. In contrast, if you plan to join an arma community owning an arma server, then you might be able to enjoy. There are lots of cheap and fun games out there for Christmas, such as insurgency, rising storm, or project reality. Arma 3 is ,at the moment,not ready to be enjoyed with your local friends. Perhaps in the future BIS fix all the problems and re-route from their way to nowhere, not to end up becomin another "Boremasters". Hopefuly not, as many oldies miss the old Bohemia. Kind regards. BI's feedback about this problem below. Still unsolved after 7 months waiting and hundreds of groups waiting.
game-hours: 460.6
review: :)
game-hours: 49.6
review: Overall Great Game! A few glitches and things that should be fixed but has turned out awesome!
game-hours: 153.8
review: This game is great, Bohemia Interactive did a good job improoving on some of the things that were not so good in arma 2. For instance there is a massive inprovement in physics and the ability to go on or below the surface of the water is something that is not needed but adds a whole new experience to the game and something else to watch out for. The maps are detailed and interesting and the veichles have been given the PIP feature (Picture in Picture) so wile your in a veichle there are backup cameras or mirrors that actually show what is behind you. All of the veichles both land air or sea have great modles and a relistic sound effect that makes the game even more imersive. I definitly recomend this game to anyone who likes a tactical military simulator. Also those that are contimplating getting the upgrade form Arma 2 you will be pleasantly suprised.
game-hours: 193.7
review: You enter combat with your team/squad, hop in a chopper, fly to destination, parachute in, forget to pull chord, fall to death. Would jump again 10/10. In all honesty, I would say get this game. It's hard to learn, but it gets so good once you learn how, and you get into a combat zone, and bullets are wizzing by, jets flying overhead, and then you hear an explosion, and the house on the next block is destroyed.
game-hours: 51.0
review: With a big community behind it's a must have for every FPS fans
game-hours: 53.9
review: I don't think you can find a more difficult and exquisite game than Arma 3. Very hard, but a great strategy game that is even more fun to play with friends
game-hours: 1.9
review: I LITERALLY BOUGHT THIS ON SALE TWO DAYS AGO FOR $35. WTF STEAM
game-hours: 216.3
review: This game is pretty epic and I would recommend this to anyone who has time on their hands and who like playing shooters with strategic gameplay. However, do not buy this, or waste time buying this if you don't have an intel cpu. This game destroys your cpu if it's anything other than intel, and if you proceed with this, you will suffer. Just make sure you have a good gpu aswell. I have an amd cpu and a R9 280 x toxic, and it runs fine in single player (50-60 fps with everything maxed, distance tweaked a bit), but it's terrible with online multiplayer, not the rendering part, or the calculations made by the cpu in normal battles, but if someone decides to use any sort of explosives, my computer laggs the f- out. Again, DONT BUY UNLESS you have an intel (4th gen ofcourse)
game-hours: 911.6
review: Great Game
game-hours: 99.1
review: Want to sneak around in a camo suit and sabotage the enemy's base from afar? Want to drive into the enemy base with a tank, pockets loaded with explosives and heavy weaponry? Or do you just feel like transporting your allies to key strategic positions for today? Well, the good news is that in Arma 3, you can do all of that and more. This game was designed to be a sandbox military simulator, and it is just that. The beauty of it, is that it's not locked to either small-scale fast-paced run and gun or massive scale 24-hour battles. It can be both those things, and everything in between due to fantastic modding and custom map-creation tools that every player has access to. I haven't taken much of a look at the campaign, but to be honest, the Arma series was never really created for its campaign. Multiplayer is excellent, graphics are excellent. What else is there to say? Just make sure you have a beast of a PC if you want to run it on ultra-high settings.
game-hours: 10.2
review: :)
game-hours: 114.7
review: One of the best games for sure.
game-hours: 257.8
review: This game has a lot of available game modes because of how many "mods" (mission files) people make. This game is diverse because of the modding community that the ARMA series has. While the game still needs more firearms to be implemented into it, I am sure the modding community will fix that issue. This game has been out for a couple years now and is doing strong. ARMA 2 had a strong following and I do hope that this will too. One downfall about this game that has been around since the Alpha is that USB headsets are hit and miss. Sometimes they have certain sounds cut out. The way I went around this issue is by selecting my Optical Out as my default instead of my USB headset (Skullcandy PLYR1). Another downfall is the content. The game takes place the near future however the game does not include any current era firearms that are being used in any military force.
game-hours: 13.0
review: you game
game-hours: 3.8
review: Really good game!
game-hours: 135.5
review: [DO NOT READ NEGATIVE POSTS, THEY ARE EXTREMELY MISLEADING] I went ahead and just bought it with the 50% off sale, and I wouldn't be angry if I had paid 60 dollars for it. It is a top game indeed with so much to do, It is more than a warsim, it is much more than what is advertised...Don't think twice, just go get it! its definitely worth it. Yes your PC needs to be somewhat good for this to run well but I was scared about this very same issue and turns out it runs amazing in Ultra settings for me.
game-hours: 38.6
review: Love this game! Highly recomend it!!!!
game-hours: 356.3
review: There is nothing that I don't like about this game.
game-hours: 113.9
review: 10/10 got one shotted across a city
game-hours: 851.2
review: Nothing more than amazing can be used to describe ARMA 3. The extremly well done graphics, varied gameplay, and massive maps make for one of the most unique and spectacular FPS. Nearly every aspect of the game is well done, from the shooting to vehicle mechanics. Does the game have bugs? Yes, but Bohemia Interactive is constantly working dilligently to make this game the absolute best it can be. ARMA 3 is an experience like no other, and can not truly be justified with words alone. This is something that must be experienced to enjoy. This is ARMA. GAMEPLAY The gameplay in ARMA 3 can be slightly hard to describe, because of how varried each "mode" is. While ARMA does not have triditional game modes, (such as team deathmatch or capture the flag) it does off up and plethera of varrience. ARMA 3 has one of the most powerful editors in any game mode, allowing you to do nearly anything you want with the game. From individual missions with a begining and an end, to survival type, open ended missions, ARMA offers everything. Each game mode that is hosted on a server is generally created by a player or user, meaning there will always be something new to play as long as their are people to create it. It is because of this that ARMA 3 will offer up new gameplay experiences for years to come. GRAPHICS The graphics in ARMA 3 are some of the absolute best I have ever seen in a PC game to date. With all settings on ultra, the game is truly a sight to behold. The vast, rolling landscapes that seem to roll on for miles upon miles, the rolling, dynamic weather system that is always different, or the absolutely beautiful lighting the game offers up. The textures on both the human characters and vehicles respectively looking amazing and detailed. The interiors of helicopters are painstakingly detailed, with ever switch and button looking like it servers a purpose. Even mirrors show real time reflections of what is going on behind your vehicle. While all of these things are amazing, ARMA 3 can be quite taxing on your rig. If your looking to run this game with ultra settings, you'd better have a fairly high end system. AUDIO Audio in ARMA has always been fairly well done. I personally found most of the gun sounds in ARMA 2 to be very digital sounding, almost like they were being fired inside a tin room. This is no longer the case with ARMA 3. Gun shots are crisp and clear, even at a distance. The whipping and cracking sound of bullets whizzing past your head fills you with a sense of dread and fear. Footsteps and doors both have distinct sounds, allowing you to know when someone is senaking up on you. All in all, the audio is amazing. Especially if you have either a nice sounds system, or a nice pair of headphones. NEGATIVES ARMA 3 is a very dauning game to first learn to play and enjoy. You will be frustrated, you will make mistakes, and you will die. Constantly. But through time and patience, you can learn to be an effective member of a time, not just a lone K/D ratio. Other then the extreme learning curve, ARMA 3 is a very glitchy and buggy game. Some of these bugs are minor annoyances, while others are actual, game effecting glitches. The good news, however, is that the developers (Bohemia Interactive) are working diligently to sort out any problems that are posted on the bug reports. Usually Boehmia will release a patch fixing small issues every 1-3 weeks. CONCLUSION In conclusion, ARMA 3 is one of the most amazing games I have ever played in any genre. Wether your playing and extremly tactical game mode such as Invade & Annex, or a role playing game mode like Altis Life, ARMA is sure to dish out some of the most fun and memorable gaming experiences you will ever have. 9 out of 10.
game-hours: 27.3
review: Cool
game-hours: 972.3
review: Played a little, was fun.
game-hours: 1193.0
review: SUPER FUNN :D
game-hours: 776.0
review: Great game, Realistic concept but gunplay can be quite unrealistic at times. Teamwork is needed in most situations and all in all a very good game
game-hours: 310.9
review: Awsome game Best fps out there, it really is. Prepare to get randomly Globbal banned and ruin all your online gameplay, including dayz sa as well... So you didnt try to hack? ahaha we dont care we have your money.
game-hours: 6.6
review: The story is Great, The gun is awsome ,But some of the storytime is too hard
game-hours: 132.9
review: Mostly boring but the fun times are way better than the  times, although I reckon you're probably better wit Arma 2
game-hours: 55.7
review: Amazing game. Very realistic and perfect if you're a fan of the military and military tactics. The game offers limitless gameplay due to the fact that there are so many missions and scenarios created by the community. For some odd reason I get 90 fps on very high in singleplayer, but whenever I play multiplayer, even if nothing's going on, it just drops to 30. Also keep in mind that this is a HUGE game. I am fortunate to have built a gaming PC, but if your computer isn't that great, consider upgrading or just don't get this game.
game-hours: 827.4
review: Buy it for the multiplayer
game-hours: 183.5
review: best game ever!!!
game-hours: 4.4
review: I'm loving the game so far.
game-hours: 47.6
review: Brilliant just brilliant , this game has drugs . LSD , Weed , meth HAS IT ALL , you may also meet funny odd people and you have so much fun . The graphics are beautiful , when you scuba dive you can see the details on the turtles and etc , being a rebel is amazing , you get RPG's , snipers , awesome military gear , and military vehicles yet i do not know how cops and medics work im sure it's fun and you get more money . I extreamly reccomend to most who love military type of games ! enjoy (:
game-hours: 0.1
review: this is truly the best f.p.s game out there its my dream game and its better than cod and battlefield.
game-hours: 32.7
review: About 35x better than Arma 2
game-hours: 99.3
review: Arma 3 is everything that you'd expect it to be (as long as you do a little research, and by that I mean watch a few YouTube videos). It is incredibly deep and exciting. But not the exciting you're used to in most FPS titles. Games like BattleField, CS, and especially CoD are a lot faster paced and more trigger happy, whereas in CoD you rarely are shotting at range and almost always have your gun set to full auto, in Arma that is not the case. You'll learn that an assult rifle is still effective beyond 100m and that for a 200m shot you don't need a sniper rifle (a little exaggerated there but you get the point). The excitment in a game like Arma comes from satisfaction, from completing a mission with your squad, taking down an enemy heli becomes a big thing, because you know that by doing that you have pathed the way for your team to go and land in the area of objective. Its things like that, and you have to realize that when you buy this game, it's not something that you can get into off the bat, the controls are so deep that they are complicated to learn (but doable in a few hours, mostly). Arma is a game about team work, and if you're not willing to do be serious and work as a team, I suggest going elsewhere, because you're not going to enjoy it. (*PS the community is great) 9.5/10 Now for the bad, the game is buggy, like really buggy, enough to take off half a point, but its not TOO bad, still unacceptable. And another thing, the game seems poorly optimized online, singleplayer you can expect to get (with my GTX765M) about 30fps 1080p, however i have to scale it down to 768p to get the same 30fps on multiplayer (all on low), and the frame rate jitters sometimes. Another point the game is very CPU (and GPU) intensive on multiplayer, so I suggest a quad core processor and a decent GPU (=> GTX765M)
game-hours: 3.9
review: The fact that the game was released without a single-player campaign is very off-putting. The graphics are astonishing, though. The intense detail put into every single action that you do really hinders the "fun" aspect of the game. It's more simulation than FPS.
game-hours: 93.8
review: Great game but needs less survival and more TDM
game-hours: 43.3
review: You want the best in realistic miltary tactical simulation? Then muster up your rifles, boys. Because this is it.
game-hours: 157.8
review: This game is truly amazing!
game-hours: 62.7
review: Very fun to play, but can be very annoying as well. However, i would still recomend this game if it went on sale.
game-hours: 8.7
review: This game is not for fans of Call of Duty or any simple FPS. When it says it is a realistic military simulator, they mean it. The controls are amazing, things like moving your head (not your body) orthe many stance options.
game-hours: 3.7
review: Pretty good, if you like a half broken game.
game-hours: 224.1
review: Realism enthusiasts regroup! This game is very immersive, to make you feel like you are in a war, a simulator. Call of Duty and Battlefield players, feel free to join and man up!
game-hours: 39.6
review: Fantastic 90/100
game-hours: 1495.6
review: Since I started playing this, I haven't played anything else. Best game I've ever played. Great Mods like Altis Life, keep me playing for hours.
game-hours: 310.3
review: For people who like Simulation's this is an excellent choice you make, from my personal view, it's the most realistic game i've played yet, even though it's a game and it isnt yet possible to make it more realistic, it is a really nice game and it's money well spent if you're looking for has I stated before, a simulation game
game-hours: 56.0
review: This will be great when the CUP is finished!
game-hours: 65.0
review: Nothing comes close to a MilSim other than Arma. Flawless.
game-hours: 26.1
review: this is the best military simulator i ever see graphics are like in real life and life is low like in real life everything is like in real life download this if you like to learn about military and weapons and vehicles this is most awesome military game i ever see
game-hours: 140.8
review: epic
game-hours: 1307.7
review: My favorit game of all times
game-hours: 183.4
review: Arma 3 is a great game. Love the steam workshop adds more to the game. the only problem is that you ned a best pc to run the game, the singalplayer whorks great
game-hours: 2.4
review: its very fun game buy it now !
game-hours: 23.8
review: The only thing you need to know about playing Arma 3 is that no matter what you do the game plays like . All Arma games play like , it is a physics law. Whether you have a i7 with SLI 780's or a 8350 with Xfired 7970's, this games your FPS will change more than peoples opinions on Ben Affleck being Batman. PROS: Workshop +++ Replayability Open Map (a little empty though) Engaging Campaign (So far) Intelligent Difficulty (unlike Arma 2) CONS: The Game engine Need for tweaking for a remotely SOLID 60fps Stupid animations The inventory system The designers made stupid choices on vegetation popping again rather then building a sound game. FINAL COMMENTS: I LOVE ARMA 3.... BUT I BELIEVE IF SOMEONE MADE A BOT FILLED GIANT CTI MOD FOR JUST CAUSE 2. Then I have no need to play Arma at all.
game-hours: 36.8
review: this is a really great game if your in to the realizam of millitary from your home
game-hours: 17.1
review: This game's engine is so inefficient, one might wonder what the developers have been doing for the last several years. I would recommend it for the hardcore military-sim lovers, but for anyone else who plays video games for entertainment - I would not. I have a GTX 780, the game is installed on a 500/500 SSD, and I have a formidable 3770k intel processor. The game gets around 15fps on average, occasionally hitting 30 when I look at the ground. Its unacceptable for a game that is no longer in beta.
game-hours: 225.7
review: Very fun game for people who like military simulator style games. Got some bugs, but still worth it.
game-hours: 18.9
review: game is awesome! takes a while to get used to, but definitly worth it!!
game-hours: 551.6
review: Love it though I will admit, it still needs working on, the biggest issue for me is the bug where your clips disapear apon logging back in while you're on Dayz Breaking Point for this game. "Mod by the way" not the stand alone.
game-hours: 164.2
review: Arma 3 is an amazing game with an amazing community. Beat the campaign and the showcases? You can go over to the workshop and download some more maps. Want to play a map made by you? Hop on to the mission editor and make the mission however you want, and if you want to, post it on the workshop. The game itself has amazing combat mechanics, accurate portrayal of real firefights, and can provide hours of amazing fun.
game-hours: 41.5
review: The best game evaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarr ;)
game-hours: 16.4
review: One of the greatest games ever
game-hours: 146.0
review: Most realistic shooter in the world. The best game I have ever played by far. It is very different from arma 2, but the main concept is still there. It may take some time to get used to the controls and keys, but it is worth it.
game-hours: 48.3
review: Along with the serious military aspect of it, the customization can lead to some pretty wide ranges of fun with friends. However, it is more fun to play with friends. Single-player isn't much fun if you don't know what you're doing. 7/10
game-hours: 204.7
review: Loved the arma 2 and am loving this even more, great game and has lots of modabilaty
game-hours: 209.9
review: The game is a beautiful Piece of art many times the size of the skyrim province. Arma 3 has a few genres incorporated for our entertainmentbut the two main are Military simulator and flight simulator, Personally, since finishing the campaign i have been playing the dead nation mod and im totally immersed. more so than skyrim. more so than any game ive played. its worth its money and even better if you get it when its on sale. if you cant wait then look around for a cheaper new sealed hard copy on amazon. Its hard to be good at this game so bad losers beware :-)
game-hours: 50.4
review: Thought you could be a soldier? Think again! ARMA 3 throws the player into a near realistic shooter designed to test the best of gamers. A honourable challenge to any and all.
game-hours: 10.9
review: This is a really good FPS and simulator that allows you to create your own mission and play as one of the soldiers.
game-hours: 346.2
review: One of THE best shooters being released this year.
game-hours: 491.2
review: Great Game Id Pay $100 for this! its a must buy if you like real life type shooters.
game-hours: 74.1
review: Fences OP 10/10
game-hours: 88.2
review: Best fps gaming experience !
game-hours: 71.7
review: A must for anyone with military training
game-hours: 34.2
review: Arma 3 is obviously a better Arma 2, in many ways. Many positives to the game. One of which is the addition of the Steam Workshop. To download missions for Co-Op and Singleplayer. There's no hastle of going to
game-hours: 271.6
review: and downloading missions. Arma 3 is overpriced though...
game-hours: 33.3
review: wow such real very shoot much kill amaze
game-hours: 40.7
review: This game is the closest thing you'll ever get to the real modern war! Realistic to the MAX! You also need a powerful pc (Like mine) in order to handle all the details in this game from the small leaves that fall off the trees as you shoot through them to pierce your enemy, to the small fishes that swim away as you approach your enemy's flank. This game is not easy to get the hang of, there is no rushing, no killstreaks, and especially no 12 year olds screaming for kills. This game makes a good use of your keyboard, thank you steam for making this game exclusive to pc gamers.
game-hours: 425.5
review: So fun to play with friend
game-hours: 9.1
review: this is a very good game that is worth what i paid for it.
game-hours: 616.8
review: Since Modern Warfare 2 this is the best game I have played. Although I liked the Call of Duty francise, it has lost its way and has become a game of mindless running around chasing XP points. ArmA is huge, fun and needs more care to complete your objectives. Although it lacks instant multiplayer gaming, there are only a few games to play, you can create your own or download one from steam, all free of charge. It took a lot of getting used to but I love it.
game-hours: 381.5
review: Great game takes lots of time of learn, but it is realy rewarding and is lots of fun!
game-hours: 277.0
review: Nice game horrible fps
game-hours: 30.6
review: A lllllllot better than Arma and Arma 2 the game play and performance has improved, but still kind of a rage game especially when AI on normal can headshot you from 500 meters away with an assult rifle with red dot sights(ultra realism huh?) also you still die in like 3 shots
game-hours: 97.9
review: Got stuck on a landmine death loop. 10/10
game-hours: 217.9
review: Great game for realism units!
game-hours: 17.1
review: really a good game
game-hours: 422.9
review: If you like mods and love simulations then this game is worth it. Theres many things that you can do within this sexy game, things that involve (Tactical Bacon)! Just make sure to have friends or to be with a simulation mislim when playing.
game-hours: 25.2
review: Wonderful game.
game-hours: 40.6
review: Unpolished.
game-hours: 117.7
review: Helicopter DLC overpriced
game-hours: 656.2
review: It's a milsim
game-hours: 1191.7
review: why would you play dayz when theres this and breaking point mod
game-hours: 283.5
review: This game is great, the simulation on the vehicles is realistic. ARMA 3 requires a good computer to be able to experience the game. This game has lots of mods such as Epoch, Breakingpoint etc. This games' map is extremely large, the Altis map and the Stratis map. This is a good thing! However this game costs 35.99 in my opinion it is highly overpriced, it would be a "Must buy" game if the price was between 23.99-30 At the end, this game is great, nice simulation, I highly recommend this game to everyone. If you got the money laying around, you should really get this game.
game-hours: 1410.2
review: it's buggy, clunky as hell and confusing as hell. but get past the initial learning curve it becomes more and more addictive.
game-hours: 1178.7
review: This game is really great but can be very slow paced. If you are patient and aren't bothered by lots of walking then this game is great fun. With many modded servers from Wasteland to Battle Royale Arma 3 never loses it's spark. The Campaign is very compelling and well written with many hours and plenty to do. Having an active modding community means there are plenty of new missions and campaigns being created all the time as well as new items or vehicles to try out. Wasteland is a great attraction too, an open world survival mod where you can roam the Island of Stratis or Altis, complete missions, fight other players and build bases. Arma 3 is a really great game for the patient gamer, I would definitely recommend it!
game-hours: 27.9
review: everybody who has win8.1 stay away from this game it has bugs band bugs and bugs for exaple soome keys are not working i cant even cahnge it because i somehow cant get my mouse calibrated
game-hours: 3.2
review: Way too many hackers...
game-hours: 35.7
review: LOVE IT<3
game-hours: 808.5
review: Best possible Combat Simulator! but its also the most fun you can have with some friends!
game-hours: 3.9
review: BEST EVER
game-hours: 683.1
review: Arma 3's campaign is a big, powerful, deeply engrossing thing, but there is one disappointment: its lack of vehicular missions. Since the story focuses on one not particularly interesting character who is ultimately a grunt, there are no tank missions, no helicopter missions and no jet missions. I can understand why, to a point: Arma's vehicles, especially its airborne offering, take time and effort to learn to control. Moreover, in these kinds of games infantry combat tends to be more enjoyable anyway. On the other hand, Flashpoint offered plenty of vehicle engagements during its campaign without any issue, and it's frustrating that, 13 years on, Arma's campaigns still lag behind it in terms of breadth of experience. If you want to get familiar with Arma's military machinery, you'll need to look to the showcase missions, download one of the many community-built scenarios out there, or jump into the enormous multiplayer. There are a vast range of multiplayer game modes to take your fancy. King of the Hill challenges three teams of 16 players to wrest control of a particular objective using small arms, tanks, helicopters, the works. If you're of a more co-operative bent, there are a range of developer missions that require teamwork to beat the odds, including the enormous Escape From Altis mission, which tasks your plucky group with safely reaching the coastline while avoiding the sights of a vastly superior enemy force. Yet the most interesting of Arma's multiplayer modes stem from the community. Wasteland is a survival mode in a similar vein to DayZ, but without the zombies and with considerably more military equipment. Altis Life, meanwhile, eschews the focus on soldiers in favour of a cops-and-robbers scenario, where players tired of making money through picking fruit or mining ore club together to perform elaborate bank heists and player-police hunt them down. A lengthy paid alpha followed by six months of staggered campaign releases has given Arma 3's multiplayer an extraordinary range. This is largely thanks to the fantastic foundation that is the island of Altis, which makes every mission, every multiplayer match, every combat engagement feel unique. There's something about Bohemia's world-building that inspires people. Importantly though, Arma 3's vanilla content now stands on equal footing with those third-party inspirations. It's still a little rough around the edges, but it's a darned impressive package nonetheless.
game-hours: 50.0
review: Awesome Game Guys!
game-hours: 445.0
review: My Favorite Game EVER! "Altis Life,Breaking Point"
game-hours: 63.4
review: These game is AWSOME.
game-hours: 413.6
review: AWESOME GAME!
game-hours: 29.2
review: kp d bara... tvek int
game-hours: 240.9
review: Amazing graphics, fun to play, must buy!
game-hours: 113.0
review: Full of vast scenery and realistic vehicles and weapons, Arma 3 is a great open world tactical shooter. It is graphics hungry and even my 7970 struggles to run it well (although I haven't taken to fine tuning the settings yet). The campaign was added after the release (which is weird) but it's good and it helps the player in remembering the locations on the gigantic maps (Like seriously Stratis and Altis are huge). Combat is realistic (as far as I can tell), RP servers exist, coop is fluid, all in all a great game.
game-hours: 37.2
review: Great game
game-hours: 12.3
review: AI OP
game-hours: 49.3
review: Best war simulator on the marked. Perfect for military personell and people that cares about realism, and don't expect xp or kill streaks in a game for it to be good. Good : Improved grapichs, stability and better interface (compared to Arma 2). Gear management is much better than before. Realistic battle enviroment. Bullets are affected by wind, distance etc. Weapons and vehicles are real, and requires skills to be effective. Vehicles takes damage, use fuel and ammo. Bad: Few vehicles (hopefully more vehicles will be added soon). Also the medic role is kind of useless. In mulitplayer all players carry medkits to heal them selves once. Since it is a war simulator, they could have made the medkit stabilize wounds, and then required a medic to threat/further stabilize any wounds. Would also like to get an armoured ambulance for the healing of wounded soldiers, but I quess thats where the medics tent come in play (although quite useless when you are in AO where the enemy can kill the medic and the wounded at any time). Logistic is essential in Arma 3, unfortunatly not all commanders care about it, and ammuniton and repairs close to AO is often dropped because of long distances. Would have been great if some of the logistics could have been run by AI though the commander. Not a lot of players find it amuzing to drive a repair truck for 10-15 min just to get to the AO.
game-hours: 11.4
review: Fun game, though the combat system takes time getting used to.
game-hours: 5.9
review: Amazing experience. Just don't play after playing COD.
game-hours: 25.6
review: Worth every penny. Fantastic military simulator.
game-hours: 338.6
review: Very nice update to Arma 2, particularly on the graphics side (recommend big GFX card). Some work is still needed though, as single-player missions are still missing.
game-hours: 166.3
review: Giggity!
game-hours: 129.3
review: good game.
game-hours: 101.5
review: Too difficult? It's just too realistic. With the development both by BI Studio and the ARMA community, the ARMA series is definity the most versatile military simulator for the moment. With great improvement in graphic quality and the ability to port ARMA and ARMA 2 into ARMAIII, ARMA III has brought the ARMA series into a next level.
game-hours: 253.8
review: Hands down, the best war-simulator ever made.
game-hours: 322.8
review: Best army simulation game ever created
game-hours: 413.4
review: I've been playing this series (in both single player and multiplayer) since the original Operation Flashpoint and have probably spent most of my time in the original Arma. Most recently, I've been playing the excellent 'Project Reality' mod for Arma 2. So far, I'm really enjoying Arma 3, although I haven't played it especially long. So consider this my 'out of the box' impression. As someone who enjoys military sims, my favourite feature in the new version is the addition of better stance control. This really adds a great deal to the game by allowing greater control (if you want it) over posture, in order to take cover properly behind obstacles while still being able to shoot - usually a cumbersome task in the previous games. Another notable feature in stock Arma 3 is the quality of weapon and explosion sounds, which are far improved over stock Arma 2 (discounting mods) and provide an excellent sense of immersion in large battles, etc. The 'challenges', where you do solo times training exercises, are also excellent. Of course, the graphics have been very nicely updated from Arma 2 and the game runs smoothly with a mixture of high and ultra settings on my rig (i7-4770 3.4GHz GTX760 8 GB RAM). I still need to get used to the new near-future setting though, which sometimes gives an impression of a style that is somewhere between the original series and BF2142. The location is very much Arma though and I understand that the series probably needed to be revitalised in some way. So far, it is looking very good indeed.
game-hours: 233.9
review: need plenty of peeps with ya when playing to really enjoy
game-hours: 77.8
review: - ,    .    : ,  -  ,      ,   .       " ". Contra: bugs-bugs-bugs, (yet) small amount of in-game content. Pro: scale, sometimes - unpredictability, high level of degrees of freedom, mods-mods-mods. Verdict: one of the best of rare kind of proud creatures "Military Simulator". Period.
game-hours: 4.7
review: arma i love you
game-hours: 236.4
review: 184.2 hrs on record, and I still have problems with CAS 10/10, would buy again.
game-hours: 9.6
review: Yes. Just yes
game-hours: 523.9
review: Played it for 2 hours during the Free Weekend! It was amazing! I was speechless at the graphics of the terrain, they were simply unbelievable! I was playing it on my new laptop and i was running easily above 40fps!!! I wish i could buy it but sadly i got no money left from my laptop :( The people playing it we great and supportive. It was slightly harder to handle driving at first but after 20 minutes it was easy! If you are thinking about buying this game and have the money, dont think!!!!!! JUST BUY IT :D !!!
game-hours: 1.8
review: Very good game, just the server listing takes a long time.
game-hours: 3.2
review: l love this game but the problem is l can't spot the emeny also how to aim but any way l love the game ><
game-hours: 12.5
review: ARMA 3 is the most accurate and realistic war game you will ever play. I enjoyed my experience in combat and I felt as if I was really there. BATTLEFIELD has gone straight to the bottom of my favourite games. I must have this game!!!
game-hours: 120.9
review: Mint
game-hours: 305.1
review: this is my most favorite game atm, updated regularly and great people to play with. recomend to anyone.
game-hours: 9.8
review: 10/10 Best Open World, War/Simulator/First Person/3rd Person Haven't played a good Open World Army Simulation sense JOINT OPERATIONS!
game-hours: 0.5
review: Its fun alone and whit friends.
game-hours: 20.7
review: You know those games where there are a few missions that make you throw your keyboard at a wall and say: "What the crap that was !"? Well this is one of those games. The single player is very uneven, where some missions are easy and others are unbelievably hard. However, this is not a drawback, I keep coming back to this game even after I tell myself: "I'm never playing this again", and when you finally pass that missions that you're stuck on, the satisfaction is incredible.
game-hours: 145.5
review: awesome game!!!!
game-hours: 5.9
review: Brilliant graphics and aazazing multiplayer gameplay!!!!!! 5 stars
game-hours: 615.8
review: As a fan of the ArmA series, it's no surprise that I would love this entry in the series. Combat is intense, with bullets and missiles whizzing past my head every living minute. As for the campaign, it is pretty well made, as you struggle to survive the onslaught of CSAT Forces on Altis. Multiplayer is beautiful, whether it be competitive or cooperative. And finally, the huge modding community you can find on Armaholic or the Steam Workship. If you have the money, buy the game. It is very much worth it!
game-hours: 155.6
review: This game is completed. has everything to have alot of fun. recommend to every human been.
game-hours: 63.5
review: Great game! Really fun to play with friends only just started playing but by god i have had a LOT of fun. Some of this includes getting bombed by jets, grenades and even choppers. The people on it are very social as well you can talk to team mates to get through small tasks. Although this game does require good specs to get the best out of the game.
game-hours: 1.9
review: good game cant run it over 60 fps on low
game-hours: 58.1
review: If you like Arma 2, then you'll have fun playing bumper cars on king of the hill ;)
game-hours: 0.6
review: this game is amazing
game-hours: 281.2
review: if you play alone, i would wait to a steam-sale came, but with friends its totaly worth buying now! cool stuff in arma is "Altis life" and "KIng of the hill". Really good games in arma. You can download "Battle Royale" (Mod) too. The Campain is what it is. Not really good, but good enough. Would like if you could drive more armored vehicles, and the save system i dont like ether, i should be a autosave that dont delete its self when a new autosave come. Like i got pretty far one time, and a auto save came and i died 2sec after the autosave came. So i died every time i respawned. SO i had to start over again... Campain: 6/10 "Cool, but need more Vehicles (with gun on)" Multiplayer: 8/10 "good enough to buy it" Graphics: 8/10 "my pc can handle ultra graphics, and the nature looks amazing, but something here and there is missing"
game-hours: 0.8
review: amazing game i wasnt able to play but it was amazing i seen it its just amazing
game-hours: 9.5
review: Pretty good
game-hours: 0.3
review: Moc pecka
game-hours: 176.9
review: Really fun, both single and mutliplayer. Just don't expect it to be like CoD... It's more realistic, and not so much arcade action all the time. Still in Beta, but is already a kick  game. *but be aware* - this game makes alot of people act like butt*holes in multiplayer. Find the right server and all is GOOD! :)
game-hours: 8.8
review: One word:Battleye
game-hours: 1.3
review: Realy awesome game man I realy like it
game-hours: 4.5
review: this game is a nice roleplay game fun to play with friends too so it worth to buy this game!!
game-hours: 95.1
review: !
game-hours: 164.2
review: This game is like 80% percent complete. To be honest the temptation is big to fall in love with this game's potential what it could be, but keep in mind, it's an expensive game and this game been out for well over a year now still lots of errors that still haven't been fixed. I love military simulators, been playing tons of Project Reality and Arma 2 and now i decided to try Arma 3 out during the free weekend. My first impression was epic, so many things to try out in a beautiful huge area. BUT multiplayer sucks, i played 20 hours this weekend, tried many different server and I always had a crazy desync problem and lag issues not to mantion the FPS drops. Bipods don't work (they simply did not add the option to use them in a MILITARY SIMULATOR) vehichle transportation with chopper is glitchy as hell, squad command is bad and the communication system with this side and vehicle channel is horrible. 85% of the time some 10 year old kid came up to the server and started shouting on side channel, that everyone on the server can hear and the whole voip system and gameplay was ruined. At the end of the weekend as I read more and more started to get the feeling that the developers don't really care and just letting the amazing modders to fix their game. Which is unacceptable for me with a 45 euro pricetag. It's buggy, it's badly optimized, It's unfinished. I was looking foward to this game and also thinking about buying it, but no. This game doesn't worth 45 euros not even 23..... They are making new DLC-s too, but for what? They should fix the basic game up first... Please guys, save yourself the money and try out project reality, soon project reality 2 will be out with cryengine 3. OR i suggest u wait buying this game until it gets properly patched. My config: I5-4670k on default speed Nvidia GTX 650 TI 8GB DDR3 1600MHZ RAM Ran it on medium settings.
