game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.6
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2868.3
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 200.2
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 764.7
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 180.8
review: This game is: 10% luck 20% skill 15% concentrated power of will 5% pleasure 50% pain and 100% reason to purchase this game
game-hours: 19.7
review: In this game you are a Terrorist or elite Counter-Terrorist who has never fired a gun in their life before a round starts. You must help your character learn how to control their guns while killing enemies. Strangely, each character has the mysterious power to fire one or two shots without ridiculous recoil by very briefly jerking in the opposite direction they are moving in. When your character wears a Kevlar vest, every part of your character, except the head, are made out of steel. Therefore, the only way to quickly kill people is to shoot them in the head. This can be annoying at first, but you will soon get used to shooting a small smudge of pixels on top of a character's body. The Goddess of Guns can materialize guns in your character's hands a few seconds before a round starts. However, your character must pay for the guns, which have vastly overinflated prices. When you have the right amount of money, the Goddess will flash a menu in your character's eyes, allowing them to select the guns they want. More advanced users can make guns materialize out of thin air with their mind as long as they have the right amount of money. Maps are often about evil terrorists trying to bomb deserted places. Vandalism is a very serious crime in the Counter-Strike series, so elite Counter-Terrorists are deployed to stop them. Unfortunately for the Terrorists, they are dumb and only packed one bomb. However, the Counter-Terrorists do not know how to pick up a dropped bomb, so the Terrorists can still pick it up after it is dropped by a fallen friend. In some maps, the terrorists have kidnapped a janitor and low-level desk jockey in a building. The Counter-Terrorists have been deployed to save one, not both, of the hostages. In reality, this is just a thinly-veiled excuse for the CTs to murder the Terrorists while pumping rounds into the invincible hostages. One weird thing about hostage maps is that you can purchase a "Hostage Rescue Kit", which somehow makes gives you the ability to put a grown man on your shoulders in a second. Perhaps it is a spell scroll that allows hostages to hover to your character's shoulders. Overall, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a surprisingly solid game about people with the worst gun handling abilities ever seen on Earth. Even though your characters have the aiming abilities of someone with Parkinsons Disease, you have many tactical options that make the game very fun and dynamic. It's worth picking up.
game-hours: 594.8
review: Pros: - Chickens Cons: - Not enough chickens
game-hours: 2340.8
review: I slowly look at the luminescent green dial of my wristwatch, which tells me it is 5:46, am. Damn. Another night of Insomnia. I sit up in my bed, and listen to the soft hum of my Radeon HD 7870 GHz Edition, as her fans slowly cool the surface of her brilliant silicon plates. The only light in this room comes from the electric blue glow of my keyboard, and the azure LEDs in my Razer Abyssus. I press a button, and the display of a 23 inch, 1080p IPS monitor lights up, colors shifting and changing in psychedelic pattens, chromatic waves of light bluring and stabilizing to send an image within my mind. My desktop stares back at me; the only icon the Recycle bin. I move my eyes to the Taskbar, where the icons for Windows Explorer, Star Citizen, Mozilla Firefox, and lastly Steam return my gaze. I click on Steam, and watch as a loading bar appears. The light from the moniter shines brilliantly on my face, and if I look closely into it, I can see myself reflected in the crystal surface, eyes staring deep into a mad realm of pixels and insomnia. Steam finally loads. Oh, what's this? There's a sale on? Ah, too bad; I only have one cent in my wallet. I click the library tab in a futile attempt to find meaning. My list of games appears, showing me hints of open doors into new worlds, strange and wonderful. What path sould I choose? Should I join battle with Dragons, in the strage land of the Nords? Or, perhaps, I should launch the StarCitizen hangar module, and lust after a dream of flight, a game not yet finished. Ah, but here it is; Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. How many hours have I thus spent within you, oh CS:GO? You have been the reason for many nights without sleep, many days of ragequits, many days of fun and sadness. I pull out a calculator from somewhere on my desk: dividing one thousand, eight hundred and eighty-five hours by twenty-four tells me that I've been within this game for seventy-eight point five days so far. Damn. The game begins loading, and I hear the soft hum of GPU fans, and the silent sound of the sunrise, far beyond the single window of my room. _ Ah, where was I? I guess I feel alseep for a second there. Skip the intros, enter main menu, searc- Wait, what? 20 friends online? But, it's like 6 am... Oh, right, timezones. Eh, I might as well invite all these people. Well, I guess I didn't want to play with them anyway. Green light fills my room, I press accept, and wait for the ninth player. Who, it seems, never can figure out what the big glowing green button actually means. Oh well, it just found another match anyway. Well, third time's the chram, right? I guess not. Fourth time does it, and we're away. Cue loading screen, begin meaningless text I've seen only a few thousand times before. I get up, walk towards the kitchen, and only trip twice on miscellaneous paraphernalia in the dark hallways. The bleak windows of the room greet me: pale dawn, gray clouds and black trees visible through their panes. The neon numerals of the microwave tell the time as 6:07. I search the pantry and refr!gerator, but find nothing of value. I lower my standards and try again, this time coming up with a few tastless cookies of some kind. I begin a pilgrimage to whence I came. The last stars of night grow cold and die; as color once again spreads over the sky. Monitor glow, winter snow, cybernetic flow. My quest now complete, with prize in hand, I return to my chair. 0's and 1's stream across a fiberoptic gulf of space, connecting people hundreds of miles apart in a beautiful lattice of data, all for my enjoyment. I begin the first round, and purchase a FN Five-Seven and a Flashbang grenade. I move over to long A, and hold my sights on the old wooden doors. An insurgent sprints through the open door, firing his Glock-18 as fast as he can, his bullets hitting the wal beside my head. I pull the trigger, a volcanic plume of hot gas propelling a one gram lead alloy projectile at twice the speed of sound into the side of his head; The FN 5.728mm armor piercing round delivering a fatal 540 Joules of energy. The neon Stattrak display mounted on the left side of my Case Hardened Five-Seven increases by one, and a bright flare from the muzzle reflects its light in the cold metal of a name tag, the words "NOT ON MY WATCH" silently mocking those fools who fall by my pistol, in an absurd pun about clocks. Another Terrorist moves into view, I fire three supersonic rounds into his chest, and one in his skull. Again the neon numbers shift and rearrange in a mad dance, as bullets enter my manly chest hair and are absorbed. A third Terrorist fires, and I die in the gameworld, madly shooting as my bullets hit empty space. Pixels shift and change in an algorithmic song, and my teammates finish what I began, with the severing of a red wire a small number one is added in blue to the top of my screen. Second round, man. Time to roll. I got long- wait, why are two of you going there? Nevermind, I'll hold Catwalk. _ Turns out they decided to rush Mid with pistols. Poor choice. I leap out of catwalk into mid as they rush the doors, electric blue pathways of fire traversing the void between my tazer and and the insurgent's back. He screams in death as I drop the now-useless tazer and unholster a Bizon SMG; 9mm rounds begining to sputter at 320 meters per second into the backs of my foes as a Terrorist pulls a 180 and flicks a round into my skull with his CZ-75 Automatic, punching through my helmet into the flesh beneath. I mutter to myself "I ing hate that gun" while typing out "#TAZED " in all chat. Childish insults fly like eagles, soaring over skies of wire and valleys of silicon to majestically land in the lower right of my vision, proclaiming their wondrous messages for all to see. "get rekt" "u suck" "TIME to die, amirite" Using the mighty power of a pistol save round, the enemy gains a round. From far beyond my drywall cube, a sun the color of a Helium discharge tube bleeds the first light of Autumn into a sky the color of Krypton: but here I am safe from its incandescent fingers, here, the persistance of color exists in the 60hz of my monitor. Perhaps tomorrow will be different? Oh, but I don't think it will. The scoreboard moves with its own hateful volition, seemingly granting rounds with a heart of cinder and magma. Chaos lies within its eyes. Final round of the first half begins and I press f1 to auto buy, supplanting my XM1014 from the previous round with an M4A4 Bullet Rain, tastefully decorated with a "REKT" holographic sticker and renamed "Clockwork Assing". I once again reflect on what a stupid name that is, and regret selling my Desert Eagle Blaze to buy it. Surprisingly, my team manages to hold a push at long. In the simultaneous push to cat a rain of lead from a thundering sky finds my face with magnetic precision, and in the downtime I skim through my Ebook library on my phone. I've been considering writing something in the style of Neuromancer or Ready Player One for awhile now, perhaps if I can find the right subject... Oh well, that's a project for another day. Translation: never. Halftime, and the tally stands at ten for them and five for us. I've seen worse. I've seen better too, but what the hell, this isn't hopeless yet. Pistol round begins and I buy Dualies, partly just to  with people and partly because for reasons that I can neither explain nor defend I'm ridiculously good with them. Don't dis my Dualie skills, man. Just accept it. Like a wizard and his wand: you do not choose the Dualies, the Dualies choose you. I pop smoke Mid and rush Catwalk, suddenly realizing I hit the character limit while subsequently breaking the 4th wall. I slowly look at the luminescent green dial of my wristwatch, which tells me it is 6:34, am. Damn. Another night of Insomnia.
game-hours: 837.1
review: I bought this game for the chickens, and was not disappointed. After exploring the countless lands the chickens have traveled far and wide, I realized their population was growing too large. The chickens had started to inhabit such horrid locations across the world, such as nuclear plants, and offices without cafeterias. I knew what had to be done. I bought a flip knife off of the steam market, and called PETA. I listened to In the Arms of an Angel in my Microsoft Professional Deluxe Gaming Chair 360 for about twelve hours with no response, so, I decided to take matters into my own hands. I loaded up de_nuke and started to put the chickens out of their misery. I cried harder that night than I have ever before. The next morning, with tears in my eyes, I loaded up Counter-Strike: Global Chicken, and I saw a new item waiting in my inventory. My Flip Knife had turned into a Flip Knife Slaughter. At that moment, I realized what a horrible thing I had done. With my hand shaking, I navigated my mouse, and uninstalled Counter-Strike: Global Chicken. I regret everything I have done. I am writing this review to warn you about the chickens, and to let you know I have made a full recovery, and that I have started my new journey in Goat Simulator. Thank you, and farewell.
game-hours: 350.8
review: Playing Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is like masturbating. Feels good doing it but later you regret it. And then you keep on doing it.
game-hours: 403.1
review: After more then 10 years , the Counter Terrorist need a Defuse Kit to defuse a bomb with the same defuse number as all other bombs.
game-hours: 266.1
review: Knife = free Knife with paint on it = 200$
game-hours: 462.0
review: Your self-esteem either dies in this game or it inflates to unbearable proportions.
game-hours: 1085.9
review: Ruined my life, 5 Stars.
game-hours: 258.4
review: I shoot bullets at a person, and they die from it. Sometimes they do not. Sometimes they shoot me. Very deep storytelling.
game-hours: 1012.0
review: CS GO in a nutshell: ANGRY RUSSIAN:  blyat GUY THAT HATES RUSSIANS: STFU stooped russian ANGRY RUSSIAN: Idi nahui american kid GUY THAT HATES RUSSIANS: PUTIN PUTIN PUTIN ANGRY RUSSIAN: OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA GUY THAT HATES RUSSIANS: FU stooped freak ANGRY RUSSIAN:  Random guy: This game is so cool ''Random guy got Banned for inappropriate language'' 10/10 (sorry for dem bad wordz )
game-hours: 553.3
review: This game made me realize how many 8 year olds ed my mom. 8/8 m8
game-hours: 700.1
review: Counter-Strike: Angry Russians and Screaming American kids.
game-hours: 110.9
review: This game has the best Chicken AI of gaming history. 10/10 would knife those chickens again.
game-hours: 1093.4
review: How to get an expensive knife: Step 1: You don't. Hope this helps!
game-hours: 813.5
review: 10/10 would spend 100 on keys again so I can relive the experience of getting 20 galil sandstorms
game-hours: 1255.4
review: Great way to lose all confidence you had in yourself and the confidence in your team, whilst being called a Noob in more languages then you will understand, and be laughed at because you still run default skins. 10/10 Would recommend to family and friends
game-hours: 1036.3
review: Holiday updates make the chickens that roam around the maps dress up. 10/10
game-hours: 1666.6
review: CSGO is a near-perfect multiplayer shooter. Unlike the previous versions, which were often difficult to get in to, this one offers a variety of modes that will appeal to all skill levels. It has a large community and a well supported workshop, ensuring that this discount-priced game will be around for years to come. In short, you either play as the good or bad guys and must either kill the other team or complete objectives to win the round, which will earn you more money to do the same thing again but faster. It's been around for years and has spawned many imitators. The game isn't much of a looker as it is based on the same engine as the original Half Life 2 was. However, Valve have polished it as much as they can and the community consists of lots of awesome mappers who have been churning out brilliantly imaginative and beautiful maps almost on a daily basis. Is it worth getting if you already own Counter Strike: Source? Yes. CSS was always Counter Strike shoe-horned into the Source engine. CSGO feels far more like a standalone game. Valve have very carefully listened to what people have wanted and have made a very appealing game. The best feature must be the competitive play. You cannot leave these matches or you'll suffer a temporary ban from the feature. After 10 wins in this mode you'll be ranked and will be paired up with people of the same skill, meaning that the game is challenging but fair regardless of your skill level. These matches are exciting, occasionally scary or frustrating, but are the most rewarding part of the game and improving your rank is one of the most satisfying experiences in any video game, ever. There are all kinds of teams and communities that you can join. Really, if I was stuck on a desert island with one game this would most likely be my top choice. It's bigger than you can hope to conquer and has a huge community around it which will likely be around for years to come, something that can't be said for the Call of Duty franchise which is probably its closest rival. Remember that those games are full price and have another one churned out each year, fragmenting the community. Plus you can customise your weapon skins in CSGO. Surely that's the most important feature?! All they need to add now are hats and you might as well live in CSGO.
game-hours: 1557.6
review: Dust 2 : Global Offensive
game-hours: 2149.4
review: I came to this game for my fetish of chickens. When playing the game, I realised that not every map has chickens on it, so I slowly got angrier with the game... The lack of chickens boiled my blood. CSGO made me angry, Until, I found my dream love, Deathmatch. A Chicken on any map, right then.. I'd kick the bots, and chase the chickens around for hours. Ah, It was so pleasurable, How I would do it for hours on end. The chickens are perfect. I play this game for hours on end, and the chickens never disapointment me now, Oh Chickens, how you are my one true love. I can't focus at school anymore.. I only think about chickens, on the way home from school there is a KFC, I walk past it every day, I think of chickens, One time, I literally stopped, and took a fap to one of the chickens. Ah, It was so good. Chickens I love them Oh Chickens THANK YOU GABEN 5/5 I love chickens.
game-hours: 774.5
review: >Open case >Want asiimov >Got bizon > the end 10/10 never open case again
game-hours: 261.4
review: Its a good game if you enjoy: Teamwork Fast paced Russians Shooters  Rage Ranking systems
game-hours: 89.3
review: When People Say This Game Is Bad... I'm Globally Offended. YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
game-hours: 92.4
review: competitive 4 wild russians appear  BLYAT GeT_KiCkEd for not being russian 5/5
game-hours: 54.4
review: If This game was a potato it would be a good potato.
game-hours: 1670.4
review: Erm. Go buy it. Buy 3 copies of it. Rotate your accounts as you get MM cooldowns for the inevitable rage. Find a friendly server with a good community. Don't buy keys. Seriously Don't Buy Keys. Really.
game-hours: 282.2
review: 1.)case drop 2.)buy key 3.)open case 4.)wants extraordinary wep or knife 5.)got common wep 6.)buy more cases and keys 7.)got more common weps 8.)rage 9.)repeat 11/10 well done gaben would buy again
game-hours: 271.1
review: This game is so good for your education. I've learned more russian while playing this game for 2 months, than in my entire life.
game-hours: 360.5
review: If you have friends, this is a great game to play with them. If you don't have any friends, this is a great game to play alone. If you don't have the game to play, get money for it. If you don't have the money for it, get a job. If you don't have a job, rob a bank. If you get arrested robbing the bank, at least you tried.
game-hours: 4233.7
review: I play CS:GO since Novemeber 2013 and it's one of the best Counter Strike's made. I played nearly 10 years CS:S and it was hard to get into the new CS but its worth. Pretty good game :)
game-hours: 350.4
review: I rate this game 8 out of 10 russians.
game-hours: 1237.4
review: This game ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 834.2
review: Don't try to win. You'll lose. Try to lose. You'll win. 10/10 Matchmaking
game-hours: 505.0
review: wow i totally hit that guy wtf
game-hours: 607.7
review: Best chicken chasing simulator of 2014
game-hours: 493.7
review: This game has been planned perfectly. Gabe's plan has worked perfectly. I have unboxed around 2,400 cases so far and gotten 8 knives. I have spent around $13,000 on this game so far and still play like . I have played over 200 competitive matches and am still a Silver. Every matchmaking team I get is a team of Russians who like saying "" and have a grudge against Obama and have a microphone that sounds like a cat trying to gargle shards of glass. I will keep on unboxing cases, playing like a handicapped person, stay on Silver and keep buying expensive skins that apparently are supposed to make me better but don't. Because after all, Gabe is love, Gabe is life.
game-hours: 128.3
review: Bought this game for the storyline 10/10
game-hours: 1185.6
review: will never get a rank up. 10/10
game-hours: 2059.6
review: I did'nt played it that much. But Its Alright , I guess.
game-hours: 1461.0
review: I used this game to practice my bomb planting so that I wouldn't be nervous when trying out for ISIS. I made the group! 10/10 would practice with this simulator again.
game-hours: 112.5
review: It's like masturbating but with a glove on, its rough for the first couple times, but you get use to it after awhile. totally worth the redness.
game-hours: 282.5
review: "I'm not gonna be one of those case-opening addicts, it's ok to buy this game, especially on 50% sale wow" *200$ later...* "I bet I won't get a negev terrain on the next one" Screw this lovely game <3
game-hours: 83.5
review: Your #1 Russian teacher
game-hours: 820.5
review: You shoot people, sometimes they die, sometimes you die. 10/10 Also: Best country hate simulator.
game-hours: 1122.3
review: You can shoot people and stuff it's pretty fun I guess. Though one time a Russian dude said I smelled like cucumbers and it was very offputting. Also people make fun of my voice and ask me if I'm a girl, then proceed to add me on Steam and one man sent me a picture of his private parts. Was very awkward, but the game is very fun to play.
game-hours: 96.5
review: Its a game where I spend hours getting guy's loads sprayed all over my face and chest. Sometimes more then one guy at a time.
game-hours: 587.1
review: played counter-strike for 15 years, now I pay money to kill chickens , 11/10 would go KFC again
game-hours: 1638.0
review: this game ruined my life, i almost killed my mom during competitive because of russians and gabe took all of my money 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 944.5
review: Ruined my life and cost me over 200. 10/10 would recommend to friends and family
game-hours: 870.9
review: You can either be a hero and save chickens from the terrorists, or be the terrorists and strike fear into the chickens and make them explode. (Or be surrounded by people who rage at you for not getting the clutch.)
game-hours: 10.2
review: I can safely say that thanks to the Shamwow I have not had a spill that I could not get out. What a very great product!
game-hours: 2921.3
review: veri gud gaem plei evryday kill trrorists pew pew brep brep
game-hours: 544.8
review: You shoot people, and then you get shot back.
game-hours: 812.6
review: Weapon skins simulator ?... 11/10
game-hours: 19.8
review: CS:GO is a simulator of the well known computer game "Counter-Strike"
game-hours: 807.2
review: I didn't know what to write about in my review, so here's a recipe on how to play Counter-Strike: Global Offensive instead: 1 Overpriced branded gaming mouse (best results with Razer) 1 Overpriced branded gaming keyboard (best results with Razer) 1 Giant mouse pad 50cm+ (because who the  uses the imperial system) 1 144hz monitor (note: anything lower than 144hz will NOT work) 1 1/4 cups milk 1 Prebuilt Gaming computer (preferably one with a overpowered cpu and a  gpu *cough* ayy lmaolienware *cough* 3 cans of phresh memes Steps: 1. Set your screen ratio to 4:3 and to the lowest resolution possible so you can play like a pro 2. Buy a P90 and spam the keys A and D when shooting at someone 3. Reach Gold Nova 1 to make fun of silvers 5. Call everyone who is less skilled than you a filthy casual and a silver 6. Tell everyone who is more skilled than you to stop toggling and to go on a VACation 7. Steal your mum/dad's wallet and buy a knife and say you unboxed it. Optional University/College funds 8. Give up and go play on some Surf/Zombie servers 9. Realise there is no Step 4
game-hours: 436.6
review: kill entire enemy team defuser got mvp
game-hours: 532.5
review: Best Stalingrad Simulator 2014. Realistic war experience. Get matched with 4 russians while you are playing competitive. Learn some russian words and fight with your new friends for VICTORY! You just have to buy the uber P(ro)90 russian gun - Spray'n Pray! 9.5/10 Would play with my non-gay-russians again - Putin gg wp ez win
game-hours: 413.3
review: I drink Mountain Dew and eat Doritos for a 100% 360 MLG Headshot! Smoke weed for enhanced accuracy. You should try it too! #420 BLAZE IT
game-hours: 1822.5
review: I hate this game.
game-hours: 1418.0
review: Keep calm and blame it on lag
game-hours: 1654.4
review: Valve loves cheaters.
game-hours: 2650.4
review: At its core Global Offensive/Counter Strike is a brutal shooter which in its prime was probably the number one cause of broken Microsoft mouses. The emphasis on death is probably the only aspect of this series that has kept me around. It creates an atmosphere that games like Battlefield and Call of Duty hasn't been able to reproduce. On the outside Counter Strike looks like a simplistic shooter but the learning curve is steep and will challenge even the most seasoned FPS gamer. The game is simply tactful; its brilliant when youre alive and even when youre dead the game is still fun to watch other players. Global offensive is a competitive game and a casual one, although for casual gamers it's probably better to find community servers over Valve servers. There's a huge market place now for the items in CS:GO and not only that, there's third party websites and support for numerous other avenues these in-game items have created You will also find on Twitch CS:GO is consistently one of the most streamed games and boast numerous competitions, if you need any convincing watch a stream, watch a competitive match and see for yourself. This game is simply a must try and a game every gamer should have in their library. Overtime you can even make back the money spent on the game from the game itself.
game-hours: 329.3
review: I only got this game because everyone literally forced me to get it, so I got it, I played it. It was good in the beginning, until I started playing competitive, and why is that? Well as I walked into my first competitive match, I got into a match with 4 Russians on my team, and enemy team consisted of 3 Russians and 2 Americans that only spoke Russian. When the game started I walked 4 steps towards mid and got instantly sniped through doors, and that was a teammate! My team lost half their players before we met the enemy...So after that game I came to the conclusion that all the Russians wanted was to  my blyat. Pros: +Great maps, especially when they're filled with Russians! +I got A+ in Russian after owning this game for a week. +I can now insult my friends in Russian because they don't understand ! +I finally fit in(This review is more about my life than the actual game) Cons: -Russians, duh -Russians with guns! -democracy!!! -Screaming Russians -Not enough Russians I wonder how many dislikes I can get by saying this?
game-hours: 532.5
review: Chased a chicken for 30 seconds just to have an enemy player kill it. 9.2/10 would run after chicken again.
game-hours: 56.7
review: Maybe the only FPS where it truly boils down to a game of pure skill. No *t perks or kill streaks, no auto-turrets, no air strikes. If you want to win in Counter-Strike, you have to learn the maps, play smart, and have fast reflexes. Since you work for each and every kill, it's much more satisfying than other current gen shooters.
game-hours: 368.7
review: Makes you feel rich by just having a knife. 22/10 would play.
game-hours: 2774.1
review: its ok i guess
game-hours: 1127.4
review: 10/10 would watse $300 on keys again to only get a M4A4 Asiimove well worn.
game-hours: 855.7
review: "Plant plaaaant!!  noob" "Rush B!" "AIM bot reported!"
game-hours: 1213.8
review: This game is: 10% luck 20% skill 15% concentrated power of will 5% pleasure 50% pain 100% reason to purchase this game
game-hours: 745.3
review: it's better than porn.
game-hours: 1714.5
review: After buying this game,I don't have time to play my other games :(( Damn you Gabe ... 10/10
game-hours: 247.9
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 1376.5
review: Bots play better than me, nough said
game-hours: 1204.7
review: This game upsets me greatly on a daily basis, kicks me in the shins, steals all my money then runs away, would not recommend.
game-hours: 64.3
review: If i had a dollar for each time someone screamed at me in another language, i'd still have no money because i spent it on skins
game-hours: 103.9
review: Still Beter than the Call of duty
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.6
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2868.4
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 200.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 764.7
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 1469.3
review: Russian Logic in CS:GO. - Okay guys, go eco. * Russian guy buys an AWP without armor and no grenades - Okay, go A long. - ! *Russian guy shoots teammate in the face with a deagle and runs B alone with bomb.* 8/8 gr8 exprerience
game-hours: 587.0
review: Great game that can teach you many things such as: 1. The Russian language. 2. How to be a tough guy that is afraid of nothing behind a screen. 3. How to be racist and sexist. 4. How to be spoiled as . 5. How awesome it feels to shout through your microphone and giving invalid instructions while someone is trying to pull off a clutch. 6. How to be disappointed in human beings. 7. How to socialise in a civilised and calm manner (/s). And last but not least. How to be a complete  for no reason at all. Aside from that, if you're willing to ignore the aforementioned it can be a truly great game. It has many goals for you to achieve if you wish other than the obvious goal of getting the highest ranking possible. You could always aim to get that gorgeous weapon skin you always wanted potentially without spending any money at all. It is highly recommended you find a few people to play with as solo queue is extremely toxic, harsh and often rude, as in every other game that has competitive matchmaking. Having 4 people to play with can be extremely fun since you can easily bond together and have fun either you win or lose. It's a good game and I do recommend it as long as you're willing to ignore the (Admittedly plenty of) things that are wrong with this game. Even if you don't, it can easily be worth it if your skin is thick enough or you can utilise (If you got the balls really) self-deprecation humour.
game-hours: 209.6
review: Can't find a single game without smurfs ruining it. Fix matchmaking ffs
game-hours: 724.1
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a point and click simulation game, where you play as a travel agent who sends people to paradise.
game-hours: 1436.2
review: Really good game. Very simple, yet complex at the same time. For first time players: DO NOT let the game's recoil mechanics scare you away. It will take some time to get used to but once you do, it is a great game. PROS: [+] -Great community (COMPARED TO SOME OTHER GAMES) -Frequent updates -Tradable stuff -Source Engine means that players from GMod, CS 1.6/Source, etc. won't (or at least shouldn't) have a hard time adapting to new controls and physics. -VERY Competitive at higher levels -Tons of workshop files and tons of room to make your own skins and maps -Weapon skins -Multiple modes for casual or competitive and more -High FPS on almost any PC (great optimization) CONS: [-] -Skins can be expensive or worthless -Skins and cases can suck the money out of you if you let it -Recoil is not very easy to get used to -No aiming down sights (FOR NEW PEOPLE, CALM DOWN VETS) -Cooldowns can be handed out unfairly -Low graphic quality/detail compared to other games (IT IS SOURCE, CALM DOWN) -MP only (if you are reading this, you most likely have internet at home, THERE IS A BOTS ONLY OPTION) -Hackers do like to hack in competitive matches at higher levels -Callouts are not that easy to learn for beginners OVERALL: Get it. If it is on sale, CS:GO is an even better deal. The recoil was my biggest challenge at the start but just take some time to practice with bots. Perfect for traders, casual FPS players, competitive FPS players, and workshop content creators. RATING: 9.5/10
game-hours: 1005.7
review: basically >autism breeding ground >so many ing smurfs >much hack >fun if you enjoy anal >10/10 would kill a down syndrome child
game-hours: 480.1
review: When I reviewed Counter-Strike Source a few years ago, I called it things like "immortal" and "the definitive multiplayer FPS." The Awp is easily one of the most satisfying weapons in gaming. Quickscoping and noscoping can be a gamble - I really like the balance and precise feel of the Awp. The rest of the weapons feel really good - there is much more variety here: we are talking custom weapon skins and even a custom loadout for each team. This is one of the areas where CS:GO shines, and leaves its predecessors in the dark ages. Competitive matchmaking is one of the really nice features of Global Offensive. The game allows you to play in competitive matches based on your skill level rating. This is done similar to the matchmaking in Dota 2. While not perfect, I find the matchmaking to be pretty accurate - it is rarely a cakewalk. Always be wary of the player community for this game - this community has some sick and twisted people, tons of trolls, smack talkers, hack accusers, mic spammers, and cry babies, lol. Fortunately you can mute players, and if you are so inclined, can vote them off the game - nice! Trading and items drops are a fairly big part of the game as well. One of the neat things about the game is you can easily sell back your in game drops via Steam market and basically play this game for free or even profit from it. its insane, but some items sell for over $400 USD. CS:GO is on the rise reaching peaks near 300,000 players. There are huge tournaments played, and with each passing month the game sees positive growth. I think its safe to say this is the new "definitive multiplayer FPS"! 9/10
game-hours: 1015.6
review: Dear Counter-Strike Players, After a long period playing this game (~1000h) I think I have the advantage to write a better review than my last! First I want to say thank you Valve for making a nice game like Counter-Strike: Global Offensive! BUT: There are some things Valve has to change really fast! 1. Cheating: There are more and more cheaters every fu***** day! The VAC-System isn't as save as it should be! I hope Valve is working on it! 2. DDOS-ing: I think the Valve-Servers should be very save, but then there is the DDOS-ing! How is it able to get the IPs from your opponents this fast and DDOS them! Please fix the Serversecure! 3. Smurfing: Through all those Steamsales you get more and more smurfs! Highranks buying a new account to play against lowranks and get really horny about it! I think they should make an IP-Based system where the rank is linked to the IP or something like this! 4. Patches: Patch after patch, the game is getting worse! They nerf every weapon till the weapon isn't playable anymore! With the maps you have the same problem! 5. Serverproblems (also Steamserver): Steam and Valve aren't able to fix their serverproblems, so the game isn't playable because of laggs and disconnects! Also the cooldown you can get is very unfair! This is fu***** s***! 6. Community: The community isn't as good as I hoped. Most of the people are pretty unfriendly. Over all: Counter-Strike isn't playable anymore! And the higher the rank the more hackers you get! Please fix the things I listed above and make the game playable again! And I know that Valve can't fix the community, but I hope the community will get better! PS: I'm from Germany, so there are maybe some spelling mistakes!
game-hours: 592.9
review: Remember, No Russian.
game-hours: 756.3
review: I've wasted over 200 hours of my pathetic life on this  game. Its not even fun its the exact same thing over and over again. Just like my life. Anyway, you can get new skins. Also, instead of fixing hitboxes, weapons, and servers, Valve released new summer skins, so while you get ed in the head you can inspect your weapon. Also, every single game I join I get called  for how I sound, and god forbid that you actually want to have fun. This game, will want to make you rethink your puny existince on this galaxy, and about how you are spending it shooting the same  over and over. New Stat Traks thoo####### Cant even spell Track right the ing . 10/10 Would try to kill myself again Thx Valve UPDATE I have now.... 542 hours in this game. I have wasted another 300 hours of my life, with this thing going on in my head. Now now, I know what you may be thinking. 300 hours? There surely must be some improvements with this game between then and now. HahahahahHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAA I just got banned, for no being able to reconnect to a match. Not my fault, I was online, everything was going swell. DANDY. Until it kicked me out, and banned me. I final  shot in the eye. This game....has ruined my entire life. I could of done so much with my life, been something, but csgo took my lifes goals. I couldnt balance it out. This game grasps you by your balls, brings you to your knees, shoots its load in your mouth, then makes you feel like a piece of  swallowing One thing when you are playing this game to remember is that, it is never VALVES fault. It is always your fault. Everything in this game is well designed, elaborate, and rich, with team based elements. That is until you actually play the game. Then you realize everyone is as big of a ing  as you are. I hate this game, it ruined my life, it ruined my dreams, it ruined me. I never want to play this game again, I never want to see it again. I want to bury it under six feet of dirt. LOL @ ZOMBYE CHICKENS LOLOLOLOLOL HAHAH MASKS thats GR8 I can feel Like A VILLIAN DANKS VALVE. I have no reason to live anymore. 10/10 would reccomend if masochist, depressed, suicidal, or a GIANT.....ING.....LOSER Or if ur like me, and all of the aboVE.
game-hours: 2110.5
review: I bought cs:go for the storyline and the mmo feeling i haven't had since World of Warcraft.A few people ask me how the hell i speak russian and what is the fastest way to learn it.The answer is obivious... CS:GO!This is the game where you can enjoy all of your fetishes including tea-bagging,flaming noobs,being noob,singin with your mentally disabled polish friends,planting bombs with arabian guys and the best of all .... CHICKENS!!!!Of course there are chickens even on the nucler plant, planty of chickens.Ohh and the best in the game the totally fair matchmaking system that helps you find the best russian mates only on dust2 just for you in your skillgroup.Sometimes you even find players with mental skills over a 5 year old baby.Ohh and you can meet traders (Jews of steam) and scammers (Gypsies of steam) they are always the most trustable people you can ever meet on this globe so far.Every minute you invest into this amazing game enchance your not existing skill and accuary to make you one of the worst silver that universe ever seen.I wish good luck for this really great game i can only recommend it for others for such a lot of great reasons ^^ . It's still one of the best games out there so go and buy it guys ;) Good bye :D - Titantiger/Jega5
game-hours: 94.2
review: Lose Faith In Humanity Simulator 2014
game-hours: 740.7
review: "420/10 not as good as skyrim its alright i guess though" -#IGN
game-hours: 1455.0
review: The worst Matchmaking in gaming history...
game-hours: 928.7
review: 101/10. would go AFK again.
game-hours: 655.6
review: This game is far better than Call of Duty
game-hours: 272.0
review: .
game-hours: 1460.1
review: Best game ever since cs 1.6.
game-hours: 152.4
review: You shoot people and stuff
game-hours: 627.3
review: This game is truly amazing. Launching it is like a gateway drug, to more Counter Strike. If you want some tense, nervewracking clutch situations, Competitive is for you, but be warned; Silvers will do the most messed up tactics, call you a hacker if you see them or kill them, or if you even win a game, i never knew how many 12 year olds had ed so many people's mums there is not enough lifevests left. However, there are some good community servers too, full with Surf, HS Deathmatch, Jailbreak, BHop etc. which is good until you meet the admins, 90% of admins are 12 year old donators who abuse the  out of their power
game-hours: 440.1
review: This game has a feature were you can turn $2.50 into 10! Then you bet that 10 skin you just got on CSGO lounge to try and make your money back, but then lose the bet. Outraged you decide to buy another key, hoping that this will make up your money by pulling a knife, only to find that you got another 10 skin. Hundreds of dollars later, finally you think you have learnt your lesson, to not buy keys and decide to buy a skin straight off the market for full price. Being still resonably new to the game, you click the unknown link, unaware of what is going on, you later realise that you have been scammed. Thats right that skin you bought, more expensive then the game, and all 10 skins you have purchased for $2.50 are gone. Outraged once again, you start this process all over, this time knowing the chances of you pulling a knife and making your money back are extremely, slim, but you feel that this will be the one, lol nope get rekt son, 69 skin.
game-hours: 1221.7
review: Since i started to play counter strike global offensive a new world opened for me! With all the tactics i learned from this game life has become easier for me. Whenever i'll go running im sure to take a knife with me so i can run even faster then i usually do! I made a fake bomb and painted an A on the floor in the living room. Whenever i come out of the shower i wrap my towel around my head and pretend to be a terrorist. I pick up the bomb i made and run around in my house. When i reach the living room i plant it on the "A" side and make some beeping sounds. Sometimes my dog gets close to me when i plant and he starts to lick my rectal opening. I think this is just one of the side effects of playing this game. My family thinks i'm crazy and my girlfriend left me because of it. This game has become life for me and i don't know what i should do without it. Thank you Gaben, i accept you as my lord and saviour. Gaben is love, Gaben is life.
game-hours: 918.2
review: "go play call of duty, this game's not 4 u" - GabeN
game-hours: 1379.0
review: Ye nice game <3
game-hours: 1216.4
review: Bought game Played game Got killed by a russian Kicked the russian Got banned 5/5 would play again if werent banned for 7 days.
game-hours: 2254.4
review: Damage given 99 in 1 Damage given 67 in 6 Damage given 98 in 5 Damage given 91 in 1 Damage given 16 in 1
game-hours: 906.8
review: First Off... Im not sure when Trolls, Smurfs, and Hacks began to become the norm, but the game is broken. They put it on sale for 5.00. Kids buy it just to hack it. Valve knows, they dont care. And all we do is BUY BUY BUY skins. I mean 400.00 for a knife skin? WTF?!??!!? Didnt we used to be able to get those for free? The guys hacking have a customer service number to call if they cant set it up correctly. Hacking is Big Business. They took 12 name tags from me, all because of 1 off-color gun name. Meanwhile, vulgarity far worse than my gun name, is allowed to cheat, troll, and make the game unplayable. Because its funny to watch people get pissed. And valve does nothing but put the game on sale. And kids, Rememer. When you tell ghame developers that your ok with paying 65.00 + 35 or 50 for the "season pass". You set what the market will bear. Thus making games MORE expensive for us, and limiting how much fun you can really have with it. Cuz if you cant afford the season pass.. you dont get all that content. CSGO is setting an example of how to take all of your customers money, and make them happy they did it. Maybe they put it on sale so that you can afford to have 3 copies of they game. 1 for rank, 1 for smurfing, and 1 for hacking...
game-hours: 1983.2
review: Best FPS game ever!
game-hours: 957.1
review: It's Best first person shooter game available on Steam. Community is very much active and game is updating every month and so. Good official servers and support. Awesome. Better graphics, new guns that have been update from CSS, and the game itself is similar to CSS, which in my opinion is a great thing and it's only $15. Overall Great game.
game-hours: 655.9
review: Years of playing overrated AAA shooting games with lens flares, blood on the corners of your vision, and blue everything have since taken me away from the good old primative day of filling in the shoes of generic swat teams fighting generic terrorists; of which both groups lack the ability to look down the sights of all but a few weapons. Then I found Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. Being set eight years after the events of the previous game, there are noticeable changes brought upon by the passage of time. For example, the cognitive ability of hostages have further decreased to the point where they can't walk on their own. Moreover, both the terrorists and counter-terrorists adpoted new-found language ability. Finally, as we've evolved from the black and white days to being able to see the world in color, the world of Source has evolved drasticly in it's graphics in the eight-year gap between games. Among the new things introduced are atom-wide ledges, birds of superavian strength, and a modernized Russian train station which pays tribute to the skillful, fun to play with, and polite players of the Motherland. Finally, Counter Strike: Global Offensive has gone above and beyond the expectations of being an emergant AAA title by introducing an economy system that teaches rich naive kids the harshness of the post-2008 economy. Bravo. I've only played a bit of it but I will reward this game with a 9/10 for it's advanced chicken AI and the hyper-realistic sounds they make when you caress them with knifes in a fashion akin to spreading butter.
game-hours: 549.7
review: A really hard one. could barely give this game a positive review but... Score is 0:10. All of the team buys auto snipers. Score is 8:10.       !!!! Dust 2. T side, I buy an AWP. a guy gets in the scope while i shoot. I got a 7 day ban.       !!!! I clicked "Accept" for a competitive. i Alt-Tabbed. The game crashed and i didnt even notice. I got a 7 day ban.       !!!! Israel vs Cyprus. Israeli players are playing since 1.6 came out. Israel lost to cyprus 0:2, didnt even play the third map.         Entered competitive. got a team with 1 russian. 1 guy from donetsk. 2 ukrainians. they started to fight about who doesnt water and electricity. they called each other nazis. they called me a jew. they started to fight on who doesnt have democracy. we lost 1:16.       !!!! I played a competitive with a friend. we got 2 syrians. they told my friend to uninstall CS:GO and called him a zionist.  !  !     ! I entered a server in Saudi Arabia. Got kicked because im from israel.  !  !     ! A guy was annoyed because we had a noob team. he kept shooting me and killed me 2 times. i told him that he should continue and that it doesnt hurt. He got a 7 day ban.       !!!! A guy got a perma ban from all CS:GO servers in front of my eyes.       !!!! When you are a silver, you are more likely to play with global elite smurfs. When you are global elite, you are more likely to play with cheaters.       !!!!
game-hours: 756.5
review: CS:GO The fastest way to learn Russian 9.9/10
game-hours: 14.7
review: pew pew pew bang bang bang ratatatatatata BOOM simulator.
game-hours: 1515.4
review: Worth every penny and agonizing moment of depression.
game-hours: 561.7
review: A great game for all who think their self-esteem is too high and needs to be taken down a notch (all the way)
game-hours: 41.4
review: CS:GO is very realistic, the biggest similarity with real life being the fact that they both suck balls. Also, don't forget to buy our keys for only $2.49 for a chance to get a gun with a texture made in GIMP in 5 minutes that makes it look like a Hot Wheels toy.
game-hours: 652.5
review: i make money from virtual skins 10/10
game-hours: 1193.9
review: Just perfect FPS game. If you've played Counter Strike before, Global Offensive probably sounds a whole lot like Counter-Strike and for me killing in Global Offensive makes me feels good. This game has the best chicken al of gaming history xD
game-hours: 1300.7
review: This is why i don't have a life. 10/10 would binge again
game-hours: 801.4
review: I really like this game, some of the stuff needs to get fixed. Like, the problem with Russian Speaking BOTs in matchmaking. I feel like it's a very weird glitch and it happends very often. Otherwise I really enjoy this game, 10/10
game-hours: 225.6
review: Got banned for 7 days for killing a troll once who killed 2 people prior (needless to say he didn't get banned). i put over 50 into this game and valve just  on my face for it.  You Valve you . 10/10 Flawless banning system.
game-hours: 316.1
review: I love this game! If you decide to buy this game here's 10 Tips: 1) Your ears are your eyes. 2) Echo = Eco 3) AVP = AWP 4) Top left you have radar. Learn to use it. 5) The guns have rubber barrels so when you hold the trigger for more than 3 shots, the bullets will go all over the screen. 6) P90 was crafted by Gods so it's users are not hackers. 7) If you have the bomb, sit behind your team like a good dog. 8) The game's secret name is Counter-Strike: Dust 2. 9) Competitive is the main game mode but there are other modes for your little kids too! 10) If you easily get brain cancer just from losing one match STAY AWAY FROM COMPETITIVE! you psycho! P.S. I'm not a doctor.
game-hours: 319.9
review: Great game but the community ruins it.
game-hours: 1.6
review: Steam just offered to write a review for CS: GO. I don't own CS: GO and haven't played it, but who could say no to Gabe Almighty? So don't be like me, play your games before reviewing them.
game-hours: 2663.3
review: It's ok I guess.
game-hours: 232.9
review: CSGO is the international Soviet Communication System (SCS) and it was built by Vladimr Putin himself to give russians a communication system to talk with each other! Oh, and also by this so called GAME we got to know that russians are s running around and screaming how pathetic everyone exept other russians are. This game is about Putin/10    . And of course i recommend this game lol it has RUSSIANS!!!
game-hours: 1600.0
review: Would my review really help you to buy this game? I Hate this game but its addicting._.
game-hours: 3302.4
review: Volvo fix it please ;d
game-hours: 1893.3
review: Probably the best Shooter you will find.
game-hours: 192.7
review: The game itself is good, however, the community sucks.
game-hours: 784.1
review: This game is so salty you could die any second...
game-hours: 216.7
review: It's got a toxic community that will make you literally want to punch a hole in a foreigner's face. It's got its own economy full of scammers. It's got a betting industry addictive enough to bleed you dry of all your skins. It's got ban mechanics that make you regret not waiting a week for your last ban to cool off. It's got shooting mechanics that require immense skill and will test your patience just as much as Hotline Miami. It's CS:GO and it gives everyone that plays it anger problems. And yet we all still play it. Why? Because it's too bloody good at making us want to jump back into a competitive match and improve.
game-hours: 920.5
review: Man this game is the greatest FPS around nobody does it better than this!! The creators and all around leader in multiplayer team and tactics shooter there is.... PERIOD.
game-hours: 341.0
review: Honestly, whether you can aim or not is irrelevant. The TRUE definition of skill is your ability to argue with everyone. people being put into 5v5 teams is just to create the illusion of a team game. It's actually 1v1v1v1v1v1v1v1v1v1. Whoever rustles the most jimmies wins. Also just like to add that the Russians are currently dominating at this sport at the moment.
game-hours: 722.9
review: Blame everything on the tick rate or lag.
game-hours: 180.0
review: High potential, but that's about it. -Worst community of any game I have seen in my 20 years -Regular players just  about how matchmaking and the like suck all the time -Ridiculous amount of scammers for pathetically expensive skins -Joining servers is still the same as it was a decade ago -Hardly fleshed out at all, including competitive -Encourages kids to throw their parents money at the wall -Getting into the game is nigh-impossible with incredibly unwelcoming casual community, and incredibly elitist competitive community -Why do the characters hands look ? -Every update makes the game stutter like crazy for some people. +Great physics and maps. If you buy this game don't take it seriously or you'll end up sad, confused, and devoid of money I have 4000 hours in garry's mod but at least I got laid because of it
game-hours: 857.6
review: The most Skill-Based FPS in my opinion. If you're good in it you'll be good in almost every other FPS game.
game-hours: 348.2
review: Knife in real life: 9$ Knife in game: 100$+ 11/10
game-hours: 1157.5
review: Great game, nice skins overall and the game is pretty fun but there is one thing that I have to complain about and that's server tick. Competitive servers use 64 tick servers and esports use 128 tick servers. This causes more lag and a slightly difference in aiming. 64 Tick servers seem to be off (for me) my cursor is on them and the shots do not connect (Ping is fine and under 50). I would still recommend this game to friend. P.S - Stop putting this game on sale it's the cause of mass hackers and smurds (Not a typo) Smurfing nerds. <3 Pros: - Nice Gun Skins - In Game Voice Chat - In Game Item Drops - Competitive Scene Cons: - On Sale Often (Allows more cheater and smurf accounts) - Server Tick 64 (Could be 128 and valve has the money)
game-hours: 39.1
review: Looks and feels very similar to the older games in the series. You can still have fun even if you're not the best player with the competitive matchmaking system; You'll get grouped with people around the same skill level as you and the system seems to work pretty well. The game goes on sale for less than $7.50 frequently so there really is no excuse not to try it out!
game-hours: 612.2
review: Counter Strike Global Offensive is a worthy successor of Counter Strike 1.6: - The graphics are great - It has all the good old maps - Fun gameplay - New guns - Sound-quality and weapon-models are better - Over 50.000 items and maps on Workshop This is the best Counter Strike imo. 10/10*
game-hours: 1118.1
review: Buy P90 + kevlar and helmet, some flashes and you are ready to go for Global Elite.
game-hours: 742.3
review: Best competetive "guess where hitbox is", "99 in 16 hits" and crate opening simulator for true MLG players. You have beautiful classic 10x10 metres square maps to test your tactical genius, truely realistic feeling of shooting with airsoft weapons with stunning purple camo and banana stickers on them. Will i eco or will i buy after lost pistol round? It doesn't matter because at "master guardian elite" level and below your teammates will buy and die anyway and there's nothing you can do about it, since they're speaking on horrific Lovecraftian languages. Good thing skill levels make a difference and ELO works in team games, right? You just have to reach Global Elite or train your real life friends in special camps for 5 years to have competent teams and enjoyable rounds. You can play on Dust 2, Mirage or Cache, because search for other maps takes forever, which is good because these legitimate tournament maps don't reward people for " krisa" gameplay. Weapon spray act just like it should: it works in preprogrammed pattern so you must remember spray of every weapon if you want to kill , because if you just sit with ak and shot static target right in the head, you might actually miss! It aint 1.6 anymore, scrub! It works kinda like japaneze Touhou games: you play for 100 hours to remember every pattern and then you're good to go to play on  competetive servers where hitboxes travel in outer space and none of it actually matters. Anti-cheat system works like a charm! People can just buy csgo gift for 1 dollar at some web service, other guys can exchange it for a crate that drops every now and then, play 10 games with wh and aim and get up to "distinguished master guardian" just in 4 hours or less. Then you will be delighted to play against them as they rush middle at dust 2 making 5 headshots as fast as rmb can be pressed. But no worries! Since VAC doesn't work properly, developers added Community Overwatch where you can spent up to 10 minutes looking at some guy running at light speeds with negev spinning like a yoyo killing everything! Without even slightest reward or weapon skins you like so much you can do developers' job at cleaning off the cheaters! As for the graphics, since Source they added motion blur.
game-hours: 667.9
review: This game tought me that: -Killing chikens worths the same as killing terrorists -Everyone can be Russian -Terrorsits get Dollar for killing Americans -It doesn't matter, if you win or lose, you get money anyways -You can be noob because of anything -You can be kicked for everything -Giving headshots means you're a hacker -Getting headshots means you're a noob -The guy with the least points gets drops -12 years old will  your mother -P90 is op -Scar20 is op -A+ on Russian exam 110/10
game-hours: 2129.7
review: Once you go into skins world you never come back. 7/10 because of bugs P.S: DON'T BUY SKINS.
game-hours: 208.6
review: It's okay
game-hours: 640.9
review: FaZe Clan would get rekt by a Silver 2. 10/10 - I can make CoD kiddies ragequit and get banned for a week
game-hours: 717.4
review: It's surely the best CS so far, if you can overlook the fact that competitive matchmaking ranks mean nearly nothing, as well as if you can deal with being kicked and consequentially put in matchmaking cooldown by a team of four people. You can also invest few thousands of dollars to buy fancy weapons. A good game in the end, but only if you play it with friends.
game-hours: 736.3
review: This is a honest review of the game Counter Strike Global Offensive or CSGO. Lets just start off by saying that previous counter strike games really have been amazing. Now CSGO is the newest installment in the series. What seems and is a fun game is plauged with problems. Lets start off by the community. The CSGO community is one of the most toxic communities out there just as bad as the Dota2 Community. They will put down new players, troll and just overall have BM while playing the game. Really valve does nothing to punish "Griefers" and others so the trolling will never really end. Another Problem is hackers. Hackers plauge the world of csgo at all ranks and skill levels. Some may be blatant and some may be more conservative. Point is that valve has really not done anything to fight hackers. VAC sucks and takes weeks to ban a hacker, while overwatch has been implemented its a time consuming process that cant always be accurate. Because of the low price of the game hackers can make endless accounts and continue to feed valve the 15 dollars for csgo so that they can continue to ruin other peoples time. Valve really has ignored the community in many ways aswell. Not implementing 128 tick servers, adding stupid stuff like Music intros to players and not doing productive things like fixing exploits or overpowered things like grenade tagging. A massive problem is also skins. They may look pretty but they ruin the game. Now I understand that valve will never take skins out of the game because it is a massive amount of revenue for them. But skins really only lead to professional players throwing matches... Nothing can really be done about this as much as the big Orgas (organizations) try to stop it from happening. Players will find a way to do it and will throw for skins when competing in small tournaments. Smurfs are considered a problem by some but I see no feaseable way to stop them so I will not be talking about that. Surrendering is also an issue. Teams playing competitive matchmaking can surrender a game but only IF one of the players decides to sacrifice himself and abandon the match getting a cooldown. When playing against a hacker in addition to getting aimbotted time after time 1 player must be punished for abandoning the match in order for the team to forfeit. This game CAN be good but valve is not doing what they need to do to fix the issues and instead adds their cash grabs to the game. The issues will persist and more and more players will leave the game. This game had great potential and is fun at first until you play enough. Then you ake notice and you wait for every patch that is supposed to fix things just to see that it is a new set of skins for some new stupid collection. Today I will be leaving CSGO maybe not forever but until they fix their issues I will not be coming back. TLDR: Great game with TONS of issues that valve gives zero s about. Rating 3/10
game-hours: 364.5
review: .............//).............(\`\ ............/....//..............\\....\ .........../....//................\\....\ .....//..../\............./`\....\`\.. .././.../..../..../.|_......_|.\....\....\...\.\.. (.(....(....(..../.)..)....(..(.\....)....).....).) .\................\/.../....\...\/................/ ..\................. /........\................../ ....\..............(............)............../ ......\.............\.........../............./
game-hours: 133.6
review: Do not open cases, for the love of god. You see that you have $5+ on your steam account. You feel the urge that you will get "an exceedingly rare special item" You spend $2.50 and open a case. Tick tick tick..... It stops on a blue gun. You feel this depression, but also this rush going to your head. You decide to spend another $2.50 believing that this special key is the one to get you "an exceedingly rare special item". Tick tick tick... time slows down as the line scrolls past multiple useless gun skins. You see it.... Time stops and you look at that beautiful Yellow Circle. Somehow, you manage to calculate the rate at which the line is travelling to determine if it will land on the yellow circle. You can also apparently have a very large IQ during this short time frame. You heart starts to beat much quicker, you know that it's going to land. You know you can finally brag to your friends that you got a knife from a case. You are so excited you almost knock the glass off the table... But your whole life flips upside down... You realise you failed Physics in High School and that your calculations were completely off. You see it... The line stopped 1 tick away from your beautiful Factory New Stat trak Karambit | Fade. You see that cursed Mil-Spec Skin worth 7c on the Steam Market. You press the Power button on your computer and walk over to your bed. You lie down and close your eyes, tears running down your face. You then overdose on Wizz Fizz and commit Sodoku 11/10 A must buy
game-hours: 2546.5
review: top game
game-hours: 430.5
review: I bought this Game with 3.75.But the skins cost me more than 375. Counter-ers: Skins Offensive.
game-hours: 3043.7
review: Where virtual knives cost more than real ones.
game-hours: 250.1
review: poke your head out, come on poke your head out, boom headshot have been on the giving and receiving end of that 10/10 would poke my head out again
game-hours: 45.7
review: !)
game-hours: 239.1
review: Probably the most realistic gambling simulator on the market right now, 10/10.
game-hours: 348.1
review: Joined a comp game Got in to a russian team Was the best 1 of the team They called me  and noob 10/10
game-hours: 640.1
review: This game is like doing cocain. When you first start it doesn't seem very appealing, and maybe it hurts a little. But then you experence this rush, and you have to have more. And the more you do it the better you are at it. You know it's taking up all your time, and you try to stop. But the game exits, and you stare at your desktop. A tear falls from your face as you hit "play" again. 10/10 would get addicted
game-hours: 44.5
review: Teamkill - BAN ON 7 DAYS Frequent vote on kick - BAN ON 7 DAYS Friendly fire, accidentally - BAN ON 7 DAYS IN', STUPID SYSTEM'S BAN Good game!
game-hours: 3083.2
review: I guess it's okay.
game-hours: 162.8
review: i meen iz ok its kind of a rip off of coutner strike source tho lol wtf valcve? getting lazy now that gaben has o much money
game-hours: 320.0
review: Competitive, fun, and a nice break from....shudder.....call of duty.
game-hours: 1668.0
review: a lot of chikens
game-hours: 202.4
review: IF YOU DIE IN THE GAME, YOU DIE FOR REAL!
game-hours: 142.8
review: Kill all the chickens!!!!!!
game-hours: 5490.9
review: Excellent team tactical shooter. The 5vs5 Competitive Matchmaking is the best part and can deliver hours of fun with your friends.
game-hours: 222.2
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a ing hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a ing hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a ing noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a ing hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you ing idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a ing idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you ing idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a ing coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you ing idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You ing camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You ing camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You ing hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you ing serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosing and you are in last - Someone vote to kick you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Your team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban The RAGE Simulator is REAL
game-hours: 121.1
review: Overall a really good game, played it a lot and even got 3 buddy's that normally doesn't play FPS to like it.. But old fashion games that still prefer 1.5/.1.6 may think its been too smooth ad pretty. 10/10
game-hours: 288.6
review: >Starts de_dust2:Global Offensive >Opens case >Wants asiimov >Gaben gives us Nova | Sand Dune >end 10/10 would never open a case again
game-hours: 470.7
review: Too many cheaters
game-hours: 441.4
review: Imagine, after playing a game for almost 13 years, watching it evolve, get better, finding skills to be better than the average pub player, then the ultimate version of the game comes out, it allows for competitive ranked play at the touch of the button, you practically explode with joy, and you play, and you tweak , you find the right mouse sensitivity , you learn the guns, you learn from your mistakes , you play with friends good and bad, and then you notice during a competitive ranked game that 3 members on the other team or hacking, speed hacks, hacks that dont register direct hits, even killshots can be ignored,players using programs and hardware to intentionally lag themselves back behind corners...you feel like all that hardwork you put into the game has become worthless, you feel let down by the people who brought you the only franchise you've ever put over 2000 hours of your life into, you justifably feel cheated. And thats why i can't reccomend this game, its great, it really is, but the best part of it isn't secure from the same hacks that have been used for so long, it's heartbreaking .valve you dropped the ball, please secure your servers.
game-hours: 5.1
review: "It's like call of duty with guns" - IGN
game-hours: 791.7
review: I have no mercy for the chickenz.
game-hours: 2580.9
review: This game is the successor to the original counter-strike aka CS 1.6. Ignore counter-strike: condition zero, and counter-strike: source, both those games never blew up as competitively as CS 1.6, and CS:GO. This game takes tons of practice, and patience. Nobody can just start off doing well, you might be decent if you can aim, but there are so many factors that come into play determining your skill level compared to your opponents. All of the above is true except for when I said nobody can start off doing well, I am one of the rare exceptions where I just dominate everything. I never lose, and have yet to lose. Maybe someone can tell me how it feels to lose. This game isn't fun as much for me anymore, because I never lose.
game-hours: 618.5
review: You will rage... A lot.
game-hours: 2201.7
review: Counter Strike Global Offensive in itself is a good game. We are getting frequent updates from the devs and the player count keeps increase. Rather than writing a lengthy summary of my opinions of the game I have decided to break it down into two groups of bullet points. **The Good** * High skill ceiling but easy to start FPS * Lots of fun to play with friends / make new friends * Many of the guns are viable unlike previous versions * Devs connect with the community and gradually make tweaks and ingame changes after deliberation. **Needs Improvment** * Visibility (HDR / Bloom are locked down unlike prior versions). * Upgraded anti cheat (too many hackers in higher elo MM). * Movement and accuracy modifications. * Some guns need further tweaking (Deagle / P90) * Valve servers need lower VAR / higher tickrate * **Overall Rating ** 8.5 / 10
game-hours: 1044.7
review: 8/8
game-hours: 202.5
review: When Counter Strike: GO came out it wasn't very good, and the online servers was quite dead. But after a year of updates the game have become really good! I knew Valve and the team behind cs wouldn't let the cs fans down. Counter strike GO offers different gamemodes, improved graphics and overall options, a ranking system for those interested and a good variety of maps and weapons! The competitive scene have grown, and I think thats great. Unlike some other FPS, cs requires skill and training. When the game came out you couldn't customize the weapons very much, but now thats possible, with thousands of badass looking skins and stuff. CS:GO is really cheap compared to most competitors, so Im recommending it without doubt.
game-hours: 494.7
review: Dont play at 3 am theres asians and russians
game-hours: 1133.8
review: I mean it's okay i guess
game-hours: 135.1
review: PLEASE READ BEFORE VOTING THIS DOWN I cannot recommend it because this game destroys people. It's a good game but at a terrible cost. No, Im not some anti-gaming freak, I love games. But truth said, this is a great game, but it will kill you inside. Matchmaking is well made so you usually get paired with equal to average of your team. When it's easy and you wreck havoc, it's too easy, boring, unsatisfying. If it's challenging and hard, or you're loosing, you keep worrying about your stats, skill and rank. You are either bored and dissatisfied or stressed and angry. Either at yourself or the rest of your team(that other happens more often). If you live in europe, this game will only make you racist. You will hate on every person that cannot speak english or your very own language for not being able to communicate with you, or refusing to communicate with you. Maybe at first you wont experience all that by playing casual where people usually don't care, but once you try competetive, you look at casual with disgust. The better you get, the more hateful towards other players you will be. You will not remember how bad you used to be, you will hate all the noobs, skrubs and casuals. You will judge people by their skins, weapons of choice and headshot ratio. Everyone you dislike will be labeled as cheater. Where is the fun in all this, I ask? You can be proud of yourself when you win, or survive in an action where you were meant to die, but each and every accomplishment you'll get will make you crave for more, and at one point you won't feel much from winning, but you will feel a lot from loosing.
game-hours: 431.5
review: Comparing with CS:Source,we can no more spray erotic pictures in game. Instead,we have splendid weapon skins. If you become the last survivor of your team,don't be nervous,even facing 5.Just gently press your fade F,then you can guarantee everyone on your side is watching you showing off your sparkling invaluable knife. There's no noob in the world,just elegantly push your likeable F,then everything is alright. In order to keep youself brilliant,you would buy as many cases and keys as you can afford. If you don't have so much money,work for it.If you don't have so much time to work,go rob a bank. If you finally got arrested,at least you had tried your best to chase your dream and guard your faith. Go f()()() the game,and just admire your collection. Enjoy yourself in Counter-Strike:Skinner Box. 10/10 /Would touch F again and again
game-hours: 707.9
review: Communication 10/10 Rage 10/10 Calling Someone As Hacker 10/10 Crying 10/10 Lovely Competitive Teams 10/10 I cant find anything to say.... BEST MMORPG I EVER PLAYED 11/10
game-hours: 1176.8
review: I grew up on the series. Love and hate, but it always had some magic and made me come back. When I got the opportunity to play the CS:GO closed beta it was amazing. Top notch stuff, guns had a great feel back then, no stupid stickers or skins, no failed updates. Even the final product released a year ago was good. Since the introducing of the skins, performance went to the drain (bear in mind the Source engine is 10 years old now), stability is a word of a past and the COD effect among newcomers is at an all-time high. This is not even remotely satisfying. If you find 1.6 or CSS dear, DON'T SWAP! Otherwise, you will live to regret it. You'll become a twisted shadow of your former self, incapable of gaming on that proper level ever again when you go back out of frustration. The number of cheaters and the way the support/dev team does not care about this product - makes me want to vomit. WELCOME TO COMMUNITY TESTED PAYED BETA! 7.10.14 Update: If your behinds hurt, I feel sorry for you. Focus on getting them random headshots we all get but never admit. And no, I do not mean the ones that kill us, but the ones that we frag mid air, mid run which should not even happen. But yes, you call that skill, cause it hurts the ego.
game-hours: 1422.0
review: I love Counter Strike but actually they're too many Hackers on Competitive. Special "Holiday" Offers ruined this game too, Hackers just buy new copies and create new accounts. you can play Competitive till rank "Gold Nova Master", its just a hacker party after this. Please Valve, invest some Money for a new anti cheat.
game-hours: 519.1
review: Best Game Ever 10/10 You're Either a Hacker or a Noob.
game-hours: 1084.2
review: The best program for learning Russian at this price on the market!
game-hours: 509.4
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a ing hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a ing hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a ing noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a ing hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you ing idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a ing idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you ing idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a ing coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you ing idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You ing camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You ing camper!!" Run out and get urself killed when there is 2 secs left- Nooooooooooob Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You ing hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you ing serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosing and you are in last - Someone vote to kick you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Your team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban Kill too many team-mate- u b****y idiot Thx Mistah J....... i just added some more stuff in. If u wanna be in rage? Get this game cos its Rage simulator 2014
game-hours: 82.1
review: This game has become a great FPS in my library. I played a CS mod many, many years ago (Tactical Ops: Assualt on Terror) and loved it always wanted to play it online but never could at that time. I finally bought Global Offensive and I've been impressed everything I was expecting and much more. It's a simple FPS with different modes search and destroy, hostange rescue, TDM, and more. I will give you the warning, it's very difacult to be good at this game. The level of compitition is great. I honestly can go into a game and suck and have fun or light up the scores and still have fun. I typically play just competitive matches where it's a 30 round game first team to 16 round wins wins the match. It varies by map as to which game mode you play and in each round you only get one life. Sounds hard right? Exactly! Competitive is a blast. I highly recomend this game if you like FPS and like playing online. Use stradegy, play with friends, play with strangers and remember DO NOT PLAY THIS WITHOUT HEADPHONES IF IN PUBLIC PLACE! "The bomb has been planted is not something you want heard outloud. Just saying. My rating 9.5/10 very awesome game!
game-hours: 3453.4
review: It's ok
game-hours: 616.8
review: You can buy cosmetic gun skins for $2500-5000, thus going bankrupt in the process. 11/10 would bankrupt again.
game-hours: 1058.5
review: Basic Gameplay You play as either a Counter-Terrorist or a Terrorist, both of which are deployed into a battlefield and each round are giving a small allowance to purchase weapons of their choice. You can make extra money by winning rounds or you could also hold a knife up to the enemy demanding their money, Although that would be risky since the enemy would likely just to shoot you. On the Terrorist team your goal is to plant and explosive near some uhhm.. important boxes?. Anyway, once plant wait You patiently for it to explode. As a Counter-terrorist you must eliminate all the Terrorist forces OR defuse the bomb, thus Protecting those ever important boxes from certain destruction. Being a honourable opponent, Terrorists are sure to set the bomb timer just long enough to give the Ct's the chance to Slaughter the remaining T's, and defuse the bomb. I'll list some positive/negative attributes of this game here. Positive attributes : - Matchmaking - Teaches children the harsh reality of gambling (although some never seem to learn even after $500 later) - Ranks - Cool looking skins - Fast growing population of players - Fat stacks of loot dropped somewhat often - Chickens - High replay value - Deathmatch game type (I could go into more detail on negative parts of it, but that would make this review too long and boring) Negative attributes : Although I Do love the single player campaign, it could use some work. I REALLY wish it were longer.. And that final Boss fight is pretty lame. It only lasts around 27 seconds, and during that time the only way to lose is by taking offense from the old man that constantly insults you, and how his "7 year old could beat you, blindfolded." - The game mode "Infernal" played on the map "de_inferno" Some people like this game mode however I personally dislike it, For those of you that have not yet had the chance to experience it I'll explain for you. It seems like any normal de_ map However, The real goal is to scurry around finding any shred or scrap of rego, Normally it's hidden in obscurer unused sections of the map, and has the ability to shift/move around to different locations, Or even leave the game entirely for up to 10 minutes at a time. - Demolition, Also known as "jokemode" Added purely as a joke that volvo was supposed to only unlock on every April fool's day, However some hacker probably that "4_chan" guy, permanently unlocked it. (Volvo have been working on a fix ever since) Demolition is the game mode which automatically gives everyone amour and then requires you to get kills with weapons that do extremely poor damage against armoured opponents. Also no block is Enabled And Whoa?, So is team killing! The volka Strategy You could just play this game like a noob and spend hundreds of dollars on skins, OR you could play the game correctly like me. Here is my strategy : - Don't buy skins to start with, Seriously it's a waste of money. - Play for a good 50 hrs or so and sell any drop you get. - Wait for a steam sale and Invest in as many copies of csgo you can. - Work your way up to about 5 copies or so But make sure you don't get too many otherwise you won't have enough time to harvest all your csgo account drops (having more than 7 accounts may have diminishing returns) [Note- it takes about 20 hrs gameplay to activate the drops]. - Keep playing on all copies frequently to maximise drops. - Once you have your economy built up with this method you can now buy skins with all that free income you have. Remember to Never gamble with opening cases. I've made about $100 with this method. I think it's about time to quit my day job. In a whole, I do love this game And would recommend to anyone, Good half, Good half.
game-hours: 893.3
review: What i love from this game is the fact that a single player, a weapon, a simple strategy can affect a whole round, it makes the game so unexpected and fun. Plus it have funny physics.
game-hours: 1040.4
review: this game is ing dank as  m8 if you get it ill give you a dongar bill
game-hours: 168.2
review: no
game-hours: 698.9
review: CS:GO is a game which was once designed around team-based attacks and defenses, something which has since been replaced by weapon reskins and recoil patterns. Pros: Very easy to hop into a casual game and enjoy a quick game. Very easy to join a competitive game and work with a team of nearly equal skill-levels in a longer game with higher tensions. New game modes to choose from. Wide variety of powerful weapons at your disposal. Betting scene. Numerous competitive leagues and teams for highly skilled players. Cons: Difficult to master weapons and recoil patterns. Luck plays a considerable role in fights. Learn a plethora of new insults from teammates. Conclusion: For 15$, it's worth every penny.
game-hours: 1468.4
review: Counter Offensive - Global Strike.
game-hours: 817.7
review: Counter Strike: Global Offensive is a great game about robbing banks. It shows how a great musical game like itself can be transformed into something of a story driven racing game. It shows a few hints of real time strategy and can be played while eating foods such as pizza, spaghetti and vegemite sandwitches. Overall i believe this dungeon crawler indie game should be given and 13/74. Cartons Of Lemons.
game-hours: 1205.1
review: Counter Strike Global Offensive is a beautiful addition to the counter strike series it being the forth one to be made i believe valve have done a wonderful job but this isn't why i'm giving this game 10/10 its because You Can Also Kill Chickens For Points In Deathmatch 10/10 :D By Far My Favourite Game In The Series
game-hours: 1262.0
review: CSGO all day err day baby!
game-hours: 710.9
review: Rosetta Stone, I'm using this as my Russian teacher.
game-hours: 1061.3
review: Started playing cs go because I could earn money by cases and mission drops to buy other games, but then I got hooked. Once you play a while and know how the recoil, tactics and maps work, you will have a lot of fun playing competitive and other modes. Whats better then play a game you love and get free money to buy other games.
game-hours: 287.7
review: Really fantastic and balanced game! And think about the competetive aspects you could compete: - Queing up vs fullpremade teams as solo! -Getting kicked out of a ladder game just for fun for having a disconnect, even if you have 10:0 stats. -If you arent familiar with russian greetings you should inform yourself before joining a game, else you would be confused about  BLIAT VODKA VODKA, YOUR MOTHER IS A *BIEEEEP*! - Matchmaking is starting 4vs5 games, enjoy your bot! - People get random Matchmaking bans, because they can`t reconnect due to bugs! -You have to decide what player you are, you have 2 options. You can be the noob or the hacker. As Noob you basically have worse than 1,0 kd. As Hacker you are above 1,0kd, pretty simple, isnt it. -Oh and if you meet people who are Master Guardian after 20 hours playtime, dont be afraid. Its okay. The boy/girl is just playing on one of his 37 smurf accounts. I can really recommend this game if you live in russia and your IQ is below 70! Or you love the sound of ongoing 13 yo german gangster-rapper screaming in your ears, this game could be for you. If you arent sure yet if you should buy this, just check out some hacks in youtube which are available for cs:go. Its awesome. You see flying people who shoot with homing bullets through 10 walls while screaming in voicechat, YOU ARE ALL NOOBS, BUHAHAHAHAHAH. And honestly, who would want to miss something like that :) ? If the current bugs are taken serious by valve the game might leave beta stage in like 3-4 years. Buy it right now!
game-hours: 1131.5
review: Really good game,from the beginning this i a game where you play 5 on 5 in teams against each other. It begins as an fps game but the more you play it you realize that it is a strategy game. A game in which both reflexes, strategy and Teamwork.
game-hours: 56.7
review: Do I like this game? Yes. Can I reccomend it? No. It's too hard to get into. Most new players will not gravitate towards the Competitive scene, despite it's the place where people should start, strangely. It's just not a good game to start.
game-hours: 1079.0
review: You can kill people without going to jail 10/10
game-hours: 1661.7
review: Engine still broken after idk how long. Stopped playing when the buggy as hell CSS was released try to get back into it but the registry and .netcode in this version of the game is still so awful that it's nearly unplayable. The community consists of "die-hard try-hards" and people who haven't the slightest clue as to what they are doing. Ranks are useless and baseless as it falls under a W/L ratio, rather than a K/D ratio like its forefather CAL. With this release Valve continues to make money off of other people's ideas with stupid things like gun skins and lacks the originality it once had with it's release of HL1 and 2. All in all this game is a huge waste of money and does not give anything to the modding community that once made this game thrive. Forgetting the average age of a gamer and turning it's back on the people that made CS a once world renouned title.
game-hours: 533.5
review: I've spent way too much money on this game.
game-hours: 203.9
review: ...
game-hours: 26.8
review: Simply the cake of first-person shooters. In my head CS is the purest aim-based shooter. The Counter-Strike series are an absolute classic dating back 12 years and the recipe hasn't changed very much. Why change what is not broken, and Valve realized that and made CS: Global Offensive a modernized and community-driven version of older holy grails like CS 1.6 and CS:Source. I just had to buy this game for the sake of the good old LAN-party days and the lasting effect CS 1.6 left on me. ------------------------------------------------------------------- I am very pleased with what Valve managed to do with this game. I never knew it was possible but they managed to make the game compatible with all skill levels, as opposed to something like let's say CS 1.6 in which "Get rekt" is the only game mode new players can play. What surprised me even more is the fact that they kept the classic feeling of older titles in this series. All you have to do is go into the game options and change your crosshair to "Classic" and you're set. As I expected from Valve's legendarily well-made engines, the game is running as smooth as butter on ice. The input scheme is astonishingly sharp and for good reason, since every single pixel can make the difference here. Speaking about pixels, the graphics are based on the Half-Life 2 engine and I must say, they're extremely fitting and the very, very well-made maps are the cherry on top. Nothing distracting here and definitely nothing ugly or out of place. It's a minimalist approach in my opinion and I absolutely love it! No extra filler added in, only what's needed. As a result the game is optimized as hell for high frames per second. Flawless gem polish all-around, can't really spot any imperfections. CS:GO is really balanced around the player's skill level, the player's aim and his team synergy. Match making is solid, too. There is really to complain about in this game. If you are losing it's because you suck and if you win it's because you are a mean, well-oiled clicking machine. I haven't really delved too deep into the team aspect of this game but I am really looking forward to the new "Competitive" matches. I will get there eventually, I just need to get even better than I am now, and maybe make some time to play more awesome games like this. Competition is not absent from this game, it's over-abundant for those who want to seek a challenge. You'll get it, for sure. The game modes are plenty as the maps. They include the classic Terrorists -- Counter-Terrorists paradigm and they revolve around the classic: Plant the bomb, Rescue the Hostages and many more new ones that are just a truck full of fun. More casual and more well-known game modes like Deathmatch and such are in the game if you want to shoot something fast. I am really surprised by the numerous and awesome community this game constructed, and it's constantly growing too. The players are really friendly and fun to play against from what I've seen. Good sportsmanship too. All in all, what it really comes down to is the fun aspect of this game, and boy, I must say after just a couple of matches I realized I was gonna skip the night just to play some good old CS. The game is fun and addictive once you get into it. Rounds may be short, but the replayability is ridiculously good, and it scales well with the multiplayer aspect. Man those headshots are satisfying to land. ------------------------------------------------------------------- Some tips I gave to a friend, and I'm sure these will be useful for newer players out there: "In CS, basically you have to click on the enemies head before they do, while your crosshair is minimized. Don't shoot unless you have a guaranteed headshot. For starters, I recommend switchingto one of the dynamic crosshairs in the option menu.I use classic dynamic. Now you have an idea where bullets are going. Try shooting bullets at a wall and see where they hit. Try full auto, try burst. Try practice mode here, without bots. In 98% of the situations it's good to burst or semi shoot. Never go full auto, controlling recoil is essential. You must wait a bit until your crosshair is small before shooting. Don''t forget to use Crouch/Walk (Ctrl/Shift) to minimize your crosshair. For beginners, try crouching when you see a guy and try clicking on his head. Also, never shoot while moving, your rekoil is huge and you don't have chances to hit. Don't forget to put your crosshair at head level always. Keep it up and close to corners. When enemy comes by you only have to move an inch for a headshot. Play deathmatch at first to train. What matters, in order: 1) Aim All weapons are hitscan. Aim well and use low sensitivity + a huge mouse pad. I go 28 cms per 360 degrees. 2) Reflexes You have to aim accurately and you also have to be fast in doing so. No point being able to click on the enemies head if he clicks on yours first. 3) Map awareness and predictive thinking This is basically your game skill that you've gathered through experience. Knowing how to be effective on the map. Knowing where enemies are. Listening for enemies. Knowing to take cover. Knowing when to engage. Knowing to stay with teammates. Knowing where to throw grenades." ------------------------------------------------------------------- Overall, this game is absolutely great. Can't really point anything wrong with it and I'm really looking forward to spend hundreds of hours on this one in the long run. Maybe I'll uncover some things wrong with it after I play it more, and I'll surely update this guide. Buy it. Especially if: -it's on sale -you like FPS's, especially if you've played and loved the classic ones like CS 1.6, Quake and such -you have good aim -you like a challenge and you have a competitive nature ------------------------------------------------------------------- ~~~ 9/10 ~~~ A sacred beast of a game. ------------------------------------------------------------------- "Counter-Strike is a pretty simple game. All you have to do is click on their heads" ~ Anonymous
game-hours: 416.8
review: u should play comp with 4 friends to know how good is game :)
game-hours: 780.1
review: GabeN's . making money from pixels on your screens since i dunno.
game-hours: 202.9
review: Dear Santa, For Christmas, I would like for CS:GO to receive an AI overhaul. You see, when I play a game, and a teammate gets grumpy, they wind up leaving. That leaves me and my friends with a bot. This bot is not very bright and will often run out into anything, whether it be a smoke, an incendiary grenade, an AWP, or a five man rush of P90's and Tec-9's. At the very least, I would love for the AI to be able to sit down in a corner as though it were a chick hatching an egg everytime it was asked to "stay here team". Sincerely Kim Jung-Un P.S. I've been very good at using my CS:GO betting money to feed the people of North Korea. It makes up 30% of our GDP.
game-hours: 1637.6
review: hackers , hackers and more hackers. Everytime the game comes down to $3.74 hacking goes up 10 fold.
game-hours: 588.8
review: Do you want a fast-paced multiplayer FPS that is riddled with inconsistent crap netcode that readily bends over a barrel and presents a jasmine scented  which pooches open in anticipation for every two-bit "hacker" on the Internet? Well then THIS IS FOR YOU! Do you enjoy an endless torrent of  hackers? Teamkillers? Smurfs? Gobshites with broken microphones who will readily spout an everlasting supply of foreign swear words while you're trying to listen for the enemy? That's right, nothing adds to the challenge more than having to watch out for  and traitors on your own team! Laggy no-skill morons from far-flung lands who are impossible to hit? That's right, hit your router with a hammer and fill the ports with kitkat wrappers because YOUR HALF SECOND PING WILL SAVE YOU SON! That's called LAG COMPENSATION which gives ALMOST TOTAL INVINCIBILITY to anyone with an Internet connection that has no business whatsoever playing games like this. This was once a good game. These days KDR stands for "Kids, s and Russians". Toxicity from top to bottom. "But surely, at the higher levels, you get away from all that!" Yeah, check out the regular reports of "pro" players throwing matches for money, using hacks at top-tier tournament level, and acting like 12-year olds. Banwaves are good for about a day, if that, just to give you a glimpse of what the game could be. Don't even waste your time reporting griefers and hackers, if you want to do something more useful, open notepad, type some Russian swear words (you will know them all by now) then save the document and throw it into your Recycle Bin. Avoid at all cost. Play a man's game. Let the children have this one and buy ArmA 3 instead. Find a good, well adminned server. Ping greater than 300? *BOOM* See ya, Vlad. Mouthy teenager? *BOOM* See ya, Timmy. COMING SOON: Yet another half-baked cack-handed attempt at balancing the pistols ...
game-hours: 786.7
review: The game of a generation. Travel the globe and gather the most wonderful objects created by man. Put them in a magic bag with a pile of moondust. The contents of said bag would still suck in comparison to Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. 10/10
game-hours: 967.6
review: I am going to give a few pros and cons.. Pros -Really fun to play with friends, who has mics, who you make a full team of 5 in competeive -You can meet really nice people in game -This game will still be alive for many years to come -Game is really hard to master. Why is that good you might ask? Cause you will keep playing this game for many hours just to get the basics down. Cons -There is trollers/mean crude people in the game, who are far better than you. -hackers (this is a big one later in the game of competeive play) You will come across them very often in high skilled level games. -Complainers who just gives you complete negetivity in the game. Like wow how the  did you not get the kill you ing scrub? -csgo skins (yes I have csgo skins blahaha) I am going to go with a postive review on this as a like. This is the type of a game I really like. (other than the cons) Note this will get updated if I think more stuff.
game-hours: 1944.6
review: 1600+ hours played and 750 competitive wins - Sittin' pretty at Nova 1.
game-hours: 620.8
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is the newest version of the well known game Counter-Strike. Global Offensive has a lot of different game modes besides of the classic bomb defusal/hostage rescue scenarios. Deathmatch, basically is about getting a lot of kills and dying as few times as possible. You will spawn at random space with your chosen weapons or random ones. In Arms Race you have to get kills with every weapon. The fastest player wins. Demolition can be a Bomb mission or hostage rescue on smaller maps compared to the regular bomb or hostage missions. Competitive is the hardest and most interesting type and is only recommended for advanced players. You have to win a minimum 16 rounds to win the game. This gamemode may take up to 90 minutes. Communication is the key here to win. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive also support ingame items, but it is a purely cosmetic thing. You will also have a chance to support the game by buying special tickets for the so-called "Operations". With an operation pass you will get access to newly released competitive maps, new weapon skins and an upgradeable medal. The graphics are much better than Counter Strike Source. The environments are more detailed and the game just looks a whole lot better. Global Offensive is one of the top 10 most played games on Steam right now, so there are plenty of players and servers. The mechanics are different from former Counter-Strike games, like the recoil for each weapon and new weapons like decoy, Molotov, etc. This could be difficulty for veteran players at the beginning. But after a while you can deal with it. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a definite buy for anyone that is into Counter-Strike. It is definitely worth the regular price of 13,99. A must have for every Steam user! Sounds 9/10 Graphics 9/10 Gameplay 10/10 Atmosphere 10/10
game-hours: 109.8
review: Could be a nice game but ... The amount of 12 year old russian cheater and flamer in this game is too damn high!
game-hours: 137.5
review: Potatoes have skin. I have skin. Therefore, I am a potato.
game-hours: 99.5
review: It needs func_vehicle. Seriously it needs func_vehicle  FUNC_VEHICLE NOW, FUNC_VEHICLE FOREVER! LONG LIVE FUNC_VEHICLE! FUNC_VEHICLE FUNC_VEHICLE FUNC_VEHICLE FUNC_VEHICLE
game-hours: 98.3
review: Was crap at it. Got fairly decent. Got guns online. Betted them. won $240 worth of guns in the space of 3 days. Bought some games with some of the guns i got, i sold and kept a few of the guns i won from the bets. Went online owned with the guns i got from the bets. Had beggers asking for guns. Told them to 'F**k off squeeky c*unts". Got banned online for a week cause my tea was ready and i couldnt be botherd eating cold mash and and sausages so i exited the game. Oh and not enough english people, they all seem to be foreign. 9.5/10 ING
game-hours: 709.2
review: Counter-Strike: GO? More like Counter-Strike GO Buy an AUG.
game-hours: 884.9
review: Over 600 hours on CS:GO. Over 13 years playing CS in general. In older versions of CS if you are high skilled you can easily take down 5 low skilled players. In this version you are lucky to get onto the 3rd guy. Game is all about luck, not skill based like all previous versions of the game. Ranked up to DMG with over 200 wins in competetive and i can say this game should be released as a 5 person COOP. You should only play comp when you have 4 other friends who you know won't troll you, regardless of their skill level its better to have that than random teammates. The hit reg in this game is absolutely nothing compared to previous versions, due to the low bandwidth allocated to the gaming servers setup by valve. The skin system is nothing but a huge money grabbing scheme which no doubt has earnt a huge amount more than the game sales alone. As with all games you can trade in, this one is full of scammers. Constantly, daily trying to scam your high value items from you. Procede with extreme caution when making trades with anyone you don't know. This game promotes gambling to under 18s with the skin drop system, costing each skin a certain price with a possible return on investment. Gambling sites are regulated and usually offer around 85% return on your gambling in the long run. I believe there is no regulation of this system and there's plenty of 12yr old kids out there throwing away hundreds into this system. Alot of reviews have complained about cheaters. This isn't such a bad problem nowa days as the overwatch system has taken over VAC in the competetive section of the game, blatent cheaters are caught and banned for 1 year quite quickly and the players that support and judge in this system are to thank. Overall the game it's self has a great system but just isn't being used to its full potential. Allocate more time and money please valve. Rating VS previous versions: 3/10 Rating VS other FPS games: 8/10 Community Rating: 3/10 Price rating: 3/10 (Even on sale. This should be F2P with a subscription to comp games with VIP benefits)
game-hours: 1764.9
review: The love/hate relationship I have with this game is intense.
game-hours: 519.1
review: Good game, graphics, physics everything here. Play with interest and pleasure, thank maker.
game-hours: 215.2
review: this game sometimes it makes me really happy sometimes it makes me want to furiously masturbate with sand paper whilst rubbing my nuts on a cactus i like the game it gives special feeling 10/10
game-hours: 529.2
review: I must recommend this game, it is my duty as one who has spent 1600 hours on CSS (from xFire) and 500+ hours on CSGO. I played non-stop competitive CS:Source in regional championships, LANs, and online leagues; and won 4 regional championships with some LAN placings. Here's what I have to say about GO... CSGO is awesome, Valve delivered here in the end. When it was released, yeah, it wasn't anything special, just a pretty CS:Source. But now we have amazing gun skins, stickers, awesome knives, intense major tournaments, souvenir packages, bracket prediction challenges, seasonal operations with extra maps and challenges for even more drops, etc. It's awesome, it's a great game to be a part of. Matchmaking and rated matchmaking based personal ELO rankings is a sweet way to keep competitive games close. It can never be perfect, but back in Source you had to wait in an IRC channel with a looped message playing until someone finally answered your loop and then it took them 20 minutes to get 5 in the server, etc. Basically with CS:Source whether you were trying to ring or you had your team it took between 20-60 minutes to get a scrim. Now it takes about 5. So, the fact that people still complain about it is beyond me. Game play wise, each CS as I know them (1.6, Source, GO) has been different beasts in terms of mechanics and recoil control. Lots of little things that made or broke you as a player in these games, but recoil control is one of the biggest. You often hear people scream deathmatch deathmatch deathmatch, that's the only way to get better. Well, quick point, how can you DM to practice when you don't know what your practicing? Best thing to do to understand the recoil patterns is load an offline game, kick the bots, and shoot at walls. Seriously. Shoot and spray at walls with various guns at various ranges with various movement patterns, that's the best way to understand how to control and use various guns. You need to understand each guns grouping patterns first before you can practice controlling them! About the community, yes, the flamers and trolls are alive and well. But here's the thing, I've been around CS a long time, I've won 4 regional championships with CS:Source, and really it never bothered me that sometimes the flamers are all you hear. Here's why. Once you play enough games (competitive or otherwise) you'll hear the same kind of person, it'll sound like this.. you guys suck, why are you even playing this game? or something similar if they are beating you. It sounds like this, you're such a hacker, it's so obvious when you beat them. The fact that people are so binary in their mentality amuses me personally, so I carry that over to CS flamers as well. Some people like to pretend they are perfect at the game, and everyone else around them is inferior, yet if you beat them you must be a hacker. It just sounds so stupid to even talk about it but seriously this is how a lot of people are about the game. Just don't let it get to you, there's no point. Don't even engage. And you wont have many problems. It's not the easiest game to pick up right off the bat. Spray at feet, get headshot is a notorious saying from outsiders about CS games, because CS can be amazingly random sometimes. And the round-by-round economy, buying guns and items every round, and recoil patterns make it a steep learning curve. But if you understand the groupings (I said how to above), read guides about strategy (like economy management, game flow), and just get in there and start playing you will see why people just can't stop playing this game! Counter-Strike was the world's original eSport. After the Championship Gaming Series went down the CS1.6 and CS:Source attention did as well, games like StarCraft and DOTA took to the forefront of competitive eSports soon after. But with the cases, skins, and major tournaments Valve and the CS community have turned CS:GO back into one of the world's premiere eSports and there's many, many reasons why it's succeeding. As I say, it's a very exciting game to be a part of right now.
game-hours: 798.9
review: If you spray you're dead, it's not call of duty. Also you might see nerf gun skins... :3
game-hours: 1957.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 277.4
review: Friend Making and Breaking Simulator 2014 11/10 would recommended
game-hours: 1444.3
review: Got bored of this game after 1 hour.
game-hours: 299.1
review: CheaterStrike: Spray&Pray, there is no need to say more...
game-hours: 365.2
review: I could never really get into Counter-Strike and Counter-Strike: Source. But Global Offensive is really easy to pick up, is pretty polished, has nice customization option, lots of neat little things all around. It's a good MP title. I'd recommend trying to play with a friend who already knows about the game's mechanics and the metagame, too. It's a very gradual learning experience.
game-hours: 769.5
review: You can learn Russian in only 2 hours!
game-hours: 1830.6
review: CS:GO is arguably the best Counter-Strike in the series. Counter-Strike's unique style in the first person shooter genre has made this series a trail blazer among many other shooters. CS:GO carries this mantra and revitalizes the concept with content that is mainly user driven. Compared to the previous iteration, some weapons have been replaced with similar counterparts while the maps have been upgraded and balanced more appropriately. Admittedly, the game was riddled with issues during the early stages but it has matured drastically since its inception, owing to Valve's diligence and community feedback. CS:GO's 250,000 concurrent players and the ever expanding competitive scene stands testimony to this game's successful approach. At the heart of this game is the community's boundless imagination full of custom maps, skins, stickers, and soundtracks that add style to the gameplay. Additionally, to show appreciation to the community, Valve packages community content into DLC and uses it to support the content creators and fund the competitive scene. This game is a must have for the FPS fans.
game-hours: 1029.4
review: In the beggining as amateur or something is good game. But after 400+ hours GO is so bad. The way you get the rank is so stupid because without pre-made team in ranked matches you are nothing. Full of random kids that flame,doing rage quits etc. So the rank doesnt show your real level. Also what about bans?If there is blackout in my home how can I avoid the ban?You have only 5 or 7 minutes to join again. And if the electricity doesnt show up then you have to be banned. 6/10
game-hours: 267.4
review: When I first got this game I thought it was going to be an amazing anime RPG. I turned on the game and I was so excited. For whatever weird reason, it wouldn't let me customize my character. "Whatever..." I thought and joined a server thinking maybe it would show up. When I joined the server no character customization was to be found. Nor a tutorial. Nor was Naruto, Pikachu, or Ash. I then decided I would ask the "helpful community". Unfortunately for me, I was globally offended when I asked people where Naruto was. People immediately told me to kill myself over the mic. This drove me into a deep depression, I couldn't watch Dragon Ball Z or Seinfeld again. D: -69/10 Would not cut myself from the suicide messages again
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.6
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2868.4
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 200.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 764.7
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 2200.7
review: This game is absolutely amazing. Takes just about everything from the original Counter-Strikes and rolls them all in to one great game while keeping the nostalgia intact. This is truly a game of skill. There is no other game like it.
game-hours: 60.2
review: Counter Source: Global Office is a great video game to play on the internet. Personally, I like to play multiplayer more than single player. However, multiplayer is more difficult because the enemies shoot back. I think they should nerf the sniper because people can kill me in one shot even when i buy the helmet! This game is very tough but fun. I heard that the pros warm up before their matches by playing minecraft so that's what I do too.
game-hours: 959.7
review: opened 40 cases, best skin was a P90 asiimov FT worth 8 $
game-hours: 636.4
review: Do you enjoy intelligent voice chat? Cooprative team mates? Good spoken egnglish? Then counterstrike global offensive is the game for you! The community is sure to make you feel at home. Worried about cheaters, hackers, and other nasty people? Then dont worry! Valves well known and solid VAC system keeps hackers out of your game, well built and expertly designed, cheaters will never prosper, keeping your game experiance fair and enjoyable. This is coupled with Valves cleverly made matchmaking and ranking systems, sure to always place you agianst players of a similar skill group to you! You will find every match is balanced for the enjoyment of all players. Its a wonder why you would want to play any other fps, this is truely a game for all types of players, from the hardened veterans to the first time gamers. Its sure to hold intrest all the way through its steady learning curve to mastering the game. Its realistic mechanics, gameplay and tactics are features that make this an outstanding fps. Dont worry about the price tag, vavle makes sure that the value of your purchase will never deteriorate, the game will retain its prestigious stance amognst the rabble of other fps's. So what are you waiting for? Jump in today!
game-hours: 553.7
review: This is quite an enjoyable game. Driving through detailed environment is beautiful. As you progress through the game, you build up your truckers to work for your company, etc. It's a pretty deep experience.
game-hours: 703.0
review: I thought I will play this for a week or two :P NOW I PLAY THIS EVERY DAY ALL THE DAY AND I WANT TO GET COOL SKINS!
game-hours: 51.4
review: I used my sticker on the wrong side of my firearm. I'll never have that sticker again.
game-hours: 378.0
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 268.1
review: Rate 10/10 for learning Russian and Polish.
game-hours: 575.4
review: Destroys friendships and you'll get screamed at every 2 minutes. Like dota with guns.
game-hours: 880.7
review: awesome game ... You need it if you dont have it..
game-hours: 455.2
review: The only thing this competitive game has that compares to call of duty is it's FPS aspect and a few of the guns. Otherwise, it's an upgrade to the original Counter Strike, 1.6, and source with a few additional game modes and better graphics. What I like about this game above it's predecessors is it's offline bots. The dedicated fans that have been playing CS for multiple years makes the online multiplayer very difficult (which is a good thing). So, what I like about this game is the offline bot mode, which allows people who buy this game to enjoy a little pwnage (or challenge when they crank up the difficulty to veteran) when they can't get it online. Also, everyone has an equal chance, not thrown off by prestiging or leveling up, which adds balance.Overall, it's a fun, challenging, and addicting game -- I'd recommend it to all gamers! Especially those who enjoy a good FPS.
game-hours: 983.0
review: meh
game-hours: 60.5
review: this game.  this game.  this game. The competitive server are absolute . Near everyone who plays it are 14 year old Xx420BLAZEITxX kids who mic spam memes, racial slurs, and obscenities. The private server era of CS & CS:S is kill. It's just not fun anymore.
game-hours: 101.9
review: Eat. Sleep. Game. Repeat.
game-hours: 582.6
review: Counter Strike: Global Offensive is one of those games that is kind of hard not to recommend. It's a solid shooter and it is cheap and looks really good for a game that runs on the Source engine. To new players CSGO may feel a little "back to the basics" as this game does not have aiming down the sight, unlocks, attachments, perks and killstreaks so it's heavily based on player skill and not on selecting the perfect loadout with the perfect perks. This game does have a ranking system but it's different from all the other shooters which I'll explain later on. But the game does show a lot of depth as you play more and you will find out that not everything is as straight forward as it might have looked. It's also a tactical teamplay based shooter, so don't even think about buying it if you don't like teamplay. Only a good team can lead you to victory, not a highly skilled lone wolf. CSGO offers a small variety of game modes, those are: Deathmatch, Arms race, Demolition, Classic casual and Classic competitive. For those of you who are familiar with COD Arms race is called Gun game in COD. You start off with a weapon and every time you kill someone you'll advance to the next weapon until you get a golden knife, kill someone with the golden knife and you win the game. What's rather interesting about Arms race is that you still play in teams 5v5 but the one who killed enemies with all weapons wins. Demolition is a combination between Classic (Ill explain classic later in the review) and arms race. The goal is to plant the bomb as a terrorist or defend the bombsites as a counter terrorist or defuse the bomb if its planted, there are no respawns and instead of buying a weapon you start with one and advance to the next weapon if you made any kills during the last round and if you made more than one kill you'll get extra rewards like frag grenades and flash bangs. In my opinion those game modes are fun but unnecessary because I never really feel the need to play them. There's also deathmatch which is a little different from the usual (team)deathmatch. It's played 5V5 and all weapons are available except for grenades. you play in a team but it's every man for himself as the person with the most points at the end of a round wins. What's also interesting about Deathmatch is that different weapons give a different amount of points and at some point during deathmatch certain weapons give bonus points. In my opinion deathmatch shouldn't be taken to serious, It's a good gamemode to improve your aim, and I know most new players will jump right into deathmatch but that's in my opinion not the way Counter Strike is supposed to be played. So that leaves Classic casual and Classic competitive which are almost the same gamemodes, therefore Ill use this section to talk about the things these gamemodes have in common and in the next section the differences between these gamemodes. Classic consists of the two original Counter Strike game modes: defuse mission and hostage mission. In hostage mission the counter terrorists have to kill all the terrorists or rescue one of the hostages (in the other counter strike games all the hostages have to be rescued) and the terrorists have to prevent the counter terrorists from rescuing the hostages by killing all of the counter terrorists. In defuse mission the terrorists have to plan a bomb at one of the two bombsites and make it explode or kill all the counter terrorists and the counter terrorists have to win by killing all the terrorists or by defusing the bomb if it's planted in which case killing all the terrorists does not result in victory. Both defusal mission and hostage mission have a money system. You'll receive money for all sorts of things, playing a round, of course the winning team receives more in most cases, completing a part of the objective like taking a hostage or planting the bomb and kills. The kill reward depends on the weapon, a rifle or pistol will give you 1 kill reward while an SMG (except for P90) gives you 2 kill reward, a shotgun gives 3 kill reward and a knife gives 5 kill reward while the AWP gives only 0,5 kill reward. At the start of a new round you can buy weapons and grenades with the money you earned and the money you don't spend will carry over to the next round. So now the differences between casual and competitive. In casual you play either terrorist or counter terrorist and the best team out of 15 rounds wins, in competitive the teams are swapt after the 15th round and the best team out of 30 rounds wins. In casual you'll receive more money if you lose a round, less if you win a round and the kill reward for a rifle is 150 bucks while a kill with a rifle in competitive rewards 300, the developer did it this way to balance the difference in money between the good and bad team and the good and bad players in casual. Competitive is played 5V5 and casual can be played 10V10. In competitive you have to buy your armor and your defuse kit while you get those for free in casual. In casual you can just drop in a round and leave whenever you desire while in competitive you join at the start of a game and you're not supposed to leave until the game is finished, because if you do you'll get a penalty in the form of a temporary competitive ban ranging between half an hour and 7 days and I've seen screenshots of people getting over 200 days competitive cooldown. This is both fair and unfair as it will punish the players who ragequit, the more they ragequit the longer the cooldown, but sometimes you can lose connection to the server because of server problems or internet problems in which case you'll also receive a cooldown which is highly unfair. If you play casual you'll play with random people while competitive has a ranking system based on your skill and win/lose ratio and you'll play with people of the same skill level as you. There's also a community server browser with servers that have different game rules, use community maps or even have completely different game modes. I don't spend a lot of time on community servers so I can't tell you more than this. In my opinion competitive is the way to play CSGO, I spend by far most of my time playing competitive. Casual is great for practice but keep in mind that people play different on competitive. If you're new though I advice to play a few rounds on casual before playing competitive so you can learn how the gamemode works, how the economy system works and gain some map knowledge, why should you do this in casual? Well competitive is way more serious. There's also an option to play against bots if you're new to shooters but even expert bots are pretty easy to defeat and play really different than human players. The only negative points I can come up with is that the servers have to be improved as hit detection doesn't always works as it is supposed to work, and the ranking system has to be improved. At the time of writing I am silver elite master (fifth rank) but some silver elites (fourth rank) are way better than me and some golden nova 2 players (seventh rank) are much worse. And they could crank up the difficulty of the bots as medium bots in CS:S are way harder than expert bots in CSGO making bot practice less useful. Over the last year this has definitely become my favorite shooter, I even watch CSGO E-sport. It's a crown jewel and it only costs 14 bucks. I give CSGO a 10/10. This doesn't mean the game is perfect, of course it can be improved but it's based on the fun factor, and even though I sometimes HATE this game out of pure frustration, I'll always come back to it and there are barely any games out there that can do that. Everyone who remotely likes shooters should buy it.
game-hours: 207.4
review: idk what to put so heres a waffle recipe: Ingredients: 2 eggs 2 cups all-purpose flour 1 3/4 cups milk 1/2 cup vegetable oil 1 tablespoon white sugar 4 teaspoons baking powder 1/4 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract Steps: 1.) Preheat waffle iron. Beat eggs in large bowl with hand beater until fluffy. Beat in flour, milk, vegetable oil, sugar, baking powder, salt and vanilla, just until smooth. 2.) Spray preheated waffle iron with non-stick cooking spray. Pour mix onto hot waffle iron. Cook until golden brown. Serve hot
game-hours: 623.1
review: - ,   .    ,   .          .          ,   .   .      CS:GO  !
game-hours: 1119.3
review: This Game has ruined my Free time :P 10/10 Would Play again :D
game-hours: 483.7
review: made me buy a karambit irl/10
game-hours: 672.6
review: ....a never ending story ....
game-hours: 138.8
review: GO!
game-hours: 664.8
review: Fix this bloody game, how do valve expect this to be a good competetive game when every single match making game is filled with cheaters which valve claim they have fixed. They don't even try to hide it now, because the game is always on sale and they can just set up a new account. Stop updating maps and start fixing the game
game-hours: 1203.2
review: Some Silver Rank Problems: -Smurf on other team -Gold Nova on other team o.O -Trolls -Teammate saying "GG" in team chat (or to all) when you're losing by a little -Having 1 more game to win to rank up and you lose (is it only me?) -#Silver4Life ~Tacos
game-hours: 540.5
review: Ever wanted a young child make homophobic, racist or general mean comments about your playstyle, this is the game for you
game-hours: 665.7
review: The CS:GO Case Anthem. Our Father who AWPs in heaven CS be thy game Uncase begun, them skins be won, Covert - and not a Mil-Spec. Give us this day a StatTrak knife, And forgive us when we rage quit, As we forgive those who aimbot against us, And lead us not into scamnation Undeliver us a Battle Scarred,
game-hours: 0.8
review: This is a really good, casual yet uncasual multi-player FPS that pits two teams against one another. The Terrorists and the counter-terrorists (counter strikers). The terrorists need to make it to specific bomb drop points and hold the position until the bomb goes off. The counter-strikers need to kill the terrorists need to disarm the bomb if it is set or if they kill a terrorist holding the bomb before it is set, they need to make sure no one picks up the bomb to set it. If all members of one faction die, they lose the round. There is no respawn until the next round. All rounds take place on the current map. You don't go to a different map until the match ends. Since you play a few rounds per game (let's say 15 rounds), you get cash for each round win or lose and you can spend that cash at the start of each round on weapons and stuff. So the game increases as you go from just pistols and knives in the first round to much bigger guns in the later rounds. You can also pick up a weapon off the ground and use it as well (unless you've set the rules to restrict such things). You'll keep the weapon from round to round until you die. Its a nice system. It is a great game dynamic with good maps that have the right amount of side paths and choke points to cover. The maps are small enough where there will always be some sort of action happening, but large enough where the action can happen at places you aren't. There is no single player campaign, but you can play maps on your own with bots that have difficulty levels. You can even jump into a bot if you die since there is no respawn until the next round. You'll notice the easy bots take their time to shoot you as well as you can tell watching them they intentionally don't aim directly at you. This is PERFECT FOR BEGINNERS to pick up and play, but of course the bots get more difficult. The game makes headshots instant kills and goes more along the realism path where if you jump and shoot, you're less accurate. When you kneel and shoot you're more accurate. It's a fun game that fills a different niche than Team Fortress 2. Give it a try over a free weekend and its also dirt cheap.
game-hours: 1115.5
review: Best FPS game ever, no Netcode problems no glitches no  One thing i hope they fix it, that there are too many cheaters in the game .
game-hours: 724.0
review: This game is good and this review is pointless.
game-hours: 134.4
review: I killed 5\5 of the enemy team and i onely played an hour in cometive mode got called a hacker and got a 30 min banned! Played another match in competive played terrible on the first 3 rouds got called a hacker for playing bad got killed and got a 30 min ban! 12\10 would play again
game-hours: 2088.1
review: yo, dis games cray, ya'll as better buy dis dank dank
game-hours: 2166.0
review: tf2 meets cod in this brand new comedy featuring adam sandler and that dog from air bud
game-hours: 265.1
review: I have a raging gambling addiction, and cases are going to be the reason I go bankrupt. I'm going to end up on the streets. This game is amazing, but if you don't want to hate yourself, stay away from cases.
game-hours: 608.7
review: EZ SKINS, EZ WINS, EZ LIFE, NIFTY IS 7 YEARS OLD, RT IF U CRID
game-hours: 912.4
review: SlikFiya: I'm ing done SlikFiya: I uninstalled csgo for real Zombie Girl~<3: What pissed you off now SlikFiya: I'm so ing done SlikFiya: Why the  have I wasted my time with this SlikFiya: 900 ing hours of  SlikFiya: It's such a  ing game Zombie Girl~<3: Like I said SlikFiya: When I was first playing it was so good Zombie Girl~<3: What pissed you off now? SlikFiya: I played another match of CS SlikFiya: I regret it SlikFiya: And I'm mad about it Zombie Girl~<3: Whhhhy? SlikFiya: Because it is such a fun game at times SlikFiya: But they don't make up for all the  SlikFiya: So I'm moving on
game-hours: 884.3
review: I got one deaged crossing mid. He was a silver 3. Great game 10/10
game-hours: 76.0
review: Clutch or kick, AWP only Dust II every time. It is so Offensive it has Offensive right in the name
game-hours: 357.1
review: Game is full of hackers that bought the game on alternate accounts during sales, especially in competitive matches and of course theres no way of proving it unless you can watch the replay or recorded the match. 0/10 would not recommend unless you hack too.
game-hours: 1189.0
review: It's like Team Fortress 2 with guns !
game-hours: 985.6
review: CAN YOU UPGRADE YOUR SITTY ANTICHEAT YOU LAZY ITCHS.
game-hours: 1107.6
review: The Ultimate FPS shooter. If you are an FPS fan this is the game for you. High skill, fast paced rounds, intense gun battles. If you are one of the few people on steam who don't have this game, I highly suggest you add this to your collection.
game-hours: 185.5
review: Thanks to Counter Strike I now know that the true meaning of friendship is to kill your entire team with a fire grenade and get a week competative ban. 10/10 -IGN
game-hours: 765.2
review: One of the best games i played. I bought it, thought nothing of it. Played it again a month later and insantly got addicted, since then i've not came off it. 10/10 would buy again. 0/10 would buy a key again. :@
game-hours: 272.0
review: Causes autism.
game-hours: 583.0
review: I've only played this game for 2 hours and the friendly community has already begun to teach me russian greetings such as "c" and "blyat"
game-hours: 310.1
review: AWP:Global Offensive is a great first-person shooter.
game-hours: 761.2
review: CSGO>COD
game-hours: 930.5
review: Best chicken designs and animations. 10/10
game-hours: 1402.4
review: It is kind of hard to say I do not like the game after > 1100 hours of gameplay. It is very addictive! What I love about the game is the fact that skill matters and that every player, from total noob to pro-level, has the same arsenal of guns to use. You can not get better guns or upgrades by investing money, meaning it is skill, experience and teamwork (and connection) that makes the difference. But you can give your guns a personal touch, by getting different skins, adding a personal name to a weapon and add stickers. I really like the bomb defusal mode (or bomb placement when you are a terrorist), but there are also other game types: Hostage rescue, Armsrace , Deathmatch and Demolition. Also there is a big library with player made map, all with their own rules and styles. (aim training, headshots only, all vs all, achievement maps, platformstyle and surfmaps) This is my first ever FPS, so needed the first 1k hours (i am a very slow student) to learn how to hold a gun, how to recognize enemies and friends, learn game mechanics and map based tactics and to work well in a team, etc. The overall crappy community is not making it easy to learn the game, because specially as a starting player you get kicked out of matches all the time. Hey I am silver 1 (lowest competative ranking) , of course I am not a star player! Many other players on that same level are hacking, have second accounts, or are experienced in other shooters. And their patience level with newcomers is about 0. So a mistake (even if i had no clue i made one) resulted often in an insta kick. Most absurt thing was getting kicked out of a casual match for being noob...omg really?:) If you can't practice in a competative match, and get kicked out of casual matches too...then how on earth can you learn how to play? Despite an overall crappy community, I met some awesome people. Lot of fun to play together, preferably in a full team, or just some casual matches, armsrace, deathmatch or training. And training does pay off! Anyway, you would think that by now I am a pro, but hell no! I guess I have to conclude I am not talented enough to get to a high rank. On the bright side....I do not get kicked out of a team anymore, at least not that often....must be doing something good! Still playing daily, and still loving it! So... recommended? Hell yeh! NB I just have to mention that that laguage used ingame is really bad... Maybe thats just my feminine view., but I think it extremely childish and limited to the same scolding words over and over. Quite pathetic to be honest. I learned to ignore it. Loving the mute button! I just hope that it is not a reflection of those people irl. That would be really sad.
game-hours: 51.1
review: Headshot simulator.
game-hours: 680.7
review: this game made me join isis
game-hours: 1030.5
review: Just use The Awp. 10/10
game-hours: 808.2
review: its a good game
game-hours: 976.7
review: CS:GO mixes up Source and CS 1.6 gameplay. The recoil and the flashbangs are more 1.6 like and the rest is pretty much Source. In CS you have no aim-down-sights-feature what means that you have to control your fire by shooting short salves or single shots. You can also learn the gun's spraypatterns by holding down fire-key and noticing the bullet-impacts (on distance they aren't really noticable but on short to middle ranges it works pretty well). In long range firefights people mostly strafe left and right, shoot single shots and try to hit their opponents head (unrealistic.. but interessting and challenging). You can duck pretty fast but it has almost no effect on your precision. You will be slow and more vulnerable. Flanking is hard in this game, because there is no sprint and maps are designed to have clear, mostly open ways. You can hide in only very very few situations because mostly you have great visibility (It's a bit bad and sometimes irritating that you can not disable blood decals). Mostly the only cover you can get is behind corners or of course headglitch-positions. In this game you can not go phrone or lean around corners. I think leaning would be a nice addition but no.. this game is still remains classic. Armor is more helpful than it was in Source. To me it feels like it's more important to land headshots. Because of that it's rather unlikely to get wallbang-kills. It's hard to spray, there is not much hit-slowdown and armor is very powerful.. and sometimes wallbanging feels a bit random. The sound in this game is good. You mostly hear exactly when people run, shoot or jump. You can mostly locate loud players really precisely (unlike in most modern games, where you mostly have crazy boominess or randomized sound.. because of perks for example). Counter-Strike is mostly comprehensible. Some maps got a really nice overhaul (dust2, dust1, aztec, office, militia, mirage).. Train and Cobble are very different compared to Source or 1.6. Personally I don't like them that much.. Inferno is very similar to the Source-version (they only changed some wall textures and made some minor changes). It's good that Valve changed the hostage rescue mode. Now it's more tactical and more objective based, but I think this mode doesn't work that good with the old map layouts. It's sad that there are only very few new competetive maps. Instead of new official maps there are buyable community-mappacks which are available in competetive and causal matchmaking for a period of time. The ability to find or buy weapon-skins is new in CS:GO. On the one hand it is cool to have camos on your guns, on the other hand it's bad that you mostly find bad looking and/or bad quality skins (or cases). Most camos look very colourful and not realistic. If you want good looking skins you most likely end up buying the skins for real money (on the steam marketplace). Conclusion: CS:GO is a new CS with mediocore graphics (the textures are mostly 512x512 pixels and could be better, sometimes the bloom- and post-process-effects are a bit annoying and also some animations could be better), reworked maps, new recoil and still not perfectly balanced guns (but it's fine). It has most things that the old CS-games already had but also some new things. There is ranked matchmaking, a great HUD and an easy to use replay-function. It's also very nice that you still have dedicated servers. You have the possibility to make your own maps and use server-mods. These are all great features that every modern FPS game should have. If you want to customize the look of your guns, you will have to pay for it. It's very very unlikely to find good skins and the amount of skin-drops is limited to 2-8 drops per week. All in all I think CS:GO is a game that continiues the series in a moderate way. It could be better but it could also be a lot worse. Since this game is not too expensive I can recommend you getting this game.
game-hours: 275.1
review: Russians,Turks,cheaters,noobs,broken mm system,everything broken,bad volvo servers,great tick rate *cough*sarcasm*cough*,all those rich fat kids with their awesome skins that will make you cry,all that silver ranks with great skins that will make you cry,SO MANY GIRLS IN THIS GAME PS. Noobs! In other words,if you want: weak heart,insomnia,stress,rage,panic,cancer,hate for the hummanity;than my friend,this is the game for you!
game-hours: 4667.2
review: a
game-hours: 74.3
review: This game gave me a 7 Day ban because my internet went out and I couldn't join back fast enough, piece of trash imo.
game-hours: 554.1
review: I love to play Office Counter: Strike Source. This game is great you have to stop the troops, and win the war. My favorite rifle to buy is the pistol because it's free you should try out the pistol gun when you play.
game-hours: 234.9
review: This game is not for the short run...its a way of gaming, its a way of life, it is a passion for competetive e-sport....once you go deep in this, theres not a single other game out there that could satisfy you this much.
game-hours: 287.2
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive truly is a game like no other. In Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, you are tasked with globally offending as many people as you possibly can in 30 rounds, with an array of tools such as mic spam, teamkilling, or racist bullet messages. It differs from the original Counter-Strike (Known as '1.6' because there are 1.6 people still playing) in the fact that it's not 37 years old. Counter-Strike Hardline refines the tried and true formula of Police (Voiced by Nolan North) vs Counter-Police (Voiced by Troy Baker), bringing in many new faces to each team, such as Jewish Toad from Super Mario Bros, a black guy, a ghost with a beret, and a hot topic customer. Counter-Strike: Black Ops adds exactly 3 new zones for you to wreak havoc in, bringing the total amount of maps to 1, but makes up for it with a large arsenal of over 70 weapons, which I will now list for you. -Ak-47 -M4 -AWP All in all, Counter-Strike: Global Defensive is a robust top down open world third person beat 'em up that tweaks the gunplay to its best, with amazing graphics and sound design, it's bound to keep you hooked until Counter-Strike 5. 0/5
game-hours: 279.5
review: They go pew pew, then you go pew pew. oh  times running out go defuse the bomb. Feels gud man.
game-hours: 169.2
review: I unboxed a $130 knife so i enjoy this game very much... -me
game-hours: 14.8
review: I am pretty new to PC FPS, I use to play COD on XBox but after quitting Xbox to play PC. I have gotten into this game alot more now. I Enjoy the gameplay and how its alot more fair. There are no hacks I have come across and the only thing bad is how much some of the market items cost. Seriously who the  spends 250 on a cosmetic item, who even has 250 in their steam wallet?
game-hours: 6.3
review: It's CS, of course it's good. :3
game-hours: 1277.3
review: I shot some guy like 2 time and he die, pre cool game 6/10
game-hours: 379.6
review: Mevcutla yetinemeyen, Srekli iyilemeyi ve Gelimeyi hedefleyen, teknolojiyi etkin kullanan kiiliklere tavsiyedir. Oyunda Drop item mevcut ma sonlarnda drdnz itemleri Topluluk pazarnda satabiliyorsunuz. Bu oyun ile Hesabnza steam dolar kazandrabilirsiniz ve bu biriken dolarlarla kendinze yeni oyunlar almanza imkan sunuyor. oyunun oynanabilirlii ok iyi vuru hissi ok iyi gnden gne iyileiyor ve gncellemelerinde hi bir sknt yok. Global Offensive gerekten ok iyi artk 1.6 brakn arkadalar Dnya bu oyuna geti, ilginize teekkr eder iyi oyunlar dilerim Sayglarmla/Bestregards.
game-hours: 1015.1
review: On Counter-Strike: Global Offensive since the announcement lay a huge responsibility. After all, the continuation of the legendary series of online shooters , a fan is a vast community will not tolerate the slag or just serednyachkovoy game. Benefit , Valve and not the studio that dares to disappoint their fans. Two years later, the clockwise and 691 held in opposition to the special forces and terrorists , I can proudly say that CS: GO is really failed. Even more than . Before continuing my review , it is worth noting that the only worthwhile game mode and remains to this day a bomb clearance , ie confrontation 5x5 , 30 rounds of 1 min. 45 sec. , In which the attacker must detonate a bomb at certain points , and protection appropriate to allow this to happen. One of the major advantages is the fact that CS: GO this type of game ( with minor changes ) placed in a separate section of the menu called ' competitive mode ' . Introduced a system of titles that helps you find a match according to your skill. In CS 1.6 and CS: Source competitive mode by default absent and was available only on certain servers , specially tuned for this type of game. The gameplay is not changed . Actually , nothing changed and is not required , a familiar mechanic works on hurray . Fixed characteristics of some weapons , something removed, something added to the overall picture it does not have nearly no effect. Shooting became more random, yes. But perhaps the most realistic FPS in the moment. If multiplayer shooter from you wait not fancy graphics and ballistics believable and interesting gameplay, then welcome to the CS: GO. Valve managed to make an almost perfect balance of gaming devices. With proper skill you can neutralize the enemy with a much more powerful weapon . Pistol rounds in CS: GO is not known to sink without a chance and an opportunity to take the round even with poor economies . But the most important advantage is the ratio of Valve to his fans . Almost every week there is a free upgrade , changing the gameplay for the better, in order to achieve a perfect balance . Approximately every six months out extensive additions cost 5-7 dollars with soccer fans cards that are available in the competitive mode. That's not counting skins for weapons that can get special opening drawers. In addition to all Valve maintains its competitive community , sponsoring tournaments large sums . And I am delighted that the number of people playing CS: GO, is increasing every day . But on the other hand it is the community CS was for me the only problem in this game. Because it often turns into a competitive mode into a farce and mutual humiliation. The only solution - only play with friends. Total we have a great continuation of one of the greatest franchises in history. To purchase required if gaming is important to you the gameplay itself . Best multiplayer shooter at this point, in my opinion. - beardATTACK @ fren
game-hours: 275.3
review: I joined arms race but I still used my legs 1/10
game-hours: 40.4
review: First, you think this game sucks . Then, you try comp with a friend and you get mad and ragequit. Then, another friend of yours calls you out on your skill level and asks you to give it a second chance. Then, you get taught some tips while a friend watches you solo comp. Then, you realize this game aint that bad. And then you realize you can't ing rocket jump. Rockets/10 pls add rockets Volvo.
game-hours: 629.4
review: Matchmaking sucks. People quit way to often. Never put with a full english speaking team. Always got someone crying for a weapon drop. Always one  chasing chickens. The community is filled with 8 year old CoD fanboys. Even if your the best, your a noob. End up spending way to much money on skins that don't mater. SO yeah, 15/10 best game I ever played.
game-hours: 417.9
review: Have yet to earn a killstreak 1/10
game-hours: 3204.5
review: My religion is Counter-Strike, has been for 11 years.
game-hours: 22.3
review: YOU CAN SELL 400DOLLAR ITEMS WOOOOOT!!
game-hours: 1079.7
review: I would use all of my money to save towards my college education, but that gun skin just looks gorgeous!
game-hours: 841.5
review: I don't really know why Global Offensive costs less than Source, but nevertheless, this is a great game, the successor of a real legend. It's a little hard to adapt if you come from games like Battlefield or CoD because of the recoil and no sights, but if you are dedicated, you can master it in no time. If you are a fan of shooters, you MUST play this game... but warning: it'll be addicting as hell.
game-hours: 821.2
review: Very nice game. Recommend to all the CS fans. ~ 9\10 ~
game-hours: 4356.9
review: Lolis.
game-hours: 759.3
review: hi iam 34 year man from somalia. i play this game to improv but tis not very good. first wen i start i do competitive and people tell go to b so i go to the b on teh wal. they then yell at me for look at wall ?? why the fk did they ask if they are just yell at me ??? also when iam start plae da gaem ppl keep kill me 1 shot to head and i get mad, but then i just stan back and say ' carm down es onli gaem ' and i am stay calm . i lern from my pro fren who is silver 4 in-game that if i get mad i am fail and alway die. die is not good. anyway i make it to silver 2 when i get good and that means i am not lowest rank !! I am going to try get silver 3 maybe but my fren in silver 4 is always gooder than me. i like game and i rate it 10 out 10
game-hours: 222.6
review: 100 hours. I know its not much but ive learnt alot. 1. If u dont click on their head hard enough, they wont die 2. Its impossible to get off of silver 3 3. I play it like its call of duty 4. Dan doesnt like playing with me 5. Harry cant use anything except the dak dak 6. Adam has played nearly 70+ hours more than me even though we bought it at the same time 7. Double zooming is for scrubs 8. Paul's a Cuunt 9. Michael screams like a girl 10. Everyone that is good at this game is 9 years old 11. This is the game were the word 'cumpts' was born 12. Pat is a try hard 10/10 ign would recomend to people who like doing the shooty shoots but with stategy
game-hours: 483.5
review: Like Skyrim with terrorists.
game-hours: 4356.9
review: Lolis.
game-hours: 2075.9
review: The game to get u addicted for coming years
game-hours: 431.2
review: Well, this game is amazing, and is very different from the past Counter Strikes. Graphics have improved alot, which I believe why many people love games because of their graphics. (Graphics aren't everything). As of the past Counter strikes, you would have to find a server with the particular gamemode that you want. (Arms race, Deathmatch etc etc) In CS-GO You wont have to worry about that, they have different gamemodes where you could actually choose to play in besides finding a server that has it. I have also notice that this is fairly alittle bit easier than any of the other counter strikes, probably since they reduce the recoil a bit? But either way, tap firing is always the key. Also many Unique Features they have added in this game. First off, there are the skins. Many people disliked this idea since they probably thought CS-GO would be "like" Call Of Duty. Well, adding skins doesn't really mean anything, it just makes you be able to battle in style. Not to also mention offline mode. Offline mode is basically playing with bots. Now, some Counter-Strikes did have bots such as Counter Strike Source, but I just thought it was nice that they would add "bots mode" back. Counter Strike Global Offensive is way different from any other FPS (First Person Shooter). It's much harder and takes a bunch of skills seeing the fact that many players are already pros. So, that's why I play Offline mode. If I were to rate this game out of 10, I'll probably give it a 7.5/10
game-hours: 202.2
review: there is call of duty, which has homophobic 12 year olds that rage at you at your lack of skill then there is CS:GO, which has homophobic 20 year olds that rage at you for your lack of skill and weapon skins
game-hours: 114.6
review: this game is so swag because im bad at it
game-hours: 2.3
review: Totally recommend, does lag a little (my computer), Tons of maps, awesome wep selection. Generally a good time :B1: <I don't think emoticons work like that..
game-hours: 603.4
review: Shot a person in the face. He died. 9/10
game-hours: 3192.5
review: Great game. Worth the money, I even preordered it when it came out. It offers lots of fun and meeting new people and not only that, also you get drops.
game-hours: 33.3
review: How can we make this game better? Did you say more maps? nah lets add boom boom chickens 10/10 valve (Powered by sauce)
game-hours: 969.2
review: This game is so uguu. I play with my friends its full of ha-to and burning passion of nakama. I like when I get the gun and I shoot with much incredible sniper action. The p90 is also the most kawaiiest gun I have ever seen and it makes my mune go kyuuuun. I highly recommend this for tomodachitachis and oniichans that want to have the most tanosi time together with incredible feeling building within nakama. Highly recommend to buy 'kawaii killer' sticker and dress up your guns like idolmaster game.
game-hours: 177.9
review: I'm Jihadi John and this is my favourite game on the citadel.
game-hours: 41.2
review: casual strike global ofailsyf veri gud gaem, veri gud
game-hours: 276.1
review: I was the last player in the round remaining, I just had an AWP Redline [mine] . I was going through the map, and was trying to find and kill the remaining Counter Terrorists, I No scopped a guy, which he fastly replied with: HACKER, HACKER OMG OMGGG.. Then another Counter Terrorist heard the gunfire and came to see what's going on, I camped the way through, and Body shotted him. I picked up an AK 47 That was on ground. I killed the remaining Counter Terrorists with the AK 47 That I found on ground. This was one of the best experiences that I will never forget. Rate: 15/10
game-hours: 391.6
review: pro90, awp, autosniper
game-hours: 1078.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 146.6
review: Gave me extreme autism and PTSD. some guy called my mum a scurvy wench also not bad
game-hours: 310.5
review: This game. This game was once fun. But updates have gone by and valve has brought out the hammers. Guns have been nerfed and guns have been made better. But, now. Valve shows you. A new update. Much Idea. Much well thought out. Goodbye Game. Hello delete button. You know the saying F*ck B1tches get money. Well, f*ck this game then go out and get a life.
game-hours: 724.2
review: Contains mild sexual violence and the molesting of little kids. Fun for the whole family.
game-hours: 199.7
review: epic wepons    ez skins ez lyfe    much skillz    Wow.
game-hours: 2847.9
review: Counter-Strike makes you work to enjoy the content, and you'll have to put many hours of play into it before enjoying the feeling of conquering it. Weapons are a huge part of the series too, with CS:GO not an exception. Each round provides a cash sum based on your previous performance, and with this you can purchase armour, projectiles and weapons. Firearms range from standard assault rifles to shotguns and sniper rifles, and you'll want to experiment with each one to see which works best. What makes Counter-Strike such a popular series - and what will no doubt make CS:GO the next big PC shooter - is the thrill of the ego chase. As you die, often continuously, the frustration is outweighed by an aspiration to do better. In a game where success is pinned on attention to detail, death often triggers an internal failure analysis that the player will mull over while waiting for a new session to load. It becomes a spiral of egging yourself on to do better - and if you become a good player, the game becomes a stage for you to parade your skills. Global Offensive builds on the CS series by going through a significant checklist presented by its community and marking off as many points as possible. Gun game as its own separate mode? Check. Competitive capabilities built in? Check. Map balancing here and there? Check, check, check. As a result, there are numerous upgrades that will adjust gameplay while also making accessibility far better. The wide range of grenades, for example, will likely make play more tactical - laying down incendiary grenades will thwart rushes, while decoys, which fake gunfire and fool radar points, are brilliant tools for messing with the minds of established players. The actual core shooting will be a huge talking point for many months to come. It has been tinkered slightly and gives weapons a noticeably floaty feel, which doesn't sit well to begin with. We eventually found ourselves enamoured by it, and the impact of hits add a real tactile distinction to play. It's what doesn't work, however, that is most notable. Regular mode has no new maps added to it, while all the new guns seem somewhat cosmetic. Global Offensive has also removed some of its middling weapons such as the MP5, essentially pushing even more players to stick with the AK and the M4. Sometimes it gives the impression that there is in fact less valuable content than in previous CS releases. If one assumed this was Counter-Strike Source with a visual mod installed, there would often be little to shake that impression. There's also now a split between casual and competitive servers - however, many players aren't yet aware of the differences, mainly because the distinction isn't made obvious enough. It becomes even more confusing if you join a community server with all hosts of mods installed on it, which have perhaps taken casual mode, turned friendly fire on and essentially made it as close to Source as possible. At times, arranging games in Competitive Mode feels like a chore. Joining a five-on-five war is simple enough, but attempt to lobby up with a group of friends and join a game, and you'll often hit a snag. Myself and a few others tried to find a competitive game with no luck, simply being told that no servers were currently available. When you finally do join, it works fine, but the wait and work required to find a game seems like a drawback. We eventually gave up and resorted to using IRC to find matches, as we would with Source. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is not the key evolution point that we were hoping for, and the response from the community often reflects this view. On many occasions, other players used phrases such as "same old" to us. This is elementally Counter-Strike Source with some fine-tuning under the bonnet, and Valve appears to have acknowledged this with the reasonable RRP attached to it. And yet the core DNA of the game has not lost its appeal. This is still a glorious experience that sets a benchmark for all multiplayer shooters. Valve's objective with Global Offensive was to draw together the active communities of both the Source and trusty 1.6 edition. It clearly has a good chance.
game-hours: 1334.3
review: Can't recommend this game before Valve fixes competitive matchmaking rank system and damage registering.
game-hours: 842.5
review: It is an improved Counter-Strike over Source, but there are a large number of problems. Getting kicked out of competitive or leaving in the middle of the round can result in a time-out, accuracy problems, hardware problems and more. However it is still Counter-Strike from deep within, and I like playing it. It just needs to be a little bit reworked.
game-hours: 186.4
review: Puppies are cool because they are like dogs.. but little.
game-hours: 827.2
review: Bought skins now im poor I rate 10/10 would play again!
game-hours: 762.6
review: Great game, until you start playing it for real. In competetive you run into people who are many ranks higher than yourself, or people who got another steam account, then bought the game again, in order to kill nubblets. It is also not too rare to run into hackers or people that should not of been placed in the rank they currently are. Then in casual, the same thing happens. This games matchmaking is horrid and needs a complete revamp.
game-hours: 128.2
review: I got shot. 10/10 Would get shot again.
game-hours: 871.1
review: Melodram Patheticism
game-hours: 474.0
review: Wanna fill GabeN's wallet buying keys? Buy this game. Wanna get  by smurfs who can't play at their own rank? Buy this game. Wanna get rekt by hackers when the game goes on sale? Buy this game. May the lord GabeN take my anal virginity if it means I can unbox a knife one day,
game-hours: 1042.5
review: Damage given: 99 in 3 hits
game-hours: 35.7
review: Hackers and smurfs are ruining it.
game-hours: 1156.9
review: hackers are taking over, so dont buy it.
game-hours: 467.7
review: I love all Counter-Stirkes, this one is pretty good. Personaly there are so many mechanical flaws that desrupt the whole game all together. This game can become rage inducing to certain extents. One notable flaw is the poor lag compensation and certain match making glitches for Competitive Mode. For the past 2 weeks, this game has been brutal with high pings on every single server I join. I'm getting banned for weeks just for having a poweroutage; some teamates accidentally either walk infront of you fireing a weapon a few times or walking into a HE grenade; and you get a ban/kick for their own fault. I enjoy this game at very few times, but not enough to be worth what it is. I regret buying this game.
game-hours: 248.7
review: Blue things with white hats, blue things with white hats everywhere.
game-hours: 2421.2
review: Smurfs,Cheaters,Russians,Kids and expensive skins. 10/10
game-hours: 1510.0
review: I never knew how many kids ed my mom before I started playing this game. Notes: - Knifes in Reallife 10 - Knifes Ingame 300 - be russian get flamed - be german in a russian 4 man stack get kicked - get named as hacker if you kill someone through the smoke - call other people hacker if they kill you - if you 're looking for friends in CS:GO, you won't find any - if you 're playing with friends in CS:GO, you 'll make enemys soon - play it for 2 weeks and you 'll learn russian pretty easy - most common words: , blyat, , hacker, noob, low 10/10 ps: i just bought the game for the storyline so who cares
game-hours: 822.5
review: Clutch or Kick.
game-hours: 1209.7
review: Once again, Valve never fails to deliver an epic title such as Counter Strike. For years, the Counter Strike community was divided into two titles: Counter Strike: 1.6 and Counter Strike: Source. But now thanks to Valve's latest Counter Strike adition, we can finally bring back the family all together. The addition of skins are all bonuses that make Counter Strike: Global Offensive even more enjoyable, following Team Fortress 2's hat and drop system. The money being used for E-sports for the best to take place in. The competitive rank system that finally matches players equally based in terms of skill and tactic, as well as giving you the prestige for winning. The game is not perfect, but then again no game is. But what seperates most games from this one is the fact that the beloved developers of Hidden Path Entertainment are always listening to the fans while working together with the top players to try to achieve the perfect gameplay (although there are many features that could be similar to DOTA 2 to make it even better, but Valve will learn soon). Thanks to this game more and more people are joining the community of this game and we should all work so that this game, or should I say franchise becomes the best First Person Shooter series EVER!
game-hours: 1307.3
review: Death is a great teacher. Failure in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is, as it always has been for this series, the greatest way to learn where you should have gone, what you shouldn't have done, and how you could have done better. Counter-Strike players spend a lot of time learning -- consequently, they are always getting better. Growth is an important factor in Global Offensive, especially if you're coming into Counter-Strike fresh or after a sabbatical. This is an extremely hardcore, skill-based first-person shooter, and it forces you to think differently than other modern shooters. If youre a Call of Duty player, youre going to need to change your play style to succeed here. Counter-Strike also tries developing into something new here as well, despite doing little to push itself beyond what its always done best. Global Offensive modifies old maps to keep veterans on their toes, and introduces official new modes that encourage different play styles for the first time in almost 15 years. For the uninitiated, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a small-scale, team-based first-person shooter with permanent death. When a counter-terrorist kills a terrorist planting explosives in a classic Defusal match, or a CT escort swallows a sniper round in Hostage Rescue, the victim is dead for good and doesn't respawn until the next round. As such, players on both sides must exercise skill and care. The bomb objective, meanwhile, gives everyone a purpose. Of course matches end when everyone on a team is dead, but a clever and coordinated terrorist team will give the CTs the slip, plant their bomb, and protect the bomb site. Between rounds, everyone spends earned cash on better gear and guns, and the cycle continues. Pieces of the Counter-Strike formula are dated at this point, but the superb heart and soul of Global Offensive is timeless. Teams are small, guns are lethal, and rounds are short. There's an addictive just-one-more-round quality to it, because there's a constant desire to do better than last time, to earn a satisfying kill, or to win in a new way. Call of Duty and Battlefield vets will wonder why they can't sprint to escape enemy fire or look down the iron sights to improve aim; Counter-Strike players will feel like they walked into their redecorated home. Certain map redesigns will catch hardcore fans off guard, but the changes are for the best -- the underpass choke point in de_dust, for instance, has a new escape route. Even in the face of genre evolution, Global Offensive doesnt care to adapt. CSGO is so dedicated to Counter-Strike's aging ideals despite market and trend changes that it brute-forces its way to success. Part of what makes it such an engaging competitive game is that killing in Global Offensive requires a wholly different skill set than other shooters. Everyone is limited to what they have and can see, with little room for character modification or on-the-fly advantages. Running and gunning is a useless play style, even if you've bought a helmet and kevlar that round, to the point that someone standing still is more likely to score the kill. Walking, crouching, or standing are your best bets to reduce the inaccurate spray of machine-gun fire Consequently, killing in Global Offensive feels good. There's a sickening sensation to dropping someone dead because you know they're not coming back. It's also satisfying knowing you used limited resources to play smarter than your victim. If players aren't watching corners, providing covering fire, or using smoke grenades and flashbangs, they're more likely to take a headshot from a more delicate and patient triggerman. The desire to experience that distinct feeling is a strong motivator to keep playing, even when you're getting steamrolled by an obviously better team. If you've played Counter-Strike before, Global Offensive probably sounds a whole lot like Counter-Strike. Like Counter-Strike: Source before it, Global Offensive exists simply to modernize the look of the classic competitive shooter, while doing little to disrupt the core form and function. At the same time, it does enough to color outside the lines of tradition to justify your time and effort. Fire is one of the most interesting new combat variables. Molotov cocktails and incendiary grenades either roast groups of guys or force them in another direction. Flames are a useful distraction or scare tactic, too. They're particularly useful during Demolition matches, which focus the fight at a single bomb site rather than giving terrorists two to pick between. The new and modified maps in this mode aren't as big as classic Counter-Strike arenas  entire sections have been cut off to direct teams toward a central location  but their thoughtful design is as intricate as ever. The Lake map is a standout -- there's a wide open yet densely populated yard around the bomb site, which is inside a sizable lakeside home with plenty of vantage points and hiding spots. To separate Demolition from Defusal, players can't buy between rounds. Instead, it takes a cue from the other new mode, Arms Race, in which each kill unlocks another weapon instantly. The better you do, the more you have to switch up the way you play, and because Demolition is so fast you'll need to be quick on your feet.
game-hours: 338.7
review: I'll just be straight-forward with this; this game is for ones who enjoy FPS, Counter-Strike games, and PvP. If you are one that doesnt enjoy those things then this game isn't for you. You will be faced with a lot of frustration and will regret purchasing this game. Now for those that do enjoy those things stated before, this game has better graphics than the previous CS games, intense competitive FPS matches, remakes of nostaligic classic CS maps, and new fun casual game modes like arms race. So yes, I will recommend this game, for those that love FPS.
game-hours: 173.2
review: If you get a case, you pay to buy a key. With that key you can open the case. Then. You get something totally . When you get that you can either use it in game. Or sell it. Either way Steam makes money. Because you get more cases. And you buy more keys. And you get more cases. And you buy more keys. And you get more cases. And you buy more keys. And you get more cases. And you buy more keys. And you get more cases. And you buy more keys. And you get more cases. And you buy more keys. And you get more cases. And you buy more keys. And you get more cases. And you buy more keys. And you get more cases. And you buy more keys. And you get more cases. And you buy more keys. And you get more cases. And you buy more keys. And you get more cases. And you buy more keys. And you get more cases. And you buy more keys. And you get more cases. 10/10 Would GabeN again.
game-hours: 1357.4
review: I hate this game. How do I stop playing it?
game-hours: 44.8
review: AWESOME! Fun and action non stop! Much better than CSS.
game-hours: 2123.1
review: Hated it first (beta) , loved it after. If you're comming from another CS you'll feel the huge difference yet give it some time and you'll see it has everything you always asked for a CS game to have.
game-hours: 34.5
review: Has the flavour of the original Counter-Strike but with better graphics. Who wouldn't like this?
game-hours: 762.1
review: This game sucks. And i like it!
game-hours: 761.8
review: hope all counter strike source and 1.6 players will be smart enough to start playing this :)
game-hours: 2.5
review: MORE LIKE CS:GO PLAY SOMETHING ELSE!
game-hours: 550.7
review: Love it, but hate it, but love it, but... UGH!! >.<
game-hours: 516.5
review: According to the average opponent, you're always a noob. If you're losing a game, you're a noob. If you're winning a game, you're a lucky noob. If you die, you're a noob. If you get a headshot you're a hacking noob. If you have a good skin, you're a noob who scams. If you have none, you're a noob with no experience. If you use an autosniper and kill someone, you're a COD noob. If you use a normally used weapon you're a boring noob. 10/10 best noob simulator out there!
game-hours: 245.9
review: What the "#$#$! is wrong with you people???? People blatantly CHEAT like HELL.... this game is ruined by very bad community....This is your most competitive game after Dota 2 and is unplayable...they are climbing on trees shooting thru walls prefiring awp? TURNING CHEATS ON OFF tactics...THEY CHARACTER IS BEHAVING UNNATURALY it's the best tell... they are going from NOOBS TO PROS IN 60SECS....
game-hours: 1177.5
review: Game on sale nonstop, attracting tons of cheaters.
game-hours: 13.6
review: It is not offensive to me. 0/10
game-hours: 1780.6
review: Great Game, u take ur ak47 n turn da corner blatblatblat kill dey guys n blow dem up tha bomb.U dont play ura  poop. A byebye.
game-hours: 577.5
review: I didn't know what to write about in my review, so here's a recipe for pancakes instead: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour 3 1/2 teaspoons baking powder 1 teaspoon salt 1 tablespoon white sugar 1 1/4 cups milk 1 egg 3 tablespoons butter, melted 1. In a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, salt and sugar. Make a well in the center and pour in the milk, egg and melted butter; mix until smooth. 2. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake. Brown on both sides and serve hot.
game-hours: 1105.7
review: Really worth Buying.
game-hours: 1377.2
review: After those hours of playing i can say... This game needs 128 tick servers
game-hours: 537.3
review: "I should have quit this  long ago but I can't say no to all the ing dough"
game-hours: 795.6
review: Was playing with a russian teammate, i called "Nice" in voice chat it has said, " We fear no one ", he replied i fear mama and he started laughing so hard.
game-hours: 320.2
review: Death is a great teacher. Failure in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is, as it always has been for this series, the greatest way to learn where you should have gone, what you shouldn't have done, and how you could have done better. Counter-Strike players spend a lot of time learning -- consequently, they are always getting better. Growth is an important factor in Global Offensive, especially if you're coming into Counter-Strike fresh or after a sabbatical. This is an extremely hardcore, skill-based first-person shooter, and it forces you to think differently than other modern shooters. If youre a Call of Duty player, youre going to need to change your play style to succeed here. Counter-Strike also tries developing into something new here as well, despite doing little to push itself beyond what its always done best. Global Offensive modifies old maps to keep veterans on their toes, and introduces official new modes that encourage different play styles for the first time in almost 15 years. For the uninitiated, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a small-scale, team-based first-person shooter with permanent death. When a counter-terrorist kills a terrorist planting explosives in a classic Defusal match, or a CT escort swallows a sniper round in Hostage Rescue, the victim is dead for good and doesn't respawn until the next round. As such, players on both sides must exercise skill and care. The bomb objective, meanwhile, gives everyone a purpose. Of course matches end when everyone on a team is dead, but a clever and coordinated terrorist team will give the CTs the slip, plant their bomb, and protect the bomb site. Between rounds, everyone spends earned cash on better gear and guns, and the cycle continues. Pieces of the Counter-Strike formula are dated at this point, but the superb heart and soul of Global Offensive is timeless. Teams are small, guns are lethal, and rounds are short. There's an addictive just-one-more-round quality to it, because there's a constant desire to do better than last time, to earn a satisfying kill, or to win in a new way. Call of Duty and Battlefield vets will wonder why they can't sprint to escape enemy fire or look down the iron sights to improve aim; Counter-Strike players will feel like they walked into their redecorated home. Certain map redesigns will catch hardcore fans off guard, but the changes are for the best -- the underpass choke point in de_dust, for instance, has a new escape route. Even in the face of genre evolution, Global Offensive doesnt care to adapt. CSGO is so dedicated to Counter-Strike's aging ideals despite market and trend changes that it brute-forces its way to success. Part of what makes it such an engaging competitive game is that killing in Global Offensive requires a wholly different skill set than other shooters. Everyone is limited to what they have and can see, with little room for character modification or on-the-fly advantages. Running and gunning is a useless play style, even if you've bought a helmet and kevlar that round, to the point that someone standing still is more likely to score the kill. Walking, crouching, or standing are your best bets to reduce the inaccurate spray of machine-gun fire. Consequently, killing in Global Offensive feels good. There's a sickening sensation to dropping someone dead because you know they're not coming back. It's also satisfying knowing you used limited resources to play smarter than your victim. If players aren't watching corners, providing covering fire, or using smoke grenades and flashbangs, they're more likely to take a headshot from a more delicate and patient triggerman. The desire to experience that distinct feeling is a strong motivator to keep playing, even when you're getting steamrolled by an obviously better team. If you've played Counter-Strike before, Global Offensive probably sounds a whole lot like Counter-Strike. Like Counter-Strike: Source before it, Global Offensive exists simply to modernize the look of the classic competitive shooter, while doing little to disrupt the core form and function. At the same time, it does enough to color outside the lines of tradition to justify your time and effort. Fire is one of the most interesting new combat variables. Molotov cocktails and incendiary grenades either roast groups of guys or force them in another direction. Flames are a useful distraction or scare tactic, too. They're particularly useful during Demolition matches, which focus the fight at a single bomb site rather than giving terrorists two to pick between. The new and modified maps in this mode aren't as big as classic Counter-Strike arenas  entire sections have been cut off to direct teams toward a central location  but their thoughtful design is as intricate as ever. The Lake map is a standout -- there's a wide open yet densely populated yard around the bomb site, which is inside a sizable lakeside home with plenty of vantage points and hiding spots. To separate Demolition from Defusal, players can't buy between rounds. Instead, it takes a cue from the other new mode, Arms Race, in which each kill unlocks another weapon instantly. The better you do, the more you have to switch up the way you play, and because Demolition is so fast you'll need to be quick on your feet. Unlike other game types, Arms Race allows for respawns. It's the most chaotic and care-free mode in Global Offensive, with players throwing caution to the wind for the sake of climbing the kill ladder as quickly as possible. It's a shame there are only two maps in Arms Race -- a problem that will more likely persist on consoles than PC. If you have the option, playing the PC version is unquestionably the best way to experience Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. Mods, mouse and keyboard, and the usual PC-only options are better than the ports. Plus, Valve is much better about long-term PC support -- it abandoned Team Fortress 2 on consoles, and Portal 2's level editor was PC exclusive. If you prefer to play on consoles, Global Offensive is the same great game, with the following special bits:
game-hours: 132.1
review: It's a great game to play, if you love being insulted by raging nerds who blame their teamates every time they get killed.
game-hours: 1188.2
review: EZ skins EZ life
game-hours: 820.2
review: My whole team had a silver elite rank during the competitive. Got a enemy team whose rank was master guardian elite. 11/10 - WORTH IT.
game-hours: 4926.6
review: boom fps game
game-hours: 1203.3
review: I mean how can you not like a better engine?
game-hours: 237.1
review: Hepimiz kklmzde Counter Strike oyunlarndan birini muhakkak oynamzdr, Counter'n yenilenen bu srmnde Silah Yar bata olmak zere lm Oyunu, Rekabeti vb gibi modlar var bunlar ana olanlar. Rekabeti modunda bildiimiz bomba kurup veya dier takmn tm yelerini ldrme olay var, ama sonunda size gzel hediyeler verebiliyor, ve arkadalarnzla takm oluturup rekabetide dierlerine kar yarabiliyorsunuz. Oyunun marketi de deerli olabiliyor, rnein rekabetiden kazandm bir silah u an CS GO'nun pazarnda 5 dolara tekabl ediyor. Eer ansnz iyiyse gelen silahlarn bazlarn kullanp bazlarn deerlendirerek oyunun tadn karabilirsiniz. Silah Yarnda ise oyundaki tm silahlarn kullanarak baa doru ilerliyorsunuz ve verilen her silahla bir kii ldrmeniz gerekiyor o silahla bir kii ldrdnzde dier silaha geiyorsunuz ve bu baa kadar byle gidiyor, bakta ise en son ldrdnzde modu tamamlam oluyorsunuz. Elenceli. 1.6'dan iyi.
game-hours: 2447.6
review: I used to be an Xbox addict. But after playing this game, I have now stopped playing xbox for months. After all the years of playing COD i have finally figured out why I never had a girl friend. I was alone, played alone, lived alone, I thought it would never end... Then my friends told me about steam and after a while I found this game, Counter Strike: Global Offensive. I was excited to play it, i played it everyday NONSTOP until i felt like going to sleep. One day, I woke up and of course started playing cs go, I noticed what i have became...a csgo addict. I didn't know what to do when i was thinking of that. I quickly shut off my computer and went outside for once. I thought about what i was thinking...I decided to go back inside, still trying to get it out of my head..."a csgo addict". I started crying...I didn't know what to do. I couldn't stop playing now...I have only just begun. I looked at all the money i had left and wasted it on cs go skins. The addiction is growing. I couldn't stop it even if a tried, thats when i realized...that i have fully became a cs go addict. To this day, I'm still a cs go addict. I love cs go and will never stop playing it... 10/10 Ruined my life that i never had...
game-hours: 717.8
review: -Free Russian language lessons -Every English speaker is a ''F*****G AMERICAN'' and every non English speaker is a ''RUSSIAN'' -Mic Rage until your ears start bleeding
game-hours: 184.0
review: BOTs are more than just targets. We have a highly specific skill set, and we complete mission objectives. We may go rogue on occassion, but that makes us more like the human players.
game-hours: 91.6
review: Virtual knives cost more than real knives. 10/10
game-hours: 59.3
review: I ranked up to Bronze Elite
game-hours: 1386.5
review: It has guns - you shoot guns. Win.
game-hours: 1.3
review: Just started playing this game. I have found it to be fun to play. I allways see alot of players using this game so feel it is very interesting for user to play.
game-hours: 292.3
review: BEST GAME EVER. I was a COD addict but now IM A CSGO ADDICT. SO MUCH MORE FUN AND INTENSE. WAY BETTER THEN COD OR ANY OTHER SHOOTING GAME. BEST IF PLAYING WITH FRIENDS!!
game-hours: 1613.3
review: Fine game when adapting, needs some improvements still to be able to live up with previous franchises.
game-hours: 23.9
review: i suck at this game and rarely play it 10/10
game-hours: 34.4
review: As a fellow Amurican, I have always felt the need to shoot terrorists in the face while eating a KFC Double Down Sandwich. Now that I have CS:GO, I can shoot the brown people, then wash it down with a Super Duper Double Big Gulp from 7 Eleven, and some homemade deep fried apple pie. God Bless this country
game-hours: 259.2
review: lots of russians, lots of safari mesh and expensive knives, what more could you ask for? making mad bank using this game, thanks valve
game-hours: 964.2
review: Teamwork and skill are the standouts that gap this shooter from many others. improves on previous CS editions with imporved mechannics and alot of balancing along with micro-purchases. this game is highly addicting with a strong emphasis on co-operation and and mental strengh teamed with aim and many other factors. with the goods there are still problems; the biggest being the community, with many people hacking or generally being a pain in the . I highly recommend this game for anyone that loves shooters and competive games.
game-hours: 603.4
review: This game allows me to not go outside and socialize with people anymore. 10/10 would bang again
game-hours: 1999.2
review: It's different than previous installments in the series. The recoil of the weapons is dramatic and infuriatingly unreal looking. It's very possible to almost completely miss a target standing in front of you at no more than 1 meter (gamewise meter) and deliver only one hit with the AK. The AWP for example isn't the surgical instrument of death no more. The shoot area isn't a dot (the dot in the center of your reticle) but a quite large "box". Also the physics of it seem a bit off, I cannot understand how you can be stopped from running from being hit with a smoke grenade, HE grenade, flash bang or molotov/incendiary. It is ridiculous and reminds me of the old stuck-in-the-ground with smoke launched at feet bug in Counter-Strike 1.4. I have the frustrating sensation that I am constantly playing a BETA game, a BETA I have purchased. Also lots of cheaters in Competitive matches. Competitive matches were supposed to be the bread and butter of the new series but the experience is very often destroyed by obvious cheat using players. I guess it is so easy to cheat in this game since there are lots of them. The Overwatch isn't helping much and participating in the Overwatch program ruins the faith in this program because 4 in 5 demos submited to Overwatch have players blatantly using wallhack. I guess the Overwatch can VAC ban one and while 10 more players start using it. In spite of all it has potential, it looks good and the maps, the old ones and the new ones added, are interesting and fun to play.
game-hours: 154.9
review: Best counter strike ever
game-hours: 511.9
review: Don't be that guy in a rush. I'm that guy in the rush.
game-hours: 1073.0
review: There's plenty of things to like about today's modern shooters, but Counter-Strike is the only one of its kind designed to be anything other than a throwaway novelty you replace every year.
game-hours: 1686.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 760.3
review: Counter Strike !   1      6-7       ,  ()    ?  - 4   1-3  ,2      ()   ruski kurIIIa..        )       ! 10/10  !!!
game-hours: 419.3
review: You can make money with this game!
game-hours: 707.7
review: I had so many plans for this summer. I wanted to learn to play DOTA 2. I wanted to learn CSS. I wanted to get myself hard at work saving for a car and some more parts I need. Then my friends asked me to play a couple rounds of CS:GO with them. Told them I was rusty, having not played since the year before, but I'd try. I've played 75 hours in the past two weeks. I've gained 15 pounds. I smell horrible. I've slept a total of 2 hours in the past two days. 10/10 do recommend.
game-hours: 708.8
review: 10/10 would go AFK again.
game-hours: 1042.8
review: The chickens make a come back in the game with new and improved features! - New sound effects! - Chickens can now squeal as you slaughter it with a knife, molotov, negev, or any weapon of your choice! - Realistic and improved AI! - Almost completely realistic pecking on ground and will now dance (or run) upon hearing gunshots! - Know thy chicken, know thy enemy! - The chickens know what you did to their breathens. They fear you. They run from you. Chicken running for no reason? Enemy nearby! - Child friendly! - No blood, gore or dismembered chicken heads splurting out blood as it runs to it's death. Instead, bursts into a flurry of feathers! Now even kids can enjoy the game! - Point system! - With a points system implemented, chickens give 1 point for every kill. Why waste time killing the terrorist/counter-terrorist when you can get 1 point per chicken? Now available in most CS:GO maps! Get the game now and enjoy clucking hours of fun!
game-hours: 969.0
review: $2.49 Removal Simulator
game-hours: 2739.9
review: Best shooting game for me ever. A lot of hackers, but you are able to choose to play in certain time to avoid them. Mostly they are high ranks in competitive mode. Casual, Demolition, Arms Race, Deathmatch mode and workshop maps are fun. Be patient, well teamwork, good in hearing, accurate aim skills and game sense are the keys to be pro in this game. Practice make Perfect !
game-hours: 926.5
review: tbh i only play the game for the skins
game-hours: 91.9
review: Best shooter game made with Awesome skins from others who made it Its also awesome cause we can make custom skins and let others see it and rate it !
game-hours: 866.4
review: Cosmetic-Strike
game-hours: 1683.6
review: 10/10 would get cheated again
game-hours: 229.7
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a first-person shooter and the next generation of Counter-Strike running on updated Source Engine and has many new features added. The gameplay is also has been revamped so even new players can play the game without much difficulty. This means slightly less weapons recoil and no need to buy weapons ammo anymore. There are many new game modes such as deathmatch, arms race and the competitive online match. There's also the new Arms Deal update where each weapons now has many skins which can be acquired when you play on VAC enabled servers in a timed based item drops or by opening a weapons case with certain bought keys. Weapons skins can be used to show off, traded or sold on Steam marketplace. You can even change your weapons name and add some description about it. You can also submit your own weapon skins or maps if you have the creativity so that maybe Valve will add it in the next game update, therefore supporting the game even further. Graphics in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive has been vastly improved. Characters model are all fresh new while retaining the same design and faction with some new faction added. The map is upgraded even better to look more realistic than ever. The new Source Engine also made the ragdoll physic effect and many effects feels more realistic. Despite all of the upgraded graphics, the game runs amazingly smooth and optimized and doesn't really need high-end system. Oh, but before you buy this or even play the game, you better be ready to throw yourself into a real hot zone out there, as the community of this game is... well... unforgiving. You either die as a noob or live long enough the get a title hacker. This is yet the best Counter-Strike game where casual and hardcore gamers can play. I recommend this. Rating 9/10
game-hours: 694.5
review: I really want to recommend this game. It's a more immersive shooter than any of the Call of Duty series, and the way the game is made requires logical thinking and tactical strategies to win rounds with your teammates. When the game goes well, it's buckets of fun. Unfortunately, I cannot recommend this game to newcomers. There are many reasons for this. First of all, unless you plan to mill around in deathmatch or the other lesser-played game modes (so anything but casual/competitive), you're going to die, a lot. And then you wait. You watch your uncooperative anonymous Russian teammates slowly break apart and lose the rounds in the most ludicrious fashion. If you can stand the game long enough to become half decent at it, you may find that you can often shoot someone in the head, literally tracing the bullet into their cranium, only to see that it doesn't register the hit due to the sub-standard 64 tickrate matchmaking servers and/or your West Country internet connection, thus falling victim to yet another unfair situation. If your internet connection is not the problem, you may try using ESEA or Faceit to play your competitive matches with. So you can pay more to play the game for no benefit other than to escape the crap quality of the standard servers, or faff about on Faceit, waiting for the afk team captains to pick maps, or the other team to cower away during the initial deciding knife round. After a few bad experiences, I've decided that Faceit isn't worth the hassle. Playing competitive also puts you in danger of not only numerous wallhackers, but mainly these things called smurfs. Put the image of the little happy blue creature out of your head: these are the players with a high rank on their first steam account, then make second/third/fourth accounts to play against easier opponents. It's that simple, yet it's infuriating and game-destroying for us lower ranked players. And when you discover this in a competitive game, your only choices are to stay there and endure it, gradually losing your sanity, or take a competitive ban. If you're lucky enough to have decent friends, they may just kick you from the game, sparing you of either choice. Having played almost 3 solid week's worth of the game in total, I have accumulated a wide friend group who also shares my pain, but we still play together for the social side. This is when I can recommend the game: when you've already played a lot of CS:GO and have many friends that also play the game. If you're new, and have less patience than a special forces marksman, you're going to hate this game. I hope that if you decide to play this game, you can take my advice with a pinch of salt, as I am admittedly easily riled up in the heat of the moment. However, if you too go ape, you only have yourself to blame. Also, look out for skin collecting. I've been caught by it, it saps a lot of your money, and is literally an addiction. Not a good one like being immersed in a fandom or crack cocaine: one that's ultimately utterly pointless.
game-hours: 2207.8
review: Counter Strike is a must have shooter game. It's a highly challenging FPS's that requires a lot of players to relearn certain shooting mechanics, but after the learning curve the game is a lot of fun. The most addicting part of the game is the skins and item boxes. Don't get addicted! LoL.
game-hours: 448.7
review: Counter Strike Global Offensive is a fun multiplayer and coompetetive game and has a lot of features,weapons,skins and maps :D 9/10
game-hours: 974.0
review: Best Game :3 ...buy it now!
game-hours: 779.9
review: This game is probably better than Half Life 3. Watching Fnatic forfeit Dreamhack is a more satisfying ending than finishing the story for the Half Life seires. Did you ever want to know what it feels like to play in the finals for the Olympics? Play CS GO, it's probably more competetive than the FIFA world cup finals. Final verdict Pros Like Half Life 3, but better Cons de_cbble 10.3/10
game-hours: 109.5
review: I honestly do not like this game at all. This is my personal preference, I do not enjoy the round-based gameplay, I very much prefer jumping into a game and enjoying a no holds barred gorefest. But for all the readers out there, I'm throwing away my bias when it comes to reviewing this game! THE GOOD: The graphics for this game are very pretty. The game and everything (or mostly everything) in it has been polished greatly since the last rendition While I don't like the competitive gamemode (or casual, for that matter), I CAN acknowledge that when I DID play the game, I did feel that this gamemode really did capture the charm and tension that the other Counter-Strike games gave off. Deathmatch and Arms Race can be quite fun, using most of the Counter-Strike mechanics without the round-based gameplay that the rest of the game is so popular for THE BAD: The way the skins work make no sense. I can't understand how two people would get the same skin on the same gun, only to have one get factory new and the other battle-scarred. Personally, I feel the skins would make much more sense they would drop as factory new and deteriorate over time. Granted, it'll never work now, as it would definitely ruin the economy... The spawns in Deathmatch/Arms Race are horrible. while they've been improved over the months, I would still have an occasional issue where I'd kill one guy, only to have them respawn close by and shoot me down moments later. OVERALL: While I don't enjoy round-based gameplay, and the deathmatch spawns are too shoddy for me to truly enjoy it, I'd still really recommend the competitive gamemode to those who are really interested in that kind of thing. This game has a HUGE playerbase, so you'll never be left waiting for hours for a game! While this review gives off most of what I wanted to get across, I also wrote a slightly more detailed version over on my blog. If you liked this review and would like to read more, please do check it out:
game-hours: 1093.7
review: Everyone has ACE ACE ACE ACE! ACE ACE ACE ACE ACE ACE! Everyone has ACE! And so this is the end of our story And everyone is dead from ACE It took from me my best friend My only true pal My only bright star (he died of ACE) Well I'm gonna march on Washington Lead the fight and charge the brigades There's a hero inside of all of us I'll make them see everyone has ACE! My father (ACE!) My sister (ACE!) My uncle and my cousin and her best friend (ACE ACE ACE!) The gays and the straights And the white and the spades Everyone has ACE! My grandma and my dog 'ol blue (ACE ACE ACE) The pope has got it and so do you (ACE ACE ACE ACE ACE) C'mon everybody we got quilting to do (ACE ACE ACE ACE ACE) We gotta break down these baricades, everyone has ACE! x 20
game-hours: 442.7
review: Game does not track chicken kills: 0/10 Can Fish: 10/10 5/10 Spent $400 Gambling in this game. $0 out of it. 10/10
game-hours: 173.7
review: banned for 7 days because a team mate walked infront of my awp as I tried to shoot a guy in the enemy spawn 10/10
game-hours: 199.9
review: bad
game-hours: 908.7
review: Can't recommend this game to anyone due to the iest servers on the planet for competitive, and even pubs. A fraction of a game compared to what CSS or 1.6 was.
game-hours: 58.1
review: Too many smurfs This makes me cry :( Btw this is my smurf account BUT i got a higher rank here so i mostly play here. I just cant rank up on my main because i always meet cheaters and or other smurfers...
game-hours: 692.7
review: If you want to lose your social life BUY IT!
game-hours: 1076.3
review: This game is the best FPS game I ever played
game-hours: 36.4
review: much more realistic graphic,a lot of fun,Worth the prize!
game-hours: 473.9
review: The best Counter-Strike after Source!
game-hours: 136.5
review: Every-time this game goes on sale something inside of me dies. Thinking ( Here comes more hackers and smurfs ) 494,368 in game right now which is the highest peak it ever reached until now. EDIT : Now its 595,439 Anyway Csgo is a great game. I mean if you don't know any of the counter-strike series thats really bad because you have to, it is the basic fps game out there. In csgo it is even more fun and much more in-depth than Counterstrike:source. More modes more maps, and matchmaking systems and customize-able skins. I'v had a few people who don't know it thinking you buy better weapons with money. Nope all players same weapons just different colors ( Skins ) Thats all But the sad part of the game is having a lot of hackers, everytime it goes on sale = more and more hackers. Well that said you can play a lot of games without encountering one and just having some fair maps. But at ( Competitive ) mode you are most likely to encounter more hackers than you can count because thats the ranked mode in the game. Anyway, My favorite Fps on steam, I Loved Source so much but after getting into Global offensive i dont see myself trying source ever again. Also in this game you get weapon drops after finishing maps ( Random drops ) so you can trade/sell on market and gain some money, I got about 89$ from selling those stuff. good for people who wants to waste all their time on an FPS and still get something out of it.
game-hours: 727.8
review: Reasons why we lost 2% : The enemy team was better 98% : F*ckin !t
game-hours: 812.2
review: Although it is the biggest rage simulator out there, I still keep coming back to this game. Also, the community is rarely friendly but if you don't care about that, then definitely buy this game.
game-hours: 705.7
review: ,       ....  ,                  .    ,   1   .     2-3      !   ....        :       ' '    ,  ''           . ,             ,    !    .....         ! :O :O .  ... ' ', ''        .           B              !     !      !      .            ,  *    .           !!             . ,        ,           . ,          .           ,    .          .              ,        .      ,          AWP             :/
game-hours: 512.7
review: doug dimmadome approves
game-hours: 528.7
review: You either die as a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker.
game-hours: 130.6
review: Counter Strike Global Offense, what makes it so great? What did Valve do that made it so popular? What does CSGO have that other FPS's don't? Here, let me list some pros and cons! Pros: 1. Huge Player base 2. Lots of different modes 3. Is very competitive 4. Takes a new approach to FPS's 5. Very well deatailed maps 6. Lots of different weapons to choose from 7. Action in CSGo is simply awesome 8. Fun and can be tactical when playing with friends 9. Can make money! 10. Is just fun, can't explain it any more then that, its just plain fun. Cons: Very rude and toxic community (You will be called a noob many times) Very addicting (WAY to addicting)
game-hours: 571.5
review: Amazing game. Good matchmaking, good servers. Nothing more to say: BUY IT.
game-hours: 853.3
review: So Counter Strike Global Offensive (CSGO) is the latest revision of the long running Half-Life mod fps. Created by Hidden Path the game is more of a refinement towards modern day military shooters then previous instalments such cs 1.6, cscz and css. This is mainly to allow a more broaden appeal to the masses of COD and Battlefield generation. You see CS generally has always had a very hardcore user base that is highly skilled. You'd be lucky to find yourself top of your first few games as a beginner like you could do in the fore-mentioned rival franchises in competitive multiplayer. How have they achieved this and to what extent it is successful is down to personal preference. The newly included arms race and demolition modes allows for a more fast pace and tightly confined CQC mode that allows the players little to no down time unlike the traditional bomb/defuse or hostage maps that most players are familiar with. For me though these modes are not the real meat of the game and if youre an experienced player these will only be glanced over and served as a side show at before delving into the traditional modes. The inclusion of some new weapons and equipment helps to change up csgo such as the Molotov and allow for different variations of old school tactics. Most of the well know maps are available from the offset and the workshop community is as good as it gets with newly created maps, game types and weapon skins to name but a few. There is the introduction of operation payback whereby a selection of community maps are promoted and available for players for a small fee across the whole of csgo and some of these are a delight to play. So why would you choose this over css for the experienced player. I find that it adheres to the original 1.6 far more closely then css ever did. The aiming is tight and follows the recoil sprays on many of the automatic guys far more closely. There are many updates that valve and hidden path are pushing though, such as spectator mode, competition spectators i.e. Dreamhack, newly released weapon finishes through drops and crate drops and newly revised maps being released mirage and cobble to name but a few. For me the main reason for this instalment above all others if the great competitive mode. Ranked csgo was never really available unless you sign up to a league such as ED, played pcws or cups. Now however with competitive mode 5vs5 ranked games are a blast if not for a few small problems that really need to be ironed out. These include dropped players being replaced by bots, hacking and over watch submissions, uneven rank matches to name but a few. If you though take the game as it meant to be played as a highly skilled social and fun game then the latest version of this simple but vastly complex game will delight you as it has me.
game-hours: 227.6
review: CS: GO stands as a glowing reminder that quality game design is rewarded in longevity and variety. Valve has not only updated the shooter but has completely outclassed its contemporaries. This is Counter-Strike, whatever the format you choose to play it on, and there isn't a higher recommendation than that.
game-hours: 1383.6
review: Been playing for 12 years. I still can't get bored of it. Best shooter ever made.
game-hours: 243.0
review: I blew up a guy with a HE nade and the corpse went flying into my face 10000/10
game-hours: 492.5
review: You know you have a problem when you're dropping your life savings into purchasing a digital knife. 10/10 would sell my family into slavery for a butterfly knife
game-hours: 512.5
review: I once killed someone by throwing a smoke grenade into their head. That was nice.
game-hours: 694.8
review: 94 wins still silver 1. Teams are too good. 10/10 would rage again.
game-hours: 763.9
review: Whether you're a casual FPS gamer or a very competitive hard-core player, CS:GO is where it's at. A large variety of game modes from frantic action to tactical matches that rely on strategy as heavily as skill give this title plenty of value. There is no single player campaign, though playing with bots is always an option. CS:GO's highly polished gameplay and graphics that look fine without being too flashy let you concentrate on playing a game rather than crazy visuals. It can't be understated that the HUD stays very clean unlike most modern shooters (Battlefield and COD, I'm looking at you!). Unlike previous CS titles, GO includes a weapon drop system similar to DOTA 2 or TF2 but all weapons are skins and merely for aesthetics. You can actually sell your free weapon drops on the Steam market if you're lucky! I've personally made $30 steam bucks so far. For competitive gamers, CS:GO is one of the largest Esports in the world (and THE largest FPS). The DreamHack Winter 2013 tournament featured a prize pool of $250,000! It's easy to get started because there is a great in-game Competitive matchmaker that throws together teams of 5v5. With any internet game, you're going to meet some jerks, but I've had a great experience with the matchmaker and have made a lot of Steam friends that have taught me a lot. Don't be discouraged by the learning curve. With great effort, comes great rewards! Now GO buy it!!
game-hours: 2541.6
review: Good game, worth the money.
game-hours: 454.4
review: i (you will too) have encountered so many  moments in my hours of playing this game, yet you can never get bored of it
game-hours: 158.2
review: Death is a great teacher. Failure in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is, as it always has been for this series, the greatest way to learn where you should have gone, what you shouldn't have done, and how you could have done better. Counter-Strike players spend a lot of time learning -- consequently, they are always getting better. Growth is an important factor in Global Offensive, especially if you're coming into Counter-Strike fresh or after a sabbatical. This is an extremely hardcore, skill-based first-person shooter, and it forces you to think differently than other modern shooters. If youre a Call of Duty player, youre going to need to change your play style to succeed here. Counter-Strike also tries developing into something new here as well, despite doing little to push itself beyond what its always done best. Global Offensive modifies old maps to keep veterans on their toes, and introduces official new modes that encourage different play styles for the first time in almost 15 years. For the uninitiated, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a small-scale, team-based first-person shooter with permanent death. When a counter-terrorist kills a terrorist planting explosives in a classic Defusal match, or a CT escort swallows a sniper round in Hostage Rescue, the victim is dead for good and doesn't respawn until the next round. As such, players on both sides must exercise skill and care. The bomb objective, meanwhile, gives everyone a purpose. Of course matches end when everyone on a team is dead, but a clever and coordinated terrorist team will give the CTs the slip, plant their bomb, and protect the bomb site. Between rounds, everyone spends earned cash on better gear and guns, and the cycle continues. Pieces of the Counter-Strike formula are dated at this point, but the superb heart and soul of Global Offensive is timeless. Teams are small, guns are lethal, and rounds are short. There's an addictive just-one-more-round quality to it, because there's a constant desire to do better than last time, to earn a satisfying kill, or to win in a new way. Call of Duty and Battlefield vets will wonder why they can't sprint to escape enemy fire or look down the iron sights to improve aim; Counter-Strike players will feel like they walked into their redecorated home. Certain map redesigns will catch hardcore fans off guard, but the changes are for the best -- the underpass choke point in de_dust, for instance, has a new escape route. Even in the face of genre evolution, Global Offensive doesnt care to adapt. CSGO is so dedicated to Counter-Strike's aging ideals despite market and trend changes that it brute-forces its way to success. Part of what makes it such an engaging competitive game is that killing in Global Offensive requires a wholly different skill set than other shooters. Everyone is limited to what they have and can see, with little room for character modification or on-the-fly advantages. Running and gunning is a useless play style, even if you've bought a helmet and kevlar that round, to the point that someone standing still is more likely to score the kill. Walking, crouching, or standing are your best bets to reduce the inaccurate spray of machine-gun fire. Consequently, killing in Global Offensive feels good. There's a sickening sensation to dropping someone dead because you know they're not coming back. It's also satisfying knowing you used limited resources to play smarter than your victim. If players aren't watching corners, providing covering fire, or using smoke grenades and flashbangs, they're more likely to take a headshot from a more delicate and patient triggerman. The desire to experience that distinct feeling is a strong motivator to keep playing, even when you're getting steamrolled by an obviously better team. If you've played Counter-Strike before, Global Offensive probably sounds a whole lot like Counter-Strike. Like Counter-Strike: Source before it, Global Offensive exists simply to modernize the look of the classic competitive shooter, while doing little to disrupt the core form and function. At the same time, it does enough to color outside the lines of tradition to justify your time and effort. Fire is one of the most interesting new combat variables. Molotov cocktails and incendiary grenades either roast groups of guys or force them in another direction. Flames are a useful distraction or scare tactic, too. They're particularly useful during Demolition matches, which focus the fight at a single bomb site rather than giving terrorists two to pick between. The new and modified maps in this mode aren't as big as classic Counter-Strike arenas  entire sections have been cut off to direct teams toward a central location  but their thoughtful design is as intricate as ever. The Lake map is a standout -- there's a wide open yet densely populated yard around the bomb site, which is inside a sizable lakeside home with plenty of vantage points and hiding spots. To separate Demolition from Defusal, players can't buy between rounds. Instead, it takes a cue from the other new mode, Arms Race, in which each kill unlocks another weapon instantly. The better you do, the more you have to switch up the way you play, and because Demolition is so fast you'll need to be quick on your feet.
game-hours: 562.7
review: get good
game-hours: 721.1
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is arguably the best game on the market. Ever. CS:GO (Counter-Strike: Global Offensive henceforth) sets new standards for FPS gaming. Guns 'n Glory (mostly Guns) CS:GO, like COD: Whatevercrap, features many guns. CS:GO features two different teams, Terrorists and Counter-Terrorists, with distinct armories. Ranging from the classic Desert Eagle, which pwns faces, to the CZ25, a freakin' auto pistol, to the SCAR-20, an AUTOMATIC SNIPER RIFLE, to the infamous AK-47, CS:GO's wide range of weapons allows for adaptable play-style (or in other words, AWP ALL THE ROUNDS). Players can even customize their own guns, naming them, stickering them and painting them with in-game skins. CS:GO also features other non-gun weaponry. Grenades are prominent in rounds, from the classic High Explosive Grenade to Flashbangs to Moltovs. Players also can utilise Kevlar Armor and Helmets, which are useful against most guns. Finally, you can tase people. Fun. Gameplay/Gamemodes Unlike CS:S and 1.6, CS:GO kicks butt with new gamemodes. Different playstyles are designed with time and experience in mind- now, those without much time can play quicker games such as Arms Race, where players compete to get a kill with every weapon. It moves on to Demolition, a "simplified" version of Classic with only one bombsite, and no freedom in what weapons the player uses. Then, we get to the big leagues, with Casual, a drop-in game style much like Competitve, but more relaxed without early-dropout penalties and free armour. Then, there's competitive. This is where it really gets fun. 5v5 teams, the Terrorists and the Counter-Terrorists, fight to the death to plant a bomb or save hostages. Competitive really brings out teamwork and strategy. Players have to buy guns and armour strategically, and winning counts. Competitve is really the crowning jewel of CS:GO. It even evens out the "unfairness" of maps, allowing both teams to play 15 rounds per side. Graphics/Performance CS:GO is not at all taxing on computers. I myself own a 2GB RAM computer, and it runs perfectly fine on lower Graphics settings. Other computers, such as that monster 16GB Alienware, can run on high setttings, beautifully visualising the different maps made by Valve and the Community. Hats? While CS:GO does not have hats (damn), it does feature weapon skins and stickers. Deck your own guns out with sick skins, whether it be as colourful as "Death By Kitty" for the P90, or as bloody serious as Crimson Web for the SCAR-20. Players can get skins by playing on VAC-secured serverts (nobody likes cheaters), unboxing Weapon Crates with Keys (think TF2), trading with other players, or buying them from the community market. Some guns are *special* (like me!), with StatTrak guns letting players count the kills acheived by the gun, or Souvenir-versions based on pro-tournaments. CS:GO also recently added stickers. Players can put stickers on their guns to show support for their favourite pro-teams, support for Eco-Rounds or dancing bannanas. Community CS:GO has an amazing community. The Steam Workshop has new skins and maps for players to try out, and in Operations, Valve adds these wondorus creations to CS:GO. In addition, there is a very supportive community online. Anybody who isn't gets an AWP to the face. Big deterrent. Overall, CS:GO is a great game. BUY IT FREAKIN' NOW!
game-hours: 34.7
review: I hate Repettitive games and yet I'm still playing this game. I hate ppl using AWP to snipe my head every 5 second after round start And yet I'm still playing it. I hate ppl using knife to backstab me after round started and yet I'm still Playing it. I hate Chickens, they blocked my snipe bullet. I hate Hostages, they're the pain in the . I hate C4, they wasted my time. I hate Camping ppl. I hate hackers. I hate voters. I hate this  keys for charging me 2 bucks to open this stupid chest only to get 0.19 $ guns. I hate Fire grenade for killing my precious health. I hate flash bang. I hate ppl kicking me out of the game only because I accidentally throwing a flash bang in front of their faces before they got slaughtered by AWP Guys. And yet... I'm still playing it... 8.5/10 I'm still hating AWP though...
game-hours: 136.3
review: learnt fluent russian within 5 matches
game-hours: 40.7
review: Best Knife collecting simulator I have purchased 10/10
game-hours: 112.5
review: Now playing: De_Dust II
game-hours: 7.5
review: Darth Vader and the Empire are building a new, indestructible Death Star. Meanwhile, Han Solo has been imprisoned, and Luke Skywalker has sent R2-D2 and C-3PO to try and free him. Princess Leia - disguised as a bounty hunter - and Chewbacca go along as well. The final battle takes place on the moon of Endor, with its natural inhabitants, the Ewoks, lending a hand to the Rebels. Will Darth Vader and the Dark Side overcome the Rebels and take over the universe? Review paid for by: Monsanto
game-hours: 242.0
review: i r8 this game 8/8 m8
game-hours: 42.3
review: 11/10 One Of The Best Game I have Played.This is NOT Something like Cod where u go Pew Pew and win the match.here you need TEAMWORK to actually do something.This game is ALL about teamwork.also its an Must Buy!
game-hours: 112.5
review: Now playing: De_Dust II
game-hours: 7.5
review: Darth Vader and the Empire are building a new, indestructible Death Star. Meanwhile, Han Solo has been imprisoned, and Luke Skywalker has sent R2-D2 and C-3PO to try and free him. Princess Leia - disguised as a bounty hunter - and Chewbacca go along as well. The final battle takes place on the moon of Endor, with its natural inhabitants, the Ewoks, lending a hand to the Rebels. Will Darth Vader and the Dark Side overcome the Rebels and take over the universe? Review paid for by: Monsanto
game-hours: 120.1
review: Throwing grenades in this game gave me a PhD in physics.
game-hours: 185.2
review: Chicken chaser simulator! would chase chickens again 10/10
game-hours: 254.4
review: Stop putting me with dirty ing Russians who kill you because 'you gave them the bomb' maybe then I'd be happy.
game-hours: 1470.9
review: Too many things are wrong in this game,movement is not smooth, awp and deagle are innacurate and not fun to play anymore, p90 and running is , flashes are not efective, nades are not accurate, limited wallbanging and  ammo limitation on M4, maps cluttered with unexpected props and corners to slow you down, certain areas are not wide enough and causes acidental TK on rushes and inability to rush fast as an whole, and the most important, recoil does not allow you to kill multiple enemies in 1 magazine in a short period of time, you are limited to short bursts and take cover, and that removes the ability to clutch rounds which was the most fun aspect in other versions. It prevents good skilled aimers from carrying a team. Also most maps are really bad unbalanced copies of CSS maps, like inferno and train, and people are forced to pay for operation passes to play extra maps in matchmaking. On the other hand there are many improvements in money and weapon balance specially on ecos, and other misc stuff like the GUI, matchmaking and de_nuke balanced, and I would rather play GO with this problems fixed than going back to 1.6 anyday, but at this moment the game is not fun anymore and gameplay is not fully oriented for competitive gameplay. I only play it because nobody plays the other versions anymore, and most people have to eat it up. This game had very low player count before the steam market update since the game was really bad, but after it many people started playing it to earn skins, so most of the players dont care about the game, they just idle for drops and watch streams to know on wich teams to bet on csgolounge, they dont actually care about the game, it is a sad truth and its clear that Hidden Path will never update this game to proper conditions.
game-hours: 580.6
review: Best ing rage simulator You get disconnected for something that isn't your fault? No problem, we understand, we'll give you a 7 day ban so that you can get your  straight
game-hours: 752.8
review: good
game-hours: 183.3
review: CRAP SOMEONE BUY THIS FOR ME Really though, I don't have it anymore. It is fun though, shoot guns and be competitive. Get some cool gear and better guns, probably not Pay to Win. Another classic by Valve! 8/10 Note: May ruin your life EDIT: Someone did buy it for me! Thanks Bread!
game-hours: 5352.2
review: Y O L O
game-hours: 3519.6
review: Don't buy this game. I mean, seriously. Don't. If you do, you'll never leave your room again because it's addictive as fukk.
game-hours: 1552.1
review: - -..... steam......GOCFGO  CS.......V,,, ... .... Counter-Strike: Global Offensive - 1.V 2.....3 ....? Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
game-hours: 580.6
review: Best ing rage simulator You get disconnected for something that isn't your fault? No problem, we understand, we'll give you a 7 day ban so that you can get your  straight
game-hours: 1470.9
review: Too many things are wrong in this game,movement is not smooth, awp and deagle are innacurate and not fun to play anymore, p90 and running is , flashes are not efective, nades are not accurate, limited wallbanging and  ammo limitation on M4, maps cluttered with unexpected props and corners to slow you down, certain areas are not wide enough and causes acidental TK on rushes and inability to rush fast as an whole, and the most important, recoil does not allow you to kill multiple enemies in 1 magazine in a short period of time, you are limited to short bursts and take cover, and that removes the ability to clutch rounds which was the most fun aspect in other versions. It prevents good skilled aimers from carrying a team. Also most maps are really bad unbalanced copies of CSS maps, like inferno and train, and people are forced to pay for operation passes to play extra maps in matchmaking. On the other hand there are many improvements in money and weapon balance specially on ecos, and other misc stuff like the GUI, matchmaking and de_nuke balanced, and I would rather play GO with this problems fixed than going back to 1.6 anyday, but at this moment the game is not fun anymore and gameplay is not fully oriented for competitive gameplay. I only play it because nobody plays the other versions anymore, and most people have to eat it up. This game had very low player count before the steam market update since the game was really bad, but after it many people started playing it to earn skins, so most of the players dont care about the game, they just idle for drops and watch streams to know on wich teams to bet on csgolounge, they dont actually care about the game, it is a sad truth and its clear that Hidden Path will never update this game to proper conditions.
game-hours: 340.4
review: good 4 quickscopein
game-hours: 663.6
review: very good game. The best!!!
game-hours: 909.8
review: eh...its kind of good somtimes.
game-hours: 494.0
review: It would be a great game if it weren't for the Russians.
game-hours: 123.9
review: Counter-Stroke: Global Aneurysm
game-hours: 347.9
review: Gracias a este juego aprend a hablar portugus bsico, GG. 10/10
game-hours: 535.5
review: In my opinion, this game is still very young and undeveloped and all the hate against russians is stupid. I mean i'm not one to talk here i hate them sometimes aswell. I realised something when i was playing one day, the game has gone trough a lot of changes and that it was slowly turning into a moba like game, where rank is more importand than having fun. How valve changed CS for me made me yonder and ponder from the time when i was playing CS 1.6 or CSS. Back then there where no rankings nor matchmaking and the servers where flooded with ads. I really hate how people neglect the times when people were fun to play with. Now people only care about how big your rank is, and how expensive your skins are. Where are the good old times? To me this game is a mess because of the ranking system and i mustn't recommend it for players from CS 1.6 OR CSS. Sure there are different mods, but people mostly play competitive and try to force their rank down your throat.
game-hours: 448.8
review: gr10 b10 m10 i r10 10/10
game-hours: 1259.3
review: I died and got called a 'ing noob  who should uninstall the game'
game-hours: 474.2
review: This game was the best tactical game I had ever played. The community was good, people were mature, sportsmanship was very well presented. But all of that changed when the skins came. The community of Counter Strike that we knew and loved got shattered in an instant. This community is turning into TF2 but instead of hats it is skins. It's a pathetic excuse from valve to build an economy to make more money off of virtual items. Really valve? You are turning this game into TF2 and it's a joke. More immature underage children are playing this game now and I don't like and I am certain that I am not the only one who thinks this way. First off, the community now is a disgrace. You could be playing with someone, become really good friends with them and then they ask for one of your good skins to "borrow". BAM! Skins stolen and your hard work has meant nothing. It increases the scamming within this steam community. Second, the competitive mode is great. It is challenging and very teamwork based, but all that can change with a steam sale. Hackers banned? Well then let's price Counter Strike: Global Offensive to 3.50. Oh boy that was a good idea right? A steam sale on this game is not only hurting us but steam as well. People also buy Counter Strike: Global Offensive on a different account, so that means if you are a low rank in competitive not only are you against a higher rank but you are also at a high chance to lose. It's a complete and utter disaster when it happens. It needs to end. Thirdly, Cases are ridiculous. You literally have a 0.01% chance to get a "Rare special item" (Knife). People waste so much money on cases when at the end of the day it's a "Virtual Item". You could go out and buy a real knife for about 50 at highest while the highest in this game is about 600. The economy is terrible. Community is terrible. Skins are a joke and Steam are probably laughing at you as you go out and waste money on cases. Fourthly and lastly is the, "Hit Detection". This game has a pretty bad hit detection system. Valve could go out and buy 124 tick servers but nope! they go out and be cheapskates and buy 64 tick servers which is god awful. I mean Valve, Come on! You make millions of  and $, why can't you actually just think about your game instead of how much money you take a bath in? This game is great once you get into it and "IF" you find a decent server (124 tick) it is pretty fun. One other thing I forgot to mention is when you play competitive there is a cooldown if you "leave", "Kill a teammate", "Kick too many players" or even if your power cuts during a match, you only have "3 minutes" to return to the match. Abandon the match? Ok sir we give you a 7 day ban. A ban ranges from 30 minutes to 2 hours to 24 hours to finally 7 days. It is a bit unfair the banning system. It is automatic so it cannot be revoked. Please Valve, fix your game and your community before it wrecks itself. 6/10 for Gameplay 2/10 for Skins 3/10 for Community 0/10 for Competitive Cooldown
game-hours: 774.5
review: Not globally offensive .
game-hours: 2.9
review: Massivly played and lots of fun.
game-hours: 9.9
review: Obama Counterstrike Obama CS hack 1999 Obama CS cheating incident 1999 "Cheatbama" incident true Obama server ban Obama use hacks
game-hours: 357.0
review: Initially I was very hesitant about this game; it seemed very risky to make so many fundamental changes to a formula that was barely changed through Counter-Strike: Source and Condition Zero. However, seeing how much Valve has listened and continues to listen the community, and how quickly they make changes in both the short and long term, it has completely restored my faith in the game. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is incredibly fun and feature-rich, with plenty to do for both casual and competitive players. On top of this, there is also plenty of ways to promote and support eSports, which is a much-needed and fundamental step in reinvigorating Counter-Strike in the competitive gaming scene. However, the most important thing with this game is that the community is incredibly nice and friendly - and with a game as difficult and intense as Counter-Strike, it's extremely welcoming. Good stuff!
game-hours: 977.2
review: Ruined all my friendships and my life completely - 10/10.
game-hours: 510.5
review: i lyk dis gaym cuz it haz gunz. 10/10
game-hours: 1564.0
review: Great true Counter-Strike-like competitive feeling in this latest addition to CS games. It has most of the elements from the older CS games (1.6 and Source) but with updated visuals, weapon skins and stickers, matchmaking system and a goal to unite the two different Counter-Strike communitites: CS1.6 and CSS. This game does that pretty well having a lot of the good old content but still a lot of new stuff to discover. + + Easy to use Matchmaking system. + Updated content (some new weapons that were not in CS1.6 or CSS and new versions of all the classic maps) + Overwatch is a great way to get the community involved in banning cheaters but it's not perfect system (not at all) A lot of important information about the match is not available for overwatchers and in order to get ow you need to win 150 matchmaking games and have a rank at atleast Gold Nova 1. Players on that level are usually not good enough to judge is someone is cheating or not and some more suspicious cases may get more votes on "Evidence beyond reasonable doubt" even when no cheating is involved. + Skins and stickers. These things keep a lot more casual players playing the game and gives the more competitive ones new and exiting content in the game after playing the game for thousands of hours. + Operations that make people play the new maps and all the available official gamemodes makes the game to have more content (operations are usually pretty cheap ~5 containing usually 5 or more maps that can be played on Valves official servers and some kind of scoreboard that keeps track of your matchmaking stats like kills, headshot % and matches won) + Big professional tournamets mainly funded by the community. You buy a certain key to open a weapon case (Esport key in this case is the one that supports electronic sports) and a portion of the money goes towards these tournamets. These big events gather a lot of Counter-Strike people together watching the games and having some great entertainment. When the professional scene does well the game itself attracts more people playing it. + Game gets updated really often compared to many other multiplayer shooters. Sometimes there can be updates every week some of them being quite major. Valve even listens to the community sometimes to make the game even better and more enjoyable. (Obviously they want to hear what the pros have to say about the current state of the game) - - Lots of hackers playing in the higher rankings in matchmaking. As Valve killed boosting in its known form most cheaters are just the one who want get to those highest ranks. Still some boosting appears to be seen even tho it doesn't work like that anymore. - Matchmaking system is quite broken. Rankings don't show the true skill and ability to play as a team but it still serves the purpose. MM being 64 tick is the main problem or atleast thats what the community says when it comes to the system itself. Most players would still pick hackers over low tickrate if it was about matchmaking as whole. The problem around this is that to be able to get any advantage of 128 tick your game needs to run at atleast that 128 fps (not exatly but close to it) and according to Valve greatly over half of the players have an average fps of 30 or less. Thats not enough to get any advantage of high tickrate servers. Another proble with matchmaking is that sometimes it puts higher ranks against lower ones which is not equal at all and usually results in a slaughter of either side. Balance just sometimes isn't there. - Bad behaviour among many players makes some matchmaking games really feel like you'd like to punch somebody. People that refuse to use teamwork or communicate are even worse than bad behaving ones when you want/need to win games. - Valve has a weird way of updating something (like buffing a weapon) without any testing if it will actually work like it was supposed to. This has lead to CZ-75, AUG buff, the insane Tec-9 buff and a lot more weird but sometimes even funny updates. Still a little bit of testing on the field wouldn't hurt anyone. All in all I would totally recommend this game for everyone! Even if it may seem difficult at first you can only get better by learning and playing. For me it has been quite 4.5/5 experience so far so if you have the will give it a go!
game-hours: 317.3
review: Money maker 10/10
game-hours: 251.2
review: THE BEST LANGUAGE LEARNING TOOL ON THE INTERNET. LEARN TO SPEAK SPANISH, RUSSIAN, AND PORTUGUESE FOR THE LOW LOW PRICE OF YOUR SELF-ESTEEM AND FAITH IN OTHERS GET THIS GAME
game-hours: 952.6
review: Very addictive and Adorable skins make it worth playing ! Also good for making friends around the world :P ( except some ) :P
game-hours: 1543.3
review: I love this game Gameplay 10/10 Graphics 10/10 Audio 10/10 (If there's no Russians around) Knives in your cases 0/10 Ticks 64/128 The best competitive shooter at the moment
game-hours: 1027.5
review: Score above you : hacker Score below you : noob anchor 10/10 "global counter : skin simulator"
game-hours: 238.5
review: Modern version of Counterstrike. Ok. I liked to play CS 1.6 with some friends sometimes, was never really competitive, but this game allows for that if it's you're thing. Story: X (is there one? I haven't played it.) Gameplay: 10/10 Presentation: 9/10 (Could be battlefield.) Soundtrack: 9/10 (good not great, not repetitive like it could be.) Replayability: 8/10 (not as free as other games, but still competitive etc.)
game-hours: 1053.9
review: this game is bad
game-hours: 740.7
review: Standart Counter-Strike, with altered graphics. Added a lot of trash on the cards, machine, drums, and more. In some maps, the light falls so that it becomes impossible to watch. Physics has become even more disgusting. Particularly noticeable shooting Deagle. Played since closed beta test, nothing has changed after the release, with the exception of a couple of buttons on top (Show matches, Achievements, Inventory) Fairly well made selection matches conveniently find any game on the official server with good ping. (As there is not official server). In general, play nice, if you spend a lot of time to learn how to shoot. Overall CS and should be such for a given time. 9/10
game-hours: 2469.9
review: Best!
game-hours: 1246.9
review: This game is very funny, you can kill chickens and your mates, and then spam "Thank You" in voice chat.
game-hours: 263.7
review: Pew Pew Pew O_O
game-hours: 154.6
review: this game makes me question my sexuality
game-hours: 634.6
review: I don't really like this game but somehow I played over 500 hours :/
game-hours: 649.8
review: Good half, guys! Well played!
game-hours: 824.8
review: Killed a counter-terrorist guy with a flashbang to the face. 11/10.
game-hours: 548.7
review: >stroll into my local GameStop >looking to pick up a copy of CS:GO >grab the game and take it to the charming maiden at the register >"Pardon me, milady...but could you ring me up? A shame I don't have your number or I'd ring you up instead..." >she giggles and takes the game, blushing as her fingers brush mine due to my fingerless gloves >her eyes widen as she reads the game's title >"Wow, I've never seen anyone buy this before! You must have special taste!" >I smile and ready a witty response when suddenly a voice rings out from behind >"Hahaha look at what this  is buying! That's not Call of Duty! What a piece of !" >I quickly turn around, my cloak billowing behind me, to discern the source of the rude outburst >generic dudebro caricature with a sports team cap and "the guy that beat you up that one time behind the school in early October" shirt is standing there guffawing >"Excuse me sir...you may disparage my person if you wish, but it is untoward to swear in front of a lady." >" you !" >I smile quietly and tip my fedora low across my eyes, concealing them >"As you wish..." >I quickly swing my cane into his kneecap before he can react >he bellows and charges forward >I expertly sidestep him and the cashier screams as he crashes into the counter >I draw my sword-cane and mutter a quiet oath as I drive it deep into his back >"...requiescat in pace..." >As I clean my blade the girl walks out from behind the counter, twirling her hair with her fingers >"So...maybe you'd like to come over to my place to play that game sometime...? >"No thanks, milady, it's single player only. Besides..." >I sheath my sword >"You're not my type." >skate away on my Heelys
game-hours: 1024.0
review: Skin Buying Simulator
game-hours: 1454.3
review: meow!
game-hours: 588.0
review: U LIKE CALL OF BATTLEFIELD: HALO EDITION? WELL 2 BAD 4 U SCRUB U CANT RUN AND SHOOT A! U THINK UR USAIN BOLT? M8 SUCK IT UP, SIT DOWN, AN USE DAT BOLT PROPERLY. U THINK U CAN SPRAY? A U THINK UR JACKSON POLLOK? LOL UL BE SCRUBBIN THAT SPRAY OFF THE WALLS OF DUST 2, COS U MISS SO MUCH!!!1 /end meme
game-hours: 5112.2
review: CS:GO simple the best game of the world i love this game counter strike its my carrer im on a professional team now im brazil! i love this!
game-hours: 353.1
review: I was playing competitive when someone told me to purchase a Molotov and throw it into Bedroom on de_dust2. I did. Three of my team members purposefully ran into said Molotov, killing themselves, and resulting in my seven day competitive matchmaking ban. 10/10
game-hours: 1100.5
review: Yes yes and yes. Very fun! And one of my favourite games. It is very different from other games where you can just run around like a noob and expect to be the best player, this game is all about accuracy, tactics and team work which is great! There is always an intense feeling that I don't get from any other games!
game-hours: 280.5
review: A great fps. I'm relatively me to pc gaming so I'm more of a cod player but cs go is definately the better of the two. Great game to play with friends and I highly reccomend buying it. Cheap price, One hell of a game!
game-hours: 776.1
review: The FUTURE of competitive gaming. I expect to see every family playing counter strike together within the decade. Families gathered around the telescreen, waiting for that last final clutch. The father fires one shot from his polished AK, it's wooden gloss glinting in the sun of the map of the year. The shot rings out, from the speakers of the telescreen. In that moment, the son contemplates his life's future. He sees a happy family playing by a white picket fence, his arm around his young wife's waist as they plant the "SOLD" sign on the front lawn. The daughter sees her prince charming, as they walk down the aisle together into an endless union of love. The father sees his glory days from college, the boys in his frat, and the touchdown pass he made his senior year. The mother sees herself with the young football star she fell in love with, two young mavericks against the world. The shot hits home, the match is won. The family hugs, their joy clearly visible together. They climb the stairs to bed, and prepare for tomorrow's activities. Tonight was just another normal night, but together they've all experienced something they'll never forget together. As you lay in bed this night, picture that scene in your mind's eye. You, your happy family all gathered to enjoy the future of competitive gaming. That's what Counter Strike Global Offensive was made for.
game-hours: 1070.8
review: THIS GAME IS SUCH GOOD!
game-hours: 2069.3
review: awesome! :D u need to buy this!!
game-hours: 2418.7
review: Dis game is very gud. I ain't giving no recommentation for bad game but dis one is very very gud. Gurl, if your a good shooter, you will like dis game. Dere'z steep learnin' curve so noobs be warned - ppl will kick yo asses.
game-hours: 57.5
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a wonderful game, with a nice community and provides a way to rack up steam money in your wallet! You can earn weapon skins and weapon cases and sell them on the market for crazy money! This game is DEFINETLY worth it.
game-hours: 108.2
review: Super fun to play, but as a third person shooter it fails to derive from the standard formula of its genre.
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.6
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2868.4
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 200.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 764.7
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 4154.6
review: Amazing game
game-hours: 754.2
review: this game is 7/10 Positive: [] Huge community (veteran players, kids, noobs, masters) [] amazing eSport scene [] Example of a team work game [] you can make money with this game Negative [] worst system anti cheater, they can do it better, but they will not do it because valve love sell more copies to the cheaters []64 tick. WTF valve!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WE NEED MORE! [] CHEATER EVERYWHERE!!!!!!!!, IN DM, CASUALS, MM, DEMOLITION AND GUNGAME CHEATER EVERYWHERE!!!!!!!!!!! this game is 7/10
game-hours: 952.4
review: Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs Smurfs
game-hours: 166.0
review: RAGE
game-hours: 913.5
review: Probably one of the best games ever made.
game-hours: 1488.0
review: Focusing on the quality of servers, my experience has been a 5/10 satisfaction with them. Even though my connection is less than 50 ping, with minimal packet loss, choke, and "var", I have often not been able to kill someone point blank with a FULL clip. Now you might say I'm just "bad" but I've been playing this game for almost 2 months(Yes that's more than 1400 hours!), and the game's physics are like my third hand by now. This is just outrageous that the official valve competitive servers can be this bad. You're better off playing on 3rd party leagues such as ESEA, that have decent servers, and more often than not, cooperative teammates. Moreover, the competitive servers are full of edgy, underaged players who talk down to the opposing team aswell as their own, regardless of your skill. There is an option to mute other players but that just ruins the entire point of the game if you can't communicate with your own team in order to fabricate a strategy to win the round. Nevertheless, that's bound to happen in any game, but its been on the rise on CSGO servers since its debut in August 2012.
game-hours: 482.3
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 29.7
review: Its the best shooter game for more than 15 years. Fantastic gameplay and stable multiplayer. Its so good that you will never be tired of it. You must try it !
game-hours: 585.1
review: I like losing
game-hours: 807.6
review: Ah Counter-Strike. What a wild mistress you are. At times you are loving and caring, offering great joy and hope. Then other times you are mad at me for reasons I do not understand and you cast me out; alone and unloved. First off, let me quickly say that the game mechanics are great. Every gun handles differently and you have to learn each one. It takes skill and practice and makes the game so much more rewarding. As a side note however, it's a bit irritating when you can only see a guys head (i.e, the gun is hidden behind a wall or something) and they can still shoot you. But I digress! So in this game you have a few different modes that you can play, and each one has a very different play style. For instance, in Arms Race, there is no time to be subtle. You need to get 27 kills before the next guy, and you have to do this with every weapon in the game. As soon as you kill someone, your weapon switches out. This can be annoying if you're fighting several people at once, but the game is so fast paced that it really doesn't matter if you die. Instantly respawn and rush back into the field. The speed of this game makes it great for some community banter. You play in a team, but as you are really only playing for yourself, it doesn't matter if your team are doing well or not. I'll come back to this point about teams later. Team Deathmatch is a fairly standard affair if you are familiar with any other FPS game. People spawn in and you have to kill them before they kill you. Simples! As this game mode is slower than Arms Race, you can afford to be a bit more patient. There is a timer instead of a "reach this many points/kills." Also, every now and then a bonus weapon appears, in which you'll get more points if you kill people with that. Respawn with this weapon and kill people within the time limit and you'll bag yourself some extra points. Person with the most points at the end wins. Again, this is a mostly light hearted game mode, and the community really shines through. Next up is Demolition, my least favourite mode. It is much the same as the casual/competitive maps in which you have to try and plant a bomb, but the maps are smaller. The main difference in this game mode is you don't get to choose your gun. You start with a weapon and then when you kill someone in a round you change weapon at the start of the next round. Kill several people and you will be awarded with some grenades as well. The reason I dislike this mode is people can get out of sync with the weapons. If you do really well for several rounds, likelihood is you will now be on a weaker gun, or a gun you cannot personally use well. While it's good to get practice in, the realisation is that the other team can simply be on better weapons, leaving you at a major disadvantage. Again, after a few rounds they may be on a gun that they can't use and it levels the playing field again, but those few rounds can really be an irritant. Now we are onto the meat and two veg. The bit the mistress both loves and despises. Competitive. In my time playing CS I have went from an absolutely horrendous player, having never really played many FPS's, to a fairly competent player. Over the space of a few months I went from unranked up to Master Guardian 1. I felt very proud of myself. However, the journey was not plain sailing. When entering a competitive mode, if you are not searching with friends, you can end up with wildly different experiences. This is where the community behind CS can really fall apart. In a match with strangers you can have a great match with excellent communication (which is really needed in competitive) or have really bad communication and a lot of name calling. If you make a mistake, sometimes you will be supported with a lot of "Unlucky, we'll get them next time!" or you will receive something along the lines of "OMG, YOU SUCK, NOOB, FFS, UNINSTALL." This is particularly true if you're the last one left alive and all eyes are watching you. This isn't just from your team however. I have had games where I have had great communication with the opposition, and everything has been really friendly, but well fought. Othertimes however, they are raging across the keyboard at you. Yes, you can mute players, and often you may have to mute the opposition, but it is quite another to mute your team. As I said, communication is really important in a competitive match. Even if they are only yelling obscenities at you, they may occasionally have insight into where a player is. A main problem for this is it doesn't even matter if you are winning or losing. Your team could just be massively unhelpful. I have had a lot of fun playing competitive matches, however as time goes on it is becoming less and less fun. This could be because of all the steam sales, with people buying the game and jumping on just to be irritating. Maybe they had been banned previously and have made new accounts or some such thing. It just doesn't make for pleasant gaming however. I don't play games to become annoyed and irritated. I play them as a release. There is nothing more satisfying than doing something well. I remember playing a game on inferno as the terrorist and I had went up B. I was to push up and give them a fright while my team was to go up A. As I went up Banana, two guys came down to me. I headshotted them both. It was then that my team were shouting down the headsets. They had lost the bomb at top of middle. Only one team member had survived. He went to try and get the bomb and was instantly killed. I was on my own with 3 opponents left. I turned back round at banana and went up middle. Two were coming towards me and I take them out. Sadly, I was down to 12 health now, and the clock was ticking. I knew that the last guy was up on the left at top of middle. So I went through appartments silently. As luck would have it, a team mate of mine had a smoke grenade that had dropped there. I threw the smoke into top of middle and as it burst out I went for the bomb, with 30 seconds left to plant. The final enemy started spraying into the smoke and I knew where he was. I shot once and killed him, acing the round (or kill every enemey yourself). I've had aces before, but that one was special. My teammates errupted with cheers, as that was a very important round for us. Had we lost we would have had to eco (which is to not buy so you can save some money). It was those cheers and the great support that my team gave me that makes me love this game. The community can be incredible. A quick note about casual is that it is pretty much identical to competitive, except with more players and thus less strategy and communication. Instead of only talking to your team, you are often talking to everyone in the game. The same issues with the community stand however. Sometimes they do a "clutch or kick" where the last surviving member of a team has to kill all the surviving members of the other team and win the round. This can be damn near impossible if your team didn't manage to do anything. This is often said when it's 5v1 or over. Often the community doesn't really kick the person, but I have seen it happen. I have also seen someone clutch a 6v1 and then got kicked regardless. So it's a bit of a hit and miss. Overall, I would highly recommend this game. The mechanics are solid and the community as a whole is really great. The support people give is wonderful. Often there is great banter to be had in the non-ranked matches. Sometimes banter can come into the ranked matches, but more and more of late it has just been abuse. If you want to try your hand at competitive you will need a thick skin.
game-hours: 500.7
review: The third game of the famous Counter-Strike franchise. The graphics in CS:GO are amazing , as well as the gameplay. This version includes more gamemode to play , weapon drops and weapon skinning (making weapon skins for Valve to add by submiting them on CS:GO's workshop.), its also a good way to make some profit for your Steam Wallet. You can do that by simply playing and selling your drops on the Steam Community Market. However if you plan on quiting durring a competetive match , its not recommended. You'll be given a few bans and after that every single quit will lead up to a 7 Day ban. CS:GO is like Counter-Strike combined with Team Fortress 2. It's a title that deserves the money. TL;DR I've invested too much to fall back now.
game-hours: 704.2
review: Good game
game-hours: 480.2
review: Human immunodeficiency virus infection / acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS) is a disease of the human immune system caused by infection with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).[1] During the initial infection, a person may experience a brief period of influenza-like illness. This is typically followed by a prolonged period without symptoms. As the illness progresses, it interferes more and more with the immune system, making the person much more likely to get infections, including opportunistic infections and tumors that do not usually affect people who have working immune systems. HIV is transmitted primarily via unprotected sexual intercourse (including anal and oral sex), contaminated blood transfusions, hypodermic needles, and from mother to child during pregnancy, delivery, or breastfeeding.[2] Some bodily fluids, such as saliva and tears, do not transmit HIV.[3] Prevention of HIV infection, primarily through safe sex and needle-exchange programs, is a key strategy to control the spread of the disease. There is no cure or vaccine; however, antiretroviral treatment can slow the course of the disease and may lead to a near-normal life expectancy. While antiretroviral treatment reduces the risk of death and complications from the disease, these medications are expensive and have side effects. Without treatment, the average survival time after infection with HIV is estimated to be 9 to 11 years, depending on the HIV subtype.[4]
game-hours: 747.1
review: Beautiful
game-hours: 15.3
review: kal ebaniy
game-hours: 11.9
review: all i know is that i have a purple knife and i dont even have the game and I dont want this knife so someome save me
game-hours: 867.7
review: One of the best 'team' games ive played so far, awesome community and made so many new friends:)
game-hours: 157.1
review: during comp. my team kept spawn killing the other team and we told them we were gonna shrek them. We lost 16-1 11/10
game-hours: 2491.2
review: DIS GAME SO AMAZING!
game-hours: 1367.7
review: good game
game-hours: 1113.2
review: Took all my money. 11/10 Best online casino.
game-hours: 1684.7
review: You have spent approximately $1,677.36 USD in the game after this card set was released. Case opening. GG
game-hours: 963.3
review: yka blyat
game-hours: 776.3
review: rainbow weapon simulator 2014
game-hours: 266.7
review: its a realy good game
game-hours: 506.1
review: This is the best game in the series Counter-Strike
game-hours: 974.1
review: Knife Simulator > Hat Simulator
game-hours: 708.4
review: This game should really be taken off of steam, the game is filled to the brim with smurfs and hackers. I have tried getting into it with friends on three different time and each time i get more dissapointed. The ammount of players never changes. The only reason they still have it as one of the top selling games is because of all the people buying for alternate accounts and its just sad that they have to do that please don't give valve money for this trainwreck they get enough from all the smurfs and hackers buying it for their alternate accounts.
game-hours: 91.5
review: A game that every Steam account must have this.
game-hours: 512.2
review: AWP COMBAT IS THE NEWEST AWP COMBAT SIMULATOR ON THE MARKET YOU CAN BUY AN AWP YOU CAN BUY DIFFERENT PAINT JOBS FOR YOUR AWP YOU CAN EVEN PUT STICKERS ON YOUR AWP AWP IT UP IN DIFFERENT STAGES LIKE AWP_DUST AWP_OFFICE AWP_SURFMAP "THE BEST AWP SIMULATOR ON THE MARKET" -AWPGN AWP/10
game-hours: 692.7
review: you kill pepol with fancy weapons, totally serious anti-terrorism simulator
game-hours: 228.3
review: sh*t community sh*t hackers sh*t smurf but nice game
game-hours: 354.2
review: Nice game :)
game-hours: 1301.9
review: Cases - I own that. Keys - I buy that. Skins - I  that. 10/10
game-hours: 965.4
review: help me
game-hours: 378.1
review: pew pew pew, changed my life forever, learnt the way of the warrior 8/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 536.7
review: The best, most up-to-date, team based FPS out there.
game-hours: 279.2
review: dobre w .
game-hours: 796.5
review: Ruined my life, im fat thanks to this game.
game-hours: 2.3
review: Why not to make this game Free-To-Play? Most of Free-To-Play Shooters are oldschool games (CS Logic) with microtransactions. This is Valve another "Free-To-Play"
game-hours: 41.1
review: yea its good
game-hours: 603.4
review: Good game but  valve for the ing case opening !
game-hours: 133.3
review: This game is not Counter Strike, no. It is full of , mentally ill people, russians, hackers and Call of Duty Community. Don't buy it.
game-hours: 387.5
review: It's . Buy CSS.
game-hours: 131.4
review: Make the game for PC THEN port to console you  juggling thunder . ing  game, buy CS Source over this piece of .
game-hours: 342.0
review: One of my best compitieve FPS games that i ever played
game-hours: 325.7
review: Kill an enemy with headshot, you are hack. Welcome to Cs.
game-hours: 937.8
review: The mechanics in this game are off for the most part: Movement is imprecise, tagging is almost not existing, weapons are way too accurate when moving, weapon balancing is bad (P250 + 5/7 are OP, P90), timings in matchmaking are wrong, matchmaking servers are REALLY bad, hitreg is bad even on a decent server (crouching + jumping - check youtube) and in general this game is designed for casuals while it claims to be a competitive title. CS:GO is no match for previous iterations of CS. Sadly.
game-hours: 37.9
review: I shot a guy using Negev Minigun in close range. He survived. He shot me once from Pistol. I died. This game is just A+
game-hours: 924.5
review: The ultimate tactical competitive FPS experience: It's Counter Strike! What else?
game-hours: 329.2
review: wow
game-hours: 4.5
review: If you haven't already played a Counter Strike game then you're doing something wrong. Global Offensive is just like the rest, simply improved as time progresses. Best part of the Counter Strike series is that you know exactly what to expect from each new installment.
game-hours: 1045.6
review: Great game, only screamy little kids in silver 4 or below. thank god this ain't CoD. Weapon finishes are nice but Gaben steals my money too much D:
game-hours: 1794.8
review: 1337
game-hours: 2308.4
review: Game is very fun and good, but i not recommend to buy this game because very very much people is hacking in this game, especially in matchmaking(MM). Dont buy it until valve not fix this massive cheaters problem. Peace.
game-hours: 1303.9
review: Pros: - Chickens Cons: - Not enough chickens
game-hours: 2332.1
review: Best Game I have Ever Played! And yes I have played that many hours don't judge me :~:. I just love how this game is designed from it's looks to its sounds, I have never heard any sounds like this having alot of bass in them. Sound is your best friend unless you want to get shot in the back of the head with an AK-47. And yet I thought this game couldn't get any better but Valve is still putting out updates for it including skins for your weapons to add that little extra dazzle to them while you deal some heavy damage to those damn terrorists. It also includes a competitive mode and ranking system if you ever want to play a serious game, but beware, most of these people in competitives aren't very nice no matter what you do, however, you may run into a few polite ones along your journey. And even better! When you shoot a chicken they EXPLODE. They also like to dress up into ghosts and reindeers in holiday events! If you ever have a spare $15 PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PICK UP THIS GAME! Plus you can get some extra money from selling those skins for a few dollars ;D. Now please hurry the frick up and BUY THIS GAME 20/10! (Edited paragraphs after dashed line) ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Well now i'm back to this review and oh god can I even begin to tell you how many updates they have put out since I have posted this? They now have a workshop in which you can make you're own camo's/skins to be picked by Valve to be put into this awesome masterpiece (Although, it is a bit complicating). This game is probably the most realistic game out there (next to Insurgency). It's nothing like ing COD where all you have is 10 year old trollers. You actually find people who are willing to help out AS A TEAM. Now I know i'm rambling, but stick with me, i'm gonna put pro's and cons in. Pros:- Quite realistic Can make some extra money Long lasting gameplay Competitive gamemode (ranked) Demolition An awesome arrange of guns Constantly gets updated. Cons:- People aren't always the nicest. Griefers. Well I think that is all I can add to this review apart that it is ic. Pick it up now.
game-hours: 2079.3
review: absolutely loveeeeeeee this game!
game-hours: 328.8
review: Buy this game or you're a terrorist.
game-hours: 645.8
review: This is a great addition to the CS series. The maps look fresh, the models are great, and the gameplay is as tight as ever. The competitive mode offers a very quick way to find (relatively) balanced matches. One drawback though is the frame-rate issues the Arms Deal update has introduced, which many are experiencing and Valve don't really seem to be looking to fix any time soon.
game-hours: 558.8
review: One of the best competetive shooters i ever playd, aswell it has lots of great mods. This game is unforgivable, it might eat up to 1000 hours of your free time
game-hours: 866.2
review: ing Good Game
game-hours: 551.5
review: too many russian hackers
game-hours: 392.1
review: A Game Way Better than CS:S....Competitive Addition is a nice addtion to it
game-hours: 431.4
review: Great for the family, Affordable, Outstanding service!
game-hours: 329.6
review: Get headshotted in the head by a fully automatic rifle from a mile away for 15 rounds in a map that was based on beta TF2 screenshots. Even Call of Duty can't promise that.
game-hours: 18.8
review: There are chickens. 10/10 Counterstrike 1 Call of Duty 0
game-hours: 2677.5
review: CSGO is a good game like TF2.
game-hours: 2464.5
review: The best around!
game-hours: 86.9
review: Does not have super innovative attack dogs. 0/10.
game-hours: 1581.0
review: Ugh my favorite game, hands down. So addicting, nice graphics, accuracy is better after the last update. I love the skins and the competitive maps. On point.
game-hours: 291.5
review: Very Nice Game. Cool Skins of Weapons, Team Game.... Shooter!
game-hours: 1795.9
review: Amazing game, not many hackers, although vote kick is abused a lot 8/10 UPDATE: A lot of hackers...
game-hours: 435.6
review: Tak
game-hours: 254.5
review: First off : I am glad to say that it is nice that Valve gave me something that I can love and waste more time on than someone who loves making molasses, I still can't help feeling: HL3 ??? SHORT VERSION : Great, gameplay is great. Matchmaking is okayish? The weapon skins are also a nice touch but creates a gambling styled addiction among some players to get and open more and more cases. Hackers exist but few and far between generally. Worth astrnomical value on sale even for -33% or -20%. Frankly, it's price is perfect. You don't have to grasp your head around everything at once but it is fun all the same. With the obvious outta the way, this game is great. I can't possibly hate on it when I fail at it and I can't possibly not dance around in joy when I win. It's a fun action FPS once you practice well enough but beyond that is it very tactical. I love how you cannot aim down iron sights in this game seeing as every other game has used that as an excuse for you having such big wavy arm muscles you HAVE to be as accurate as the death star's laser when firing 300 rounds per minute. Instead it forces you to adapt and learn to fire a gun accurately to the point where you can fire the M4 or AK47 30 rounds per clip without spraying once and instead firing each shot individually but more importantly accurately. The gameplay is superb in this way. The game mode's are great but nothing particullarly rivals the Competitive mode which has you challenged so well that it adds to the fun. Arms Race is a great way to practice for beginners and I played it so much having very little time in the day (only a half hour or hour) and being unable to play Competitive that I can easily get to atleast 20 kills in a match of Arms Race or even win within 3 matches (often being the first however). Ever since then I got alot more free time that I had the liberty of playing competitive again! Matches have a nice 2 minute system where after that the defending team wins. Hurray, I can now kill usually between 15-20 people in a match on a good day. I think my record was something like 36 or 34. Good times... Valve really put alot of care into this because they always do. They play tested the crap out of and you can tell this in any Valve game be it Left 4 Dead, Half Life or Team Fortress 2. (Oddly enough, all of those sequels end on 2...) And though this might be the 4th or something, maybe 5th Counter Strike game beginning with the mod, going 1.6, CS Condition Zero/Deleted Scenes, CS Source and Counter Strike Global Offensive it only feels to have gotten much, much better over time. This apparently united the rival forces of 1.6 players and CSS players into one happy community. Hey, I can't argue that Valve put time into this and to speak of it's price tag DURING a sale like Summer or Christmas is astronomical in value. I bought it for 3.50, didn't play it on my old PC since it was crap and couldn't run it, didn't like it at first and kept with GMOD but eventually my friends forced me to get into it. It's use of rounds as opposed to RUN AND GUN mechanics is great. It forces the player to learn the enemy to win if challenged and also to learn themselves to play better and allows the player to be brought up into the game easier. At first the game may seem daunting and frustrating but past that is spectacullarly great. People new to the franchise tend to begin without thought, run and gun that sorta thing however over time you begin to learn to think tactically. I recommend the use of Flashbang and Smoke Grenades as soon as possible as it will save your life. Literally. The game rewards skill and intelligence and unlike other FPSes where the biggest, scariest and most famous gun wins, this has the holy grail of gameplay's as the only thing that matters is skill. And luck, but you can't control that so leave it be! However, there are some issues I have with the game. I have the problem of hackers occuring on lower ranked matches with my friends. I don't understand why anyone would cheat but in this game, where you get the glory of winning by being the smartest I really can't wrap my mind around it. The matchmaking is generally good though. You are put into ranks according to your skill after 10 matches. This allows fair and equal matchmaking generally. You will get into the odd circumstance where you play against very high ranking players like Gold Nova 2's and so on but this isn't ever a problem because with your brain you can find way's around them and how to win. Maps have the issue of being favourable to one team but once you are skilled enough, it means nothing but most people tend to play on maps that are familiar and work for them. I prefer nuke and dust and it is a shame that I just can't enjoy every map equally. Openning cases can create a gambling like addiction in rare cases but I do love how it affects : Nothing, it just maps your crappy looking HD M4A4 into something cool. Stattrak is also pretty nice but I do not like how it is built to give you something crap before something good. Still, I like how everything can we sold on the marketplace for money to put to MORE STEAM GAMES, can't argue. All in all, this game is more fun than a dolphin dancing around a dragon statue worshipping its new fake god. If I had to rate it, i'd say 9/10 for the lack of good maps like Dust II and occassional hackers but everything else is perfect. I recommend buying this game all the way. DO NOT HESITATE!
game-hours: 109.1
review: If you want a game to make you want to kill yourself, this is the game then good sir! Never have I been so dumbfounded by idiots who dont know how to play the game. PEOPLE JUST RDM ME FOR NO REASON, AND HALF THE TIME I'M A T, IT'S RIDICULOUS. I also think there is a glitch, because everytime I spawn it doesnt say innocent nor traitor in the bottom right. Whenever I get on this game I am constantly reminded of how bad I suck, and how awful people are for RDM. This game makes me cry everytime, yet I can't stay away from it, kinda like my ex-girlfriend. If I had to rate it, it would be 14 ripe bananas out of 18
game-hours: 617.6
review: Best 3rd person RPG game I've ever played, would rate it 11/10 if possible.
game-hours: 699.7
review: You finally arrive in a deserted place ridden with crime and corruption, No civilians in sight. The sun hurts your eyes and you feel disorientated and wheezy. Its been a long trip, you're tired. You need your rest, you have to be up early in the morning for your first mission. After a restless night you get up and already miss your wife and kids, that could have been the last time you ever saw them. Kiss the photo with your kid on it, don't tear up in front of all the other soldiers. It'll be okay, your loving kid gave you a picture before you left, look at it and smile, keep it in pocket for good luck. Mission is starting soon. You're all geared out and ready to dispatch. Mission starts and your legs are shaking. It'll be okay, it'll be okay. You and your comrade are instructed to flank them, already hearing gunshots and screams elsewhere, sweat dripping off your nose. You teammate goes round the corner, you hear him scream and he gets sprayed down, his body falls over, his eyes wide open, you're stunned and unable to move, his unemotional face staring blankly at you. Your team aren't talking to you, they must have gone. You have no choice but to push forward. Dreading walking around that corner, don't know how many people are behind it. You finally push round the corner and... ING AWPED, THIS GAME IS SO ! >Limp Bizkit has abandoned the match and received a 24 hour competitive matchmaking cooldown.
game-hours: 316.4
review: pretty gnarly bro
game-hours: 933.6
review: Go!
game-hours: 2421.7
review: Hi VALVe! Thank you so much that you KILLED my favourite game again, because of your 2 eur price, I can't play another 2-3 months, CHEATERS everywhere, and they simply DONT CARE, because its cheaper then their ing cheat. How about making this game Free2Play, and CHEATERS vs CHEATERS. If you care about the game, don't play it for a long time, you will only get RAGE not fair play.  2EUR!  IT HARD!
game-hours: 54.2
review: This ain't Call of Duty baby baby!
game-hours: 631.2
review: ZAEBIS
game-hours: 561.2
review: Great game!
game-hours: 2998.5
review: Very addicting game. The strongest point this game has is its history. The game has been around for over a decade. It has a very steep learning curve, and a high skill ceiling to match. The most vibrant competitive scene of any FPS on the market. You can see my full review of the game here.
game-hours: 588.8
review: "lol that p90 crouch" "worst flash in history" "dont shoot team" "WHERES BOMB GOING111!1" "can we kick fluffysox" "dakdak noob" Fluffysox has earned the achievment "Newb World Order" Bot Cecile  Fluffysox "shut the  up nobody cares" "go back to casual plz" "uninstall fluffysox" "wtf fluf no skins?" "go back to cod: black ops u fluffy "
game-hours: 2234.1
review: ... Just ...
game-hours: 923.6
review: Epic game. Really fun and a must have for only 15$ not on sale.
game-hours: 6734.0
review: <3
game-hours: 213.8
review: pew pew
game-hours: 69.8
review: It's important to appreciate games like this for what they are, and this game is a callback to a past chapter of video game history that's been buffed and polished. And unfortunately as someone who never actually played the original Counter-Strike games, I'm not in much of a position to judge exactly how well they pulled this off. Basically, it entirely boils down to the kind of person you are. If you're a die-hard Counter-Strike fan, then this is probably all you can ask for. If you're a more typical gamer who just finished playing Crysis or Battlefield and wants to pick up something to play over the weekend, then trust me when I say that this is NOT the game for you. It's the online FPS equivilent of Dark Souls, in a way.
game-hours: 1840.2
review: Go B!
game-hours: 200.3
review: such a perfect game I totally recommend it
game-hours: 447.5
review: "Bingo, bango, bongo, bish, bash, bosh!"
game-hours: 374.1
review: I've spent exactly 1.2k hours playing this game in all my accounts , i've found that this game is the best FPS game you can ever play. And here's why : First of all , you need some skills to play this game correctly , and when you get enough skills , you'll get more fun and more fun! Second , if you play this game with your friends , you'll get into it faster than playing SOLO , so its more fun with your friends instead of playing with randoms , then u'll try to be more better especially if you find a decent mates-team that plays with you , you'll start looking for some strats , then you'll play it more like serious. Third , for graphics , i dont really care about any game's graphics when its fun , but CS:GO's graphics are decent so there is no reason to complain about it. 4th , its gameplay , that every COD player complains about it. especially 'recoil' its really hard to control it but that's the the game you need to practice with your recoil , and try to find out the best settings you can play with. And there is alot of good things about this amazing game but sadly i cannot write them all in one review . And there is some bad things about this game , like after every update some people start getting some weird lags , i think they need to fix it , and if you're looking to play this game more serious , dont play on MatchMaking servers , because its full of R_E_T_A_R_D_S and alot of trolls and its a land of AFKs , thats just made me feel mad , just go on esea , esl , leetway and so on , and one more thing , and its after about every steam sale , CS:GO become a land of cheaters , and thats just redicouless. The reason why I'm not playing much lately because I need to focus on better life decisions and many important things. Finally i hope you find this review a helpful review and thanks for reading.
game-hours: 294.1
review: Super Duper Game, All counter strike lovers must have this game in there collection :)))) its difficult first but later when u get use to it is thrilling, awesome, game. Give it a try you will not regret your choice.
game-hours: 1356.2
review: Great classic fps, its by far worth the money
game-hours: 249.5
review: Shot chickens all game while Russians cussed out Americans and smurfs carried my team to victory, just for me to get a Rare Drop and keep forever. 10/10 Would Chicken again. :3
game-hours: 797.5
review: I went competitive, and after a while I was the only one against 5 enemy players. I killed 4 of them, but then the last guy killed me. I got kicked off for beeing a noob. 11/10 would play again
game-hours: 33.5
review: The good points: CS:GO isn't reinventing the wheel of first person shooters. If you've played any iteration of Counter-Strike over the years, you'll find most of the content very familiar. That said, GO adds enough to keep it interesting. All of the weapons feel unique and the variety of gameplay modes will mean endless hours of entertainment. The bad points: I've been playing video games for a long time and the CS:GO community might be the worst I've ever dealt with. In addition to the run-of-the-mill trash talk, you can expect to be inundated with anti-Semitic, racist, and/or homophobic slurs (I've heard some people use all three at a time to insult other players). I don't think I've ever heard someone say something insightful on the mic in all of the matches I've played. Your best bet is to simply mute as many players as possible. All in all, a great game as long as you ignore what everyone says during a match.
game-hours: 1356.2
review: Great classic fps, its by far worth the money
game-hours: 249.5
review: Shot chickens all game while Russians cussed out Americans and smurfs carried my team to victory, just for me to get a Rare Drop and keep forever. 10/10 Would Chicken again. :3
game-hours: 69.8
review: It's important to appreciate games like this for what they are, and this game is a callback to a past chapter of video game history that's been buffed and polished. And unfortunately as someone who never actually played the original Counter-Strike games, I'm not in much of a position to judge exactly how well they pulled this off. Basically, it entirely boils down to the kind of person you are. If you're a die-hard Counter-Strike fan, then this is probably all you can ask for. If you're a more typical gamer who just finished playing Crysis or Battlefield and wants to pick up something to play over the weekend, then trust me when I say that this is NOT the game for you. It's the online FPS equivilent of Dark Souls, in a way.
game-hours: 1781.3
review: My fav FPS to date. The game is really fun and easy to play. I would highly recommend this game to anyone. 8/10.
game-hours: 313.8
review: If you love getting so mad that your family questions your mental health, buy this game.
game-hours: 747.0
review: A bot killed me with a flashbang
game-hours: 210.3
review: Counter-Strike. The game that lives up to its name. So simple, yet so much fun. It could be considered the game that began competitive first-person shooters... Or at least to my knowledge, it is. And compared to the other Counter-Strike games, I gotta say... CS:GO was okay. Graphics are nice, old-school maps, and the new item drop system is a nice addition. But, now, the only reason I play it is because I'm playing it with a friend, or I just want a drop that I could sell, no matter how pathetic it would be, or I just wanna waste time. You would find it awesome at first. But, at some point, it didn't give me something CS 1.6 gave me, and still gives today - Thrill. I won't say it's bad. But, then again, your money's probably well-spent on this game on sale... Or well-spent on something else.
game-hours: 33.5
review: The good points: CS:GO isn't reinventing the wheel of first person shooters. If you've played any iteration of Counter-Strike over the years, you'll find most of the content very familiar. That said, GO adds enough to keep it interesting. All of the weapons feel unique and the variety of gameplay modes will mean endless hours of entertainment. The bad points: I've been playing video games for a long time and the CS:GO community might be the worst I've ever dealt with. In addition to the run-of-the-mill trash talk, you can expect to be inundated with anti-Semitic, racist, and/or homophobic slurs (I've heard some people use all three at a time to insult other players). I don't think I've ever heard someone say something insightful on the mic in all of the matches I've played. Your best bet is to simply mute as many players as possible. All in all, a great game as long as you ignore what everyone says during a match.
game-hours: 1028.4
review: Great shooter that sticks to basics with small little gameplay mechanic challenges lets call them, A competitive heart racing game that will for sure keep you coming back for more.
game-hours: 435.6
review: Tak
game-hours: 1874.9
review: SO GOOD
game-hours: 1525.8
review: This game is of my favorite games .. im started playing CS 1.6 My ChildHood game ! but when Source come out i dont bought him... but when cs : go come out i boght but i say to me , i think is  game... but when i start playing i really love it !
game-hours: 1795.9
review: Amazing game, not many hackers, although vote kick is abused a lot 8/10 UPDATE: A lot of hackers...
game-hours: 291.5
review: Very Nice Game. Cool Skins of Weapons, Team Game.... Shooter!
game-hours: 219.5
review: still defusing without hands just keep playing until CT defusing c4 with hands 10/10 would play more
game-hours: 1331.3
review: pow pow pow pew pew pew
game-hours: 226.5
review: (  )                     .                    .
game-hours: 254.3
review: got negev sprayed eternally killed twelve people in deathmatch with one magazine felt happy with myself i'm scum 420/10 made me drop my quavers
game-hours: 33.6
review: A FPS that has evolved from a simple free mod, to a top notch competitive contender.
game-hours: 334.1
review: This game is good mkkkkk
game-hours: 1529.5
review: Counter Strike is one of those games where no matter how much you play it you never have the same encounters. It is fun and thrilling and should be Game of The Year every year!
game-hours: 1095.1
review: CSGO is the most interactive, and competitive game I have ever played. well done.
game-hours: 320.5
review: Why-don't-my-bullets-go-where-I-want-them-to Simulator 2012
game-hours: 33.6
review: A FPS that has evolved from a simple free mod, to a top notch competitive contender.
game-hours: 3.4
review: ONLY CUCKS PLAY THIS GAME
game-hours: 678.7
review: this game rips families apart.
game-hours: 267.2
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 71.8
review: I used to have a life...... :/
game-hours: 372.9
review: I AM A SWEGGPLANT
game-hours: 532.4
review: There are Chickens in it that explode. 10/10
game-hours: 1810.1
review: wow um why cant you aim down sights
game-hours: 2267.5
review: You can spend 400$ on a virtual knife . 10/10
game-hours: 691.0
review: Pure garbage. Complete waste of time.
game-hours: 267.2
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 71.8
review: I used to have a life...... :/
game-hours: 372.9
review: I AM A SWEGGPLANT
game-hours: 532.4
review: There are Chickens in it that explode. 10/10
game-hours: 277.0
review: Has anyone threatoned to rip/eat your  off before for being bad in a video-game? Well now I have.
game-hours: 678.7
review: this game rips families apart.
game-hours: 503.9
review: A lot of bots who think that it is better not who can not play : A lot of people like to look at the game clock, not knowing about the experience :
game-hours: 965.4
review: try nice game )
game-hours: 11.8
review: CS,     . , , ,      ,      ,          , .    ,          .    , ,   ,   ,         . ,  .  ,      ,     ,    .  ,          (    ,  ).    ,       ,         ,  CS,   Global Offensive.  ,    ,   .   ,   ,   . -   ,     .  , ,     nuke  train.        , ,  ,    ,      ,   ,   .  CZ75-Auto, ,   ,     ,   DreamHack. ,  ,  SL4M  ,    .     ,    ,  ,     . ,   CS 1   ,     ,    . 9,8/10
game-hours: 1360.8
review: best game for competitive play :)
game-hours: 51.9
review: I have uninstalled the game because they removed the tactical shield.
game-hours: 1355.6
review: Best game!<3
game-hours: 2750.5
review: Worth it!
game-hours: 931.7
review: Whenever I play this game my nipples get hard and my  hits the roof, sometimes my  ejaculates everywhere, which can be quite hard to clean up, but either way I would recommend this game to everyone to play... Seriously it's a good game, play with friends too then you can ejaculate together.
game-hours: 978.0
review: ey yo i  wit dis
game-hours: 408.5
review: 68/421 gr8 inroduction to Gambling, would recommend to anyone under the age of 420.
game-hours: 45.0
review: You can shoot terrorists. For America.
game-hours: 268.2
review: whalecum to call of dooty but betterer
game-hours: 1331.1
review: sh*t community, sh*t hackers, sh*t smurfs but a nice game :)
game-hours: 459.0
review: C Y K A Simulator, thank you ing russians. Cause of you i hate this game.
game-hours: 824.6
review: this is such a good game, you should defiantly check it out if you havent already
game-hours: 118.1
review: AWESOME GAMES i got some money from this game
game-hours: 955.4
review: Pls volvo make another mm server for russian tribe, we, Europeans don't want to play with those . Pls.
game-hours: 3419.4
review: Not too shabby <3
game-hours: 1244.4
review: Must buy if you love FPS games!
game-hours: 342.9
review: Knife simulator 11/10
game-hours: 955.3
review: Love this game even though i suck at it right now. What makes this game fun is that it's basically about skill not like COD for sure.
game-hours: 316.2
review: Best game evar.
game-hours: 65.9
review: Valve,   !?  CS:       !    !? ...   L4d3       100%    .
game-hours: 333.2
review: Best game EVER!
game-hours: 342.9
review: Knife simulator 11/10
game-hours: 955.3
review: Love this game even though i suck at it right now. What makes this game fun is that it's basically about skill not like COD for sure.
game-hours: 484.3
review: Wonderful source of smurfs and douches that we all love. 10/10.
game-hours: 1182.4
review: +You can noscope. +There's chickens. +You can trade your soul for skins. +Gambling. +Balanced. +Never gets old. +Constant updates. -Hackers. -Scammers. -64-tick servers.
game-hours: 537.8
review: I don't know what to say about this game, but heres a basic recipe to pancakes. Basic pancakes recipe = Serving Size: 8 Category: Basic recipes, Breakfast, Budget, Cakes & Baking, Dessert, Easy recipes, Kids cooking, Kids food, Lunch box, Pancake recipes, Snacks Prep Time: 5 mins Cook Time: 10 mins Ingredients: 1 cup (150g) self-raising flour 1 tbsp sugar 1 egg, lightly beaten 3/4 cup (180ml) milk 50g butter, melted Method: 1) In a bowl mix flour and sugar. 2) Beat in the egg and then milk at little at a time until batter is smooth and lump-free. 3) In a hot pan or flat grill, brush butter over cooking surface and pour 1/4 cup measures for each pancake. 4) When large bubbles form on the surface, flip over and cook until lightly golden on the other side. 5) Eat them Thanks for reading my review I r8 8/8 - IGN
game-hours: 2713.0
review: Love it.
game-hours: 48.4
review: Got highest score by shooting at chickens only. 10/10 would sacrifice more chickens again.
game-hours: 125.2
review: Game's good as compared to other fps games its one of my best games . All features of game are good except the penalty =/ One of best games on steam =) Got nothing more to tell about lol Well Have a nice day :D
game-hours: 1032.8
review: No iron sights 0/10 -IGN
game-hours: 63.9
review: Global Offensive is the latest franchise in Counter Strike. Awesome new layout in the main menu and the same goes for the buy screen when the start of a match. After each match, the weapons that you are currently using will be load up on ammo automatically. There are several new weapons in this franchise, so...you can look forward on using all the weapons. Another thing that is new in this game will be the weapon camos, I am not 100% sure on how to get this....but from what I've heard from my friends...you can keep on playing the game until you unlock new camos in-game or you can make your own unique camos in the Counter Strike Global Offensive Workshop. There are 5 modes in this game: Demolition, Arms Race, Competitive, Casual and Deathmatch. New maps are added in the game or...you can choose to download extra new maps from the Counter Strike Global Offensive Workshop for more fun!! I recommend on buying this game when it goes on sale!
game-hours: 994.4
review: First competetive FPS made and still the best around
game-hours: 322.5
review: CoD Tetris mode! It's like CoD but without all the fun. Some people might want to lure you in by saying "CoD's fer fukkin kids bra, thissis so realtik", but standing still and shooting (not aiming god forbid) a pixel is surprisingly not as fun as it may sound. This is so realistic that a grenade doesn't kill you and a flashbang makes the screen go white, which is racist. If you're to poor to buy CoD and you don't want to resort to prostitution, I recommend buying this 1999 mod, even though 4,99$ is a bit much for "Pixel Hunt Deluxe"
game-hours: 607.6
review: SUGOI !
game-hours: 363.6
review: Just bought this game 2 days ago, almost 24 hours played... T's are Red, Ct's are blue, I suck at this game, you will too. 10/10
game-hours: 20.2
review: This is my fav Counter Strike :D
game-hours: 142.5
review: Sprayed with my P90 and got a headshot from 100 feet away, i typed "Boom, headshot" in the chat box. The gentleman (or gentlelady) i killed replied with " u noob ". Good times. 9/10. Would've got a 10 but it suffers from a severe lack of hats.
game-hours: 865.7
review: Stupid game. Update: If you are new to the game, at some point you will play against cheaters that will try the best to make you angry with their  attitude. If this happens just block them and keep playing. Also probably the 30% of players do cheat regularly. Don't be fooled by the amount of hours a players might have. Even the ones with 2k hours do cheat. Also the 90% of player with new account that play good are either smurfers or cheaters(mostly cheaters). All said, have fun.
game-hours: 111.9
review: it's like team fortress 2's crate system but it doesn't suck
game-hours: 142.5
review: Sprayed with my P90 and got a headshot from 100 feet away, i typed "Boom, headshot" in the chat box. The gentleman (or gentlelady) i killed replied with " u noob ". Good times. 9/10. Would've got a 10 but it suffers from a severe lack of hats.
game-hours: 865.7
review: Stupid game. Update: If you are new to the game, at some point you will play against cheaters that will try the best to make you angry with their  attitude. If this happens just block them and keep playing. Also probably the 30% of players do cheat regularly. Don't be fooled by the amount of hours a players might have. Even the ones with 2k hours do cheat. Also the 90% of player with new account that play good are either smurfers or cheaters(mostly cheaters). All said, have fun.
game-hours: 1714.9
review: likelikelike
game-hours: 496.8
review: Global Offensive is a new addition to the Counter Strike series. This game features a unique tactical gameplay with 2 teams. -The Counter Terrorists (CT's): Anti - Terrorist group from over the world. SAS, SWAT, FBI and the Israel Defense Force. Their objective is to rescue hostages in (cs_) maps or in (de_) maps to defend a bombsite from the terrorists. - The Terrorists (T's): Terrorists are the bad guys. They need to defend hostages from being rescued from the CT's or need to bomb bombsites that the CT's must defend. Ofcourse this Counter Strike feature new and the classic maps like de_nuke and one of the best maps : de_dust2 and also features new gamemodes like: -Arms Race an official version of one of the most populair mod gun game. Where people need to make kills with all weapons given. The first one to get a kill with the "golden knife" wins -Demolition a all new gamemode with elements of Arms Race within small demolition maps where T's need to bomb the bombsite. -Deathmatch a deathmatch on Counter Strike maps with the idea of the chaos from game like Quake 3. This game is for everyone. From Counter Strike veterans to people that are new to FPS's altough it can be hard to get started. In my opinion the best thing they added to Counter Strike is the Competetive modes. Counter Strike always was one of the most competetive games ever but you needed to find matches and a team on chatrooms like IRC, Quakenet and those sort of things. Now it doesnt matter if you have a full team or your on your one. You can always find matches like this. This is just the normal Counter Strike maps. But the gameplay changes drastically. This is a dead serious mode so this is not somewhere where you should grief or  around. This is a COMPETETIVE mode. People want to COMPETE. Prepare for battle. However you don't need to be the best in Counter Strike to play competetive mode. After 10 wins you will be set in a skill group. To this skill group you will be matched to people with almost the same skill. So you don't have to worry. The new Arms Deal update provided us with many new skins for you guns. This is a great addition. You can buy and or get weapons for free by playing the game. Also new in this series is temporary map packs like the Operation Payback and the Operation Bravo. This is a mappack that you can pickup for 5 eur's that feature the most liked custom maps on official Valve servers. No lagg and your favorite maps on stable servers. My opinion about Global Offensive is that it is the best Counter Strike. I started playing Counter Strike Source 5 years ago. I loved the gameplay and the tactics. Then Global Offensive came out and i was tought this wasn't gonna be a good game. But it proven itself. Valve did a great job with this game. Most of the things i missed on Source are there in Global Offensive. For example the competetive mode i explained before. Written by Stefan (T-Sweezy)
game-hours: 466.0
review: Too much cocky MLG biotches.
game-hours: 1334.1
review: the community is ruinig this game... enough said
game-hours: 1062.5
review: It's Counter-Strike the best fps.
game-hours: 667.2
review: A nice game with the traditional Counter-Strike feeling, i'm not much of a reviewer, the aiming feels alot different compared to 1.6, CZ or Css. I really like the graphical design of the game and it's really fun to play with friends, i like the addition of skins in this game purely for the reason of seeing the same guns all the time can get quite boring, and for some people that likes to collect items for games but never gotten into the more heavier item games such as tf2 or other things, it can be quite nice, though of course there are the fair share of fools who believe that skins makes you imediately better, it really doesn't. But i'd recommend the game, it's kinda fun, but you can get banned if you're too good in a low skillbracket. Just saying.
game-hours: 201.3
review: !
game-hours: 3201.2
review: CS:GO  Yourself.
game-hours: 561.6
review: 10/10 best game.
game-hours: 151.6
review: votekicking simulator
game-hours: 723.8
review: I only have about 35 hours on this game and i now know fluent Russian. This is literetly the best Russian guide i have ever bought. Highly recommended if you do not know Russian, yet.
game-hours: 1754.1
review: You will spend the rest of your life playing this game if you got what you needed :)
game-hours: 198.6
review: Horrible game. I joined a game of "Arms Race" but everyone was still running around on their legs. Ruined an otherwise great game for me. 3/10 for the pretty pictures.
game-hours: 16.7
review: DO NOT BYE DIS GAM OK! I WIL SEY IT RITE NOW SAVE UR MONIE 4 KALL OF DOOTY ADVANSED WARFAIR. ok ok so now dat im not as mad ill tell u y dis gam isnt as gud as cal of duti ok? ok ok 1st of al, tis game has no irun sites! ok u rite clyk nd nothin hapens bcuz valv is stil stuk in 1999 wen vidyo gams didnt have gud enough grafpics 2 hav irun sits on gunz ok? like omg valve its 2013 get wit the tymes. ppl aym guns wen they shoot ok? if u wanna have a reelistic gam, then u cnt shoot from teh hip nmbar 2 now u redy? ok. no killstreeks or unlok system. ok guyz wtf. CoD duz this, halo duz dis, and even battelfeeld duz this. y wuld i pley ur game if theres no gunz or cool emblyms 2 unlok? nd no killstreeks either? comon valv! y wuld i wnna kil 5 gys in a ro if i cnt call in a ayr stryke or a UAV? cumon 3. u dnt respwn wen u die. like wtf is up wit dis? i hav 2 weit around 4 leik 2 mins whyle my teem gets 2 pley. dis is so lame ok? evry other gam lets u respwn. if u keep killin us of leik dis, no1 is gonna b around 2 pley ur game. just seyin 4. weres teh singel playr campain? how am i spposed 2 lern how 2 pley dis game if thrs no zombie mode. y wuld i fite ur war if thrs no story 2 set it up? CoD wins agen srry valv TL;DR: dis is a bad gam. play cod insted i giv it a 2/10 mor detayl belo +1 for havin gunz +1 for havin explosons -1 no irun sites -1 no tanks -1 no killstreeks -1 no singel playr or nazy zombees -1 nife dusnt take 1 hit hit 2 kil -1 no respwning wen u dye -1 no sexi ladys comon gys i wana hav sum eye candi lol (ladiez mssag me if ur intrsted in a cool guy ;) i dont byte lol) -1 bad grafpics
game-hours: 861.8
review: CS:S and TTT are hard I can play both 10/10 Would be owned by the 934 hours played people again
game-hours: 1649.2
review: If im going to compare this, and CSS. I want to say, that CSS is more for the fun stuff, like: Minigame, Gungame, Surf, Ba_jail and ETC. But CS:GO, this game, its a really good game actually, in the start i was thinking it was bad. Well i was wrong, this game is very good, but i think its mostly for the competitive players. Btw, there is also a new game mode, demolution. If you want to play serious, you should get this instead of CSS. This game is worth the full price! 4.5/5
game-hours: 1882.9
review: DIS IS A GOOD GAYME, GOTA SHOOT PPL IN IT DEN PLANT BOMBS AT PLACES, SUM PPL USE OTHER FINGS TO HELP THEM SHOOT OVER PPLS EASIEAR AND SEE THRU THE WALLS BUT THEY ARE SILLY, I LIKE DIS GAME CUS IT IS VERY CHALLENGINGNG TO ME 5 STARTS **** 16/10 MUST PLAY xxxx
game-hours: 826.6
review: Counter-Strike is one of the biggest names in the PC gaming community, and for good reason: it revolutionized multiplayer FPS games. After the original CS hit shelves, along with 1.6 and Source, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive has set the bar even higher, and jumped over it tenfold. Sticking close to it's roots, Global Offensive employs it's famous bomb defusal and hostage mission game modes (available in both "casual" and ranked 5v5 "competetive" types), along with integrating some other fun modes, such as arms race and deathmatch. Bomb and hostage scenarios are lead by a buying system, encouraging successful kills and objectives (like planting the bomb) to aid in buying gear in the next round. Players are required to use teamwork and tactics in order to come out on top against the enemy team, and winning a game gives a sense of satisfaction unlike any other first-person shooter game I've ever experienced. If you are expecting this game to be anything like Call of Duty or Battlefield, you will be sorely disappointed. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is an excellent addition to the CS saga, and I strongly recommend picking it up and giving it a try.
game-hours: 661.1
review: This game will bring you alot of fun and hours played, I've played the first counterstrike 7 years ago. I've been a Counter-Strike fan since I first tried it out. I've got a total of 4000 hours in total of all the counter-strike games combined over my 7 years of service. This game is alot of fun and the operations are really great! If you feel like you don't hit, either become a better player by training your aim and reaction, or you could switch from Valves standard 64 tick (64 updates per second) to a paid 128 tick server (Costs if you're gonna do it the pro way, some free servers for it in the server browser). This game is very cheap and on some sales (which is common), it can cost around 3. That's the price you sell one or two cases for, which drops very common! This game is updated and maintained alot. This is a very good game and I support it to 100%.
game-hours: 1021.4
review: what can i say the mother of all FPS games for me, been playing since a little bit before cs 1.6. CS GO can still improve on some things in the future, but already where it belongs on top of the FPS games
game-hours: 562.5
review: Counter-strikes: globals offensive is a game which has surely bucked the trend in making a new counter strikes games as they have put the AWP in TF2 instead which is a better game. my least favourite part of this new counter strikes is when i was was running down the hill at the terrorism man and i shot him first, but he shot me instead. This is like that controversy in star wars when they say 'ham shot the man first' because when georgie lucas remade the film with better actors (it's called Lord Of The Rings if you are interested in watching, the special effects are to die for and there is a talking tree which is just genius) ham solo was shot in the face and died, which made lots of people sad because he was a really good actor, especially that bit when he got frozen in the black ice stuff andhad to stand still in an uncomfortable position for a really long time. I once had a job where i was on the register at a shop and had to stand still for a really long time but i entertained myself by committing minor acts of shoplifting. Really it all just comes back to crime and if you want to be the counter terrorism guy and shoot the bad guys in the face this is the game for you. But if you are a renegade soul who just needs to see the world burn like the bad guy in that batman film who died then i would suggest a different game like Peggle.
game-hours: 830.5
review: in love this game
game-hours: 79.9
review: Another game by the valve company, its the Counter Strike ! The game that we all should love. The competitive part of the gameplay is full with teamwork, skill and tactics, its nice that team with a leader (A guy that command his/her teamates via team chat or voice chat) will always win if they are against a team without a proper leader. Soo the teamwork in this game is very superb. All the weapons in this game is balanced, so no matter which gun you used, as long as you can used it, you can kill even an opponent with a more expensive gun than you, i see alot players with a 800$ weapon win against a players with a 5000$ weapon. And if you didn't like competitive you can have fun too with a Call of duty style team deathmatch, and free for all. Its really fun, all you need to do in this mode is to just kill the enemy, killing another players in this mode is really fun and a stress reliever. Recommended to all competitive and also casual players ! PS: You can actually earned money from this game item drop, so you can actually have fun and earned money. :D
game-hours: 730.5
review: The amount of teamwork related options you have in this game is simply unbelievable.
game-hours: 251.7
review: Wow...This game is very repetitive! I haven't put alot of hours into it but from those hours that I've been playing, This game is very hard. It's not a bad game at all. It's just the people that play it. There's some people withover 1000hrs on it and then there's me. Only a few hours into the game. Back to my point, This game is good but it's just very fast-paced and sometimes.... unrealistic. You will get mad alot in this game. I repeat, YOU WILL GET MAD IN THIS GAME.... ALOT!! Overall, This game is great! You just have to know what you're doing. I'd give it a 10/10 but with all the rage that has happened, I'd give it an 8.5/10
game-hours: 1123.0
review: 123
game-hours: 2493.0
review: cool !
game-hours: 1567.3
review: I have recently started playing this more and more (WHY DID I NOT START EARLIER). The game is a blast playing with friends and even randoms that do comunicate. Getting awarded with items at random after a matchmaking game is a good way to keep you playing.
game-hours: 586.6
review: Great game, usually a one time fee of $15 but the past winter sale had it at $2.99/copy. Valve does have some work to do on this game, while other games have balancing issues and a crappy player base, this game is not so much affected by that so much as it is affected by the subpar servers. About 95% uptime, but when they go down you get a penalty for "leaving the match" and get banned from competitive servers. This may happen multiple times in a row, and an undeserving player may find themselves left with much rage and a 7 day ban.
game-hours: 545.6
review: Cant stop playing
game-hours: 282.6
review: Awesome graphics. Must buy this game if you love FPS games
game-hours: 410.4
review: ez $$$ ez game ez life
game-hours: 1743.9
review: If you haven't already played a Counter Strike game then you're doing something wrong. Global Offensive is just like the rest, simply improved as time progresses. Best part of the Counter Strike series is that you know exactly what to expect from each new installment.
game-hours: 58.6
review: This game is about hiding behind corners.
game-hours: 1802.5
review: Solid graphics and very realiable matchmaking system. Truly a great update for the Counter Strike franchise.
game-hours: 197.9
review: Szp,j,fasza s lvezetes! Egyik kedvenc jtkom.
game-hours: 719.9
review: stolen my life *Quack*
game-hours: 238.0
review: let the fun times smashing keyboards and thinking that everybody who is better than you is a cheater and everyone whos ier is a noob begin
game-hours: 197.7
review: Meilleur FPS depuis Counter-Strike 1.6
game-hours: 429.7
review: Good game.
game-hours: 328.1
review: goog
game-hours: 301.8
review: Another addictive game after cs 1.6. I enjoy each and every moment when I play this game. #CsForever<3
game-hours: 1514.4
review: CS:GO is currently my favorite game. No other game comes close to this one. CS:GO is a great game for casual and serious gamers. If you want to have some fun you can just join a casual match or browse the community servers for nice community made mods, like jailbreak, Hide'n'Seek or Zombie Escape. But you can also play serious games by joining competitive games. Those require 2 full teams made of 5 players. They play a full match against each other. Every single match is recorded which means you can report cheaters and other bad gamers. Cheaters get banned pretty fast in this game, sometimes they don't even last 3 hours and they account is banned. This game beats other games like Battlefield for CoD when it comes to competitive gameplay. Once you played cs:go you can't go back to them anymore because they feel like kiddy games. You can also download a lot of custom maps made by the community, Valve doesn't forces you to buy DLC's like other game publishers.
game-hours: 1411.0
review: Excellent game, so much fun, great engine, almost perfect, 9.7/10
game-hours: 1398.8
review: Share your favorite 00's pop radio hits with your friendly opponents in your next competitive lobby!
game-hours: 53.0
review: Somehow, I don't think "TERRORISTS WIN" blaring through my speakers at an airport is grounds for "random screening."
game-hours: 585.7
review: idk where the maps are so i cant confirm the global part but yes u can counterstrike most of the time
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.6
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2868.4
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 201.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 764.7
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 7.6
review: you shoot people trying even harder to shoot you.
game-hours: 1695.0
review: nice
game-hours: 627.1
review: It's Ok.
game-hours: 32.8
review: Kill or be killed. 7/10
game-hours: 1221.3
review: Nice game download now! :D
game-hours: 1130.1
review: A worthy update to Counter-Strike: Source, CS:GO improves upon tons of mechanics that were lack-luster, or made the game too easy to get good at in it's predecessor. I think it's clearly safe to say this game also removed the stain left in the professional Counter-Strike community after a few CAL judges made unnecessary bans to advance their teams through tournaments. It's already had almost two dozen torunaments with multiple professional 5-man teams that many may recognize from CS 1.6. This game made quick work to fix some things that were decidedly annoying in CS:S, one being the too-often consistent bullet patterns when not on a flat surface(e.g. jumping, surfing, et cetera.) Some guns have been removed(looking at you MP5, and M3.), although they have been given replacements, and are joined with other new weapons that make the game much more fresh, and keep things interesting. Overall, combining this with the skin updates that will now be regular, the game can even pay for itself within a few weeks! The features allowing you to download demos of your games, watch the pros and casual high ranks alike live, and tons of exclusives for watching tournaments not only brings up community morale, but increases the excitement of the game. You can also link your twitch account to make it all easier. Very cool. Community servers are surprisingly still full, and almost as numerous as the last 3 games, even though Competitive play has been enhanced with an ELO system, and ranks to go along with it. Like always, if you can get good at this game, you'll be good at any First Person Shooter, making it a key title to own and play. It brings a set of new graphics that are amazing to compare to the other CS games(nostlagia withstanding), made all the better because of Valve's typical work to offload Graphics Processing to the CPU when possible. For what it's worth, it hardly tolls even low-end GPUs like my current 525M, with maxed settings, and very high levels of Anti-Aliasing. I'm able to keep a minimum of 80 Frames Per Second, and average about 150. All in all, I'm pleased to say that I have over 600 hours sunk into this game, and am only about 200 hours off surpassing my CS:S playtime as of writing. Valve did an amazing job with this game, and I can't wait to see what it's successor in Source 2 will look like!
game-hours: 144.0
review: You shoot things and they shoot you.
game-hours: 555.4
review: A must-have modern recreation of the game the series had always meant to be.
game-hours: 643.3
review: its eZ
game-hours: 1670.6
review: Got the game free from a friend Spent quadruple what the games worth on skins Ruined my life, spent all of my life savings
game-hours: 758.1
review: ITS SICKIAGSSE JJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJUUUUUUUUU\UUUUUST BUY IT LAL WHILE IT ON OFFER 3 DAM GUDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DEAL
game-hours: 742.6
review: I am one of those  'veterans', who started playing with counter strike 1.6 (didn't have my own account by those time, though) and I have long story of 'relationship' with counter strike universe and csgo universe especially. Telling in advance - I made long way from hating csgo up to loving it. But anyway, to the point: For people, who don't know what counter strike is, and who never heard about this game before: Counter strike is unique semi-reallistic game, which is build around global opposition of different terrorist groups (somali pirates, phoenix connection, etc) and different law enforcement groups (SAS, GIGN, GSG-9, SWAT, FBI etc). Game features several rounds (from 16 up to 32, depends on a gamemode and server rules), where every player have only one life per round. As soon as round time ends, or one of the teams eliminated, round is finished. After every round players respawn and acquire a sum of money to buy a weapon and different gadgets (armor, flash and smoke grenades, etc). Game features several game modes: (classic) hostage rescue (maps with ct_prefix): Counter Terrorists must steal hostage (or any of the several hostages) from a place, secured by terrorists and bring this hostage to a safe zone. As soon as hostage is brought, or whole terrorist team eliminated, counter terrorists win. If time ends and counter terrorists did not bring hostage to a safe area, terrorists win. As soon as counter terrorist carries hostage, whone CT team gets extra 1:30 minute time to reach safe place. (classic) bomb defuse (maps with de_prefix): Terrorists must blow one of two bomb plants. Problem is, there's only one bomb per whole team. As soon as bomb carrying terrorist falls dead, another terrorist can pick the bomb and plant it at the bomb plant point. Counter terrorists can not destroy the bomb or bring it to another place, if it's fallen. As soon as bomb is planted, round time stops and to win, counter terrorists must defuse bomb. If bomb is blown, even though all terrorists are dead, terrorist team wins the round. gungame (Honestly, forgive me if I make mistake here, but it's one of the gametypes I barely played): The least teamplay addicted game type. You start with one of the weakest weapons and as soon as you kill anyone, you get new weapon. As soon as you come through all the weapons (including knife), you win the map. You instantly respawn after death. I remember there was also gungame gametype, where you had only one life, but gungame is not my cup of tea, so let's finish on this. deathmatch: Also one of the gametypes where you respawn right after death. But, unlike gungame, you choose weapon you want at the start of a new life. You should kill as many enemies, as you can. Thanks to respawn in random places of the map, fight itself reminds a messy war, where enemy can shoot you in the back (just because he respawned there) and so on. I don't normally play this gametype aswell, but if I remember right, this gametype was brought by community. Also, community made more gametypes, like zombiemod, bunnyhop (or whatever is it called) and deathrun, where you need to reach some point. Now, for people who played cs for a while. Main differences from cs 1.6 and css here are: partially new weapons, updated radio commands, updated hostage rescue mode, where you need to actually PICK UP only ONE hostage and bring him to the safe place. Weapons have changed physics, so you'll need to learn everything again. And, an old problem, which became more important duo to competative gamemode: CHEATERS! Can't say there are many cheaters, but when you meet them, whole fun is ruined. Same when you meet stupid people. As we reviewed the game (I tried to be as short as possible), I'll express my mind on it: Firstly, I hated this game. It seemed like you need to deliver like 10 hits to your enemy. It had (and it still has) changed radio commands (yes, I was one of those few people, who used radio commands), you couldn't (and still can't) choose your player model (only team, like in css beta), you had and (still have) some grenades, which, probably don't even exist (decoy and incendinary, the molotov analogue, btw molotov here bounces from the wall, wtf?), or at least I was unable to find any info about them. In hostage rescue mode, why would you need to save only ONE hostage? Why would cops leave another one behind? You couldn't place silencer on M4 and 'base ct pistol', or use flashlight and many more things which I couldn't remeber right now. With time, Valve fixed their gaps, and I came to some re-analysis of the situation: First of all let's all agree with the fact, that cs:go is, unlike css, a complete SEQUEL of an online game, so OF COURSE it should have some differences, like radio commands, weapon reballance and stuff More over, with time it turns out, you don't need to hit your enemy 10 times, it's just you moving, so THAT'S WHY you don't hit the enemy. The ballance itself is still the same: 1-6 shots, depends on what weapons do you use; Indeed, you can't use player model, but they made 5 different models for each side, so you'll have no more 3 twins, out of 5 people playing, which, actually, compensates your choice of the model. Some changes were made for the sake of ballance (talking of hostages and some weapons' accuracy) Grenades... Well, firstly, I can't say these grenades are something sci-fi like. I believe that even if they don't exist, humanity can create them, using our own technologies. Also, Valve made special inventory, where people choose skins for their weapons and after few updates they brought us some old weapons, so now, you can use old good m4a1 with silencer, just as you did in css and cs 1.6, among with USP and it's silencer and another new pistol for exchange. They also made different skins for all weapons, so you can buy any skin you like and have your weapon in unique military\funny color (though, imo, it's a bit annoying to see all colors of the rainbow on some players' weapons, just because they love colorful schemes). Talking about radio commands again, it's better using VOIP instead of them, so updating radio is not a big deal... And now, I'd say, the best part of cs:go - it's competative mode. Competative mode features only classic gamemodes. In competative mode you play 5vs5. The more wins you get, the higher your rank is, the higher your rank is, the harder opponents and better allies are met. Competative mode is where whole TACTICAL potential of a game is shown. There's no map with perfect spot, enemy can always attack from the side, so you need to coordinate with your allies to cover each other, or rush same place from different directions, to capture it, with no any losses. Here's where all weapons are needed: short range weapons are the best for ambushes behind the corner, long range weapons are the best for long distances and medium range weapons are somewhat between long and short range. Though medium range weapons are the most often used, I must admit. You can play in a party with your friends, but be ready, because game will give you more cooperated team. Of course, not everything is perfect - sometimes game gives you wrong ranks, or you meet always-raging-idiot, or, what is worse, cheater, who kills you through the wall, but all in all it's a good game. A good sequel of one of the best tactical games of the end of the 90ths. What else can I say? If you like tactical shooters and you somehow never heard of counter strike, or you are thinking of buying it or not, my advice is not to waste your time and buy this game. It's just the game you should 'understand'. Too bad that biggest part of our youth is used to judge every game comparing to call of duty and quite often misses really good tactical games.
game-hours: 723.2
review: I don't recommend if you are bound to get upset over a game. Why you may ask? You have to deal with man-children. Alot of them.
game-hours: 94.5
review: Command and Strike: Global Alert is a game. This turn-based, roleplaying game combimes stealth and action not too distant to the Assassin's Creed series. Unlike the Assassin's Creed series, however, this game doesn't mess around. A risky lack of story really pays off with the powerful emphasis on coopertative puzzle solving. I'd caution new players to the Call of Strike: Global Warfare series, as the steep learning curve is somewhat of a disservice to the overall experience. However, if you can get over that curvature with ease, the experience opens up a lot of interesting rpg elements not typically seen in a third person shooter. If you're looking for a similar feel to the antiquated versions of this game but with more refined visuals, there's no reason to not pick this up. I give this real-time strategy visual novel a Snow White out of a Disney Princess.
game-hours: 80.4
review: dis is fun
game-hours: 551.1
review: .,,    -
game-hours: 890.9
review: Are you bored often? Are you socially inferior? Are you willing to spend hours on hours on this game? Are you willing to spend all of your parents money on knife/weapon skins? Then get CS:GO! The best fps game in stores right now!
game-hours: 195.0
review: CS: GO guns Rarity: (From most common to least common.) 1) - White - Consumer grade 2) - Light blue - Industrial grade 3) - Darker blue - Mil-spec 4) - Purple - Restricted 5) - Pinkish purple - Classified 6) - Red - Covert 7) - Exceedingly Rare  CS: GO guns Quality: (From worst exterior to best exterior.) 1) - Battle-Scarred 2) - Well-Worn 3) - Field-Tested 4) - Minimal Wear 5) - Factory New
game-hours: 1471.2
review: Are you looking for: - A virtual market - A way to become rich without having to move your entire body? - Russians? - Action? - Colorful weapons flying across the map? - Danish kids screaming? You've come to the right page, and game! With weapon skins, ranging in price from trading-card-price to damn-i-could've-bought-a-car-instead-price! Full of action, and you get to see precious de_dust2 in higher quality, and de_nuke even better! And even de_mirage takes a trip back! WARNING: If Russians give you PTSD, stay away.
game-hours: 351.0
review: This Game makes me wanna lick my windows.
game-hours: 965.9
review: best game ever
game-hours: 927.6
review: nice game buy it.
game-hours: 96.2
review: You seriously only need the AK-47 to be good at this game.
game-hours: 661.1
review: This game will bring you alot of fun and hours played, I've played the first counterstrike 7 years ago. I've been a Counter-Strike fan since I first tried it out. I've got a total of 4000 hours in total of all the counter-strike games combined over my 7 years of service. This game is alot of fun and the operations are really great! If you feel like you don't hit, either become a better player by training your aim and reaction, or you could switch from Valves standard 64 tick (64 updates per second) to a paid 128 tick server (Costs if you're gonna do it the pro way, some free servers for it in the server browser). This game is very cheap and on some sales (which is common), it can cost around 3. That's the price you sell one or two cases for, which drops very common! This game is updated and maintained alot. This is a very good game and I support it to 100%.
game-hours: 1021.4
review: what can i say the mother of all FPS games for me, been playing since a little bit before cs 1.6. CS GO can still improve on some things in the future, but already where it belongs on top of the FPS games
game-hours: 592.5
review: This game is a very fun FPS game and needs alot of skill with recoil control and movement patterns to do well in. Overall a really fun and strategic game! :)
game-hours: 475.0
review: Its a very good game. You get a lot for the low ammount of money it cost :)
game-hours: 586.6
review: Great game, usually a one time fee of $15 but the past winter sale had it at $2.99/copy. Valve does have some work to do on this game, while other games have balancing issues and a crappy player base, this game is not so much affected by that so much as it is affected by the subpar servers. About 95% uptime, but when they go down you get a penalty for "leaving the match" and get banned from competitive servers. This may happen multiple times in a row, and an undeserving player may find themselves left with much rage and a 7 day ban.
game-hours: 545.6
review: Cant stop playing
game-hours: 328.1
review: goog
game-hours: 3150.2
review: Im loving this game to core !
game-hours: 385.8
review: Welcome to CS:GO where the ranks are made up and your wins don't matter!
game-hours: 794.5
review: this game pretty much ruined my life. 10/10 goty
game-hours: 41.3
review: Many years ago I was drafted for this war. I was in the most deadly battle you could think of. I had lost all hope of survival and my team was loseing left and right. Then in my darkest hour I saw something that inspired me to keep fighting. It was single chicken that ran by and then I was inspired to fight for my freedom and I died but then I came back into the world. I think the reason was because I had not completed what I had started, I had not shown honor to the chicken yet, but then I saw a group of chickens and thats when I saw the holy chicken the one that I had saw in my time of darkness and I talked to it and became friends with thy chicken. Soon 2 enemys saw me I was traped with no escape I only managed to kill one of them and thats when the other shot but then out of no where the holy chicken flew down and sacrificed his life so that I had time to kill the other and survive. I still think of this chicken today and how he could have left me to die...but he didnt. he sacrificed himself for me as I think of him I shed a single tear and remember the fun times we had. How on that day he changed my life and inspired me that there is still hope in this dark world. How things can get better. From that day I said to myself I will keep fighting, that I will make sure that his death was not in vain and to honor all chickens not just him! You can honor the holy chicken to. All you have to do is purchase this game and fight for the chicken and for what is right! 10/10 Would honor the chicken again.
game-hours: 965.9
review: best game ever
game-hours: 927.6
review: nice game buy it.
game-hours: 1067.9
review: Amazing game :)
game-hours: 677.3
review: HOLY CRAP THIS GAME!! Its way to different to call of duty to even compare it to that. It is the best multiplayer game ive ever played and is great for people with game sense on the fact that you know where people will be camping and you know where people will go. And it is also good for team tactics unlike some other FPS games where you just go round shooting people (Call Of Duty). 10/10 buy this game 100% worth it!!
game-hours: 608.6
review: Ts voi ampuu muit tyyppei
game-hours: 881.9
review: this is good game
game-hours: 1740.9
review: I don't know what it is but CS:GO just never gets boring for me. I can play it for 20 hours straight, and I'll be loving every second of it. 440+ hrs on record in a 3 month duration and still loving it. Unlike Call of duty & Battlefield, this tactical FPS game is very unpredictable and gets hard on every rank level. I can say CS:GO is one of myaaa... you know, It's a style thing. Never liked the aug / galil so much till now. Ehh & inferno, mirage, nuke, dust and cache are all good maps. Don't queue on d2. The review has been brought to you by the honest and trustworthy Steam user "Shadys"
game-hours: 677.5
review: good good
game-hours: 2082.1
review: GIVE BACK MY LIFE
game-hours: 3335.0
review: come play this great game! hackers are all over the place it's great!
game-hours: 346.0
review: Shoot chickens, Ignore everything else.
game-hours: 190.6
review: tis a good game but my kangaroo cant play cause he prefers potatoes to avocado its all cause those natural sugars buzzin him so he flys around with the lemon of hisn dreams and says goodbye to his once true love mr cucumber its a hard life being far away from factorys cause my hearts washd up in bleach on the beach singing atom rock the new hit from the banana brothers but ye the games good id give it a 4 out of 20 one of my faovrite games a must watch its like a song its so smooth
game-hours: 572.1
review: good in this game is the high quality and performance in the picture about what we know already in the previous sections Of the game depends of the best known FPS games, tactically for an excellent game.
game-hours: 1166.7
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is one of those games i just wanna play all the time. This game is really good. The graphics are good, the gameplay are fun and the game modes are fantastic. I have been spending so much time on this wonderful game mode Competitive. Competitive is a mode where two teams are fighting against each other and the first team that wins 16 rounds win the match. You can play this game with your friends, you can play this game with yourself and you can play this game with strangers. I really don't get tired of this game, it keeps my mood up and if i don't know what to play i start CS:GO. If you don't already own this game you should be a shame because this is a MUST own. All in all you won't regret that you bought this game if you like FPS games, the CS series and games made by Valve. And here comes the best thing - Skins. You can buy several skins for your favorite guns. There is alot of skins + You get drops every week. These skins can be bought from the Community Market! Another review by Niko Bellic! (Written by myself) 10/10
game-hours: 450.7
review: Can't stop playing anymore. I've sunken all of my possible view of sense into it. 10/10 ing amazing :D
game-hours: 708.2
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 961.5
review: <3
game-hours: 346.0
review: Shoot chickens, Ignore everything else.
game-hours: 190.6
review: tis a good game but my kangaroo cant play cause he prefers potatoes to avocado its all cause those natural sugars buzzin him so he flys around with the lemon of hisn dreams and says goodbye to his once true love mr cucumber its a hard life being far away from factorys cause my hearts washd up in bleach on the beach singing atom rock the new hit from the banana brothers but ye the games good id give it a 4 out of 20 one of my faovrite games a must watch its like a song its so smooth
game-hours: 3335.0
review: come play this great game! hackers are all over the place it's great!
game-hours: 511.6
review: Got frustrated, broke the back of my keyboard, said I would never play this game again. Got back on 30 minutes later and spent $60 on virtual keys and skins in order to look cool over a video game. No ragrets. 10/10
game-hours: 275.4
review: It's the follow-up to the groundbreaking FPS series "Counter-Strike". And it's brilliant. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive retains the same classic feeling of Counter-Strike and does it while strutting it's stuff. I can remember playing Counter-Strike 1.6 when I was but a small child, and I still have fond memories of it. The graphics feel appropriate, and I love the art style. The fandom for this game still grows strong today, and I can't imagine the funds that it's raised for Valve & it's employees. Good job, guys. Hopefully there may be more to come in the series.
game-hours: 449.9
review: If you like FPS game this is for you,but there is some people who might call you hacker,noob,***hole and other nice words :) But that aint worst part! Worst is that servers wont always work :( And you really want to play this game! :D So you go to community servers and play with peoples who are totally ***holes :) Then you realise you have become one! 10/10 Peoples love this game 10/10 Will get pissed about this game! 10/10 You cant stop playing this game ever if you start this! *This game ruined my life my wife left me* So pity me and give me a knife! PS. If you ever find extra knife give it to me! And dont ever shoot CHICKEN i got vac! *sadface* See here is the sadface :< *Good things -Cheap. -Fun to play (sometimes) -Looks nice -You need potato run this game *Bad things -And yes this game haves annyoing problems. Like crashing when you alt+tab game while loading map. -Sometimes textures bugs. -And when you play competitive there is no 128tick servers..... -Annyoing players *cough* russians *cough* Only when they dont speak english. Over all this game is 6/10 Ps. I will add more stuff to this review when i start hate this game more or like...
game-hours: 547.7
review: I love this game
game-hours: 44.7
review: Reallly good game you should get it
game-hours: 1362.8
review: Worst video game ever! I shall only play it for another 1000hours.
game-hours: 834.5
review: You don't race with your arms in Arms Race. 11/10
game-hours: 80.6
review: Review on behalf of
game-hours: 596.2
review: . Full video review:
game-hours: 130.1
review: Great game and very much in the spirit of C.S. Source with a mashup of T.F.2. Snatch it on the sale and benefit from all the awesome skins and weapon deets. Must have if you are into fps!!!
game-hours: 187.3
review: Good Game. Even though I suck nuts at it I still enjoy it :)
game-hours: 1817.0
review: I killed a chicken ... BEST GAME EVER 10/10
game-hours: 275.4
review: It's the follow-up to the groundbreaking FPS series "Counter-Strike". And it's brilliant. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive retains the same classic feeling of Counter-Strike and does it while strutting it's stuff. I can remember playing Counter-Strike 1.6 when I was but a small child, and I still have fond memories of it. The graphics feel appropriate, and I love the art style. The fandom for this game still grows strong today, and I can't imagine the funds that it's raised for Valve & it's employees. Good job, guys. Hopefully there may be more to come in the series.
game-hours: 449.9
review: If you like FPS game this is for you,but there is some people who might call you hacker,noob,***hole and other nice words :) But that aint worst part! Worst is that servers wont always work :( And you really want to play this game! :D So you go to community servers and play with peoples who are totally ***holes :) Then you realise you have become one! 10/10 Peoples love this game 10/10 Will get pissed about this game! 10/10 You cant stop playing this game ever if you start this! *This game ruined my life my wife left me* So pity me and give me a knife! PS. If you ever find extra knife give it to me! And dont ever shoot CHICKEN i got vac! *sadface* See here is the sadface :< *Good things -Cheap. -Fun to play (sometimes) -Looks nice -You need potato run this game *Bad things -And yes this game haves annyoing problems. Like crashing when you alt+tab game while loading map. -Sometimes textures bugs. -And when you play competitive there is no 128tick servers..... -Annyoing players *cough* russians *cough* Only when they dont speak english. Over all this game is 6/10 Ps. I will add more stuff to this review when i start hate this game more or like...
game-hours: 547.7
review: I love this game
game-hours: 44.7
review: Reallly good game you should get it
game-hours: 1362.8
review: Worst video game ever! I shall only play it for another 1000hours.
game-hours: 216.1
review: This game is OP!
game-hours: 875.9
review: Best game ever :D
game-hours: 1283.8
review: Yes. There was this one game I fondly remember where our team was down 14-1 at the half. I discarded my attire to let my testicles breathe and my pen1s immediately started getting more and more erect, ultimately reaching a phallic state and with each kill 0rgasmic pulsations would run throughout my whole body. I caressed the head of my pen1s and I ejaculated onto my keyboard, looking up to the screen to see that our team, had actually won.
game-hours: 500.0
review: 1.Open crate 2. Get nothing 3. Add funds. 4. repeat 5. Swim in blues.
game-hours: 189.8
review: I recommend this game ONLY on certain parameters. If you're looking for a story, theres none I could find. There's pratically an economy on this game as in people will spend outrageous amounts of actual money on such as gun skins. It has....interesting shooting mechanics to say the least, not your standard shooter, but thats what makes it funner. Like shooting people in the face(ak only)? This is probably the game for you and probably already in your library somewhere.
game-hours: 2911.0
review: If you want to understand why the human race will not survive long term, then look no further than this game. To say the community is toxic is a bit like saying Escobar did ok in the drug business. You will come across cheats, racists, cheats, kids, cheats, and cheats. Before long the hate will rise inside you, work and family will seem less important than ranking up, you will discover that somehow you can curse fluently in Russian, if anybody plays better than you they must be reported for cheating, and you live only for your next knife kill... after which you scream "rekt!!". New players should not be afraid of losing their first few games. You will find the skill tree a little messed up. High ranking players often have alternate accounts so they can dominate lower ranks for fun. If you are a silver or nova then congratulations, you are almost certainly playing more global elites than actual global elites. If you ever make it out of that hellhole things will get easier, trust me. Good luck, and may God have mercy on you noob. 10/10 c*ka blyat.
game-hours: 4.0
review: I don't like a lot of Counter-Strike game but this game is nice. It has some cool "games". It is very funny :D If you like Counter-Strike you should buy it. It is a MUST for all CS-fans If you liked this REVIEW please say yes with a THUMB UP (like) . Thanks 10/10
game-hours: 331.0
review: When People Say This Game Is Bad... I'm Globally Offended. :D
game-hours: 277.9
review: Actually this game is so awesome i love this game ^.^
game-hours: 4.0
review: I don't like a lot of Counter-Strike game but this game is nice. It has some cool "games". It is very funny :D If you like Counter-Strike you should buy it. It is a MUST for all CS-fans If you liked this REVIEW please say yes with a THUMB UP (like) . Thanks 10/10
game-hours: 331.0
review: When People Say This Game Is Bad... I'm Globally Offended. :D
game-hours: 277.9
review: Actually this game is so awesome i love this game ^.^
game-hours: 1144.2
review: WHO ARE THOSE IDIOT 5% WHO DONT LIKE THE GAME?!?! CS GO is the best game in the world! It is so strategy based, unlike other fps games, even though individual skill is needed. And even right when you start, you can play casual which is tons of fun with great people. I don't know why you wouldn't get this game.
game-hours: 2170.6
review: One of the best games of all time. So much achievments,servers,and ranks. Sometimes there's a cheater but hopefully VAC will catch them. There are a multitude of skins,voices,and maps to choose from. Skill is involved. Severs include: Deathmatch,Arms Race,Zombies,Bunny Hop servers and more! You will have a blast playing with friends. Heck even solo is fun! CS:GO honestly,is living up the Counter-Strike legacy. Get this game while it's on sale or full price. Worth it either way!
game-hours: 375.4
review: Not a big gamer - actually I probably don't classify as one at all XD but this is an awesome game with something for everyone. It never fails to entertain - definitely worth the money and I would recommend it to everyone :)
game-hours: 537.1
review: Sometimes you would just rather play with a team of chickens than a team of silver 1s. At least the chickens won't flashbang you. Plus you never have to buy for a chicken, so you can save all your money to buy auto snipers every time. If you get hungry, you can cook them with a molotov and eat them (the silver 1s might complain if you do that, in chat of course because mics are overrated). Best of all, roosters don't have . I'm not sure how that last point was relevant, but I felt like it had to be said. I would rate this game 10 out of 10, but stick to casual if you want to keep your sanity intact. Also avoid spending $200 on a painted knife in a video game. Trust me, it's for the best.
game-hours: 437.9
review: It's like an african having buttsekcs with another African/10
game-hours: 694.5
review: A truly outstanding game by VALVE, which everyone has heard of. The temple and the progenitor of all shooters. Game of childhood. Does one need to say more? The remake was more than successful. All his hopes, he fully justified. Graphics and the gameplay has changed significantly. New weapons and maps, nice paint nostalgic memories. If you're a fan of the series CS, feel free to take this game. Constantly updated workshop stirs interest. The game is still alive. The last of the legendary family 9 chickens out of 10
game-hours: 216.1
review: This game is OP!
game-hours: 1060.7
review: Great game! If you love playing FPS game then this one is something you should have.. Whether you're looking to play casually for fun or want to be competitive ... this game is the one for you.. Great price at $15 and no bs "premium" to unlock 80% of the game.....
game-hours: 1593.6
review: This game has to be one of the BEST FPS games i have EVER played so far! I like the graphics, guns, sounds, and the fact you can customize your loadout for either team and how you can getout there and just kill, get killed, and or steal kills. (BTW, when in the Competitions, be careful for certain people who will ty to make you leave, and or start a vote t kick you for stealing kills.)
game-hours: 391.4
review: You don't need to say. IT'S AMAZING GAME.
game-hours: 101.1
review: All i see is Dust, Dust, Dust, Dust oh hey whats that nuke oh nevermind its more dust oh and i see more over there. 10/10 Would play Dust again
game-hours: 18.1
review: "this isnt cod fagget" "its real life" -Actual in-game chat 10/10 would not cod again
game-hours: 79.0
review: Most expensive Russian class I have ever taken. Putin/10
game-hours: 638.9
review: Fast, strategic, and punishing just like the original. Now with chickens!
game-hours: 2082.1
review: it's okay
game-hours: 183.1
review: Many fun, much rage, such people. Wow.
game-hours: 611.8
review: 2 year birthday update added chickens with party hats. 10/10
game-hours: 640.1
review: 10/10 stars. This game is for you if you are a competitive type of person, but also want to have fun! This game requires skill, and it's not all about shooting your gun. You can play with people with the same ability as you in the competitive gamemode, or choose a variety of other gamemodes from the community! Buy this game if you are interested in fast-paced shooters.
game-hours: 1045.1
review: best game ever
game-hours: 535.2
review: Way too balanced. Needs aim assist to help me feel pro, and the balance is so harsh- the game needs overpowered secondaries, needs pointless deathstreaks, needs OP killstreaks, and most importantly, stop making changes in the new versions of the games, but need to put more polygons. Stop putting in good maps by fans, put in terrible maps that looks like circles. Stop helping the community, make the game pay-to-win and put hats in it. lol If what you pay for is what you get, all the other first person shooters are overpriced. For 15$ you get a legendary game, for 60$ you get more polygons.
game-hours: 45.0
review: CF:GO
game-hours: 256.9
review: If you're good, you're bad. If you're bad, you're bad. If you're new, you're bad. If 5 year vet, you're bad. if 10 year vet, you're bad. If Global Elite, you're bad. If Gold Nova Master, you're bad. If you're alive, you're bad. Your mum joke count: 1,860  jokes: 1,554 Suicide jokes: 2,513 You're bad, no matter what you do. You're JUST bad. It's totally worth it, get it. DON'T FORGET TO CLUTCH, or kick.
game-hours: 303.8
review: Its a good game. with good graphics. the maps looks very good and have a great texture. this game can almost be played on every PC cuz it dont ask a lot of the PC. and haves almost no lagg. The Character models and weapons can maybe get improved a bit cuz they dont look really good in my opinion. if u have a weapon with a skin the weapon looks great. so maybe the Character model can get improved a bit. for the rest its a great game. + points : no lagg. good graphics. nice weapon skins. great maps. - points : the character models
game-hours: 115.7
review: you can shoot chickens. 10/10
game-hours: 373.6
review: Best CS you'll ever play.
game-hours: 426.8
review: CS:GO is one of my favorites and it's one of the best FPS games, the first FPS I ever played was CS 1.6! Just go for the head shots and be patient you will be rewarded. 10/10
game-hours: 816.8
review: Great FPS! The gun skins just make this game 99.732% better
game-hours: 561.5
review: Played with a full russian team 10/10
game-hours: 103.2
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, aka "The Hate Machine", or also known as "Aortic Aneurysm Simulator 2012" is best described as a slow, steady descent into a blind, black-out madness fueled entirely by your desire to see your virtual rank increase. It is guaranteed that at the very least, 60% of your time spent playing this game will be comprised of spectating your 14 year old Russian non-English speaking teammates continually fling themselves into an Auto-Rifle oblivion barrage and blame you in their foul Slavic tongues for their resulting deaths.
game-hours: 437.9
review: It's like an african having buttsekcs with another African/10
game-hours: 694.5
review: A truly outstanding game by VALVE, which everyone has heard of. The temple and the progenitor of all shooters. Game of childhood. Does one need to say more? The remake was more than successful. All his hopes, he fully justified. Graphics and the gameplay has changed significantly. New weapons and maps, nice paint nostalgic memories. If you're a fan of the series CS, feel free to take this game. Constantly updated workshop stirs interest. The game is still alive. The last of the legendary family 9 chickens out of 10
game-hours: 602.0
review: iz gud you can shoot gun
game-hours: 65.4
review: This game ing sucks, all P2W. If you want a game that is free and doesn't cost anything play something like Dota 2 or Skyrim.
game-hours: 335.8
review: Gear up boys because today you will become men. Forget all that call of duty stuff. That will get you killed here! That being said GL and HF. You got a long road ahead of you.
game-hours: 179.2
review: CS:GO is one of the best shooting games i have ever played. It is really fun and i fully recomend it to anyone who wants to buy it.
game-hours: 824.2
review: No level up, no unlock, no limited time items, all skill.
game-hours: 390.7
review: , ?( )  ,            ,       1.6, Source          ,               .       ,         -  ,             (    )                  ,    ,    Source    .     ,    ,  ,        . 7/10.
game-hours: 245.6
review: It was an ordinary day of solo-queueing, and I had been on the winning team in Workout. We were winning 15-0, and the other team didn't even stand a chance. On the last round, we decided to do a knife only. I turned the corner, noticing a Terrorist come out from the other end. I notice a basketball on the ground, and I hit it. It rolls towards him. He hits it back. A CT joins in, and then a T, and another, until the entire server is playing soccer with the basketball. Ts are winning 3-2. We are all good sports, except for one dude. Xban@TIC64, with 2 kills and 3 assists. He gets frustrated. Yells in teamchat. Then the unthinkable happens. He pulls out a Negev. And holds down the trigger. Instantly, the air is fulled with hundreds of bullets. The Ts dive for cover, but it is too late. They fall one by one, running away with their knives out. The game ends. Counter-Terrorists win. Before the scoreboard comes up and people recieve items, someone on my team starts a votekick to kick Xban@TIC64. It goes through with 4 votes. He is kicked. I have top-scored, with 47 kills and 12 assists. Turning around to get a drink of water, I freeze when I hear the sound of me getting a drop. I turn around slowly, getting ready to face my item. I look at the monitor. I have gotten a Galil | Sage Spray.
game-hours: 920.1
review: I remember playing 1.6 back in the days for the first time of my life in a local internet caf, I fell Inlove. After I played Source quite much at my moms sisters husbands (I Know It's a long sentence XD) computer. Ever since that I've spent a lot of hours on source, and now when I discovered Global Offensive about a year or 2 ago I felt inlove again as the first time.
game-hours: 19.7
review: If they would have counted CS:GO towards my World Language credits in High School. I may actually be somewhere in my life right now, instead I'm translating Russian for someone that actually has a future.
game-hours: 230.1
review: good game like all counter strike series for FPS fans :)
game-hours: 1600.1
review: On Counter-Strike: Global Offensive since the announcement lay a huge responsibility. After all, the continuation of the legendary series of online shooters , a fan is a vast community will not tolerate the slag or just serednyachkovoy game. Benefit , Valve and not the studio that dares to disappoint their fans. Two years later, the clockwise and 691 held in opposition to the special forces and terrorists , I can proudly say that CS: GO is really failed. Even more than . Before continuing my review , it is worth noting that the only worthwhile game mode and remains to this day a bomb clearance , ie confrontation 5x5 , 30 rounds of 1 min. 45 sec. , In which the attacker must detonate a bomb at certain points , and protection appropriate to allow this to happen. One of the major advantages is the fact that CS: GO this type of game ( with minor changes ) placed in a separate section of the menu called ' competitive mode ' . Introduced a system of titles that helps you find a match according to your skill. In CS 1.6 and CS: Source competitive mode by default absent and was available only on certain servers , specially tuned for this type of game. The gameplay is not changed . Actually , nothing changed and is not required , a familiar mechanic works on hurray . Fixed characteristics of some weapons , something removed, something added to the overall picture it does not have nearly no effect. Shooting became more random, yes. But perhaps the most realistic FPS in the moment. If multiplayer shooter from you wait not fancy graphics and ballistics believable and interesting gameplay, then welcome to the CS: GO. Valve managed to make an almost perfect balance of gaming devices. With proper skill you can neutralize the enemy with a much more powerful weapon . Pistol rounds in CS: GO is not known to sink without a chance and an opportunity to take the round even with poor economies . But the most important advantage is the ratio of Valve to his fans . Almost every week there is a free upgrade , changing the gameplay for the better, in order to achieve a perfect balance . Approximately every six months out extensive additions cost 5-7 dollars with soccer fans cards that are available in the competitive mode. That's not counting skins for weapons that can get special opening drawers. In addition to all Valve maintains its competitive community , sponsoring tournaments large sums . And I am delighted that the number of people playing CS: GO, is increasing every day . But on the other hand it is the community CS was for me the only problem in this game. Because it often turns into a competitive mode into a farce and mutual humiliation. The only solution - only play with friends. Total we have a great continuation of one of the greatest franchises in history. To purchase required if gaming is important to you the gameplay itself . Best multiplayer shooter at this point, in my opinion. - beardATTACK @ fren
game-hours: 79.0
review: Most expensive Russian class I have ever taken. Putin/10
game-hours: 638.9
review: Fast, strategic, and punishing just like the original. Now with chickens!
game-hours: 2082.1
review: it's okay
game-hours: 1484.2
review: Better than fapping. 10/10 Would recommend
game-hours: 400.6
review: "Childhood Game Remastered.." 10/10
game-hours: 1081.5
review: its a very good game its not a buy to win game its really balanced nice competive mode and other community servers minigames and such its really fun!! 10/10
game-hours: 702.0
review: 19/20 VACS
game-hours: 823.4
review: CS:GO may seem too familiar to those who have played Source. Source felt a bit wishy-washy, with no official modes and servers. CS:GO is not only well-organised but more catering to less experienced players whilst still retaining the essence of what makes counter-strike a proffessional gamer's shooter. New weapons may seem more like reskins but I prefer the simplicity of having no silencers and the properly working stats and decent achievements right from the game's release as oppose to an update 5 years after the game's release or something. Global Offensive's graphics aren't vastly different, but it is certainly the best looking shooter on the Source engine to date, and doesn't look as outdated as it should do for a 2004 game engine. The game seems well balanced, snipers are impressive, the Scout/SSG is no longer terrible and genuinely viable in competitive matches. Blur is added to sniper scopes while moving to balance them too. WWeapons do seem balanced and people use more than just AK, MR, Deagle and AWP. The 4 game modes - Casual Competitive, Classic Competitive, Demolition and Arms Race means there's something for everyone. Sure there's no Capture the Flag but in a game where there's no sprinting, health regen, killstreaks, aim down sights or ability to revive or heal teammates, it's probably for the best. Gun game is finally officially supported, and Demolition simplifies the game by removing the need to buy weapons. I've always wanted to try counter-strike properly but Source was just far too disorganised and had other distractions. Global Offensive brings the classic game into a modern setting without falling into the trap of being a Call of Duty clone. It's still counter-strike, with exactly the same gameplay mechanics as the original, but presented in a more appealing and fun package. It certainly feels more welcoming for newcomers than Source, which is a big plus not only for competitive gaming but for the franchise as a whole. The only thing lacking is Team Deathmatch, however this would require a "Create a Class" which would turn it into CoD. Arms Race fills that spot, and Demolition combines Classic CS with Gun Game. The primary reason why this game is more accomodating is because it was meant to be a port of Source to Xbox LIVE, so obviously some things needed to be changed or added to broaden its appeal. And for the most part, Valve have done a great job. Matchmaking is efficient, bots for offline play are exclellent with decent AI programming rather than the predictably linear Source AI and the package as whole is much more modern as oppose to Source, where it was a case of "too little, too late" when they decided to update it. If you haven't played CS before and want to give it a go, this is the best game. Equally if you are a seasoned Veteran it might make for a refereshing start if you are looking to get back into it.
game-hours: 2527.4
review: Hackers.
game-hours: 67.8
review: play game on bad computer until you are silver 1 get better computer and install game cry because you havent gotten any better win some matches still silver 1 get an ace always silver 1 get laughed at because you are silver 1 10/10 would be silver 1 again
game-hours: 1795.3
review: Destroyed my wallet like a relationship 10/10
game-hours: 585.5
review: This game is hardcore fps at its finest, playing more with your team gets you a bigger chance of winning and is of course more fun!
game-hours: 1001.0
review: Amazing game, Valve have done an amazing job. I used to play 1.6 back in the day-zzz, as well as Source, before quitting for some odd reason that I don't remember. I recently bought CS:GO after seeing how popular it was getting on Steam, and instantly fell in love with it. More realistic gameplay than any other FPS that I've played.
game-hours: 797.4
review: Dear, Guy Who Just Quit League of Legend/ Dota Ok i get it you hated being stuck in your elo because your teammates constantly trolled you or threw your promo games and you wanted something new to play with a better community. I'm sorry to be the one to inform you all those same trolls play this game as well and as an added Gaben in your face this game has Hackers out the . All that aside Counter Strike has been one of the greatest FPS consistently throughout our lifetimes and we cant blame them for humanity, we can call them greedy as the skin system in this game was left to the peoples to decide and some conspiracy theories later we end up with digital skins that are worth more than some peoples cars, and you know Gaben is taking that 10% of all market transactions. But if you can avoid the hackers and mute the trolls it is possible to solo carry yourself out of Silver (This games version of Bronze) and make it to Nova where you should find simi skilled players that can communicate with you to a moderate degree about Dust II, BEFRIEND these noble gentleman as they are crucial to making it out of Nova! After that its all Hackers, GE Smurfs, Semi Pros and Streamers i suggest looking into alternative matchmaking prospects to hon your skills such as ESEA, CEVO or FaceiT. Good luck my friend i hope to see you on the sands of Dust soon may Gaben be with you always! Jove_Gaming
game-hours: 4033.4
review: Awesome, when your not getting cheated.
game-hours: 1234.9
review: It's okay.
game-hours: 376.6
review: Counter Strike: Global Offensive logic. Score: 0-10 "Everybody on the other team must be hacking!" Score: 10-0 "I AM THE LORD OF COUNTER STRIKE" And according to half of the community, they have hade sexual intercourse with my mother multiple times. 10/10
game-hours: 183.1
review: Many fun, much rage, such people. Wow.
game-hours: 611.8
review: 2 year birthday update added chickens with party hats. 10/10
game-hours: 176.9
review: Your most common allys in this game will be the semi-decent 12 year old, the God-like Russin, the crappy noob, and the no-life who's live revolves around this game. I am the noob.
game-hours: 313.5
review: Bought the game, Learned native russian in a week
game-hours: 751.5
review: Very educational. Now I can swear in russian, polish and french language fluently.
game-hours: 614.3
review: such shoot much terrorist wins very recommend
game-hours: 2274.6
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, is probably the most balanced Fps game in all existence. I personally started playing Counter Strike when Source had been out for 2-3 years or so. I've always enjoyed the close quarters strategic combat, and the fact that the game is all skill. The're are no unlockables, the only things you can "earn" by playing are stats, and skins. A pro player will have no statistic advantage over a gamer that's new to the series, other than his skill. +Great Engine +Great Servers +Balanced Gameplay +Smooth Gameplay +Excellently constructed maps +Stays true to the franchise +Cheap -No unlockables (except skins) -InGame purchases with real money 16/03/2014
game-hours: 2605.6
review: FPYTECZGE
game-hours: 1164.9
review: nice game, I advise everyone.
game-hours: 931.5
review: This game ruined my identity, it led me to drive away everyone i've ever loved and made me resent myself. 10/10 Must buy.
game-hours: 114.3
review: Loaded up the game Started a comp game Guy asks for my rank Was kick for not having a rank 10/10 would get kicked again
game-hours: 873.4
review: $180+ spent on this game. 10/10 need to find a new dumpster to live in.
game-hours: 325.2
review: 10/10 best game 2014 - IGN
game-hours: 1249.9
review: It will consume your life.
game-hours: 204.3
review: Very unforgiving towards new players however, after you've done your time, learned the game and mechanics, very few games feel more exciting and rewarding than cs. If you're into competitive games and shooters you need to have this game.
game-hours: 48.6
review: stop hacking
game-hours: 27.1
review: Shoot the Chickens, then all your money will refunds.
game-hours: 645.0
review: Can I have your AWP? No... 10/10 CS:GO is like Call of Duty... If in some alternate demension Call of duty was good. Plus you can literally make hundreds of dollars selling Skins through the marketplace. Buy this if you are in for a tough as nails FPS with no room for  but plenty of room for glory. -Casey
game-hours: 627.9
review: "this game, can get you mad, but it is a great game! i'd reccomend it to all of my friends, and everyone on my friends list. great game, love the textures, guns, etc etc etc.!" Now you see, that thing i wrote up there^ is all a ing lie, this is the worst game ive ever ing played, steam is trash, the game is trash, and if i could get all my money back i spent on the game, and get rid of the game, i ing would, because my internet goes out, and i get a 7 day ban, what kinda  is that gaben? Honestly, i hope gaben drives a 2010 Lamborghini Murcielago off a mother ing cliff, and his car blows up, and he gets eaten by giant mosters from the deep depths of an abyss. I hope that fat ing old harry potter looking  dies, so i can find his grave, i dont care if i have to go across the world, i want to find his grave when he dies, so i can ing sht, all over his grave, and ill make sure my sht is wet as , so it squirts all over his gravestone as well.  this game,  gaben,  everything about this game, or steam.  you.
game-hours: 1229.8
review: Pros : Vodka Cons : Russia
game-hours: 409.5
review: Great masterpiece of Counter Strike with a lot of chicken.
game-hours: 256.2
review: You can kill chickens 11/9 its so good i had to carry over the 1.
game-hours: 293.9
review: Really fun game, Takes skill unlike Call of faglord duty" :D
game-hours: 547.7
review: Why are you reading this review instead of playing this amazing FPS? Play it now, on you go.
game-hours: 161.5
review: In Counter-Strike:GO you play as Tom Clancy's younger brother; Al Clancy. Growing up Tom gave Al a hard time ruffling his hair and calling him names such as "weird Al" Barbara and John Clancy brought up these two whiper snappers in the state of ohio in the USA. They were a middle class family. When Al turned 7 his mum and dad bought him a pair of Night Vision goggles for Christmas. Tom being the the young nipper scallion he was decided it was a good idea to steal these as they were proper flipping oreyt. The sense of achievment Tom got when he stole these glasses was second to none, it didnt take long for tom to get addicted to ruining christmas. (fun fact, the grinch is loosely based on this story.) As they grew older it became clear that all tom and his football friends wanted to do was ruin christmas, They called themselves Christerrorists. This new movement led to the boys seeing a darker side of themselves, they began finding care packages santa had dropped for deprived children and strapping C4 on them. The ultimate way to ruin Christmas. Al was enraged when he became aware of this, he did the only thing a right wing father of 3 christmas loving American could do in this situation... Bought a metric sh**t tonne of guns and grenades. He began handing these out to friends and neighboors on his cul de sac. They soon became The Count Christerroists. The game is purely story mode. With this special addition you play as both Christerroists and Counter Christerrorists, in a sort of heads to head. (!!!!!!!!spoilers the story gets a little confusing as it is mainly about how many quick scopes you can do with the AWP and standing at Mid With bomb while your team clear a plant site and then losing the game) I dont want to give too much away so I will leave this review here, I hope you found it helpful. I would rate this game a 7/10 it could get a 9 but due to it being a christmas game I can only play around the festive time of year otherwise it seems a little silly. Like when you here Fairy Tale of new york by the pogues in august. It just doesnt feel right.
game-hours: 2212.2
review: CSGO is a near-perfect multiplayer shooter. Unlike the previous versions, which were often difficult to get in to, this one offers a variety of modes that will appeal to all skill levels. It has a large community and a well supported workshop, ensuring that this discount-priced game will be around for years to come. In short, you either play as the good or bad guys and must either kill the other team or complete objectives to win the round, which will earn you more money to do the same thing again but faster. It's been around for years and has spawned many imitators. The game isn't much of a looker as it is based on the same engine as the original Half Life 2 was. However, Valve have polished it as much as they can and the community consists of lots of awesome mappers who have been churning out brilliantly imaginative and beautiful maps almost on a daily basis. Is it worth getting if you already own Counter Strike: Source? Yes. CSS was always Counter Strike shoe-horned into the Source engine. CSGO feels far more like a standalone game. Valve have very carefully listened to what people have wanted and have made a very appealing game. The best feature must be the competitive play. You cannot leave these matches or you'll suffer a temporary ban from the feature. After 10 wins in this mode you'll be ranked and will be paired up with people of the same skill, meaning that the game is challenging but fair regardless of your skill level. These matches are exciting, occasionally scary or frustrating, but are the most rewarding part of the game and improving your rank is one of the most satisfying experiences in any video game, ever.
game-hours: 363.3
review: Game is good, fun, etc. Rank system doesn't work. Call of duty haven't rank system and is more balanced than counter- strike! Smurfers everywhere.
game-hours: 610.6
review: Perfect to learn the russian language and all its insults!
game-hours: 502.4
review: Get so frustrated with hackers and smurfs in matchmaking that you yourself resort to smurfing, only adding to the problem. Enjoy.
game-hours: 1206.2
review: I think if this game wasnt so skin sided i think id be able to look at my shoes in the game more than look at my knife, 10/10 would buy 1k knife skins again.
game-hours: 616.1
review: Amazing game, Never knew so many kids had ed my mother nor' did I realise I'd get full marks on my Russian exam. GG lads.
game-hours: 328.5
review: Help prevent/aid a bomb exploding in a clear location with no civillians to no real purpose or damage. Good game.
game-hours: 705.9
review: You can learn Polish and Russian in this game. 10/10
game-hours: 242.4
review: if u aint playin dis game u aint a playa
game-hours: 1199.4
review: How to win a round : AWP and about half a year later since I made this review I noticed that I said all you need is an AWP, but it is much more complex than that. Take the time to learn how to play the game, and you will be just fine in normal matchmaking. Once you get good enough you should start playing ESEA, if you are willing to dedicate that much time and effort into CS:GO.
game-hours: 15.9
review: theres a point in every princesses life where they say what the  is wrong with my life why am i playing ing cs go like a
game-hours: 165.4
review: How to Clutch: Be Silver P90 ???? hacker reported to overwatch im global elite i pwned get_right yesterday xDDDdddDdd end my life v fun game.
game-hours: 1.9
review: I haven't played it yet. 10/10
game-hours: 2251.8
review: good game
game-hours: 1437.0
review: Ruined my life.
game-hours: 360.1
review: Before I start, I will admit, even if I once was a hardcore first person shooter player, I kind of got tired of them over the years. I had Counter Strike Source and Day of Defeat Source, but I pretty much only wanted them for Garry's Mod. The last CS I played for hours and hours was the 1.6 version of the original, and that was over 10 years ago. Now, after these Summer Sales, I saw CS:GO at 5. Looking at other "mainstream serious FPS" these days, like CoD and Battlefield, that usually go arround the 60-70, not counting the load of DLC's, it seems like the best deal ever! It actually is? The awnser is, yes. Oh man, I do still suck a bit at these games after playing nothing but TF2 for when it comes to FPS games, but I still had fun like the old days. The game is done to perfection. Guns work as intended, no stupid recoil like the recoil you see in other  FPS games, here it looks realistic, and it feels good. The maps are good as well, feel just like the originals, while the new ones add originality, and the ones made by the community are always amazing. The gameplay is smooth. Right now I'm using a  PC, since my old one kind of blew up (it probably could not handle my afro), and this piece of crap runs the game without that much issues on low-mid settings, while games like CoD Ghost or Hardline always bring dumb problems because of horrible optimization. I have like 30 hours so far with this game, and I bought it on the Summer Sales, that ended like a week or two ago. I have been in normal servers, filled with both new and old players, I have tried bots, and I have played 10 matchmaking games so far, and without counting the MM match where I ended with a bunch of Russian s who did nothing but to yell crap on their microphone, blame me, and then ragequit, I had nothing but fun. And that's another thing, the community is amazing. Some people might stay silent most of the time, but they won't get THAT mad, unless you really screw up something, or act 100%  (like dropping your gun at the start of the round, buying nothing, going 1 vs 5 with your knife, and then say that this game is a bad ripoff of Call of Duty. I have found one dude like that, and I think he was not trolling, but totally serious). And well, I did  up at times on my first matches, I wasn't used to the new buy menus, the changes of the maps, the new models, I find of teamkilled 2 friends so far, but they where not mad. Probably because they where new too, at some point, and know how it sucks to be THAT guy. The sale is over, and it doesn't cost 5 anymore. Still, the full price is like 12 or so, and if you really like competitive and serious multiplayer FPS action, this is your game, doesn't matter if you're a filthy casual, a nooblord, or the classic "MLG" that will probably kill the other team in 30 seconds with 5 bullets, all headshots. Oh, and while the weapons feel balanced, I got to say that the shotguns are really underrated. Further more, I f#cking love them. It might be because I'm an old-school Unreal Tournament player (I have been in tournaments, and ), and my favorite weapons from that game was the Flak Cannon, but I find it fairly easy to kill scrubs who tryhard with M4's and AK's with 1 or 2 shoots to the face, while they crouch and spray their bullets all over Mordor. Give them a try if you're new, you won't regret it. If you don't believe it, look at the screenshoot below, at the end. I played nothing but classic pistol rounds and Nova the whole game, and I ended up with 43-18, being the MVP of the match. And I'm not that good, you can probably do it way better than me! Besides, killing 1 player with the Nova gives like 900$, while weapons like the AWP (best Sniper Rifle) only give 100$. What's not to like? And if in the end you find the game boring, just idle on servers. With time, you will get drops and items that you can easily sell in the market. With some time, you will get your money back. I have gotten 2 so far, just with the new crates, so...
game-hours: 246.1
review: Its good but not as good as source.
game-hours: 829.4
review: 64 tick servers. Trolling silver 4 players. Hackers everywhere. Best game N.A
game-hours: 548.3
review: Welcome to CSGO! Let me present you the players you will be matched with 90% of the time: Your Team: 1. You (Only one that has mic on team) 2. Cyk4 Bly47 (He is deranking to Silver 1) 3.   (He doesn't even speak english) 4. garry.2003 (Has 6 hours in CSGO) 5. MLGN0scOP3.R3K7 #Turning8Today (He's not joking) Enemy Team: 1. KennyS #AWPGOD (He actually sucks with the awp but since your team is absolute  he will get 4ks most of the time) 2.  . net (He's an obvious cheater) 3. k (He's getting boosted) 4. ez game ez life (He will spam "GET REKT SKRUBZ", "EASY" and "ALLAH AKBAR" all game even tho he only has 4 kills and 19 deaths) 5. smurferino (SMFC tryhard smurf)
game-hours: 904.4
review: Not bad
game-hours: 636.4
review: don't open cases.
game-hours: 209.1
review: ? .       . 1.    ,     .   . 2. AK 47  M4A1-S   ,  . 3.             ,       .       "# ".    20/10       )
game-hours: 593.6
review: Best cancer simulator available.
game-hours: 318.5
review: If you're going to buy this game, get a mic. I r8 8/8 m8
game-hours: 335.6
review: Round Start, get stabbed by random teammate in the back and lose 30 or more HP. Great game though!
game-hours: 239.6
review: Great sequel for a great game, Counter-Strike: Source. Smooth gameplay with twisting battles in amazing graphics. What else can you want from a fps game?
game-hours: 701.8
review: "If it ain't broke, don't fix it" said Gaben and scratched his muscular
game-hours: 2023.8
review: Counter Strike: Global Offensive is probably one of the best FPS games I have ever played. Not only are the graphics of the old maps polished but also the combat. There is a great range of playing style to suit you, such as rushing in with an SMG or sitting at the back with an AWP, which accommodate you to your best ability. This is an extremely hardcore, skill-based first-person shooter, and it forces you to think differently than other modern shooters. If youre a Call of Duty player, youre going to need to change your play style to succeed here. Another good part of this game is that the teams are small, guns are lethal, and rounds are short so there's an addictive just-one-more-round quality to it, because there's a constant desire to do better than last time, to earn a satisfying kill, or to win in a new way. If you are interested in a both challenging and exhilarating FPS then I recommend you buy Counter Strike: Global Offensive 9.5/10.
game-hours: 1396.9
review: Great game to play with and make friends. Many friendly members of the community, fun times.
game-hours: 846.5
review: very good gameplay, the tactical gameplay is so engaging and the meta game makes my brain pump! the graphics are nice to look at, the sound design is amazing, and the game balance is top notch. not a cod clone -59234/10
game-hours: 242.0
review: This game is super amazing. Just be careful when playing with Rising, he ain't no hit  and m1k is super high mexican gringo. Oh, did I forget about Fertaus? Ya, Fertaus! He always underestimates my baby. But my baby is amazing. I am P90 hero. All hail P90 hero!
game-hours: 2828.5
review: a
game-hours: 307.5
review: Whether you are a Counter Strike Legend or a typical new FPS player looking for a fun shooter, everyone should enjoy Counter Strike: Global Offensive. CS:GO is simply an updated, modern game on the Counter Strike series, with outstanding graphics, a variety of weapons, a list of game modes and amazing competitive aspects. This game proves who are the good Counter Strike players, and who are the best. CS:GO, of course, runs on the source engine, giving a smoother experience among lower end CPUs, highly benefiting more Counter Strike players coming from "1.6" or "Source". Counter Strike: Global Offensive is a very solid game which can either be enjoyed casually, or competitively. My reccommendation of this game is very high, as Counter Strike is simply....the best FPS on PC, no doubt.
game-hours: 555.9
review: I'm a bit of a CS Veteran, playing since the olden days of Counter Strike: Big Red One, so when I tell you this game is good, do not believe me because I have no Idea what I'm talking about. On a serious note, Bungie Studios has created one of the finest games of this generation, sword fighing is one of the greatest additions to this series and I cannot imagine any game without it. Is it a must buy? Yes. Should you buy it? Maybe Swag? Yes
game-hours: 1292.1
review: The more you play it, the more you will love it.
game-hours: 649.9
review: Counter-Strike Global Offensive brings almost everything that CS 1.6 brought when it came out.Classic CS maps,weapons, better sound quality, better graphics and more came together to re-create the Counter-Strike 1.6 atmosphere.For me this game is good and is the best CS game played untill now by me...I need to be honest and say that I'm not a huge fan of the series but this one is really good!The high frequency of updates and why not cammos and in-game items will give a long life to this game just like Team Fortress 2.
game-hours: 158.9
review: good game
game-hours: 660.9
review: ONE OF MY FAV GAME :)
game-hours: 1910.1
review: best game ever !!!
game-hours: 344.7
review: Play With Us!
game-hours: 739.9
review: game must buy
game-hours: 621.4
review: Good game
game-hours: 682.2
review: 10/10 Like skyrim with guns. ~1gn
game-hours: 68.1
review: if you hate yourself, have girlfriend problems, can't decide between which hoe, this  is your bomb den. -From a black man.
game-hours: 197.8
review: Quoted the "OK! Let's Go!" prolog that started every single round that all shooter fans from the 90s are familiar with. CS:GO is the latest edition to the one of the most well known and played shooter game through out the history of the world - the Counter-Strike franchise. And just like the Counter-Strike back then more than a decade ago was never about fancy features, stunning graphic, or special effects. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is about the good old classic gameplay but revamped, polished and improved such as gameplay balances, animation, interface, presentation, audios and visuals, then powered by the modern systems and technologies to keep this franchise up-tp-date with the flow of time. However, CS:GO is not Counter-Strike 2 or the Counter-Strike: Source that merely replaced the engine and optimized a bit on top of it, but a better, newer and more advanced edition to the series which can shine its veteran brand that was left untouched in the last 13 years. I recommend this game to those newcomers who wonder how the shooter game back then was played and interested to give it a try as well as a definite must buy to the old players who have been playing shooters before the terms like "ADS, or Aiming Down the Sight, which also known as Iron Sighting" was invented. Q1: What can I expect as a player who never played a shooter without aiming simulation before? A1: You'll notice dropping an opponent is no longer as simple as counting one to two, meaning right click to aim and left click to pull the trigger. You'll also need to hone not only your aiming skills, but also how you fire your weapon, especially the timing in order to synergize the hitting pattern of your weapon on to your target. In simple words, things just got more difficult in a somewhat inhuman way. Q2: What else? A2-1: Counter-Strike has a lot of depths in how you move, how you aim, how you fire your weapon and even how you approach the position you have in mind after a new round started, and that's not the end of it. A2-2: It uses dedlicate server, server browser, and match-making. It focuses in a delicate scale of combat where players will play the game through a 5v5 scale by standard default. Custom scales ranging from 8v8 to 16v16 is supported depending on the actual server-side setting of the server you were connected into. A2-3: Given that there is hardly a cheap easy kill for players, there is no health regen, and it took quite some study and patience to get things started - Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a renewal of a classic way of how players used to play shooter games, a harsh (or perhaps just like I said, inhuman) shooter game by today's standard for average players. Sum: If you neither a old timer or a newcomer who really interested in the old, classic, proven way to play a shooter game, then there won't be any particular reason I should recommend you to get this game with the only exception being you're sicked and tired how easy today's shooter games are like.
game-hours: 1098.1
review: im never leaving this game....!!!! :D
game-hours: 376.2
review: the true successor to the original game that i dropped a decade into.. washes out the rotten taste that CSS left in my mouth.. i love the fresh look, the refreshing registry, and the fact that some of the classic sounds have returned. i can allow the few changes theyve done.. now just gimme more maps and a few buddies so i can start scrimming again
game-hours: 1418.4
review: this game is awesome! must play
game-hours: 1331.0
review: Ready to play a REAL FPS? This isn't you run of the mill kiddie 360xXNoScopeXxQuickscope dropshot game, your skill doesn't depend on scopes or grips, heartbeat sensors or noob tubes, this game is all about gaining personal skill. Your improvement and developement as a player will depend on your willingness to learn and devote time to learning "strats" to improve your gameplay as a team, or as a solo player. You will practice smokes and flash grenade spots for hours to use in competitive matches, sit in aim maps and perfect your reactions and headshots. Just because someone happens to get a lucky headshot on you, or is steamrolling you in competitive doesn't make them a hacker, they are simply out-playing you, and you need to adapt to that. You will need to be able to read your enemies movements, placement, and gameplay to continue to dominate in competitive, and this all comes with practice and time playing. You're not going to jump into this game playing like a pro, you will start from the bottom just how everyone else has, and work your way up as you develop a better feel for the game as a whole. 10/10 r.i.p. social life
game-hours: 28.6
review: dis gam is bad because it is a rip off of counter strike ource it haz all a dah same gamplay and all a dah same maps it is bad and i highly recomend not gettin diz cause id iz juzd made buy valv ant whadeveah valv makes isbad. SOGET A JIGGY WITH CAUSE U DOND KNO WUTS GONNA HPPEN 3MARROW AND U DOND KNO IF 2DAY WILL BE UR LAST SO DOND WAST UR TIM PLAYIN A GAM THAT WILL JUST WAST UR LAST DAY OF LIFE IN CASE IT IS ACTUALLY UR LAST DAY OF LIFE AND DO SOMTHUNG THAT IS ACTUALLY WORTWHILE LIK SHYDIVIVEN ER GOIN 2 DAH BEAD=CH ER HANGGIN OUT WITH UR FREINDS CAUSE IN THE END THAT IS ALL DAT REALLY MATTERS IN THE END. (SRRY FER DAH CAPS) I DONT KNOW WHERE THE CAPS LOCKS BUTTON IS ON MY COMP
game-hours: 301.5
review: Buy this game.... DO IT!
game-hours: 1366.9
review: I remember like it was yesterday, I playing the first counter strike in 2000. Since then, becomes one of the games I played the most in my life! Versions like 1.5 and 1.6 are perfect for me! Over time it seemed that Valve is lost! Until I got the surprise launch of the Global Ofenssive. Counter Strike GO, legend of the FPS back! This game is amazing!
game-hours: 1088.7
review: pew pew pew-gabe newell 2mlg4me pew pew is really brutal :( much blood wow many guns :( such war wow pew pew much review choo choo
game-hours: 1331.0
review: Ready to play a REAL FPS? This isn't you run of the mill kiddie 360xXNoScopeXxQuickscope dropshot game, your skill doesn't depend on scopes or grips, heartbeat sensors or noob tubes, this game is all about gaining personal skill. Your improvement and developement as a player will depend on your willingness to learn and devote time to learning "strats" to improve your gameplay as a team, or as a solo player. You will practice smokes and flash grenade spots for hours to use in competitive matches, sit in aim maps and perfect your reactions and headshots. Just because someone happens to get a lucky headshot on you, or is steamrolling you in competitive doesn't make them a hacker, they are simply out-playing you, and you need to adapt to that. You will need to be able to read your enemies movements, placement, and gameplay to continue to dominate in competitive, and this all comes with practice and time playing. You're not going to jump into this game playing like a pro, you will start from the bottom just how everyone else has, and work your way up as you develop a better feel for the game as a whole. 10/10 r.i.p. social life
game-hours: 376.2
review: the true successor to the original game that i dropped a decade into.. washes out the rotten taste that CSS left in my mouth.. i love the fresh look, the refreshing registry, and the fact that some of the classic sounds have returned. i can allow the few changes theyve done.. now just gimme more maps and a few buddies so i can start scrimming again
game-hours: 28.6
review: dis gam is bad because it is a rip off of counter strike ource it haz all a dah same gamplay and all a dah same maps it is bad and i highly recomend not gettin diz cause id iz juzd made buy valv ant whadeveah valv makes isbad. SOGET A JIGGY WITH CAUSE U DOND KNO WUTS GONNA HPPEN 3MARROW AND U DOND KNO IF 2DAY WILL BE UR LAST SO DOND WAST UR TIM PLAYIN A GAM THAT WILL JUST WAST UR LAST DAY OF LIFE IN CASE IT IS ACTUALLY UR LAST DAY OF LIFE AND DO SOMTHUNG THAT IS ACTUALLY WORTWHILE LIK SHYDIVIVEN ER GOIN 2 DAH BEAD=CH ER HANGGIN OUT WITH UR FREINDS CAUSE IN THE END THAT IS ALL DAT REALLY MATTERS IN THE END. (SRRY FER DAH CAPS) I DONT KNOW WHERE THE CAPS LOCKS BUTTON IS ON MY COMP
game-hours: 301.5
review: Buy this game.... DO IT!
game-hours: 1366.9
review: I remember like it was yesterday, I playing the first counter strike in 2000. Since then, becomes one of the games I played the most in my life! Versions like 1.5 and 1.6 are perfect for me! Over time it seemed that Valve is lost! Until I got the surprise launch of the Global Ofenssive. Counter Strike GO, legend of the FPS back! This game is amazing!
game-hours: 1088.7
review: pew pew pew-gabe newell 2mlg4me pew pew is really brutal :( much blood wow many guns :( such war wow pew pew much review choo choo
game-hours: 553.0
review: GET READY FOR SOME FOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOBBBBBBBBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 344.7
review: Play With Us!
game-hours: 739.9
review: game must buy
game-hours: 307.5
review: Whether you are a Counter Strike Legend or a typical new FPS player looking for a fun shooter, everyone should enjoy Counter Strike: Global Offensive. CS:GO is simply an updated, modern game on the Counter Strike series, with outstanding graphics, a variety of weapons, a list of game modes and amazing competitive aspects. This game proves who are the good Counter Strike players, and who are the best. CS:GO, of course, runs on the source engine, giving a smoother experience among lower end CPUs, highly benefiting more Counter Strike players coming from "1.6" or "Source". Counter Strike: Global Offensive is a very solid game which can either be enjoyed casually, or competitively. My reccommendation of this game is very high, as Counter Strike is simply....the best FPS on PC, no doubt.
game-hours: 53.2
review: Killed a guy with Flashbang . (10/10)
game-hours: 682.2
review: 10/10 Like skyrim with guns. ~1gn
game-hours: 239.6
review: Great sequel for a great game, Counter-Strike: Source. Smooth gameplay with twisting battles in amazing graphics. What else can you want from a fps game?
game-hours: 1160.3
review: Gun Camo Simulator 2014
game-hours: 1392.9
review: yeah its ok
game-hours: 1418.4
review: this game is awesome! must play
game-hours: 567.2
review: We're talking about the absolute TITAN in classic competitive first person shooters. The FATHER of addictive multiplayer combat set in a contemporary universe. Before Call of Duty. Before Battlefield. Before anything else that hefts up an AK-47 and and pulls back the charging handle... This did it first. And in many ways, it still does it best. I've met incredible people here. Some of the best friends of my life are actually from this. I've had incredible moments in this game. I've had laughter, moments of triumph, situations to overcome, comradery that I cannot even begin to describe, and a feeling of satisfaction that nothing else for $14.99 can come close to. (Short of a roadside BJ from your locals finest.) Nothing compares to the sharp, precise aim, the satisfying and punchy weapon bob... The sexy, sharpened and modernized gun models, crisp anti-aliased graphics running on a mature and tight version of Source... And the fact that this entirely new looking package is wrapped around the SAME hardcore game that 1.6 popularized way-back when, albeit with a few tweaks between all of the versions, means that it has a whole other layer that Battlefield, and Call of Duty can NEVER touch. "What is that 'layer' you speak of" you say? Many things, and the fact that I can SEE this clearly without ever stepping into the beating heart of CS:GO - competetive [At the time of this posting finally with no text limit, I have finally played 5 rounds of comp. 3 wins! It is a whole other amazing side to the game] is an achievement regarding the message this game wants to send its playerbase. - It's all about the community. It's all about a skill that needs to be HONED, not unlocked. It's about playing for HOURS and perfecting that single shot down that hallway. It's a game that stands perfectly on its own as a shooter, but manages to weave the MLG aspect into it seamlessly, without, in MY opinion... Dividing its playerbase. It's all there, all the time. A feeling of professionalism can wash over ANYONE in this game at least ONCE in their time with it. I can NOT say that about Source, or 1.6. Those were daunting, trudging beasts... Leviathans that I feel newcomers could not make headway in if they just wanted to have some fun and see what all the fuss is about. With the slight exception of Source. My time with that title was a mixed bag. Its graphics felt disjointed, and decidedly a mod, which is perfectly acceptable (duh)... But its shooting seemed almost RANDOM... And many 1.6 purists will say similar regarding not being able to enjoy the ballistics. The fact is that Counter Strike is often all about the MLG nowadays. And yet this entry in the franchise can stand on its own as a FUN game to just mess around in without feeling the pressure.... It is something to truly behold for ANY PC gamer. Being able to enjoy the hardcore without BEING hardcore is a treat. As you get better, the progression of your skill as a gamer feels tangible. You do NOT need unlocks, and idiotic modifiers to your gear to feel like you are getting anywhere. NOTHING gets in the way of your skill. No unlocks, no killstreaks, no aiming down sights... It's just you, your gun, your knife, and your ability to  UP the opposition. NOTHING else. It is such a worthy game that within a year of its release I'd been able to put over 350 hours into it, and I feel like more time could have been spent within its corridors, its rooftops, backrooms, and its long, stressful hallways. The feeling of PERSONAL progression and satisfaction I felt made me say left and right that I wished they'd add some kind of personalization, and a smart system that makes you MORE addicted. Not hats, just some way to make you give back to yourself in a meaningful way. A customization and unlock system for vanity gear would be fantastic, a new horizon for the game. It makes the game feel timeless, and without need of many other entries for some time, just updates for polish. And? Valve always listens. It's not PERFECT, but the skins add a new breath of air to the game. Even if you're not good, you're still the snob with that purple tier weapon, and everyone hates you. And they should. It's ok to hate on it just as much as it's ok to use these new pieces of bling. Everyone is doing it. And to speak of content? Valve games main strength has always been community based content that keeps your game living and breathing. Never slipping into the pile of "used up." There's always more to play with.... And now with the integrated workshop, and official server support for TOP map creations...(if you donate to both Valve and the makers, a hugely smart way for Valve to make money in a less greedy way than map packs). You can be assured that CS:GO has a lot more than just the addicting gameplay, community, the entertaining MLG scene, and most importantly self growth to keep you coming back thanks to these additions. The Arms Deal Update has its hand on your wallet, but through means of community driven sales, not just ones from the company... And NONE of it EVER affects your skill... Unless that purple SSG 552 fills you with divine rage that you just can't help but get headshot fever. you can make some decent digital goods money, and so can everyone else. I so no issue regarding this update, and thankfully after some weeks of growing pains, it seems everyone is on the same page. Intense firefights. Room for skill growth. The ABILITY (good luck) to have incredible social interactions.. Hilarious conversations. Things that I'll never forget. Especially thanks to the people I'd managed to call my best friends from this. Those are all the luck of the draw. But when you buy this game, one thing is for sure- You're buying a piece of gaming history with the freshest breath of fresh air I've ever seen. And it is a triumph.
game-hours: 889.2
review: You spend more money on weapon skins than the game itself to impress people you hate. Chickens Explode if you knife them 9/11
game-hours: 700.2
review: Cheating-Skins-Getderanked-Overpopulatedwithchildren- CS:GO Buy it.
game-hours: 321.8
review: Syka  Blyat Putin Balalaika 10/10 Best game ever
game-hours: 1079.4
review: Best P90 Simulator
game-hours: 1693.2
review: Really great game to play with friends. Would reccomend it to almost anyone, although it's a hard game to just pick up and play. Practice makes perfect. I also reccomend that you use a custom crosshair and watch some tutorials on recoil control etc.
game-hours: 368.0
review: Huntsman knife: $100 Darker Huntsman Knife: $4000 ??????????????????? Profit.
game-hours: 756.5
review: CS:GO is different to most FPS games i've played. It's got 2 teams, both have an objective, and the teams have weapons that balance out according to the objective. Most of the core competitive maps balance out the weapons and objectives even more, and they're also aesthetically pleasing. CS:GO should appeal to all skill levels, with it's competitive ranking system you're almost guarenteed to find a balanced game with people your skill level when you play in matchmaking. Overall, i'd probably give CS:GO a 9.5/10, it could use some more balancing between the M4A4 and M4A1, but other than that it's perfect for an FPS of this day and age.
game-hours: 2178.0
review: CS:GO is arguably one of the best first person shooters (FPS) currently available. And short story, it's more then worth for the price. Now long story though, there is a lot more to it. First, if you are new to CS series, before you go for it, prepare to die a lot. In this game, fast reflexes and good aim wins the game, and that is something you get only with time, so be persistent, and more you play it, more fun you will have. On the brighter side, weapons are greatly balanced, unlike any other FPS, so no matter what team you pick, you can be sure that your opponents have no adventage over you in that matter. Now there are several mods, and I strongly recommend not to go into competitive unless you are sure you know what you are doing. Reason for this is because your team will offten expect more then what you can give. That will probably result in some insults via chat messages. Also you may get voted off (kicked) out of the game, that further might result in competitive cooldown. So for first time, you probably want to try so called "Arms Race" mod, where you will get your chance to test most of the weapons, and figure how they respond. Also you can move on to some "Deathmatch" for aim improving and of course some "Classic Casual" and "Community Competitive" before you jump on to real thing. Also be aware, as there is people who simply don't like losing the game. They will always find an excuse, and that may be "poor 64 tick server preformanse", or "having cheaters in opposing team" and as you become good, they will probably accuse you as well. For those kind of people there is no help. Actually when I think about it twice, whoever seem to bother you, you can completely mute him, and continue your super-awesome game. For the actuall cheaters, you may hear there is tons of them, but again, read section above. Unfortunatelly there is some here and there (for what I have played I met only few) but they get sorted out by quite unique system called "Overwatch". For the overwatch I won't go into details, but very good players get to decide who is cheating and who's not. In tons of cases they get false reports, again because of people can't stand a loss! (: Bottom line of the review: Get the game, it's among the best currently available, and you will have tons of fun with it!
game-hours: 1035.8
review: The best fps game around 12/10
game-hours: 82.7
review: SAME  DIFFRENT NAME. 10/10 #rehash
game-hours: 1645.1
review: A Review Mostly for me so I know Ive completed the story, high game time as well as feedback on the game. My Thoughts:- A team based FPS CT Vs T can be fun with a bunch of friends and the competitive mode is good fun, with weapon skins and team colours as well as a few good modes to pick from like death match, arms race, casual and some more. Achievements:- 156 of 167 (93%) Achievement Graphics:- An improvement on the last Counter Strike: Source game but nothing too special. Game Play:- Team Based type game where you have to rescue hostages or defuse a bomb. The aiming can take some time to get used to as when you go full auto with weapons you have to follow the bullets and not the crosshair. Story:- N/A Replayability:- Can become addictive if you play with friends or competitive What Could Be Added:- Different player skins/ colours Rating:- 9/10
game-hours: 1114.3
review: After 250 hours of intense gameplay I learned the meaning of life. I play Counter-Strike: Global Offensive every day. I have not gone a day without Counter-Strike since I first bought it on the Steam store. However I do not like the gameplay of Counter-Strike in any way at all. The game itself is complete trash and was probably developed by the same people who made the first tentacle gang bang video but there is a golden egg among the pile of crap this game is. The chickens. I follow them with my default knife around Inferno, recording their every step with NVIDIA Shadowplay (batteries not included) and counting each individual chicken I spot and add it to THE LIST. The chickens are pretty, simple and flawless. They do not make my frame rate go down (I run CS:GO on the potato from Portal 2) unlike Skyrim's chickens and they explode if they are killed. I have only seen one chicken ever explode and that was in a competetive game in which xKittenfall, my rival, on the terrorist's team slaughtered one in front of my eyes with his Karambit Fade knife. I now suffer from Post Traumatic Stress Disorder and kill anyone who comes near my chickens. They are only for me. Do not harm my chickens. Anyone who even bats an eye at one of my precious birds will take an AWP headshot to the foot- be it friend or foe. I fear for the safety of these chickens. They are why I live. I was created by the Chicken God in order to protect the godlike chickens. Chickens are the meaning of life and if you attempt to argue with me I will shoot you until you're dead. Right in the foot. With a Glock-18 (ultra overpowered TBH). Do not mess with my chickens. And if you come across me in a session... Oh wait, you won't, because I swore off multiplayer after people killed the chickens. I only play in Bot Only sessions by myself and kick the bots, following the chickens around and hoping they do something new. I have studied the chickens so well I have memorized all of their spawnpoints on Inferno. There are 14 that spawn on the map and I am obsessed with them. Stay away from my chickens. (PART 2- THE 800 HOUR BENCHMARK) I whip around the corner and 1 tap flusha. The crowd goes wild with excitement. I just won the ESEA tournament for my new team Symbiotic. Confetti falls around me and LED lights illuminate the entire gaming stadium. I won one million dollars for the squad. I began screaming as my team carried me out of the stadium back to the gaming house. When night came I began to work on Source SDK, my life's new legacy. For a month I had been working on an ingame dream home that was secluded from the world and had no guns. It had a back yard exclusive to chickens and a statue in the living room dedicated to chickens. I smiled as I looked over the entire map and began adding more props and chickens to make the house more lively. I looked at each individual chicken to make sure t were on point and ready to be presented in the map. When I finally upload the map on the workshop people will be able to view my amazing home. It is on and island in the middle of the ocean with a home on it. The chickens are safe from all harms in the entire world. The map consists of three skyboxes; The house & island, compiling skybox & the easter egg skybox which can be teleported to through a secret trigger_teleport. In the secret skybox is a race track dedicated to bringing back func_vehicle 2012. Valve did not include func_vehicle (from Source) in CSGO and it angered many mapmakers. They could not make drivable cars in our beloved Counter-Strike? What a scumbag move. We need to bring back func_vehicle to the Counter-Strike series in order to improve our community as a whole. Can we do this? I love chickens and balance the life between competetive gameplay and chicken worshipping on a secluded island. Thank you for considering The Message by Nas.
game-hours: 1000.5
review: A Game That let you Wear Mask as Counter-Terrorist To Prevent Spreading Ebola From Terrorist's. 10/10 Would Play Again.
game-hours: 866.8
review: Game is really fun and has a massive skill gap, the ranking system works and makes sense, except.... It is way to heavily reliant on teammates aswell as there are a lot of a abusers of the system, we like to call them "smurfs" Also hackers rule this game so there are alot of hackusations around but overall it can be very enjoyable. Good if you play with a good team of friends.
game-hours: 496.2
review: Join T side. -We do a silent attempt. -Fail -We brought flashes and smoke -Useless - it and rush B with P90 -Terrorists wins 10/10 would  it again
game-hours: 53.2
review: Killed a guy with Flashbang . (10/10)
game-hours: 284.3
review: Basically its Counter-Strike. If you dont know what Counter-Strike is and know Battlefield you are safe but if you only know Call of Duty you are not safe. Ok lets get into my personal review about this game: Basically its still Counter-Strike with added features that makes the game more fun to play with. They added skins which you can make money off it or to show to your friends. The one thing I like about CS:GO is their matchmaking system.It groups you into your respective skill group to play against the same ranked people you are in. Beware of Smurfers tho there are alot lately but I find it fun battling smurfers since I can have a little view or insight about how high rankers play. OK about the skins, its not call of duty but its optional. But hey you can make money off it since you can get case drops, skin drops, etc. For the game itself, its still counter-strike. Thats all I can say basically, its still CS with added features and such to make the game more enjoyable than the previous ones. If you get hooked up with the skins you will last a few hundreds of hours, yes, hundreds of hours since I already done this on my first account and I really enjoy doing what I like to do with skins. There may be hackers and such in matchmaking or any other gamemode but all I do is just basically report them and just ignore them throughout the match even if its 100% lose for us. Anyways for me this is the best version of Counter-Strike I ever played since 1.6 which is I played it on another computer :p. Pick this up for 15 bucks or 419 Philippine pesos or whatever price your currency puts it to since its an awesome, enjoyable competitive game and it lasts AGES. Heck 1.6 even has a few hundreds - thousands of players playing it and about this around more than that. Pick it up its a nice First Person Shooter and I will recommend this to ANY kind of person, either casual players or competitive players. I would rate it around 9 - 9.5/10
game-hours: 228.1
review: gameplay : 11/10 get headshot'd with ak47 from across the map all the time weapons : 12/10 skins that make you feel like you're a pro but then the "gameplay" sentence applies overral score: 23/10 very recommend
game-hours: 407.0
review: Amazing game, although you might take a long time getting used to the aiming system, its pretty fun :)
game-hours: 70.9
review: omg! I can't believe i have never played this before. To think all the years i have wasted play call of duty. A very good FPS is to pick up and play. The action is fast and there is always a game going. Picked this up on sale/ This is the best money i have spent on steam so far. I recommend this to anybody that wants some fast action or a extended session of First person action!
game-hours: 1000.5
review: A Game That let you Wear Mask as Counter-Terrorist To Prevent Spreading Ebola From Terrorist's. 10/10 Would Play Again.
game-hours: 444.6
review: Shot directly at some guy. No damage dealt. He does a 360 and shoots me in the foot. Instant headshot. 10/10 would play comp again.  this game.
game-hours: 282.0
review: NIDJE VEZE IGRICA. KAD JA MORAM IGRATI NA TUDJEM PROFILU ZBOG 7 DANA BANA.
game-hours: 300.5
review: Buy this if you want to learn Russian.
game-hours: 756.6
review: CS:GO is different to most FPS games i've played. It's got 2 teams, both have an objective, and the teams have weapons that balance out according to the objective. Most of the core competitive maps balance out the weapons and objectives even more, and they're also aesthetically pleasing. CS:GO should appeal to all skill levels, with it's competitive ranking system you're almost guarenteed to find a balanced game with people your skill level when you play in matchmaking. Overall, i'd probably give CS:GO a 9.5/10, it could use some more balancing between the M4A4 and M4A1, but other than that it's perfect for an FPS of this day and age.
game-hours: 82.7
review: SAME  DIFFRENT NAME. 10/10 #rehash
game-hours: 92.0
review: Much bombs. such defuse, very merry. 10/10 would rage again.
game-hours: 49.0
review: i played CS back in the beta days all the way through when it went source, including a bit of competitive. totally dig this game and CS:GO is actually a very nice combination of all the things that were good from all the various iterations of the game's history (purists, piss off) the problem for me is the community - i've found that the only way to enjoy the casual game is to turn off all voice chat (mute EVERYONE). the game seems to draw some of the most vile hate filled bitter gamers i've ever dealt with. perhaps it's the lack of humour in the game. tf2 has its share of racists and mysogynistic wingnuts but the levity of tf2 draws a incredibly varied set of people that more than offset the bitter element. cs:go, on the other hand, has no such levity, and unless you play with your friends (whom you probably made in tf2) or are a hate filled bitter racist mysogynistic wingnut yourself, you're likely to be turned off. TL;DR? it's still a great game, as long as you don't let the bitter scum get to you. NOTE: competitive mode in cs:go is a different story. the wingnuts seem to stay in casual or are at least more focused in competitive
game-hours: 956.0
review: Counter Strike: Global Offensive. Truly the best FPS I've ever played. As The War Owl put it, CS:GO is a marriage of teamwork, strategy and skill and that is the utmost truth. This is a game that leaves you wanting to do better, to learn and to grow in your own skill as a player. If you put in enough time into this game, I guarantee you won't regret it.
game-hours: 287.1
review: Well,how to give an impartial judge about Counter-Strike:Global Offensive?Really hard to write!!!! First of all,I had a special feeling and connection with the Counter-Strike series.When I was a kid,I used to play some CS1.5 games with my bros and friends after school.We always found so much fun on WLAN games and I never experienced that kinda motivation and attraction from any other game before.When CS1.6 came out,we said:'WOO".A bunch of differences appearing,both police and terrorist had a few new guns and particular one that I still remember is that Goddame Police Shield,haha.So I donated plenty of my time into CS1.6 period,even once an entire summer break is given.My skill in CS1.6 became more and more good and learned a lot of stratagem from match videos.However,after growing up,I didn't have that much time for free to play.Eventually ,I stopped playing CS and didn't contact with this series for several years.Untill last years,maybe June or Junly,I was surfering Online webs and a game news just jumped into my eyes.The brand new edition of Counter-strike was going to come out!!!Suddenly,the funny time which I used to have emerges from my deep memory.Without wasting a second,I searched it and bought it in Steam store.Before that time point,my recognition about CS still stays on CS1.6,and never heard anything about CS:S and CS:GO....... After Valve releasing the game,I start to play alone.Then,I find out the gap might be bigger than what I think.I play suck at the first,don't know how to perserve myself,just go out and die together with enemy.After playing some hours,I believe I catch some hints and play smartly and carefully.Then, I sometimes become top player in matches.But after another match and match,another game and game.I can't feel that kinda fun I used to have when I was a child.CS series used to be the flag of novelty.But now,CS:GO is just a derivative product from the old CS,no new maps,just the regeneration of olds;no new game mode,just the same as olds;no new guns,just the replication of the old stuffs.This is not the time that players only had a few games to choose.They can buy and play other FPS games,like COD series or BF series.Some Coop FPS games such as Borderline series and Payday series are good opitions,too.No new change is a largely flaw!!!!Meanwhile,CS is a comparable game,most CSers need play match and match again and again to make sure they staying in a high level.But for most people,fun is the most important.But so few casual mode existing in CS:GO,how can this game attract new ordinary player to make the game community becoming more prosperious?NIP is awesome,but not every need to be like as invinciable as 'Xizt'or 'Get the Right' in the game,we need a funny game with happiness but not a super badass game with presure. I still love this game,but after playing around 300hours,I choose to delete it,because I feel bored and stressed when I play it.Maybe one day in future,new entertaining modes come out ,I will redownload it and restart to play :P. Now,during Christma discounting,CS:GO only costs your $4 to have it.Even for a reproduction with better graphics,it worths this value.I hope you having a nice time in this game.:P
game-hours: 732.4
review: Genius game, Easy to learn, hard to get skillz xD #fab
game-hours: 619.5
review: ,           !!
game-hours: 58.7
review: Valve stop making new and gives us the game exactly the same as 1999 nothing new at all and the whole world get crazy about some ridiculous painted guns. Inovation ? No body got time for that, just copy the old games and place it in the new engine just like Dota 2.
game-hours: 58.7
review: Valve stop making new and gives us the game exactly the same as 1999 nothing new at all and the whole world get crazy about some ridiculous painted guns. Inovation ? No body got time for that, just copy the old games and place it in the new engine just like Dota 2.
game-hours: 1097.0
review: Head Clicking Simulator. "pewpewpew die terroist PEWPEW" legit.
game-hours: 0.1
review: The community is so good that it made me quit the game
game-hours: 2957.9
review: A truly original Counter-Strike. It's a must have for all CS fans and FPS lovers.
game-hours: 1305.8
review: remove russkies plz
game-hours: 676.3
review: best game i've ever played in my entire life. In my side, i love teamwork and if you do. Just. Buy. This. Game.
game-hours: 935.7
review: Got a 14 day ban for killing a bot at round start. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 713.1
review: Whether it be the graphics, guns, or the strategy, CS:GO drags the player in to play more and more. I would buy this game even if it was $30, yes it is that good. CS:GO has one of the best selections of game modes and game maps, so you are never bored. Even better, you can play the same map over and over and still like it. CS:GO also has a wide selection of weapons to choose from, and the weapon buying system is ingenious. The recent addition of weapon skins adds just that kick you need when playing. All you want to do is just unbox one. more. crate. for that chance to get a knife worth over $400. Long story short, GET THIS GAME!!! Stay classy, gamers! -JAMEStheGREAT3
game-hours: 190.2
review: real knife: $15 virtual knife: $400 10/10 would waste money again
game-hours: 264.4
review: the match making sucks.
game-hours: 18.3
review: Pew Pew Dead
game-hours: 789.6
review: I Love This GAme <3 <3
game-hours: 310.5
review: Countless allnighters come to my mind when I hear the name "Counter-Strike" That game is something I'll remember discovering during my middleschool years. It to me, and i'm sure others, was a great way to escape and unwind after a long day. I don't see it slowing down in that department with Global Offensive. It combines the old with the new and I will admit that there is indeed a learning curve when it comes to aiming with those weapons but all it took was a few rounds of deathmatch and then I could effecetivly kill without being the "bambie" so to speak. Don't think this game is all gold and now scuffs. This game sure does have its short comings but that goes with any top notch game. Unless you're standing still and throwing grenades, you should compensate for the movemnet of the nade. I understand that this use to be something in Cs.s and other titles but I feel it's more apparent in Global. The balistics are far better than previous Counter-Strike games IMO,and it's interesting to see how the different guns have different spread and penetration, etc. This game is fantastic to play with friends, or if you're looking to make friends this game is still fun to play. Don't forget to practice if you're having a hard time with aiming, or understanding the map.
game-hours: 519.6
review: This game makes babies laugh, this game makes old people dance, this game cured cancer, this game feeds african childern and this game saved the world from a giant homosexual meteorite play this and all your dreams will come true.
game-hours: 659.7
review: It's okay. 10/10 - IGN
game-hours: 3030.8
review: Great game, 9 out of 10. CS:GO Is a hard game and takes a lot of time to learn, everyone is equal with the same guns and you can't... unlock new guns like in CoD (Call Of Duty) or so I have heard! Once you learn how to play properly like control ur recoil with every gun and things like that, you might find it hard to stop playing the game and not get addicted :D. I think it's a great game because it has great maps and Dust II is my favourite by far, however the maps aren't exactly balanced I would say. The game is quite funny at times and there is proof in some of my screenshots :D. The only reason why I don't give it 10/10 is because it's not exactly balanced with the maps. The maps have like different camp areas for each team and some areas are better and things like that, bomb spots, hiding spots, etc. But, apart from that, this game has made me play 1500 hours already and I think I've only been playing for a year! You could call me an addict but, once you've played this game, you won't blame me ;).
game-hours: 596.4
review: Es un muy buen juego , para mi opinion lo unico malo es 3 armas , p90 , cz y la deagle (la se usar es facil) pero hay muchos que usan solo p90 y no tiene sentido. Lo bueno de esto es la jugabilidad... tenes nuevos modos el competitivo ,arms race, dm (incluido) y el casual.
game-hours: 578.0
review: playing this game hurts my soul but i cant stop at this point.
game-hours: 209.6
review: Reviews for the Deaf and Hard of Hearing ---------------------------------------- Overall Game ---------------------------------------- CS:GO has a lot of gameplay options for players - community servers offering a variety of game modes, casual gaming ranging from defuse maps, hostage maps, deathmatch mode, and a fast-paced Arms Race mode where you aim to go through each weapon until you get a Golden Knife kill to win. Beyond casual gaming, there is a competitive system that rank-matches you, similar to many other FPS games, and runs for up to 30 rounds of CS, after which your rank is affected one way or another. Competitive play is both extremely challenging and extremely rewarding, although some players either take it far too seriously or treat it like casual unranked gaming. It's hard to find a team that sits in the nice middle ground between the two. If you've played a shooter game before, GO will be familiar. WASD, crouching, walking (as opposed to running), and grenades. It's relatively straightforward gameplay, only made hard by the skill of your opponents. The game has a bit of a learning curve. Each weapon acts differently and may take some time to learn which you like and which works best in certain situations. After that, the grenades are the next thing to consider attempting to master. They often can turn a losing game into a winning one. The best way to learn is to play, so get in there and have fun. :D Overall Rating: 9/10 ---------------------------------------- Overall Accessibility ---------------------------------------- CS:GO is not very accessible for deaf gamers. The game itself has no captions that I have been able to find, but the only thing that would need captioning is the weapons tutorial that you're likely to use once, if at all. CS can consistently be a challenge to deaf gamers because of the significant impact of sound during play. Many players OFTEN sit and wait for the enemy to come near, reacting to footsteps or grenades/weapon fire that cannot be seen, but can be easily heard. One particular edge hearing gamers have over deaf gamers is guard the target area from a distance by listening for nearby enemies, only moving out of hiding when they need to. A deaf gamer's need to see the target site to properly defend it puts them at greater risk of being killed. Additionally, competitive mode gamers make heavy use of the microphone capability to communicate quickly. There are text/voice binds in game (using the Z, X, and C keys) that can convey significant messages rather quickly and easily, but I find that most hearing gamers at mid-level skill are not receptive to either the voice binds or to text chat. Deaf gamers in competitive gaming may encounter hostility or discrimination from hearing gamers. Rating: 3/10 Subtitles/Text ---------------------------------------- None, though none are really needed. Chatting/Communicating ---------------------------------------- Chatting is available for team and global chat during matches and while observing. Although, as I mentioned, some people are not responsive to chat, it is still offered.
game-hours: 311.1
review: Never invite me to CS GO I rage too much. Angry dad appeared ''I thought we talked about this years ago''..... yes that was CSS i stopped afterwards, however now the nightmares are back help me!!!!!! I always find myself standing with a sniper shooting..... 1 miss..... 2 misses..... 10 misses...... afterwards I get killed by other sniper and start raging. this is one of the funniest aspects in the game Pros: Fun gameplay Lots of skins (for the crazy collector in all of us) Good Match making systems. Good Interface Cons: You rage a lot. Angry parents. Too high blood presure during gameplay but no actual errors with the game itself. Therefore i rate this game 10/10 (Do keep in mind this isn't for the softhearted, always have some friends chatting with you otherwise you might destroy your screen)
game-hours: 845.1
review: CS:GO is amazing! It took me a while until I got used to the weapon feeling and recoil, but when I got used to it, I was literally addicted to this game! I played it every night with my friends, trying to rank up in competetive or just having some fun conversations and troll around in casual. The only thing they should change is the price for the keys.... It started with 1,79  and after months the price slowly raised to 1,99 . All I can say is that CS:GO is definitely worth it's money.
game-hours: 819.8
review: good game
game-hours: 310.5
review: Countless allnighters come to my mind when I hear the name "Counter-Strike" That game is something I'll remember discovering during my middleschool years. It to me, and i'm sure others, was a great way to escape and unwind after a long day. I don't see it slowing down in that department with Global Offensive. It combines the old with the new and I will admit that there is indeed a learning curve when it comes to aiming with those weapons but all it took was a few rounds of deathmatch and then I could effecetivly kill without being the "bambie" so to speak. Don't think this game is all gold and now scuffs. This game sure does have its short comings but that goes with any top notch game. Unless you're standing still and throwing grenades, you should compensate for the movemnet of the nade. I understand that this use to be something in Cs.s and other titles but I feel it's more apparent in Global. The balistics are far better than previous Counter-Strike games IMO,and it's interesting to see how the different guns have different spread and penetration, etc. This game is fantastic to play with friends, or if you're looking to make friends this game is still fun to play. Don't forget to practice if you're having a hard time with aiming, or understanding the map.
game-hours: 470.2
review: Who needs a review? This is CS! Compared to 1.6 and Source - this game definitely holds it's own. No, it's not perfect but its an excellent, up to date version of a multiplayer classic - and in my view - still the finest multiplayer FPS in the world.
game-hours: 596.4
review: Es un muy buen juego , para mi opinion lo unico malo es 3 armas , p90 , cz y la deagle (la se usar es facil) pero hay muchos que usan solo p90 y no tiene sentido. Lo bueno de esto es la jugabilidad... tenes nuevos modos el competitivo ,arms race, dm (incluido) y el casual.
game-hours: 1962.3
review: Highly recommend this game. It's the second most famous esport after league of legends and is pretty oldschool, which all of us like. You plant the c4 and defend it from the counter terrorist team, or if you play as ct, you have to defend your bombsites (A and B) from the terrorists. In certain maps, you can rescue hostages, too. This game has also many mods. Casual, competitive (classic ESL game in cs 1.6, but with cs go ranks) If you want to have fun, this game can also offer it, with the other mods, surf, deathrun etc.
game-hours: 1093.4
review: Counter Strike might be ur old fashioned fps game from ur childhood but this game has evolved and grow and we too have grow beside it. It was once a worldwie famous tactical fps game and I can easily say that fact has never changed. CS GO's ranking system and its Competitive mode has been a wonderful experience to play with ur friends for skills alone wont help u win the game but tactics and teamwork is the golden apple that is needed to win the match.
game-hours: 1091.8
review: Great strategic FPS, nice Casual Gameplay with enough room for core-Gamers. 10/10 would buy again! Grafik sehr nice. Ein Taktisch gutes Spiel & man kann es lange genug Spielen da es nicht langweilig wird. Also ein kauf lohnt sich.
game-hours: 1704.7
review: on dis game yu use guns an , basicly u hav 2 kill udder enamys. it is pritty fun cuz i own noobs
game-hours: 206.0
review: Counter Strike: Global Offensive stands as a glowing reminder that quality game design is rewarded in longevity and variety. Valve has not only updated the shooter but has completely outclassed its contemporaries. This is Counter-Strike, whatever the format you choose to play it on, and there isn't a higher recommendation than that.
game-hours: 445.1
review: I gambled away 100$ on cases and keys only to get a skin of 5 dollars in return and no knives 10/10 will Gamble again :D
game-hours: 789.6
review: I Love This GAme <3 <3
game-hours: 2150.2
review: One of the best "modern" shooters. As long as you dont define a good fps game something simmlar to another game (for example CoD series or some other fps) this game will be awesome. If you expect awesomley thrilling SP campaign - No. you cna play with bots. but the gameplay may seem "outdated". It is nostalgic, not outdated. It has taken some of the best FPS game features and compined it with CS 1.6 and CS:S. great competiteve excperience. Servers sometimes might not be the best for competiteve experience, but there are some free, better server alternatives. You will not like the game if you expect something like huge map invasions like in Planetside 2 or BattleField series. it has awesome team play elements, hard controlable gun recoil. This game is everything you want if you haev the time to actually learn it, and understand the simplest principals of how it works. after that, It is just practise of aiming and teamplay. Awesome game. 9/10
game-hours: 209.6
review: Reviews for the Deaf and Hard of Hearing ---------------------------------------- Overall Game ---------------------------------------- CS:GO has a lot of gameplay options for players - community servers offering a variety of game modes, casual gaming ranging from defuse maps, hostage maps, deathmatch mode, and a fast-paced Arms Race mode where you aim to go through each weapon until you get a Golden Knife kill to win. Beyond casual gaming, there is a competitive system that rank-matches you, similar to many other FPS games, and runs for up to 30 rounds of CS, after which your rank is affected one way or another. Competitive play is both extremely challenging and extremely rewarding, although some players either take it far too seriously or treat it like casual unranked gaming. It's hard to find a team that sits in the nice middle ground between the two. If you've played a shooter game before, GO will be familiar. WASD, crouching, walking (as opposed to running), and grenades. It's relatively straightforward gameplay, only made hard by the skill of your opponents. The game has a bit of a learning curve. Each weapon acts differently and may take some time to learn which you like and which works best in certain situations. After that, the grenades are the next thing to consider attempting to master. They often can turn a losing game into a winning one. The best way to learn is to play, so get in there and have fun. :D Overall Rating: 9/10 ---------------------------------------- Overall Accessibility ---------------------------------------- CS:GO is not very accessible for deaf gamers. The game itself has no captions that I have been able to find, but the only thing that would need captioning is the weapons tutorial that you're likely to use once, if at all. CS can consistently be a challenge to deaf gamers because of the significant impact of sound during play. Many players OFTEN sit and wait for the enemy to come near, reacting to footsteps or grenades/weapon fire that cannot be seen, but can be easily heard. One particular edge hearing gamers have over deaf gamers is guard the target area from a distance by listening for nearby enemies, only moving out of hiding when they need to. A deaf gamer's need to see the target site to properly defend it puts them at greater risk of being killed. Additionally, competitive mode gamers make heavy use of the microphone capability to communicate quickly. There are text/voice binds in game (using the Z, X, and C keys) that can convey significant messages rather quickly and easily, but I find that most hearing gamers at mid-level skill are not receptive to either the voice binds or to text chat. Deaf gamers in competitive gaming may encounter hostility or discrimination from hearing gamers. Rating: 3/10 Subtitles/Text ---------------------------------------- None, though none are really needed. Chatting/Communicating ---------------------------------------- Chatting is available for team and global chat during matches and while observing. Although, as I mentioned, some people are not responsive to chat, it is still offered.
game-hours: 140.1
review: this game sux its not like cod at all
game-hours: 372.5
review: this game is full of degenerate europeans
game-hours: 155.8
review: A lot better than its previous titles, this game is a must-have for all FPS-lovers :> The Inventory-Market system is awesome and it'll make sure you won't get bored too soon..
game-hours: 2629.1
review: This game helped me make 1400$ from 0$ in a couple of months 10/10
game-hours: 1427.1
review: Thanks to this game,i forgot what other games i have in my Game Library.
game-hours: 609.9
review: Search for Inferno, Assault, Nuke, Mirage, Cache, Ali, Rush, Black gold... Whatever. You'll play Dust 2. A perfect Dust 2 Simulator. 11/10
game-hours: 1054.2
review: <3
game-hours: 75.5
review: This game is a very popular terrorist/ counter-terrorist FPS. It features casual and competitive gameplay. It has a few different game modes and a large player base. The game is very balanced, there is alot of different weapons to choose from and the graphics are fine. You can also play against bots or play Deathmatches. If you happen to die and you have a bot in your team, you can control him to help your team win but it will not increase your own score. I've only played 1 mode so far, it is Bomb Defusing. In this mode you have 2 teams and the terrorist team has a bomber. The person who gets the C4 is chosen randomly and must set the C4 in one of the specific points. The counter-terrorists must defend the points and/ or kill all the terrorists to win the round. The terrorists needs to detonate the C4. The first to win 8 rounds like that ( they take about 2 minutes each, ) wins the match. I think it's a good game overall and if you're a fan of multiplayer FPS games, try it. The only CONS would be that you get crates while playing which requires a key to open ( you have to buy the key with real life money. ) I do believe the only thing those crates contain is cosmetic stuff. It's already a paid game, so it's a bit surprising, but it's not pay to win. Also some servers just lags even if your ping is good, no idea why, but usually finding a good server dosen't take too long.
game-hours: 64.2
review: WOW SUCH COUNTER VERY STRIKE WOW PEW PEW MANY GUNS SO TACTICS GAME BEST 10 OUT OF DOGE WOW
game-hours: 542.2
review: VERY GOOD GAME UNTIL YOU HAVE AN AWP AND YOUR SHOOTING THE BAD GUYS AND YOUR TEAM MATES WALK INFRONT OF YOU WITHOUT NOTICING, AND YOU GET BANNED FOR A WEEK.
game-hours: 578.0
review: playing this game hurts my soul but i cant stop at this point.
game-hours: 205.0
review: One word: Fantastic
game-hours: 1235.1
review: 2014  )
game-hours: 405.6
review: ,   .
game-hours: 311.1
review: Never invite me to CS GO I rage too much. Angry dad appeared ''I thought we talked about this years ago''..... yes that was CSS i stopped afterwards, however now the nightmares are back help me!!!!!! I always find myself standing with a sniper shooting..... 1 miss..... 2 misses..... 10 misses...... afterwards I get killed by other sniper and start raging. this is one of the funniest aspects in the game Pros: Fun gameplay Lots of skins (for the crazy collector in all of us) Good Match making systems. Good Interface Cons: You rage a lot. Angry parents. Too high blood presure during gameplay but no actual errors with the game itself. Therefore i rate this game 10/10 (Do keep in mind this isn't for the softhearted, always have some friends chatting with you otherwise you might destroy your screen)
game-hours: 2406.1
review: Valve,   FLASHBANG   Please!
game-hours: 54.5
review: AIM Simulator
game-hours: 340.7
review: ing hacker
game-hours: 1710.4
review: Guns, Knives, and Skins Let's Roll.
game-hours: 682.8
review: I definitely reccommend this game. It is by far one of the most fun fps's I have come upon. Gameplay is very simple, there are different types of gamemodes with different objectives. Additionally, the variety of maps also makes the game more unique, simply because of the different secret and strategical locations there are. You won't be meeting any cod fanboys in this game because it is simply class, however a recent change made a few guns have scopes similar to COD gun scopes. Guns and all equipment is very well balanced allowing for a fair environment. Counter-Strike Global Offensive simply brings a sense of real fps. No healing, no medics just guns and people trying to shoot other people.
game-hours: 768.7
review: Ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 1245.7
review: This game is the #1 Game i played my whole life it took a part of my life in this game i been playing since Counter Strike Global Offensive Came out and i been doing good lately , ofcurse everyone who plays this game to much , they going to rage alot , this game has a massive peice in my mind everywhere i go , everything i do , i keep thinking about this game to much , i'm basically addicted. What actually made this game even more active and more popular is THE CS GO SKINS!!! But alot of  out there trying to scam people which i been scammed 4 times and i cried those 4 times like a little  :D , this game should be #1 shooting game in this world , all the call of duty kids need to know what this game kid #fullcalloduty , this game is the best game on the world , If you are reading my review , first of all if your going to download this game i'll give you some tip's , first 4 month of this game when i started i was silver which is the worst rank of the game! So basically i mainly used auto-p90 which pretty sure every silver did to! next 7 month your going to be an MG-MGE- If you go try hard then ur main gun is ak - awp , then after 1-2 years you will see your self making a team and making such nice good friends online! This game is the best guys! you need to get it for who ever doesn't have it! ~Cheers.
game-hours: 780.6
review: You can't hit anything unless you're standing still. 10/10
game-hours: 608.0
review: It was my girlfriends birthday. But I needed a knife! We broke up </3
game-hours: 799.6
review: It may lack some of the community niceties, beloved maps (Assault, anyone?), and little features of past games, but Global Offensive delivers on the promise of a faithful, polished, and better looking Counter-Strike for whoever wants it. Even if the community doesn't meet the golden standard of 1.6 and Source, CS:GO will remain a multiplayer classic for those willing to put in the time to learn the maps and weapons.
game-hours: 142.0
review: I must admit, Valve is doing great job in making this game, with beautiful updated Source engine, everything looks more & more great even to CS:S. In addition of that, CS:GO added several new CT & Terrorist factions, new weapons & equipments, also there's customized weapons skins & many, many things have changed. Totally a must have for Valve & CS series fans. 10/10
game-hours: 1215.7
review: sexi gam
game-hours: 346.8
review: AWP COMBAT IS THE NEWEST AWP COMBAT SIMULATOR ON THE MARKET YOU CAN BUY AN AWP YOU CAN BUY DIFFERENT PAINT JOBS FOR YOUR AWP AWP IT UP IN DIFFERENT STAGES LIKE AWP_DUST AWP_OFFICE AWP_SURFMAP "THE BEST AWP SIMULATOR ON THE MARKET" -AWPGN AWP/10
game-hours: 108.2
review: CSGO is a near-perfect multiplayer shooter. Unlike the previous versions, which were often difficult to get in to, this one offers a variety of modes that will appeal to all skill levels. It has a large community and a well supported workshop, ensuring that this discount-priced game will be around for years to come. In short, you either play as the good or bad guys and must either kill the other team or complete objectives to win the round, which will earn you more money to do the same thing again but faster. It's been around for years and has spawned many imitators. The game isn't much of a looker as it is based on the same engine as the original Half Life 2 was. However, Valve have polished it as much as they can and the community consists of lots of awesome mappers who have been churning out brilliantly imaginative and beautiful maps almost on a daily basis. Is it worth getting if you already own Counter Strike: Source? Yes. CSS was always Counter Strike shoe-horned into the Source engine. CSGO feels far more like a standalone game. Valve have very carefully listened to what people have wanted and have made a very appealing game. The best feature must be the competitive play. You cannot leave these matches or you'll suffer a temporary ban from the feature. After 10 wins in this mode you'll be ranked and will be paired up with people of the same skill, meaning that the game is challenging but fair regardless of your skill level. These matches are exciting, occasionally scary or frustrating, but are the most rewarding part of the game and improving your rank is one of the most satisfying experiences in any video game, ever. There are all kinds of teams and communities that you can join. Really, if I was stuck on a desert island with one game this would most likely be my top choice. It's bigger than you can hope to conquer and has a huge community around it which will likely be around for years to come, something that can't be said for the Call of Duty franchise which is probably its closest rival. Remember that those games are full price and have another one churned out each year, fragmenting the community. Plus you can customise your weapon skins in CSGO. Surely that's the most important feature?! All they need to add now are hats and you might as well live in CSGO.
game-hours: 295.0
review: This game is perfect if you like first person shooters. The competitiveness in this game is far more higher than any other game i have played. Very fun and enjoyable if youre the type of person that gets enjoyment out of FPS games.
game-hours: 252.6
review: A very complex gunplay system makes for extremely realalistic fire fights. its a change of pace from BF3/4 and COD but it requires more skill to play then ether of these games, this will lead to a higher tiers of playing. Although the ranking syatem needs an overhaul for the competitive mode as it is based on wins and not individual score this can often lead to mis ranking you to lover or jigher tiers. 8.5/10
game-hours: 839.9
review: 11/10 buy dagen
game-hours: 68.1
review: I P90 and Charge the Fountain 10/10
game-hours: 154.9
review: Game is cool, but those prices, are you serious? 300$ knife (more than in real life, what the heck? lol) Gaben be like "Loads of money... It's raining money! DOSH" So, TF2 - Hat Simulator CS:GO - xXxKnife SimulatorxXx? Unbox reactions though... "OOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHH COMPLETELY GOLD KARAMBIT GAY? AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAH KARAMBIT CASE HARDENED?????? OH MY GOOAAAAAAHAHAHAHAH woah AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH"
game-hours: 138.2
review: I like moaning as loud as I can in the mic whenever I get a kill 10/10
game-hours: 247.8
review: Game 15 $ 5 Chests 35 cent 5 keys 10 dollar got a knife made 74,63$ profit my inner jew is satisfied!
game-hours: 313.8
review: I was playing arms race but you still run on your feet. 0/10
game-hours: 247.8
review: Game 15 $ 5 Chests 35 cent 5 keys 10 dollar got a knife made 74,63$ profit my inner jew is satisfied!
game-hours: 1400.9
review: ok so one time i was nuk and bartek killed me with an ak47, i was very angry and i deleted the local content because i was anger, i also reported said culprit and i notified the authorities of this atrocity. i also reported the server for lag as he was clearle lagigng . gaben i am dxissapointed in your recent works, i hope ot see half life 3 delivered to my door in no lees than 20 minutes, the exact time my dominoes pizza gets here. if you steal my pizza i will sue your 'volvo' further and i will accuse you of pizza stealing crimes. i rate this game 0/10 i would not pasza again . p.SS if you dont fix your game and make the awp fully automatik, i will send you to the gulag with your volvo buddies. the ak should also be (historically) semi automatik. and the p90 should have atleast double its fire-rate and fire power. you are cleearly wrong and you dont know weaponry ballistics or penetration, or the awp would go through the hut on nuk. that brings me ot my next point. the hut on nuk is very broken. i once was cluthing succesfully against 5 people, and the last guy was in hut, i spraied through the hut and the lord steven jobs raised from his mac grave and smote upon the earth 'csgo will be on the mac' all hope is lost. 01/10 IGN "needs more pokemans"
game-hours: 279.1
review: You call this cs:go? Well I call it cs:bad Cmon Valve, you should rename this game to cs: stop...playing it cuz its bad Bad things about this game: This game is total trash, out of all the variety of unique weapons, people only use M4A4/M4A1-S, Ak47, or AWP in this game. The shooting mechanics and recoil is too much and mostly hard for newbies on this useless game. The sounds of this game is a copy from MW3 COD engine, and the gun sounds are too wubby and trappy 4 me. SMGs should be called Small Marshmellow Gun shooters. The damage of SMG's are worse than trying to knife someone, the damage point blank up close on the chest takes 10000000 bullets while you only need lucky headshots on these small tf2 hitboxes, you can get more kills with the lowest tier pistol than an SMG. The only SMG that is decent is p90, you see noob spray that pee pee gun around and spam it to your death. MP7 should have no recoil like COD MW3 and real life #unrealistic game. Shotguns are worse, it's the 100% nerf on COD shotguns. It seems like the bullets are freakin' Hasbro Nerf darts made from Nike sweatshops in China. Up close point blank with any shotgun = no kill. Don't bother about using LMG (why is it called light machine guns when it's more heavy than a OVERSIZE truck full of my diarrhea?) Ak47 is more OP compared to the M4A4 with damage and 1 hit headshots from any range. To even shoot accurately, you have to stand still and memorize the tarded spray pattern. If you move 1 mm, the bullets fly up to the sky then. The scout sniper rifle is a joke, it's only a hitmarker unless it's a headshot. The silenced weapons do more damage and are more accurate. I seriously don't get how big the recoils are for every weapon, it's like the Counter Terrorists are some scrawny 16 year olds and can barely hold the gun and the Terrorists are some recruited ISIS 12 year olds with towels on their head, dumb talibans. I'm surprised the Terrorists doesn't have an RPG, wouldn't matter anyway since it would only do 0.1 damage. The bullet's must not do damage or just dissapear in thin air since most of the shots doesn't register, saying you only did 10 damage with 1 bullet, gg. This is the only game where you need luck and aim for headshots while shooting else where is useless with the armor, oh....and if you get shot at, you move 100000% slower which unrealistic unless it's your legs being shot at, espeically with all that armor. People use hearing like it's sitrep pro from COD MW3 which is annoying to preshoot you and crap. Knfing is useless other than running faster, idk why the camos worth 100000000000000000000000 dollars. Same with any other weapons and their stranges. Who even uses the zeus? The recoil is so horrid, it needs to be mentioned again. Why have a crosshair when you spray, you aim the crosshair where should be on the player, ON THE GROUND so the bullets fly up in the air is now at your target. I think these CT were trained in the Army so that the recoil and aiming is stupid and the Osama Bin Laden squad is just naturally bad at aiming. Stormtroopers can aim better than these useless guns with its mechanics, jesus. The only recoil spread I can master is the AWP. This game has no killstreaks, such wow, lame. Why have the rest of the other unique and well made maps when the only map people play is Dust 2? Demolition is a new game mode that is trash and similar to gun game from CoD, casual is what people only play, deathmatch is the even worse version of TDM in CoD, the spawns are worse than MW2 rust.....I would spawn infront of someone or someone 2 feet away from me and get graped from behind, arms race is just plain stupid, just a copy of CoD mw3 gun game. Hostage is very unique, but only have to rescue one to win?? How bout the other 2 guys that's right next to each other to pick up? Plus the terrorists push more than the CT.... GG. Competitive is full of tryhard plebians and casual is full of smurfs. If you leave a competitive match that's unfinished, you get consquences by can't join another comp match for 30 min, then 2 hours, 24 hours, then week or something. You get temp banned basically....I can understand if people ragequit, but what if I have to take a dump for 10 hours? Or my mom nags me to get off? Or even a shark-nado came and hit my house and I got no power? This is dumb, last time I check this game isn't League of Legends. A genius way for wasting your hard working McDonald job's money, they added camos and stickers to guns. The only good camos for the "only good weapons" in the game are like 100000000000 bucks, worse than buying hats on tf2. Stickers are a rip off, you only have 1 time to apply it with a terrible POV inspecting it before you apply it, you can scrape it which ruins the quality, idk why that is a thing since you can't "scrape" it off and put it back on with a different spot on your gun, just have a remove button instead >.> or at least let you re-apply stickers. The community is terrible, you get kicked if you're bad or if someone calls "clutch or kick" with a lot of ghosters in casual. This game is worse than all the CODs, especially Black ops 1-2 and ghosts. No wonder this game costs less than the old Counter Strike games and still doesn't worth 15 bucks. I am a major Valve fan owning L4d1-2, Tf2, HL series, etc....and this game just dissapoints me, Hidden Path either ruined it or Valve wanted to took a crap on us and want money so Gabe can eat it, thinking it's celery and losing fat. I play video games 24/7 and never go outside. This game makes me want to go outside and burn like the casper the friendly ghost white skin I have from the sun as the vampire I am. This game created Al-Queada and ISIS groups. Blame this game for 9/11. This game gave me cancerous aids, along with everyone else who bought the game. Changes game needs: Shooting mechanics like COD (no mentally ill re-tarded recoil cuz characters in game dont know how to adjust recoil). SMG and shotgun buffs, ak47/m4a4/m4a1-s nerfed. Add rpgs, killstreaks. How do I aim down sights and run? Good things about this game: None.
game-hours: 850.7
review: ulel ukelele bjrn plz 10/10 it's ok
game-hours: 1255.9
review: 10/10 would have sex with. again.
game-hours: 332.1
review: Currently one of the best and only real competitive fps out there. A great variety of weaponry and maps. The game also gets constant updates from community feedback. However it has a vey big learning curve. For the first 50 hours or so you won't be very good at the game. As long as you get decent skill after that, you will have alot more fun.
game-hours: 766.5
review: ,      ...
game-hours: 1139.5
review: This is an excellent first person shooter that takes time to get used to, it's not your average Call of Duty or Battlefield. You don't frag people for some random scope for your rifle or a suppressor, instead you are trying to master out the legendary weapons that have been in all CS titles. The AK-47, the M4 and the AWP. These are the quite important ones, and the way to go.
game-hours: 35.3
review: I love this game!..I may suck.....but that doesn't matter! r-right ?
game-hours: 390.0
review: Case Drop Simulator 2012. 10/10 GOTY thx for the wallet.
game-hours: 131.8
review: PLAY THIS GAME OR GET OFF THE INTERNET!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 29.2
review: guns
game-hours: 20.4
review: Needs more silly hats.
game-hours: 289.6
review: Game is for nubs. 11/10 would bang again
game-hours: 5400.7
review: AMAZING GAME!
game-hours: 44.7
review: Its fuc%#@% Counter-Strike.
game-hours: 38.0
review: .
game-hours: 3417.7
review: The best Counter Strike <3
game-hours: 293.1
review: i is duh so mazing, dethmtch gy spwns. +1
game-hours: 1019.0
review: I've gone through at least 3 keyboards, purchased 4 seperate copies, spent >50 on skins and subscribed to 4 CS:GO twitch.tv channels, all because of this one game. What can I say? It's the purest FPS shooter that money can buy. No killstreaks, no deathstreaks, no commander mode, no marksman bonuses, nothing. You buy a gun, aim it at someone's head, and BANG; the person with the highest skill level level will make it out alive. That's why the game is still so popular. If you enjoy the FPS genre, do yourself a favour... Buy this game.
game-hours: 1769.1
review: sorta
game-hours: 448.1
review: A great successor to Source, Global Offensive delivers in every way, from improved graphics to overall better gameplay. It is very much a modern shooter while staying true to the Counter Strike franchise. Any fans of the previous game and any new players should check this out.
game-hours: 1611.3
review: I thought CS 1.6 or Quake would never be outdated but CS:GO managed to make it. I'll go straight to the point: this is the best multiplayer shooter game. A real game for esport and casual competition: - a great gameplay for huge possibilities for whoever can appreciate fps games. - an addictive game when you find a team or people to play with. - graphics are great (cs source players, you're going to feel a change) - a high required level of skill, strategy and game sense, so a really competitive community (that's not CoD, kids). And the game is still young and probably going to be still improved. As usual, many cheaters and some obnoxious players may blot its copybook, but damn, this game is great.
game-hours: 1767.9
review: 100% one of the best fps games out there. Extremley different from the cod franchise, but much better ;)
game-hours: 411.9
review: You can get hot pink gun skins + ruin your life. 10/10
game-hours: 870.5
review: Loving this as a change up to the normal shooter, as it involves the need for teamwork and tactics. 9/10 :O
game-hours: 428.6
review: BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM HEADSHOT!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1228.2
review: kerembet
game-hours: 1900.1
review: one of the best FPS games i have ever played :D but u should have atleast 1 friend to play with you or its gonna be pretty boring :D but still u should buy it
game-hours: 1445.2
review: When you get the time or have the money I highly recommend you buy this game. If you like to game and haven't bought a Counter Strike game you really haven't played most games. This game is casual and competitive so it suits every type of fps player, and like every valve game you can have custom servers if you don't want to play deathmatch, hostage mission or demolition. From the 300 some hours i've played on this game I'd say it was worth the money. -Droid 1-
game-hours: 1621.4
review: This game freakin sucks.
game-hours: 234.9
review: by faar the worst cs
game-hours: 801.3
review: This is such a pretty good shooting game or FPS you can play whatever you wanna play example : if you wanna fight with other players like serious you can play competitive . This mode is pretty nice when you're having a competition with other players . But if you don't wanna get serious playing you can play casual there are many noobs there seriously but sometimes there're so much players and i don't wanna play with them cause i can't kill anyone :( lol , Anyway there're many funny guys on casual so if you wanna play for fun you can play casual but don't get serious on it cause it's not competition it's just play for fun though. Hope this Guide helps :) See ya.
game-hours: 239.9
review: very nice game
game-hours: 655.1
review: HOLY  PREPARE TO DEDICATE YOUR LIFE TO SKINS AND STICKERS
game-hours: 41.6
review: if you enjoy watching your teammates play the game for you while your limp dead body sits there on the ground or enjoy loading into servers for hours on end I can assure you this is a great investment. Otherwise, this game sucks.
game-hours: 109.0
review: I guess it`s the better way to have fun And you may have some nice skins that like in some Dota or TF2 so why not while it`s on sale?
game-hours: 593.6
review: Great Game, Highly Recommended. 10/10
game-hours: 1707.8
review: VERY NICE FPS GAME !! Good Job for steam & valve
game-hours: 660.3
review: It's nice and awesome for me :) Competitive play sometimes can be unpleasant because of cheaters or communication issue with your team. There are many good/decent players and sadly, more than few bad apples. If you find the team for you it's awesome :)
game-hours: 6.1
review: Alright, so here it is... Counter-Strike: a game where you shoot people. Counter-Strike Condition Zero: a game where you shoot people, but this time it has a single-player option. Counter-Strike Source: a game where you shoot people, but with a slight graphical update and ragdoll physics. And Counter-Strike Global Offensive: A game where you shoot people, has a graphical update and ragdoll physics, and DOESN'T SUCK! 4 Rootin' Tootin' McLovin's out of 5
game-hours: 173.8
review: If you're an american and like counter striking on a global stage, this is your offensive, or be a terrorist and bomb random unknown locations.-IGN 7/10 Not like call of duty
game-hours: 172.4
review: no.1 fps game of today's world..!!!!!!
game-hours: 820.0
review: shoot people and they die 10/10
game-hours: 649.8
review: Best chicken simulator, 10/10.
game-hours: 49.9
review: I love it's GRAPHICS and SOUNDS <3
game-hours: 590.2
review: Strategy and patience is how you win in this game... Or you could just spray, whatever suits you.
game-hours: 132.6
review: mate so you've just come home from ing work, the mrs is on ya nuts for not spending time with ya ing kids, some mate called ya  in traffic, ya commodore broke down on the way back from the worksite, ya  dingo won't shut the  up but you know what, mate? it's ing straya day ya fire up the  barby crack open a cold beer and spend $50 on some  cases get a karambit and shoot some  and it makes everything alright this game is good
game-hours: 76.8
review: in ShootMan3, we are faced with a bigger threat than ever before; the shootman. the shootman(tm) is the real shootman and whants to kill all not-shootmen. you, as shootman-man, must shoot shootman before shootman can shoot you, shootman-man. the additions from the last shootman (ShootMan2)(tm) include captivating and immersive features like movement, shooting, drm, online and vision. truly a good look at what the wiiu is capable of this is the best game zynga has ever put out. 12/10 literally next gen.
game-hours: 675.6
review: Estaba bueno el juego...hasta que se empezaron a meter chiteros... Ahora cada vez que entras a un competitivo ,hay un brazilero que te wallea todo el mapa D: Aunque dentro de todo el juego esta bueno..
game-hours: 994.8
review: dis gam is gud
game-hours: 390.5
review: Awesome,one of the worlds most played FPS,all must have this game,its just great and fun time!
game-hours: 479.5
review: Growth is an important factor in Global Offensive, especially if you're coming into Counter-Strike fresh or after a sabbatical. This is an extremely hardcore, skill-based first-person shooter, and it forces you to think differently than other modern shooters. If youre a Call of Duty player, youre going to need to change your play style to succeed here. Counter-Strike also tries developing into something new here as well, despite doing little to push itself beyond what its always done best. Global Offensive modifies old maps to keep veterans on their toes, and introduces official new modes that encourage different play styles for the first time in almost 15 years.-IGN.
game-hours: 411.7
review: 9\10
game-hours: 720.9
review: In Counter Strike: Global Offensive, you occasionally shoot at people, blow up foreign aid supplies with plastic explosives that kill anyone within a square mile, and rescue tied up middle-age white males that have been given nothing but Mountain Dew from angry punk-rock teenagers. Whilst all this is happening you're getting yelled at by professional gamers who spent their last paycheck on an in-game knife and reading passive-aggressive statements directed at you by the opposing team. Buy it.
game-hours: 30.8
review: It's basically like Skyrim with guns.
game-hours: 380.5
review: For those of you who're new to the Counter Strike series, this game has been around longer then any Battlefield or Call of Duty game. Most commonly known to now as CS:GO, this game has been around since 2012 and the previous one, Counter Strike: Source since 2004. Counter Strike Global Offensive features a sufficient amount of gamemodes such as Demolition, Hostage and Defuse missions which actually require teamwork and co-orindation to win. CS:GO has its very own competitive play system which you're placed into a 5v5 match of people the same skill level as you (which is determined by your ranking on official VAC Secured servers) to fight it out on a gamemode and map of your choice. This game isn't for people who like to give up easily, it required skill in knowing the maps, how to handle recoil and working as a team to achieve victory. I'd highly recommend this game to anyone who's looking for a challenge in FPS shooters.
game-hours: 411.2
review: Shiokness.
game-hours: 719.6
review: good game? good game.
game-hours: 1103.3
review: The newest addition in the Counter Strike series. Counter Strike remains one of the few first person shooters that features a tremendous skillgap, both for individual play and for cordinating with your team. Playing the classic competitive gamemode truly demands you play at your best... If you want to climb in the ranks, of course. CS:GO has a pretty decent ranking system that pits you against players of your skill level. Fear not, new player. While the precise aiming, timing your movement with your shots and the recoil patterns of the main rifles are difficult to learn at first, once you start controlling them, you will be greatly rewarded. You will notice you will systematically become better than the newer players. At that point, the game starts to become addictive; getting headshots left and right is just so satisfying. In my opinion, anyone who calls himself a competitive first person shooter player should play Counter Strike and invest some time in it. There's really no other shooter quite like it.
game-hours: 305.7
review: Awesome game when you first begin to play it, it might seem like  in the beginning, but then it gets more enjoyable. Really like how they put in the competitive mode, but the queue time might be f**ked up from time to time. the first 10 wins should also be more accurate on how YOU performe, cuz if you get "carried" up in rank, you can expect to meet people way above your skill level. All in all, a great game :-D
game-hours: 2384.2
review: a big step forward (after Source), constantly improved having really good time with CS GO, great game :)
game-hours: 720.3
review: This game is a drug! A must buy/play game.
game-hours: 479.2
review: Very sick game 9/10 To much Campers
game-hours: 671.4
review: This game. This game right here. I like it. *throws coffee cup on the ground*
game-hours: 1539.5
review: meaningful comment
game-hours: 1824.1
review: 9/10 would recommend -1 because of hackers, russians and french people.
game-hours: 120.6
review: I have died every day waiting 4 u, darling dont be afraid I hav loved u. Just like dat, yah boi.
game-hours: 954.7
review: The game is actually the old cs 1.6 with the new graphic. I recommend to everyone ho had played cs 1.6 to try cs:go 10+ for game :)
game-hours: 681.9
review: An endless cycle of getting mad and quitting the game after playing some competitive.
game-hours: 565.4
review: the best game
game-hours: 535.4
review: Fun to play with friends, @ classic competitive plays a lot of cheaters, but still, i love it. <3
game-hours: 973.4
review: Simply "beware: too much addictive!"
game-hours: 191.3
review: NiCe
game-hours: 996.7
review: Very, very good game! A must-buiy for any serious gamer!
game-hours: 328.8
review: Best CS that I ve ever played :D
game-hours: 243.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 4881.9
review: nice game with more realistic and logic gaming sense applied..
game-hours: 18.2
review: It may lack some of the community niceties, beloved maps (Assault, anyone?), and little features of past games, but Global Offensive delivers on the promise of a faithful, polished, and better looking Counter-Strike for whoever wants it. Even if the community doesn't meet the golden standard of 1.6 and Source, CS:GO will remain a multiplayer classic for those willing to put in the time to learn the maps and weapons.
game-hours: 1453.7
review: seriously fun. no other shooter out there has such a high skill ceiling to a point where there is always room for improvement and always some one better then you. csgo adds a true competitive nature to the world of first person shooters that no other shooter can clame to obtain. +++++ thumbs up!
game-hours: 1077.6
review: Here's where I'd put my stamp of approval. IF I HAD ONE!
game-hours: 16.8
review: Another great FPS that has more to choose from and do then all the Counter-Strikes. With the added skins for weapons it makes the game worth the effort and time to play! Love the game and I approve of getting it I'm happy I did!!!!
game-hours: 540.8
review: I Like it!!!
game-hours: 656.4
review: This is great game you should see in this video amazing
game-hours: 211.8
review: kiss me
game-hours: 780.2
review: game can't quick scope
game-hours: 1596.6
review: I've been playing CS 1.6 since after its' release, hell i've been playing CS since the release of 1.5 even(Mainly on non-steam LAN tho, i must confess) and thus far this is probably the best. it has the smooth and proper aim of 1.5 for most part when it counts, the accuracy of pistols are absolutely nostalgic in it and all pistols are actually worth playing with now with the change in damages. when it comes to SMGs and Rifles it's much more similar to 1.6 in early days except for AK47, GOD knows how i missed the super-accurate AK47 from 1.6. It also makes more sense to play with Galil and Famas now. About the sniper, well...i've never used sniper when it was serious but an amazing sniper i knew got interested in this game after playing around with AWP and SSG for around 10minutes. Almost forgot about the Heavy group of loadout being muuuuch more fun to play now and how the shotguns aren't useless from more than 10meters away. The only thing which was abit harder to enjoy on this release was jumping. Harder than 1.6 but with much more of a...kinda...air-control, guess i should say. Might be annoying at first, but you'll surely enjoy it after getting used to it. On top of all those improvements, there are weapon skins now making it more fun for the casual players. Another thing worthy of mentioning would be netcode improvements. Since i've always played videogames with higher amounts of pingtime i've been more careful about that part. in CS:GO you get to search for servers with pings as high as 350ms! Now...it doesn't really sound good when said alone, but the netcode is done well enough to make sure it's still playable with such high latency(However you have to cover the high ping time with better and faster reflexes at the end again). On a last note, i really hope valve improves the source engine. A little bit prettier envirounment and characters while saving the simple-looking options wouldn't hurt.
game-hours: 315.2
review: Tiz game iz gud 4 pipul hwo liek to ply pew pew
game-hours: 10.9
review: Much better than CSS, and actually makes me want to get back into Counter Strike. Lots of different modes which are enjoyable and a decent game to play considering the price. My rating : 81
game-hours: 41.0
review: If you like $100 competetions where no one actually wins then you'll love this.
game-hours: 166.8
review: 10/10 Matchmaking
game-hours: 701.8
review: This game is epic, but the rank system takes a while to realise that you are pro.
game-hours: 2222.3
review: Has sucked more time out of me then id like to admit, but it's a blast to play. Worth well over the $15 price tag
game-hours: 1739.4
review: best game if u a pro xD But beware of scammer,phisters and sharkers if you are trading in csgo
game-hours: 1394.2
review: A game for the competetive aspect. Players generally have bad or horrid manners. Do not expect a civilized experience.
game-hours: 758.0
review: Gabe, you can better.
game-hours: 701.9
review: a pretty good CoD clone
game-hours: 4726.4
review: Feels like an unfinished piece of , it costs less than Source, oddly enough and it seems more like a magnet for some pocket change considering it's just a graphic revamped game based on 1.6 but without the bugs tweaked out of it, plenty of hackers in the game, leaderboards can prove it, plenty of asshat people, same as Dota 2 though, valve has a good habit of attracting s to their games, or maybe it's just one finding another.
game-hours: 796.3
review: One of the lines the terrorists say is "We will make them cry!" which alone justifies buying this game.
game-hours: 224.0
review: It used to be called Counter Strike: GCA or Gotta Catch them All. referring to all the near custom  added. But it was removed for another title. Game still has dust, I wish they cleaned that area or something. I got allergies.
game-hours: 701.9
review: a pretty good CoD clone
game-hours: 4726.4
review: Feels like an unfinished piece of , it costs less than Source, oddly enough and it seems more like a magnet for some pocket change considering it's just a graphic revamped game based on 1.6 but without the bugs tweaked out of it, plenty of hackers in the game, leaderboards can prove it, plenty of asshat people, same as Dota 2 though, valve has a good habit of attracting s to their games, or maybe it's just one finding another.
game-hours: 796.3
review: One of the lines the terrorists say is "We will make them cry!" which alone justifies buying this game.
game-hours: 837.2
review: i like the m4
game-hours: 822.7
review: Do you like guns? Crates? Guns shooting at crates? Crates shooting at guns? If your answer is yes (or even if it's no), you're in luck! Valve has decided to create the next-gen version of their Counter-Strike franchise and added this great game to the fray! Play with friends, get yelled at for not playing a tactically-perfect manner during the eco round by twelve-year-olds! The gang's all here! Spend your life savings on Stat-trak versions of your favorite guns so you can brag about how many pubs you've "pwned" when you should have been working! A game so amazing and full of crates, you'll wonder why Valve even gives them away! Gabe, you've done it again!
game-hours: 1739.2
review: Hands downt the best pure FPS on the Market. This is a staple for someone wanting to break into competitve gaming and wants to learn how tactics and teamplay is valued. You don't have to worry about leveling up or someone having a better gun then you or attachement, everyone has access to all the same guns making it a completely balanced game. It also offers a very enjoyable casual community and deathmatch for just having fun. Countless amounts of custom servers with addons and mods that add tons of variety to an already near perfect game. The game is constantly updated and improved upon by developers that actively listen to the community.
game-hours: 1766.5
review: this game has changed... my life
game-hours: 41.0
review: If you like $100 competetions where no one actually wins then you'll love this.
game-hours: 166.8
review: 10/10 Matchmaking
game-hours: 827.0
review: Ruined my social life/10 -Would play again
game-hours: 463.2
review: Thank to my friend DarkWolf i get this game :) ty bro <3
game-hours: 1569.3
review: Great game, endless fun. If you haven't already, buy this game at once! Every cent is worth it! 10/10! Fave game!
game-hours: 55.3
review: I'll be honest this game is pretty cool and has decent gwafics? gwafics... GWAAFICS!!! ok I'll stop now and there is hardly any bugs or crashes in-game so if you have the decent computer buy this. ...... or not Edited part: The weapons were changed in this game like the m4 for example and they re-done some maps which I'll admit were pretty cool changes so I can't be mad a this game. So the Final score is 8.6/10. I also love the workshop maps because I downloaded some and they were very cool.
game-hours: 507.8
review: the best fps i ever played because of theis game i forget some thing called cod this game is more compritve and need more skill than any other fps games buy this GAME :D
game-hours: 4020.9
review: i dig it
game-hours: 551.1
review: buy it for your autistic child NOW
game-hours: 1561.7
review: Fun, competitive but can be difficult to learn without help
game-hours: 1261.1
review: best game na
game-hours: 356.5
review: Amazing to see one of my childhood games evolve throughout the years. Simple guns, realistic gun physics, and serious gameplay with nice graphics. A game worth getting.
game-hours: 613.1
review: Spent 100 on fancier looking guns, despite being terrible. I've probably pressed F more times than MOUSE1.
game-hours: 4.7
review: I can't even express how much this game is worth playing.
game-hours: 634.6
review: I stand there surveying the battlefield, full of my deceased comrades. During that time i had two things on my mind, one being that my fate determines on this moment, and that my AWP Redline looks intimidating with my newly added "Welcome to the Clutch" sticker. With that boost of confidence I ready myself for whatever comes next. I then instinctivly tap 'tab' to see what im going up against, and mutter under my breath, "Pshhh 1v3.... eZ." I then approach the bombsite where i come in sight of my prey. I stare the target down like a fat boy eyeing a stick of butter. Deciding to make my move I lick my finger, gathering as much saliva as possible, and cram it down the subjects ear. He screams in agonizing pain, and torture. I know I must finish him, so I grasp for his bloomers, and pull. Thus summoning an atomic wedgie which instantly incapacitates the man. Knowing what I have done I cannot help but tea bag the corspe a few times. Meanwhile I recieve a message stating that the bomb was planted. I suddenly stop the nonsense and move on to my next set of victims. Which were going to be tougher to crack than the first. I think of what I am going to do next, knowing I do not have much time, so I do what is best. I conjure my inner animal. Resulting to me being restrained to using the Deagle in a showy manner. I then come into sight of the bombsite, to abruptly run into my pursuers. My inner animal guides me toward my desiard location, and fires resulting in a collateral killing them both. In shock, I swiftly head towards the bomb knowing it will go off at any moment. But all worries fade when I am quickly informed by a gentleman on the opposing team, that F10 is a shortcut for instant defuse. Before executing the task, I mutter,"idiot." And spam the F10 key as fast as I can with my right index finger, overcome with joy I begin my victory chant to celebrate our win. But when I look back at my screen it reveals an EXACT copy of my desktop, that is INTERACTABLE. Holy cannoli, Valve you really did over due your self on this extrodinary easter egg. I really anticipate you guys adding more stuff like this easter egg in the future, never in my life have i seen so much detail be put into something so little.
game-hours: 1184.4
review: Very great game. Fun atmosphere
game-hours: 30.8
review: What can I say, this game is made by Valve, therefore I am obligated to love it. In all honesty, this game is in some cases harder than other FPS's I've played, and in other cases easier. The community is large-I've yet to find a lobby that has less than 5 people in it. The game also runs on the Source engine, resulting in very attractive graphics that have a minimal impact on my GPU. Either way, I love this game and recommend it to anybody who is looking for a cheap, easy first person shooter.
game-hours: 1871.3
review: ---------Sadly i have to edit my review-------------- Im playing this game now for just too long to understand the core thinking of the makers of the game. Sadly i have to give the game a thumbs up anyway because the thumbs up are maybe for the best 1st person shooting game of all time... i played them all fromcs begginings till now even COD, BF probably all versions till now. But i have to admitt all this games cannot top CS:GO. Cs is just a very fast, team oriented 1st person shooter that will pull you in and never let go... Atleast what i thought so till now... Now i have to come to the problem... and the problem is: --------------------------------------------------CHEATING--------------------------------------------------------------------- Since the game came out i knew there would be cheaters... It sadly now belongs to almost every online game there is... But this became different... Allredy at the beggining i was wondering about the price of the game ... found it kinda cheap for such a good game only 14 Euro or something... At that point i allready thougt that its kinda easy for cheaters to rebuy a new account even if they should get banned... But i could never ever even imagine that it gets even better untill i realized that its beeing sold atleast once a month for ca 3 Euro... I dont know if this is aa dream or a insult to all the players who want to play a clean game... i dont think i have to explain what consequences this had on cheating.... So because of that the complainments and reports pilled up and valve was searching for a solution that doesnt cost them a thing and they get the cheaters atleast a lil bit under controll... so they made OVERWATCH... now they dont have to pull a finger and they work is beeing done by slaves (Players) who are hoping on a cleaner game one day... Nice story but whats this the game costs 3 Euro again so this guy (Cheater) buys this time 6 accounts so he has resources now for atleast 4 months to play and cheat... This is getting out of control VALVE you are making allready big money with this Skins and Market stuff why in Gods name cant you spent some of the money for making the game more enjoyable where you bann those cheaters and get us ----------------128-tick------------ SERVERS----------!!!!!! If these arogant stance of yours wont change you will loose probably a lot of players... I am a very active player but i quited the game for almost 2 moths last year because of that...
game-hours: 1049.7
review: I Love CS.go Very Much =)
game-hours: 776.5
review: I shoot bullets at a person, and they die from it. Sometimes they do not. Sometimes they shoot me. Very deep storytelling.
game-hours: 197.4
review: ELA ELA ALIN OYNUYAX
game-hours: 1119.2
review: Pretty Neat.
game-hours: 1047.2
review: Really Good Game :) You Should Buy It.
game-hours: 1152.0
review: CS at its best.one of the best FPS games ever.
game-hours: 306.2
review: yay
game-hours: 708.8
review: dis gud gaem, i pla lots
game-hours: 660.3
review: It's nice and awesome for me :) Competitive play sometimes can be unpleasant because of cheaters or communication issue with your team. There are many good/decent players and sadly, more than few bad apples. If you find the team for you it's awesome :)
game-hours: 118.6
review: goodgame
game-hours: 10.4
review: This is the new game of the award winning COUNTER STRIKES You play as a terrorist like Bin-Laden or a counter-terrorist who counters the terrorists. You buy guns and shoot the enemy until they're dead or the terrorists plant the bomb. There are different gamemodes though!!! Such as gun game where you shoot someone and your gun transforms IN YOUR HANDS into another gun and you shoot more. Good game
game-hours: 486.6
review: Yes.
game-hours: 1010.4
review: Buy now if you are looking for a good FPS game! Controls are great and there are also diffrent controls like to see how your gun is. When you have your left over cents you can buy some camo's for your gun but they could get scratched! In any other words I would suggest this game! :)
game-hours: 861.1
review: Sometimes you can magically kill people with fire sticks. Sometimes you get killed by fire sticks. 10/10 ign
game-hours: 738.3
review: A true skill-builder fps game. Although I'm still building my skills as well. One of my favorite games that I like more and more after each update (unlike Payday 2). Hope this game will continue to expand to its players' demands.
game-hours: 707.7
review: best gaem evr m8. 420/10 would play agein!
game-hours: 670.7
review: This game is my most played... If you like to kill hookers and get money... You will wana be playing this game instead of having sex with you sister
game-hours: 939.6
review: This game is the best fps game on pc in my opinion. The game is very challenging the gameplay is amazing teamwork is needed .Playing with friends i recomend so you wont play with people who don't speak the same languages as you buy this game NOW!
game-hours: 74.5
review: Hello again, If you like Counter-Strike: Source, this is more of the same only much improved. There are added modes of play, but beware when starting out that you should check the key bindings right off because, for example, the buy key is by default the use key. There are other differences, but if you haven't played this series yet, I would advise to get any one of the franchise on sale before ever spending full price on this game. One of the issues is that there are random errors that pop up which Valve/Steam apparently can't fix and which will get you banned in competitive play due to no fault of your own. I've had issues with pure server errors, and I'm hoping I've resolved them. Only time will tell. It kind of sucks that Valve allows an issue to continue in competitive game play where money could ultimately be at stake and which could cause teams to lose, which places abandons in your profile, and which will get you banned ultimately and prevent you from using the license you've paid for. My advice if you can't get Steam to resolve issues with their games is to contact the Better Business Bureau first. Sometimes just the threat of doing so will get a response from customer support. Good luck if you buy this.
game-hours: 969.2
review: .
game-hours: 916.2
review: Like shooting games? Like games that allow you to choose your weapons? Like games that isn't COD? This game is for you.
game-hours: 89.2
review: Best online FPS.
game-hours: 464.9
review: Excellent. 10/10 would fist my self to this game. Top clap. Lots of  and flash bangs which covers your screen in  best porn film 2014- IGN
game-hours: 1187.3
review: Probably the best game on steam. You will play hours on end.
game-hours: 23.1
review: this game is awesome :D
game-hours: 154.3
review: "i like the bit where the guns shoot people" - 6/10
game-hours: 1645.6
review: In the beginning I did not like this game, coming from CSS. However, over time, I have come to enjoy it more than CSS, mainly due to the continued updates to the game and Matchmaking service. Also there seems to be a lot of support for it from developers and the communitiy. All in all, if you like Counter Strike or in general any tactical FPS, then this is a game you must buy. Genuinely 10/10, would recommend.
game-hours: 548.7
review: Spent a lot of time playing this recently. Competitive matchmaking lets you play challenging matches that are generally fairly even, and the multiple casual modes let you play fun games with friends.
game-hours: 1085.0
review: CS:GO is the latest entry into the Counter Strike franchise, and a worthy one at that. Guns feel and sound powerful, classic maps mixed in with the new spice things up a little, and it's oh-so rewarding when you finally master that gun you've been trying so hard to get more equipped with. Pick it up if you're looking for a challenging-but-rewarding multiplayer shooter.
game-hours: 1379.5
review: Best Game Ever :D ! train to imba bcom to imba ^_^
game-hours: 481.3
review: worth game must buy <3
game-hours: 1049.7
review: Probably Best Counter Strike ever made. I only tried it after 2 years of coming out but i have to say i made a mistake. if i know i would buy it even earlier. Skins for the wapons are also a great idea from valve.
game-hours: 714.3
review: Always been a Counter-Strike fan, played them all and this is my favorite one by so far and this brought me back to the series after a long break. Absolutely love the competetive matchmaking to find players to almost equal skill level as you and the feature to party up with your friends and play a game (casual or competetive) with them. And the "new" game modes are also fun and the fact that you can search official CS servers and the community made ones. The game is good, but they need to buff the shotties a little bit (except the Mag-7) cause I'm tired of getting 80-98 damage point blank (espacially with the Nova)! Shotties are made to kill with one shot or medium damage with fast followup shots. :c (okay rant part is over) Summary: I love this game alrdy even tho only 70 hours in the bank, but it has its problems like every game out there. If you like fps games and/or Counter-Strike give this game a try and be brave and try out the competetive matchmaking too! :3
game-hours: 6.1
review: Alright, so here it is... Counter-Strike: a game where you shoot people. Counter-Strike Condition Zero: a game where you shoot people, but this time it has a single-player option. Counter-Strike Source: a game where you shoot people, but with a slight graphical update and ragdoll physics. And Counter-Strike Global Offensive: A game where you shoot people, has a graphical update and ragdoll physics, and DOESN'T SUCK! 4 Rootin' Tootin' McLovin's out of 5
game-hours: 173.8
review: If you're an american and like counter striking on a global stage, this is your offensive, or be a terrorist and bomb random unknown locations.-IGN 7/10 Not like call of duty
game-hours: 172.4
review: no.1 fps game of today's world..!!!!!!
game-hours: 820.0
review: shoot people and they die 10/10
game-hours: 649.8
review: Best chicken simulator, 10/10.
game-hours: 49.9
review: I love it's GRAPHICS and SOUNDS <3
game-hours: 590.2
review: Strategy and patience is how you win in this game... Or you could just spray, whatever suits you.
game-hours: 132.6
review: mate so you've just come home from ing work, the mrs is on ya nuts for not spending time with ya ing kids, some mate called ya  in traffic, ya commodore broke down on the way back from the worksite, ya  dingo won't shut the  up but you know what, mate? it's ing straya day ya fire up the  barby crack open a cold beer and spend $50 on some  cases get a karambit and shoot some  and it makes everything alright this game is good
game-hours: 76.8
review: in ShootMan3, we are faced with a bigger threat than ever before; the shootman. the shootman(tm) is the real shootman and whants to kill all not-shootmen. you, as shootman-man, must shoot shootman before shootman can shoot you, shootman-man. the additions from the last shootman (ShootMan2)(tm) include captivating and immersive features like movement, shooting, drm, online and vision. truly a good look at what the wiiu is capable of this is the best game zynga has ever put out. 12/10 literally next gen.
game-hours: 1494.0
review: Most Addicted GAME EVER
game-hours: 533.9
review: INSANE game, very enjoyable to play, more fun is if you play competive or ESEA with your friends. Recommend to buy it, definitely worth buying this game.
game-hours: 118.4
review: great game glad christian told me about this
game-hours: 8.3
review: Best first person shooter !!! 10/11
game-hours: 103.6
review: Great game for $14.99
game-hours: 79.1
review: Was  on release, now an actual polished good FPS. Finally we have a quality FPS that will grow huge in esports.
game-hours: 11.5
review: You can shoot people in this game c:
game-hours: 1738.8
review: Best game ever. If you learn to play this very good, if u transfer to bf series or cod series you will be a pro. :3
game-hours: 242.4
review: best game ever 10\12 - asaingamerstudios
game-hours: 639.0
review: Kai
game-hours: 227.3
review: Was losing 14-1 at Half-Time, enemy team screamed things like, "noobs" and "we reking you scrubs" over their mics. Brought it back to win 16-14. Never screamed noobs so hard in my life.
game-hours: 2587.2
review: Absolutely magnificent FPS game! The game supports many options to compare and improve your skill, both casual and competetive-wise. Additionally, community server and workshop offer a vast selection of different maps and gamemodes.
game-hours: 390.4
review: ing start playing some error  come up okay i start sliding around like ice skating then i get a 24 hour cooldown for no reason i wait the cooldown play comp start play plus its a money waster put in 10$ worth of keys unbox and get 5c wepons in return  you gaben you do nothing to help with these ing errors!
game-hours: 90.1
review: if you like call of duty... dont play this game it has good gameplay requires skill and it has cease fire! Good maps and no kill streaks...
game-hours: 548.4
review: killed a chicken with a flash grenade 10/10
game-hours: 10.4
review: First of all, note that graphon really managed. And not even in terms of the "cruisey" hi-endnote graphics, but in terms of quality of work of designers, mappers, modelers, and others. Because the maps look really good, modelki weapons and players are also good (that is, in fact, they just made qualitatively and of themselves are good, but look if they do well in this game is another question) - in short, graton I liked, despite the fact that generally Counter Strike is not a game where important grafon. At least, there is no such flatulence, excessive brightness, as in Source - graphon GO just a nice, where you have the gloomy, where it is bright. In General, good graton, normal, pleases the eye and the stars from the sky is not enough. And the map is very good. That is, as. Most of the maps in GO are copies of classic maps from 1.6. However, in contrast to the same Source environment and the design altered almost completely - if the Source just got my texture, added normal Sormovsky features like lying all over the map garbage, there is virtually completely redesigned the concept and idea cards, leaving almost intact the original structure of the map. For example, de_dust2. In 1.6 and Source is a common Eastern city with pointed domes and intricate paintings a La cartoons about Aladdin. In GO, this map looks like a very levels of some CoD 4, because now this is not the tale of Aladdin, but rather dilapidated streets of, say, Syria. In this respect GO a head taller than their predecessors, meaning you have a lot of attention in the cards given to the parts that compose positive impression. Most of the maps in GO are copies of classic maps from 1.6. However, in contrast to the same Source environment and the design altered almost completely - if the Source just got my texture, added normal Sormovsky features like lying all over the map garbage, there is virtually completely redesigned the concept and idea cards, leaving almost intact the original structure of the map. For example, de_dust2. In 1.6 and Source is a common Eastern city with pointed domes and intricate paintings a La cartoons about Aladdin. In GO, this map looks like a very levels of some CoD 4, because now this is not the tale of Aladdin, but rather dilapidated streets of, say, Syria. In this respect GO a head taller than their predecessors, meaning you have a lot of attention in the cards given to the parts that compose positive impression. All salt that GO missing... Like to call it, nanowaste. 1.6 was very simple, very cozy, home to some; Source immediately I did not like - but even he was closer to 1.6. GO looks more like a reincarnation of some Kalouti in the setting of Counter Strike, but not the reincarnation of 1.6, which oldpage will cry tears of joy and childishly happy face to fill the REP, laying bombs. It rather smacks of a banal desire to cut money for the same game for the third time, as would be sad as that sounds Another thing I want to say - GO is very ambiguous in terms of its scall. I.e. developers, for example, wanted to add in a new game mods from the old games that were very popular. This well. But they added for some reason only the GunGame mode - it is here we must pay tribute, implemented well and about no less popular ZombieMod, DeathRun, JailBreak somehow forgot. It seems that the developers do not know how to make the game was close in spirit to the original, but it has pleased the fans of modern soulless postrelushka and add a little bit of everything in the blind hope that this trick will work. Now added, for example, GunGame. Here graton pulled. Well. The REP and iCloud too. But what pushed statistics and ranks these ing. Added new weapon. Why dog on earth, added, everything seems so normal it was. But no - added some idiotic tactical grenades-blende, some Molotov cocktails, which, BL**u, I've never let nobody uses zapili some popsource trailers on YouTube that all so spot on and crap - Oh, what a new counter-Strick soap-cool, go-ka przekazu and get the cannon in TF2. But the whole point of the game is that not myltse, and not even in puschka! Here such pies. Well, something like that. I think of my words and colour illustrations can in principle be what is no idea of Global Offensive. Actually, to make it even with the beta, then I even review I wanted to write, but somehow it never happened. In General, after the beta, not much has changed. Popisil nasty bugs, added new pictures to the main menu (Oh yeah), all other nonsense - but the game itself remains the same. And even then, at the stage of beta, you can understand what is still feil. Because Valve have tried to keep up with two rabbits and make a game that would love and ardent fans of the series, and fans of the new-fangled postrelushka. And chip, fellas, that, for example, those lovers of the postrelushka will not find in the "new" game is none favorite Blokov or hurricane some gameplay or killstreaks, equipment, single campaign in General, starburst solid, and only. And the old farts in the new game will not find the spirit of the old school, old models of weapons, any hints, rasprygat and other joys of life. And it is not clear to me, boys, for whom this game is made. And no, I'm not saying this game is bad, not at all, it is able to inspire, and not even for one night, and maybe even someone to buy the box with the game, which will be even smell good - but from the Studio named Valve everybody has come to expect more. Summing up short, so to say, the verdict, CS:GO is a game for a generation who does not know what B-5-1 and dablack. The only question is, lol, do I need itself GO to this generation.
game-hours: 93.4
review: Game is really fun and has a very good competive match
game-hours: 236.4
review: gg
game-hours: 639.1
review: CS:GO is a very fun game to play with your friends. Competitive shows teamwork a lot more than any other game, and also the feeling of accomplishment when you get kills are fantastic. I strongly recommend this game if you are deciding whether you should get it or not.
game-hours: 2130.1
review: very best
game-hours: 539.6
review: For someone who played Counter-Strike for years, Counter-Strike Global Offensive is the succesion of that legendary game. VALVe perfectly knew that people wanted the real gameplay of Counter-Strike, and they did it good in CS:GO. The gamemodes are awesome, especially the matchmaking. Overwatch is something revolutionary to avoid cheaters, but there are still some that are not respecting fair-play. I recommend CS:GO to every people who want to see what a real FPS is.
game-hours: 1850.6
review: I just noticed that I haven't recommended this yet. Well, not much to say eitherways. It's not like it's my favourite online FPS of all time or anything! I never played much of the previous games of the franchise but I think I can safely say that CS: GO is a huge improvement in comparison to the previous games, not only in terms of graphical fidelity but also in terms of gameplay, map design, weapon design and overall everything. You know how Valve is eitherways, even though it was Hidden Path Entertainment who developed CS: GO I believe Valve still has some saying on how they did it and how they keep on improving it. The game still is regularly updated, mostly due to community feedback and competetive gamers and profissional players feedback and suggestions. They not only keep optimizing the maps but also they keep tweaking each weapon which is both good and bad, it's mainly bad because it will take some time to get used to how the gun works post patch. I only have some small complaints about the game, the matchmaking system and the hit registration on servers seems to be pretty bad, I've heard from other people that in LAN games CS: GO hit registrations are perfect, one of the best, if not the best out there. Other than that I'm hyped to see how the game will progress and how the hardcore community will react to future updates. Counter Strike: Global Offensive is obviously not a game for everyone, if you're looking for a casual experience you're better off playing Call of Duty or Battlefield, CS: GO requires time, practice and skill. That said, I cannot recommend this game enough, I simply love it.
game-hours: 14.5
review: Counter Strike: Global Offensive is a new sequel made game from the previous Counter Strike games, Terroists and Counter Terrorists will try to eliminate the opposing team, terrorists will have a objective to either defend the captured Hostages or plant a Bomb to destroy a town. Counter Terrorists will have the objective to Defuse a Bomb when it gets planted or rescue the Hostages to a safe zone. Customized Weapons are also a good feature. 10/10 I find this as good as TF2
game-hours: 1100.9
review: great game did good
game-hours: 862.7
review: Awesome game, big upgrade from 1.6.
game-hours: 691.5
review: Pew Pew !
game-hours: 1087.2
review: Goodbye social life , 10/10
game-hours: 701.8
review: This game is epic, but the rank system takes a while to realise that you are pro.
game-hours: 1366.9
review: Half decent community, addictive gameplay. Ruined my life.
game-hours: 54.4
review: This game is so cool. I really like competitive mode! It features amazing maps like: de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, AND de_dust2!
game-hours: 225.9
review: This version is a shame to the Counter Strike franchise, terrible map design where all ways to the bombsites are extremely claustrophobic and makes the game extremely CT sided together with powerfull smokes and fire grenades, not to mention useless flashbangs dont help the T side at all, bullet spread is completely wrong and overdone, you can spray 30 bullets into an opponent and only hit 1 or 2 bullets and skilled players are no longer able to clutch 1 vs X situations compared to CS 1.6, unbalanced weapons like MAG7 and P90, wallbanging was for the most part "removed", and sound positioning is terrible too. There are just too many wrong things with this game, if it wasnt for the skins and market system and valve spending money on tournaments this game would have never become popular. Hope this game stops being supported and valve releases a new proper version with help of the competitive community.
game-hours: 36.2
review: Nice Fps and action with many experience Game...
game-hours: 1571.8
review: dfhpnhfgfnjhg
game-hours: 1206.3
review: STOP BAITING ME YOU STUPID ING IDIOTS
game-hours: 345.3
review: in-game knives are more expensive than RL knives 10/10
game-hours: 452.6
review: Got yelled at by a girl who was bottom fragger, 10/10.
game-hours: 910.5
review: Bought This Game 2 Weeks Later I Can Talk Russian And Swedish :) <3
game-hours: 1123.2
review: Just get the game and try it out. I recommend you to play!
game-hours: 1007.2
review: Bitte? Was haben Sie gesagt?
game-hours: 722.9
review: If you like FPS and strategy games this is the one for you!
game-hours: 284.4
review: very dank
game-hours: 843.0
review: +Lots of reaction time and skill based gameplay +Constant updates to 'Team-Sided' maps +Skins and Workshop support -VAC misses a lot of cheaters through the loopholes -Doesn't have same competitive rules as Dota 2, making it feel dated -Keys and Drops are the Devil
game-hours: 10.4
review: This is the new game of the award winning COUNTER STRIKES You play as a terrorist like Bin-Laden or a counter-terrorist who counters the terrorists. You buy guns and shoot the enemy until they're dead or the terrorists plant the bomb. There are different gamemodes though!!! Such as gun game where you shoot someone and your gun transforms IN YOUR HANDS into another gun and you shoot more. Good game
game-hours: 580.4
review: Plays a lot like 1.6, weapons shoot true to life, many modes to choose from so as not to be easily bored. ++++
game-hours: 174.3
review: Lavina, Justina, Lesqueesha and the tribe folk of the robinson family recomend this game. we never gove up our land in the dream time and we don't in csgo were fighting for a treaty, rainbow serpant looks down to us in grace and feeds us and supplys us spears. barramundi/10 = good tucker.
game-hours: 428.9
review: BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM HEADSHOT!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1228.2
review: kerembet
game-hours: 1900.8
review: one of the best FPS games i have ever played :D but u should have atleast 1 friend to play with you or its gonna be pretty boring :D but still u should buy it
game-hours: 411.7
review: 9\10
game-hours: 1019.0
review: I've gone through at least 3 keyboards, purchased 4 seperate copies, spent >50 on skins and subscribed to 4 CS:GO twitch.tv channels, all because of this one game. What can I say? It's the purest FPS shooter that money can buy. No killstreaks, no deathstreaks, no commander mode, no marksman bonuses, nothing. You buy a gun, aim it at someone's head, and BANG; the person with the highest skill level level will make it out alive. That's why the game is still so popular. If you enjoy the FPS genre, do yourself a favour... Buy this game.
game-hours: 1769.1
review: sorta
game-hours: 1824.1
review: 9/10 would recommend -1 because of hackers, russians and french people.
game-hours: 104.8
review: Is so bandito friendly, EYYYYYYYYYYYY BANDITOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
game-hours: 0.9
review: i dont even have this game
game-hours: 1241.8
review: You could totally satisfy your fetish for chickens in this game. Subtly that is.
game-hours: 220.0
review: THIS GAME WILL ALWAYS HAVE A PLACE IN MY HART AND IN MY WALLET 10/10
game-hours: 580.6
review: matchmacking
game-hours: 199.2
review: I tried going competitive and like really focus on improving, didn't actually go so well for me but great game though. My friends are crazy over this and it is really fun to watch. FPS taken to a whole new level, realistic and requires real skill. You say you've played "insert fps game here" and say you are good, really good? Well don't get your hopes up because you suck here! Mechanics are good, game play is good, learning curve is not that complicated, you just need a lot of practice. Like a lot. P.S. Always carry a defusal kit.. or take from a dead teammate.
game-hours: 1131.7
review: I've created a strong love for this game, there is something about it to where it doesn't get boring because there's always a great feeling making big plays and being in a 1v3, having your heart racing and being extremely excited you just want more. Im here to say this game is not for everyone but if you want to get into it this is the time. There's always plenty of new players flowing in and learning the game. There are some things that really will ruin your experience and that would be cheaters. Don't be a cheater its good to know the game and gain the skill insteasd of using hacks to improve gameplay. But when you get a truly good match its 15-15 you know you want to win and its super tense thats when you get a love for the game. But if i were you i would truly try to stay away from matchmaking once your past eagle simply because there's to many cheaters and its gotten worse of the years. so i highly recommend deathmatching alot play matchmaking while your unranked or a silver for practice. learn angles, spray control, nade flash spots, team flashing tends to happen alot make sure you avoid that was much as possble. But i highly recommend this game its countless hours of fun expecially with your friends. But the number one rule is never give up your going to die alot there's always going to be better players then you thats why you indure your lack of skill and set a goal to be better then those other players. Also always be positive while doing a competitive matchmake never say good game (gg) just because you lost 3 rounds in a row that kills your attitude and your teams! Which will only guarentee a loss. Also have good sportsmanship like, nice shot (ns), good luck have fun (glhf), good half (gh). And remember this games a learning curve so never give up! because you will excel at the game at some point. So just jeep deathmatching learning map calls gaining game sense and learning angles and NEVER let someone bring you down ignore people who trash talk and make you feel like . always stay positive because you will be big someday... you've just got to own it.
game-hours: 884.1
review: CS:GO is love, CS:GO is life.
game-hours: 1439.9
review: <3
game-hours: 171.5
review: best weapon skin simulator on steam
game-hours: 727.9
review: I recommend this game to everyone :) I play for about 1 year , and im still silver 2 but , i like this game !! 9/10
game-hours: 946.0
review: i just wish this game had a story line its always like why are we here? why are we fighting these terrorist? why are they blowing up these tcrates?
game-hours: 63.7
review: Loved this game !!
game-hours: 656.1
review: GOOD GAME :))
game-hours: 876.4
review: if you dont have skins people will call you bad
game-hours: 1018.2
review: This game is cheap and worth your money, just look at the hours I have! You will probably be stuck on competitive with the addiction to get that Global Elite. The game updates and most people have mics. This game requires team cooperation. Rating = 8.9/10
game-hours: 537.0
review: 11/10 Best Teammate Knifing Simulator
game-hours: 1033.1
review: Valve serves up a no frills, pure skills, truly enjoyable and all-consuming shooter for your fragging needs. Although, if you are in competitive mode, expect to get owned (which makes the ranking system a point of pride for the community). As a ten year cs noob, I implore you to buy this title: Ziggy-Zoggy, Ziggy-Zoggy, One of us!
game-hours: 594.7
review: gets your adrenaline pumping, after you get THAT kill its like you're a newborn with mad-skillz o,O
game-hours: 106.4
review: WHERES THE BOMB
game-hours: 508.4
review: . that means you are a stupid , i learnt that from this game so many russians........ so many russians........ 6.9/10 would play again,  the chickens, this game stole my money for cases good job gaben, would play again after i get more money so many russians........ is this enough already? dont play the game, open cases, you will uninstall eventually, youre welcome goodbye (so many russians........)
game-hours: 2366.9
review: Amazing to be able to play with strangers from all over the world but this community is the worst I have ever seen ;/
game-hours: 2746.4
review: best shooter in which I played all advise
game-hours: 1578.5
review: Great game, requires teamplay and good tactics :)
game-hours: 946.0
review: i just wish this game had a story line its always like why are we here? why are we fighting these terrorist? why are they blowing up these tcrates?
game-hours: 1016.7
review: A shooter like you have never played before. Extremely tactical and team oreiented. 9/10
game-hours: 836.6
review: Counter-Strike is well-known to be the best competitive modern First Person Ego Shooter. Obviously 'competitive' is stressed. This means the game is very hard for the beginners, because of its depth. You simply cannot jump into that game without any knowledge or guide... you can do that on casual ones tough. And there are too many of these out there. E-Sports is also the priority of the game. It is also responsible for the extreme balance and balance fixes that Valve takes care off. This is a significant factor to keep the game enjoyable on the long term. Of course you can run and gun with a P90 or camp with the autosniper, which is easy, but good players can defend themselves well. Some have great crosshair placement to eliminate the threat with a simple click: - "Boom. Headshot." Not only crosshair placement, but also the recoil control, the positioning, the movement or let's just shorten it, the whole experience and skills can differenciate a CS veteran and a simple amateur. These skills and experince need to be trained otherwise you end up being punished. Badly. The main focus of the game is the competitive mode, where you play with four teammates against five enemies for up to an hour. Talking about teammates, playing with friends is the best thing you can do there. In most games the team isn't as important as in CS:GO. Everybody is important since it's 5vs5 and not more. YOU NEED TO COMMUNICATE. This is the actual key to victory aswell as having a glorious match! There are too many strangers who do destroy the game experience and like every competitive game, they can be toxic. After winning a while, you'll get a rank which allows you to play with people with the same skill set as you do. Well, most of the time; I'm talking about smurfers. Those aren't a long term problem tough - they'll get to a certain rank and then it's useless, but can be used for trolling... Luckily I haven't met many trolls. Back to the ranks: I have a certain statement about these. I wish they added team ranking aswell as solo rank just as they did in Dota 2. Oh, they should definitively add more clan functions like the other game I mentioned. Hacks are a minor problems there - Overwatch will take care of it, but someone has to suffer until the hacker gets banned... Many outsiders think that CS has bad graphics. I don't think so since CS:GO. They're decent and acceptable and every other thing makes this "problem" up. The source engine is not bugfree of course, but is has been proven to be relatively reliable. It should not be forgotten that CS can run on many hardware flawless. Skins and operations are not required to be paid - you'll get drops and if your friend has an operation, you still can play with him/her. Skins can be obtained by simply playing, betting through CSGOlounge, buying from the steam market, steam trading and by opening boxes. The boxes require keys, which cost 2 Euros each. You can get a really expensive skins, mediocre skins and skins that you wish you could undo it. Chances are that you end up at the third option and are trying to build a time machine. Operations are seasons passes with maps provided by the community. These only last for a while. I must say that is good idea that the community can earn money from valve by providing maps and skins... when it's successful enough. All in all CS:GO is a good buy if you're willing to spend enough time on it. It'll come to fruition and become a rewarding game. Some matches can ruin it tough. Valve proves again for being one of the greatest video game developer.
game-hours: 1635.0
review: Great 10++
game-hours: 738.3
review: A true skill-builder fps game. Although I'm still building my skills as well. One of my favorite games that I like more and more after each update (unlike Payday 2). Hope this game will continue to expand to its players' demands.
game-hours: 707.7
review: best gaem evr m8. 420/10 would play agein!
game-hours: 1016.7
review: A shooter like you have never played before. Extremely tactical and team oreiented. 9/10
game-hours: 836.6
review: Counter-Strike is well-known to be the best competitive modern First Person Ego Shooter. Obviously 'competitive' is stressed. This means the game is very hard for the beginners, because of its depth. You simply cannot jump into that game without any knowledge or guide... you can do that on casual ones tough. And there are too many of these out there. E-Sports is also the priority of the game. It is also responsible for the extreme balance and balance fixes that Valve takes care off. This is a significant factor to keep the game enjoyable on the long term. Of course you can run and gun with a P90 or camp with the autosniper, which is easy, but good players can defend themselves well. Some have great crosshair placement to eliminate the threat with a simple click: - "Boom. Headshot." Not only crosshair placement, but also the recoil control, the positioning, the movement or let's just shorten it, the whole experience and skills can differenciate a CS veteran and a simple amateur. These skills and experince need to be trained otherwise you end up being punished. Badly. The main focus of the game is the competitive mode, where you play with four teammates against five enemies for up to an hour. Talking about teammates, playing with friends is the best thing you can do there. In most games the team isn't as important as in CS:GO. Everybody is important since it's 5vs5 and not more. YOU NEED TO COMMUNICATE. This is the actual key to victory aswell as having a glorious match! There are too many strangers who do destroy the game experience and like every competitive game, they can be toxic. After winning a while, you'll get a rank which allows you to play with people with the same skill set as you do. Well, most of the time; I'm talking about smurfers. Those aren't a long term problem tough - they'll get to a certain rank and then it's useless, but can be used for trolling... Luckily I haven't met many trolls. Back to the ranks: I have a certain statement about these. I wish they added team ranking aswell as solo rank just as they did in Dota 2. Oh, they should definitively add more clan functions like the other game I mentioned. Hacks are a minor problems there - Overwatch will take care of it, but someone has to suffer until the hacker gets banned... Many outsiders think that CS has bad graphics. I don't think so since CS:GO. They're decent and acceptable and every other thing makes this "problem" up. The source engine is not bugfree of course, but is has been proven to be relatively reliable. It should not be forgotten that CS can run on many hardware flawless. Skins and operations are not required to be paid - you'll get drops and if your friend has an operation, you still can play with him/her. Skins can be obtained by simply playing, betting through CSGOlounge, buying from the steam market, steam trading and by opening boxes. The boxes require keys, which cost 2 Euros each. You can get a really expensive skins, mediocre skins and skins that you wish you could undo it. Chances are that you end up at the third option and are trying to build a time machine. Operations are seasons passes with maps provided by the community. These only last for a while. I must say that is good idea that the community can earn money from valve by providing maps and skins... when it's successful enough. All in all CS:GO is a good buy if you're willing to spend enough time on it. It'll come to fruition and become a rewarding game. Some matches can ruin it tough. Valve proves again for being one of the greatest video game developer.
game-hours: 1028.2
review: The game you waste more money on weapons than the game itself. 400$/10
game-hours: 698.7
review: - 64 tickrate - Russians - Cheaters - Cheating russians - OP Boosts - Glitches - Kids - Smurfs - Ranking system - (Working) VAC - Skill depends on luck + SKINS !!!!!!!!!!11 11/10
game-hours: 108.7
review: Gerekten zevkli ve harika grafiklere sahip bir oyun. Paranz olursa aln kesinlikle tavsiye ediyorum.
game-hours: 232.8
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10
game-hours: 781.3
review: i cri :(
game-hours: 186.2
review: Hard online skill based game, funny and tense; Counter-Strike is back with a nice community (RUSSIANS), lovely!
game-hours: 170.8
review: pay 2 win
game-hours: 1306.0
review: Bang bang, pew pew, shot 'em and get shouted at by some toxic 13yr old Russians. Best eva.
game-hours: 429.4
review: Me como todos los headshots con p90 pero est bastante bueno. me roban todos los nenes 10/10
game-hours: 183.7
review: This games in sick ay
game-hours: 2159.4
review: <3
game-hours: 520.4
review: Good.
game-hours: 643.2
review: Nice game and popular one, Highly Recommended (PRO TIP: Never open cases)
game-hours: 1951.7
review: Its a classic. ive sunk way too many hours into this game and i will continue too. Its frustrating, its a brutal game that will tell you when you're crap and when you're good. Its a great game with some good communities. Its only 15 dollars. Its a must have for any gamer that likes a good FPS. This along with the previous cs games are the king of the FPS.
game-hours: 152.2
review: When it was First Released 'Counter-Strike' in few days it was so popular then they Created it on new Engine more realistic movememnts and realitic physics, and two years ago they came to Here Counter Strike Global Offensive which is serious game compared to its older versions, it have Clans , Competetive gaming and also Weapons which are in every COlor. 10/10
game-hours: 1334.0
review: Ihan hiton hyv peli ehk vh vaikea alkuun mutta kyll se siitt :)
game-hours: 2491.6
review: WORTH
game-hours: 97.4
review: An amazing Game for the Series.It is one of the best in the Counter Strike games.New Weapons, Amazing Graphics,New Gamemodes,And it has Ragdoll Physics!! Imagine if it doesn't have the physics.
game-hours: 503.0
review: .      ,   !      ,      .    -          . ,   ,    !  ,        !      ,     !      ,      ! Translation : rush B -Russia 2014
game-hours: 3723.9
review: this is one of the best games so far !!!
game-hours: 382.2
review: intresting game and we love it but valve really need to work more on a lot of issues with vac system and need to make more creative ideas.
game-hours: 639.0
review: Kai
game-hours: 227.5
review: Was losing 14-1 at Half-Time, enemy team screamed things like, "noobs" and "we reking you scrubs" over their mics. Brought it back to win 16-14. Never screamed noobs so hard in my life.
game-hours: 2587.2
review: Absolutely magnificent FPS game! The game supports many options to compare and improve your skill, both casual and competetive-wise. Additionally, community server and workshop offer a vast selection of different maps and gamemodes.
game-hours: 390.4
review: ing start playing some error  come up okay i start sliding around like ice skating then i get a 24 hour cooldown for no reason i wait the cooldown play comp start play plus its a money waster put in 10$ worth of keys unbox and get 5c wepons in return  you gaben you do nothing to help with these ing errors!
game-hours: 238.5
review: Ruined my Life 10/10
game-hours: 1386.0
review: 11/10 - would waste my childhood again.
game-hours: 103.6
review: Great game for $14.99
game-hours: 1355.5
review: Got into a casual match and got kicked for being AFK. I just joined the game.
game-hours: 20.9
review: .    . (  )
game-hours: 408.9
review: Very good game Recommend!
game-hours: 790.0
review: 10/10 Best team/tactic based FPS also aim and physics are good, Awesome shooter with great intense moments. Must have!
game-hours: 959.8
review: Counter Strike is a very nice game Each game has its advantages but also its disadvantages Advantages: You have many options to play Counter Strike. You can make competitions, can be played on normal and abnormal funny servers You get temporarily weapons or boxes that you can use in the game Disadvantages: Disadvantages include the Steam or Valve occasionally have problems with the servers ..... It has also cheaters who get nothing in life to the series and want to achieve something in the game Although it has more pros and cons but I think that's enough I recommend it to anyone but do not become addicted;) So have fun with it
game-hours: 702.0
review: The game itself: 8/10 Community: 0.5/10
game-hours: 823.0
review: CS:GO (Counter-Strike: Global Offensive) is an (Online) First Person Shooter game. The game is very simular to the other Counter-Strike games out there, but this one is special, it has new maps, new types of playstyle, a great community & ofcourse skins. It's basically the type of game that you could play for hours and still never get bored of it (thanks to a growing community, new maps etc.) This game isn't a hardcore ''MLG-Pro 720 NoScope'' Simulator like Call of Duty (No offense to the CoD community) This is basically an awesome game. Now to the part why you should buy it.. As I wrote before, you could play for hours and still enjoy it. This game is not too expensive yet not too cheap. It could get expensive, if you get into buying skins and such, but that's just your choice. GAMEPLAY: Gun sounds are good you could recognize every gun, and pretty realistic. (Atleast in my opinion) Sound quality is good, especially if you have good quality headphones. (Footsteps etc. is good to listen to for improved gameplay) Aiming and such is very diffrent to other games but is easy to master if you change your crosshair and your sensitivity to what you like and feel comfortable with. ________________________________________________________ Overall a very good game. Worth the money. 9.8/10 - ChipFlexes
game-hours: 261.8
review: Hands down the best game ive ever played...If you love FPS with dynamic gameplay this is the game for you...The competitive aspect gives the player more interest in the game!
game-hours: 747.6
review: Is gude gaym, mak me fel hapy. I lyk it cuz i kil peepl. I di al the tym tho, mak me sadfacpanda. Momy get med wen i cus at puny fegitz in gaym cuz dey kil't me too gude. Wen momy med i get medder. Den i punch her in de fac. Sory momy. 11.2364324/10 wuld play gen sinc momy no aliv anymo. tanks. Du yu giv me moni now for doin a revewe?
game-hours: 835.3
review: this game makes my nipples hard as duck
game-hours: 1215.4
review: 11/10 Would lose ingame skins betting on teams again!
game-hours: 612.0
review: I simply can not stop playing this game, amazing.
game-hours: 1944.0
review: Freakin' awesome game! Not quite like World of Warcraft, but still awesome. The whole World of Warcraft concept is taken away, you cant loot gear or doing a raid. Instead its all about first person shooting. GLHF
game-hours: 634.6
review: Killed the entire enemy team, a teammate jumped 230 times and he got MVP. 10/10
game-hours: 1351.2
review: A Must Have for anyone who calls themselves a competitive gamer or just a gamer in general. Definitely the most satisfying feeling when you get kills in this game.
game-hours: 529.1
review: (   ) ur mum lieks this game (   ) (   ) u should buy it (   ) (   ) worth every penny (   ) -a dingo
game-hours: 136.9
review: Very deep storyline about the life of a desperate n00b who wants asimov skins. I r8 8/8 would play
game-hours: 1511.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 12.9
review: CG:GO is a blast to the past; a nod to the old-school days of the late 90's, and it's more than welcome in my gaming livery. Whilst I love COD and Titanfall, there's something uniquely compelling about starting up a match of CS:GO, with it's deliberate and stayed pacing, and it's risk vs reward gameplay mechanics, it's no wonder this game has taken off for the 3rd time in it's lifecycle. It's popular right now for a reason, and that reason is good. A must-buy.
game-hours: 691.6
review: Favorite current FPS but not all time. All of the game modes that the game offers are fun if you enjoy the game and often made updates to the game are satisfying (Operation packs). Aside from cheaters and griefers, who you'll come across surely, matchmaking is my favorite along side with Casual. Community servers offer a lot of fun maps and game modes as well such as: zombie; de_surf; de_rats; etc. The game offers a bonus mini-game which is called "Unboxing A Case". If you choose to play it you will often be left with disappointment and questions raised by your family such as "Where has all the money gone?". Some say the ecstasy you recieve from winning some of the rarest items in the game is worth the tears you cry after opening some of these cases. Legend says that by selling the most valuable item recieved from the "Unboxing A Case" game you'll have enough money to buy ever game on Steam. 10/10, would open more.
game-hours: 1635.0
review: Great 10++
game-hours: 2222.3
review: Has sucked more time out of me then id like to admit, but it's a blast to play. Worth well over the $15 price tag
game-hours: 1739.4
review: best game if u a pro xD But beware of scammer,phisters and sharkers if you are trading in csgo
game-hours: 1394.2
review: A game for the competetive aspect. Players generally have bad or horrid manners. Do not expect a civilized experience.
game-hours: 504.1
review: GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD. GO is GOD
game-hours: 52.5
review: Fire in the hole! Epic one for all the CS addicts.
game-hours: 1154.9
review: Awesome game , good for fps (first person shooter) gamer and also have awesome skins for all weapons. Really recommend this game for fps lover , try it :D 10/10
game-hours: 752.3
review: Definitely a great game. This game is a step up from the typical shoot-em-up Call of Duty games. A bit more of a learning curb, but I would definitely recommend. Ranked matches, competetive play, casual play, and unique random reward systems.
game-hours: 2424.8
review: i enjoyed playing this game i have my star now i am so happy this game is great
game-hours: 886.4
review: Counter-Strike's newborn. Weapon handling and Movement are nearly perfect. No Aiming down Sights (besides the Sniperrifles) and really hard Recoil/Bulletspread that you can learn to control. It has a hard learning curve but after some time you can get the hang of it. The competitve Matchmaking is really easy to use and you get most of the time people who are in your skill group. After 10 competitive wins you get thrown into a skillgroup. Now you can rank up or get downranked, depends on your skill ingame. You can collect Skins for you weapons. They don't have a advantage. There are some skins called Stattrak that you can just get through opening cases with a key. They have a little killcounter on the weapon that well, count your kills that you made with that weapon. Cases can drop , just like skins, after a match. (BUT NO AFTER EVERY MATCH AND THERE IS A DROP LIMIT PER WEEK!) If you really want a fancy dandy skin, like a M4A4 Asiimov or a special knife(rarest thing you can get) you can either gamble and open cases with bought keys, buy your favourite skins on the Steam market or use the trade-up contract. With the contract (that you can find in your Global offensive inventory ingame) you can trade 10 weapons from one collection for a new better quality weapon from that collection.
game-hours: 547.8
review: Only recently started playing this! Its totally addictive. Love it.
game-hours: 566.2
review: 10/10 Joined A Match Full team of russians. best SUUKA simulator ever made.
game-hours: 594.2
review: Definitely way better than other web FPS's
game-hours: 100.3
review: Its a good game ok?
game-hours: 751.5
review: Are there Chickens in it? Yes? Ohh then it is the best fps game ever!
game-hours: 302.9
review: Really fun game to play with your friends and tryhard on, takes some time to get the gist of it [if you havent played the CS series before] but other than that pretty fun to pop some heads and shiz. crap ton of smurfs recently but meh if they cant beat their own rank just means they got carried to it :P still a fun game with a team, buy it now while its still on sale or gaben will murder you with his nipple.
game-hours: 915.7
review: Made me realize that the cyrillic alphabet causes brain cancer. 5/5 would  .
game-hours: 352.1
review: russian insulting simulator 2015.
game-hours: 1031.2
review: Okay, time for a real review. This is the first Counter-Strike game I actually got into, and I never realized what I'd been missing all these years. The mechanics of this game make it unlike any other franchise avalible today. But with a game this big, that just means more people and more problems. I'm am currently Distinguished Master Guardian at the time of writing this review, and I can firmly say that each game I play in matchmaking is either against at least one smurf (someone of a high rank on a new account playing against lower ranked players) or a hacker. Sure, there are external matchmaking services like ESEA, CEVO, or FaceIT, but the in-game matchmaking should still be playable. That being said, if you don't already own this game, I would highly suggest getting it, but if you find that you like it a lot, and want to get better, be prepared to play a lot. This is not a game you can just pick up and be amazing at like Call of Duty or any other arcade shooter. You actually have to invest time into this game if you want to play competive matches and get better at the game. For one thing, you shoot while you are moving, and you also need to learn how to control the spray pattern of your weapons, because bullets DO NOT stay on your crosshair. Closing words, this is a fantastic game, with it's flaws of course. Very solid gameplay mechanics that helped shape PC FPSs today, but also ran by a company which is known for not being transparent with their customers. If you really want to get into this game and learn what it's all about, find some friends and start playing, because soon you won't be able to go 3 days without playing a match. glhf.
game-hours: 641.4
review: it's good
game-hours: 812.1
review: 10/10 Good Graphics. Good Registry. Bad Lag. Bad Team mates. Smurfing has totaly screwed up MM. If I go alone, either get against a smurf, hacker, or have a mentally challenged team. I've lost a game with over 50 frags. Other then that, the trolls, and general rude people that you'll occasionally meet on any game, It's a good game overall. Overwatch is fun, and helps the community. Would buy again. You should buy this. And some skins from the market. and keys. And some more items.. GG VALVE.
game-hours: 780.7
review: Recommended FPS games for first person shooters.This game is packed with action,and more stuffs.Buy weapon's skins and use them in-game.This is really one of my favourite FPS games of all the time.Really,no jokes.You will love this game!
game-hours: 537.3
review: good fun game to play with friends, sometimes matchmaking can make me want to hurt myself though. c:
game-hours: 1147.5
review: great game, love to play it all the time, my parents have an issue with how much im playing this! haha
game-hours: 47.2
review: learned russian very fast ! this is a good textbook!
game-hours: 788.7
review: 9.5/10 it's OK
game-hours: 310.7
review: Well I cheated and got banned awesome
game-hours: 709.5
review: Chickens are too cool :D
game-hours: 848.6
review: 10/10 Everyone Loves Chickens Everyone Loves AWP Everyone Loves De_Dust 2
game-hours: 1089.3
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1236.3
review: It's a good game.
game-hours: 1184.5
review: If you are a Call Of Duty player, Leave us alone.
game-hours: 630.1
review: Ever since I was a child I've loved watching the smurfs. When I realised that "Smurfs - The Game" had been released, I nearly had a heart attack. I've now been playing for countless hours and I have to say that I'm disappointed. In order to actually play as a smurf, I apparently have to buy the game twice. 10/10 - Refund please.
game-hours: 303.4
review: Angry online Russians Simulator. ..... ..... ..... Blyad! Khui! Pizda! ! Vse zayebalo! Pizdets na khui blyad!
game-hours: 1602.4
review: I love this game, totally worth the money. Love playing with competitive with friends
game-hours: 572.0
review: This game is good.
game-hours: 735.1
review: For only 10.99 Euros, go play competetive matchmaking with: 1. Terible raging russians, who apparently ed your mom 2. 11 year old kids, screaming and crying on the mic 3. Swedish trolls who will  your day so hard youll want to just roll into a ball and cry for the rest of the day 4. Complete noobs in medium/high ranks, about whom youll question yourself how did they got that rank Also rage some more when the  64 tick valve servers decide that that headshot on a still standing player is actually a miss. Get into the exciting action of unboxing crates, as you spend tons of money hoping to get a rare knife, or a nice skin, when all you get are  blue skins which cost 3 cents each. Although great game, 10/10
game-hours: 1122.5
review: I'm terrible at this lelelelelelelellelelelelelelellele
game-hours: 296.5
review: Amazing game!! Actually requires a lot of skill, patience, and good aiming!! I use to run around and just click my mouse a billion times, but this game has taught me the importance of foot step sounds, clicking rapidly depending on distance of the enemy, and pulling down on the guns recoil to maintain the spray in one area!!
game-hours: 1592.2
review: Russian Logic in CS:GO. - Okay guys, go eco. * Russian guy buys an AWP without armor and no grenades - Okay, go A long. - ! *Russian guy shoots teammate in the face with a deagle and runs B alone with bomb.* 8/8 gr8 exprerience
game-hours: 427.9
review: In Online , I Should Wait For Long Time And This Is So Sad :( But When I Connect To A Server ! This Is So Good !! Nice Game !
game-hours: 232.8
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10
game-hours: 781.3
review: i cri :(
game-hours: 186.2
review: Hard online skill based game, funny and tense; Counter-Strike is back with a nice community (RUSSIANS), lovely!
game-hours: 170.8
review: pay 2 win
game-hours: 1306.0
review: Bang bang, pew pew, shot 'em and get shouted at by some toxic 13yr old Russians. Best eva.
game-hours: 429.4
review: Me como todos los headshots con p90 pero est bastante bueno. me roban todos los nenes 10/10
game-hours: 183.7
review: This games in sick ay
game-hours: 2159.4
review: <3
game-hours: 749.5
review: s1k
game-hours: 113.1
review: this game is hella fun i lovee it
game-hours: 1056.6
review: awsomeeeee
game-hours: 920.2
review: 09/10
game-hours: 988.0
review: What else can I say, CS:GO just got better and better since the first time I played it. I just love it!
game-hours: 4360.4
review: Really fun!
game-hours: 1401.5
review: I'd like to take a moment and thank Gaben, our Lord and Savior for this masterpiece of a vidya gaimes. Without Volvo there would be no human race or League of Sona's . You are the best father any yordle could ever ask for. Thank you. Amen.
game-hours: 492.6
review: ,       CSS.CS:GO   .       )!
game-hours: 1210.2
review: BEST SHUTER EVER!!!!
game-hours: 242.4
review: best game ever 10\12 - asaingamerstudios
game-hours: 432.6
review: You're either hacking or terrible. You can't just be good.
game-hours: 3723.9
review: this is one of the best games so far !!!
game-hours: 769.8
review: If you hate russians, then this is the perfect game to show them how much you hate them.
game-hours: 1812.6
review: Runescape is good
game-hours: 209.3
review: 9.5/10 Awesome team based game , Good job Valve ! But please remmove the community cooldown ban system and we will all be Happy :) Aslo People has been swearing more oftenly in CSGO ( Singapore Server's) Serves.. Please Solve this Question as i do not know what to say :)
game-hours: 828.0
review: I learned to say many important russian words, more than i have ever in school and all for 10$! Would recommend to anyone!
game-hours: 562.1
review: This is a super awesome and fun game that reminds me of CoD: Modern Warfare(better known as Cod4). Anyone who has been playing FPSs for years will understand what I am saying, and generally everyone agrees that CoD4 was one of the best franchise FPS games ever developed. While I don't think CS:GO is on the CoD4 level, it certainly does have that feel to it, and that's what draws me towards this game. The feeling I get from this game is one of simplicity and functionality; something too many game corporations out there continue to skip right past. All they want to do is make these crazy FPS games with all these unnecessary gadgets and "killstreaks" and tons of other crap, when in reality, all the game community wants is a simple, stable, fun, and hardcore matchmaking powerhouse. For me, CS:GO hits all of the high points, while only hitting maybe one or two of the low points. Get this game.
game-hours: 624.2
review: That moment when i get kicked by russians after carrying them so hard 11/10 - would chase chickens again
game-hours: 562.0
review: This game is fun to play, and takes alot of skill to master and therefore consumes alot of time. CSGO is cheaper than alot of FPS games (CoD & Battlefield) and in my opinion i get alot more out of this game.
game-hours: 534.7
review: Counter Strike: Global Offensive is unlike any other FPS in it's genre with it's old school CS1.6-ish gun mechanics and similar maps from it's predecessor games. You play the role of a terrorist, whose job is to get to a bomb site, plant the bomb there and wait for it to detonate or kill every Counter-Terrorist preventing you from planting that bomb site. On the other hand, you play as a Counter-Terrorist whose job is to prevent the bomb from being planted at any of the bomb sites either by elimination of the aforementioned terrorists or by defusal of the bomb. The game may be viewed as one that has gun mechanics of its own, completely unique from what one may be used to in most FPS games and that it takes a little getting used to the whole game before one can start getting kills. That, and it's all about reaction times, camping the right spots, watching out for your buddies and what not. One minute you're winning and the next thing you know, your buddies have been killed by a flanking SMG bearer. In addition, the game's competitive mode and its integration with the skill system is what makes it and breaks it. The skill system determines your skill and puts you up against players of the same skill level so to ensure a fun user experience however, this very feature is what sometimes breaks it. How? People who buy dual accounts just to play with new players. That's how. All in all, the game's cost is perfectly balanced and no pay2win aspect influences the game in any way. All items that can be bought with money are purely cosmetic. Thumbs up, indeed!
game-hours: 20.3
review: oldies gameplay but still more fun and enjoy
game-hours: 550.7
review: Well, first off all. I now know the russian language. I feel pretty comfy with russians now, since im getting forced to teamplay with those.. (Thats a good thing.. Right?) I think I should point something out of CS:GO. - Wannabe pros, who think everyone who kills 'em are hacking.. - Can people stop telling me what to do? - Alot of rage in this game, if you wanna do good every round. - Trolles, only because its "meta".. - Russians. - Russians. - Russians. - Russians... First thing first. The worst thing about this game, you some sort of need to communicate with your teammates, or I need that.. So im forced to learn fluent Russian, since they think the only language in this world is.. Russian.. After that being said, I can move on. People mocking around, telling me what to do is a D:/ Im doing it my way. You might disagree but I dont give a f**k. Trollers. Why is it cool to troll around? Derping to make you teammates rage.. I find it pretty common now adays.. Freakin spaaaaam.. -__- "Stfu, im hearing steps" Russian is not cool! After that being said im done. Some possitive feedback? Yeah.. Great FPS game with alot of tollerance. You need to aim quick, react quick and know each spot on each map. Great maps. You can always get better, and thats something I love. IMO, best FPS game right now. Love the competetive thing, with a different skill level in each rank. You arent a FPS lover before you own this game. BUYBUYBUY ;-) - See you around. eXo.
game-hours: 538.3
review: "Score of 101 in Competitive" Much noob such hax :D
game-hours: 944.9
review: in sanics newewst advantier he must activet all the k-os emalrds to save his gf princs peach he jupms thru pieps t help bowser defet the eevil guy who is cool but kinda annoying lik in this one he r==tries to destry the masive castle by killng al the peopl in the kngdom while fending off his frends in a new brand cool adventur my friend said it was docool cos u can atack people with guns but its kinda fun fastsniping with the megablastr anyway ai thnk cods is better so just get a lfe yu druggo cos ths game is sik as hel and like its kind cool but kinda knot anywhey im bord so im gona wath aventor tiem wit my bf (yeh im bi if y dont lik it then del with it cos thats ho i am >:( ) an im RRRAANNNDOOOOMMMM so have a gud dey and waffels ^_^ :3 :> c: :S :D :) :)
game-hours: 316.7
review: Internet cut out in the middle of a game, got banned for a week. 10/10
game-hours: 871.9
review: I play this game because I hate myself.
game-hours: 225.3
review: Truly MLG, killed a chicken 10/10
game-hours: 503.0
review: .      ,   !      ,      .    -          . ,   ,    !  ,        !      ,     !      ,      ! Translation : rush B -Russia 2014
game-hours: 0.2
review: Good....good
game-hours: 350.8
review: Never have I ever before seen my life disappear before my eyes until I began playing this game. 10/10 would lose friends again
game-hours: 842.1
review: Great game, community not as much.
game-hours: 887.7
review: Great game, love it :D
game-hours: 1124.3
review: i played a bit and it's ok
game-hours: 350.1
review: Gives money to my steam wallet. Also gives fancy weapons. ;)
game-hours: 350.6
review: Really awesome game, graphics are certainly not bad, 10/10 gameplay,affordable multiplayer game, and could be EXTREMELY TENSE. (WARNING COD PLAYERS, PRACTICE BEFORE PLAYING A COMPETITIVE MATCH) ENJOY THE GAME
game-hours: 42.3
review: defused a bomb while fighting off three terrorists while my mom told me it's way past my bedtime and to brush my teeth 11/10 unforgettable experience
game-hours: 601.1
review: Play bad, get called noob Play well, get called hacker Be russian (I am not) get called putin  Be American (I am not) get called obama monkey Use AWP get called noob Use P90 get called Silver Scrub (I ain't Silver) Use Scar-20 get called auto-noob Do Insta-HS with AK, you have Aim-Hack Do a Spray Down with an AK, you are a er with Aim-Bot, Trigger-Bot and Aim Lock Do Insta-HS with AWP, get called Camper Noob Do No-Scope with AWP get called CoD  with aimhack 10/10 Best community ever, still, good game
game-hours: 621.8
review: I've determined that Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is from another dimension. It's a game that doesn't need to exist. PC gamers are perfectly served by Counter-Strike: Source and CS 1.6 , content with the decade-something of tuning and attention those games have received. But here's GO: full of doppelganger Desert Eagles and de_dust deja vu, quantum-leaping from some parallel timeline whose game industry briefly intersected with ours. Playing it is like running into a college crush at the supermarket. You immediately notice differences. Oh, you're married? Your hair looks different. But that experience of reconnecting is pleasantthey're mostly still the person you admired during geology. In other words, GO's familiarity helps and hurts. Minor deviations from the CS you might've known or loved are easy to identify. The MP5 is now the MP7, but it lacks the same clicky report and underdoggy this is all I can afford, please don't kill me personality. The TMP is replaced by the MP9. Ragdoll physics don't persist after death, curiously. You can't attach a suppressor to the M4 for some reason. I'm not particularly bothered by this stuff; I don't need the MP5 reproduced precisely as it existed in 2006 or 2009 to live a fulfilling life. What does bug me are some small but significant changes to firing feedback. When you shoot someone in GO, they don't wince. There's a sneeze of blood, and audio that conveys that you're hitting them if you're within a certain range. But they don't do this , and I don't understand the decision to omit a flinch animation on character models. Especially at long range, it takes a little more effort and squinting than it should to tell if I'm hitting someone or not. And counterintuitively, bullet tracers, new in this version of CS, are an unreliable source of feedback. They seem to trail the path of your actual bullet by a few microseconds. With rifles and SMGs, my eyes would wander away from my enemy and crosshairs "what I should be watching" and try to interpret where my bullets were falling based on the slightly-delayed, streaky particle effects. The small upside to tracers is that they mitigate camping a bit.
game-hours: 674.0
review: Chicken Murder Simulator 2014. What more can I ask for? 11/10 <3
game-hours: 172.0
review: Before i get hate from this review, i want to say i dont hate this game, further more i would not recommend it to any one. but i will still play it everyonce in awhile. First the community is very mean. They take this game as if its real life so if you do buy this game be ready to get yeld at by a ton of russian guys. Next there is no reason to play this game. what i mean by this is that theres not much unlocks from what ive played so far other then new weapon skins. So you really only play for gameplay which i will go over soon. Then theres the cash grab. When you need to buy keys to unlock cases for new weapons that the only real change is the skin on the weapon. I do actually think there are some ways to unlock weapon skins for free but if i pay 15$ for a game, i want the whole game. This is not a free to play game so i should never have to pay more money to make my weapon look less generic and there have been times in game where i was called a Noob and other stupid names for not having a weapon skin...... this feature is out right stupid but made popular due to youtube case unboxings. Gameplay is mostly good. Hard to get good at if you have been playing games like arma or call of duty. Global Offensive's gameplay is super simple but extremely tatical. Simple because you are limited (Which is some cases is not bad) to just kneeing down, cant use iron sights, and etc. then tatical because....... i cant explain it to truely experience it you would need to play the game for yourself but i think its things like not being able to regen health, which doesnt sound big at first but duing most of the gamemodes your health is very critical and a couple of shots can screw you over for the rest of the match. Theres no classes, everytime you die or in the start of a new game you purchase your gear for money which is easy to get in most cases. Yet again i do not hate this game but i guess i was wanting more out of it and the whole cases and keys thing really made me mad that a company like valve would do that. All in all its not a bad game and i would recommend looking at other reviews of this game before you purchase. And if you do buy this game chances are your not going to fell like you just got robbed, chances are you will love it like most of steam, or you may turn out like me and just see Counter-Strike: Global Offensive as not a bad game, but not good.
game-hours: 392.8
review: this game makes me hap
game-hours: 1400.0
review: Great game! MM got russians and cheaters! Buy as many copies as you can, and send em to someones you hate! Cs:go got cool drops! (if you get any..............) Cases are fun ! It's so exciting to open 'em and get the scrab weapons!:) (key cost 1.80e) oh and also: OPERATIONS. Yeah! cs fans make maps, and valve adds 'em to the game and charge you about 1-2e per operation, and you get the coin of that operation how cool is that?! 1337/1337 ! Totally worth of all money you spend! :)
game-hours: 2294.3
review: Best game, buy it, but pls no hackerino
game-hours: 148.2
review: i freaking love this game i would never stop playing if i could graphics are tops sound is tops weapons are tops this is one of my favorite games ever!
game-hours: 1183.2
review: guns
game-hours: 296.8
review: Chikens. Russians. All you need to know.
game-hours: 254.2
review: You will play this game all day long, but you will never be good! You will break your keyboard, mouse and headset in rage, but you will bever be good! Your fingers will bleed, but still you will never be good You will lose your job, fail your exams and your family will leave you, but still it will all be in vain you will never be good! But after 1932819hours you will finally get to silver 2 and you will be proud!
game-hours: 111.3
review: The Counter-Strike series are anything but noob-friendly, requiring you to do well your first two turns to keep expensive weaponry, to keep up your killing sprees. A steady eye is well-rewarded, even when you are behind. This is why many people who have played a few games in Counter-Strike just quit. It's too frustrating to end up every game last on the scoreboard, especially when you are match-made with people who do this for a living, and have been doing so for the last five years or so. However, after dying continuously, I found myself slowly rising higher on the scoreboards, having easier times guessing where enemies will be camping, and learning where to throw my smokes and flashes for optimal value. This feeling, when you no longer end up with a K/D of 0, but .75 instead, makes you want to do better. It makes you want to rise to the top elite, and it's something I haven't experienced with any other game before. For comparison, Team Fortress 2 is a really noob-friendly game, basically giving you a toolset with which you can literally do well without even looking their way (I am talking to you, gunslinger) or by only aiming in the general area your enemies are (Pyro). Counter-Strike is so much more rewarding than that, and it just feels so amazing getting better and better. It feels so amazing going into competitive and winning that match, with a point difference of 1. If you are thinking about buying this game, you should consider asking yourself, "Am I willing to change my lifestyle to fit this in?". If you won't, it will be a waste of money to buy this game, but if you will, it will be a waste of your life not buying it. This game is a kidnapper, and it'll give you Stockholm syndrome. 10/10 doesn't have hats.
game-hours: 275.1
review: My mom always said I won't learn anything from games. I prooved she's wrong by surprising her with my amazing and fluent Russian. Thank you , cs : go !
game-hours: 1366.3
review: Just buy it already. Worth every cent.
game-hours: 499.2
review: Spent most of my weekends playing this, wasted all my money on skins, constantly got banned for 7 days for leaving matches. 10/10 ruined my life.
game-hours: 22.1
review: It's better than Coll ov Dudy
game-hours: 777.4
review: :)
game-hours: 1012.8
review: 10/10 If you love screaming at people, vsing hackers and playing with  cunts all at once, this is the game for you.
game-hours: 752.6
review: Nice game
game-hours: 1430.8
review: Since I played 1.6 and stopped it, I thought I would never come back to a Counter-Strike game again.. I WAS WRONG! Saw the game on sale, flipped my  when I couldn't buy it when it was low and bought it at full price. 10/10 Anyway, it really brings the competitive scene that has been missing in Counter-Strike (for casual players). Matchmaking mode is really fun, especially when you get at least decent teammates. My friends list became twice larger ever since I started playing this game. I've had my laughs, I've had my cries in this game, but I still can't get enough of it. You constantly want to improve and get a bigger rank. There are also really good alternative versions of Matchmaking, called PUGS (Pick-Up Games). Really addictive for casual and competitive FPS players.
game-hours: 1927.4
review: One of the best games ever. It's like CS:S + COD.
game-hours: 724.5
review: Worst gmae I've ever played. Don't buy it you will wake up and your wallet will be gone... like I said horrbile. IGN on the other hand... 11/0 IGN, "Would throw money at it again." UPDATE: Well I'm gonna change it to not reccomended because this game is just too good. But seriously, sell all your skins and then uninstall the game, you will soon find inner tranquility as long as you never look back.
game-hours: 25.5
review: shoot someone. then shoot them again. repeat
game-hours: 388.2
review: Counter-Strike  , -     ! Counter-Strike  , -        !( Counter-Strike  , -  8   . Counter-Strike  , -    30    ,        . Counter-Strike  , -         ,      . Counter-Strike  , -    ,   . Counter-Strike  , -       ,   2 . Couter-Strike  , -    40 . Counter-Strike  , -    !. Counter-Strike  , - ,-   ! Counter-Strike  , -Ruska !   Counter-Strike!
game-hours: 352.0
review: Community of hackers who moan over colorfull weapon skins 9.9/10 It's ok
game-hours: 272.3
review: If you want play this game you need to learn Russian, if not, you will never know what the  is your team doing. Have fun! :D
game-hours: 1018.8
review: good
game-hours: 606.2
review: the best
game-hours: 359.6
review: Love the competitive mode added to this already wondeful game! A really great add to the previous game CS:S!
game-hours: 549.7
review: Very good game ! +++
game-hours: 465.5
review: I've met so many friendly people on this game, unfortunately i don't speak many languages. "C Y K A" means "friend" in American right? 10/10 give Gaben money simulator works well
game-hours: 2004.5
review: gr8 b8 m8 wud r8 8/8
game-hours: 1332.5
review: This is a hardcore game, one of the best, but. It is NOT for the casual gamer. It will destroy you if you are a casual. The only game worse in that regard is Unreal Tournament. On a positive note, it is one of the best games ever made. Period. You will not regret purchase, I will promise you that.
game-hours: 40.1
review: This is game is Super Recommmended FPS!
game-hours: 216.0
review: Still proving what an aging source engine is capable of Counter strike global offensive delivers a fast paced skilled shooter that will keep you on your toes. Can't beat the price best bang for $ first person shooter available Final Score 8/10
game-hours: 421.4
review: Do you want to yell at your computer and say "I SWAER I 1-TAPPED HIM. HE'S LIT 4 98!!@!@!@@12121." Then this is the game for you. It offers the best chicken slaughter simulator, and the best envy simulator for when you see those sick skins that people own. Or those Karambit fade StatTrak, and you say to yourself. "One day I'll trade up for a Karambit." Then two weeks later you buy it with your Mom's CC. Then this is the game for you.!!!
game-hours: 590.1
review: Killed 50 Chickens in a Casual Match :D 11/10
game-hours: 432.6
review: You're either hacking or terrible. You can't just be good.
game-hours: 276.8
review: I really like Counter Strike, and this entry is no exepcion, everything is good now and it has a lot more room for expansion. But please, create an East Server so the rest of Europe can have more fun while playing... For more than 20 game in streak, I only listen to Russian, and since a medium percentage of them hates "America", they refuse to speak English, and this is totally unsocial and breaks the communication in game, ending up to a serious problem that leads the player into frustation and despair, summing up in a deffeat... This is the dark side of the community in the CS:GO scene and it can be easily resolved by creating a new Server. With this said I'm not being racist since I'm not that and I have friends in all over the world, but it hurts the community to see the player personal beliefs and cultural influences get inside a game, that is used to relief stress and to socialize a bit more with the world. Dramatic actions should be insued Lord Gabe, just make it happen...
game-hours: 427.9
review: In Online , I Should Wait For Long Time And This Is So Sad :( But When I Connect To A Server ! This Is So Good !! Nice Game !
game-hours: 382.2
review: intresting game and we love it but valve really need to work more on a lot of issues with vac system and need to make more creative ideas.
game-hours: 719.5
review: ing love it
game-hours: 115.9
review: I'm really bad at this game. I cry if i lose. But i got some nice weapon skins which is nice. 10/10
game-hours: 574.3
review: This state-of-the-art rage simulator immerses you in the front lines of true modern combat. The long-anticipated sequel to the popular Battlefield franchise, this gem features vivid, colorful graphics, a large assortment of carefully balanced weapons and original, never-before-seen maps such as de_dust and de_dust2. As a game of pure skill and strategy, CS:GO also includes a bonus Competitive Mode, where players worldwide can compete against Brazilians. The perfected Matchmaking system will assign new players to a random skill group and match them in a team with and against hackers and hardened Counter-Strike veterans, always resulting in a unique -raping experience. As an added bonus, players with poor internet connection will receive top priority in matchmaking. -Counter Strike Global Offensive in a nut shell
game-hours: 454.5
review: this game sucks in so many ways, valve cheat engine sucks, million cheating people, the matchmaking sucks it always brings pro players with unranked players which is stupid, and im still playing this .
game-hours: 603.5
review: my mom didnt get the camera
game-hours: 1085.3
review: Brilliant game for the not so serious players, great trading system (Review for Achievment)
game-hours: 2062.1
review: best game of all time! been playing for over ten years and still cant get enough of it
game-hours: 470.7
review: Oh that guy has a rainbow knife, that looks cool... I WANT ONE, HOW DO I GET ONE. So if i open one of these cases i could get a knife? right 1.49 seems ok priced. *Buy* *Open case* Oh wow i got a blood red sawn-off shotgun Cool! awwww its only worth 8p :( Well i supose if i try another it wont hurt... [13 cases later]      WHY VALVE I ING HATE YOU  YOU VALVE     YOU GABE ING N [another 27 cases later] I WILL STAB YOU IN YOUR SLEEP AND  YOUR MOTHER I HOPE YOU DIE GABE ING DIE *Grins sadisticly* [Mate opens 3'rd case and get a knife]  MY LIFE WHY ALL I WANT IS A RAINBOW KNIFE  YOU. /10 would buy case key again.
game-hours: 749.5
review: s1k
game-hours: 113.1
review: this game is hella fun i lovee it
game-hours: 1056.6
review: awsomeeeee
game-hours: 238.5
review: Ruined my Life 10/10
game-hours: 1386.0
review: 11/10 - would waste my childhood again.
game-hours: 920.2
review: 09/10
game-hours: 988.0
review: What else can I say, CS:GO just got better and better since the first time I played it. I just love it!
game-hours: 4360.4
review: Really fun!
game-hours: 1401.5
review: I'd like to take a moment and thank Gaben, our Lord and Savior for this masterpiece of a vidya gaimes. Without Volvo there would be no human race or League of Sona's . You are the best father any yordle could ever ask for. Thank you. Amen.
game-hours: 492.6
review: ,       CSS.CS:GO   .       )!
game-hours: 1210.2
review: BEST SHUTER EVER!!!!
game-hours: 280.3
review: nice game but  ing steam block my acount and i cant buy in the market
game-hours: 655.1
review: 5 words... Buy As Soon As Possible, 10/10 one of the best competetive game's I have ever played. Might be the only competetor to when EVOLVE is released!
game-hours: 521.6
review: This game's campaign mode really gets you addicted in no time ! ! !
game-hours: 1699.1
review: cs go has 4 letters a triangle has 4 - 1 corners 4 - 1 = 3 my nips have 3 hairs 4letters = 4 - 1 corners = 3 hairs Holy  gaben is illumaniti
game-hours: 1017.4
review: Best game ever :D
game-hours: 756.4
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker and afther buying this game played online learned fluent russian 2 weeks later and got cancer
game-hours: 388.2
review: Counter-Strike  , -     ! Counter-Strike  , -        !( Counter-Strike  , -  8   . Counter-Strike  , -    30    ,        . Counter-Strike  , -         ,      . Counter-Strike  , -    ,   . Counter-Strike  , -       ,   2 . Couter-Strike  , -    40 . Counter-Strike  , -    !. Counter-Strike  , - ,-   ! Counter-Strike  , -Ruska !   Counter-Strike!
game-hours: 352.0
review: Community of hackers who moan over colorfull weapon skins 9.9/10 It's ok
game-hours: 90.1
review: if you like call of duty... dont play this game it has good gameplay requires skill and it has cease fire! Good maps and no kill streaks...
game-hours: 296.8
review: Chikens. Russians. All you need to know.
game-hours: 254.2
review: You will play this game all day long, but you will never be good! You will break your keyboard, mouse and headset in rage, but you will bever be good! Your fingers will bleed, but still you will never be good You will lose your job, fail your exams and your family will leave you, but still it will all be in vain you will never be good! But after 1932819hours you will finally get to silver 2 and you will be proud!
game-hours: 0.2
review: Good....good
game-hours: 350.8
review: Never have I ever before seen my life disappear before my eyes until I began playing this game. 10/10 would lose friends again
game-hours: 842.1
review: Great game, community not as much.
game-hours: 887.7
review: Great game, love it :D
game-hours: 879.4
review: to the window, to the wall, to the sweat drips from my balls
game-hours: 823.9
review: Makes me cry everyday seeing chickens die. The most touching storyline featuring chickens, do not buy if you dont want to cry.
game-hours: 219.4
review: I swear im not bad at this game, its just everyone else is is a hacker...
game-hours: 771.6
review: is ok
game-hours: 205.3
review: Am ramas placut impresionat dupa prima experienta in CS:GO de cand am fost dat un weekend freetoplay, de atunci am asteptat o oferta la el si l-am cumparat!
game-hours: 170.8
review: You get to shoot stuff its good
game-hours: 442.5
review: Dropped out of Highschool to play this game competitively. Only Silver 2. 11/10
game-hours: 223.2
review: On a scale of 1 to bong. Its pretty Dank
game-hours: 213.4
review: Everyone call you a hacker, its a nice confidence booster 10/10
game-hours: 1626.3
review: Awesome game, really competitive. Matchmaking is enjoyable even though 64 tick servers and russians are kinda ruining the experience. Internet is full of alternative solutions so you dont have to use matchmaking and play on 64 tick servers.
game-hours: 1547.6
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 1225.3
review: I dont know why am i still playing this game but anyway; Dont play the freaking game if you have an angry personality because you will probabably break your keyboard because of the Awper rats, SG553 / AUG's , P90's and hackers crawling around. Oh by the way the people you call '' friends '' can throw you out just because you lost a few games together, and the cause of the lost will probably going to be the reasons i gave.. Except this situations its actually a good game.
game-hours: 50.0
review: This game makes me cry.
game-hours: 176.5
review: play this with your friends and play it hard and you will have the time of your life. don't forget to scream "ALLAHU AKBAR" and empty your clip at the end of every winning round.
game-hours: 261.0
review: Hard game for beginners but eventually it's fun. This is the first FPS game I've played that demands careful shots thanks to recoil than bullet spamming enemies once they're in your crosshair. The bullet penetration adds the real-world flavour and there's even a warmup round for shooting just about anywhere even that filthy hostage if you're on terrorist side. 10/10 Would recommend for challenge-seeking/competitive gamers mostly but not so for the easy-going casual FPS gamers who prefer continuous bullet spam.
game-hours: 450.2
review: One of the best shooter game i've ever seen...
game-hours: 216.9
review: i spent my college tuiton and finally got a purple weapon 8/8
game-hours: 1641.6
review: The graphics are great.  It has all the good old maps.  Fun gameplay.  New guns.  Too many cheaters!  Too many kids with downloaded skill.  Too many pro's with 10-15hrs.
game-hours: 894.7
review: Very fun. One of my favourite games.
game-hours: 1274.7
review: I recommend this game me and my friends play it everyday its a good use my time left over before i sleep XD
game-hours: 801.8
review: I play it all da time
game-hours: 432.0
review: Worth the money.
game-hours: 281.4
review: You get to shoot people, but you don't get to wear hats.
game-hours: 756.4
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker and afther buying this game played online learned fluent russian 2 weeks later and got cancer
game-hours: 578.3
review: probably the most balanced fps game as it requires actual skill to do well, spray and prayers will get a bit of luck, but against good opponents they will lose. A lot of fun for competitive.
game-hours: 541.0
review: I shoot heads. They die They shoot heads. I die. 8/8 its gr8 would r8 again
game-hours: 919.3
review: One of the best FPS game i have ever played!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 663.1
review: Great Competitive aspect for Counter-Strike. Great player-developer interaction. Great support by Valve. Play for fun, play for competition, play to kill some time. Pay to get skins, pay to get knifes. Wish to unbox knifes, waste a key on a blue item. Risk your money to earn money, lose all of your items on betting. But in the end, pay to get more items. 12/10 - "Spend money simulator." PS: It's fun.
game-hours: 244.6
review: ing poop
game-hours: 1326.0
review: King Dong approved.
game-hours: 513.2
review: This is a great game to play so much better than css
game-hours: 954.8
review: Skins. Angry humans. Funny humans. Insane things (even sometimes called "people" by their friends) Good for losing hope in humanity, then regaining it for a max of 2 random games, after about 5-9 games of starting to lose every hope you had, ever of humanity being good. (If you are planning to join the marines) This is realy good to semi-train your ears for unprovoked yelling. And ofc this is a fun game, even better if you are playing with friends... awsum sauce.
game-hours: 922.6
review: Game systems and the graphics are great but a little bit silly bots. Overall, I love this game. :)
game-hours: 149.4
review: cod=10 yearolds sleeping with your mom bf4=15 yearold tryhards cs-go=a perfect mix
game-hours: 2407.0
review: It's k
game-hours: 67.4
review: This game is perfect! Every steam account should have this game in their library!
game-hours: 325.3
review: 10/10 awesome, dont ing unbox.
game-hours: 105.4
review: This game is good guy. BUT SOME ADVICE: dont listen to the fellers on yer team tellin ya yer going the wrong way guy. they are unedjamacated and need some fat dip.
game-hours: 709.0
review: No bunny hopping? This is absolutely nothing like dust II this game sucks never get it ever.
game-hours: 796.3
review: You can be the goodies or the badies and shoot the other. Pew Pew
game-hours: 657.3
review: Really fun game 9/10 Everything is pretty much perfect. I really recommend this to you cool kiddowz that thinks about buying this game. It's also a easy to learn hard to master game which is really gnt. I like cookies.
game-hours: 909.5
review: This game are pretty awesome ! especially the competitive match which is so excited to play. i very recommend this game too you !
game-hours: 624.3
review: Fastest way to learn russian is by playing this game.
game-hours: 412.8
review: Smells Like BACON
game-hours: 121.9
review: this game is so fun and also very basic but u cant go wrong with this game. and its ok to call hacks here and there
game-hours: 2185.0
review: At first i thought it was a mistake buying it.At the time i was hooked on css which i still loved but i got VAC banned for bhop script.I had bought csgo to see if the jailbreak was better than css which it wasnt but im not complaining. i am hooked on the intense comp mode. it is action packed and there is alot of tenison,also with the ranks. I have been so mad about losing my ranks it just gets to the point i want to just quit. but i keep playing and I get better ranks. This is a very team based game so make sure you have some type of team to play with you or you might get a guy who wants to tk and mess up the game and purposly make you lose the game. I have ran into a couple hackers but im not complaining,also css had a lot of hackers that i was getting tierd of. Overall I really enjoy playing this game and buying skins to help me play better and also to brag. NiceBlueWolf :D
game-hours: 692.2
review: CS:Go certainly is a hard game to master, so if you answer yes to any of these following questions: -You like the shooting system of Call of Duty -You like to stay in cover and recover health -You love games that are P2W Then I'd not recommend this to you, since CS:Go is the exact opposite of that. There is recoil, and tapping doesn't make it easier (with some exceptions, that is). Like many FPS games, CS:Go has a system which indicates your health. There are no weapons you can buy, you can only buy weapon skins on the steam marketplace, these skins do not add anything apart from the skin itself. TL;DR: It's a good FPS game, definitely worth the 14 euros.
game-hours: 619.7
review: Probably the worst game I've played in the past year. Recoil patterns make little to no sense, no aiming down the sights (YEAH LEMME JUST HIPFIRE THIS GUY FROM 1500 METERS AWAY), servers lag often and horribly. Game actually makes me want to just off myself sometimes. Still, there's no other competitive fps games and it's fun to troll the idiots that take video games way too seriously
game-hours: 686.3
review: Good game. Gets addicting. I need medication.
game-hours: 1116.8
review: cs go is life cs go is love Dont buy this game otherwise your life will be over.
game-hours: 2075.1
review: This game is okay I guess. The addiction to gun skins is better than my previous meth addiction.
game-hours: 1781.6
review: no, I wasted my life :C
game-hours: 861.3
review: Kibaszott j ez a jtk!
game-hours: 570.3
review: Good game ,but the competitive cooldown is stupid
game-hours: 1751.4
review: You can set the water on fire. You can survive gunshots to the head. You can tank a grenade from point-blank and still survive. You can chase chickens. Chickens can(t) chase you. You can only kill fishes if you throw a nade in the water. Shooting them with guns of any caliber will not harm them at all (Why no fish scales-made armor?! ) You can fall from 20 meters and still run perfectly fine after that. You can get shot in your arm and still be 100% accurate. You can lose all of your money(real money,for skins) and not get anything good. Digital knives actually cost more than real knives. You can lose your mind. You can't swim. Chickens. 10/10
game-hours: 1349.1
review: 5/5
game-hours: 915.7
review: CSGO: the #1 place to be called a "noob", "hacker" and a "smurf" within 1 minute of gametime .
game-hours: 1408.1
review: Amazing game, I play it everyday and have been for 2 years. From Competative to casual, or even community servers, theres something here for every FPS player. Most people will enjoy it, but it is a very different FPS to alot of others. I would rate this game 8/10 and you should for sure pick this game up if you havent. Updated 27/03/2015
game-hours: 2393.0
review: Even though i personally would like even sharper graphics for such a slick game, this game clearly proves that counter Strike Source is some Outdated Junk by now. And proves that the same formula that appeared in CS 1.5 back in the day is enjoyable, if made properly, still to this very day. I used to play CS:S just for target practice when idling for random reasons myself, but this game is complete enough to drag me into it; even though again, i find there to be a massive lack of things like Camos, the good old killing spree game mode (Where you can spawn many times; it's about getting the most kills against the enemy team (A clusterfu*k) to win) and the classic zombie modes. So yes, i recommend this game. And even more so when i can get it 75% off because of the winter deal of 2013/2014! By selling some of the first camos you get, you can even make your money back. 6.5/10 (because i am a strict rater!)
game-hours: 1014.0
review: Havent' been outside in a month. 10/10
game-hours: 740.4
review: Are you bored from Call of Duty? - Buy this game. Are you older than 10? - Buy this game. Wanna get cool weaponskins? - Buy this game. Wanna use wallhacks and triggerbots? - Buy this game and get VAC'd May KQLY be with you.
game-hours: 285.4
review: Campaign is too short, cannot reccommend
game-hours: 1.5
review: Very nice game )) I love cs go!
game-hours: 508.7
review: Gets yelled to sucking at the game, top fraggin ign 11/10 would 420 blazin again
game-hours: 671.2
review: This game seems really easy, yet it is quite hard. From the start of the game I noticed that looking down sights on all weapons is a lost luxury. Hip firing and learning how to burst is the name of the game. It gets frustrating sometimes, but the game is an overall fun game. I recommend it 9/10.
game-hours: 1504.9
review: left me missus for this game and lost my job worth it because now i am nova 2
game-hours: 971.5
review: You join You win You get happy You join again You lose You get angry You join again 5 minutes later This is the cycle of this game Does a good job of keeping you play 10/10
game-hours: 156.9
review: Two of my bots had trouble climbing a staircase. 10/10
game-hours: 1126.8
review: initially seemed pretty bad, actually turns out to be pretty fuxing awesome. on a sidenote; something has to be done about all the hackers in competitive matchmaking as it really ruins the otherwise amazing game
game-hours: 500.8
review: 430 hours still silver 3  my life.
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.6
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2868.4
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 202.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 765.2
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 636.4
review: 10/10 m8 i rate it for being the best game for raging, look at team mates being much better then you and call u a noob, get owned by  smurfs, break your keyboard and mouse, kill your friends..... even in REAL LIFE! (not for pregnant women, people with a regular sense and people with raging problems) BUY IT AND GIVE LORD GABEN MORE IN MONEY!!!!!!!
game-hours: 477.4
review: Fun and Competitive game touching on the 1st person shooter aspects that we know and love.
game-hours: 378.4
review: Ayy, since I'm on a roll I thought I'd keep reviewing  lmao. Cheers to Gabe for making me spend all my money on opening cases to make my guns look less plain. Oh and cheers for that knife that makes me feel like an absolute sicko when I go around Silver Matches getting 12 year olds saying ayy lmao nice knife. To be fair, the gameplay is a 7/10 but the key buying simulator that wrecks your steam wallet,  that's 10/10 would buy a key again. ayy lmao thanks gaben you gravy loving .
game-hours: 425.9
review: Counter Strike Global Offensive is a... let's face it, if you don't know what this is you need to climb out from under that rock. CS:GO (as it's often abbreviated to) is rewarding to those with skill, and punishing to the casual gamer when played in competitive mode. To get the best of out this game you need to invest time and effort to learn the maps and the spray patterns of the guns. Watching players with high levels of skill is like watching a football match on TV. Even if you don't like the game you appreciate people who have skill at this game because you can clearly see when a player knows their stuff and when they don't. This game is more of a sport hence it's overwhelming appearances in Esports tournaments like ESL and Dreamhack etc. Overall if you are looking for a bit of fun for an hour or so, STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME! To get the best from this, you need the practice regularly and get a team of people to play with, then... it's brilliant.
game-hours: 779.5
review: cs go that's life.
game-hours: 392.9
review: Good game. Requires tactics and knowing the right time to do certain things. Many things come into play like recoil or accuracy when moving. Would reccomend it to anyone who wants to play a shooting game but a tad more slow-paced and more tactical. If you want just a quick game you can do a casual or deathmatch. The competitive scene for this game is great and really expresses the tactics and teamwork of this game. Without that your just a bunch of idiots with guns! 10/10
game-hours: 748.7
review: SICK GAME JOIN AUS-ZM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 921.0
review: Learning Russian in only 2 weeks 10/10
game-hours: 966.5
review: t peli on tosi hyv
game-hours: 1490.3
review: if you have other things to do stay away
game-hours: 838.3
review: iha ebin
game-hours: 1547.6
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 1225.6
review: I dont know why am i still playing this game but anyway; Dont play the freaking game if you have an angry personality because you will probabably break your keyboard because of the Awper rats, SG553 / AUG's , P90's and hackers crawling around. Oh by the way the people you call '' friends '' can throw you out just because you lost a few games together, and the cause of the lost will probably going to be the reasons i gave.. Except this situations its actually a good game.
game-hours: 50.0
review: This game makes me cry.
game-hours: 176.5
review: play this with your friends and play it hard and you will have the time of your life. don't forget to scream "ALLAHU AKBAR" and empty your clip at the end of every winning round.
game-hours: 261.0
review: Hard game for beginners but eventually it's fun. This is the first FPS game I've played that demands careful shots thanks to recoil than bullet spamming enemies once they're in your crosshair. The bullet penetration adds the real-world flavour and there's even a warmup round for shooting just about anywhere even that filthy hostage if you're on terrorist side. 10/10 Would recommend for challenge-seeking/competitive gamers mostly but not so for the easy-going casual FPS gamers who prefer continuous bullet spam.
game-hours: 450.2
review: One of the best shooter game i've ever seen...
game-hours: 216.9
review: i spent my college tuiton and finally got a purple weapon 8/8
game-hours: 1641.6
review: The graphics are great.  It has all the good old maps.  Fun gameplay.  New guns.  Too many cheaters!  Too many kids with downloaded skill.  Too many pro's with 10-15hrs.
game-hours: 894.7
review: Very fun. One of my favourite games.
game-hours: 285.4
review: Campaign is too short, cannot reccommend
game-hours: 1.5
review: Very nice game )) I love cs go!
game-hours: 508.7
review: Gets yelled to sucking at the game, top fraggin ign 11/10 would 420 blazin again
game-hours: 54.4
review: This game is so cool. I really like competitive mode! It features amazing maps like: de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, AND de_dust2!
game-hours: 624.3
review: Fastest way to learn russian is by playing this game.
game-hours: 909.7
review: This game are pretty awesome ! especially the competitive match which is so excited to play. i very recommend this game too you !
game-hours: 1571.8
review: dfhpnhfgfnjhg
game-hours: 1206.3
review: STOP BAITING ME YOU STUPID ING IDIOTS
game-hours: 1408.2
review: Amazing game, I play it everyday and have been for 2 years. From Competative to casual, or even community servers, theres something here for every FPS player. Most people will enjoy it, but it is a very different FPS to alot of others. I would rate this game 8/10 and you should for sure pick this game up if you havent. Updated 27/03/2015
game-hours: 2393.0
review: Even though i personally would like even sharper graphics for such a slick game, this game clearly proves that counter Strike Source is some Outdated Junk by now. And proves that the same formula that appeared in CS 1.5 back in the day is enjoyable, if made properly, still to this very day. I used to play CS:S just for target practice when idling for random reasons myself, but this game is complete enough to drag me into it; even though again, i find there to be a massive lack of things like Camos, the good old killing spree game mode (Where you can spawn many times; it's about getting the most kills against the enemy team (A clusterfu*k) to win) and the classic zombie modes. So yes, i recommend this game. And even more so when i can get it 75% off because of the winter deal of 2013/2014! By selling some of the first camos you get, you can even make your money back. 6.5/10 (because i am a strict rater!)
game-hours: 438.1
review: Awesome shooter. It's very well balanced, despite the  community, like any other competitive game. Deserves a 10/10 for me.
game-hours: 893.1
review: Kill someone with botgun- noob Get killed with botgun- REKT BISH Kill someone with p90- OMG, BUY NORMAL WEAPONS Get killed with p90- GET ON MY LEVEL! Kill someone in headshot from far distance- HACKER, REPORTED! Get killed from far distance- This is how you play cs:go, NOOB! Kill someone with knife- OMG, THIS IS CS, USE GUNS. Get killed with knife- OMG, I HAVE SKILLS, REKT SKRUB! 10/10 it's ok -IGN
game-hours: 549.9
review: CS:go is a fast paced action game with many modes, many skins, many knives, and alot of Competitive players trying to go for the top of the hill. Back when I was involved in the beta, there were few players that I knew, but alot of great enhancments from 1.6 and Source. It did take a while to get used to the new engine, but as I progressed into the game, I got used to the new hitboxes. The Arms Deal Update - this update introduced new ways to customize your weapons with different items from either map packs, collections, or tournament events. Trying to get the rarest can sometimes get easy or rare, cheap or expensive. Knives are hard to get, but also are some of the Covert rifles. Why do I enjoy this game? I am able to play with many other players of similar skill and more of the updates are helping making this game alot better with the Reddit community having a voice.
game-hours: 278.1
review: First shooter I ever had to learn how to play. 8/10 The Russians expect everyone in the team to speak russian
game-hours: 474.7
review: 10/10 would offensive again
game-hours: 1056.8
review: A great FPS 10/10 should play
game-hours: 42.2
review: Great first person shooter, no doubt.YOU CAN KILL CHICKENS Muahaha CHICKEN SIMULATOR 2033 Now something serious tho, There is no support from other players whatsoever, for example when you join a competative match there is no one who helps out a new player, all they can say is "" blyat and any other russian/slavic language lel. And when you're last alive ofcourse, your whole team judges every move you make. and when you get into a 1v5 clutch situation you get rekt from behind.. Don't forget the votekick system, they don't like newbies. So prepare to get kicked within 1.5 seconds on a competative match, I do recommend it but pls go play 200 casual b4 you join any competative match, OR YOU COULD JUST BE AN IGNORANT C*** AND DON'T LISTEN TO ALL THE BULL**** I JUST WROTE, JUST JOIN A IN COMPATEIV MATCH AND LEAN ON YOUR VOICE CHAT KEY AND SPAM DARUDE SANDSTORME AND CHEEKI BREEKI ALL OVER DA ING DE_DUST 2 MAP, WHY? CUZ YOU CAN! PISS OF OTHER PEOPLE AND TRY TO STAY IN GAME WITHOUT GETTING KICKED. AND IF THAT AIN'T ENOUGH ALL THE RUSSIAN SWEARING WILL EVENTUALLY GIVE YOU EYE CAN**R. OH EHH TRY TO BUY AN AWP AND TEAMKILL YOUR FRIENDM8'S AND YOU EVENTUALLY START TO THINK THAT YOU ARE FUNNY FOR TROLLING PEOPLE. ENJOY THE VACBANS LADY'S C:
game-hours: 266.0
review: Can't play with friends becouse their rank is either too high, making me feel like garbage, or too low, making me compete against 10 year olds. I don't want to shoot to kids in CS, that's what CoD is for. Random team is either Russians, most of them cannot team play [ ] Either Korean, so I end up with stats 0/0 or Arabian, I cannot play with somebody who sounds so funny Either Way 9/10, If you're lucky
game-hours: 1138.0
review: Nice and classic game <3
game-hours: 1736.0
review: It's a really good tactical shooter. YOU MUST BUY IT!
game-hours: 219.3
review: Like Skyrim with guns and chickens and spicy memes. 5/5
game-hours: 2032.0
review: Awsome game!
game-hours: 799.2
review: Valve Hasn't dissapointed me in 14 years of playing Counter Strike, Counter Strike Source, and now Counter Strike Global Offensive. This is another great title, that will keep the community of Counter Strike Enthusists entertained as long as the franchise has exsisted. If you have seen the rest, CS has never dissapointed, where to start, the awesome drops you receive from competitive or from playing on community servers out there, new skins. The Ultra rare Butterfly knife skin is what lots are looking for. Overwatch is the newest and best system out there to keep out the cheaters who think they can win at all costs, I am glad that Overwatch is out there, I can't wait til it branches out to all Counter strike series. Play CSGO and you will enjoy it.
game-hours: 549.9
review: CS:go is a fast paced action game with many modes, many skins, many knives, and alot of Competitive players trying to go for the top of the hill. Back when I was involved in the beta, there were few players that I knew, but alot of great enhancments from 1.6 and Source. It did take a while to get used to the new engine, but as I progressed into the game, I got used to the new hitboxes. The Arms Deal Update - this update introduced new ways to customize your weapons with different items from either map packs, collections, or tournament events. Trying to get the rarest can sometimes get easy or rare, cheap or expensive. Knives are hard to get, but also are some of the Covert rifles. Why do I enjoy this game? I am able to play with many other players of similar skill and more of the updates are helping making this game alot better with the Reddit community having a voice.
game-hours: 1138.0
review: Nice and classic game <3
game-hours: 266.0
review: Can't play with friends becouse their rank is either too high, making me feel like garbage, or too low, making me compete against 10 year olds. I don't want to shoot to kids in CS, that's what CoD is for. Random team is either Russians, most of them cannot team play [ ] Either Korean, so I end up with stats 0/0 or Arabian, I cannot play with somebody who sounds so funny Either Way 9/10, If you're lucky
game-hours: 893.1
review: Kill someone with botgun- noob Get killed with botgun- REKT BISH Kill someone with p90- OMG, BUY NORMAL WEAPONS Get killed with p90- GET ON MY LEVEL! Kill someone in headshot from far distance- HACKER, REPORTED! Get killed from far distance- This is how you play cs:go, NOOB! Kill someone with knife- OMG, THIS IS CS, USE GUNS. Get killed with knife- OMG, I HAVE SKILLS, REKT SKRUB! 10/10 it's ok -IGN
game-hours: 278.1
review: First shooter I ever had to learn how to play. 8/10 The Russians expect everyone in the team to speak russian
game-hours: 471.7
review: I was a Cod player for 9 years, I played this game for 3 hours. what was the outtcome of those 3 hours? I SUCK  AT SHOOTERS, TIME TO NO LYFE TILL IM BETTER! 70 hours later??? SUCK LESS ! PROGRESS!!!!!!!!!!!!! Edit:130 hours later? SUCKING EVEN LESS  AT THIS GLORIOUS GAME Edit:170 hours later? Silver 4 meh. Edit: 312 hours later? I have infiltrated the high Kike army and destroyed them with my Flick Stick and the ButtBallin' Crew. Silver Elite today. Silver Elite master tomorrow. Somethin's y boys Edit: 332 hours later? Silver Elite Master, i can almost taste the judgement day of nova 1, overwatch coming...Stay Tuned Boys Edit: 370 hours later? Gold Nova 1 baby. 77 comp wins and im lovin this game still. Edit: 380 hours later? Gold Nova 2 already mutha as
game-hours: 511.4
review: swaggy game am been.
game-hours: 313.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 787.6
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 1547.9
review: Practice, practice, practice
game-hours: 366.5
review: Russian muting simulator 2015
game-hours: 957.3
review: addictive as heck m8 i r8 8/8
game-hours: 295.1
review: Its sooper fun.
game-hours: 700.1
review: This is one of the most AWESOME GAMES EVER MADE
game-hours: 474.7
review: 10/10 would offensive again
game-hours: 310.3
review: is good
game-hours: 42.2
review: Great first person shooter, no doubt.YOU CAN KILL CHICKENS Muahaha CHICKEN SIMULATOR 2033 Now something serious tho, There is no support from other players whatsoever, for example when you join a competative match there is no one who helps out a new player, all they can say is "" blyat and any other russian/slavic language lel. And when you're last alive ofcourse, your whole team judges every move you make. and when you get into a 1v5 clutch situation you get rekt from behind.. Don't forget the votekick system, they don't like newbies. So prepare to get kicked within 1.5 seconds on a competative match, I do recommend it but pls go play 200 casual b4 you join any competative match, OR YOU COULD JUST BE AN IGNORANT C*** AND DON'T LISTEN TO ALL THE BULL**** I JUST WROTE, JUST JOIN A IN COMPATEIV MATCH AND LEAN ON YOUR VOICE CHAT KEY AND SPAM DARUDE SANDSTORME AND CHEEKI BREEKI ALL OVER DA ING DE_DUST 2 MAP, WHY? CUZ YOU CAN! PISS OF OTHER PEOPLE AND TRY TO STAY IN GAME WITHOUT GETTING KICKED. AND IF THAT AIN'T ENOUGH ALL THE RUSSIAN SWEARING WILL EVENTUALLY GIVE YOU EYE CAN**R. OH EHH TRY TO BUY AN AWP AND TEAMKILL YOUR FRIENDM8'S AND YOU EVENTUALLY START TO THINK THAT YOU ARE FUNNY FOR TROLLING PEOPLE. ENJOY THE VACBANS LADY'S C:
game-hours: 313.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 614.5
review: asked someone in casual if they wanna checkout my mixtape I told them it was fire but I was called a  then was kicked out of the game 11/10 pls buy
game-hours: 471.9
review: I was a Cod player for 9 years, I played this game for 3 hours. what was the outtcome of those 3 hours? I SUCK  AT SHOOTERS, TIME TO NO LYFE TILL IM BETTER! 70 hours later??? SUCK LESS ! PROGRESS!!!!!!!!!!!!! Edit:130 hours later? SUCKING EVEN LESS  AT THIS GLORIOUS GAME Edit:170 hours later? Silver 4 meh. Edit: 312 hours later? I have infiltrated the high Kike army and destroyed them with my Flick Stick and the ButtBallin' Crew. Silver Elite today. Silver Elite master tomorrow. Somethin's y boys Edit: 332 hours later? Silver Elite Master, i can almost taste the judgement day of nova 1, overwatch coming...Stay Tuned Boys Edit: 370 hours later? Gold Nova 1 baby. 77 comp wins and im lovin this game still. Edit: 380 hours later? Gold Nova 2 already mutha as
game-hours: 1661.6
review: A great FPS game. very competitive and intense!
game-hours: 1099.0
review: very fun whould purchase ;)
game-hours: 466.8
review: Steam has a great way of showing how little of a life you have by showing you your CS:GO hours.
game-hours: 1153.2
review: Would rate 11/10, only game where you can learn Russian swearwords and get called a noob for getting killed by anything, and being called a hacker for  a skrub casual server 1 v 10.
game-hours: 353.5
review: This game will make you cry because of the damn 64 tickrate. It will make you throw the object next to your left hand out of the window. It will make you laugh because your friend will get 360 noscoped by a teammate. But whatever happens, you will come back. You will pwn people, dominate them, and get the most beloved Global Elite rank. You will comprehend the euphoric feelings when you get the next rank. Unless you're a skrub. In that case just uninstall.
game-hours: 274.3
review: The only game where you greatly value what your gun looks like instead of how good you are using it.
game-hours: 118.7
review: A game that I could play all day and I didn't get bored .
game-hours: 614.5
review: asked someone in casual if they wanna checkout my mixtape I told them it was fire but I was called a  then was kicked out of the game 11/10 pls buy
game-hours: 1153.2
review: Would rate 11/10, only game where you can learn Russian swearwords and get called a noob for getting killed by anything, and being called a hacker for  a skrub casual server 1 v 10.
game-hours: 580.2
review: First time playing CS in general. No matter what people say about the CSGO community.... sigh.... I just keep coming back. If you get lucky you're a hacker or a smurf. If you headshot deagle you're a cheater. Everyone's favorite thing to say when you're on the losing team : "Enjoy your ban in hacker!" Everyone's favorite thing to say when you're on the winning team: " Get ." Arguments in CSGO : 1. "You're sh** , enjoy your rank up fa* " *when you're a higher rank and they are silver* 2. "Add my main if you think I'm a hacker." *When you're on an alt account and everyone is calling you a hacker* 3."I play on ESEA KID , get on my level." *self explanatory* 4."How did you shoot me through the smoke? HACKER." *rant continues back and forth about how the shot was made* 5."Good job DDOS noobs you knew you can't win against us. Keep blaming valve" *When out of nowhere every other round is being DDOS and the losing team catches up and wins* 6."Ya'll gonna get rekt guys gg, hf" *warmup round other team is being cocky, arguments in chat back and forth * 7. "I'm done with this game .... stupid broken fu***** game ." * when your team mate gets shot and complains * Overall this is the best game ever and I love the community. Dont hesitate buying this . United we stand hackers,smurfs,noobs,fraggers.
game-hours: 118.7
review: A game that I could play all day and I didn't get bored .
game-hours: 495.1
review: > joins competitive match > someone has to go > "kick me pl0x" > everyone but one person votes yes to kick > we all try to kick the person that has to go > a fifth vote is called > succesfullykicked.jpeg > wait > ohshit.png > we accidently kicked the guy that was voting no to kick the guy that had to go > srry mang > kick the person that had to go > one person adbandons > 2v5 > vote to kick last guy on team other than myself > auto kicks him because he was the only one that could vote no > 1v5 at 10/10 > wins match > called n00b hacker > I call them silver one fegs > they rage > play darude sandstorm into mic. > game ends > gg
game-hours: 577.6
review: It is just amazing!
game-hours: 1013.0
review: Fun game, I like it >:D
game-hours: 57.8
review: i liek dis game
game-hours: 362.0
review: if csgo was a banana, i would eat it, and thats saying something cos i dont like bananas :O
game-hours: 1.8
review: I ing DIED
game-hours: 1.8
review: I ing DIED
game-hours: 515.5
review: So much smurfs and hackers, so think 2 times do you really wanna get mad every time you play this game? ill hope all smurfs get banned You cant get out from the silver. Every ing time you get silver elite master. SMURFS attack you and again silver 4. So GABEN PLEASE make something for the smurffing. PLEASE Edit: 15.11.14
game-hours: 595.4
review: This game is worth paying $4 for when its on sale, you'll get your moneys worth. Though the casual servers are usually populated by mic spamming trolls and mongaloids. Or you can hop onto competitive, and if you're lucky you'll get a game without 1. a hacker 2. goober teammates 3. trolls who are out to sabotage or 4. whiners. People aside, the mechanics are slightly horrendous. Alot of the time when you hit someone it won't register. This is due to alot of factors (latency, 64 tick servers and high variation among other things). This effects gameplay tremendously. It seems to be luck based rather than skill based which is kind of cheap in an FPS. Another thing that erks me about how this game was setup.. the skins. Basically they take ideas from the community, implement them into the game and charge 2.49 for a chance of getting it in their crates. Seems really lazy on their part. If they did this with alternative gun models I wouldn't mind so much, but its just 1 model thats coloured differently. It seems like they took alot of elements from 1.6 and source and mashed them into this game. I liked the customization of Counterstrike:Source. You could really make the game your own. Your own sprays, your own UI, your own guns etc. I also loved the accuracy, and feel of cs 1.6. This game has neither of them. I don't know, this game seems more like a cash cow then anything else. If you're a hardcore FPS player its worth giving a shot but at $15 I really wouldn't recommend it.
game-hours: 156.3
review: you dont know how epic is counter strike? so sad. i need no explaination for this one.
game-hours: 569.5
review: Same kin thing with CS:S but it has weapons skins and custom maps 8.5/10 recommended 4 custom maps
game-hours: 460.4
review: This game is extremely fun, especially with friends. I like the competitive side of this game, there is a lot of information to learn and if you really want to be great at this game, it becomes addicting.
game-hours: 1103.9
review: Hmm.. This game is still in BETA to me. This game is true to its past, but that's not at all a good thing. This game needs its MM servers updated to 128 tick as many people believe aswell. They also need to work on their VAC system, less hackers would be nice but seeing on how they make money off them I dont see that being fix any time soon... but all in all it's an alright game with OK game play & the community is true to it's past.
game-hours: 1185.9
review: best game
game-hours: 355.7
review: It's very cool game 10/10 ^^
game-hours: 138.6
review: I don't even own this game and it's letting me write a review 8/10 absolute
game-hours: 343.1
review: <3
game-hours: 997.2
review: This game was at the start ! But now after all these updates it is a game where you can have much fan and play with friends. In my opinion is CS 1.6 better but I need to go with the time and I need to play this. Buy it 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 831.3
review: Best game ever.....maybe im drunk
game-hours: 682.0
review: Man this is it. Once you start playing this game, you won't be able to stop.
game-hours: 1586.8
review: If you're not already playing it religiously, you should. CS:GO is the best damn game available on the PC right now. I know, it's sad that nothing can compete with Counter-Strike for over 12 years now, but that's the way it is. You don't want to be some kind of a scrub who's bad at competitive online games, right? They'll call you a n00b and a scrub and make fun of you if you don't get good at this game. So stop wasting your time playing casual garbage and pick up this game right now.
game-hours: 175.8
review: Having this being Valve's latest CS game made so far, I would say they did quite a good job on this one. More new guns, new maps, new game modes, new graphics and animations make this game even more fun to play. But what I HATE about this game is the fact that there are way TOO MANY hackers ruining all the fun. I can't really tell whether I would recommend this or not but if you have always liked the CS series so far, you'll definitely love this one!
game-hours: 433.1
review: get carried.
game-hours: 496.5
review: you can get llama stickers on any gun
game-hours: 1638.2
review: Amazing Gunplay, Hard for new-commers, but once you learn how to successfully play and work as a team it makes CS:GO a memorable experience, this is the third installment to the famous Counter-Strike franchise and does not fail it. Competitive Mode is a must-play for any serious player. In Competitive, you are put against players with your same skill level and you must battle it out to see who is the best. This game is phenomenal, everything about it is great. 9.2/10 Awesome Game!
game-hours: 542.5
review: Amazing game!
game-hours: 577.9
review: epic game, you won't regret buying it
game-hours: 1072.7
review: ing awesome game..............
game-hours: 345.4
review: most money worthy game
game-hours: 39.6
review: Very nice/fun game. A complete (r)evolution since the launch of ' Counter-Strike Beta ' on 1998. Recommending it? OF COURSE! Muy divertido/buen juego. Una completa (r)evolucin desde que sacaron el ' Counter-Strike Beta ' en el 1998. Recomiendas el juego? PUES CLARO!!
game-hours: 213.5
review: I think CSGO is the best FPS game of vavle 'till now. I spent my free time with my friends inside the CSGO's world. The beautiful graphic is also the streng point of this game. Cool Design army uniform, various game modes, ofcourse gameplay is awesome, the perfect combine between CS 1.6 and CSS... Dont' need to talk more, just play CSGO, ENJOY!
game-hours: 588.6
review: Amazing and lots of fun
game-hours: 172.1
review: Best FPS game for me! :) Superb graphic. CS Player from Czero till CS:Go!
game-hours: 23.1
review: Perfect
game-hours: 322.1
review: erotic
game-hours: 161.3
review: This game is much more realistic.
game-hours: 129.8
review: Worst dating simulator I've ever played.
game-hours: 2555.5
review: yay fun
game-hours: 131.7
review: This game is so fun to play if you've played CSS (Counter Strike Source) then you will love CS:GO with the awesome graphics which make the game fun and the slight realism towards the game "By contrast, CS is totally egalitarian. Everyone has access to the same items, and players aren't ranked. Nobody cares if you play four hours a day, seven days a week. All that matters is how well you negotiate the next firefight. You might take out half of the enemy team... but then again, a much less skilled player might blind you with a flashbang grenade and unload his top-of-the-line shotgun into your skull. It's not unusual to see a good player climb to the top of the scoreboard only to decline back into mediocrity. In CS, skill and alertness are your primary weaponsand when you get tired, there are no unlockables to help you keep your edge."
game-hours: 505.8
review: This game is the best to meet some new eastern european people, they are always very kind to you and are always shouting nice things to you on the voice chat. Also your teammates are always carrying you. Oh Ramklov and Kael suck at this game. R8 8/8 m8
game-hours: 2025.2
review: Sounter-Strike: Global Offensive - a fresh look at Valve on how should look hardtuned discipline in the category "team first-person shooter." It is important to understand that CS: GO - it is not a "continuation" incorruptible CS 1.6 and not "killer Counter-Strike: Source. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive - a rethinking of many years of development experience, not afraid of the word, the best team shooters in the world. This evolution of cyber discipline Counter-Strike
game-hours: 513.4
review: There's a sickening sensation to dropping someone dead because you know they're not coming back.
game-hours: 354.7
review: Classic Counter-Strike for the modern age. Taking the feel and style of 1.6 with the graphical and technical improvements of Source, CS:GO makes a strong case to be the best Counter-Strike. A well done matchmaking system makes it easy to find matches with stock rules. This is furthered by the ability to choose between casual rules for when you want to practice and ranked competetitve mode with the original rules. And, should you still want the modded community servers, it's got that too. The eSports Community is alive and well with events like Dreamhack and multiple other major tournaments with massive prize pools, drawing in the top teams from around the world. Counter-Strike:Global Offensive also introduces a weapon skin drop system for customization and seasonal passes to support mapmakers. All in all, this is the best of Source and the best of 1.6 mashed together into one shiny, fluid, and amazing game. If you only are going to get one Counter-Strike, this is the one to get.
game-hours: 1213.9
review: this is the best/worst game you can buy, its so much fun, there's so much dynamic to it, but if your stuck on a bad team you're going to hate your life for the next 45 minutes
game-hours: 570.5
review: GG :3
game-hours: 209.8
review: Are we rushin' in, or are we goin' sneaky-beaky like?
game-hours: 41.5
review: Graphics and game play are much better than the Counter-Strikes before it... but like all other CS games, playing online can be a bit hectic. Ive played online only a few times and realized that I dont possess the patience needed to play with others in the CS community. There are some that are real great competitive players out there and others that are screaming kids that you have to mute.. but I assure you that I'm neither one those. So, I enjoy casual play offline with bots from time to time.
game-hours: 1276.4
review: I played for 3 hours. Had more fun then ever. Looks a lot better than CSS and AIMING is improved.. or equal 1.6 which is cool :)
game-hours: 394.1
review: It da fun lah
game-hours: 127.6
review: Amazing game. ;;)
game-hours: 839.5
review: I play this game is 450 days. Great continuation of the legendary game that won the hearts of millions. Well thought out gameplay for 15 years, new technology has allowed closer to real life. Updates are released every week, a huge permanent online (the largest in the world of paid games  100 000) do not let you get bored. My score prevailing during my games 92/100 This means that after the next update will be even better. Buy the game! This is the best game in its genre! And one of the best games in history!
game-hours: 770.0
review: I downloaded some program and it made me 10X better 10/10 game would reccomend
game-hours: 1740.5
review: After spending more than 300 on keys and cases to get -200 in profit. Playing de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_nuke, de_dust2, de_dust2 & de_dust2 thanks too the community for voting on what map to play next. Competitive? You're either a; quote: "fuker nob! go home play game!!!!!!!!!!1" or an " hackering!" 14.32/12.436 would play again. 7/11 would waste 300 again.
game-hours: 1588.2
review: Fire in the hole!
game-hours: 446.7
review: cool game :D
game-hours: 446.0
review: This game is autsim. 10/10
game-hours: 476.4
review: Full of 14 year old russians who are screaming 'idi na short bljad  urod nahui!!' through their  10$ microphones. 10/10, would play again.
game-hours: 5198.5
review: Divertido
game-hours: 206.7
review: hahahahahaha I know this dude who buys a  ton of CS:GO crates...hes an idiot...that is all. Maplestory
game-hours: 362.6
review: It's worth your time, it's worth your money, it's worth shelving your life for 6 months to learn dem peeks by heart. But are YOU worth it? Seriously, it's the definitive competitive FPS experience and you WILL sink joyful hours into this beast. You'll learn the game in a fortnight, but somehow continue learning for years. The community is mostly friendly and welcomes newcomers, and most will gladly help you out taking the first few steps into each mode of the game and new aspects. If you're one of those guys who puts "family" before gaming, and usually only buys one or two games a year, CSGO will keep you engaged for a long, long time. /family not included./
game-hours: 522.6
review: I smoked banana 10/10
game-hours: 435.0
review: One of the best games I have ever played..
game-hours: 605.6
review: Best game EVER!!!! ,but lot of HACKER !!!!
game-hours: 1921.5
review: Beast game.. xD
game-hours: 675.7
review: .
game-hours: 1177.3
review: Praise Lord GabeN. 900/10 Papayas
game-hours: 819.6
review: Kyr za rusnacite
game-hours: 403.0
review: I give the game 10/10 Reason why is because it has some Very Nice People its a great shooter and it has no in game swaring unless other player sware its only violence and blood i think you should buy it and maybe play with me sometime.
game-hours: 581.1
review: My life Ruined 10/10
game-hours: 1160.3
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 725.2
review: Negative- Russians Community MM 64-tick servers Ranking System (Broken) Russians Positive- Addicting Ez win Ez Skins New Maps every few month Ez scout
game-hours: 1046.2
review: I find man. Man go die 7 rounds in row. No kill. Man name Oleg. Oleg bad player. Oleg play nova, all time. We lose game very bad, but then comeback make, autosnipr god help us. A finali oni lose. ja streles, ja streles, a kaput. ja kaput. we lose hard game. I shoot Oleg in face with nova. ban. Good game. Worth play. RU/10
game-hours: 638.6
review: love this game, anyone that likes FPS games that likes call of duty, well this game is 10 times harder. if you want to get youre  kicked day in an day out come play this game! if not go back to cod
game-hours: 603.2
review: CS:GO is love, CS:GO is life.
game-hours: 1215.5
review: I ING HIT HIM!
game-hours: 756.6
review: First headshot i got i was called a hacker
game-hours: 1060.2
review: A game where flipping out your knife constantly is essential to the game. Getting shot in the head while flipping out your knife earns you double points. 10/10 Would play again.
game-hours: 326.8
review: This game takes quite a while to learn, but when you do, you WILL enjoy every minute of it.
game-hours: 17.0
review: You cannot win, give up now.
game-hours: 151.9
review: this is my really good review for corner-strike: global offensive content I once watched this corner for so long, I swear I saw it vibrate now I gotta buy a new skin for my corner, because wallpapers aren't free and I am an upstanding citizen god bless the corner-terrorists
game-hours: 1673.0
review: THIS IS 10% LUCK 20% SKILL 15% CONCENTRATED POWER OF WILL 5% PLEASURE 50% PAIN AND 100% REASON TO ACQUIRE THIS GAME.
game-hours: 155.5
review: This game is fun. It has a few good game modes to keep you happy, along with the community servers and the custom server mods and maps, just like counter-strike: Source and 1.6, as well like source and 1.6 people manage to take this game too seriously at times, so lets hope you know how to handle those types of people.
game-hours: 249.2
review: best chicken update yet chicken strike : global hunt best animal hunting simulator 2014 cgoty
game-hours: 799.2
review: Potato
game-hours: 1500.3
review: i hate this game 10/10
game-hours: 947.6
review: CSGO in many words -smurfs -hackers -overwatch (people getting banned for nothing), [ My freind got accused of hacking at silver 2 and his score is to low to get accused of hacking] -get stuck at the same rank forever (DMG) -need better servers -need better hit reg -offends the rest of the series -matach making cooldowns to long -match making (finding people), [ I was in a game with super low ranks while i was DMG] -yet somewhat addictive
game-hours: 70.5
review: Appareantly chickens live in office's - 10/10
game-hours: 1494.0
review: gg
game-hours: 678.9
review: i like shooty and sneeku beeku like
game-hours: 1601.0
review: gud
game-hours: 823.2
review: This game has fueled countless hours of rage and depression in my life. 10/10
game-hours: 460.3
review: You Die First They call you noob You Kill First They call you hacker You die in smoke they call you noob You kill a guy in smoke they call you hacker Internet goes off You get ban You crash in middle of game you get ban You use SCAR or G3SG1 They complain about noob weapon You use AWP They say its a noob weapon too Get Killed by grenade "NOOB!!!!!!" You kill with grenade "HACKER ITS IMPOSSIBLE!!!!!!" Real Life Karambit = 23$ CS:GO Karambit:200 $ GREAT JOB VALVE RAGE & MONEY & RUSSIAN SIMULATOR 69/10
game-hours: 347.5
review: This is probably the best shooter ever made. CS:GO has anything that was in the previous versions of CS, plus it adds awesome skins and item drops like crates. If you're lucky enough you can get rare items dropped, which you then can sell on the market. That being said, you not only have an awesome shooter with millions of maps, plenty game mods and brilliant matchmaking. In CS:GO you also have a cash-cow. Go idling, milk the cow, if you're lucky you'll get an awp skin. Or a knife model. In that case, you can quit your job and lay back.
game-hours: 259.7
review: ,       ,    .    ?    .     , ,  .     ,  .
game-hours: 1385.0
review: good game, but when i selected arms race, you run on your feet, a bit unrealistic. 9.5/10
game-hours: 2601.0
review: I just spend 20$ on keys & crates and get 3$ worth of guns. 10 Losers / 10 Will try again!
game-hours: 650.1
review: Someone don't like it? xD
game-hours: 2968.2
review: yeah
game-hours: 321.2
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 952.4
review: I am f*ckin addicted! :D 12/10
game-hours: 1226.8
review: That is good Game you Can Get money with that game ! recomended
game-hours: 645.6
review: This game is dragon.
game-hours: 1056.3
review: I bet I'm going to be a virgin for the rest of my life...
game-hours: 1439.0
review: bretty gud xDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
game-hours: 1073.7
review: too many eastern europeans 2/10
game-hours: 747.0
review: The best Russian language simulator out there.
game-hours: 226.2
review: Best chicken killing simulator of 2016. (they should've made the chickens the hostages) 11\10 still waiting on chicken skins.
game-hours: 548.2
review: 20/10 Reason: Too much russians. Knifes. Skins. Rage kids. Ranks. Lobby`s. Marketing. Many mods like: Demolition , Competitive , Casual etc. Operations like: Vanguard , Breakout , Pheonix , Huntsman etc. Music Kits. Achievements. Stickers. Workshop. Community Maps. (Written by a silver) XD
game-hours: 1222.6
review: Story is horrible nothing much more to say...
game-hours: 1075.3
review: 10/10 - Hope they Ban all Russian and French Players!
game-hours: 8.6
review: It started back in the 8th grade when I was put in ELL. I was surrounded by  and no matter how much I begged the principal to let me out of there he kept telling me I was also  and there was no way I would suceed in life. I spent days in the ELL classroom learning with people I hated and puzzles I couldn't solve. Coloring inside the lines was not only unacheiveable but I had to watch the coolest kid in ELL Eli Chubin do every day. It wasn't fair I wasn't like the rest of these kids I could do 20 pull ups! If the principal wouldn't advance me to regular classes I would have to it myself. Using the problem solving skills that landed me in ELL I devised the plan to kill every other person in the class because then I have to be moved up, I mean they couldn't have a class just for 1 person right? I searched online to find out how other people did mass murders and it seemed like the most efficient way was with shooting the place up so I decided that was what I would do. I didn't know where to start though so I searched online once again to find out how all these murderers started. I quickly learned that it was violent video games was the thing that all these murderers had in common so I decided that must be the thing that makes killers. I then bought Counter Strike as I heard you could learn how to be a terrorist and played it every day after school. After a week of playing I felt the evil inside of me and I was ready to shoot up the school. Using what I had learned from Counter Strike and the guns I borrowed from my father I went into ELL that day and killed every kid in my class. As a result of that I got moved up into regular classes just like I hoped would happen. Without Counter Strike I would still be in ELL to this day.
game-hours: 110.6
review: This game right here its almost as good as league of legends of course there isnt a game better then league of legends but this is pretty close second if your black u will do better in this gme so for my black ppl out there we got a game we can win at other then madden and gta last but not least if u want to get better at this game u gotta get me all of the cases in the world so gift me cases and we will all be happy great game i recomended it to all and xpeacially blacks wooooooooooooooooooooooo gg no re
game-hours: 167.9
review: I am happy to join with you today in what will go down in history as the greatest demonstration for freedom in the history of this game. 1/10 score years ago, a great American, in whose symbolic shadow we stand today, signed the Valve Game Submission Contract. This momentous decree came as a great beacon light of hope to millions of Terrorist slaves who had been seared in the flames of withering injustice. It came as a joyous daybreak to end the long night of their captivity. But two years later, the Terrorist is still is not free. Two years later, the life of the Terrorist is still sadly crippled by the manacles of the M4A1-S and the chains of Counter-Terrorists. Two years later, the Terrorist lives on a lonely island of poverty in the midst of a vast ocean of material prosperity. Two years later, the Terrorist is still languished in the corners of Counter-Terrorist society and finds himself an exile in his own land. And so we've come here today to dramatize a shameful condition. In a sense we've come to our nation's capital to cash a check. When the architects of our republic wrote the magnificent words of the Trade-Up Contract, they were signing a promissory note to which every player was to fall heir. This note was a promise that all men, yes, Terrorist men as well as Counter-Terrorist men, would be guaranteed the "unalienable Rights" of "Deagle, AWP, and the pursuit of Bomb Sites." It is obvious today that Counter Strike has defaulted on this promissory note, insofar as her players of Terrorism are concerned. Instead of honoring this sacred obligation, Counter Strike has given the Terrorist people a bad check, a check which has come back marked "insufficient funds." But we refuse to believe that the bank of justice is bankrupt. We refuse to believe that there are insufficient funds in the great vaults of opportunity of this game. And so, we've come to cash this check, a check that will give us upon demand the riches of Deagle and the security of AWP. 10/10 would let freedom ring again
game-hours: 282.8
review: I absolutely LOVE CSGO. I remember going over to my cousin's house when I was younger and saw him playing either CS or CSGO and always begged him to let me play. He never did, but 5 years later I finally got the game and got to join in on the fun. This game is amazing. I love the communication aspect of it and the community (most of the time). It's worth the money. (: Recommend 110%!
game-hours: 147.0
review: In this game you can point and click to kill people, and win a free iPhone*! It also features many great maps including Dust II and Dust II. This game can be very difficult for new players as it features people who are really good, they can get running head shots with an ak-47 from CT to B double doors on the best map, Dust II. It also features a skin system similar to TF 2's item system but skins aren't really usefull they just look nice, and allow you to show off how much money you can throw at people. *No iPhones can actually be won from playing this game, major rage and saddness may occur, please seek a medical proffesional before deciding to use this product.
game-hours: 1658.0
review: CS:GO is my favorite game on steam so far. As far as competitive gaming goes, look no further than Counter-strike or Dota. Counter-strike is a game where the outcome is based on each player's skill, reaction time, and TEAMWORK! Communication with your fellow soldiers is crucial to win. Calling strategies, reporting enemy whereabouts, and working closely with teammates makes this game more immersive than most PC shooters. Make sure you follow your team's economy to decide what gear to buy at the right times. Learn common locations on all the maps so you can keep your team aware of all happenings around them. It also helps that the game's mechanics are about as fluid as it gets! Have fun.
game-hours: 1180.8
review: This game puts the anger in my erection.
game-hours: 1729.6
review: Competitive makes you want to strangle kittens. 10/10
game-hours: 257.8
review: Painfully addicting game. Buy if you have a lot of spare time to learn how to control your guns.
game-hours: 269.0
review: Awesome game got AWP | Redline skin and traded it for Copy of PayDay 2, 2 copies of PayDay:The Heist,Adventures of something xD,and 2 more skins...Trade of my life...If you want to get alot of games play,get lucky,get good skins,trade,get games....^^:D
game-hours: 1966.8
review: Joins comp match Internet crashes Join Back Finish Game 24hr comp ban 10/10
game-hours: 1142.2
review: gr8 gaym
game-hours: 591.7
review: I poked my head out of a door for two seconds before getting awp'ed 0/10 put Sherk in.
game-hours: 49.5
review: Need a good fps ? -you should get this one, its BEST! 12/10... you should get it right now while its on sale!
game-hours: 739.6
review: Good game. Good community
game-hours: 347.7
review: Seriously, this game is for the trollers! 2 feuteses were buggin us and then WE get kicked for some . We only liek did some stuffs to them but that dont matter here now., be less !
game-hours: 782.7
review: best game eu
game-hours: 876.3
review: This game is awesome to play, but NO COMPETITIVE, it's full of russians who have boosted accounts and they speak only in russian.
game-hours: 647.5
review: Was Called a Noob then right after a hacker
game-hours: 410.0
review: RUSH B RUSH B!! fun game, cooldown is a bit annoying, but the rest is fine. i find it really annoying that casual 10 / 10 players is, but the gameplay makes it up. totally recommended.
game-hours: 421.3
review: dont go into this game thinking its a point and shoot and you will eventually catch on
game-hours: 283.2
review: Failing school and neglecting my family. 10/10
game-hours: 735.9
review: Bananas
game-hours: 36.3
review: If you want to learn more about russian culture , This game is just for you !. Where friendly russians can -Scream at you -Curse at you, the most common of course is - "Na kaleni, suuka" -Call you a hacker -Teach you russian -Call you a noob , no matter how pro you are . 10/10
game-hours: 796.6
review: I needed to for community badge GG
game-hours: 1025.7
review: The Action when you're shooting! The Suspense when you're defusing! The Fast-Pacing you get with playing it! Yet, it's still everyday fun!
game-hours: 251.2
review: Meow.
game-hours: 497.4
review: buy this, no questions asked!
game-hours: 1361.0
review: LUV IT!!!
game-hours: 89.1
review: A great game ! The decoy grenade ,the Incendiary and the different varieties of custom made guns has made this game yet another addictive sequel to CS 1.6 !
game-hours: 620.7
review: NIce game
game-hours: 770.4
review: Its a very good game if your looking for a first person ego shooter where teamwork is needed to win. Also theres a huge market and a lot of trading going on, for those interested in that. Altough I mentioned the team work its actually not always needed since there are different modes(competitive etc.) Well I think its a great game and would definetely recommend it.
game-hours: 1193.0
review: Very good game, the game is very balanced and fun to play with friends except Reblg Ledaren and Russian people since they dont speak much english.
game-hours: 598.4
review: This game needs a lot of skills and experience if u wanna become good at it 10/10
game-hours: 2141.7
review: I like manding futa, this game is god buy 10/10 hltv confirmed
game-hours: 780.6
review: 64 tick valve servers. They suck.
game-hours: 66.0
review: It got fire and chickens ^-^ and sum pretty bright light :3 And such headshots. 20/20 ^_^
game-hours: 716.5
review: Good game. :)
game-hours: 377.3
review: 10/10 would bang.
game-hours: 331.8
review: You like bombing  and killing people yelling allah acbar? Buy this game #jihad
game-hours: 155.8
review: you kill stuff until it dies
game-hours: 415.3
review: Sick M8
game-hours: 738.6
review: Best game !
game-hours: 164.4
review: its so fun i luv it <3
game-hours: 743.8
review: this game is sexy
game-hours: 750.3
review: Pew! Pew pew!! PEW PEW PEW! Pew pew! PEW! He's lit on cat.... oh wait, no... I didn't hit him. 7.6/10 would pew pew again
game-hours: 1075.4
review: Im in debt to the Boston mobsters now. 11/10 #skinsforwins.
game-hours: 824.4
review: Cs:go is the best shooter I ever played. It has one of the best matchmaking system and a great support. On the Steam Market you can buy or sell weapon skins.
game-hours: 963.2
review: I want to kill myself.
game-hours: 7.3
review: Better than TF2.
game-hours: 262.6
review: wertyuuytrewertyjkkjhgadfjkj hey ;)
game-hours: 14.0
review: don't try playing on terrorist team while you're at an airport i did once
game-hours: 247.4
review: Must buy if you love FPS games! Very nice online FPS game... and the nice weapon :D 100 Star for this
game-hours: 913.9
review: At the momment the only competitive FPS game with some of the good implementetions when it comes to matchmaking and also playing with your friends. Has very steep learning curve when it comes to weapons ( recoil, spread etc.). I would reccomend this game unless you are anoyed by next few things i am about to mention. First and foremost, Russians. Very annoying, trying to communicate in their native language even if it not a international language. Words they use, blyet, sukha. Second problem, kids. Because of this game i decided i will NEVER have kids, they are god awful creatures if you give them PC-s and a bad headset. Tend to scream and curse, even when not provoked. Of course "block communication" is a viable option but then you exlude one of the biggest parts of this game out of it. Still i like the game and i think it would worth you a while to buy it and play it. Added on 2014.10.17 After so many hours, i have found a fundamental flaw with this game. It is called the "a cooldown period". What it does basically is punsihing you for leaving game, killing team mates or dealing damage to your team mates. Also if you lose connection you will be spanked by valve. Why is this a flawed system, well i will explain that with as few words as possible. First of all is noobnes level of the players i play with *silver. You may throw grenade and he might run into it and die, of course who gets punished, YOU. Again russians and how ly persistant they are. If you say B, you can almost guarantee he wil go on A screaming at the same time ", BLYET, OBAMA BAD". So eventually you are forced to kill him, take the bomb and plant. I wrote this review in hope to get some feedback because i play 2-3 matches and then back to 7 day period cooldown. I honestly hope to get some suggestions aty least, and i hope you will find this usefull.
game-hours: 2079.3
review: Awsome game !
game-hours: 448.3
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, if you like getting smurfed by nerds who can't stay at their own rank, hacked by kids who can't get good, and a ranking system though up by a  monkey then this game is for you.
game-hours: 819.7
review: Great! Time wasted. WASTED 728 FOCKING HOURS WENT TO BLOODY RECTUHM 8/10
game-hours: 2932.6
review: Previous players to the Counter-Strike series will fit right at home in Global Offensive. From brilliant graphics and physics to heated game matches with true competivie play i highly recommend CSGO to anyone looking to get into FPS or veterans to the game type. CSGO is a outstanding deal at $15 USD and expansion packs for only $3 USD. Maybe EA should learn a thing or two? *that'll never happen* WARNING** This game is highly addictive and will consume thousands of hours of your life. WARNING LEVEL 2***** This game is also heavily skill based. Do not assume people are hackers right away as many players have 5 years+ and can aim down a scope in 2/10's of a second and take your head off. ^_^ enjoy the game and thanks for reading me review!
game-hours: 661.5
review: If there were ever to be a world war 3, i sincerely hope the Russians gets nuked, all because of this game. 10/10
game-hours: 1717.1
review: was skeptical abt the game....bought it but dint play fr a year...guess was too happy getting frags in css...but once u start enjoying the game...its best...loved by both css and 1.6 community
game-hours: 44.2
review: Decently Fun shooter (coming from a 2 year clean call of duty addict never been so peaceful in my life haha) very fun to play with friends lots of skins the devs care about the game and listen to the players it has a bit of a learning curve though can be frustrating at times but with enough practice anybody can play well enough to help the team another thing I should mention is the fact that many tryhards play this game while this is not a bad thing do not be suprised if your new to the game and you get yelled at a lot for dying once but dont let it affect the fun that can be had with this game Thanks for reading and most Importantly Have Fun!
game-hours: 205.1
review: Smoke mid everyday Rush B everygame Camp Pit everytime Oh and don't forget: if you loose, blame your teammates P.S. This game is a competitive FPS where you play as good guys (CT) or bad guys (T) Bad guys have to plant the bomb or defend hostages while killing the good guys. The good guys have to defuse the bomb or save hostages while killing bad guys. Simple, isn't it ? This game is fun. 10/10 P.S.S. This game's called Counter Strike: Global Offensive but it might look like more Team Counter 2: Fortress Offensive (since the Arms deal update) but if you aren't interested in weapon skins you aren't obliged to buy keys to open cases, skins don't affect the gameplay (But they're F***ing cool tho)
game-hours: 369.1
review: YES.
game-hours: 557.6
review: Knives that cost $30 in real life cost $300 in this game. Go Valve. Besides that, this game is loads of fun.
game-hours: 1470.6
review: :X kheyli kirie
game-hours: 1057.3
review: Good Old CS Gameplay + Hats = WIN
game-hours: 1066.5
review: GOOOOD GAME !!!!!!!
game-hours: 512.8
review: Good game - Bad Community
game-hours: 1429.9
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a ing hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a ing hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a ing noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a ing hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you ing idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a ing idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you ing idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a ing coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you ing idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You ing camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You ing camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You ing hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you ing serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosing and you are in last - Someone vote to kick you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Your team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban The RAGE Simulator is REAL
game-hours: 1672.4
review: I'm hooked on this game, best fps I've ever played. 10/10
game-hours: 365.0
review: some of the skins are nice, but the community is , its full of smurfs, and hackers, s and trolls, and the ban system is unusable at best, completely broken at worst, get kicked too many times? BAN kick to many people? BAN report too many people? BAN why have the options for these things and have them be penalized for being used???? honestly i really enjoy this game in the RARE times where i dont get a smurf or hacker or s on the other team, wait till its on sale to buy it, but OH WAIT thats not all bob when the game does go on sale thats just another wave of smurfs and hackers buying the game becuase its extrememly cheap, please fix this valve, please for the love of god fix this
game-hours: 98.2
review: Played for a few mins on Competitive acidentlty shot teammate banned for 7 days, TWICE! 3rd time I got kicked by some 'friends' for the bants and banned again 0/10
game-hours: 967.8
review: An absolutely great game.The massive graphics along with the community just make it look awesome.
game-hours: 842.5
review: one of the best fps shooters I've played. Whether its the realistic recoil or the simple pick them up and play games. I give this a high reccomendation
game-hours: 35.1
review: Shoot someone = 0 damage Get shot = kill 10/10 rage simulator
game-hours: 248.4
review: i'm gay
game-hours: 56.4
review: The book was better.
game-hours: 1023.3
review: pew pew pew
game-hours: 135.7
review: skyrim with guns
game-hours: 1151.6
review: n1 game
game-hours: 326.5
review: Classical game gone wrong, that's my summary at least. If you think the game is even at any point as good as 1.6 or CSS, think again. I'll list some pros and cons. Pros : Good looking skins. Remade maps. Easy to invite friends to a lobby/get a team farily quick. Modes like Arms race (Gun Game) or Deathmatch has been made official gamemodes. Cons : Community is rotten, way through, into the core and back on the other side. Ranking system is completly broken. Spraypatterns take long time to learn and master, especially AK-47. Can't select playable character in casual/competetive gamemodes,neither any other. People tend to buy the game on a different account, leveling up themself with that one so they meet people who are new, with themselfs as very skilled players. Cheating, when you see it you'll understand. Changed spraypatterns. Smaller, and somewhat broken, hitboxes. Wallbanging is rare. If Valve took time and developed a good ranking system this game could have been amazing, but no. The game is about 6 Euros on a steam sale, people buy it, Smurf, and destroy for all the other players. You need about 5 wins in a row to rank up one rank, every god damn time. It doesn't matter if you beat NiP or HeatoN himself, you won't rank up without 5 wins in a row. Good luck with that when the matchmaking isn't working properly because someone wanted to rank up twice. Until Valve fixes this problem, together with the cheating, this game is a big nono. Stick with 1.6 or Source, you'll have trice the fun you have here.
game-hours: 885.2
review: This game is very good. It is one of the best shooter games I have ever played. It is super fun to play this game with friends using voice chat. There are different matches you can join. Competative may be hard for new players. this game is hard for new players. It is completely different Counter-Strike game. It has a lot of skins, weapons, maps, and other cool stuff. I recommend this game to everyone who likes games which need teamwork and cooperation.
game-hours: 1102.3
review: fun game
game-hours: 704.7
review: idi naxuj
game-hours: 490.5
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 3443.3
review: CS:GO has came along way from the beta days. The developers have worked with the community to develop the game into a likeable FPS game for any PC FPS gamer. I love what it's done to the community!
game-hours: 1212.3
review: shoot guns.
game-hours: 577.7
review: n1 game m8 h8
game-hours: 1190.3
review: Best game ever 10/10, need dem knives
game-hours: 232.7
review: i came from cod to try to play something else beside russian squeekers that i totally dont understand and germans who cant speak english. now i play competetive here and i met some nice kids who can talk normal in their mic without screaming and talking garbage langeauge. Remember, no russian! edit: there is no  teambalance in counter strike. competive... i always get dropped in the bad teams....
game-hours: 265.5
review: Everyone is so friendly in this game.
game-hours: 555.3
review: good
game-hours: 420.6
review: If you solo match-make you are gonna have a bad time ~
game-hours: 107.7
review: As a real life soldier this potreys a very very real feel, I once had my buddy's legs blown off from an IED. On his death bed I sent him a box, he didn't have a key though so he had to pay me about tree fiddy. Well he opened it and got a StatTrak Karambit Case Hardened, he's also dead now. Not from the IED. Don't let your war buddies open boxes kids.
game-hours: 1099.4
review: this is the kind of game you would play if there was no other games to play on earth if my computer could run minecraft or an super nintendo emulator to play starfox id never have played this game. first of all there is no story how are you supposed to compete with the triple a titles without a story its like they are taking a step back condition zero had a story but this one doesn valve what are you guys doing over there? playing yahtzee? if i didnt loose all my dice id be playing yahtzee right now. i had a girl friend but she dumped me because id never let her win at yahtzee i was on track to make it to nationals but druce friedmen rolled the 1 2 3 4 1 combo and shattered my dreams at reigonals. this game is ight
game-hours: 1123.6
review: Grab a friend and enjoy the game
game-hours: 1221.3
review: Great game. Simple(no perks, unlocks, kill streaks) skill based first person shooting action that's still very hard to beat. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 1212.3
review: shoot guns.
game-hours: 2932.6
review: Previous players to the Counter-Strike series will fit right at home in Global Offensive. From brilliant graphics and physics to heated game matches with true competivie play i highly recommend CSGO to anyone looking to get into FPS or veterans to the game type. CSGO is a outstanding deal at $15 USD and expansion packs for only $3 USD. Maybe EA should learn a thing or two? *that'll never happen* WARNING** This game is highly addictive and will consume thousands of hours of your life. WARNING LEVEL 2***** This game is also heavily skill based. Do not assume people are hackers right away as many players have 5 years+ and can aim down a scope in 2/10's of a second and take your head off. ^_^ enjoy the game and thanks for reading me review!
game-hours: 96.0
review: it's Awsome But if they Clean the hacks it will BE OVER POWER ^_^
game-hours: 1935.7
review: CSGO is one of the best games, because it doesn't consist only of shooting but also tactics.
game-hours: 1535.2
review: Chickens chickens chickens chickens
game-hours: 1161.8
review: Best way to learn russian in under an hour.
game-hours: 522.1
review: Every Friday after I recieve my paycheck I deposit it. Saturday mornings I wake up not remebering the previous night with a headache and a sore . I roll out of my bed on to the floor and pick myself up just enough to click play on CSGO, I spend the time that it takes me to load CSGO (NO SSD MASTER RACE HERE) getting up from my starting position to sit in my chair (very hard to do with a wrecked bottom) Naturally at this time I start to remeber certain details about the previous night. I check my phone, a text from my bank, I've overdrawn. My Foggy bits and pieces start to clear and gradually turn to horror as I see a little yellow box with a 10 in it under the word inventory, and a message telling me i have new items. I click inventory as i am suddenly overcome with the dawning realization of my previous nights activities as my shiny new Stat Trak skins bounce into view on my screen. so much red. I lose control of my bowels and also vomit all over my keyboard and screen then pass out. If you buy this game. it would be smart to also buy some lube, in bulk, Dont play CSGO if you dont want your anal region violated again and again. game mechanics .... crap teamwork... crap community of friendly people for beginners... crap but u can buy skins for your gunz to make them look pretty so you spend your entire time distracted by the colors while you get shot at and lose the game for your team Valve is a cruel, cruel mistress. I Can't ING WAIT FOR SATURDAY MORNING. 10/10 will buy lube again.
game-hours: 749.7
review: You can chase chickens around , 69/69
game-hours: 367.7
review: NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN
game-hours: 178.5
review: CS:GO is one of the best games I've played ^^
game-hours: 666.4
review: Good game
game-hours: 2855.6
review: So after playing Counter Strike for about 1 year now and putting over 1000 hours into it, I thought I would make a little review. Throughout the time i've played I've seen many Good/Bad changes made to the game. I still think some of the changes are a little stupid but I've come to get used to it. Although there are a lot of cheaters I still manage to have fun. Whenever I encounter a cheater I just laugh and mess around with them, because it's funny to think people would waste 15$ on re-buying the game for multiple accounts to cheat on. I was recently reading a reddit post by a proffesional CS:GO player by the name of DaZeD in where he mentions a way that can reduce cheaters by a mass amount of numbers. He basically stated that CS:GO should add a system so that the first 50 queues are unranked so the cheaters would basically be going against other cheaters. He also said that after you finish the first 50 queues you can start playing for ranks and start playing on 128 tic servers. I agree with all of what he said. This was originally going to be a small review and it turned into a little over a paragraph. If you actually read all of this and have any opinions leave a comment letting me know, and I'll try to get back to you.
game-hours: 1161.8
review: Best way to learn russian in under an hour.
game-hours: 937.7
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is certainly an interesting game. When I first got into the game I played and was horrible. I then put in a lot of time into this game. I went from Silver 3 when I was first ranked, and now I'm Gold Nova 3. My highest rank was Gold Nova Master. Overall, this game is a quality game. It is frustrating with the ammount of hackers and smurfers. However, I'm learning that it is just a part of the game. Smurfing is understandable, hacking is not. You need to really understand the maps, callouts, smokes and flash spots. When you jump into a competetive game realize that your money is not your money, it is your team's money. If you do not play with that mentality, you have no reason to play competitive. This game is an A- for me overall. It has the most hours for me on steam for a reason. However Valve, please get a better hack detector. I know for every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction. This time however it seems that the reaction is far better than the action. If you come into this game wanting to play something that is exhilerating and competitive, you my friend have come to the right place.
game-hours: 281.4
review: Perfect :D
game-hours: 1452.6
review: Got an A on my russian exam!
game-hours: 848.2
review: Its Just Great ain't that enough..
game-hours: 690.0
review: 10/10 get it
game-hours: 859.8
review: Hey, i am just curious if anyone else does this. Every day when i take a shower, i like to turn the water super hot, hold my nuts in my hand and let the scalding hot water run over them. Lately my balls have been extremely itchy for some reason, so instead of itching them, i burn them with scalding hot water to relieve the itching and it is quite possibly the most amazing sensation i've ever felt in my life. It feels amazing and i'm doing less damage to the skin than if i were to scratch them. I just have to be careful because the hot water hitting my hand or my thighs hurts really bad so it can be difficult to only let the scalding hot water hit my nuts and nothing else. As i've been doing this, the itching has gotten less intense as the days go on so the treatment seems to be working. I know it's weird but i'm telling you it feels incredible. I'm not saying other people should try it, but if you've got an itch, perhaps a better alternative is to burn them with scalding hot water. Posted: 19 April 2014
game-hours: 615.1
review: this game ing blows
game-hours: 3142.4
review: Why CS:GO was the best game: One Shot, One Kill No Luck, All Skill Why CS:GO is the worst game: One Shot, Five Kills Any Boost, No Skill
game-hours: 1433.6
review: Destroyed my life and everything i love. Computer blue screened in competitive and got banned for 7 days. Punched a hole through my wall. 10/10
game-hours: 1767.9
review: Best competitive Fps I have played to date. Very addictive. 11/10
game-hours: 1812.2
review: Tried to play Arms Race but you still run with feet. 2/10
game-hours: 865.8
review: wow valvo u nevr get tired do u!?!?!?!?!?!? horrible ripoff of Calll O Dduty ttttthis doesnt even have PERKS i mean its an ok game but they juts stoled off all the guns from cod and calld it csgo u get to kill terrorists so tahts cool i guess 8/10
game-hours: 543.1
review: Great game, Great community! Even girls play it :O!
game-hours: 301.8
review: Awesome game <#3
game-hours: 959.3
review: 50 IN 4
game-hours: 2523.5
review: Amazing game! Great frequent updates adding new features, maps, and gameplay fixes. Unlike many other first person shooter titles, CS: GO offers great tactical teamplay; not just a one man army type game. I really enjoyed playing this game, which also explains 1, 000 hours I've spent on this game. I highly recommend purchase this game if you haven't already, you won't regret it! You can also take a look at a longer version review:
game-hours: 1002.5
review: VERRY GOOD GAME LOVE IT ALOT!!!
game-hours: 671.6
review: Never been wall hacked in my life. Always maches me up with the best "MLG" Level Players! I would play this game forever! Keep up the good work! A Must buy! Girls will like you more if you own this game %100 fact
game-hours: 671.2
review: Awesome Gameplay. 10/10.
game-hours: 507.2
review: Sexard
game-hours: 467.6
review: Must buy!
game-hours: 414.4
review: The newer Counter-Strike actually got me again to love Counter-Strike. It's new great graphics, workshop support, weapon skins, a lot of new gamemodes, player rating system and the watch tab made Counter-Strike a whole better game. If you are a fan of shooters this one is for you.
game-hours: 1137.8
review: Cool Game, Enjoying it !
game-hours: 334.3
review: autos o forgiven poly kalos re
game-hours: 571.7
review: This is a great game to play together with friends. Matchmaking is not the best, but sometimes you get to play against equally-skilled opponents, resulting in great and intense matches. However, you're not forced to use matchmaking, an old Source-server-browser is of course still available. Music is just perfect. It looks good and the weapons feel alright. Recommended!
game-hours: 235.9
review: make sure you always buy famas
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.6
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2868.4
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 202.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 765.8
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 1878.6
review: It may lack some of the community niceties, beloved maps (Assault, anyone?), and little features of past games, but Global Offensive delivers on the promise of a faithful, polished, and better looking Counter-Strike for whoever wants it. Even if the community doesn't meet the golden standard of 1.6 and Source, CS:GO will remain a multiplayer classic for those willing to put in the time to learn the maps and weapons.
game-hours: 2114.2
review: best FPS Games Right Now!!
game-hours: 320.8
review: great game
game-hours: 805.3
review: deal with it
game-hours: 1769.2
review: EASY PEASY LEMON SQUEEZY
game-hours: 538.0
review: I dont like Counter strike but This CS IS REALLY FUN
game-hours: 276.2
review: Good game but, be prepared to pay to win
game-hours: 835.8
review: ESSE JOGO MUDOU O MEU ESTILO DE VIDA = ANTES EU ERA UM NERDO GORDO AGORA SOU UM NERDO GORDO QUE SABE DA ALTOS HS DE AUPE. EU COMECEI JOGANDO CS NO HALF-LIFER DANDO TIRO NOS ET EU ACHAVA MUITO CHATO ENTAO FUI PRO CS DA TIRO NAS PESSOA DA VIDA REAL FOI LOCO XD. SE TEM UMA COISA QUE ESSE JOGO ME ENSINOU E QUE OS TR TEM AS MELHOR ARMA E QUEM MANDA  O TRAFICO AA!!!!!!! E TECO-TECO M ARMA DE VIADO FLW NOTAS: JOGABILIDADE = 10 GRAFICOS = 10 HISTRIA = 10
game-hours: 3475.4
review: After over one thousand hours spent this is my review of Counter Strike Global Offensive. First of is... Gameplay! I think the gameplay of CS:GO is so close to perfect that it becomes beyond addicting! Its almost always a challange in almost anything! From Competitive matchmakings to Jailbreak Servers, from Arms Race to Surfing! There is endless creativity out in the community and it keeps getting better with the support of the developers. Is it different from Counter Strike: Source? To be completely honest... Yes. Its not Counter Strike 2, But its something in between! And this is not a bad thing! In fact... Its great! It still has some remaining feel of CS:S but with new looks, maps, gamemodes, skins and UI... The list keeps going. Why should I listen to you? This is my opinion, not yours! All this is just a little push in the right direction for a new player who does not know Counter Strike. The final score! I'll give this game 9/10 for the reason of amazing communities, massive e-sport events, developer support, design, performance and in general its one of those FPS's you need to really grind to get really skilled at. And when you have developed that skill... You will have a new challange waiting around the corner. //Fridge [CS:GO Competitive Player]
game-hours: 321.2
review: In-depth guns and . Surf. Negev. Shrek-9. Can Trolleh friends. 9/11 Rubber Chickens.
game-hours: 682.3
review: Very Good -IGN
game-hours: 301.9
review: It is slowly destroying cs 1.6, but it's worth all about it. (1)Wanna learn Russian? -This game has all the lessons needed. (2)Wanna be called a hacker / noob at the same game? -Enough players ready to do that. (3)Wanna open cases and get a 4 cent skin? -Everytime, no worries. (4)Not good at cs games, bad aim? -Blame the lag. Tell me if i forgot something, also let me show you some types of people you will handle in this lovely game: (Type1) Those who just play normally, don't care about the chat or anyone else. (Type2) Those kind of people who don't play this game seriously, they do their best to troll / be funny. (Type3)  got real, they play like it's their last game! (Type4) Afk people, they join a game just to be afk.. (Type5) Mic spammers, mute everything on your settings before your headphones blow up! *Mostly russians* (Type6) They have no idea what's going on, it's like an "adventure game" for them. This game is full of adventure, it's sometimes a pain in the  however i'm fully recommending it.
game-hours: 1470.7
review: This game make me forget about eating
game-hours: 1703.2
review: It's still a Counter Strike, but there's a few things that should be changed. This game should be about holding angles, not about checking corners. Map designs should be similar to CS 1.6 maps. Second thing, the flashes should be way more effective, as if you turn around you barely get flashed, while in CSS or CS 1.6 your screen would actually be a lot brighter than in this game. Third thing, quick-scoping with AWP is so random now, unlike in 1.6 where it is perfect as it should be. Fourth and final thing, the deagle: it costs 800$ and you can get P250, which is way more useful, for 300$. Deagle should have the same specifications as it had in previous Counter Strike games, because then those 800$ would be worth of spending.
game-hours: 463.5
review: good game much fun 10/10
game-hours: 804.1
review: So far every bear who respects himself will play this game in his free time +s:Skins which cost more than ACTUAL guns! (WAYYYYYYYY more,I actually had the chance to buy an AR15 after I sold my knife skin for money on paypal :D) Free and easy russian learning lessons You will be cool if you play it,and get to wear a cool leather jacket Improved graphics Halloween update (so easy to spot enemies with that silly masks on) The feel after doing an ace (damn its 10 times better than smoking rocks) You could make lots of money if you get better at this (Making a team,playing in championships) NIP Fans (JK Bear hates mainstream) Now time for -s :( : Bad competitive system and racism towards bears (Gaben pls I give you 40$ monthly and you give me dumbass teammates who kick me for no reason) Language! ENGLISH MODAFUKA DO YOU SPEAK IT?! Skins (If you played already,do you know that creepy virgin guy who stares at your avatar and tries to sell you skins very cheap,just so his teammates will backstab you and your teammates kick you) Desert Eagle is very,very bad compared to previous games Now sad story:mi uncil fight moslem in csgo,moslem plant bomb and laugh,uncil does 720 scope ace and insta kill moslem.dies cuz he forgot to defuse and put sad violin on and said dumb words,then gave me knife skin and die like a wh0r3 that he is and will forever be..like dis if u cri evertime.
game-hours: 1116.4
review: PlaineWayne and David Makalaster recommend this game.
game-hours: 775.3
review: 77777777777777777777
game-hours: 876.7
review: I'm a pizza!
game-hours: 1799.0
review: Get killed by someone, you are a noob so kill yourself Kill someone, you are an hacker so kill yourself. Conclusion:You must kill yourself. 11/10
game-hours: 510.1
review: if you can't take a hint this game is broken very broken
game-hours: 761.3
review: The ranking system is complete trash, but the game is still fun.
game-hours: 1739.4
review: I totally recommend Counter Strike: Global Offensive. I've been playing Counter Strike and Counter Strike: Source for almost a decade and I can say this is the best competitive First-Person Shooter game ever. Counter Strike is the past, the present and the future of competitive FPS gaming.
game-hours: 1461.8
review: Once this game has aim-down-sights, a major feature of all FPS games, I might actually consider taking it seriously or even, at some point, recommending it.
game-hours: 1521.3
review: Have you ever felt excited and frustrated at the same time or laughed and then felt like punching the closest wall to you? Well if not this is the game for you! Counter Strike Global Offensive has a continuously growing player base and incredible content that updates monthly. It is similar to the other cs games so I wont dive into all that but in short its a must if you like a well balanced competitive shooter.
game-hours: 526.0
review: i hate this game though i can't stop playing it 11/10
game-hours: 1252.9
review: Best game competitive
game-hours: 1230.4
review: 64/128 would tick again
game-hours: 445.7
review: Yooo
game-hours: 1119.7
review: homo
game-hours: 78.7
review: Bought the game in a sale for 3,75$ found a case worth 6$ 10/10 thanks for free money valve!
game-hours: 1549.4
review: Hi ich bin cool
game-hours: 661.9
review: Valve   .
game-hours: 746.6
review: Nothing turns me on more then getting verbally abused by my teamates in competitive games as I run around spawn with my knife catching chickens for din dins. 10/10
game-hours: 1150.1
review: One day I found a Russian friend and I called him Carl. We played games together. We laughed. We cried. The darkness came. Carl failed the game. I blocked Carl. 10/10
game-hours: 348.6
review: One day I bought this because it was on sale for about $2.50. I didn't think much of it but then I started playing. I couldn't believe how addicting it was. I started losing sleep and skipping meals. It started to show on my physical health. My family started bugging me about it and even considered putting me into a rehabilitation center. Let's just say they won't be bugging me anymore. But now I dont have the funds to maintain an internet connection. I've sold everything I have just to play. I can't even go to starbucks and use their wifi because I sold my clothes and apparently they dont accept nudity. So basically I'm writing this review from my phone on top of a bridge. My life isn't worth it without this game. Yet it seems to have ruined my life. Goodbye world. gr8/8
game-hours: 810.4
review: This en game. Dont buy you will never get any thing good. All the noobs will get . This game doesnt even make sense. My team has like NERF GUNS AND THE OTHER TEAM HAS LIKE EXPLOSIVE AP ROUNDS THAT GO THROUGH EN BATTLE SHIPS. Ill play this game when there is an update saying that both teams will get GUNS THAT HAVE BULLETS AND BOTH TEAMS WILL HAVE ARMOR not plastic armor KEVLAR. But gabe will never do this cuz this game is so bad
game-hours: 2609.7
review: Play CS:GO
game-hours: 324.3
review: this games have p90 and nice skin also. if ur use awP for 2 round or even longer i come taze ar  u then teabad also. this not morder wrfare fagt this is v hadr skills for -pr0 this kids anoy me on serv i kick he  im 14 as  and will pillage yu
game-hours: 695.2
review: Even if you play like a piece of  the whole time, sometimes you will make a clutch or an ace and feel like your a pro-mlg-swag-yolo-420-player. 11/10
game-hours: 336.6
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 848.7
review: I really enjoy this game alot :)! ofc I rate it 10/10!
game-hours: 324.3
review: this games have p90 and nice skin also. if ur use awP for 2 round or even longer i come taze ar  u then teabad also. this not morder wrfare fagt this is v hadr skills for -pr0 this kids anoy me on serv i kick he  im 14 as  and will pillage yu
game-hours: 348.6
review: One day I bought this because it was on sale for about $2.50. I didn't think much of it but then I started playing. I couldn't believe how addicting it was. I started losing sleep and skipping meals. It started to show on my physical health. My family started bugging me about it and even considered putting me into a rehabilitation center. Let's just say they won't be bugging me anymore. But now I dont have the funds to maintain an internet connection. I've sold everything I have just to play. I can't even go to starbucks and use their wifi because I sold my clothes and apparently they dont accept nudity. So basically I'm writing this review from my phone on top of a bridge. My life isn't worth it without this game. Yet it seems to have ruined my life. Goodbye world. gr8/8
game-hours: 393.1
review: Kill chickens, Have fun, Meet people, Start a stream, get a following, Get donated a knife, try to trade up to 60 keys for the knife, Get scammed, Quit the game, blow brains out 10/10 best scam simulator
game-hours: 2609.7
review: Play CS:GO
game-hours: 746.6
review: Nothing turns me on more then getting verbally abused by my teamates in competitive games as I run around spawn with my knife catching chickens for din dins. 10/10
game-hours: 1150.1
review: One day I found a Russian friend and I called him Carl. We played games together. We laughed. We cried. The darkness came. Carl failed the game. I blocked Carl. 10/10
game-hours: 138.2
review: In this game I get to be the MVP while playing a song that screams "All I want for Christmas is to kick your " from a album titled 'MERRY CHRISTMAS ERS'
game-hours: 623.5
review: The best game ever!
game-hours: 183.4
review: Pretty good game, you can have spray-painted guns, and stickers, the maps are really good, Nuke is my favorite map, you can't respond on some of the game modes, it's like the T.V show the deadliest warrior, this game deservers a 10/10, Good Job Valve.
game-hours: 777.6
review: Very realistic lol jk 64 tic forever.
game-hours: 275.0
review: this game
game-hours: 251.9
review: You get points for killing chinkens "Game of the year 999999999/10" - IGN
game-hours: 273.1
review: wre the fuc is me 360 noscop? dis gamjme iz so bad sinze g4ben only cares abut moneyz... cnt even hrd scope anymre wat teh fuc is tis ? fukin n00bz
game-hours: 7.9
review: Community is full of s that are exceptionally competitive and most likely played the game non-stop since release. I don't really want to go back to this if the community thinks that having a life outside of Counter Strike is like announcing the Holocaust was justified.
game-hours: 913.7
review: ING  GAME WITH UNBALANCED  AND  RUSSIANS WHO CANT PLAY WITHOUT WALLHACK  AND AIMBOT . I CANT EVEN EXPRESS MY ANGER ON THE CHEATDETECTOR  SOFTWARE. ING !
game-hours: 23.9
review: one of the tiest and generic fps games i've ever played, ing in-game market like wtf? this ain't tf2 yo, and these ty  64 ticks server, good luck hitting any es! unless if u get lucky and hit the huge  hitbox fro headshots hahaaaaaaa
game-hours: 281.9
review: Come on valve first: paid weapons skins And now paid music?? Are you ing serius .... The game is not much more than cs 1.6 and css only graphic improvments maybe at least i did not see them but people say it's better looking... Anyway don't buy if you don't like store like menus and being reminded to buy this or that...
game-hours: 1245.4
review: CS GO Jogabilidade: Regular Grficos: Bom Segurana (VAC): Ruim Som: Regular Interao: Pessima Mdia do jogo: Ruim - Jogabilidade (Modo Competitivo): Os jogadores usam hackers, cheaters dentre outros meios de se beneficiar, a Valve sabe disso e nao faz nada a respeito, Inuria  o hacker mais conhecido 80 R$ por ms. (Modo Casual,Deathmatch e outros) Bem divertido pra descontrair, desde que tome cuidado com os jogadores que sempre querem ser os melhores e ficam rushando sem nenhum conceito de jogabilidade e senso de trabalho em equipe. -Interao: Voc  expulso das partidas se no souber jogar o jogo, todos que te matam, humilham voc, so preconceituoso, no tem educao necessria para respeitar outros jogadores, principalmente os brasileiros, so os piores jogadores de CS ou qualquer jogo online, s sabem chingar e falar mal dos outros, no respeitam ningum e so quase todos prepotentes, inexperientes e sem nenhum senso de jogabilidade. -Grficos: Source 2 Graphic Engine, leve, sem muitos bugs, rodar sem nenhum problema nos computadores mais bsicos, verificar requisitos abaixo. -Segurana: Provavelmente um dos piores ant cheaters que ja foram criados  o VAC, decadente,  ridiculo como uma empresa to grande e to poderosa financeiramente no consegue impedir o uso de cheaters em seus games. -Som: Boa qualidade de audio ambiental, com um bom equipamento pode-se ouvir o inimigo distante, at usando a luneta dos rifles snipers, pssima recepo do som das armas, quem procurar um simulador de tiro FPS no espere muito de CS GO, pois o som dos disparos  deprimente. Quem quiser se aventurar mais em um bom jogo de tiro recomendo Insurgency [insurgent]
game-hours: 281.9
review: Come on valve first: paid weapons skins And now paid music?? Are you ing serius .... The game is not much more than cs 1.6 and css only graphic improvments maybe at least i did not see them but people say it's better looking... Anyway don't buy if you don't like store like menus and being reminded to buy this or that...
game-hours: 1245.4
review: CS GO Jogabilidade: Regular Grficos: Bom Segurana (VAC): Ruim Som: Regular Interao: Pessima Mdia do jogo: Ruim - Jogabilidade (Modo Competitivo): Os jogadores usam hackers, cheaters dentre outros meios de se beneficiar, a Valve sabe disso e nao faz nada a respeito, Inuria  o hacker mais conhecido 80 R$ por ms. (Modo Casual,Deathmatch e outros) Bem divertido pra descontrair, desde que tome cuidado com os jogadores que sempre querem ser os melhores e ficam rushando sem nenhum conceito de jogabilidade e senso de trabalho em equipe. -Interao: Voc  expulso das partidas se no souber jogar o jogo, todos que te matam, humilham voc, so preconceituoso, no tem educao necessria para respeitar outros jogadores, principalmente os brasileiros, so os piores jogadores de CS ou qualquer jogo online, s sabem chingar e falar mal dos outros, no respeitam ningum e so quase todos prepotentes, inexperientes e sem nenhum senso de jogabilidade. -Grficos: Source 2 Graphic Engine, leve, sem muitos bugs, rodar sem nenhum problema nos computadores mais bsicos, verificar requisitos abaixo. -Segurana: Provavelmente um dos piores ant cheaters que ja foram criados  o VAC, decadente,  ridiculo como uma empresa to grande e to poderosa financeiramente no consegue impedir o uso de cheaters em seus games. -Som: Boa qualidade de audio ambiental, com um bom equipamento pode-se ouvir o inimigo distante, at usando a luneta dos rifles snipers, pssima recepo do som das armas, quem procurar um simulador de tiro FPS no espere muito de CS GO, pois o som dos disparos  deprimente. Quem quiser se aventurar mais em um bom jogo de tiro recomendo Insurgency [insurgent]
game-hours: 358.0
review: it's terrible
game-hours: 84.5
review: Skins get wins 11/10.
game-hours: 2212.1
review: I've just bought a vinyl record of a metal band from the main menu! /10
game-hours: 1074.0
review: salmons have long legs
game-hours: 1014.7
review: This game is my religion
game-hours: 808.8
review: Nice tactical shooter. Sometimes I have to rage. But its ok. Nice team game.
game-hours: 1284.3
review: Death is a great teacher. Failure in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is, as it always has been for this series, the greatest way to learn where you should have gone, what you shouldn't have done, and how you could have done better. Counter-Strike players spend a lot of time learning -- consequently, they are always getting better. Growth is an important factor in Global Offensive, especially if you're coming into Counter-Strike fresh or after a sabbatical. This is an extremely hardcore, skill-based first-person shooter, and it forces you to think differently than other modern shooters. If youre a Call of Duty player, youre going to need to change your play style to succeed here. Counter-Strike also tries developing into something new here as well, despite doing little to push itself beyond what its always done best. Global Offensive modifies old maps to keep veterans on their toes, and introduces official new modes that encourage different play styles for the first time in almost 15 years. For the uninitiated, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a small-scale, team-based first-person shooter with permanent death. When a counter-terrorist kills a terrorist planting explosives in a classic Defusal match, or a CT escort swallows a sniper round in Hostage Rescue, the victim is dead for good and doesn't respawn until the next round. As such, players on both sides must exercise skill and care. The bomb objective, meanwhile, gives everyone a purpose. Of course matches end when everyone on a team is dead, but a clever and coordinated terrorist team will give the CTs the slip, plant their bomb, and protect the bomb site. Between rounds, everyone spends earned cash on better gear and guns, and the cycle continues. Pieces of the Counter-Strike formula are dated at this point, but the superb heart and soul of Global Offensive is timeless. Teams are small, guns are lethal, and rounds are short. There's an addictive just-one-more-round quality to it, because there's a constant desire to do better than last time, to earn a satisfying kill, or to win in a new way. Call of Duty and Battlefield vets will wonder why they can't sprint to escape enemy fire or look down the iron sights to improve aim; Counter-Strike players will feel like they walked into their redecorated home. Certain map redesigns will catch hardcore fans off guard, but the changes are for the best -- the underpass choke point in de_dust, for instance, has a new escape route. Even in the face of genre evolution, Global Offensive doesnt care to adapt. CSGO is so dedicated to Counter-Strike's aging ideals despite market and trend changes that it brute-forces its way to success. Part of what makes it such an engaging competitive game is that killing in Global Offensive requires a wholly different skill set than other shooters. Everyone is limited to what they have and can see, with little room for character modification or on-the-fly advantages. Running and gunning is a useless play style, even if you've bought a helmet and kevlar that round, to the point that someone standing still is more likely to score the kill. Walking, crouching, or standing are your best bets to reduce the inaccurate spray of machine-gun fire. Consequently, killing in Global Offensive feels good. There's a sickening sensation to dropping someone dead because you know they're not coming back. It's also satisfying knowing you used limited resources to play smarter than your victim. If players aren't watching corners, providing covering fire, or using smoke grenades and flashbangs, they're more likely to take a headshot from a more delicate and patient triggerman. The desire to experience that distinct feeling is a strong motivator to keep playing, even when you're getting steamrolled by an obviously better team. If you've played Counter-Strike before, Global Offensive probably sounds a whole lot like Counter-Strike. Like Counter-Strike: Source before it, Global Offensive exists simply to modernize the look of the classic competitive shooter, while doing little to disrupt the core form and function. At the same time, it does enough to color outside the lines of tradition to justify your time and effort. Fire is one of the most interesting new combat variables. Molotov cocktails and incendiary grenades either roast groups of guys or force them in another direction. Flames are a useful distraction or scare tactic, too. They're particularly useful during Demolition matches, which focus the fight at a single bomb site rather than giving terrorists two to pick between. The new and modified maps in this mode aren't as big as classic Counter-Strike arenas  entire sections have been cut off to direct teams toward a central location  but their thoughtful design is as intricate as ever. The Lake map is a standout -- there's a wide open yet densely populated yard around the bomb site, which is inside a sizable lakeside home with plenty of vantage points and hiding spots. To separate Demolition from Defusal, players can't buy between rounds. Instead, it takes a cue from the other new mode, Arms Race, in which each kill unlocks another weapon instantly. The better you do, the more you have to switch up the way you play, and because Demolition is so fast you'll need to be quick on your feet. Unlike other game types, Arms Race allows for respawns. It's the most chaotic and care-free mode in Global Offensive, with players throwing caution to the wind for the sake of climbing the kill ladder as quickly as possible. It's a shame there are only two maps in Arms Race -- a problem that will more likely persist on consoles than PC. If you have the option, playing the PC version is unquestionably the best way to experience Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. Mods, mouse and keyboard, and the usual PC-only options are better than the ports. Plus, Valve is much better about long-term PC support -- it abandoned Team Fortress 2 on consoles, and Portal 2's level editor was PC exclusive. If you prefer to play on consoles, Global Offensive is the same great game, with the following special bits.
game-hours: 981.0
review: Counter-Strike is said to be the most popular tactical team-based first-person shooter with a timeless soul. The fourth full-fledged part of this game, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, makes old school players feel at (renovated) home. The rules are known to all yet hardly anyone knows everything and its obvious that devil is in the details. You can play in several modes but classic competitive deserves attention primarily. Five terrorists against five counter-terrorists in two varieties: planting/defusing bomb or detention/release of hostages. The formula is simple but not simplistic. Its a pity that there are many players trying to cheat. Fortunately, some of them are consistently disqualified by Valve. The most beautiful thing in this game is visible growth and major obstacle may be the first steps and initial figuring out the system and players behavior... There are neither unusual skills nor fancy tricks. The tools are simple - a dozen guns and other weapons like grenades as well as your ideas and tactics, which you can share with others, that actually being a must. It is gratifying that this product is still being patched and from time to time new maps are created and there are real gems among them. Well, of course its a chance to meet a lot of great gamers with whom you can play other productions as well. You must to be prepared to be yelled at sometimes. You may hear you dont know how to play, that you are f**king noob with no skill. One way or another, CS:GO teaches humility and cooperation. I've never been an avid fan of this series but this game is really addictive, because I am able to feel that I play better with each match. The magic progress is oozing and there is no way to measure this numerically.
game-hours: 697.6
review: You got eboge? 10/10
game-hours: 7.3
review: operation gay
game-hours: 380.8
review: To heck with Hat Simulator 2, this is the new hotspot fellas. Be there or be square. There's skins you can buy for as low as 1 God damn cent (Yeah, like I have that kind of cash.) on the Steam marketplace, but there's also people willing to buy fancy-shmancy knives for over 400 dollars! Wow-whee! Those are the kind of fellas that must get a rad tan during the summer and get a lot girls at the town socials. Reminds me of my friend Rod. Rod used to own a '70 El Camino, but he crashed it into a ditch on the interstate. The air conditioner in it didn't work anyways, cause the car was like, forty years old at the time anyways, and he didn't have seat warmers so it was COMPLETELY useless. Rod's mom is cool, too. When I got sick and vomited in their fireplace, Rod's mom gave me a ride home and everything. I'll stop beating around the bush. Buy the game for cryin' out loud.
game-hours: 1285.9
review: Amazing game, if you're a fan of CS 1.6 or CSS, buy this game.
game-hours: 1602.7
review: Ruined my life, free time, had personal problems 10/10 Would play again
game-hours: 24.8
review: stuffing morphine jabs into my  end would be more pleasurable than playing this game any more.
game-hours: 103.1
review: Best Counter Strike, No contest.
game-hours: 503.5
review: COPY BALLIN? SOLID COPY IT'S BALLIN!
game-hours: 810.2
review: Pros- Chickens Cons- Not enough chickens
game-hours: 227.9
review: My opinion about this game can be just positive.I started playing Counter-Strike very long time ago and I always used to like it,but year by year it just became bad because of cheaters,scripts and that stuff,so my friend have gifted me Counter-Strike Global Offensive.In the beginning I thought it is bad game because I only had 20-30FPS and that is considered as unplayable frame rate but I will still playing fine.Now when I upgraded my PC this game seems to be awesome.Why is it awesome? -No much cheaters as in previous versions of CS. -Competitive mode. (I love it!) -New visual effects. -Some new guns. -New game modes. -Skins (No need to download 'em ,just collect) I think if you love Counter-Strike games you should buy this one and try it ,you won't regret it!
game-hours: 345.2
review: Good game would buy again
game-hours: 368.4
review: nice
game-hours: 268.6
review: this is a good potato
game-hours: 830.0
review: One of the most fun and most frustrating games if you dont pay attention! :)
game-hours: 406.5
review: shoot people online
game-hours: 353.3
review: Elite Task Force agents needed to stop terrorist bombing and the rescue of importaint hostages. They are trained in the art of tactical war...... can't aim down sights. 11/10 Would spray again.
game-hours: 809.7
review: This game is nothing like Team fortress 2 it takes skill hard-work. I recommend this game to those that love challenges and the bigger rewards at the end. If i were to not play or enjoy team fortress 2 or quit it i will definitely go this game. 8.5/10
game-hours: 247.3
review: the game allows you to shoot chickens animal abuse, peta no approve 0/10
game-hours: 77.6
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is definitely a step in the right direction. All the people who played the older CS games will feel right at home with all the classic maps. However, everyone, no matter if it's a new player or veteran, will have to get used to new things like recoil patterns, movement, etc. So everyone has an equal chance of winning, depending on how much they've played and gotten use to the game, of course. CS:GO combines tactics with shooting skills so well that it is one of the best well-ballanced and competitive shooters out there.
game-hours: 1250.0
review: In my opinion, the best Counter-Strike, and a lot of fun!
game-hours: 985.2
review: Hell of a game where it requires alot of skills and communication from your fellow allies (unlike most fps such COD).Make sure you invest the time to learn it's mechanics
game-hours: 803.7
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 10.1
review: a solid platformer that brings donkey kong and friends back into modern gaming but i wish they put the crocodiles in somewhere
game-hours: 1263.4
review: si
game-hours: 1371.2
review: TOp
game-hours: 417.8
review: CS:GO Is one of the best FPS games I have ever played in my life
game-hours: 1399.1
review: Amazing game, I paid 3 for 700hrs of game time :]
game-hours: 105.8
review: Tr's are Red, Ct's are blue, I suck at this game, you will too. HAHA Just kidding :) If you used to play CS 1.6 when younger, you will love this new one, come on and try. 10/10
game-hours: 879.8
review: sswaaaaag
game-hours: 676.6
review: this game would make it to the front of the store applesauce
game-hours: 3078.3
review: YES YES YES!
game-hours: 545.1
review: The most important aspect of any multiplayer game is how much you want to play after a session ends. This is where Global Offensive excels, possessing the same addictive quality that helped to make the previous games a long-term success story.
game-hours: 1166.5
review: It's like 'Dear Esther' with guns
game-hours: 1352.3
review: Skins ruined the game... GOT AN AWP ASIIMOV 10/10
game-hours: 743.6
review: Awesome! Takes the best of CS 1.6, leaves out the worst of Source and brand new vivd textures and game modes. Reliving the fun of my childhood. I've never wanted to play Dust II more then now in my life ;)
game-hours: 2301.4
review: not bad lyk
game-hours: 111.9
review: Compton likes to sit in my mollys
game-hours: 1585.6
review: It's a good fun game to play with large groups of people/friends, whatever. Even if the anti-cheat is , there are tons of smurfs, and you rage for the stupidest reasons. Only if it was a blanaced game. Overall it's MEH
game-hours: 2767.4
review: Great game i really enjoy playing this game for fun and competitve this game has an amazing competitve aspect and and incredibly fun servers that you can play with all your friends
game-hours: 1267.9
review: Preporuceno! :D
game-hours: 100.1
review: Very nice shoot countro terrorista obama fk nice so terrorist good and ak 47 very nice. also weapons nice nice only bad cases yeess cases bad no knife for me no no not good buy game win lane. also nice is dust II very nice
game-hours: 286.4
review: It's a good game, but you don't want to play with Sam, because you'll derank. pce
game-hours: 610.4
review: like striking your counter 10/10
game-hours: 208.3
review: .
game-hours: 295.8
review: Cs go,the latest competitive valve fps.Worth it?,or just stick with the old ones.? That must the most asked question that everyone makes when facing with the choice of buying this game,well i hope this little review helps you decide. Cs:Go provides some new right choices and some bad ones. Being a competitive game this game excells at almost everything the right way, from the way weapons feel when you shoot them or the maps with new layouts reinvented.Althought from time to time ocasionally suffers from some Ramdomness fireshoots directions where the bullet ends up being away far from where you aim for no appearent reasons.But in rare cases.And with the new patchs upcoming it will probably be fixed. That moment in the decising moments can end up being felling just unfair where you feel you could have done it. The new matchmaking for ranked games work well but then again from time to time it fails horribly,where you find yourself teamming up with players with too much width range of skill gap betwen. where then again you find yourself in a more of a 5vs4 match then a fair match. But it isnt game breaking and doesnt ruin it by far.And on top of ranking lvl that gap quickly disappears. Being that world elite class. The new molotov cocktail granade provides a welcome new mechanic to the game. Being only fully used yet on highter ranks. Believe me it makes a quite difference. The graphics specially the shadows look amazing! The new source 2 engine feels more natural and vibrant then ever. For that in my opinion it deserves a 8.2 out of 10. Being itself not a fps innovator by far it furfills almost all of the cs 1.6 and cs:Source mistakes and errors. And on a good side. Of course some people might argue that 1.6 shooting is the real quake style where skill is the king of the game. that might diverge from person to person. Pros: +Graphics look amazing +mechanics feel more natural. +Hands and movements of Characters feel natural and human. +new map layouts +Competitive ladder +weapon skins unlocks addes quite a welcome variety Cons: -Still has to improve in hitboxes in some ocasions. -Server regions make some people have and average of 87\110 latency\ping in ranked matches... -has lower gamemodes then source and 1.6. -Not casual hasfun game has source or 1.6.
game-hours: 1021.2
review: 10/10 would 1 deag people again
game-hours: 195.8
review: It's Counter-Strike. If you own a PC, why don't you own it? If you do own it, why aren't you playing it?
game-hours: 121.8
review: I swear, that chicken looked at me wrong! Okay, fine... So maybe a few of them every so often are just asking for it.
game-hours: 306.3
review: I LIKE THIS GAME THIS GAME HAS THE GUNS AND THE SHOOTIN AND THE GOOD AND THE TERRORISM AND THE COUNTER OF THE TERRORISM AND IT'S REAL GOOD I LIKE IT UH HUH
game-hours: 2064.1
review: This Game gave me cancer and i dont know to fix my cancer I would recommend this game for the elderly
game-hours: 142.1
review: Awsome fun!!
game-hours: 829.3
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 105.5
review: Good. It requires much teamwork though.
game-hours: 1190.9
review: Whats there to say? Master of the Competitive/Fun FPS games :) Deserves it!
game-hours: 2195.4
review: This is the most addictive game I have ever played. The various co-op maps make it more interesting. Then there is badge system which lets you know where you stand in the game community. You come back again and again to take your rank up. This game is really awesome.
game-hours: 45.7
review: Awsommmmmmmmmmmmme
game-hours: 2307.6
review: Amazing!
game-hours: 994.0
review: lo compre y no he jugado por que tengo un vergal de dinero
game-hours: 133.0
review: come on !
game-hours: 351.2
review: This game is the best. Best FPS game out so far good job Valve I recommend this game if you dont have it
game-hours: 68.4
review: Shot someone, enjoyed it. Would shoot again.
game-hours: 59.5
review: Pretty impressed at the fact that Valve improved the graphics quite a lot and added a few more game modes like arms race etc. which does make it a bit COD-ish but still the simplicity of the Counter-Strike series was maintained. Although many new maps were added, we still notice the classic maps like Dust, Dust2, Aztec etc. It's not a very fast paced fps like COD or BF yet it's very enjoyable to play.
game-hours: 1249.3
review: Competitive game with great community. Addicting, fun and sporty. Don't play after a sale though, lots of hackers are coming! There are more modes of gameplay. There's Arms Race (which is basically gun game for those who have played previous CS titles), Deathmatch, Classic Casual, Classic Competitive. Classic is in my opinion the best to spend time on and once you feel ready you can hop on a competitive with your friends. Don't worry if none are available, the matchmaking system will match you with adversaries and teammates with matching skill. Improve your skill and more important: Have Fun! Who knows, maybe you'll be the one to beat the Champions.
game-hours: 107.8
review: Latest in the Counter-Strike series , in theory same thing with fancy graphics , but some weapons changed the way they fire a bit , and not since long , but they added keys and crates into the game , with weapon skins (exactly what it sounds like , some paint finishes for your weapons).And also stat track weapons (stranges counting kills) , because yeah , it's a valve multiplayer game , and like team fortress 2 and dota 2 , it had to go this way :/ Some may complain about the way the weapons fire , how they liked the old look for the maps , incompetent players that are camping or idk what, but i tell you this : give this game a chance, get over 10 hours into it so you can get used to it, and you should begin to like it.However if you still do not like it, you are one of the few people that hate this game, because really , this is a game that is done pretty good. I say it is worth buying , even more if you buy it with the bundle or at a sale.
game-hours: 925.4
review: Reasons to buy it: 1.Really good graphics. 2.Good design. 3.doesn't reqire that good GPU. 4.You can get steam wallet money from it. :)
game-hours: 630.2
review: The only thing I don't like about this game is that I suck at it
game-hours: 472.9
review: Well.. how to start... I'm counterstrike boy starting from v 1.3. Big fan of CS all the way, it's my favourite game. When CS:GO showed up, i was really sceptic about that game, that's why i didn't bought it in 2012. CS:GO is one of the best FPS games you can find right now on the market. It's really balanced, from every pistol, shotgun, smg. You can kill with anything, weapon is not so much important, as in 1.6, where mostly you heard sounds of AK, Deagle, or AWP. As for me,even if i played more then 2000 hrs of CS 1.6 it was really complicated in my first matches, since textures and graphics changed a "bit". But it's not really that hard to get used to engine, graphics. I really like the competitive system, since i remember that pain in  called "mIRC" :D I'd recommend to buy the game at all costs.
game-hours: 2044.8
review: The only thing more toxic than the barrels on "De_nuke" are the players themselves! 10/10 - Would be called a "poo c boi " again!
game-hours: 676.4
review: Used my mothers credit card to buy a karambit knife. Was evicted, wasn't disappointed. 9/10 IGN approves.
game-hours: 1136.8
review: It makes me horny!
game-hours: 482.1
review: Good game, fun to play
game-hours: 573.3
review: Very fun and engaging. The game takes a lot of skill, but that's what makes it fun to me.
game-hours: 47.5
review: hiqhly recommend u this game,running perfectly on my OSX....BTW,it has chickens :D
game-hours: 1491.5
review: CSGO is a near-perfect multiplayer shooter. Unlike the previous versions, which were often difficult to get in to, this one offers a variety of modes that will appeal to all skill levels. It has a large community and a well supported workshop, ensuring that this discount-priced game will be around for years to come. The game isn't much of a looker as it is based on the same engine as the original Half Life 2 was. However, Valve have polished it as much as they can and the community consists of lots of awesome mappers who have been churning out brilliantly imaginative and beautiful maps almost on a daily basis. Is it worth getting if you already own Counter Strike: Source? Yes. CSS was always Counter Strike shoe-horned into the Source engine. CSGO feels far more like a standalone game. Valve have very carefully listened to what people have wanted and have made a very appealing game. The best feature must be the competitive play, where you play 10 games that you cannot leave (unless you want to tarnish your reputation), after which you'll be ranked and will be paired up with people of the same skill, meaning that the game is challenging but fair no matter what skill level you are. There are all kinds of teams and communities that you can join. Really, if I was stuck on a desert island with one game this would most likely be my top choice. It's bigger than you can hope to conquer and has a huge community around it which will likely be around for years to come, something that can't be said for the Call of Duty franchise which is probably its closest rival. Remember that those games are full price and have another one churned out each year, fragmenting the community. Plus you can customise your weapon skins in CSGO. Surely that's the most important feature?! All they need to add now are hats and you might as well live in CSGO.
game-hours: 2297.5
review: Great Game for Competitive players
game-hours: 731.3
review: Is a wery good game.Action game. One of the best.
game-hours: 607.7
review: 1 deag.
game-hours: 827.5
review: Same feeling as 1.6 but with beautiful graphics. Just buy it.
game-hours: 310.2
review: Favorite Counter Strike hands down. Competitive modes, awesome graphics, weapon skins, and amazing new maps make it perfect.
game-hours: 207.8
review: More like Counter-Strike: watch me carry ALL THESE NEWBS.
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.6
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2868.4
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 202.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 765.9
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 414.5
review: im so ....but its still awesome
game-hours: 588.5
review: PUC PUC POGODAK :)
game-hours: 482.1
review: Good game, fun to play
game-hours: 573.3
review: Very fun and engaging. The game takes a lot of skill, but that's what makes it fun to me.
game-hours: 47.5
review: hiqhly recommend u this game,running perfectly on my OSX....BTW,it has chickens :D
game-hours: 1491.5
review: CSGO is a near-perfect multiplayer shooter. Unlike the previous versions, which were often difficult to get in to, this one offers a variety of modes that will appeal to all skill levels. It has a large community and a well supported workshop, ensuring that this discount-priced game will be around for years to come. The game isn't much of a looker as it is based on the same engine as the original Half Life 2 was. However, Valve have polished it as much as they can and the community consists of lots of awesome mappers who have been churning out brilliantly imaginative and beautiful maps almost on a daily basis. Is it worth getting if you already own Counter Strike: Source? Yes. CSS was always Counter Strike shoe-horned into the Source engine. CSGO feels far more like a standalone game. Valve have very carefully listened to what people have wanted and have made a very appealing game. The best feature must be the competitive play, where you play 10 games that you cannot leave (unless you want to tarnish your reputation), after which you'll be ranked and will be paired up with people of the same skill, meaning that the game is challenging but fair no matter what skill level you are. There are all kinds of teams and communities that you can join. Really, if I was stuck on a desert island with one game this would most likely be my top choice. It's bigger than you can hope to conquer and has a huge community around it which will likely be around for years to come, something that can't be said for the Call of Duty franchise which is probably its closest rival. Remember that those games are full price and have another one churned out each year, fragmenting the community. Plus you can customise your weapon skins in CSGO. Surely that's the most important feature?! All they need to add now are hats and you might as well live in CSGO.
game-hours: 2297.5
review: Great Game for Competitive players
game-hours: 731.3
review: Is a wery good game.Action game. One of the best.
game-hours: 607.7
review: 1 deag.
game-hours: 827.5
review: Same feeling as 1.6 but with beautiful graphics. Just buy it.
game-hours: 310.2
review: Favorite Counter Strike hands down. Competitive modes, awesome graphics, weapon skins, and amazing new maps make it perfect.
game-hours: 207.8
review: More like Counter-Strike: watch me carry ALL THESE NEWBS.
game-hours: 185.7
review: BEST
game-hours: 525.2
review: Why won't CSGO blink over Call of Duty? CSGO holds a spatial expert. The distant approval consumes the orchestra. An orange pacifier garages the breakfast. Call of Duty remedies the history with the context.
game-hours: 511.9
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 361.0
review: kwikscop simulat0r 2015 i r8 it 8/8 gr8 stuff m8
game-hours: 468.7
review: sweet game
game-hours: 129.9
review: Point Point Shoot Shoot
game-hours: 83.1
review: rofl dis game is soper hardcore :-) i feel very good when i win everyday? :-))))))))))))))))))
game-hours: 1167.4
review: This game ruined my life.
game-hours: 859.0
review: not worth playing while its on sale to many hackers
game-hours: 1943.2
review: Very good game, must buy
game-hours: 992.4
review: Don't ask any questions, buy it when on sale
game-hours: 383.8
review: dis game is good, i meet my friends in this game
game-hours: 1571.8
review: I miss css
game-hours: 1802.5
review: LOL
game-hours: 581.7
review: I played this and my dad walked in to me and I asked him if he wanted to knife fight so he said no so I called him a  and we 1v1'd but he pulled an ak and shot me cause he is a
game-hours: 279.1
review: you shoot guns. 10/10
game-hours: 210.6
review: it's fun until you start meeting hackers X(
game-hours: 11.6
review: Counter Strike GO is the return to the beloved Multiplayer shooter game Counter Strike but will you want to play the new one or stick to the Classics ? Of course everybody knows what Counter Strike is about. Essiantly Counter terrorist and terrorist fight and each of them have diffrent objectives. Honestly i love this game. The gameplay is way faster, tighter and way smoother than ever. The gunplay and awesome and you feel highly rewarded when youre on a killing spree. The game has a few modes and all of them are fun for theyre own reasons There are some problems that need fixing. The hit detection isnt always the best sometimes when you shoot the enemy square right in the face the shot doesnt connect. Overall the game is really fun and i enjoyed it alot and if you liked the previous Counter Strike games you need to own this title. I give Counter Strike Global Offensive a 8/10
game-hours: 759.0
review: This 12 year old called me gay and i never played it again. 9/11 would play again
game-hours: 591.3
review: The entire Counter-Strike series has prided itself on strategic, competitive, and difficult gameplay. This game is the embodiment of that--highly reliant on teamwork, individual skill, and communication. Anyone who has wanted to play something that makes them yearn for improvement should purchase this game. The skill cap is immense, and there are always new things to learn. Valve (Volvo?) constantly releases patches and updates for the game, and frequently introduces new mechanics to keep the players on their toes. You won't be disappointed.
game-hours: 562.1
review: Not quite as good as the good old Counter Strike Source, but still fun to play. Especially with some friends and skill. haha :)
game-hours: 219.1
review: Very good game and very fun to play with friends. I'm not suprised this is one of the top played steam games
game-hours: 320.0
review: Kill. Kill. and Kill some more. Great game.
game-hours: 704.3
review: sometmes when i play this game i forget about when my dad left
game-hours: 653.0
review: Shot person in head.Died. 10/10
game-hours: 917.9
review: Such Fun 11/8.5
game-hours: 480.7
review: Dedicate your life to this game.
game-hours: 398.3
review: wow such fun shootin guns buzz
game-hours: 1560.9
review: 1.6,     ))   )))
game-hours: 75.1
review: The critically acclaimed, high octaine, hyper realistic shooter is back, this time, with a vengance. With a memorable cast of characters such as Terrorist and Counter Terrorist, and the crowd favorite, Hostage, this balls to the walls action shooter is sure to give you thrills and chills, maybe even a nose bleed or two. So sit back and relax, and enjoy Call of Battlefield 3: Global Offensive. Protip: Only use the P90 and AK47 for max winnitude
game-hours: 594.1
review: it's okay
game-hours: 679.4
review: I would honestly give this a 10/10 just due to the fact that this game is fun really for anyone. I have seen girls, boys, and even adults. Everyone is super friendly. The one thing that I do not like really is the fact that some children (I am a child but not like these children I describe) will go completely insane if they just lose 1 game. They will blame their team, and lag, etc. And then someone will say gg (good game) or nice try and they will go nuts with excuses or blame other people for how bad they did. Even if they did good they would still be angry. Now let me just describe this game a little bit. It is a first person shooter, it is very cheap for how much fun it is, you may get bored after about 3/4 hours. (depends on how much you like the game) The games can be very long! And no I do not mean like 10 minute games. I mean games lasting up to an hour and 30 minutes. But if you are quite good at the game and have a good team along with you. You can make the game quite quick. There are I believe 5 or 4 gamemodes you can play. There is Arms race which is basically where you advance a gun every 1 knife or 2 kills with the weapon until you get to the golden knife. If you get a kill with the golden knife you win. And I will just explain one more gamemode for you. Competitive. Competitive is the most popular of them all. It is a 5v5 with terrorists and counter terrorists. From the names I am sure you can guess that the terrorists plant the bomb or kill all the counter terrorists. If they plant the bomb the counter terrorists have to defuse it. If they do not plant the bomb fast enough and the clock hits 0. Not only do you lose you do not recieve any money for that round. So basically kill all the opposing enemies or plant the bomb and watch it explode. One more thing I will explain is the skins. There are certain guns that people just love. And they maybe want to make it look alot cooler than how the default gun looks. So they will go out and win a bunch of matches until they get some skins from winning so must or doing so well. Now so people however like the games so much or are just rich and will spend hundreds of dollars on knives and other skins. The knives are the rarest things in the game. They all range from 60 dollars to 200 dollars. Depends on the quality, if it is stattrak (It counts how many kills you get when you kill people) and the skin it has. But if you want skins basically just buy them, win games, or trade. If you do not know how to trade. I will let you search a video up on youtube to help you out on that. I hope this helped you guys understand how much fun this game is. Have a great day. Feel free to add me if you need/want to I am always open for meeting new people. :) (coopacarp is my steam name) Also, after about 200,230 hours of playing you get something called Overwatch. Which is where when someone has been reported for hacks you watch the game they were reported on and decide wether or he was hacking.
game-hours: 230.8
review: Counter strike global offensive and call of duty have some of the most conflicting fanbases. I'm really not on one side or the other as I've played both games for many hours and dislike certain parts of both. However when I really think about it, counter strike go is essentially a slower paced call of duty. Given CS is definately a more strategic experience generally but when you get awp'd 3 seconds into the game on De dust 2 I think otherwise. On that note this game shares the enraging problem I have with call of duty, a sniper rifle that is one shot kill that can be efficently fired at all ranges, pretty much a guarenteed match win in the hands of certain people. You can die in one shot by pretty much every gun in the game but when it's an awp you feel especially defeated because 90% of the time there was nothing you could've done about it. Due partially to this reason I felt myself not staying in games because of fun or determination. But rather for the small chance I could get a new gun skin or a crate that I'd have to spend real world money in order to open. When you feel yourself continuing through rage inducing situations just to have a sticker on your shiny new rifle, it feels incredibly trying to play. The only parts of CS I really enjoyed are playing with my friends on a 5v5 competative match. That being said I had a lot of really good times in that mode, and in my opinion is the only reason I paid the price of this game. Casual matches are nothing but quick scope matches and people grinding to have the option to pay for gun skins. If you want to hop right into the fun with this game, get some friends and go play some competative but other than that you're not going to find anything unique or different from call of duty here. I'm not entirely sure whether or not I'd reccomend this game, however after many hours there must be some reason I keep pressing play and getting myself killed so I guess I've found enjoyment somewhere in here.
game-hours: 2354.5
review: Do you like First Person Shooters? If you do then make sure to check out this awesome game. Its not anything like the "Call Of Duty" series. This game requires immense teamwork if you want to win. You can't go blazing into bombsites killing all the enemies. You need knowledge, tactics, and skill. A combination of great call-outs, excellent shooting, and amazing tactics can create blazing team synergy that will for sure guarentee you the win. Counter-Strike Global Offensive is a sure game to add to your wishlist.
game-hours: 720.1
review: COD for PC Hipsters
game-hours: 1212.0
review: Warning, ever since I started playing this game, I knew I would be addicted, and after only two weeks of owning the game, I have over 200+ hours
game-hours: 490.9
review: Awesome game! Bots too good though all them headshots!
game-hours: 669.5
review: Never play during sales.
game-hours: 627.0
review: Awesome game mek muuneee!! $$$
game-hours: 280.0
review: Ruined my life. Had to study hard at school but i studied how to plant at B and not to die...
game-hours: 2338.7
review: Guns sound scary, especially sniper rifles, and detailed character dialogue keeps you in the combat loop.Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is different than almost every other shooter because it demands intelligent, hardcore tactical play from every last one of its players.
game-hours: 759.0
review: The most balanced and competitive shooter out there right now, with one of the best dev teams behind it. CS GO is everything i wanted 1.6 to be years ago, and nearly 500 hours in I'm not bored of it yet.
game-hours: 262.9
review: pew pew
game-hours: 543.4
review: zajabys
game-hours: 474.6
review: Get Skins and be classified as a "Good Player." 10/10 Waste all of your money on cases.
game-hours: 2639.8
review: CS:GO > all.
game-hours: 875.7
review: One of the best FPS games out there, its not a cash to win game. its system is fair and reliable! Everyone who loves FPS shld try this game out!!
game-hours: 1811.0
review: Team mate walks in front of you while sniping. 7 DAY BAN! :O
game-hours: 999.9
review: Such a good game must buy 10/10 buy buy buy give money to steamvalve buy buy buy
game-hours: 1131.9
review: Good game get on it.
game-hours: 570.4
review: no middies and 30 fps 0/10 would play again
game-hours: 816.4
review: goodestest.
game-hours: 578.2
review: 10/10 would play 200 hours a month again.
game-hours: 822.5
review: This is a remarkable next step in the Counter-Strike franchise that has been volatile for over a decade. With well-rounded gameplay, near perfect balancing of the weapons, fun, innovative maps, and great graphics that compliment the gameplay, we have a beautiful and challenging first person shooter here. But what separates this from other big franchises like Call of Duty and Battlefield? Well, the almost infinite skill ceiling allows this game to stand out from the rest. While you can still dive into casual games, run around, and score a couple of kills, those who spend hours and hours practicing in competitive mode will have fine tuned their skills to only aiming for headshots and other skilled tactics. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive provides a simple but deep first person shooter experience that provides customization, refreshing content, and a whole lot to learn for an extremely fair price compared to FPS counterparts.
game-hours: 197.2
review: ING BUY THIS GOOD ING  . ING GOOD COMMUNITY. ING GOOD GUN SKINS. ING FUN TO PLAY. USING CAPS TO MAKE THIS MESSAGE LOOK IMPORTANT :D
game-hours: 205.5
review: good game,in good time,try to play!
game-hours: 1202.2
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is unboubtfully one of the most superb games I have had the pleasure to play. I have dedicated 300 hours as of today and see anouther 300 and then another and another... The game has a perfect (It depends how lucky you are) balancing system and has caused countless people to sacrifice their free time to play this game and its particularly addictive game mode, one of my favorite being Compititive which as an excellent game mode. I strongly reccamend this game seeing as its stolen most of my joy and lively hood and caused more depression then a castration.
game-hours: 797.0
review: cool community, fun game, surprisingly easy to masterbate to (   )
game-hours: 720.4
review: The Best game ever! If you love CS you should buy this, you can trade skins to all weapons JUST BUY IT xD
game-hours: 1950.1
review: best game
game-hours: 982.6
review: cs go rocks
game-hours: 642.7
review: Maukas
game-hours: 291.7
review: I bought this gun skin the other day and it looks pretty. The guns are so pretty. The stickers are super pretty! This is the prettiest game I've ever tried. The gameplay was okay too.
game-hours: 519.5
review: I have this game
game-hours: 155.0
review: lol nothin like cod but its ok. no akimbo  that, also you can;t aim down the sight?? wtf anyway, for poor kids id reccomend this game (15bucks lol) but id rather play CODghosts when this game has dogs ill play, also needs an epic campaign mode
game-hours: 534.3
review: Counter Strike: Global Offensive stole all of my money and ruined my social life. Don't regret it one bit, totally worth it 10/10. Damnit Valve, you've done it again! Some of its awesome features: This game focus' on realism, incorporates real world elements: -You can climb ladders without using your hands!! -You can defuse an armed bomb by looking at it!!! -You can only aim with guns that come with scopes (which is like 4!!), all other guns are hip fired!! -You sound like a fat Elephant plodding around when you're running, but when you walk slowly you're as silent as a shadow! -Ragdolls!!!! -Realistic bullet physics and bullet spread!!! -Fall damage!!!! -Friendly Fire!!!! -Jumping!!!!! -Crouching!!!! -Running!!!! -Walking!!!! -Awesome gun skins that come in various qualities and conditions!!! -The ability to show off your awesome gun skins in-game!!!! -Excellent A.I!!!! -Excellent A.I Names!!!!! I don't know what else Valve could do to make the game even MORE fun and realistic!! Valve sure hit the nail on the head with this game!!
game-hours: 398.2
review: best game ever! =)
game-hours: 1090.3
review: Veri good gejm
game-hours: 756.9
review: Best game...ever. Co-op with friends is amazing!
game-hours: 990.2
review: The game is very awesome!
game-hours: 535.7
review: :DDDDD
game-hours: 889.2
review: When i was kid i started play with CS 1.3, then keep playing CS:S comes out. CS:S was not so good, so i stick with 1.6. Now, i really love CS:GO, its more fun than casual 5v5 scrim, its more social, its more realistic. More than game, its very competitive-like.So totally worth it. and of course we love custom skins, community maps + steam workshop is perfect 10/10 if you like FPS genre, must have it!
game-hours: 373.1
review: Simply the best competitive FPS game.
game-hours: 1198.2
review: )
game-hours: 1.8
review: Despite what YouTube griefing videos implied to me, running around in Gun Game knifing people to demote them isn't nearly as easy as it looks, and that experience is all I wanted to get out of this game. This is just another case of me being  at a game and saying its bad because I never wanted to play it in the first place. Hahaha it's really good guys.
game-hours: 662.0
review: Counter Strike is a very nice game Each game has its advantages but also its disadvantages Advantages: You have many options to play Counter Strike. You can make competitions, can be played on normal and abnormal funny servers You get temporarily weapons or boxes that you can use in the game Disadvantages: Disadvantages include the Steam or Valve occasionally have problems with the servers ..... It has also cheaters who get nothing in life to the series and want to achieve something in the game Although it has more pros and cons but I think that's enough I recommend it to anyone but do not become addicted;) So have fun with it and if you have some question you can ask me
game-hours: 461.1
review: uh dis game is uh fun and uh i kinda like it yea thank you
game-hours: 2204.4
review: Simply the best FPS competitive game on the planet
game-hours: 1170.2
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 915.4
review: It's gud.
game-hours: 706.7
review: Certainly my favourite competitive shooter. And the whole gun dropping system is much better and less  than what they did with TF2.
game-hours: 782.5
review: Have you ever wanted to be a car, kid? Well now you still can't but you can cry yourself to sleep over the rounds you dropped, the friends you let down, and the relationships that you destroyed on CS:GO. Also, this game came in first at the Iowa state fair of 1945 for it's help in the Manhattan Project at Trinity. This game has a half-life to that similar to that of Carbon-14, and is now being used for carbon dating techniques based on your win/loss ratio on Vertigo. Whenever a bomb is thrown off of the side of the map, the Carbon-14 deposits plummet by the IQ of the closest spider to the Dalai Lama.
game-hours: 122.3
review: makes you feel awful about yourself for the first week, 10/10 would recommend
game-hours: 2569.6
review: Awesome Game!!
game-hours: 646.5
review: Playing comp on dust2. Was at CT spawn with the bomb, teammate was at long, he was mexican. Starts saying "plant a, plant a" over the mic, then he starts whistling at me to come plant like I'm his damn dog. Would like to be a mexicans' dog again 4/20
game-hours: 640.0
review: Buy on sale for eco.
game-hours: 1267.2
review: I now have over 1.2k hours on all of my accounts combined and it's still as fun as the day I bought it, if not even more. I love Counter Strike Global Offensive and can see myself playing this game for years on end. This is the most value I have gotten for my money ever. I encourage any person either pro or just got on pc, buy Counter Strike Global Offensive, there is a spot for every one here. This means either pro scrims, or pick up games with people on your skill level.
game-hours: 74.2
review: This is just a marketing game, even it's named Global Offensive, so its abbreviation come out as GO (DAT MARKETING SKILLS THO), nothing global in this game (although there are some new maps that take place in a different part of the world), but if you liked the CS 1.6, you'll defenitelly like this as much, because the developers were too afraid to adapt any new mechanincs in the game, even the ridiculous ladder climbing remained the same. (They could have made an animation for climbing, but many say that that would slow the gameplay, but not if the character would step two ladder rungs instead of one, or something like this) It's just looks horrible among the few realistic mechanisms But while they tryied to implement realism (the way you have to aim with the scope with rifles) the aiming system is still... well... "undeveloped" to me. It's a good thing that the most liked maps like dust and assault are still in it, and they are all improved with destroyable doors, barrels and other objects, and in the game, not all weapons works the same way, that's a good thing again! This is why it's hard to say wheter I recommend it or not. I, of course recommend from an aspect that many players bougth the game, the 1.6 version were so popular, I BET you have a friend on your list who play this game, but in the other hand this game is nothing but a poor work making new source of money in my opinion. But saying positive again for conclusion, I'm an audiophile, and I LOVE its music, the music system is very well made, when you get killed the dramatic music kicks in and so on, and I can't complain about its graphics if I look away from the animations. Overall, yes, I recommend this game.
game-hours: 430.6
review: Best trading simulator 9/11
game-hours: 352.1
review: Still better than cod series:D
game-hours: 447.2
review: You go buy this game RIGHT NOW! you can get some AWESOME! skins for your guns in this Counter Strike!
game-hours: 323.6
review: Really worth the money!
game-hours: 1021.9
review: best game eu
game-hours: 695.9
review: Amazing game, never gets boring!
game-hours: 126.0
review: Pretty tactical game that includes lots of corners, de_dust2, no more AW banning, de_dust2, pretty cool mechanics, de_dust2, Fun maps, revival of older ones, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, and a fairly good community.
game-hours: 7.5
review: Is good gam
game-hours: 6.9
review: PRTY COOL GAME ITS LIKE SOURCE BUT FEELS DIFFERENT???? MORE LIKE RIGID LIKE A CUBE BUT SOURCE WAS LIKE A NONOGAN NOT A PERFECT SPHERE BUT SPHERELIKE I HAD TO MIS PAYIN A ONTH OF CHILD SUPORT TO BUY THIS THO DYSHANTE WAS FKIN PISSED BUT O WELL IT WAS WORTH IT I GUES??????
game-hours: 567.6
review: It is very awesome
game-hours: 1380.8
review: fgts
game-hours: 323.3
review: Counter strike Global Offensive is an overall great game. With different gametypes and an offline practice mode the gameplay is always intence.
game-hours: 103.8
review: Very good game. Alot of combat! This game is a very well based multiplayer game that revolves around shooting! This game is not like call of duty. Your shots actually got to hit them! This game will get your skills up for aiming , communitcation! I would consider buying this game! ONLY $15!
game-hours: 270.1
review: Cool!   .
game-hours: 125.4
review: XD'in 4 csgo
game-hours: 866.3
review: Alex is a fagget if he doesn't buy it. (^___________________________^)
game-hours: 165.4
review: Graphics are good! Fun game! :D
game-hours: 86.0
review: Counter Strike: Global Offensive is the perfect mix between modern society's favourite shooters. Fast paced, action packed and heartstopping moments captivate me each and every time I play competitively. A must have for Steam users and Valve fans
game-hours: 15.9
review: is much better than global offensive. Unfortunately, this game
game-hours: 30.7
review: will no longer continue develop from valve. Otherwise, the game is totally OK! From time to time! :) Have Fun!
game-hours: 346.2
review: One of the best FPS games available!! A must have title for those who like FPS games
game-hours: 661.7
review: Being playing Counter-Strike for 10 years and i have to say that the new Version defintily have some improvement but it doesnt have all the maps 1.6 and source have except on community server. The inclusion of competitive gameplay now helps to regulate competitve players to play in a competiton style. While there is a casual style for non-competitive people to play. This game is a definitly must to play if you are veteran of Counter Strike !
game-hours: 3008.2
review: You pew pew pew ppl 9/11
game-hours: 28.4
review: Take that amazed feeling you had when you first saw CS:S for the first time while playing 1.06. Now get rid of that image because that doesn't apply here. Then take all the challenge of mastering weapon's "behaviours" from 1.6 and Source and get rid of that as well. Then take the broken husk that is left, force it to have a child with Call of Duty and you have Counter-Strike: Go play something else.
game-hours: 603.1
review: Very good game for first person shooter. Good graftics and i play like 1 hour a day really great game.
game-hours: 305.1
review: Let me tell you about this ing game. This game is the bane of my existence. I swear that if I couldn't get money off of it through Community Market I would barely play this ing game. It's like... I swear it's like crack cocaine. I know it's just eating away at me, soul and body, but I cannot stop snorting it, it's just too good. When you're good, it's entertaining as . You have a good team, and you have fun. But it's like... It's like being obsessed with lemons, and then every day you come home with paper cuts all over your hand. Satisfying as , but it hurts so bad, and you can't really get a good night's sleep. All in all, the quality is good. Just frustrating as . 8/10 Silence Dogood THIS GAME IS PLAYED BY THE 00TH REGIMENT OF FOOT
game-hours: 151.3
review: pew pew
game-hours: 595.7
review: jogo nojento que causa fim de amizades e baguna por parte de seus jogadores que s gritam, brigam e fazem baderna
game-hours: 1083.1
review: lol great frags
game-hours: 1898.3
review: Counter Strike: Global Offensive; A game that incorporates the original classic, revolutionary, critically acclaimed, features that changed the FPS genre, helping mold what we have today. I'm not finished! Adding a new -needed- take, visually, gameplay wise and performance wise. Counter Strike: Global Offensive is a game created by Valve to bring it to the everyday player and the experienced or not so experienced competitive player! The game looks beautiful, it works like a charm and again, revitalizes the game without straying too far from its roots. If you're a COD player, a BF player, or a player who generally is adapted to playing with a scope will be confused for a couple games. The "weapons course" will help new players and old players alike get a definitely needed insight on how this game plays in comparison to others but again, it works and it really does help you out. The modes include offline and online for players who have different play styles and you won't miss out on any action or feel oppressed by it either. Valve has touched up the game and is continuously updating the game to keep it fresh. The game not only allows you to play preset game modes but allows you in tradition with source, to host, create, and join created maps by the community. What types of mode you're asking? Surf - Players use their keys to surf along linear or non-linear pipes that incorporate puzzles and reaction, speed and etc. Survival - Players play in a "hunger games" styled game mode that pits everyone against each other until the last man (or woman) is left standing. ETC ETC ETC This game has a lot of content for such little that it depends financially and hardware wise. However; there are some flaws that should be duly noted when/if purchasing. It being a Steam play game it may experience some issues with server lag, latency issues, ping issue which disrupt gameplay and well - time. That is the only major hiccup and rarely happens but when it does, it ruins the overall experience. My score? 4/5
game-hours: 223.3
review: ye
game-hours: 444.8
review: got shot over and over, yelled at the machine, got put on youtube, 10/10.
game-hours: 645.8
review: thsi game is 1 of the best which i was playig in last year!
game-hours: 1380.2
review: dis is gud game
game-hours: 3963.1
review: ))
game-hours: 777.1
review: 1/10, no ironsight, no level up.
game-hours: 565.7
review: This game is just awesome! it's really competitive,balanced,developers take care of it,you find cheaters really rarely,you have more fun without hacks,i recommend it! and it doesn't cost a lot! it also has an awesome community,a lot of mods and modded servers with different original or non-original games like hide & seek,zombie escape,deathrun etc. but still cool and fun,nice skins for your weapons which you can win with casual weekly drops,peace on the earth. :)
game-hours: 1158.3
review: n1
game-hours: 604.3
review: BUY IT !!! .......... NOW !!!!!
game-hours: 48.0
review: The best shooter on Steam, bar none. Play some deathmatch or arms race for a fast-paced feel, or do competitive 5v5 for the ultimate e-sports experience.
game-hours: 1091.1
review: Probably the best Counter-Strike at the moment. It just keeps getting more features : competitive mode, matchmaking, skins for guns to raise funds for CS league, video and highlights from all your past matches, watch live games, better hostages mode, gun game mode includes. However, they just keep adding stuff without fixing all the issues and bugs from past updates. This games is unplayable for some people over the Internet but great in LAN. The gun skins update brought lower fps to the game, going down by 80 to 120 fps.
game-hours: 644.5
review: great game all around and CoD is bad
game-hours: 95.0
review: Must Play Game :D :D
game-hours: 818.0
review: Great game!!! (Req.) Teamwork ^^^^^^^
game-hours: 548.5
review: Top bugged game
game-hours: 581.8
review: !!!!
game-hours: 1696.2
review: gg wp
game-hours: 574.8
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 414.4
review: Really awesome game,especially the competetive mode
game-hours: 269.1
review: Overall a really good game, played it a lot and even got 3 buddy's that normally doesn't play FPS to like it..
game-hours: 338.7
review: Really enjoyable especially with the drop system and competitive matchmaking.
game-hours: 174.3
review: Counter Strike: Global Offensive, what a game. In my opinion MONEY WELL WORTH SPENT! Every penny you invest in this game is worth it. You must have the teamwork/coop skills as in Battlefield.. And the small map skills as in Call of Duty.. Yet there is multiple things we must have forgot! ~Your OWN skill matchmaking ~SKINS!!!!! ~A wide variety of REAL weapons still being used today ~Automatic communications ~Team chat ~Medals/Achievments/Badges to collect and earn ~A fancy skill level to show the world you are awesome ~You can make your own skins for a PROFIT ~Realistic gameplay such as weapon recoil, damage, and graphics This game also works very smoothly with just about every computer. 10/10 no if, ands, or buts. ~Mr. J
game-hours: 259.6
review: Better than the old ones (with the exception of 1.6)
game-hours: 265.7
review: If you're into ing es and getting money, this is the game for you. It's a simple concept: Kill people, earn money, buy things with said money, kill more people with the stuff you buy. It's fun for the whole family!!!! 8=====D
game-hours: 2195.4
review: This is the most addictive game I have ever played. The various co-op maps make it more interesting. Then there is badge system which lets you know where you stand in the game community. You come back again and again to take your rank up. This game is really awesome.
game-hours: 45.7
review: Awsommmmmmmmmmmmme
game-hours: 2307.6
review: Amazing!
game-hours: 994.0
review: lo compre y no he jugado por que tengo un vergal de dinero
game-hours: 133.0
review: come on !
game-hours: 351.2
review: This game is the best. Best FPS game out so far good job Valve I recommend this game if you dont have it
game-hours: 2609.4
review: come get ript
game-hours: 1453.5
review: Duh very guud game 4 the gangstur boi
game-hours: 1603.6
review: 10/10 should try !
game-hours: 148.1
review: Nice game, fun to play.
game-hours: 219.7
review: the only game i play
game-hours: 1740.3
review: Najjaca igra na svetu!
game-hours: 373.2
review: Love it!
game-hours: 768.6
review: It's a good game! :D
game-hours: 436.4
review: If you haven't got this game already then it is worth the buy. If you thought Counter Strike: Source was good, wait until you get your hands on this.
game-hours: 1834.9
review: I LOVE THIS GAME!
game-hours: 1471.1
review: best game
game-hours: 1151.1
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive (CS:GO) the newest addition to the Counter-Strike franchise supposedly takes the best from both its most famous predecessors, Counter-Strike 1.6 and Counter-Strike Source. I as a person who has played 1.6 for approximately 8 years cannot confirm that wholy, but I can at least say that the game is fun to play, with the biggest advantage it has over it's older brothers being the matchmaking. I would easily pay Valve $100 for 1.6 with the matchmaking from CS:GO. But that is not gonna happen so for the time being I just have to settle with what CS:GO offers. I might have sounded a little more negative than I wanted. The graphics are nice enough even though well aged Source engine, although with the newest tweaks, cannot compare with latest AAA production. Apart from new look you will find your all time favorites from previous Counter-Strike games, same goes for weapons and game mods. However there is not only an old content. You will find couple of new guns and what I appreciated most were new maps created by community and published in buy-able packs by Valve providing the creators with part of earnings. Later on the game suffered an attack of "dropable" content. Fortunately Valve did not step over cosmetic changes, so you can only spend your hard earned bucks on different weapons skins, at least for now.
game-hours: 589.7
review: this is a great game in many ways it is more accessible then the 1.6 version (which was already very accessible). but new players are able to learn how to play very fast and their enjoyment is greater then the one they would have had at the start of 1.6 or cs source. but on the other hand there is one little gripe i have and it is that i balive they made it to simmple, and when i say little i mean tiny, so the gripe is only personal i believe and it shouldn't effect your gameplay. enjoy the game :)
game-hours: 682.8
review: Great game.
game-hours: 1343.7
review: Download it... now!
game-hours: 219.5
review: Pretty good shooter
game-hours: 1644.4
review: This game is like crack. I started playing CS 13 years ago, and here I am, still playing.
game-hours: 1424.1
review: this game rocks! haha record!
game-hours: 62.4
review: nice2
game-hours: 998.0
review: Just awesome :D
game-hours: 250.1
review: With friends this is one of the greates cooperative experiences out there.
game-hours: 471.6
review: An amazing FPS for original 1.6 players to new comers. From the all new graphics to the awesome inclusion of weapon skins and different knives, brilliant maps (Writing from having a Operation Bravo Pass as well) and amazing community this sets CS:GO to be a great game. While the original formula (T kills CT, CT kills T, T plants bomb/gaurds hostage, CT defuses bomb/rescues hostages) is still a brilliant way to experience CS:GO, with new gamemodes 'Arms Race' and 'Demolition' the gaming experience just got better. If you find yourself tired of these gamemodes after lots of play, the community steps in to help. With hundreds of great community servers to choose from, each sporting their own gameplay style, such as JailBreak, Glassfloors and Zombies you're sure to keep coming back to this game time and time again. It's addictive!
game-hours: 1981.1
review: It's ok
game-hours: 513.3
review: Amazing game!
game-hours: 894.8
review: 10/10 Great Game!
game-hours: 955.3
review: GG
game-hours: 56.5
review: CooL Game !
game-hours: 180.6
review: Best FPS game ever.
game-hours: 775.1
review: good game!
game-hours: 763.6
review: Good evolution from source.
game-hours: 1181.8
review: BEST GAME EVAAA
game-hours: 1722.2
review: Definitely a game worth playing. One of the greatest first person shooters of all time.
game-hours: 1659.5
review: 123
game-hours: 2073.2
review: ALL I DO IS SURF. RECOMMENDED A+++
game-hours: 895.6
review: One of the best games of all times, 10/10 !
game-hours: 893.8
review: love the matchmakin system
game-hours: 471.3
review: Great game if you are looking for a competitive FPS
game-hours: 580.8
review: quite excuisite if I may say so
game-hours: 1395.6
review: Nice
game-hours: 39.1
review: Such gameplay very much fun would buy again
game-hours: 2389.7
review: If you're expecting source or 1.6 its not here, this game if a full on overhaul of the old ones which off sets the veteran players from getting it with its new recoil paterns, movenment, guns(Pro90) ect...But everything else of the old games is still there but with a more satisfying feel that still requires alot of skill to get which also adds to its charm. 8/10 its good,fun, still got the mods, and its more pub friendly
game-hours: 2576.0
review: Certainly a game you have to stick at for a while to have any sort of fun with! More often than not I am frustrated by my inability to hit simple targets due to the way recoil works; for people like me it can be a brilliant game one moment and horrible the next. The player base in match making seems mostly comprised of people who's main aim in life is to tell you how much you suck at video games and generally treat you with contempt and unfriendliness, but if you play with friends and ignore the unpleasant mob, you can find a rewarding game, and even some genuinely friendly people who are there to help you improve or just have fun in bad situations. Before jumping into competitive, it's probably wise to familiarise yourself with the rules, as friendly fire and dodgy internet connections alike can result in temporary bans. The graphics are quite nice, some of the voice work is a bit weird to me, but often a source of hilarity.
game-hours: 36.6
review: This is CS to the core. Updated, ranked, perfected.. it is a sequel that is a solid improvement on CS & CSS. Dust still plays exactly how it should. Nostalgic & new, GO is balanced beyond expectation.
game-hours: 529.9
review: NIceone
game-hours: 362.4
review: Very good game
game-hours: 32.0
review: Great game!!! "slaughter is the best medicine!" ha haha HAHAHAHAHA!!!
game-hours: 22.5
review: After being an all time favorite FPS,CS is getting revamped with more maps,more modes,more weapons,more everything. This is old school gaming meets the modern era! For all the gamers out there,do yourself a favor and buy this classic. The state of the art graphics/physics,the realistic sound effects,the easy to learn and hard to master gameplay,it's all there for you to grab. See you online!!!
game-hours: 2.3
review: this game sux don't play it 1.7/10
game-hours: 931.2
review: Nice game
game-hours: 998.3
review: cs go is always is best cs
game-hours: 1958.5
review: Best game ever!! Very addictive and competitive
game-hours: 199.3
review: Dobra
game-hours: 40.4
review: game is good, but still cs 1.6 is better for me...
game-hours: 811.9
review: A must buy!
game-hours: 1083.6
review: This is a great past time. Guaranteed to get you all worked up.
game-hours: 118.0
review: Best counter-strike they've made yet - honestly. Imagine 1.6 gameplay, updated graphics, and all those little things that make life easier: stats, ranks, built-in spectating, collectible skins, sensible gameplay options, updated maps, streamlined hud - and especially matchmaking. I just love that you can get some friends together and be matched against 5 other people who want a competitive, but not too serious game. Awesome!
game-hours: 100.8
review: If you like old good cs 1.6. and you wonna somthing more realistic, just buy this game! 10/10 / addicted, the Creator
game-hours: 891.9
review: good game
game-hours: 1092.5
review: This game is very fun and very rewarding. It is a little bit harder than most shooters but it makes getting a kill all the better. I highly suggest this game for the moments you can have and the sheer greatness that the Counter Strike series is.
game-hours: 191.7
review: Chicken Slaughterhouse Simulator 2012
game-hours: 760.4
review: You can kill a chicken with an AK-47 10/10
game-hours: 1556.6
review: 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 680.8
review: Best game ever !
game-hours: 142.1
review: Awsome fun!!
game-hours: 829.3
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 105.5
review: Good. It requires much teamwork though.
game-hours: 1031.3
review: Fun
game-hours: 1527.0
review: Wasted months of my life on this game. 10/10 would do again.
game-hours: 2085.7
review: 11/10 (MyTeam (15) - (EnemyTeam (4) during comeptitive at the last second, my friend ran into my negev and i got kiked :>
game-hours: 1487.7
review: Excelente juego
game-hours: 1944.1
review: This game is keeping my occupied for days! Hundreds of hours have passed, the trading and case opening is addictive. Very balanced and full of entertaining gamemodes. I would give it a 9/10 for all time FPS's
game-hours: 730.3
review: Ruined my social life. 10/10
game-hours: 955.4
review: Suosittelen kyl ostaa, lyttmn addiktoiva, ja vlill aiheuttaa rankkaa vitutusta. Silti niin aivotonta riskint, ja taktista tiimipeli samaan aikaan, ja Competitive Matchmaking tuo oman lisn peliin, vaikka tst lytyy ihan samallalailla community modeja kuin Kynrist ja Sourcesta, ja pelin storyline on sitkin mahtavampi. ;) Kouluarvosana (4-10) jos pits antaa, sanosin 9, ja 4,5 Salamia 5:st salamista.
game-hours: 134.8
review: One of the best game I have ever played.
game-hours: 148.1
review: Its like tf2 with gun skins instead of hats Bought this game for like 2 keys, then i ended up getting up turning this game into a money maker. With all the things i got from this game, i managed to buy a copy of Goat Simulator (amazing game), and have some keys to blow off and unbox, and have some nice  StatTraks to play around with. i turned those 2 keys into at least over $50 in total. Making skins in this game is a fun thing to do also, hopefully one day one of my skins will be accepted into the game
game-hours: 266.5
review: &yxax
game-hours: 170.1
review: how the  do I aim!?!?!
game-hours: 632.4
review: The Best
game-hours: 175.8
review: Great game!
game-hours: 1045.6
review: Fun game, great to play with friends or solo to meet knew people!
game-hours: 414.9
review: for the sake of badges
game-hours: 757.9
review: If you're not buying this game, I'm gonna spank your mother. jk great game.
game-hours: 886.2
review: I have already vouched that this game is one of my favorite FPS's of all time (I am including 1.6 as part of this "bundle" called counter strike.) If you are interested (which you most probably aren't), my review is on my alt acc.
game-hours: 2522.8
review: Best FPS ever! It's the newest version of Counter Strike (CS). New weapons, graphics, online modes, skins (Buyable) and lots of new achievements to get. Well, im addicted. Throw your COD disc in the trash can and buy this. You won't regret it.
game-hours: 196.2
review: GOOD GAME :D
game-hours: 103.1
review: That's good game
game-hours: 587.9
review: getting better as they continue to fix things
game-hours: 16.6
review: CLASSIC. Buy this. NOW. And play with me!
game-hours: 227.9
review: Best Fps shooter game
game-hours: 738.2
review: good
game-hours: 513.0
review: Nice Game , I like it.
game-hours: 1212.7
review: FUN AF
game-hours: 563.5
review: BEST GAME EU
game-hours: 898.9
review: Yes, it's nice and you learn to get more skill.
game-hours: 688.0
review: i have lost all my hair playing this game..
game-hours: 882.3
review: The best!
game-hours: 425.3
review: P90 10/10
game-hours: 285.9
review: Its very good game . Good for collecting weapons ,trading cards and having fun with friends. I highly recommend it if you have some time to make fun Thanks
game-hours: 282.8
review: It's great except hit detection is sometimes awful, and the fact that when you want to play competative matches you'll tend to find the laggiest matches in history.
game-hours: 265.1
review: Any gamemode you play you will be either called a hacker or be  talked, but you get skins and stickers for guns 10/10
game-hours: 1405.5
review: The is one of the greatest games there is out on team. The quality of the game is absolutely extraordinary! Worth every second playing it.
game-hours: 1278.9
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 1189.7
review: I definetley recommend this game. Such a fun, competitive game. Love the competitiveness and the casual play options. Good game for the heavy pro gamers and the light, casual gamers. Overall, an awesome game.
game-hours: 98.6
review: i like 2 take lsd lol
game-hours: 99.2
review: Perfect
game-hours: 735.6
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is what a FPS should be. This has to be the best skill-based FPS on the market. The guns feel powerful and rewarding, and the addition of camos is great. The only problem with the game is the difficulty. The game is played competively, and a good amount of the players on it have been playing Counter-Strike since the beginning are godlike. So the game has a bit of a learing curve in the respect that it takes practice to be able to compete against some of the other players. But once you are to that point, this game is extremely rewarding. Getting a kill in this game is so much more satisfying than any other FPS I've played, mainly because getting kills aren't easy. All in all, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a must have for any FPS fan due to the rewarding gunplay, great map design, and large community as soon as you overcome the learning curve.
game-hours: 619.6
review: TOO COOL To BE TRUE. I have no idea why the players of 1.6 and source hate it. It is an amazing game. It has great matchmaking so noobs dont play with a pro. Try it.
game-hours: 1708.5
review: Don't do it. Just don't. Go play something else. Gamwmana akia..
game-hours: 1350.9
review: Iesaku .
game-hours: 1339.0
review: Well, it's Counter-Strike. So buy it and shut up.
game-hours: 57.5
review: MEET COUNTER STRIKE GLOBAL OFFENSIVE! A whole new level of awesomeness, with new stuff like: Overpowered snipers Better graphics Better everything What else to say?? F**k that, JUST BUY THE GAME ALREADY! This comment was brought to you by SWAGLORD coportation I got this story inspired from a dude in the comments section about cs:go Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there! Based on a true story...
game-hours: 165.4
review: Good game, lots of fun. Many chickens killed.
game-hours: 303.7
review: don't buy ruins lives
game-hours: 781.7
review: like a bossss game!!!! Should buy it, but need to pay a lot for awesome skins Still worth my $14.99
game-hours: 94.9
review: The best FPS out there fun, full of action. BOOM HeadsShot!!!
game-hours: 1476.5
review: Yes!
game-hours: 724.7
review: FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN...... its a fun game
game-hours: 618.8
review: One of the best fps games ever! Pretty cheap also, a very good choice!
game-hours: 983.9
review: Game's broken.
game-hours: 598.1
review: its like the matrix the enemy can use slow motion to dodge all your bullets, but you can't matchmaking/10
game-hours: 487.8
review: Very fun and addicting game! Marketing with weapon skins can also bring you a big profit, if you're lucky enough.
game-hours: 726.7
review: An amazing addition to the CS series, whith the series best graphics--whilst fast and easy on RAM/GPU systems, interface, and gameplay that is uncomparable to any of the other games. As the gameplay might be closer--it is a FPS--it still keeps the feel and play of CS with an additional amount of new feautres and cleaner HUD. The menu and interfaces in the game unique and works well and is quik and easy to get used to, without distracting or steering away from older/modern interfaces. As for the new official gamemodes for the game adds more hours and fun to the game versus source or any of the others.
game-hours: 652.6
review: I don't always buy a flash, but when I do, I flash myself. 10/10.
game-hours: 143.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 1269.1
review: GG
game-hours: 914.4
review: Best. Game. Ever.
game-hours: 288.3
review: 10/10 Would play again. ak is op af and guns in market cost more then real guns GG.
game-hours: 192.7
review: Fun fact: Randoms are actually a dead gopher lying facedown on a keyboard 10/10
game-hours: 1940.5
review: Love this game. If you are a tatical person who has a intrest on shooting people in the head then this is the game
game-hours: 263.2
review: 3 Step Program #1 Play cs:go #2 Disregard females #3 Acquire skins
game-hours: 992.9
review: Dood, this game is full of . I like  so I like this game! :D How will I rank without ?
game-hours: 751.3
review: A bit easy since I am pro and a complete beast at this game, but it's still pretty good. m8 i r8 8/8 but would be gr8 if not everyone was noob
game-hours: 365.6
review: Who doesnt like shooting stuff especially other people.
game-hours: 540.2
review: CS RUSH   RUSH P90     rush B
game-hours: 511.4
review: There has been a great deal of controversy on whether the game fulfilled the peoples' expectations and whether it deserves to be considered as worthy as its ancestors. Many positive points to be noticed: Great graphics (for a cs game) and Satisfying gameplay that can make you unable to stop playing, especially if playing with friends. On the negatives, compared to the previous titles, it has many things that devs could fix/improve. Plus, the matchmaking system is not working as expected, and as it seems, no serious efforts are made to change that. Last but not least, i have to point that the cs go community is likely the worst. Still, worth buying. 7/10 nearly 700 hours of gameplay (multiple accounts)
game-hours: 91.6
review: Skins, Skins every where...
game-hours: 199.0
review: AWESOME GAME!!!!!1
game-hours: 3076.2
review: amazing game
game-hours: 1707.5
review: The best strategy and tactical fps game ... :P must recommended to every fps game lovers :D
game-hours: 695.5
review: Pros- The best crate farming simulator out there Chickens Shooting teamates and them screaming in some unlegible langauge Cons- Every other aspect of the game The people that scream at me in an unlegible language kick me, i cri :(
game-hours: 17.1
review: An awesome game and one I would suggest for those who love classic First Person Shooter games.
game-hours: 249.5
review: I think this is very good Multyplayer,good graphic and Action-War game. 9/10 If you wanna buy one awesumeh game,buy this !
game-hours: 377.8
review: Quit cod for this game. Simply amazing
game-hours: 212.8
review: Really cool game! Its a new Counter Strike and it's just awesome!
game-hours: 543.2
review: CS:GO is a trully revolutionary expirience in gaming. You get to fly jets and take down skyscrapers. This game has the realism of 300% ot of 7% possible. Getting headshots is really rewarding, you feel as if you just shot someone in the face...people rarely enjoy when I unexpectedly spray my heavy load all over their faces and chest (load of bullets that is). I give this gave a trillion coins...which means that the metascore for it is 98 (ing Awesome !!!).
game-hours: 29.7
review: i never played this game for a single second ever in my life but apparently i can write a review about it cool
game-hours: 273.2
review: px
game-hours: 730.1
review: Absolutely a nice game -Nice gameplay -Ranking system -Trading system for skins is pretty awesome and the system about the skins overall
game-hours: 469.3
review: good game
game-hours: 1212.3
review: very good game :D
game-hours: 791.2
review: Ah, Counter-Strike...Remember it since I started playing with my brother thinking I can beat him. Memories. Good. Memories. This version of Counter-Strike keeps all the good old memories by not getting rid of the old maps which we love, plus, makes them better. An FPS that will always be remembered. The new addition of skins make people get more and more into the game. There's no moment in which you want to play more than the moment when you get a new, good looking item. From what I've seen yet, this game has an awesome competitive system for new players, who want to get into the game. The silver ranks are the ranks in which you learn tactics and try out new weapons. Maybe master them all. Counter-Strike will never get old. I remember months ago playing 1.6 with a friend on his computer at home. But sadly, I don't know why, I feel like this will be the last Counter-Strike. Like Team Fortress 2. Maybe I feel this because there's no room for "better" anymore. Counter-Strike/10.
game-hours: 562.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 2967.6
review: if u like to cry while playing a fps this is the game for you.
game-hours: 965.6
review: nice game and best ever
game-hours: 2382.1
review: (y)
game-hours: 675.9
review: Basically the same shooting game you have played 1000 times, but if you are obsessed with being the best or smtg, then ranked is for you. Most common languages you will meet is english and russian. Best of it, is that if you are pist off by noobs, you don`t have to worry about it here. Once you gain high rank you will play only with similar ranks. You can find interesting events and communities and hey - mby even friends. And if you have friends, you can play ranked together. The first thing I recommend - NEVER EVER shoot teammates in first second and NEVER EVER leave ranked. Penalty is ridiculously high. And if you think that 11EUR is too much, you can always wait for discounts like 50% & 75% off which is nice.
game-hours: 1400.0
review: great game!
game-hours: 33.9
review: I never play the first counter strike or CS:S But this game is very fun 8/10 for me game on!
game-hours: 140.2
review: comes with a gambling addiction, but fun if you like competitive games.
game-hours: 131.4
review: GAME BRUTAL!
game-hours: 578.9
review: this game is so good, it makes me cry
game-hours: 1899.4
review: decent game
game-hours: 271.7
review: CS-GO is by far one of the best in the franchise.
game-hours: 209.1
review: Great game 10/10 everyone has to love the Counter-Strike Series >better than C.O.D >Everyone loves to call you a hacker >Hardly no 12vies :D
game-hours: 602.1
review: This game is 4 stronk ppl :D
game-hours: 1405.5
review: The is one of the greatest games there is out on team. The quality of the game is absolutely extraordinary! Worth every second playing it.
game-hours: 1278.9
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 1189.7
review: I definetley recommend this game. Such a fun, competitive game. Love the competitiveness and the casual play options. Good game for the heavy pro gamers and the light, casual gamers. Overall, an awesome game.
game-hours: 98.6
review: i like 2 take lsd lol
game-hours: 99.2
review: Perfect
game-hours: 735.6
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is what a FPS should be. This has to be the best skill-based FPS on the market. The guns feel powerful and rewarding, and the addition of camos is great. The only problem with the game is the difficulty. The game is played competively, and a good amount of the players on it have been playing Counter-Strike since the beginning are godlike. So the game has a bit of a learing curve in the respect that it takes practice to be able to compete against some of the other players. But once you are to that point, this game is extremely rewarding. Getting a kill in this game is so much more satisfying than any other FPS I've played, mainly because getting kills aren't easy. All in all, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a must have for any FPS fan due to the rewarding gunplay, great map design, and large community as soon as you overcome the learning curve.
game-hours: 619.6
review: TOO COOL To BE TRUE. I have no idea why the players of 1.6 and source hate it. It is an amazing game. It has great matchmaking so noobs dont play with a pro. Try it.
game-hours: 1708.5
review: Don't do it. Just don't. Go play something else. Gamwmana akia..
game-hours: 1350.9
review: Iesaku .
game-hours: 1339.0
review: Well, it's Counter-Strike. So buy it and shut up.
game-hours: 57.5
review: MEET COUNTER STRIKE GLOBAL OFFENSIVE! A whole new level of awesomeness, with new stuff like: Overpowered snipers Better graphics Better everything What else to say?? F**k that, JUST BUY THE GAME ALREADY! This comment was brought to you by SWAGLORD coportation I got this story inspired from a dude in the comments section about cs:go Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there! Based on a true story...
game-hours: 165.4
review: Good game, lots of fun. Many chickens killed.
game-hours: 376.0
review: This is the nokia 3310 of shooting games.
game-hours: 1036.6
review: The Good Game
game-hours: 380.5
review: Decent
game-hours: 1524.8
review: Currently the best competitive FPS indeed ! It is difficult to take in hand the game at the beginning, but with some practice, you should get the mechanics of the game. The strong point is that VALVe publishes updates regularly but also brings a support for the eSport with "eSport cases", team sticker or event cashprize (ESL One, DreamHack). VALVe is also close to the community and also helps map maker with the Operation/Season Pass like Operation Breakout or Operation Phoenix, so you can play community map in competitive mode ! The weak point imo, is the community, you're a noob, ou you're a cheater. Furthermore, there are many cheater when the game is cheap on Steam, but these low prices are usually followed by many VAC ban... This game does not look like other games as the Call of Duty Saga (this game is for child and noob) and they want to make money, CS:GO is a real competitive game which knows how to evolve and which knows how to listen to his community pro and casual community ! GL & HF ! Thanks VOLVO :D
game-hours: 882.5
review: fun game. noobs stay away
game-hours: 134.2
review: 2EZ4HS
game-hours: 795.1
review: This game is very nice. I enjoy it a lot.
game-hours: 579.3
review: Just awesome and perfect game <3
game-hours: 370.3
review: Vely Guwd
game-hours: 1870.6
review: luv this game, personally much better than source
game-hours: 505.5
review: Bingo Bango Bongo Bish Bash Bosh
game-hours: 939.6
review: If You Never Want A Life Again Play This Game.
game-hours: 283.1
review: fajna gra e sie strzela do policjantw albo do zuych ludkw
game-hours: 685.1
review: sweg game
game-hours: 150.9
review: Good game
game-hours: 883.0
review: Raged 10/10
game-hours: 383.2
review: UP AND HAVE FUN! Or you could play against cheaters and get furios and kill EVERYONE! Thats up to you to decide... 999/10
game-hours: 715.4
review: 1337 / 10 Best game 4 Ever!!!11!!
game-hours: 379.9
review: the best modern fps ever
game-hours: 505.5
review: Bingo Bango Bongo Bish Bash Bosh
game-hours: 939.6
review: If You Never Want A Life Again Play This Game.
game-hours: 283.1
review: fajna gra e sie strzela do policjantw albo do zuych ludkw
game-hours: 1928.8
review: foarte tare frate
game-hours: 1166.1
review: Simple to learn, difficult to master. Also, you can name your guns after anime characters and be a mega weeb :D ...what am i doing with my life? :/
game-hours: 613.7
review: Will take over your life if you are not paying attention. Be careful. 10/10 would play all day.
game-hours: 803.1
review: Dank.
game-hours: 655.8
review: Gr8 game !!!! you either die trying or get called a smurf :P Definetly recommended
game-hours: 686.2
review: dis so gud shud totes buy is very cheap
game-hours: 43.3
review: Really Awesone Need it for sure played it
game-hours: 948.0
review: Awesome and hard game :) Ragequit much though
game-hours: 352.2
review: I was a bit late to the Counter Strike franchise. I played most cods (MW2, WaW, and Black Ops 1) my life untill shown steam. I do own the other ones but this one, being the most current and with its own competetive online play is fantastic. Get in a group with 4 other friends and you'll have a blast yelling at each other for the entire game as someone will mess up and then everyone will start fighting. It's pretty great fun, especially since after MGE its very common to come across DDosers, wallers, triggerbots and aimbots. All in all, I do recomend this game, its pretty fun, and when you're not in a game with any of those people and you really get into it with some friends, its fantastic to play. Get in there and start Terrorizing or Counter Terrorizing!
game-hours: 1158.3
review: Valve plz.
game-hours: 36.0
review: COOL DOWNS ARE COMPLETE YT
game-hours: 1847.2
review: Very fun game that everyone in the world should start play it.
game-hours: 1184.8
review: i King
game-hours: 888.7
review: Very nice game.
game-hours: 379.9
review: pew pew
game-hours: 933.0
review: great!
game-hours: 508.8
review: sehr gut!
game-hours: 64.5
review: Perfect for who like fps games.... So much funny!
game-hours: 363.3
review: The best game by valve after the old but gold, Counter- Strike 1.6 <3
game-hours: 1614.9
review: best game ever
game-hours: 262.3
review: goood
game-hours: 1095.8
review: The best MP;FPS game by Valve .
game-hours: 292.5
review: Great game Fun to play :D !!! HAHA'S
game-hours: 136.4
review: Guns, Guns everywhere.
game-hours: 62.3
review: mantab
game-hours: 720.9
review: Jaja
game-hours: 3246.5
review: A great addition to the Counter-Strike series, I highly recommend it.
game-hours: 199.8
review: Great game, definite successor to Call of Duty. Except you still die from a sniper bullet to the toenail. 9/10
game-hours: 52.7
review: If you like being killed by people with more money than you, then look no further! This game made me cry.
game-hours: 402.6
review: BEst <3
game-hours: 67.4
review: Easy to learn, hard to master. Great game whether you're a casual plebian like me, or an FPS veteran. The skins are a bonus: you can pretty much recoup the cost of the game if you've been playing for a while.
game-hours: 702.6
review: very nice 5/5
game-hours: 124.8
review: Awesome Game.
game-hours: 748.1
review: Fun, fun and even more fun. Volvo did great. BRB need to pray to our lord and savior GabeN
game-hours: 92.2
review: I vvill like to someone give me this as gift :)
game-hours: 2052.9
review: best game ever :) :) ;)
game-hours: 531.8
review: The best waste of time since CS 1.6.
game-hours: 156.7
review: Good competitive and challenging FPS. It takes heaps of skill, and the game takes a long time to master and get the hang of. I reckon that this is one of the best FPS games on PC at the moment, easily dominating the last few Call of Duty's and Battlefield's. The weapon and sticker collecting in this game is brilliant. The map design is detailed and the develepors cleary tested and thought through everything. This is a good FPS which is pretty underated, and should deserve more attention. (Too bad i cant play most multiplayer games anymore since I moved. The internet here is crap)
game-hours: 1265.7
review: taught me how to smoked a kush
game-hours: 1145.8
review: De
game-hours: 204.1
review: Weagabe, casegabe, mapgabe Gamegabe.
game-hours: 2483.8
review: eel
game-hours: 910.7
review: Yeah its good. Spent lots of money on it.
game-hours: 1390.7
review: I really like competitive mode! It features awesome maps like de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2,de_dust2, AND de_dust2, No but really you can't wear guns as hats in this game, it sucks. 3/10 Like call of duty with chickens.
game-hours: 268.3
review: Just buy it.
game-hours: 843.0
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive raises the bar for tactical first person shooters. This game is finely tuned and balanced not only in gameplay but with map design as well, to create an even fight for both teams. This pushes players to not simply hope for lucky shots and instead think more strategically about their every move. The introduction of weapon skins gives people a cosmetic incentive to strive for, as there are different weapon skins to fit the individual style of every player. This combination of pristine gameplay and in-game economy makes this one of my favorite first person shooters to date and it will likely never be overshadowed by another.
game-hours: 880.9
review: gg reckt m80
game-hours: 920.4
review: x
game-hours: 637.9
review: Obvious as it is - this game is next part of legendary "Counter-Strike" series. Would recommend to everyone, who previously played CS 1.6 or CS:S. With lots of graphical improvements, this game still has it's atmosphere of CS. Lots of new maps, workshop content, weapon skins, different stream and competetive matchmaking (5v5) with ranking system will keep you entertained all the time. Higly recommend it. ;)
game-hours: 420.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 72.3
review: Amazingly rich storytelling and character development. 10/10
game-hours: 688.6
review: wouldrage80%ofthetime/10
game-hours: 585.2
review: Buy this game now.
game-hours: 2470.7
review: Too good of a game. Just be warned if you buy and want to play with me I might just bite your head off in-game. ;)
game-hours: 530.3
review: This game ruined my life.. :D
game-hours: 680.1
review: Just when i thought that the Legacy of counter Strike is about to fade away and bite the dust , like a bolt from the blue comes CSGO the saviour of the franchise . Keep us addicted and glued forever .Way to go !!! Loved the transition. Thanks .
game-hours: 640.6
review: holy
game-hours: 285.2
review: Why don't the terrorists just set the bomb timer to 10 seconds?
game-hours: 846.8
review: Ruined my life and wallet. Definitely recommended.
game-hours: 493.2
review: dis game so gud, it got me singing a song and it goes like.. GIMME DA KEN SKINS!
game-hours: 464.7
review: It's amazing c:
game-hours: 1797.2
review: Brought me hours of entertainment! Worth buying!
game-hours: 873.9
review: nice game fun
game-hours: 621.0
review: opens case, wants asiimov, gets bizon, praise GabeN. 5 stars.
game-hours: 1144.5
review: Ruin your life.
game-hours: 1778.6
review: Really catchy and competitive FPS game. A successful successor of legendary 1.6.
game-hours: 1265.7
review: taught me how to smoked a kush
game-hours: 1145.8
review: De
game-hours: 204.1
review: Weagabe, casegabe, mapgabe Gamegabe.
game-hours: 2483.8
review: eel
game-hours: 676.6
review: I have played this game a ton, everyday 8 hours. This game has a HUGE skill gap, but once you fill some of it in by learning the maps, map awareness, aiming for the head, and everything else. This game is very addicting also, and almost never gets old!
game-hours: 1400.0
review: great game!
game-hours: 33.9
review: I never play the first counter strike or CS:S But this game is very fun 8/10 for me game on!
game-hours: 140.2
review: comes with a gambling addiction, but fun if you like competitive games.
game-hours: 131.4
review: GAME BRUTAL!
game-hours: 589.8
review: Bomm
game-hours: 48.1
review: mnogo goteno!
game-hours: 678.2
review: Beast
game-hours: 222.2
review: Its good :))
game-hours: 920.4
review: Lots of fun, really good game to sit down a moment and just relax and have fun!
game-hours: 2128.4
review: Best game in the universe! 10/10 very competitive!
game-hours: 715.2
review: One of my favorite games of all times! This is fun going solo in a Team deathmatch, doing a team in competitive, even just going against bots is fun! Its hard to get used to, but super fun when you learn how to play!
game-hours: 415.3
review: this game has tooken my money,my life,my family and my education. The only maths i know how to do know is the value of each gun and how to rip off someone for there camos 10/10
game-hours: 644.9
review: The best game ever has gotten even better, because now it has STICKERS!!!!
game-hours: 1656.4
review: Pretty cool!
game-hours: 570.1
review: csgo one of the best game....:)
game-hours: 1190.9
review: Whats there to say? Master of the Competitive/Fun FPS games :) Deserves it!
game-hours: 1583.9
review: ...
game-hours: 1460.3
review: the best game
game-hours: 916.4
review: Most passive fps ever... god its terrible. A+
game-hours: 1149.6
review: Veeryy GGooDD game
game-hours: 744.2
review: Awesome game,love it
game-hours: 239.7
review: Good game, hopefully doesnt become f2p while it has serious players NEEDS A DAMN LINUX PORT Great game otherwise would recommend, but stay off classic competitive till you know what you're doing (I'm tired of skrubs team killing cuz they didn't know there's friendly fire in comp).
game-hours: 746.3
review: This game was the result of me failing University, I now take Class A drugs to ease my depression. Good game though
game-hours: 550.1
review: CS:GO is one of the best games ever made!
game-hours: 191.2
review: buy buy buy lol
game-hours: 239.5
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a near perfect FPS. It has a ton to offer considering it is an MP only game. It is extremely easy to jump from CS 1.6 or CS Source into this game and do just fine. It is also very friendly to people who are new to the Counter-Strike series. Overall I HIGHLY recomended this game.
game-hours: 7.2
review: pikk
game-hours: 418.3
review: This game ruined my life. 10/10.
game-hours: 715.5
review: this game is pretty much CSS with better graphics but it does have its fun times because of those graphics the game is not as good as CSS but this game is money well spent
game-hours: 369.5
review: good
game-hours: 421.3
review: Chickens with hats on holidays. 11/10
game-hours: 644.3
review: kek
game-hours: 386.4
review: I do not have a lot of hours on this game, but from playing CSS and CS 1.6 I can say they have done an outstanding job. I love Counter Strike and will always love the game, people care about graphics pfffft, it is all about gameplay and this game has it. It is 1000x better than COD and all other first person shooter, if you are looking for a game that will bring a lot of fun to you this is the game to get. Once you get into it, you can never stop playing from how fun the game is, best gameplay, best first person shooter and I strongly recommend this game.
game-hours: 569.9
review: skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins
game-hours: 656.0
review: Counter Strike has come a long way since it was a Half-Life mod in the late 90's and is still just as fun as the first day I played it. If you're looking to purchase an FPS that will outlast any COD or Battlefield game you've ever owned stop here. We've been playing on the same core maps since the beginning and we still come back for more. There's no other FPS experience like it. Valves best title in my opinion.
game-hours: 199.1
review: Game play is same as CS 1.6. Better graphics new Weapons and new Gameplay mods. I highly recommand this game. But if you are in Pakistan, It will be hard for you to find Servers of this game.
game-hours: 553.3
review: best game
game-hours: 58.6
review: my opinion is fact
game-hours: 633.7
review: Addictive and cool game... That's all I can say about it... :D
game-hours: 85.5
review: PEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEW
game-hours: 21.5
review: One time I went into this random server and there were about 20 people, good guys and bad guys, and they were making a pyramid. They were all so happy. They saw me and said, "Hey, , we need one more person for the top!" They smiled. I climbed up their eager bodies and stood at the top, believing what I was seeing; a whole world and all that lay before me was justice and understanding and people coming together. When I was done unloading my AK-47 into the tops of people's heads, chaos broke out. Sides turned on eachother, brother killed brother, blood filled the room. They cursed my name and said I was banished from the game forever. I believed them but vowed I would return to reclaim my place at the top. Now, more than 10 years later, I am ready to kill those who have wronged me. Actually it's hard. This game is hard: 8/10
game-hours: 251.7
review: This is the best Modern Shooter MMO on the market I've ever downloaded, and since its cheap its even better the only thing that annoys me are the microtranactions and some of the champions I want to buy are very overpriced and premium currency is way too expensive. 10/9 would buy
game-hours: 477.3
review: Great game, reallyyy competitive!
game-hours: 501.5
review: Why do I even bother? This game is an endless stream of constant death, populated by nerds who have been playing nothing but Counterstrike for 10 years. No matter how hard I try, they keep pushing me aside and I can't break through. There's no talking to them. It's so sad that they're killing me and it takes time to believe it, but after all is said and done, I'm gonna be the lonely one. My aim is hopeless and no amount of practice seems to help. The gun camos and stickers, however, are fantastic. Stattrak? Absolutely beautiful. I can no longer picture my life without it. I can't stop. I won't stop. 200 confirmed kills and counting. I only play this game when I have nothing better to play, and it never fails to crush my self esteem. I am no good at games. I am worthless. What's the point of anything? Where did everything go so wrong? How did I end up like this? I don't care but I do. I don't like me. I just can't do it anymore. I wouldn't hesitate to buy this again.
game-hours: 1148.6
review: this is a game
game-hours: 624.5
review: Valve stop selling cs:go for 5.5.. Make it 20E so that kids won't buy it to play with cheats.   VALVE WITH  MATCHMAKING AND FAIL cs:go SERVERS WITH LAGS AND BAD SETTINGS. I hope that all those kids that play with cheats will die from cancer. they or their mother.
game-hours: 744.4
review: gets my  REAL hard.
game-hours: 1480.3
review: Even Taylor Swift plays counter-strike...why arent you?
game-hours: 1474.4
review: you either die a scrub or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 313.3
review: dope game, dope drops, dope/10
game-hours: 489.3
review: What can I say? This game harbours an explicit way of first person shooters. Run, Aim and Shoot, but you ask yourself, is that really it? My answer and hundreds and thousands will agree with me here in saying, NO! This game is not explicit, this game is so complex that It breaks away from every shooter to date. This game is an anomaly. This game will treat you hours upon hours of enjoyable strategies, intense nail-biting games, immeasurable comebacks, case(key)purchasing, hacker allegations, skin buying and the most celebrated attribute to this game, Fun. Competitive gamemode is what I will be discussing in this paragraph.Counter Strike Global Offensive does what Call of Duty and many other shooters can't, team strategeies. While team strategies don't prove to be utmost prevalent in some Fps's, this game basks in that essence, it basks in that oasis of serenity. Team strategies is so important in this game, that If you have a 'bad' team, you will find yourself a little vexed because one guy cant smoke mid, or cant aim with an AK-47, but when you do find yourself that perfect mix of players, then will you really enjoy the essence of the game. Now the non-competitive gamemodes do add in a sort of haven for people just starting out. Arms race, the gamemode in which you start out with a gun and once you progress killing the opposing team, your guns will also progress. Once you reach the gold knife level, then you really have a challenge. Casual servers are perfect for practicing for competitive and gun aiming too. Now some cons in the competitive servers are that you will find some players are quite belligerent and abasing in the sense that they will troll you, teamkill you, annoy you and will critique the very way you play, but in my opinion, just have fun and try not to get those types of people inside your head. In conclusion, I strongly believe that this game is fantastic, it strays away from that different side of fps's and delivers fantastic gameplay and enjoyable hours. I reccomend this game to anyone that owns steam.
game-hours: 2100.9
review: Great Game, so many hours gone ;D
game-hours: 1963.9
review: Absolutely amazing game, get ready to smash your keyboards and rip your hair out if you're coming straight from CoD. For 10 it's simply a "must buy" title. It's a great game with a great e-sports community and you'll soak loads and loads of hours into it.
game-hours: 367.2
review: A must. 10/10 got nothing more to say, buy it. (warning, skins might rob you.)
game-hours: 3969.9
review: This is the best game i have every played in my life but they can work on the anti cheat system and the smurfs are not making it any better other than that this is the best game i have every played.
game-hours: 269.1
review: i only played it for one day so far and im already in love with it i highly recommend it
game-hours: 909.2
review: i shot boolit 2 fayst maek ma own butthoel bleeded
game-hours: 877.3
review: nice ..i can release my stress by killing peps in this game
game-hours: 375.3
review: get rekd american piggu
game-hours: 1195.9
review: Yep!
game-hours: 86.7
review: pretty frking awesome
game-hours: 1673.0
review: SEHR SEHR NICE :)
game-hours: 520.9
review: Very good. The franchise continues! One of the better Valve game (first Counter Strike 1.6). Every day a lot of items are sold in the Steam Market. Some cheap, others not. :P I personally like the game, except the 56 damage in 5 hits... One good thing about all CS is, CS isn't a buy-to-win game. Are 10 well spent! *sorry my english isn't very good*
game-hours: 783.2
review: love this game. This is my first counterstrike experiance and it fills that void that has been left by every other modern day shooter 10/10
game-hours: 1872.2
review: love <3
game-hours: 1759.1
review: game ing sucks
game-hours: 688.8
review: wouldrage80%ofthetime/10
game-hours: 585.2
review: Buy this game now.
game-hours: 2471.0
review: Too good of a game. Just be warned if you buy and want to play with me I might just bite your head off in-game. ;)
game-hours: 530.3
review: This game ruined my life.. :D
game-hours: 680.1
review: Just when i thought that the Legacy of counter Strike is about to fade away and bite the dust , like a bolt from the blue comes CSGO the saviour of the franchise . Keep us addicted and glued forever .Way to go !!! Loved the transition. Thanks .
game-hours: 514.9
review: This game is awesome, i recommend you to get it!
game-hours: 246.2
review: This game made me racist. Even in dota 2 I didn't experience such hate and anger. RECOMMEND!!!!
game-hours: 1609.6
review: The best! definitely worth playing!
game-hours: 1021.9
review: Best Game N/A
game-hours: 320.1
review: chicken
game-hours: 143.8
review: yes
game-hours: 48.2
review: AWPs... AWPs everywhere. 11/10
game-hours: 390.4
review: The game Counter Strike: Global Offensive is a great game, it is very competitive orientated, so if you get this you must have patience, because it takes a while to get good at the game.
game-hours: 52.2
review: Electricity went off and got 7 day ban 10/10 would get banned again
game-hours: 406.5
review: shoot people online
game-hours: 353.3
review: Elite Task Force agents needed to stop terrorist bombing and the rescue of importaint hostages. They are trained in the art of tactical war...... can't aim down sights. 11/10 Would spray again.
game-hours: 809.7
review: This game is nothing like Team fortress 2 it takes skill hard-work. I recommend this game to those that love challenges and the bigger rewards at the end. If i were to not play or enjoy team fortress 2 or quit it i will definitely go this game. 8.5/10
game-hours: 247.3
review: the game allows you to shoot chickens animal abuse, peta no approve 0/10
game-hours: 77.6
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is definitely a step in the right direction. All the people who played the older CS games will feel right at home with all the classic maps. However, everyone, no matter if it's a new player or veteran, will have to get used to new things like recoil patterns, movement, etc. So everyone has an equal chance of winning, depending on how much they've played and gotten use to the game, of course. CS:GO combines tactics with shooting skills so well that it is one of the best well-ballanced and competitive shooters out there.
game-hours: 1250.0
review: In my opinion, the best Counter-Strike, and a lot of fun!
game-hours: 23.9
review: Good game obviously. Just buying the keys are not worth it.
game-hours: 1168.8
review: Best game EU :D
game-hours: 192.2
review: gg one of the best games
game-hours: 717.0
review: Good game.
game-hours: 839.9
review: Baller.
game-hours: 643.1
review: Amazing game, love it dearly. Great FPS and tactical shooter!
game-hours: 923.8
review: 0/10 Would definitely play.
game-hours: 1729.9
review: Nothing to do? CS : GO will take your time ...
game-hours: 578.2
review: Too fun! Thank you Valve!
game-hours: 343.6
review: gets a 1deag wakes up
game-hours: 270.3
review: The Arms Race update is like crack, and I'm not sure how to quit it. 10/10
game-hours: 1055.0
review: Best FPS game I've ever played! And really cheap! Buy it ;)
game-hours: 709.0
review: If you dont have this game YOU ARE MISSING OUT ON PC!!! GET IT RIGHT NOW! ITS WORTH YOUR MONEY AND YOUR TIME!
game-hours: 89.5
review: popii
game-hours: 1408.0
review: Such a great game! 10/10
game-hours: 20.5
review: Getting owned by my friend aurkan Would play again 10/10 just kidding i like the game its a classic but if you are a cod or bf4 fan i wont recommend it
game-hours: 1230.8
review: Its not as bad as everyone claims it, imho its one of the best titles ive ever played
game-hours: 768.9
review: Such an improvement to CS:S. If you like CS then you'll love CS:GO.
game-hours: 1318.1
review: Best game , it has some skins and gun styles , but it need high graphics to have the ability to play this game in high fps 100+
game-hours: 26.2
review: Everyone is way better than me. I can tell because they have fancy knives and call me a noob. Also, most of them have had sex with my mom.
game-hours: 1293.1
review: Go Go
game-hours: 25.3
review: can 360 noscope in this game, unlike other cod franchisesaf 8/8 would noscop gain -ign
game-hours: 503.4
review: Great multiplayer game worth the money. The trading is fun too!
game-hours: 478.1
review: Recomend this game.
game-hours: 1473.0
review: This game, best shooter in the world. What is CoD?
game-hours: 640.6
review: holy
game-hours: 285.2
review: Why don't the terrorists just set the bomb timer to 10 seconds?
game-hours: 846.8
review: Ruined my life and wallet. Definitely recommended.
game-hours: 493.2
review: dis game so gud, it got me singing a song and it goes like.. GIMME DA KEN SKINS!
game-hours: 464.7
review: It's amazing c:
game-hours: 925.9
review: DAMMM SO FUN GAME U SHOULD BUY IT GUYS
game-hours: 1797.2
review: Brought me hours of entertainment! Worth buying!
game-hours: 873.9
review: nice game fun
game-hours: 621.0
review: opens case, wants asiimov, gets bizon, praise GabeN. 5 stars.
game-hours: 1144.5
review: Ruin your life.
game-hours: 1778.6
review: Really catchy and competitive FPS game. A successful successor of legendary 1.6.
game-hours: 677.1
review: It has guns and you can shoot people. 10/10
game-hours: 338.3
review: BEST GAME EVER MADE MADE ME  MAY PANTS IT WAS SO GOOD 0/10 HAD TO GET NEW PANTS
game-hours: 237.7
review: If you're a first person shooter fan and want a good game with a variety of weapon skins and random game drops then this is the game for you.
game-hours: 314.7
review: I could have donated 50 to a charitey but i wanted a knife.
game-hours: 666.5
review: great game, so fun, so addicting. i found it boring at first but then when you start playing competitive it gets really fun
game-hours: 924.6
review: Best FPS game that has been ever made. 5/5
game-hours: 858.8
review: BEST GAME EVER SHOULD BUY 10/10
game-hours: 470.3
review: Full on spray at point blank = You die and only give them 95 damage in 3 hits Getting the drop on the enemy and getting a headshot = They do a 180 and headshot you immediately and you only give them 95 damage in 3 hits Taking a pot shot half way across the map while running away = Your first kill What.
game-hours: 58.6
review: my opinion is fact
game-hours: 633.7
review: Addictive and cool game... That's all I can say about it... :D
game-hours: 85.5
review: PEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEWPEW PEW PEW PEW PEW
game-hours: 2289.2
review: Open case, want a 100 Knife get a 0.03 skin. The world of CS:GO
game-hours: 1595.0
review: g
game-hours: 2672.8
review: 1v1 me noob
game-hours: 261.9
review: Knifed a guy in competative and he ragequit. 11/10
game-hours: 856.6
review: fddgdfgh
game-hours: 1233.0
review: Play hard - GO pro :) Best CS so far!
game-hours: 657.4
review: step 1. Lose lots of competive matches. step 2. Cry step 3. be silver 1 step 4. be very sad
game-hours: 657.4
review: step 1. Lose lots of competive matches. step 2. Cry step 3. be silver 1 step 4. be very sad
game-hours: 803.3
review: I really like this game!
game-hours: 900.7
review: Better than robocraft
game-hours: 231.2
review: BUUUUUUUUUUUUUU HAMIDI FON  MAN GR8 B8 M8 I R8 STR8 8/8 NO H8 EVEN IF IM L8 TO DEB8 'BOUT THIS SH8 CAUSE BUUUUUUUU HAMIDI SABJE SONGJE SABJE SABJE SABJE SONGJE SABJE SONGJE AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH TROLOLOLO GRIEFER REPORT HACK OMG SUCH GRIEFER HACK OMG NODUS AHH MINECRAFT HACKED CLIENT AHH SUCH REVIEW TUMBS UP NO THUMBS TO THE SIDE PLZ AHHH GR8 G888 420TAZE IT/69
game-hours: 1417.0
review: Last version of Counter-Strike Best ESport Doomlike
game-hours: 897.2
review: ing GREAT!!! Also i spend too much on this game.........
game-hours: 1563.5
review: Get it. Dont judge just buy it.
game-hours: 1463.8
review: this game is tearing my family apart. i've never been happier.
game-hours: 154.9
review: autosniper
game-hours: 168.3
review: The Classic thinking mans shooter, updated with contemporary graphics and online fixins', this is the only FPS for me. Period. It was preceded by Counter-Strike Source, probably one of the greatest competitive FPS games of all time, and only added great things to it with the new update. The Console version sucks, this is the one to play. Like someone before me said more eloquently, "You either die like a -s c r u b- , or live long enough to be called a hacker..."
game-hours: 2495.2
review: love this game :$ it's getting closer and closer to 1.6 while still retaining all of what I like about source.
game-hours: 691.7
review: ...
game-hours: 1559.8
review: i love this gane
game-hours: 635.6
review: Open Case -> Recieve Sandstorm Galil Thank you based Valve.
game-hours: 295.6
review: Shot a scary middle eastern guy and got banned for "team killing" 10outa10
game-hours: 475.7
review: Awesome online game I ever played. :))
game-hours: 1257.2
review: World's one of the most addictive online game I ever played. Nice. Go for it.
game-hours: 1083.5
review: Geriausia , ka galejo sukurti Valve
game-hours: 982.8
review: Indeed a game very good of a kind. cheaters there many are and then happy i not am.
game-hours: 338.6
review: ermagerd its so gud but u should check out mien.
game-hours: 974.1
review: I like to do the shoots and stuff so I have much love for this game
game-hours: 1166.7
review: This game still maintains it's legacy shooter by not changing much. Not for noobs.
game-hours: 517.1
review: amazing! I love it follow me
game-hours: 1373.0
review: Really fun game and i enjoy it alot
game-hours: 1297.4
review: good game but the hackers need to be stoped
game-hours: 1294.2
review: Its cool and stuff and I like it
game-hours: 483.7
review: This is a great game that takes a lot more skill than other fps games.
game-hours: 135.2
review: BEST :)
game-hours: 314.9
review: Best Counter-Strike game ever. 10/10
game-hours: 375.3
review: Beast
game-hours: 877.9
review: This game is ing awesome...
game-hours: 1185.4
review: Gr8, 8/8 m8 - IGN
game-hours: 421.3
review: Chickens with hats on holidays. 11/10
game-hours: 644.3
review: kek
game-hours: 386.4
review: I do not have a lot of hours on this game, but from playing CSS and CS 1.6 I can say they have done an outstanding job. I love Counter Strike and will always love the game, people care about graphics pfffft, it is all about gameplay and this game has it. It is 1000x better than COD and all other first person shooter, if you are looking for a game that will bring a lot of fun to you this is the game to get. Once you get into it, you can never stop playing from how fun the game is, best gameplay, best first person shooter and I strongly recommend this game.
game-hours: 569.9
review: skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins skins
game-hours: 656.0
review: Counter Strike has come a long way since it was a Half-Life mod in the late 90's and is still just as fun as the first day I played it. If you're looking to purchase an FPS that will outlast any COD or Battlefield game you've ever owned stop here. We've been playing on the same core maps since the beginning and we still come back for more. There's no other FPS experience like it. Valves best title in my opinion.
game-hours: 199.1
review: Game play is same as CS 1.6. Better graphics new Weapons and new Gameplay mods. I highly recommand this game. But if you are in Pakistan, It will be hard for you to find Servers of this game.
game-hours: 553.3
review: best game
game-hours: 139.4
review: asdasdasdasdas
game-hours: 934.7
review: one of the best games ever :D must buy
game-hours: 821.2
review: One of the most competitive FPS's I have ever seen. It is one of the best games I grew up on.
game-hours: 2110.6
review: nice game!
game-hours: 21.6
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive (CS GO) offers a simple, yet surprisingly fun approach to the FPS genre. Coming from Battlefield 3 (which I find fun as well), I found CS GO to be a refreshing alternative. While there isn't much variety in what weapon one is able to use compared to many other shooters, it does make it easier for the developers to ensure that gameplay is well balanced. The fact that it is so easy to find a match to jump into also helps to make CS GO a great game. My only criticism is that you are not able to disable bots in private matches (either that, or I can't find the option to do so), when I sometimes want to play 1 vs 1 with a friend. *EDIT: You can disable bots using the "bot_kick" command ingame* Overall, at the normal price of $14.99 USD, which is the price of some DLC's in many games, CS GO is a great value game that is worth every cent, let alone its price during the many sales Valve holds on steam.
game-hours: 2657.4
review: <333
game-hours: 574.6
review: I used to play SWAT 4 for 7 years and I struggled a lot to find a replacement for it, until I finally tried this game and I completly fell in love with it since the first day! What can I say more... If you're a person that likes to be challenged day by day, this game is clearly for you!
game-hours: 327.5
review: Best game ever made 10/0
game-hours: 243.3
review: Really good game! CS:GO is really addicting , atleast for me. I love the skins you get and if you dont like them .. just sell them! :D This game is a really Skill-needed game and not like call of duty that everyone can be a pro. I'ts fun playing ! the ranks and comp matches... I recommend you buy it so you can feel how it is to play and not look at the pictures and say its crappy!
game-hours: 609.5
review: Is a great game, you start to spend money, and then the disease starts.
game-hours: 178.1
review: CS:GO has caused: -High blood pressure -Learning how to speak Portuguese -Edge of seat clutchness -Yelling -Friends losing their  over your anger Overall definitely worth your money.
game-hours: 50.8
review: Doesn't run well on any of my computers. 11/10
game-hours: 1072.8
review: The best FPS-game in history, now improved and even better. Counter-Strike is more alive than ever!
game-hours: 357.6
review: Passed knife to get a sandstorm twice now
game-hours: 953.0
review: Of course lol
game-hours: 1506.5
review: lovely competitve game
game-hours: 1170.8
review: Best game on steam, very fun and challenging. Takes a good amount of time to get down, but once you headshot you can't stop headshotting.
game-hours: 2574.3
review: He, he-he good game
game-hours: 382.0
review: Very good team orriented game. Much more fun to play with friends. Great game would recommend
game-hours: 127.2
review: This game, I picked up on multiple other accounts. Why? For support. Haha, just kidding. It was because competitive bans are stupidly hard-. Oh, there's trolls on your game... and they kicked you? Be banned for a week. You had to go help your roommate put away groceries? Get an auto-kick and 2 minutes later be banned. It goes WARNING > 30 MINUTES > 2 HOURS > 24 HOURS ... and I don't remember from there. Either you have trolls, foreigners because of the terrible matchmaking, unranked terribad players or AFK'ers. There's the off chance you get awesome teammates who communicate, call, voice chat and are really cool. That's nice to have once or twice. The ranking system is absolute . I am still an SEM when I have clutched 90 point games multiple times as SEM. I practically get 2 aces a game, and am called a hacker by silver. I don't get the ranking system, and don't get me started on foreigners + the TERRIBLE tick rates. I have shot, over a few games in my time point blank and he killed me with myself doing 0. Little things like this just add to your hatred of the game, but you always come back. Why? Because it's addicting. That's why I gave this game a positive recommendation. Get this game.
game-hours: 547.8
review: Gret military shooter if I've ever seen one! :D.
game-hours: 1108.9
review: Very very good game
game-hours: 917.8
review: Awesome game, tons of tactical fun. Takes a bit of getting used to, but the reward far outweighs the time you need to learn the ropes.
game-hours: 345.2
review: Good game would buy again
game-hours: 368.4
review: nice
game-hours: 268.6
review: this is a good potato
game-hours: 830.0
review: One of the most fun and most frustrating games if you dont pay attention! :)
game-hours: 424.8
review: Fo rizzle I recommend this, yo.
game-hours: 1504.2
review: It's a valve game, how can you not like it? Nice First Person Shooter that has everything balanced down to the core. This is basically an upgraded version of Counter Strike: Source.
game-hours: 947.2
review: When it comes down to it, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive may follow the same old formula of gameplay seen in previous versions of Counter-Strike, but it's still a well-rounded tactical shooter. It may not try anything drastically different or revolutionize the series by taking it in a new direction, but there's still enough there to appeal to newbies and hardcore fans alike.
game-hours: 2592.7
review: The BEST GAME EVER!!!
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.6
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2869.2
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 202.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 766.7
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 527.3
review: 12/10 - IGN "It's alright"
game-hours: 1026.4
review: Get banned every week for a week, 10/10.
game-hours: 2414.4
review: CS:GO is probably one of the best games on steam right now. Great community, fast gameplay and a guaranteed good time!
game-hours: 590.5
review: i play solo queue queued with russians against 5 man team losing 10-0 two abandon team doesnt surrender waste 40 min repeat 10/10 ign
game-hours: 634.0
review: it was pretty butts tbh
game-hours: 823.9
review: Best game EVER
game-hours: 1023.6
review: 10/10 virtual knives more expensive than it's irl counterparts gg no re
game-hours: 444.8
review: Just Awesome!
game-hours: 1141.3
review: When i bought this game in early 2013 i didnt think it would become into on eof the most biggest eSport games of 2014/2015. At first i wasnt that keen on the game, everything was unbalanced and it was so weird and bad compered to 1.6 and Source, then when Valve decided to put some efort into polishing this game it turned out to be one (if not the best) game that they made. Everyone on Steam needs to have this masterpiece of a game. 10/10
game-hours: 48.7
review: Recently got hooked on this game and it is fanastic. Been playing a lot recently. Casual is blatantly not very fun. Arms race can have its moments however. The real fun in the game is found through competitive. You work your way through various skill groups and earn cool weapon camo's that have the potential to go for upwards of $100 USD on the market. Great game, highly recommended.
game-hours: 2947.5
review: The best gambling simulator I have ever played. Lost hundreds. 10/10
game-hours: 1515.1
review: Sterben.
game-hours: 895.5
review: Best chicken simulator EVER!!!! \m/
game-hours: 269.5
review: Good Game EVER
game-hours: 959.9
review: :>
game-hours: 679.5
review: not many hat, but is good. head shots cool.
game-hours: 1132.2
review: Good game
game-hours: 779.3
review: Since I have a tie and have a masters in Keyboard warrioring (game design) this is a well ballenced and competitive game. From my over 600 hours of record at the game I have still not learned a single thing but I still keep on coming back. I am currently I SILVER 2 and LOVE THE PLAYERBASE, every game I either get kicked for teamm8s afking in my fire or walking into my nades. Atleast in CALL OF DUTY BLOPS 5423525425525435 there is no competitive enviorment because all they care about is $15 DLC for crap maps. This game is amazing Remember kids EZ skins EZ life You can guess if your teamm8s are good at the game just by looking at their names EG xXquickscopezXx is B4D while GlobalElieteMeister is probably a SILVER 1 and is going to wrek you Overall I stil am typing random crap anyways just got qued up for a league game so my verdict is 9.9/10 -Bryan Porter Diamond I ADC
game-hours: 703.1
review: Counter Strike, if you haven't played it, you should. the competitive playstyle of the game makes it that much better than any other First Person Shooter I've played. This game requires a lot of strategizing during competitive gameplay, or "ranked" as I deem it. You really have to pay attention to th little things, where your crew is, if you hear footsteps or placing your shots directley on the head. Personally, I think this was one of the best if not best purchase I've made on steam.
game-hours: 682.8
review: has chickens 11/10
game-hours: 345.1
review: To many ing Trolls that kick you when your in competitive for no reason and then you get a 7day cooldown from playing competitive. GG Valve your  for making that. Plis Go commit Seppuku.
game-hours: 215.0
review: this game is more pain that pleasure. buy it if you're into that kinda stuff.
game-hours: 223.7
review: GG no refund
game-hours: 601.6
review: post2short.
game-hours: 864.2
review: Amazing game but the community of players is one of the worst in any game .......
game-hours: 1707.4
review: Probobly the best FPS for the price that its at, if you are second guessing this game, grab it. Great game. Great Price. 9/10
game-hours: 322.4
review: One day while playing comp. Internet crashes for 1 second And comes back and can't connect back to the server 7 day ban. 7 days later Plays a game with full russian team Gets kicked 7 Day ban. Great 7 day wait Simulator.
game-hours: 816.9
review: - Awful community - Overpriced weapons - Priced weapons - Scammers - Idiots - Trolls - Awful Physics - No nights vision - No Spray tag - People who can't text a single sentence in english without sounding  - Hackers - Kids - No regeneration - Awful gun physics - Awful drop system - Awful rank system - Addicting ( just look at my hours... ) - Overrated + Good way to make money ( loads ) + Good way to make friends + Good way to learn to work as a team + Good way to learn Russian My rating ? 4.3/10 Bad
game-hours: 1590.1
review: Counter-Strike is the video game equivalent to meth
game-hours: 457.0
review: I have never been so fustrated yet so satisfied in my life. 10/10
game-hours: 930.7
review: jebacka igrica, samo sa najvece jebace igrice
game-hours: 497.5
review: pretty good
game-hours: 185.8
review: if you want cancer, this is your game
game-hours: 499.0
review: I spent 89 on a skin... GG Steam.
game-hours: 1844.9
review: This is good game
game-hours: 143.0
review: If I submit a good review, do I get a knife?
game-hours: 875.5
review: 1.6 players it's time to move on.
game-hours: 483.4
review: its ok.
game-hours: 1590.5
review: Awesome =)
game-hours: 1575.1
review: :)
game-hours: 131.9
review: Taught me how to gamble 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 56.1
review: I was in a 1v5 situtation and we were the CT's. I headshot a guy with my m4a4 and then went over to his body and picked up his AK47. I then went down a staircase to find a guy staring down at me. I shot him down quickly whilst also seeing another guy coming. I backed off and let him rush out, then killed him. By then, the bomb had been planted. I went to A bombsite and saw an AWPer so I killed him before he could 1 shot me. The last guy was camping next to the bomb with a P90, so I picked up the guy's AWP and saw a small bit of his head peeking out. Bam. He's dead. I quickly ran with my knife to the bomb and defused it...well most of it anyway. We lost because I was a second too late and the bomb exploded. 11/10 would play again
game-hours: 979.9
review: ...now with more Cykas and Blyats than ever before.
game-hours: 853.8
review: Want a game that says  YOU CALL OF DUTY but still has that call fo duty feel with the mix of realism well guess what we I reccomend you!!! This game is a fps with great graphics a good community besides the accasional troll and the lil kid trolls even though the kids can be funny sometimes everyone here is really nice and the game is a great en game i like this game with ALL MY KILLING INSTENCTS IN MY BODY i give this game a 8/10 because of the fact that this game can be glitchy during new updates but they are relitivly easy to fix and then the other point is for the trolls you get in this game th game itself is amaing but you do get the trolls like any other game but besides that GET THE DAMN GAME!!!!!
game-hours: 670.7
review: Sweg
game-hours: 443.1
review: you shoot people 10/10 edit: music kits ruined it 0/10 edit: op vanguard 11/10
game-hours: 459.7
review: Get it, or you are a downy.
game-hours: 1590.5
review: Awesome =)
game-hours: 483.6
review: Best Game Ever!!!!! :D
game-hours: 1012.3
review: Amazing game! Really enjoy the concept and the matchmaking. The Counter Strike series has been truly quite amazing keep it up!
game-hours: 315.1
review: Got kicked for having 6 hours on CS:GO on a casual server. 11/10
game-hours: 142.7
review: This is a game where starting off as CT means you win. 10/10
game-hours: 78.5
review: This is, the greates MFPS i ever played. buy it now
game-hours: 689.6
review: ruin my life
game-hours: 548.0
review: i reccomend all people to get this game, it is amazing!!!
game-hours: 510.0
review: You shoot guns and bullets come out and sometimes the guns are really expensive like more than $30 and they look really nice. Sometimes you plant the bomb and it blows up but sometimes it doesn't blow up.
game-hours: 366.1
review: This game is realy awesome I would recommend it to everyone that liked previous counter strike series my rate from 0-10 would be 8.9 :D
game-hours: 467.3
review: I would definitely recommend this game if you want a fast and exciting game which is easy to learn but hard to be mastered.
game-hours: 441.7
review: yes
game-hours: 1439.6
review: Best game ever made to play competetive with your friends.
game-hours: 309.7
review: THIS GAME IS: 10% luck 20% SKILL 15% CONCENTRATED POWER OF WILL 5% PLEASURE 50% PAIN AND 100% REASON TO PURCHASE THE GAME.
game-hours: 48.0
review: buy it ... amazing game
game-hours: 674.0
review: Awesome game, 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 733.3
review: 100% Livesteal I played CS 1.6 since 2004 and 10 years later CSGO was the most awesome game for me :D
game-hours: 227.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 1035.1
review: Such Counter Very Strike 10/10 m8
game-hours: 1118.5
review: where virtual knifes cost more than real ones...
game-hours: 776.2
review: YOU CAN POTENTIALLY MAKE THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS THROUGH THIS GAME. YOU CAN ALSO LOSE THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS BY OPENING CASES. I SOLD MY CAR FOR A KARAMBIT KNIFE. WORTH IT. 11/10
game-hours: 565.3
review: ok eyi oyundur ha !
game-hours: 1901.1
review: Very great game and can be handled by even an under-budget pc on high settings, fun for all and the best part about the game is competitive play, you have ranks which improve as you improve, so you get ranked with the people from your skill level, and as your skill level improves, you improve your rank as well so you get higher ranked people as enemies and teammates. It's very cheap aswell and you can even make money with the game itself from the drops that you get after a game. It's not much but the game is very big and also has it's own community servers, has ongoing support from the creators and gets updated around every month with new skins for guns. There is no in game purchaseable content (except for the operation challenge coins) which give you an advantage over other people. Very fun game and I greatly recommend it!
game-hours: 1867.8
review: BEST GAME
game-hours: 962.8
review: aef
game-hours: 64.6
review: This game is a skill game unlike Call of duty and Battlefiled. You have no iron sights,so you have to know how to shot your weapons. If you have played Counter Strike-Source or other CS games,then this is the game for you. This game is not noob friendly. It requires you to work as a team. It is not a 'rush in and kill everyone yourself" game. You have to be careful as if it was a real life moment. How ever it is still a fun game. If you have the nerve you can still learn to play and be as good as everyone else. I hope this helps you. Becuase it would have helped me.
game-hours: 262.5
review: Counter-Strike Global Offensive is actually really good, not like 1.6 or source, but still fun, If you're going to buy this game I recommend you to play with bots for some days because you will find pro players everytime, and aiming is hard too. Oh yeah the only thing I think it sucks in this game is that no sprays. 7.5/10
game-hours: 108.1
review: Good game. Awesome!!! =D
game-hours: 303.7
review: don't buy ruins lives
game-hours: 781.7
review: like a bossss game!!!! Should buy it, but need to pay a lot for awesome skins Still worth my $14.99
game-hours: 94.9
review: The best FPS out there fun, full of action. BOOM HeadsShot!!!
game-hours: 1477.0
review: Yes!
game-hours: 724.7
review: FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN...... its a fun game
game-hours: 54.5
review: I shot a guy in the  7 times and stabbed him in the  and teabagged him, this is how our freedom is gained.
game-hours: 60.8
review: i hate this game 10/10 best ever
game-hours: 462.1
review: I have to do this review for a badge... Don't judge me.
game-hours: 876.3
review: Very solid platform for learning basics of Russian and Polish languages, as well as the worst traits of human kind. Enjoy
game-hours: 472.1
review: If you have friends, this is a great game to play with them. If you don't have any friends, this is a great game to play alone. If you don't have the game to play, get the money for it. If you don't have the money for it, get a job. If you don't have a job, rob the bank. If you get arrested robbing the bank, at least you tried.
game-hours: 124.8
review: This game makes me feel wholly inadequate about my hand-eye coordination yet I'm instantly compelled to deride the intelligence of anyone who manages to kill me. Obviously a healthy combo.
game-hours: 156.8
review: I shoot people. Sometimes they shoot back and kill me. I have no good skins. 10/10
game-hours: 18.9
review: OOH YEAH, DO VR MISSION, BECOME REAL GOOD SOLDIER IRL, GET BABES. But really, probably the most fun I've had with friends in an FPS since Team Fortress 2.
game-hours: 894.5
review: Great Game. If you know how to actually use tactics. Hope you haven't played COD before you played this. You will have a slight problem
game-hours: 1292.0
review: Awsome upgrade for the most amaizing game ever made ! =)
game-hours: 365.4
review: Best Game N/A
game-hours: 510.2
review: I loike it
game-hours: 365.1
review: would definately recommend, dankkush/10, this aint no skunk  - real. lean to jump real far and smoke up in key positions, if thats not for you just kill arabs in the name of america (btw if you are arab you can also kill americans)
game-hours: 1383.5
review: Spend alot of time aquiring skins or failing miserably at competitive. 420/666 would buy a happy meal for gaben.
game-hours: 640.5
review: ing awesome game. Even on a low end laptop I am able to get around 30 FPS stable. Reccomend to anyone looking for a great fps that requires a great amount of skill.
game-hours: 1081.1
review: this gaem is grate
game-hours: 816.7
review: One of the best games of all time.
game-hours: 338.7
review: Really enjoyable especially with the drop system and competitive matchmaking.
game-hours: 174.3
review: Counter Strike: Global Offensive, what a game. In my opinion MONEY WELL WORTH SPENT! Every penny you invest in this game is worth it. You must have the teamwork/coop skills as in Battlefield.. And the small map skills as in Call of Duty.. Yet there is multiple things we must have forgot! ~Your OWN skill matchmaking ~SKINS!!!!! ~A wide variety of REAL weapons still being used today ~Automatic communications ~Team chat ~Medals/Achievments/Badges to collect and earn ~A fancy skill level to show the world you are awesome ~You can make your own skins for a PROFIT ~Realistic gameplay such as weapon recoil, damage, and graphics This game also works very smoothly with just about every computer. 10/10 no if, ands, or buts. ~Mr. J
game-hours: 1149.6
review: Veeryy GGooDD game
game-hours: 1453.7
review: Duh very guud game 4 the gangstur boi
game-hours: 1603.6
review: 10/10 should try !
game-hours: 148.1
review: Nice game, fun to play.
game-hours: 219.7
review: the only game i play
game-hours: 1740.3
review: Najjaca igra na svetu!
game-hours: 373.2
review: Love it!
game-hours: 769.6
review: It's a good game! :D
game-hours: 259.6
review: Better than the old ones (with the exception of 1.6)
game-hours: 190.6
review: It is quite a change. CS:GO is clearly not the same game as CSS or 1.6. Weapons feel more realistic, and the gameplay feels a lot stiffer than CSS. There are new weapons and introduces very different aspects to the already famous game. This time around it really feels like a professionals game. Nontheless, CS:GO is very fun, and if you're a fan of the Counter-Strike series, i think you'll enjoy this too. You just have to get used to the new mechanics. It's not the best of the lot, but Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a welcome change to the CS community.
game-hours: 597.8
review: If you shoot and kill someone, he doesn't die for real. I killed some guys few times in a row. Thats good, you should try it.
game-hours: 1152.6
review: This is the best game ever plz subscribe
game-hours: 570.1
review: csgo one of the best game....:)
game-hours: 2391.5
review: If you're expecting source or 1.6 its not here, this game if a full on overhaul of the old ones which off sets the veteran players from getting it with its new recoil paterns, movenment, guns(Pro90) ect...But everything else of the old games is still there but with a more satisfying feel that still requires alot of skill to get which also adds to its charm. 8/10 its good,fun, still got the mods, and its more pub friendly
game-hours: 2609.4
review: come get ript
game-hours: 1583.9
review: ...
game-hours: 1461.2
review: the best game
game-hours: 916.4
review: Most passive fps ever... god its terrible. A+
game-hours: 1091.1
review: Probably the best Counter-Strike at the moment. It just keeps getting more features : competitive mode, matchmaking, skins for guns to raise funds for CS league, video and highlights from all your past matches, watch live games, better hostages mode, gun game mode includes. However, they just keep adding stuff without fixing all the issues and bugs from past updates. This games is unplayable for some people over the Internet but great in LAN. The gun skins update brought lower fps to the game, going down by 80 to 120 fps.
game-hours: 644.5
review: great game all around and CoD is bad
game-hours: 95.0
review: Must Play Game :D :D
game-hours: 409.5
review: I was going to write a serious review, but then the page refreshed on its own, so it all got deleted. "9/11 - Would fly again."
game-hours: 1159.5
review: ing awesome game :o
game-hours: 416.0
review: i payed a lot for this game and its worth it
game-hours: 1274.9
review: Best game i ever played! :) Best FPS game. -Go pro EZPZ
game-hours: 297.0
review: There are good russians in this game, ok? MM system needs to be fixed. VAC system is really awful in here. I got Bravo Case drop and get .10 cents berettas from it. Also smurfs.
game-hours: 272.6
review: good game
game-hours: 423.5
review: Once of the best competitive shooter games ever made. Highly recommend to anyone who likes any kind of competitive shooter. Everything about this game is spot on and has been on sale for great prices.
game-hours: 57.2
review: 10/10 Better than Russian lessons.
game-hours: 444.2
review: Wow. This game is great. At first, you will get your  handed to you like a scrub. Unless you played Counter Strike and Counter Strike Source. In which case, you should be fine. This game can only be played well, with good internet. And you need to not rage. Trust me, its hard not to, but its way more fun to have fun. (Makes sense, right? XD) Anyways, this game is a money grabber, and can bag you dollars as well. With the case system, your chances of getting rare weapons are slim, but when you do get one, you feel amazing. (Espically that damn Butterfly Knife) I extremely recommend this game to anyone looking for an FPS. Even COD players could play this game. Granted that they know the game controls. And don't ask, "How does one aim down sights." Because you can't. Never. Bottom-line Good game. Buy it.
game-hours: 799.3
review: Nude chickens. 10/10
game-hours: 582.5
review: Counter-Strike: Angry Russians and Screaming American kids.
game-hours: 653.2
review: Muito bom...se voce treinar voce pode ficar muito bom 9.5/10
game-hours: 1100.4
review: Great game, I love it. Best FPS yet.
game-hours: 862.6
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosing and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 So addictive btw :D
game-hours: 108.4
review: I watched a man waste 50+ dollars on crates and keys only to get nothing over a purple skin. I then watched a man buy the gaem, and three hours later, unbox an M9 Bayonet-Slaughter. This game steals money, souls, and your life force. 7/10 it's alright
game-hours: 802.4
review: Hraje to Bobrys, proto je to fajn!
game-hours: 794.6
review: Fun game to play with friends. :)
game-hours: 91.3
review: I joined a game got killed by smurfs then i was told that i was complete  at this game so i spent some money on some keys to get rid of my anger i ended up spending 300$ and got 1 red skin which i sold for more keys to open more cases but of course i got  all and then got a 7 day ban cause my cs go crashed when i tabbed back in 10/10
game-hours: 1380.8
review: poorly made good game lmao
game-hours: 910.6
review: Great game, classic shooter. Really strays from the "Modern Millitary Shooters" we have today. The community has a large ammount of veteran players that are often rude but the game has to go down in history as one of the greatest first person shooters of all time due to it's attention to detail. Where the bullet lands is an important role in this game and just because you get the jump on someone does not mean you're coming out alive.
game-hours: 5.2
review: It is an okay game and could be lots of fun, but the real problem is the haters of noob's. If you are new to the game most are just haters and not friendly. This game takes time to learn to play and most are not willing to teach you, much the same as in Dota 2. If you are lucky to find someone willing to teach you then the haters harass them also and want to know why you are doing it. Sorry but this is true and if you are one one the haters remember you where once new to the game, and not all learn at the same rate. Try to be more kind to your fellow gamer and help them out.
game-hours: 560.0
review: If you're someone who enjoys fast paced, precision shooters, than you will love this game.
game-hours: 1477.2
review: Counter-Strike: Cheater Offensive
game-hours: 151.3
review: THIS GAME IS 10% LUCK 20% SKILL 15% CONCENTRATED POWER OF WILL 5% PLEASURE 50% PAIN AND 100% REASON TO PURCHASE THIS GAME 5/5
game-hours: 895.3
review: I like this game but tbh I'm just making this review for the badge xD
game-hours: 708.5
review: Upvote this review for a free karambit fade! Also if you do not have the game upvote and buy then you will automatically have a karambit fade!
game-hours: 313.4
review: Best game. I play it every day.
game-hours: 1462.8
review: This game is absolutely spotless. I recommend it.
game-hours: 209.9
review: I ing hate this game. No other game has provided me with the upmost anger and irritation than this piece of . Alas I keep coming back for more due to some sick, masochistic spell this game casts over all who dare venture into its depths.
game-hours: 846.4
review: While getting into this game can be kinda hard since it's not your average noskill shooter. The moment you get the basics this game become extreme fun. You rely in your teammates more than you would think and communication is key. I would buy this game if you like teamwork and you like games that require skill to play. Or you can just buy a p90, rush, and enjoy silver rank.
game-hours: 660.5
review: Very competetive, love this game a lot. Although sometimes it's rage inducing. Still, for a game like this, I'd definitly pay for it! Recommended
game-hours: 264.7
review: Game awesome as hell guyse.
game-hours: 316.8
review: This game is good. I have learned over 1,000 Russian words more than I would ever learn in school. This game teaches you that buying $200+ knives is cool. It teaches you that team work and calling someone a "ing " for missing a shot. It teaches you that it is okay to invest thousand's of dollars into a game worth $15. Overall, this game teaches you many things. 10/10 would let my future children play.
game-hours: 930.4
review: Why i can't rank up: Russians Teamkillers Squeakers Trolls Hackers (from the other team) Internet problems 4,20/10 Best geim,worth buying :)
game-hours: 1321.6
review: Nothing compares to CS 1.6, But this game is almost good
game-hours: 778.2
review: THIS GAME IS MOTHER #### AWESOME <3
game-hours: 244.6
review: This game is great if you can get past the smurfers and hackers.
game-hours: 402.5
review: Counter - Strike : Global - Offensive, where do i start? First of all: The maps look pretty nice! The gameplay seems pretty realistic! I recommend this game, because of the play style and the amount of fun you can have with friends. You can play a Casual game, where you can pracise your every move. Or you could go on a community server and fool around. Or if you have more competitive tastes you can play competitive games against other people. What ever it is you do, if you want a legit game with actual aiming and strategic gameplay and that you want a fully fleshed out game, then this is the game for you. A must get, action packed game. P.S Played a game with all Russians on my team Won 16-0 Best game evar
game-hours: 315.0
review: amazing game
game-hours: 736.2
review: its ok
game-hours: 44.9
review: Gr8
game-hours: 766.2
review: So GOOOOOOD 5/5
game-hours: 1721.6
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 1180.2
review: If you're interested in shooters definetly buy this game. Extremely cheap and long lasting content. My current favourite and sick support from Steam's side. I'd recommend it!
game-hours: 927.3
review: Its an awesome game untill you play with Russians and other ppl that can speek english or dont even have a mic...But its a good game :3
game-hours: 510.3
review: rosetta stone pffft naaa rather use CS:GO To Learn Russian
game-hours: 1243.0
review: ggwp
game-hours: 90.1
review: the haters. A necessary update to an excellent tactical shooter.
game-hours: 200.0
review: Despite being one of the most unrealistic FPS ever made, it's still addictive (and hard). 9/10
game-hours: 279.4
review: Gets real intense. My heart can't take it. I died like six times while playing this, in real life. I'm a sixfold ghost now, real spooky. Anyways buy this game and play it because you can get red and black guns that are almost as cool as an oc of the same colour.
game-hours: 760.7
review: Another addition to the Counter Strike franchise. Been playing this game for 10 years plus, and still am finding new ways to do things each and every day. The community might be daunting and condescending at times but once you persevere through it and start working towards your end goal (whichever that might be), this game will bring HOURS of enjoyment.
game-hours: 2032.4
review: GG. Much fun
game-hours: 1839.5
review: Absolutely the best competitive FPS-game right now. Probably the best ever. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 68.4
review: Shot someone, enjoyed it. Would shoot again.
game-hours: 59.5
review: Pretty impressed at the fact that Valve improved the graphics quite a lot and added a few more game modes like arms race etc. which does make it a bit COD-ish but still the simplicity of the Counter-Strike series was maintained. Although many new maps were added, we still notice the classic maps like Dust, Dust2, Aztec etc. It's not a very fast paced fps like COD or BF yet it's very enjoyable to play.
game-hours: 1249.3
review: Competitive game with great community. Addicting, fun and sporty. Don't play after a sale though, lots of hackers are coming! There are more modes of gameplay. There's Arms Race (which is basically gun game for those who have played previous CS titles), Deathmatch, Classic Casual, Classic Competitive. Classic is in my opinion the best to spend time on and once you feel ready you can hop on a competitive with your friends. Don't worry if none are available, the matchmaking system will match you with adversaries and teammates with matching skill. Improve your skill and more important: Have Fun! Who knows, maybe you'll be the one to beat the Champions.
game-hours: 1222.6
review: Is a grate game guys;)
game-hours: 323.9
review: Would smoke mid again 10/10
game-hours: 245.5
review: This review is pointless.. But you see I thumbs up. So you and I know this game is... GOOD AF.
game-hours: 545.3
review: Left battlefield 4 for this epic online fps :P
game-hours: 365.1
review: would definately recommend, dankkush/10, this aint no skunk  - real. lean to jump real far and smoke up in key positions, if thats not for you just kill arabs in the name of america (btw if you are arab you can also kill americans)
game-hours: 1383.5
review: Spend alot of time aquiring skins or failing miserably at competitive. 420/666 would buy a happy meal for gaben.
game-hours: 640.5
review: ing awesome game. Even on a low end laptop I am able to get around 30 FPS stable. Reccomend to anyone looking for a great fps that requires a great amount of skill.
game-hours: 1081.1
review: this gaem is grate
game-hours: 816.7
review: One of the best games of all time.
game-hours: 256.6
review: 8/10
game-hours: 990.0
review: Awesome game, amazing graphic, perfect gameplay...
game-hours: 1004.0
review: One of my favorites.
game-hours: 277.6
review: This is the best 1st person shooter game.
game-hours: 1290.8
review: The best CS game !
game-hours: 250.1
review: 5/5
game-hours: 1049.6
review: One of the funnest/most addicting multiplayer games out there today. This is easily one of the best games I have ever played. With that being said, it does have its flaws. For starters the community is one of the worst in the video game industry. Constant arguments, insults, sarcastic, and obnoxious people littered all over CS:GO. Competitive is taken very seriously and you better hope you have a good team, or else it wont be a fun experience. Be prepared to get randomly kicked in games sometimes, and insulted for no reason. Besides some technical flaws, and the community, once again, CS:GO is one of the funnest games on the market to date. (10/10) -CM
game-hours: 994.6
review: The game where you kill chickens instead of killing your enemies. Chicken/10
game-hours: 441.2
review: Gtt spel. nr man lr sig hur spelet funkar s ger det :) 9/10 kp spelet ni kommer inte att ngra er :P
game-hours: 1380.2
review: noice.
game-hours: 532.1
review: ,  ..
game-hours: 134.5
review: Its official I am hooked. Burned over 5 hours straight playing this game after purchase. I was a little hesitant in getting it and asked a few Steam friends about it and they said it was very good. I like the new graphical updates to source, it looks great and runs smooth. Sound and music are well done also. I like the stat and achievement tracking feature it has. I also like the fact that it has bot support for when I do not feel like dealing with whiny 10 year old punk kids. I enjoyed checking the new maps and gameplay options out, they are a lot of fun & challenging. CS:GO is a great addition to the franchise. I highly recommend picking this up for the low price tag it is being offered for. I look forward to all the new content that Valve has in store for CS:GO as well. That is the great thing about CS is its mod support and added content that unlike Battlefield and COD you seem to have to pay for or its no as user friendly for mods. Recommended
game-hours: 135.4
review: Like the mafia, once in never get out 11/10 -IGN
game-hours: 865.4
review: best fps game of all time
game-hours: 180.5
review: buy it! ;-;
game-hours: 611.1
review: yigfguhfguh[hfuuhfufgffgdgfhgfuigfguifuifuhgfguhguhfguf hgfdihgidfuhgfifuirrurduguiregeuigrureiguiuiergruirgerheguhwshfdshwsrf89wef8e8fe8fef8eh8ew9ef8rre8rerewr8wrwrwerrwerwerwereererwrrwe Good game.
game-hours: 219.6
review: Yolo
game-hours: 1637.5
review: This game is a great game that has a great compitive aspect to it and a great ranking system that is hard to progress in but once you do it feels nice I really like this game and would recomind it to anyone that has a compitive side
game-hours: 469.0
review: They say it only costs $14.99, but it will take alot more than just that from your wallet and your family.
game-hours: 2506.0
review: Such a brilliant competitive FPS game, so much more depth than meets the eye. Favourite game, go buy it already.
game-hours: 366.9
review: 10/10 would play again. :D
game-hours: 610.3
review: Great way to learn russian
game-hours: 861.7
review: Ever since experiencing the release of the Half-Life I have supported Valve in full respect and purchased nearly all of the games they have released. Much creative freedom is allotted to any gaming community when a game's engine and development tools are released/updated for public use, as we can all agree on. It is extremely rare & valuable when a such development company finds more ways to reward its fanbase and community. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is an excellent multi-player shooter that offers the most to its players than any other game on Steam. The competitive matches are extremely addictive, challenging and fun to play with a regular set of friends or teammates. A built-in video recorder allows you to watch/download your matches. Among other exciting elements are various live streams, competitive leagues and the community workshop. But what specifically highlights this game from the rest is the Marketplace. Being able to sell my unwanted guns/cases/rewards for Steam Wallet cash allows me purchase new games without spending much, if not anything. A MUST OWN! 10/10
game-hours: 353.1
review: eaziest game i've ever played, use dual berettas if u wanna get global elite
game-hours: 525.7
review: Its cool......I guess go buy it or something
game-hours: 1105.9
review: a good game just this mode competitive makes me crazy i want to play more and more sometimes i have ragequit but its ok, there is a problem with matchmaking when you get noob players in your team but anyway this game is the best, best game !
game-hours: 802.1
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 465.4
review: Dunno Why I need to write a review. I came in this game from TF2 while trying to get competitive, and CS GO just has this. However, this is CS GO, Not CS 1.6, so don't use the deagle, there is no deagle round, THIS DOESN'T EXIST. definitly a fun game to challenge yourself, but don't forget it's a game. when you do, and rank is everything, it's just worthless.
game-hours: 1166.2
review: very good
game-hours: 1223.3
review: damage given: 99 in 1 hit good game
game-hours: 1667.3
review: "Buy lots of skins, they make you good" - orangeluke 2014 "If you can get a knife, they make you even better" - orangeluke 2014
game-hours: 128.5
review: Get shot in da leg, DIKED TING!
game-hours: 255.6
review: Hentai game.
game-hours: 478.2
review: ic a veri gud gm
game-hours: 118.8
review: ive had this game for less than a week and i play it every day it has a nice multiplayer fps feel and the random trolling makes it even better having a great communitave team is key to winning though.
game-hours: 325.6
review: This game never fails to give me suicidal tendencies great game
game-hours: 490.7
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 1012.6
review: very veeeeeeery addicting! a great game to buy!
game-hours: 1273.7
review: Very good, Much Wow
game-hours: 173.7
review: Fun to play with friends and to rek noobs :D
game-hours: 335.1
review: Wanna learn some russian? Simple. Play this game and you will speak fluent russian!
game-hours: 61.5
review: This CS is awesome!CS 1.6 is full of cheaters,CSS is good but CS GO is AWESOME!!!
game-hours: 261.3
review: buy this in game m8 if you wanna 360-awp-noscope-prostrats-smoke-dank-weed-everyday-420-one-shot-deagle someone and become leet. 11/10 would bang again
game-hours: 239.4
review: cs is love cs is life
game-hours: 1080.1
review: this game suck big time baning system is a ing pease of  kicked one person and got 7 days ban
game-hours: 47.9
review: Very glitchy on launch, won't let me play due to exessive crashes, It won't let me play and worst of all my friend gifted the game to me, and it says i have to re purchase to play after a few hours of gaming overall it's a waste of money
game-hours: 2493.1
review: super game
game-hours: 282.7
review: lots of fun. make sure you have a mic and about a half hour. then join a competitve match. After so practice, make a 5 man team and use skype to voice chat. its really a lot of fun even if your not that good like me. All trhe same maps you love from before, and if you never played counterstrike before... just watch a youtube. It is a round based game. The game also runs well on any pc so no need to think your PC can't handle it. uses source.
game-hours: 71.8
review: Rage Simulator.
game-hours: 1978.6
review: Really awesum game <3
game-hours: 626.2
review: 10/10 it's ok
game-hours: 103.2
review: theres a terrorist in this gaem
game-hours: 1238.1
review: Nice
game-hours: 273.4
review: Amazing game.
game-hours: 1152.8
review: The Best Game I have ever played. Nuff said
game-hours: 240.4
review: This strategic team-based first person shooter brings back the classic elements of an old-school arena shooter, but with a strategic, almost MOBA style map design. A very refreshing shooter in a genre dominated by arcade shooters that don't require any level of skill. Well crafted with beautiful maps and solid mechanics, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is the only game that deserves to follow it's predecessors. If you buy this gem, beware: you WILL lose days of your life to this masterpiece of a multiplayer first person shooter. The only serious issue I had with this game is almost bad enough to turn me off of every valve game: the soldiers wear very bland shoes. How difficult would It be to give the soldiers some colourful shoes, with pointy tips of maybe springs in the heels. why would the developers not take into consideration the fact that players spends so much time looking at their feet, that perhaps, just maybe they would want to see something other than generic, boring, quite frankly lame shoes on the feet of their character. Step it up, Valve! This game is a solid 8/10, as it still lacks tactically more entertaining footwear
game-hours: 162.4
review: This game shows how much fun simplicity can be. Worth your 15 bucks for sure.
game-hours: 307.6
review: BEST GAM EEVRRRR
game-hours: 99.4
review: a lot of fun but the dark areas are quite dark and the light areas are quite light
game-hours: 351.6
review: Excellent game just excellent
game-hours: 263.3
review: PLAY THIS GAME !!!!!
game-hours: 197.5
review: Very good game
game-hours: 314.6
review: Great Game! Buy it!
game-hours: 107.4
review: Such guns. Much violence. Is good game
game-hours: 742.4
review: Nice work !
game-hours: 813.6
review: Realy awesome game ^.^
game-hours: 947.2
review: When it comes down to it, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive may follow the same old formula of gameplay seen in previous versions of Counter-Strike, but it's still a well-rounded tactical shooter. It may not try anything drastically different or revolutionize the series by taking it in a new direction, but there's still enough there to appeal to newbies and hardcore fans alike.
game-hours: 2592.7
review: The BEST GAME EVER!!!
game-hours: 397.0
review: Best Tactical Shooter Ever 10/10.
game-hours: 95.5
review: Good.
game-hours: 1083.1
review: lol great frags
game-hours: 297.7
review: nyc game man awesome
game-hours: 55.7
review: Nova.
game-hours: 228.6
review: This game is Awesome, i love the maps and the graphics Best PC shooter yet and it is also very cheap as u can see
game-hours: 54.3
review: is quite a good game, same as Counter Strike : Source but batter. :)
game-hours: 107.6
review: good meme game
game-hours: 1151.9
review: Amazing game CSGO is godlike and it is my favorite game of all time
game-hours: 554.1
review: Nice Multi-Player Game :)
game-hours: 989.3
review: I lik dis!
game-hours: 906.1
review: NICE GAME I LOVE IT <333
game-hours: 558.6
review: Feels Like Good ol' Counter Strike made right but with new stuff
game-hours: 478.5
review: deranked this game sucks
game-hours: 3414.0
review: pretty good game aye
game-hours: 1288.8
review: This game is the best game i've ever played. I may have a slight skin addiction but that's not important. When i say slight I mean major. BEWARE OF THE SKINS. IT DOESN'T EVEN MATTER IF YOU'RE GOOD OR BAD AT THE GAME, ALL THAT MATTERS IS HOW YOUR WEAPONS LOOK. So with that 10/10 would go broke again
game-hours: 226.7
review: FREAKING AWSOME BROS! BUY, DOWNLOAD, RULE THE WORLD! For only 14.99 at ur nearby local steam store now.
game-hours: 1150.1
review: wished that valve match making servers would update the tick rate. other than that, really fun game.
game-hours: 650.1
review: Like Skyrim with terrorists. 10/10.
game-hours: 219.9
review: Best Game ever
game-hours: 1146.8
review: My Main Game , my Favou Game
game-hours: 185.8
review: if you want cancer, this is your game
game-hours: 499.0
review: I spent 89 on a skin... GG Steam.
game-hours: 1845.6
review: This is good game
game-hours: 143.0
review: If I submit a good review, do I get a knife?
game-hours: 875.5
review: 1.6 players it's time to move on.
game-hours: 484.1
review: its ok.
game-hours: 350.7
review: awesome game specially competitive mode. it need teamwork
game-hours: 649.0
review: It's kind of hard to actually recommend this game since it's so similar to Counter-Strike: Source. It really looks like an updated version of source with "high definition" graphics and some extras. Of the new things included are offline with bots, which is a nice touch and can be used to farm achievements. The bot's AI are very nice and the difficulty scales well, easy will be easy, hard will be hard. Everything regarding multiplayer is almost completely the same with workshop support. Nothing is really added at all in that area, though it has the feeling like Call of Duty, where people buy the product because they know multiplayer will be fun. There is also an added menu for choosing which game style you want (Deathmatch, Planting the Bomb, Arms Race, Competitive, etc). Gameplay mechanics are very similar to Source. Literally, they are the same. Same old ladder climbing, same old running and walking, same everything. It's basically an HD remake of Counter-Strike: Source on the Source engine. One other bonus is the twitch.tv support. I assume it has to do with tournament streaming, etc because competitive mode is a rather large thing. If you've never played a Counter-Strike game, I definitely recommend it. If you have, buying is "border-line". Would you buy Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 if you heard it was similar to Call of Duty: Black Ops? You get many people who upgrade for the hell of it and the others who decide to stick to the older game as they feel like the sequel is a waste of money. CS:GO is definitely the case of that. Of course, keep in mind that this is a much newer game and has updated Steam connectivity. Very, very easy to connect to your friends or join a random game for a quick round. Playing with a microphone is highly advised. Not to be played with a controller. Valve does not rub out players for money for DLCs or anything that makes this game "pay-to-win." Anything received in game could even be sold for a profit (real-life, that is). Obligatory score: 9/10
game-hours: 565.3
review: ok eyi oyundur ha !
game-hours: 1901.1
review: Very great game and can be handled by even an under-budget pc on high settings, fun for all and the best part about the game is competitive play, you have ranks which improve as you improve, so you get ranked with the people from your skill level, and as your skill level improves, you improve your rank as well so you get higher ranked people as enemies and teammates. It's very cheap aswell and you can even make money with the game itself from the drops that you get after a game. It's not much but the game is very big and also has it's own community servers, has ongoing support from the creators and gets updated around every month with new skins for guns. There is no in game purchaseable content (except for the operation challenge coins) which give you an advantage over other people. Very fun game and I greatly recommend it!
game-hours: 1018.8
review: cats meow
game-hours: 39.8
review: the game is awesome must buy it i recommend it
game-hours: 651.8
review: awesome game im in love with it i like everything about it nothing to dislike .
game-hours: 1360.8
review: grt gam many leik
game-hours: 476.0
review: NOICE! :D (Y)
game-hours: 269.2
review: It was the best, is the best, and will always be the best competitve, tactical shooter there is out there.
game-hours: 1101.7
review: Most addictive game on STEAM. Beats any other FPS out there. A must-buy.
game-hours: 823.9
review: Best game EVER
game-hours: 1023.6
review: 10/10 virtual knives more expensive than it's irl counterparts gg no re
game-hours: 444.8
review: Just Awesome!
game-hours: 1141.3
review: When i bought this game in early 2013 i didnt think it would become into on eof the most biggest eSport games of 2014/2015. At first i wasnt that keen on the game, everything was unbalanced and it was so weird and bad compered to 1.6 and Source, then when Valve decided to put some efort into polishing this game it turned out to be one (if not the best) game that they made. Everyone on Steam needs to have this masterpiece of a game. 10/10
game-hours: 48.7
review: Recently got hooked on this game and it is fanastic. Been playing a lot recently. Casual is blatantly not very fun. Arms race can have its moments however. The real fun in the game is found through competitive. You work your way through various skill groups and earn cool weapon camo's that have the potential to go for upwards of $100 USD on the market. Great game, highly recommended.
game-hours: 2947.5
review: The best gambling simulator I have ever played. Lost hundreds. 10/10
game-hours: 1515.9
review: Sterben.
game-hours: 895.5
review: Best chicken simulator EVER!!!! \m/
game-hours: 269.5
review: Good Game EVER
game-hours: 959.9
review: :>
game-hours: 679.5
review: not many hat, but is good. head shots cool.
game-hours: 1132.2
review: Good game
game-hours: 779.3
review: Since I have a tie and have a masters in Keyboard warrioring (game design) this is a well ballenced and competitive game. From my over 600 hours of record at the game I have still not learned a single thing but I still keep on coming back. I am currently I SILVER 2 and LOVE THE PLAYERBASE, every game I either get kicked for teamm8s afking in my fire or walking into my nades. Atleast in CALL OF DUTY BLOPS 5423525425525435 there is no competitive enviorment because all they care about is $15 DLC for crap maps. This game is amazing Remember kids EZ skins EZ life You can guess if your teamm8s are good at the game just by looking at their names EG xXquickscopezXx is B4D while GlobalElieteMeister is probably a SILVER 1 and is going to wrek you Overall I stil am typing random crap anyways just got qued up for a league game so my verdict is 9.9/10 -Bryan Porter Diamond I ADC
game-hours: 312.9
review: good
game-hours: 1348.3
review: Best game to have fun and RAGE all at the same time.
game-hours: 826.9
review: Great game ADDICTING
game-hours: 1988.2
review: got called a waller for 1v7 mp9 clutch on casual. 10/10 best community
game-hours: 1366.8
review: shoot
game-hours: 638.1
review: Holy crap, this game is fun. Great grafics, great gun play, a bit hard to start, but even harder to stop.
game-hours: 170.1
review: how the  do I aim!?!?!
game-hours: 632.4
review: The Best
game-hours: 175.8
review: Great game!
game-hours: 1045.6
review: Fun game, great to play with friends or solo to meet knew people!
game-hours: 414.9
review: for the sake of badges
game-hours: 512.0
review: best of best
game-hours: 1590.6
review: Fun game!!! :)
game-hours: 148.4
review: Great game.
game-hours: 235.6
review: Its a awesome game, I mean I love it! :)
game-hours: 1258.5
review: OH MAI GERD....I LOVE THE MAP DUST!
game-hours: 32.2
review: My crappy laptop can just handle the game. 46/12
game-hours: 61.4
review: If you thought CS:S was good, You'll die when you see this.
game-hours: 758.4
review: i git shot, then cri evry tim.
game-hours: 1224.6
review: fun stuff wish I played counter strike much earlier in my life. would recommend to dedicated players who are willing to take punishment and learn from it.
game-hours: 655.1
review: this game is absolutely fantastic. valve took all the loved aspects of the original game and added even more. now it's even easier to get into the game, all the things are noob friendly. you don't need to choose a map, CS:GO will pick your only loved Dust2 for you. aiming with ak47 is finally unnecessary as now it hits only in the head. if the game gets unbalanced, empty slots will be filled with easy bots that will help you to finally end this faster and start another match. playing with friends never was this easy. ask a friend to join you in the private lobby and enjoy searching for the match forever! or he can just join you as a spectator when you are in a game already with no availiable slots. finally CS:GO has a korean loot drop system, with a random drop rate. you can get a lovely skin to show off to your enemies or even a box, which you can open with a key bought in market for only 1.99$ to get extra vip luxury skin to show off to your enemies. again, the drop is random so it's unnecessary to win the game (please, explain this to everyone, so they could just run around and die, as they'll probably get their items no matter what, so why to struggle to have the best score?) also the game has a lovely feature to lag hard which allows you to run around but denies any damage dealt or taken which improves your surviving skills a lot. even more, DEATHMATCH mode! get your enemies spawned right behind you to double the fun! or just stand still and invulnerable waiting and aiming for the first one to come. if this is not enough for you, you can buy a ticket to an extra mode, because you just didn't spend enough money on the game itself and the skins for weapons you don't usually use. this game is brilliant. it has all the features an excellent FPS game should have. it's fun and not rage enducing at all. 10/10. buy it. then spend all of your mom's money on keys and boxes to be fabulous, only noobs play with basic skins.
game-hours: 637.0
review: The best shooter game there is
game-hours: 143.1
review: Amazing game in general :D
game-hours: 179.9
review: Best CS game ever.
game-hours: 426.3
review: Gud game c;
game-hours: 398.4
review: )) , , .     1.6,  Source,., ,  -.
game-hours: 2086.7
review: 11/10 (MyTeam (15) - (EnemyTeam (4) during comeptitive at the last second, my friend ran into my negev and i got kiked :>
game-hours: 1487.7
review: Excelente juego
game-hours: 2577.5
review: Certainly a game you have to stick at for a while to have any sort of fun with! More often than not I am frustrated by my inability to hit simple targets due to the way recoil works; for people like me it can be a brilliant game one moment and horrible the next. The player base in match making seems mostly comprised of people who's main aim in life is to tell you how much you suck at video games and generally treat you with contempt and unfriendliness, but if you play with friends and ignore the unpleasant mob, you can find a rewarding game, and even some genuinely friendly people who are there to help you improve or just have fun in bad situations. Before jumping into competitive, it's probably wise to familiarise yourself with the rules, as friendly fire and dodgy internet connections alike can result in temporary bans. The graphics are quite nice, some of the voice work is a bit weird to me, but often a source of hilarity.
game-hours: 1657.2
review: Pretty cool!
game-hours: 436.4
review: If you haven't got this game already then it is worth the buy. If you thought Counter Strike: Source was good, wait until you get your hands on this.
game-hours: 1471.1
review: best game
game-hours: 1151.1
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive (CS:GO) the newest addition to the Counter-Strike franchise supposedly takes the best from both its most famous predecessors, Counter-Strike 1.6 and Counter-Strike Source. I as a person who has played 1.6 for approximately 8 years cannot confirm that wholy, but I can at least say that the game is fun to play, with the biggest advantage it has over it's older brothers being the matchmaking. I would easily pay Valve $100 for 1.6 with the matchmaking from CS:GO. But that is not gonna happen so for the time being I just have to settle with what CS:GO offers. I might have sounded a little more negative than I wanted. The graphics are nice enough even though well aged Source engine, although with the newest tweaks, cannot compare with latest AAA production. Apart from new look you will find your all time favorites from previous Counter-Strike games, same goes for weapons and game mods. However there is not only an old content. You will find couple of new guns and what I appreciated most were new maps created by community and published in buy-able packs by Valve providing the creators with part of earnings. Later on the game suffered an attack of "dropable" content. Fortunately Valve did not step over cosmetic changes, so you can only spend your hard earned bucks on different weapons skins, at least for now.
game-hours: 589.7
review: this is a great game in many ways it is more accessible then the 1.6 version (which was already very accessible). but new players are able to learn how to play very fast and their enjoyment is greater then the one they would have had at the start of 1.6 or cs source. but on the other hand there is one little gripe i have and it is that i balive they made it to simmple, and when i say little i mean tiny, so the gripe is only personal i believe and it shouldn't effect your gameplay. enjoy the game :)
game-hours: 529.9
review: NIceone
game-hours: 362.4
review: Very good game
game-hours: 1408.1
review: Counter Strike Global Offensive has a perfect mix of Casual and Competetive Gaming. If you are just starting out on the game you can play modes such as deathmatch, demolition and arms race before jumping in to competetive. Competetive is the perfect way to prove yourself as a good player as you will be placed in to games based on your competetive rank which is good for new-comers to the game. I personally enjoy the competetive aspect of the game over casual although I have noticed a few faults with in the matchmaking system. Sometimes somebody who is a low level gold (such as myself) you are sometimes placed in to a game with the top level golds or sometimes even Master Guardians. This could be because the MG's are playing with their lower leveled friends or it may be the system trying to test your level for promotion. I would give this game a 8/10 and recommed it to anybody who hasn't tried it.
game-hours: 439.9
review: It's awesome!
game-hours: 1290.6
review: love it
game-hours: 1236.0
review: AWESOME, i love this game!
game-hours: 751.7
review: This game is great! When I first played it, it was in beta, and I thought it's a crap game. However after recently buying it, I noticed that it has changed a lot since beta, and I enjoy playing it. If someone likes CS:Source but has never tried CS:GO before, then I recommend buying this. I think it's a lot better than CS:Source ever was.
game-hours: 2029.8
review: dis god gam i spen $800 crat win man skens $20
game-hours: 534.8
review: verry good game for my weed time
game-hours: 633.3
review: If you're into first person shooters and hate games like COD and Halo, this is a good game to try out! Play with friends, create a team, and make money out of the deal!
game-hours: 82.3
review: IN MY OPINION THIS GAME ONE OF THE BEST GAMES TRY TO PLAY
game-hours: 2539.5
review: 10/10. Would waste my life again.
game-hours: 200.0
review: It's fast. It's fun. It's dominion.
game-hours: 796.2
review: Be Skilled or Get Killed !
game-hours: 520.3
review: Pros: -You get to defuse the bomb with your mind 5 meters away -The Bomb Code is always the same -You get a Mushroom Hat if you have a rank -You get to buy keys but you find out you bought the wrong one -No No-Cross Map No Scopes -No Cross Map Knives -You can kill people with Decoy Grenades Cons: -Valve+Hats=Weapon Skins=Cases=Keys=$2.49/Key=Half Life 3 Confirmed.
game-hours: 477.2
review: Real fun game hard to get into at frist but when u get into it u get into it Lots of fun with my friends and made alot more great game 10/10. Valve Give me a Knife :)
game-hours: 1059.2
review: i liek dis wan i shoot people
game-hours: 413.9
review: CS: GO Is life.
game-hours: 1696.8
review: I have Karambit Fate and you don't.
game-hours: 533.9
review: I like it. It has many new features!
game-hours: 115.7
review: I'm going to sum the game up quickly and get onto a more detailed review. Great game 10/10. All game mods are fun and most maps just as equally awesome. Weapons are (mostly) balanced and skins look great. Something a little more detailed. To make this more readable I'm going to put it into a "Award system": Pistols: Glock: Piss all damage Award. P250: Common Pistol Round Rtarter Award. CZ75: Handheld Recoil Simulator Award. Five-Seven: Armor Penetrator Award. Tec-9: Alternate Cookie Clicker Game Award. Desert Eagle: JUAN DEAAAG AAARRRIIBBBBAAA HACHACHA Award. Dual Berettas: Did I hit something? Award. USP-S: Don't Listen to P2000 Award. P2000: Pick me! Use me! Award. SMG's: Mac-10: Poor mans Mp7 Award. MP9: Paranoid Cousin of Mp7 Award. Mp7: Wants to be P90 Award. UMP-45: Rifle Pistol Crossbreed Award. P90: Bullet Hose Simulator Award. PP-Bizon: Yet another Bullet Hose Simulator. Rifle: Galil: Should Buy an AK Next Round Award. FAMAS: What Is This With Select Fire? Award. M4A1-S: No Recoil/Don't Un-silence Award. M4A4: Bigger but not better brother of the M4A1-S Award. SSG-08: Killsteal/Assist Simulator Award. AK-47: Recoil Memoriser Mini-game Award. SG 553: Doper Than Its Scope Award. AUG: As Dope As Its Scope Award. AWP: Deathmatch Ruiner Award. G3: Serving Up The Server Award. SCAR-20: If T's Were Stains, This Would Be Oxi-Clean Award. Heavy: Nova: What Do You Mean 20 Damage in 3 Hits From Close Range!? Award. XM1014: Deck The Halls With Buckshotted Bodies, Falalalal-a-alahaha Award. Sawn Off: Like Opening a Crate, You're Usually Not going To Get A Good Result Award. Mag-7 (Swag-7): Little Brother of XM1014 Award. M249: C'mon Guys, Use Me Once? Please? Award. Negev: Will Sell Kidneys for MOAR AMMO Award. Knife: Want me to look cool? That Will Be $70+ Award. Grenades: Decoy: Old and Unused Toys For Sale! Award. FlashBang: Kablam! Try To See Each Other Now! Award. HE: I'm supposed to be Lethal? Award. Smoke: Great for Walking Through Award. Molotov/Incendiary: I AM THE FIRE WIZARD! BOW DOWN BEFORE ME! Award. Gear: Kevlar Vest: Hope They Don't Go For Headshots Award. Zeus: 1 Hit Knife Award. Kevlar and Helmet: Helps a Bit Award. Defuse Kit: No kit, No Life Award. Bomb: GREATEST WAY TO SOLVE A DISPUTE Award. Great Game 10/10.
game-hours: 419.6
review: Yes, Good game.
game-hours: 593.8
review: dis gaim is liek pokemon but wif guns ok bye
game-hours: 24.3
review: No Na
game-hours: 998.3
review: REALLY good game you got here. How there's actually recoil and armour makes it so much more fun.... However, the summer sale of 2014 brought in so many wall and aim hackers. This ruins the game for everyone else playing it. So to put it in perspective "YA'LL JUST GOT HAXOORED
game-hours: 430.0
review: Oh, Counter strike the fps that won't  you over with Prems, and is actually responsive. Im actually having more fun in this than the years of playing 1.5~6, Source, and the ranked compettitive matchmaking is neat whenever your in the mood for a serious game with communication. Community servers arnt as fun as CS:S though :c Also, you can milk steam money from the marketplace if you do it right.
game-hours: 702.7
review: amazin gam i onli do dis so i get badge coz i newb at steem lv
game-hours: 1775.1
review: "Let's take an excellent game, upgrade the graphics to today's standards, and implement hats!" -Gabe "Gabe, surely you jest! Counter-Terrorists and Terrorists don't wear hats! But you know what?" -Valve Employee "Half-Life 2 Episode..?" -Gabe "No, no, no. Gabe, have you forgotten about Team Fortress 2? Stranges, and weapon variants! Don't forget crates!" -Valve Employee "Crates! An excellent idea! We can charge $2.49 for a key and let the community do the rest!" -Gabe "Great, great! But we need more! You know what? What about paints?" -Valve Employee "Paints. Perfect! What about stickers? Everyone loves stickers!" -Gabe "Great! So we have crates, stranges, paints, and stickers. What about name tags?" -Valve Employee "Oh god! We can't forget name tags! Let's charge $1.99 a piece!" -Gabe "Marvelous! Let's call crates cases, stranges stattraks, paints skins, and stickers stickers!" -Valve Employee "I'm game as long as we don't have to make any more content!" -Gabe "That's what the community it for! haha!" -Valve Employee "I know! haha!" -Gabe
game-hours: 198.8
review: Overal rating: 10/10 Good: +Gameplay mechanics +Graphics are quiet good +Feels little bit like Modern Warfare 2 +Camos +Awesome maps +EPIC comebacks from 14-1 to 14-14 in no time if you communicate + blyat is not, but karma is a "bich", so does KURVVA Bad: -Servers are unstable sometimes -Radiculous BAN systems, if I get a BAN its automatically 7 days if someone else gets its simple as that only 30 minutes - ULTIMATE RAGE AFTER THAT Conclusion: This is an ultimate RAGE MACHINE, if you ever played this you know what I'm talking about.
game-hours: 1339.8
review: good
game-hours: 2417.9
review: I simply cannot get enough of this game, once you get bored of something, there will always be else to play.
game-hours: 358.6
review: Waste of time.
game-hours: 226.3
review: CSGO? more like CSBLOW AMIRITE?????
game-hours: 1489.1
review: Fentastic <3
game-hours: 1681.6
review: One of my favorite games, I play it every day. One of the only FPS i like at the moment. It's really fair, if you die it's most likely your own fault and not by some cheap killstreak reward. Love the competitive matchmaking. It also has dedicated servers with most of the mods from Source. If you like CS it is a must buy. If you are not really good at shooters it can be fun to play arms race, deathmatch and other random custom gamemodes. Can be really hard to get into though, but the game has ranks that will match you with opponents with the same skill level. If you put some time on it you will improve quickly :)
game-hours: 1677.9
review: Although the change from previous counter-strike games is questionable, the game is entertaining nonetheless.
game-hours: 613.7
review: Super Competitive, Super fun, Super Castlevania IV, Super Addicting, Super Super
game-hours: 1089.9
review: Best game 2012-2115
game-hours: 104.6
review: Very Fun and Balance Game. You just need to practice your aim to not get kick at competetive. Keep playing casual til you think that you can play in competetive mode. AK-47's 1 tap headshot is OP,Valve Please don't nerf the AK!!! Verryyyy Fuuunnnnnnn Gaaaammmmeeeeee..
game-hours: 427.8
review: hacking simulator 2014. very fun game to hack in because you cant get banned for it recommended for all hackers -5/-5
game-hours: 1757.7
review: From a competitive standpoint it's the best shooter on the market with a thriving community that will be around for many, many years. If you want a team-based game with tight and hard to master mechanics this is the game for you. If you want a fun FPS to play deathmatch on for a few hours I would recommend the latest iteration of Call of Duty or Battlefield.
game-hours: 536.5
review: +Decent Graphics +Great Gameplay +Game Sounds are good +Constant Updates keeps the game fresh, fun and new -64 Ticks Servers for Competitive -Smurfs and Hackers are sometimes present in competitve matches 9/10
game-hours: 313.9
review: Player base is horrid controlls graphics and gameplay are old tired and rehashed match making is flawed and the game is riddled with bugs that will get you banned temporarily out of your controll. "It's okay 10/10" - IGN
game-hours: 169.0
review: Buy game for :15 Buy useless skins for bragging rights : $300 Be prepared to waste money
game-hours: 1716.3
review: This game is absolutely sickening, proving to be a well rounded fps that really gets the headshots pumping. Really enjoy clicking on heads. gj
game-hours: 481.3
review: Yes, i Aprove shooting
game-hours: 622.2
review: I am one that generally does not enjoy the FPS style of games. There is just something about Counter Strike: Global Offensive that makes me not able to put it down. You feel like becoming a better person is the goal of the game each time: you get a "clutch" victory or even die in a bad 1v1. This is a skill based shooter! The game is not about getting a new scope for your weapon... Improvement of yourself as a person and understanding how things work. I cannot recommend this game enough to anyone I talk to. If you want to become a better person and learn about discipline, self-respect, and teamwork. You need to try this game!
game-hours: 828.5
review: The modern king of online first person shooters.
game-hours: 436.4
review: Everything it is in the trailer. One thing that wasn't in the trailer though, AWP spammers. And don't buy $400 knifes.
game-hours: 29.7
review: hit detection on 5 ping, i r8 10/10 m8.
game-hours: 2532.6
review: Best first person shooter! ;)
game-hours: 2222.6
review: this game gave me aids
game-hours: 897.8
review: i like it good
game-hours: 955.0
review: Addictive!
game-hours: 1063.9
review: :RogueChicken::RogueChicken:
game-hours: 1812.6
review: 10/10 Would Chang Bang!
game-hours: 420.5
review: Buy the p250 on pistol round, buy Ak47 or m4a1-s second round, buy AWP 3rd round -dies- Then repeat this process.
game-hours: 1336.2
review: After playing this game I'v acquired some weapon skill that will help me to survive when Russia invades our country. Be afraid Putin, because I'm ready for you and your army !
game-hours: 1459.8
review: great game
game-hours: 678.5
review: A truly amazing game for people looking to have fun!
game-hours: 1373.3
review: Valve creates super games. Nice one !
game-hours: 383.0
review: such game many ded chickens much wow 10/10 would doge agin
game-hours: 441.0
review: awesome game that you will never be bored with :D
game-hours: 961.4
review: 10/10, im bad at it.
game-hours: 45.8
review: I really want to learn to play this game, I really do. But does my teacher have to  me in the ?
game-hours: 1004.9
review: <3
game-hours: 380.6
review: Rage simulator 2014 10/10 would waste hundreds of hours playing
game-hours: 1082.5
review: Game full of cheaters, going on sale at -50% after every banwave to bring money into Gaben's pockets.
game-hours: 402.3
review: BEST GAME EVAR
game-hours: 90.8
review: I cannot remember much a thing I can say about it, but one thing I know, that's a really good game :3
game-hours: 861.8
review: vgood
game-hours: 17.9
review: i love it is very cool
game-hours: 680.4
review: #1 game so good very nice
game-hours: 213.7
review: CS:S gets updated! Better graphics plus new play modes. E.g Arms Race, etc, tons of maps, new guns. Highly recommended for those who love FPS.
game-hours: 130.7
review: Use the money to buy a beach made of cocaine that borders a sea of rum.
game-hours: 292.3
review: Oh my god, I love games like this!! Thanks for the steam points :)
game-hours: 436.7
review: If you're anywhere but the US of A than you can pretty much be assured to never have a ping below 100. It's still fun as  though. 9/11 would bang
game-hours: 11.9
review: Banned for team killing when they shot me first 11/10
game-hours: 1716.8
review: Love dis shiet <3
game-hours: 257.1
review: Amazing game. I can't count the hours of endless fun I've had slaying noobs in a great group of friends. Very sexy Eddi tym  moi.
game-hours: 90.4
review: <333
game-hours: 585.6
review: .
game-hours: 346.7
review: It's not CoD - 10/10
game-hours: 2464.2
review: BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!
game-hours: 710.1
review: The BEST FPS game I have ever played. I played CoD and Battlefield before discovering this game, and let me tell you, I have never been so engrossed in a video game in my life. I would highly recommend it to anyone who is a fan of FPS games or something just discovering the genre.
game-hours: 1047.9
review: its really a good, enticing game that rewards you for your play. really a great one by valve.
game-hours: 1819.5
review: 1 of the best games in the world!
game-hours: 1327.2
review: The Best
game-hours: 43.3
review: Really Awesone Need it for sure played it
game-hours: 370.3
review: Vely Guwd
game-hours: 1870.6
review: luv this game, personally much better than source
game-hours: 256.6
review: 8/10
game-hours: 990.0
review: Awesome game, amazing graphic, perfect gameplay...
game-hours: 1004.0
review: One of my favorites.
game-hours: 277.6
review: This is the best 1st person shooter game.
game-hours: 288.2
review: awsome
game-hours: 330.6
review: Very good game . Mashins aproved . 1337/10 OGC Exaclly like minecraft with mods.
game-hours: 153.2
review: Russia/10 Learned native Russian in 1 week. Thanks matchmaking.  BLYAT.
game-hours: 1080.6
review: Old school Counter Strike revamped!!! CS has always been my true love when it comes to FPS games. It has a hard learning curve but pays off if you stick with it. With new maps & Skins being added, it has much more to offer than the previous versions of CS. In the words of the great FPS Doug "BOOM, HEADSHOT!"
game-hours: 89.9
review: I can't get why so much people out there like CS,but I can say only 1 thing: This game is dumb as FIICK!
game-hours: 458.9
review: Meet interesting people, and knife them when they fail to wear headphones. Every summer this is hands down the most fun you will experience making 12 year old children cry, without the risk of a restraining order. Listen to their pre-pubescent cries of "OMG H4X" as an endless series of small children who all claim to have slept with our mothers fail to understand that the AK-47 is perfectly accurate on the first shot, and that AWPs can kill through walls. 10/10 would make the children suffer again.
game-hours: 2418.3
review: I simply cannot get enough of this game, once you get bored of something, there will always be else to play.
game-hours: 358.6
review: Waste of time.
game-hours: 226.3
review: CSGO? more like CSBLOW AMIRITE?????
game-hours: 1339.8
review: good
game-hours: 1410.7
review: I love it, but im just a hated internet browser. ;D
game-hours: 93.4
review: This game made me realize that I am not the only Russian playing it on Steam, and I found out just exactly how many KIDS, that my mother slept with!
game-hours: 826.6
review: bought van guard campaign, no mention of vehicles to defend
game-hours: 308.5
review: Sold my Scar20- Cyrex, Bought another key, Got an urban hazard. Thanks Gaben!
game-hours: 565.5
review: The true successor to 1.6. VALVe really went out of their way to make sure this game came out the way it did, catering both to the grizzled ancients and newbies alike. The engine feels just right when it comes down to firing your weapon and landing the shots, if not rewarding, but expect to be punished for careless mistakes as it always has been on the series in general. The skill ceiling is a high one, as expected, but the game does its best to prepare you for online play with the increased range of difficulty levels for the bots (with 'casual' being nothing short of a shot gallery rather than an actual bot match) as well as the general course; this last one I think works as more of an introduction to the series than an actual tutorial for those already familiar with the basic game mechanics. While I still remain iffy about the introduction of microtransactions to the series, I think VALVe has done it just right by limiting your purchase of skins to the marketplace (a completely optional feature of Steam in general) and, of course, their infamous "crates" first featured in Team Fortress and relabled as "Cases" for the sake of consistency with the in-game universe. As always, Counter-Strike isn't a game for everyone, but whether you're a veteran to the series or just interested in seeing what the fuzz is all about and make a first break into the games, I highly recommend CS:GO. Also, I apologize for my incessant use of run-on sentences.
game-hours: 357.6
review: better than COD
game-hours: 827.4
review: Great Game
game-hours: 410.5
review: Worth buying 10/10 ~ NeoZeo
game-hours: 498.8
review: Playing this game as russian is x10 fun
game-hours: 980.8
review: The Easy-To-Play Counter-Strike
game-hours: 275.4
review: Best GAme Ever <3333
game-hours: 559.5
review: the games in  better off sitting in a shed drinking jack daniels
game-hours: 66.3
review: Really nice game. But the bug is still a bug from the Counter-Strike. CS:GO is a cs with a nice graphic,weapon,place. The bug is still the bug from the CS. but i think it will not disturb you to continue play this ing awesome game!!!
game-hours: 1185.7
review: Foarte frumos jocu !
game-hours: 667.0
review: Taking it back to the golden days! This game is awesome just like most Counterstrike games! def need to buy this game for sure! Competitive gameplay or just a regular team deathmatch.
game-hours: 993.4
review: It's a game. Enough said.
game-hours: 684.3
review: If this game would be a chicken it will be a tasty chicken
game-hours: 1342.8
review: Don't buy it.
game-hours: 236.7
review: Great game if you like rage
game-hours: 250.4
review: Ok so a lot of people are complaining that this "isn't like the older counter-strikes". In my opinion, it does feel more like call of duty than anything else, and sometimes the spawns are bloody terrible. But considering call of duty is ridiculoulsy overpriced on Steam, cs go is a good, cheap, alternative. I especially like the remakes of the older maps.
game-hours: 1064.5
review: Ok, CS: GO may not be the best FPS out there or have insane graphics - but you know what? For $15 this a hell fun game that comes with a great eSports community. Recommended to anyone who wants a fun game and doesn't want to spend a fortune.
game-hours: 578.0
review: If you don't get head-shots everytime, you are automatically a scrub and a noob. This game is basically for the pros, soz twelvies this ain't cod.
game-hours: 127.5
review: Very Awesome FPS! I LIKE it!!
game-hours: 1076.0
review: Best ... Game ... Ever
game-hours: 1391.5
review: Meh,good game. Would recommend it to everyone with a somewhat decent computer so they don't lagg. Competitive is really fun when you're winning with your friends otherwise it'll just make you mad and you'll end up rage quitting and possibly removing the game from your steam if you keep on losing. #BestReview2k13
game-hours: 261.3
review: I had a life.....once 10/10
game-hours: 848.9
review: good game for the kids even the house pets can enjoy it i r8 8/8 m8s its gr8
game-hours: 3201.7
review: The game sux but betting is fun
game-hours: 1182.6
review: Yes, I recommend this game because... -You find skins -Fun -Has great graphics
game-hours: 99.0
review: Very good game, reccomended :D
game-hours: 1802.8
review: Really foon
game-hours: 345.6
review: To many ing Trolls that kick you when your in competitive for no reason and then you get a 7day cooldown from playing competitive. GG Valve your  for making that. Plis Go commit Seppuku.
game-hours: 215.0
review: this game is more pain that pleasure. buy it if you're into that kinda stuff.
game-hours: 1274.4
review: I love this game but please, fix the kick system, people are abusing it and kicking people for no reason, i just got kicked from a game because idin't want to say sorry to a guy that was insulting me :/ fix it please
game-hours: 1783.9
review: <3
game-hours: 115.7
review: I'm going to sum the game up quickly and get onto a more detailed review. Great game 10/10. All game mods are fun and most maps just as equally awesome. Weapons are (mostly) balanced and skins look great. Something a little more detailed. To make this more readable I'm going to put it into a "Award system": Pistols: Glock: Piss all damage Award. P250: Common Pistol Round Rtarter Award. CZ75: Handheld Recoil Simulator Award. Five-Seven: Armor Penetrator Award. Tec-9: Alternate Cookie Clicker Game Award. Desert Eagle: JUAN DEAAAG AAARRRIIBBBBAAA HACHACHA Award. Dual Berettas: Did I hit something? Award. USP-S: Don't Listen to P2000 Award. P2000: Pick me! Use me! Award. SMG's: Mac-10: Poor mans Mp7 Award. MP9: Paranoid Cousin of Mp7 Award. Mp7: Wants to be P90 Award. UMP-45: Rifle Pistol Crossbreed Award. P90: Bullet Hose Simulator Award. PP-Bizon: Yet another Bullet Hose Simulator. Rifle: Galil: Should Buy an AK Next Round Award. FAMAS: What Is This With Select Fire? Award. M4A1-S: No Recoil/Don't Un-silence Award. M4A4: Bigger but not better brother of the M4A1-S Award. SSG-08: Killsteal/Assist Simulator Award. AK-47: Recoil Memoriser Mini-game Award. SG 553: Doper Than Its Scope Award. AUG: As Dope As Its Scope Award. AWP: Deathmatch Ruiner Award. G3: Serving Up The Server Award. SCAR-20: If T's Were Stains, This Would Be Oxi-Clean Award. Heavy: Nova: What Do You Mean 20 Damage in 3 Hits From Close Range!? Award. XM1014: Deck The Halls With Buckshotted Bodies, Falalalal-a-alahaha Award. Sawn Off: Like Opening a Crate, You're Usually Not going To Get A Good Result Award. Mag-7 (Swag-7): Little Brother of XM1014 Award. M249: C'mon Guys, Use Me Once? Please? Award. Negev: Will Sell Kidneys for MOAR AMMO Award. Knife: Want me to look cool? That Will Be $70+ Award. Grenades: Decoy: Old and Unused Toys For Sale! Award. FlashBang: Kablam! Try To See Each Other Now! Award. HE: I'm supposed to be Lethal? Award. Smoke: Great for Walking Through Award. Molotov/Incendiary: I AM THE FIRE WIZARD! BOW DOWN BEFORE ME! Award. Gear: Kevlar Vest: Hope They Don't Go For Headshots Award. Zeus: 1 Hit Knife Award. Kevlar and Helmet: Helps a Bit Award. Defuse Kit: No kit, No Life Award. Bomb: GREATEST WAY TO SOLVE A DISPUTE Award. Great Game 10/10.
game-hours: 139.4
review: asdasdasdasdas
game-hours: 245.2
review: This is a game
game-hours: 1897.1
review: A game that requires precise aim and strategy! Certain consequences will follow if you do not follow the code of conduct! Good luck & have fun! SEE YOU ON DUST2!
game-hours: 811.2
review: Awesome game.
game-hours: 74.2
review: This is just a marketing game, even it's named Global Offensive, so its abbreviation come out as GO (DAT MARKETING SKILLS THO), nothing global in this game (although there are some new maps that take place in a different part of the world), but if you liked the CS 1.6, you'll defenitelly like this as much, because the developers were too afraid to adapt any new mechanincs in the game, even the ridiculous ladder climbing remained the same. (They could have made an animation for climbing, but many say that that would slow the gameplay, but not if the character would step two ladder rungs instead of one, or something like this) It's just looks horrible among the few realistic mechanisms But while they tryied to implement realism (the way you have to aim with the scope with rifles) the aiming system is still... well... "undeveloped" to me. It's a good thing that the most liked maps like dust and assault are still in it, and they are all improved with destroyable doors, barrels and other objects, and in the game, not all weapons works the same way, that's a good thing again! This is why it's hard to say wheter I recommend it or not. I, of course recommend from an aspect that many players bougth the game, the 1.6 version were so popular, I BET you have a friend on your list who play this game, but in the other hand this game is nothing but a poor work making new source of money in my opinion. But saying positive again for conclusion, I'm an audiophile, and I LOVE its music, the music system is very well made, when you get killed the dramatic music kicks in and so on, and I can't complain about its graphics if I look away from the animations. Overall, yes, I recommend this game.
game-hours: 6.8
review: iz good
game-hours: 375.3
review: Wasted all my ing summer sale money on keys.... 10/10
game-hours: 286.3
review: Good For FPS lover because its mix everything and it very fun!!!
game-hours: 1177.2
review: Best skin simulator on the market. 10/10.
game-hours: 1518.7
review: 100% recommend! Fantastic game! Either play for fun with your friends on all of the variety of servers or test your skills in online competitive where you can get ranked to play with people within your skill level!
game-hours: 12.3
review: Global makes sense, but I played this game and didn't get offended MisleadingTitle/10
game-hours: 346.1
review: The definitive Competitive online FPS, It blow's away the competion with good map design, and the overall gameplay. This game is all about getting every slight advantage you can, and using it against your oppenent. This game is not like Battlefeild, or CoD this game is very much like chess, where your placement and positioning can affect the outcome of a game. This all adds up to make CS:GO one of the most addicting game's I've ever played. I'd reccomend playing with friends instead of solo queing, because you are very likely to lose if you solo que. With that said, Good Luck HAVE FUN!
game-hours: 534.5
review: A must own for fans of the Zoo Tycoon series.
game-hours: 477.3
review: Told a kid in competitive match that he shouldn't buy an AK-47 w/o armor on first loss round. He said, " you" and killed me with it. Would recommend 10/10
game-hours: 506.5
review: This game is very fun and can get addicting. All the game modes are enjoyable. I personally pick this one over CSS because of the graphics. There are also cool skins in this game, but getting them will burn a hole in your wallet. To get skins you either have to buy them or earn them by playing online, but even if you earn them, you will have to purchase a key to actually open it. That is why you will end up spending a lot of money if you are really into skins. Overall, this is a great first person shooter game that you will enjoy.
game-hours: 1931.4
review: it gude
game-hours: 269.7
review: Familiar, yet fresh. + Good old classic Counterstrike feeling with a few new weapons/grenade types and better graphics. + Few new game modes, like deathmatch and arms race + Includes remakes of classic maps as well as new maps + Matchmaking system included + Big player base, one of the most popular games on Steam + Low price for such a good game Be aware though, due to the new graphics it's easier for those AWP campers to hide in dark corners ;)
game-hours: 627.0
review: Awesome game mek muuneee!! $$$
game-hours: 280.0
review: Ruined my life. Had to study hard at school but i studied how to plant at B and not to die...
game-hours: 2338.7
review: Guns sound scary, especially sniper rifles, and detailed character dialogue keeps you in the combat loop.Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is different than almost every other shooter because it demands intelligent, hardcore tactical play from every last one of its players.
game-hours: 759.0
review: The most balanced and competitive shooter out there right now, with one of the best dev teams behind it. CS GO is everything i wanted 1.6 to be years ago, and nearly 500 hours in I'm not bored of it yet.
game-hours: 262.9
review: pew pew
game-hours: 545.0
review: zajabys
game-hours: 1674.4
review: What can I say... Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is one of the better first person shooters, not because it has the better visuals or because the game has a more upstanding community but because the gameplay in this particular game was bred for competitive play. Counter-Strike has been achieveing this level competitive play since the begining and hasn't stopped since. If you are looking to pickup Counter-Strike: Global Offensive here are some reasons to persuade you to pick up CS:GO over it's competitors. 1. CS:GO is not about running and gunning - In CS:GO accuracy is everything and timing your shots could be the difference between life and death, where in games like Call of Duty and Battlefield where the game has a community of squeaking children who "dropshot" in order to get a kill, In CS:GO you will find it more likely than not if you run around and spray you will die more than you will frag, this is because of the accuracy system. 2. Unlike most other first person shooter games CS:GO requires alot of teamplay to actually achieve a victory in the competitive gamemodes. If you come into the game unprepared you will probably get yelled at by some experienced players but do not let them discourage you, you will become better and surpass even their skill level. Learn calls, smokes and any other tactical thing you can learn in this game to give yourself the edge and most of all never talk negative to your teammates as this will just provide stress and tension between your teammates and yourself. 3. Skill Groups are a big part of CS:GO, In games like battlefield and call of duty your skill group will always go up as you play the game and earn exp, but in CS:GO the ranking system is a little different, ELO is what CS:GO uses and it does a really good job of accurately matching you against an opponent of your skill level. Everytime you play a full competitve match of CS:GO whether it be a win or a loss your ELO will take a hit, so if you win your ELO ranking will increase and if you win most of your games you will end up at a higher skill group which is displayed by an ingame rank. If you lose most of your games you will most likely downrank which is fair as if you lose most of your games you probably do not belong in your skill group and got there by pure luck or beating other people that do not belong at their skill group. 4. Skins - Alot of people hated skins when they first added them as they thought the game was going through a transformation into Team Fortress 2 but they couldn't be more wrong about such an event. Skins were added to the game to be monetary gain and to show support for the game by making it so community members could create and possibly get their content implemented into the game. This allowed the general community to have a bigger impact on more things in the game. Skins come in all colors, shapes and sizes to fit the default guns in the game and add an artisitc visual to the game that is otherwise non-existant by the games map and other textures. Skins can also be traded and vary in prices so you can make money just from playing the game and also sink tons of dough into the game. 5. It's fun - This game will not always be fun as the learning curve in this game is massive and you will probably find yourself asking yourself why you are even playing this game but then you will remember that you want to learn how to be better and once you do the game will open up and become one of the better games you play as this game is has everything that other games from the same genre are missing. Keep playing and never giveup. This is just a taste of the game and everything else their is to love in CS:GO comes naturally to those that play the game frequently, I hope you read this review fully and are intrigued if you do not already own this game.
game-hours: 1081.3
review: Well spent time of my life. I don't regret 10/10
game-hours: 1101.0
review: Good Game
game-hours: 329.3
review: This game has kept me entertained for a while. The matchmaking may be broken as  due to the overwhelming amount of smurfs you get in every game. The hacking in this game is becoming less of a problem as gaben and his team work to fix it. The price of this game is well worth it in my opinion.
game-hours: 358.8
review: RIP in Pepperonis money :(
game-hours: 474.8
review: Great game for any FPS fans.
game-hours: 1716.2
review: great game, worst thing about it is that its on 50% sale all the time.
game-hours: 2101.3
review: BEST GAME EVER!
game-hours: 1504.2
review: It's a valve game, how can you not like it? Nice First Person Shooter that has everything balanced down to the core. This is basically an upgraded version of Counter Strike: Source.
game-hours: 744.2
review: Awesome game,love it
game-hours: 239.7
review: Good game, hopefully doesnt become f2p while it has serious players NEEDS A DAMN LINUX PORT Great game otherwise would recommend, but stay off classic competitive till you know what you're doing (I'm tired of skrubs team killing cuz they didn't know there's friendly fire in comp).
game-hours: 574.8
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 414.6
review: Really awesome game,especially the competetive mode
game-hours: 269.1
review: Overall a really good game, played it a lot and even got 3 buddy's that normally doesn't play FPS to like it..
game-hours: 1834.9
review: I LOVE THIS GAME!
game-hours: 1674.4
review: What can I say... Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is one of the better first person shooters, not because it has the better visuals or because the game has a more upstanding community but because the gameplay in this particular game was bred for competitive play. Counter-Strike has been achieveing this level competitive play since the begining and hasn't stopped since. If you are looking to pickup Counter-Strike: Global Offensive here are some reasons to persuade you to pick up CS:GO over it's competitors. 1. CS:GO is not about running and gunning - In CS:GO accuracy is everything and timing your shots could be the difference between life and death, where in games like Call of Duty and Battlefield where the game has a community of squeaking children who "dropshot" in order to get a kill, In CS:GO you will find it more likely than not if you run around and spray you will die more than you will frag, this is because of the accuracy system. 2. Unlike most other first person shooter games CS:GO requires alot of teamplay to actually achieve a victory in the competitive gamemodes. If you come into the game unprepared you will probably get yelled at by some experienced players but do not let them discourage you, you will become better and surpass even their skill level. Learn calls, smokes and any other tactical thing you can learn in this game to give yourself the edge and most of all never talk negative to your teammates as this will just provide stress and tension between your teammates and yourself. 3. Skill Groups are a big part of CS:GO, In games like battlefield and call of duty your skill group will always go up as you play the game and earn exp, but in CS:GO the ranking system is a little different, ELO is what CS:GO uses and it does a really good job of accurately matching you against an opponent of your skill level. Everytime you play a full competitve match of CS:GO whether it be a win or a loss your ELO will take a hit, so if you win your ELO ranking will increase and if you win most of your games you will end up at a higher skill group which is displayed by an ingame rank. If you lose most of your games you will most likely downrank which is fair as if you lose most of your games you probably do not belong in your skill group and got there by pure luck or beating other people that do not belong at their skill group. 4. Skins - Alot of people hated skins when they first added them as they thought the game was going through a transformation into Team Fortress 2 but they couldn't be more wrong about such an event. Skins were added to the game to be monetary gain and to show support for the game by making it so community members could create and possibly get their content implemented into the game. This allowed the general community to have a bigger impact on more things in the game. Skins come in all colors, shapes and sizes to fit the default guns in the game and add an artisitc visual to the game that is otherwise non-existant by the games map and other textures. Skins can also be traded and vary in prices so you can make money just from playing the game and also sink tons of dough into the game. 5. It's fun - This game will not always be fun as the learning curve in this game is massive and you will probably find yourself asking yourself why you are even playing this game but then you will remember that you want to learn how to be better and once you do the game will open up and become one of the better games you play as this game is has everything that other games from the same genre are missing. Keep playing and never giveup. This is just a taste of the game and everything else their is to love in CS:GO comes naturally to those that play the game frequently, I hope you read this review fully and are intrigued if you do not already own this game.
game-hours: 1081.3
review: Well spent time of my life. I don't regret 10/10
game-hours: 1101.0
review: Good Game
game-hours: 1181.8
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is very similar to Counter-Strike: Source adjusted for improved graphics and changes in the balance of the game. Generally speaking, this is a great shooter that will become as legendary as the Counter-Strike 1.6. 10/10
game-hours: 1200.7
review: Worst game cause Gaben wont give me my m9 bayonet. -1000000/10
game-hours: 634.5
review: I'm glad that i have this game. ONe of the best Cs
game-hours: 328.2
review: gr8 game 8/8
game-hours: 911.1
review: Best game ever played
game-hours: 1153.0
review: 10/10 Would spend to much money on a game again.
game-hours: 1535.6
review: The king of FPS games! Buy it!,it's the best game you can buy on steam! (my opinion)
game-hours: 317.5
review: Jako dobra igra iako igram sa loim prijateljima.
game-hours: 1029.9
review: This is by far the best game I've ever played. I like shooters, so that's what I tend to look for on steam. When you pick this game up, you're going to have to forget everything you know about modern shooters if you want to win. First off, the game has an insane competitive atmosphere. 5v5 matches that use a (mediocre) ranking system last up to 90 minutes at a time, leaving you on the edge of your seat for those clutch moments. The community is amazing at helping you learn the game, and you'll find the right people and the right playstyle. You have to be dedicated to win here, learning map call-outs and memorizing different plays, recoil patterns and likely spots where an enemy can be. It's a great game to pick up and play casually, but even better to go hardcore with your buddies. However, with every great game, there are bad parts to it. As mentioned before, the ranking system is slightly mediocre. Nobody really knows how it works but some games end up unfair. Next, you'll stumble upon hackers often, especially at the high high ranks. You can report them, and they'll get banned(most of the time), but most of the time you lose the game and you'll get deranked. (recent changes make it so that if a hacker is reported and banned, the loss will not count towards your official stats/wins, but if you do manage to win it still counts). Lastly, there's the workshop. If you're talented, you can make skins and maps for the community and if Valve likes them they go into weapon cases; then they can be sold on the market. Some weapons can run you up to $400 dollars while others are a measly 2 cents. OVERVIEW PROS: +Competitive scene +playing with buddies +awesome people you can meet +teamplay CONS: -Hackers -Scammers -s -Mediocre ranking Conclusion - if you like shooters and competitions, pick this game up for you and 4 of your friends and go own some noobs.
game-hours: 1991.0
review: CS:GO <3
game-hours: 704.2
review: The game where you run around shoot people and they shoot back.
game-hours: 1104.5
review: this was a major step up from the pre-quel 'Barbie dreamhouse Party'. 11/10
game-hours: 470.5
review: I don't usually always get flash banged, but when I do it's because I threw it. It is highly recommended by Gabe to buy a pair of $300 headset so you can listen to who bang your mother every night in high quality. This game should be awarded Game of the Year every year.
game-hours: 484.5
review: Best Game EVER! You need this to live! :)
game-hours: 624.4
review: A very nice first person shooter game for more experienced people in the gaming community. In my opinion, there should be some sort of way Valve can get rid of smurfing, other than that CS GO is a great game.
game-hours: 292.7
review: This game is good
game-hours: 710.9
review: I LOVE THIS GAME. BUY IT.
game-hours: 1043.3
review: Must have!
game-hours: 1056.3
review: I love this game but ... i hate hackers and cheaters and this game is full of these sh*t
game-hours: 749.1
review: cute
game-hours: 1070.3
review: 10/10 Skin Simulator would waste $350 again
game-hours: 1564.5
review: ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 1354.7
review: 10 of 10 . i learned to love russia
game-hours: 292.3
review: Scared by a teammate and shot him, got banned. 69/69 would bang more teammates
game-hours: 1584.9
review: This is a game where you shoot people. Most of the time spent involves dying then proceeding to scream how the game has no "registry" and how random or gay the other players are. 10/10
game-hours: 481.6
review: :s
game-hours: 2127.8
review: 11/10
game-hours: 1280.7
review: If I had a choice of getting my  cut off or never be playing this game again, id choose getting my  cut off.
game-hours: 947.1
review: CSGO continues the brutal, infuriating, and wonderful Counter-Strike series that taunts you to be a better player with every game. I was somewhat skeptical during the beta before the addition of the casual mode, but the continuous updates and gameplay additions makes it the new TF2 in my mind. The bifurcation of competitive from casual and gungame does a good job grouping players with like minds. This title is endlessly playable with a vibrant community that is quite a bit more mature than the cod (fish?) players that slime around the net. The map system and continued mod extensibility makes it a premiere title on steam. My lame complaints (No more TMP) (MP7/UMP are too awful) (Aimpunch kinda broken) don't really detract from the goodness to be had. Graphics got a very nice upgrade over source and most of the maps got carried over. 9/10 for my next obsession.
game-hours: 874.1
review: dadadada
game-hours: 563.1
review: Good game for cool gamers :)
game-hours: 220.4
review: Csgayayaayyyyyaayayyay
game-hours: 276.4
review: The only game that pays you to play. Wait, keys for cases did you say? ... A few hundred keys later, I'm a tramp that's posting this comment using free WiFi on a tablet I stole from a 4 year old. 10/10 Would steal again.
game-hours: 571.4
review: When a player loses connection to their internet and timesout, the maximum amount of ban time they should get is 24 hours. Getting a week ban because of connection issues is not fair.
game-hours: 615.2
review: This game is one of the best, no, the best FPS I have ever played and will continue to be because it's so unique, it's different to Call of Duty, Battlefield and Medal Of Honor, this game is just spectacular and will be one of my favourite games of all time, but... there's one problem with CS:GO, it goes on sale way to often... I want more people to play CS:GO but not when those people already own it and they just use it to smurf and hack, the sale harms the game more than it does any good. If you got some spare pounds pick up this game but don't go into the game and expect everyone to be all lovey-dovey to you, some will be very harsh if you don't throw a flash well or if you don't get the kill so do prepare to get shoutted at a lot, the shouting helps, if someone says something that you should of done most of the times the person is teaching you what to do. This game is fantastic so do get it and do have a lot of fun with it.
game-hours: 423.7
review: really good game
game-hours: 84.0
review: AWP simulator 2014 Shot a guy's hand with an AWP and he died 10/10
game-hours: 3428.3
review: n1 !!!!! buy go pro
game-hours: 223.3
review: ye
game-hours: 445.5
review: got shot over and over, yelled at the machine, got put on youtube, 10/10.
game-hours: 24.1
review: this game is GLOBALY OFFENSIVE
game-hours: 1085.6
review: Excelent game and recommended to others. Great job on making the game.
game-hours: 461.0
review: fastest way to learn Russian and eastern european swear words 10/10 would blyat again
game-hours: 34.4
review: Awesome game...
game-hours: 279.2
review: Started playing CSGO knowing only one language, came out knowing 5. TY foreign players
game-hours: 113.5
review: 10/10. You can juggle with Desert Eagles
game-hours: 923.9
review: Regarless to all the hackers, scammers and annoying people on this game, it's fun and forces you to work efficiently as a team, 9/10 xD
game-hours: 188.5
review: 1/10 got headshotted then came back. Needs ADS, what is life. I tried to run but there's no sprint. Games lacking in features. Help me. I'm afraid.
game-hours: 807.3
review: love this game
game-hours: 512.3
review: I shoot at people. Then they were dead. And they paid me 300 for each kill. 10/10
game-hours: 903.1
review: good game
game-hours: 204.1
review: Nice game but hard with 140 ping :D
game-hours: 863.8
review: I Like It
game-hours: 38.6
review: To kill an enemy, click "MOUSE1".It is preferably to aim at the head. Enjoy!
game-hours: 515.1
review: This game will take over your life, and empty your wallet in the proccess. 10/10 would spend more money.
game-hours: 246.2
review: GGWP
game-hours: 1575.1
review: :)
game-hours: 264.0
review: yes
game-hours: 2048.6
review: pretty good!
game-hours: 50.8
review: If you hate call of duty but like to shoot stuff, this is for you. it's team based mechanics work well and it's very fun to see your team accomplish your goals. This is the only First Person Shooter that executes a hostage rescue/bomb scenario extremly well. 11/10 would shoot more terrorists
game-hours: 1988.2
review: got called a waller for 1v7 mp9 clutch on casual. 10/10 best community
game-hours: 1366.8
review: shoot
game-hours: 638.1
review: Holy crap, this game is fun. Great grafics, great gun play, a bit hard to start, but even harder to stop.
game-hours: 1676.9
review: Steam / VALVE big FAILURE!!!! Couples things why I like CS, its tactical games, and I made few good friends that I play with them alot. I like competitive match, because its required alot of teamwork during the game. Communications are very important. For me, winning game that play with good teamwork are more exciting to watch or rewarding feeling. Alot of tough players out there, some legits but also alot of players outhere are cheaters or hackers. By the way, just remember this is only game, winning or losing its not important, but again please dont spend your money on stupid skins. The more you buy, the more these creator taking advantage of your money. Money are hard to earn. At the end, please be smart!!! Ok, finally....I have to add this comments: 1. WHY YOU NEED TO HACKS OR CHEATS? if you like to win, please just play against bots. 2. VAC is big time FAILURE!!!! 3. OMG, please do something against SMURFS, CHEATERS, and HACKERS....stop making stupid skins, or create stupid boxes!!!!! Improve the VAC BAN, Active Moderator!!!! 4. CSGO Community, please dont be greedy!!!!! Y'all creating a loophole for the hackers. Stop drop the price...CSGO should be 50 dollars by now, so even hacker need to think twice. 5. At the end(the worst part), VALVE and STEAM failed to protect their custormer or members. Some of the people, their inventory got hacked by hacker so easily!!!! Scam everywhere!!!! VAC and steam need wake up!!!!
game-hours: 340.2
review: This game is ing fantastic. I am a ing pro in a team. Everyone should get it and be on a team
game-hours: 9.4
review: Great game, but whatever you do DO NOT buy keys or any of that other stuff in game. The key-chest system is a total rip off and the iest RNG of any game I've ever played EVER.
game-hours: 405.7
review: !!!
game-hours: 224.9
review: Either die a noob or live long enough to be called cheater.
game-hours: 868.9
review: BUY IT NOW before its too soon and the world ends. i mean it should be part of any sane persons bukkit list :)
game-hours: 1060.8
review: this game haz ak47 = must buy
game-hours: 1495.2
review: Outstanding Game ! Its not the amazing Graphics and gameplay, but it is voth for skilled players and players who want to have fun. Really big choise of Maps at Competitive Mode, just hilarious !!
game-hours: 766.2
review: I was in a furious masturbation session and right when i was about to ejaculate an add pooped up saying somthing about counter strike on steam back when i was a console peasent, but once i got a pc, my masterbation sessions went up a lot and i got garrys mod, everything was the color of my jeez, white and purple so i asked my doctor if i had contracted aids cuz maybe my right hand was infected or somthing, but he just said that i had to get cs source, so i got the whole thang and i started playing csgo, at first i did not like it, but after some time and masterbation sessions i started to play it more and its reely fun, its my top 2 on things to do everyday, 1 being masterbating to sophie dee, she the bae. soooo whats your story?
game-hours: 565.0
review: This game got me from A1 to B2. Ruined my life. :) So much adrenaline and fun, this game makes you addictive. At the same time, your learning to becoming a good player also pays-off as respect from other players (usually :P)..
game-hours: 46.3
review: nice game fps :)
game-hours: 475.0
review: Nice Game! Love it! +1
game-hours: 1308.3
review: bettr den dA SOURCE
game-hours: 1028.0
review: Great Game... Love the aspect of trading
game-hours: 580.8
review: Watchu know about wearin' a wolf on your noggin? Watchu know 'bout rocking a 1v4? Nothing son 'cause you're trash; garbage. Now stand back and make sure you pick up my AWP when I'm down. It's the one with the "Clutch" sticker. B\
game-hours: 490.5
review: p90/10
game-hours: 535.0
review: 10/10 just
game-hours: 1145.9
review: good
game-hours: 1524.8
review: This, is the ultimate fps-title. No questions asked. It's not even a thing of opinion, it's clear, that a battlefield-game, and a call of duty-game comes up every year delievering same thing every year. This is different. There are multiple reasons why cs:go is superior over ANY other fps game i've ever seen/heard/played: Price, it's dirt--cheap. Yes, no csgo2 coming up next year. Gameplay: This game is competetive all the way. None of that CoD "competetive", where there is a kid from Iran singing some one direction song in the lobby. Community: one of the most active communities out there! Map-makers, skin-makers. You name it. Content: In this game, there aren't any map dlc's. The only things close to dlc's, are the "operations" where you can pay a couple of bucks to support the community map-makers, and getting access to those maps in official valve servers. Yes, and the official matchmaking is the nail in the other games' coffing. It offers not only a great (but annoying :D) rank system, it brings out serious gaming for the meta. Only thing i curse in this game, is the tickrate. Any cs-player knows the  behind Valve's servers, the tickrate. (the rate that in the server updates in a second) Usual tickrate for official matches, is 128. Valve servers offer 64. WHAT THE HELL VALVE!? But still, it offers HUGELY enjoyable expirience. This game has become one of my alltime favorite's. Why? Because it's the ultimate competetive shooter with tactical gameplay, teamwork, need of gamesense, and a kickass skin system! That's why!
game-hours: 911.1
review: One of the few safe havens left to avoid CoD lamers. 10/10 just as addictive as source; if not more so. The addition of the crowdfunded tournaments and an in game economy that puts US domestic poilicy to shame. A good place to waste extra time and money. Praise Gaben.
game-hours: 1132.3
review: most realistic weapon camoflage simulator 2014
game-hours: 144.3
review: Addictive!
game-hours: 527.0
review: P250 | Franklin isn't worth $100 GG Valve. But in all seriousness though this is the premiere tactical e-sports fps game. Not much else can be said about it's complexity and craft.
game-hours: 1660.7
review: Very funny game. Must play.
game-hours: 594.5
review: I only play little bit, but it was fun.
game-hours: 1017.0
review: Good Game
game-hours: 455.6
review: Highly competitive! While the feeling of losing after a painful 45 minute competitive match, the feeling of a close win makes you so happy that your uterus will hurt... Personally I find myself to be the most inconsistent player in the world, and consistency is a key thing required for this game, as you need to win games in a row in order to rank up. I can't handle this and therefore my punishment is keeping my forever in the silver-zone. There are quite a number of hackers you may meet eventually though...
game-hours: 873.9
review: VERY GOOD GAME
game-hours: 789.2
review: Puts over 300 hours into the game Still don't know how to aim
game-hours: 2239.9
review: lost my life to this game 10/10 dont play this
game-hours: 715.8
review: Got aggressively yelled at for not being over Master Guardian 2 by a Silver/GN. Good game, well played.
game-hours: 523.7
review: First, i thought this game was a joke, because i was a cs 1.6 fan. After one of my friends suggested me to buy and try it out, i totally changed my mind. For me, this is the #1 FPS game, not considering by graphics, but gameplay. There are some things that should be changed, but they're not major.
game-hours: 2733.9
review: An incredibly fun game when you arent being molested in every hole by cheaters!
game-hours: 983.9
review: Game's broken.
game-hours: 598.1
review: its like the matrix the enemy can use slow motion to dodge all your bullets, but you can't matchmaking/10
game-hours: 866.9
review: good meme
game-hours: 722.8
review: Amazing FPS, such an upgrade to the others in the CS series! Costs a little bit but the fun is endless!
game-hours: 534.8
review: Very good game .It's much better than BF or Cod in my oppinion :)
game-hours: 298.2
review: Great banter
game-hours: 925.7
review: I was called Autistic on multiple occasions. Now I speak fluent Autistinese.
game-hours: 639.7
review: Great game! I love it!!!
game-hours: 1130.7
review: got killed by a decoy 10/10
game-hours: 108.3
review: nice game)
game-hours: 331.2
review: Love this game and im MLG so yah!
game-hours: 937.3
review: Counter Strike Global Offensive is a very good game, and you can even win items for some profit. I will jump right away to the pros and cons. Pros: -Steam Trading Cards. They do cost a nice amount of 6 cents, and you get a good amount from them from buying the game. -Accuracy improvement(sometimes) and some items to make your game more happy and colourful. -Settings allow you to change gameplay by a lot, HUD colours, minimap radar scale and much more! -You can even play 5 minutes if you are in a rush, and train your aim with other people. -A lot of community servers with a good amount of gamemodes and maps. -Overwatch for dedicated players. very good. no spoilerino spammerino. Cons: -You will get angry, occasionally. If you lose a "sure" shot on an enemy, you will daym. And even if he gets you with one shot without even any knowledge, you will call him a hacker. -Do not waste money on keys, really. It's a waste of time, and you can buy more games with that. Your luck may be with you, but you don't know. -People do spam a lot of their microphones and even have unlimited amount of reports to report anyone that is feeding, griefing or hacking. -Troll and griefing everywhere, people teamkilling you and they don't even get kicked. -----------------------------------| "Thanks ya for reading" -Zer0dg -| -----------------------------------|
game-hours: 1139.9
review: I'd r8 this game 8/8 m8
game-hours: 571.8
review: PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW
game-hours: 309.7
review: THIS GAME IS: 10% luck 20% SKILL 15% CONCENTRATED POWER OF WILL 5% PLEASURE 50% PAIN AND 100% REASON TO PURCHASE THE GAME.
game-hours: 48.0
review: buy it ... amazing game
game-hours: 726.2
review: Pretty dank. Needs more no scopes.
game-hours: 33.3
review: ????????????
game-hours: 1138.6
review: i love counter strike i just spend alot of money for the crates....
game-hours: 979.1
review: I love how when i die from 5v1 my team says i suck but when my team dies from 5v1 my team says "nice try" Best gaame ever
game-hours: 434.2
review: I wanna team kill bumbler more iz best game wuld recomend
game-hours: 681.5
review: Good game. Would recommend
game-hours: 54.5
review: I shot a guy in the  7 times and stabbed him in the  and teabagged him, this is how our freedom is gained.
game-hours: 60.8
review: i hate this game 10/10 best ever
game-hours: 464.0
review: I have to do this review for a badge... Don't judge me.
game-hours: 876.3
review: Very solid platform for learning basics of Russian and Polish languages, as well as the worst traits of human kind. Enjoy
game-hours: 496.7
review: game is gr8 m8 i r8 8/8
game-hours: 399.9
review: One of the best FPS games I have ever played. Get it.
game-hours: 1355.9
review: According to my point of view the best functioning und balanced online-competitive fps-shooter with a creative community, that always is integrating their content into the game. Thats what makes CS:GO so special, it is developing all the time. Recommendable without any concerns!
game-hours: 801.8
review: Very Nice. I like this gamer. I love IT.....
game-hours: 490.8
review: YUP
game-hours: 932.9
review: jebacka igrica, samo sa najvece jebace igrice
game-hours: 497.5
review: pretty good
game-hours: 1136.1
review: here is viele huansohns and its gameplay good! muchsnipers and peoples who dont know play but cheat! dust2 good vertigo is best!
game-hours: 610.7
review: 10/10
game-hours: 5.5
review: Fires randomly at a door, killed a terrorist behind it. That satisfied feeling of killing a terrorist. Great game!
game-hours: 447.2
review: Nice update & good for casual (s) / comp + free russians
game-hours: 184.4
review: ratatatatatata
game-hours: 1354.3
review: It's a very good game,I like it.
game-hours: 1627.2
review: If you're ready to get verbally abused, screamed, and yelled at then this is your game. Get ready for the excitement of being called "trash, nub, or scrub" all while getting gunned down mercilessly by smurfs and hackers! 5 stars!
game-hours: 293.6
review: Haven't played an CS games before and bought this because I can see a lot of my friends play this. The first time I played this game and I hooked myself into this game. Apart from little bit waiting time in matchmaking servers, I don't have any negatives for this game. Graphics is good, Maps are excellent, Control is easy and overall game is fun and enjoyable. It takes time to master the game but nevertheless it is a good game. I rate this game a 10/10. It is a must buy for all gamer for it's sheer variety of game types.
game-hours: 440.0
review: This game alone is a game that will be known forever. It's amazing maps, to it's amazing weapon skins. This game does it all. This game is byfar is the best first person shooter in my opinion. It is also my favorite first person shooter of all time. Valve, holy crap you did a great job with this game!
game-hours: 885.1
review: Very cool, very swag, i like it
game-hours: 1625.9
review: I'm gonna redo the review since mine was outdated. GO is Counter-Strike, and it's just as punishing as the other ones, but compared to Source you have better hitboxes and recoil system. What makes it the most played CS today is that for one it's the newest one, but more importantly Valve actually updates it, and built it from ground up from pro and community feedback. Gameplay-wise you'll have the same experience with enhanced visuals if you're a seasoned CS:GO player, but if you're new, you're probably going to get dominated if you simply jump into Competitive games. New players should watch Pro plays to get an understanding of game sense and get comfortable with a role, and for your own sake, don't solo-queue or you'll grow a hatred on everything that remotely sounds Russian. The roles are Entry and Second Rifler, Lurker, and AWPer. Even though many say AWPing is for noobs, don't get discouraged. If you feel yourself comfortable with the scoped 1shot rifle, go for the role regardless. As for matchmaking community, it goes as is. Silver will be the nicest teammates you can have, and might even gift you skins, but their kindness doesn't make up for skill if you seek the Competetive edge. Nova will be okay-ish, but there's some toxicity. Master Guardian to DMG will be toxics who flame you if you don't execute a play their way, even if it's a win. Eagles and upwards take this game too seriously, pursue a career in eSports, or soon will have a VAC badge on their account. Now that I've aforementioned skins, Arms Deal introduced them. At first it was recieved negative fire from the community, and even called TF2fication. Nowadays you'll find everyone being in posession of skins. There's even gambling sites for digital items from this game and keys have become a digital currency, making the TF2 point somewhat true in terms of economy. You'll want to consider whether or not to jump into this game, as it'll take a lot of time to be "decent", since the competitive part has a lot to learn. If you're more of a casual player, there's also game modes that cover that, and the legacy Community Servers which are put into the background, but luckily still existent and very active. Competetive or not, it's a worthwhile shooter for it's price which can even pay itself if you have sufficient semantics skill or are plain lucky, and if you look long enough you might find the nicer part of this community. But also pay attention to your expenses, should you get into unboxings, as special offers and music kits, are also cosmetic items. In a nutshell: You don't need them because they're cosmetic, but you get them anyway for bragging rights or to be part of the cool kids. Now jump in, and don't forget the Defuse Kit. [If you happen to be Russian, ignore the last sentence.]
game-hours: 644.2
review: racist
game-hours: 590.7
review: i play solo queue queued with russians against 5 man team losing 10-0 two abandon team doesnt surrender waste 40 min repeat 10/10 ign
game-hours: 634.0
review: it was pretty butts tbh
game-hours: 1044.6
review: What cruel world do we live in where knives and hats are more expensive than guns
game-hours: 758.5
review: fun game, kinda hard but when you learn to play its awesome!
game-hours: 473.0
review: 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 2336.4
review: Ekstra igra :P
game-hours: 539.8
review: I bought an AWP on round 2, and got team killed for it as I was making my way towards A site....
game-hours: 577.7
review: This game. I like this game.
game-hours: 848.7
review: Step 1: Buy a deagle Step 2: Crouch Step 3: Get one deags Step 4: Join the lovebug steam group ez game ez lyfe JK GAME'S HARD DON'T BUY IT
game-hours: 1129.5
review: Counter Strike: Global Offensive is an awesome game that has a lot of strategy. It is fun to play with friends and helps build teamwork. The maps are layed out perfectly and are very detailed. I really do recommend this game.
game-hours: 891.9
review: Awful game, I wanted to play arms race and I was still walking with my legs. Ok that was a joke, takes a while to get into but its fun when you get good (enough)
game-hours: 222.1
review: My favorite game. Reasons: chickens,llama cannon, addicing cons, ruined my summer
game-hours: 626.8
review: Global Offensive is definitely a Counter-Strike sequel -- it looks and feels familiar , with minor tweaks here and there to help balance old issues and surprise longtime players . This is a demanding , skill-based multiplayer game that's as satisfying now as it ever was , but it's for a specific kind of player . If you're not willing to learn to play different than you're used to , look elsewhere . Otherwise , this is a top-tier tactics game that will probably share the long-tailed legacy of its predecessors .
game-hours: 154.8
review: I have mix feelings of this game...so heres a Rice Krispy recipe: 1/4 cup butter 1 (10 oz., about 40) pkg. regular marshmallows or 3 cups miniature marshmallows 6 cups Kellogg's Rice Krispies cereal In a large saucepan, melt butter over low heat. Add the marshmallows and continue to stir until the marshmallows have completely melted. Remove from heat. Stir in the Kellogg's Rice Krispies cereal coating them well with the melted marshmallow mixture. Using a buttered or silicone spatula, press the mixture evenly into a 13 x 9 x 2 inch pan which has been buttered or sprayed with non-stick spray or lined with wax paper. Cut into squares when the mixture cools. Makes 24 squares.
game-hours: 846.1
review: ?      3-6-9               1         3-9                       ) ))))            5-10  ))))
game-hours: 12.6
review: This game isn't globally considered offensive.
game-hours: 2036.7
review: This game is probably the best game i've purchased on steam. I mainly play this game competetively, so if you dont like games that get harder and require practice to eventually be really good at, i would'nt think that you'd love this game. But I am not saying that this is a bad game by any means, i have tons of friends that never play competetive but still love the game. This game is also fun to play with friends on community servers to play common things like surf, mini games, or jailbreak. Even if you dont like the competetive aspect of the game you should still buy it and try it out considering that its only 15 dollars! Another thing that makes this game great is the economy; i've probably made about $25 dollars off the game so far, but also given back about $30 dollars from gun camo's, DLC, and cases, etc... If you have an extra $15 to spend i tottaly recommend this game, but you never know, you might just end up with about +500 hours in the game like me.
game-hours: 1592.7
review: mmmmmm
game-hours: 500.4
review: Epic game, is by far the best FPS at least for me ever made! PLUS -Skins you can buy our sell -Graphics on low is pretty -Alot of players play this -Ranks NEGATIVE -Hackers EPIC -Drop case -Buy key -Want knife -Get rare skin -Sell the skin -Buy case and key -Normal NEGEV skin -Rage quit -Unistall -Istall again -Repeat all over again
game-hours: 164.7
review: Bought this game 2 weeks ago , joined my first lobby One guy was screaming ALAHU AKBAR ( american ) The other one :  BLYATJ AMERIKAN 9/11
game-hours: 129.8
review: Best game to watch gun porn on.
game-hours: 362.1
review: taught me economics better then my school
game-hours: 1959.4
review: Prepare to never see sunlight ever again. I r8 it 8/8 m8
game-hours: 361.3
review: This game is very fun to play with friends. Competetive is definately the funnest part and overall there is a clear reason to why this game is so popular!
game-hours: 237.6
review: Nc game
game-hours: 1257.4
review: best game
game-hours: 352.3
review: Good Game, kill people i like. game is 2 good 4 me, many hackers
game-hours: 558.9
review: Awesome Game ! Must Buy Worth it!
game-hours: 1477.2
review: GG
game-hours: 259.7
review: It's ok.
game-hours: 535.4
review: 10% luck 20% skill 15% concentrated power of will 5% pleasure 50% pain 100% Of Russians have purchased this game
game-hours: 897.3
review: best game
game-hours: 389.9
review: Counter Strike Golobal offence huh? You like TF2 huh? You like FPS games huh? You like hetrosexual sex huh? You like other Counter Strike games huh? Well enjoy the game then you sexy beast.
game-hours: 536.0
review: Gonna keep it short and sweet, don't buy this if: 1. You don't have a mic. 2. You have a  mic. 3. You haven't hit puberty. Thanks :D <3
game-hours: 169.1
review: #RektSimulator #spookie #Noscope All those tags for this. 9/10 ~IGN
game-hours: 538.4
review: Simply awesome with the touch of skins and Stattrak.
game-hours: 206.2
review: Not to bad ( Joke ) ITS AWESOME
game-hours: 396.3
review: "Welcome to the salty spatoon, how tough are ya?" "I got and AWP collateral." "Yeah, so?" "While jumping." "Right this way sir."
game-hours: 1730.1
review: This game actually forced me to study russian. This game is genuinely good if, and only if, you have a full team to play with. If you go solo queue, it's 99% that you will get the ruskipolskiblyat team that calls gg after the lost pistol round / and then again you will get a full team of svenskapojkar in your enemy team that have the most luck in this game no explanation available. -Start pistol round, buy kevlar, go somewhere, see a T running on the otherside of the map->one dinks you in the head. Also the timing in this game is something magical. Get a nade/knife in hand or reload -> no matter what situation enemy will be 500% more likely to peek. Watch a certain spot for 30secs, turn around, get killed from the spot. -Half time, the screaming and all nonsense noise contest. Once it gets in your blood, you can't quit.
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.6
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2870.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 202.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 767.1
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.6
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2870.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 202.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 767.1
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 241.9
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to be called a hacker 8/10
game-hours: 681.4
review: COMPREN! Es un vicio. Su sistema de rankeo es ademas de impresionante, viciante.
game-hours: 1441.9
review: Best. Game. Ever !!!!!
game-hours: 843.5
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive created by Valve is first person shooter which needs a lot of teamwork to play and win. There have been many CS released such as Source and Condition Zero all I have but have not gotten around to play them yet at the time of this review. The only CS I have played other that GO is Source and comparing them together GO has seemed better from a grahical and easy to use stand point but that is my opinion. CS does not seem to have a campaign and is full on muiltplayer which some people might called that bad but it effects the game none. There are some gamemodes in CSGO like Arms Race, Search & Destroy and Hostage all quite gamemodes to play and really enjoyable. Other than these gamemodes there are to catorgies that the game falls under, Causal where you can just play for fun and Competitive which I find the most fun because people can't leave unless they want to have temp ban which keeps the game fun for everyone. During your time going for headshots and back stabbing afkers after every game you will have a chance like in TF2 to get a item but instead of items there are camos kinda of easy to guess since its made by valve these make the game even better having all different types of camos instead of looking at a bland gun. I rate this 9/10 because some points teamwork is a advantage and make you work with your team to win also is great fun to play. I do think 11.99 is a bit much but i defently got my money out of it even if your not a big first person shooter.
game-hours: 429.5
review: Just awesome game.
game-hours: 311.4
review: AMAZING< YOU GET SHOT ALOT AND BANNED!
game-hours: 1579.0
review: Game has chickens 11/10
game-hours: 947.8
review: Played so well, Isis tried recruiting me. 11/10 Got me a job
game-hours: 2852.8
review: either a scrub, or a cheater. one in every 38 games is a close and fun game. 11/10 would recommend muting everyone
game-hours: 529.9
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10 xD
game-hours: 884.1
review: Well, good classic cs with new graphics and stuff. Adding competive as opinion when finding games were good idea. Decluding kids with micspam and crying about hacking and hackers themselfs, this game is really fun to play as competitive game.
game-hours: 36.0
review: Best Counter Strike ever! So fun to play with friends. This game is not like run & gun, you have to play it with tactics. I recommend to buy this game!
game-hours: 1535.6
review: nice
game-hours: 1333.3
review: If you are silver you will play against Global Elite Smurfs. If you are anywhere between silver 1 and Global Elite you will play hackers and Smurfs. If you are LEM or higher you will play hackers. 10/10 would FastScope again.
game-hours: 140.8
review: Rooty Tooty, Awpin' Shooty
game-hours: 30.9
review: Freaking amazing gameplay and competition.
game-hours: 384.7
review: this is a great game i love the game!!!
game-hours: 168.1
review: Buy Game Get free in-game weapon skins and crates from playing Sell those stuff End up earning more then the actual value of the game Free money and enjoyable game to play Can't go wrong with that.
game-hours: 343.8
review: Just like TF2, CS:GO is another fun and well balanced economy/FPS based game. I personally love the compeitive aspect to it along with the trading of unique skins and knives
game-hours: 767.3
review: After almost a year of owning and playing this game, csgo all of a sudden takes up 1.2GB of memory for whatever reason putting my ping to a constant 500+. If there is a way to fix this please tell me because i am no longer able to play the game. 5/10 due to that.
game-hours: 706.7
review: Let's start off by saying this game is the best one in the CS series. I'd say that CS:GO is a remade version of 1.6, which suits the needs of the current generation - better graphics, stuff is fancy. There is also this gambling aspect of opening cases and betting skins. I really do not know if I like it or not. Some kids get happy over their new stuff when the other kids are crying after losing their whole skin collection in one click. Now, the game itself. There's a new "mode" called competitive. People take this rather seriously. You can play it to get higher in rank - in case you've got what it needs to get there, which means you'll get better opponents when you advance. Remember that you have to be on the same (or higher!) level as your opponents to get higher. You can also play it to realize you belong to the bottom floor. But being on the bottom floor is okay, right? You can only get better.
game-hours: 357.1
review: Of course CS:GO also has the classic server browser, wherein you can browse the servers, search them by tags/maps/player count/ping, regular stuff. Some of these servers also feature funmodes, which you can play when you feel like playing CS:GO but you CBA to tryhard. Most of those servers are noob-friendly. This game gets constant updates, which means tweaks to guns if some are deemed 'overpowered' or 'underpowered', new skins, new operations, new maps, and more. Be sure to have your credit card ready when these things happen, though!
game-hours: 293.7
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive (CS:GO) would have to be one of my favorite games on Steam or out of all Valve games! I love all the Counter-Strike games but when I played this I fell in love at first sight! Such nice gameplay the weapons are beautiful! I love collecting, I love to open up crates and cross my fingers for a good random gun! The game I was really impressed with! The teamwork and stratergy of the game is great as well! The graphics are nice not to bad.... I score this game 11/10
game-hours: 10.5
review: Beautiful world, where virtual knives more expensive their real counterparts
game-hours: 619.3
review: I am Groot
game-hours: 2133.8
review: GET THIS GAME ASAP, YOU LITTLE RASKELS!
game-hours: 223.2
review: i looooove smurfs its a good that they can verify their awesomeness by playing with low silvers. Much skill very good
game-hours: 134.3
review: The game is actually quite fun once you take some time to learn how the game works. At first, it is quite different from all fps due to the insane recoil patterns of the guns. There are only 4 guns to my knowledge that have scopes, the rest are hip-fire so you must rely on your reticle rather than sights to attain kills. Play and you will get better, however many games are luck of the draw. I find myself either being middle-of-the-road in most matches, or somewhere near the top. Of course, there's those comp games that go 16-1 and are infuritating but that is to be expected. This game is quite fun with friends, especially if you have mics to coordinate your attacks. There are a lot of wtf moments but also a lot of kick- ones. If I had a qualm, it would be that the ak is next to god when put in the right hands, but I guess that could be said for any weapon above par. Visuals are nice. Great community maps. Arms race is quite fun, similar to Call of Dooty's gun game but you descend guns rather than ascend which makes for a more even playtime. People I've encountered were mostly mixed, as there were a few douches but also a few cool people. However, if someone decides to be a  in comp it is frustrating as a bot replaces them. Solid 8/10 would recommend. Skins look cool however I wish there were more of them. Friend unboxed a knife 3rd key and I have yet to use a key for this game. :)
game-hours: 896.6
review: -Buy the game - Install the game - Kill 3 man with headshot - Enjoy your ban(on community servers) IGN - 10/10 BETTER THAN BATTLEFIELD PewDiePie 1/1 I just bought this game 4 nothing XDDDD BROS XDDD
game-hours: 1381.6
review: its so addictive. you will not leave your room. i forgot about breakfast and lunch last time. and played from 11 pm to 7 am with-out stopping!!!!
game-hours: 1317.7
review: Really Love Dis Game!
game-hours: 116.2
review: Amazing Game
game-hours: 199.0
review: Learing basic russian with , blyat for several games
game-hours: 957.0
review: Great way to toss more money at GabeN. 10/10.
game-hours: 840.0
review: Skins are addicting... Why you do dis Valve?
game-hours: 179.6
review: Gets points for killing chickens 11/10 Gets called a hacker because a lucky shot kills a guy through a smoke 11/10 Buys a gun for x20 the price using digital currency 11/10 Buys a digital knife using actual money for 20 11/10?
game-hours: 1227.4
review: Rage Simulator 101. With the occasional aimbots/triggerbots and wallhacks. Also with cosmetic market transactions that cost more than real life things. 10/10 Valve. Will buy this again.
game-hours: 143.9
review: BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM !!!
game-hours: 413.5
review: Aced the team got called a hacker 12/10
game-hours: 104.6
review: yes it's good
game-hours: 565.0
review: Great graphics, gameplay, development, and the best part is... You can get TONS AND TONS of money off of it :3
game-hours: 79.4
review: Internetpeli of the year) Ez Internetkatka
game-hours: 522.0
review: I can climb ladders and surf using my ribcages 10/10-ign
game-hours: 416.8
review: An FPS with MMO-style drops and items. This game does a lot of things right, and a couple things wrong (casual play is slightly skewed by an overabundance of the cheesiest sniper rifle ever put in an FPS), but all in all it's fun and addictive and a great way to hang out with your friends. 400+ hours in a game that cost me $4. It's hard not to recommend a game which presents that kind of dollar to time ratio.
game-hours: 393.8
review: Great FPS with a unique over-arching game mechanic (Terrorists Vs Counter-Terrorists) that is quite fun, and most of the time requires lots of strategy to be implemented. I've shot more chickens than players. 10/10
game-hours: 400.2
review: 10/10 would suck my finger
game-hours: 1689.5
review: Strategy, Teamplay, Dedication and fun.
game-hours: 352.4
review: you can shoot teammates in competitive mode
game-hours: 1239.2
review: Awesome game and I like playing this game with another people. Only bad thing is unskilled players and Russian players :/
game-hours: 1098.4
review: good~
game-hours: 1284.6
review: EPIC GAME with fail ranking system :)
game-hours: 255.0
review: 10/10 Would bang
game-hours: 446.9
review: Only FPS I like other then Day Of Defeat 1.3...so far ;)
game-hours: 300.9
review: bang bang shooty shooty
game-hours: 932.2
review: Nice game :D
game-hours: 853.6
review: good
game-hours: 403.4
review: I havent played CS since about 2007. I didnt enjoy CSS as i felt it wasnt the 1.6 upgrade I was looking for. However CSGO feels alot more like CS 1.6 with updated graphics. I like all the other features like match making, badges and weapon skins :D
game-hours: 443.4
review: AWESOME GAEM ALOT OF CHITARS and snipars
game-hours: 1209.6
review: .
game-hours: 302.6
review: Lol :l
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.6
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2870.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 202.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 767.1
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 1049.5
review: I was only 13 years old, I loved Counter-Strike so much; I had every skin in the game, I prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the life I had been given, I would chant, "Gaben is love, Gaben is life", My friend Cryptic hears me and calls me a noob, I knew he was just jealous of all my skins and my devotion to lord Gaben, So I called him a loser, He then deagles me and sends me to go get vac banned, I'm crying now, and I have a vac ban now due to him reporting me, I lay down, and I remember all the good times I had on CSGO, Then warm sensation starts to move towards me, I feel something touch me, It's Gaben, I am so happy, He whispers in my ear, "Thy ban shall be gone", He grabs me with his powerful hands and puts me on my hands and knees, I tell him, "I'm ready", I spread my butt for Gaben, He then penetrates my butt-hole, I can feel my butt-hole tearing and my eyes start to water, It hurts so much, but I cannot disappoint lord Gaben, I try push against his force but he is too strong, Then I remember this is for lord Gaben, so I have to endure the pain, He then roars a mighty Dragon roar and fills my butt with his majestic love, My friend Cryptic now walks in and stares at what is being done, Gaben looks at him straight in the eyes and says, "You are vac banned now", Gaben then flies out my window, I look out my window to find what no one has ever seen before, Gaben looks at me holding a copy of Half-Life 3 in his hands, Gaben then gives me an early access pass to test it, I then chant, "Gaben is love, Gaben is life"
game-hours: 95.2
review: Competitve is extremly fun with friends.. 420/69 would fap again.
game-hours: 798.7
review: amazing game!
game-hours: 950.4
review: best game ever, better than any COD
game-hours: 743.5
review: Best Way how to learn Russia 10/10
game-hours: 882.5
review: Osta tm peli jos haluat saavuttaa syvn nopeasti.
game-hours: 645.8
review: I love this game. I have an insane fetish for getting shot in the face. Other games just couldn't satisfy this urge but jesus thank you CS:GO, now I join lobbies with a player hitting me in the face with a 7.62mm from an AK-47 that joyfully squishes into my face and turns in into a pulp. Oh god yes. As I visualize the copper lead bounce around in my skull, I achieve an  unbeknowest by any man, women, or living being on this planet, then I take a shower and cry. Overall 10000000000/10, greap fap material.
game-hours: 815.1
review: Gameplay: 5/5 Matchmaking: 3/5 Mechanics: 4.5/5 Visual: 4/5 Optimization:5/5 My pc isn't horrible but horrible pc's can run this. CS:GO In a nutshell: Very good game like the other counter-strike series, and is my favorite amongst them all. The gameplay is great, mechanics are amazing aswell although there are some bugs here and there. Game is geared towards smooth FPS and gameplay rather then the graphics/visual but still looks very appealing. This game isn't pay to win in any aspect which makes it absolutely skilled based. You can spend some money on it to get weapon 'skins' which are 100% cosmetic and have no change on the game. As a matter of fact, some weapon skins just make the gun easier to see and can lead the player holding it at a disadvantage. However, there are some exclusive maps in operations that are sold in passes which cost money. Despite that, the original maps are still the best in my opinion. Only thing I dislike about CS:GO is the matchmaking system. Sometimes it makes sense and sometimes it doesn't. In CS:GO there is a 'Competitive' mode for getting ranked and playing 5v5 in classic mode style. You can either play as a premade team which is up to 5 players partied up and ready to play, or solo queue. Now don't get me wrong, solo queueing is risky in this game and doing it is very ballsy. You might get matched up with trolls, players out of your skill level (better or worse than you by ALOT). You should probably get a team or at least 3 friends to play with that can help you improve in the game. When playing competitive try not to invite friends that are simply friends and are not good at the game (trust me, they can lose you many games and possibly even get you demoted). Valve tries to keep you matched up with people around your skill level. If you had a silver 1 (lowest rank) and a global elite (highest rank)premade, they will likely be placed against Nova or Guardian ranks. (Averageish ranks). Game can be frustrating sometimes but remember. Teamwork is key. Getting a random solo queue team that you're playing with to follow your strats will practically win you the game. Yelling at your teammates or being toxic isn't going to help. If you don't feel comfortable or simply want to play the game for fun and not getting ranked, there is casual. Casual is basically where you can just have some fun :). If you want to get better, read guides on the internet and practice, practice and practice. Deathmatch is good for getting your aim down and community aim maps are good too. There are also community servers for multiple gamemodes. Note: While playing CS:GO you can get drops in the game. You can then sell them on the market and they can get you some small change which you could later spend on some cheap skins. If you're lucky you could get some crazy skins worth quite a bit but that's very unlikely. Yes, this does mean you can make profit and trade in this game!
game-hours: 260.1
review: Its good
game-hours: 2273.4
review: Fun game I like it still
game-hours: 226.2
review: Once a silver, always a silver. -10/10
game-hours: 890.7
review: A stark commentary on cross cultural relationships and the impact single parent upbringing has on a child. Counter Strike: Global Offensive accurately portrays the gender bias that is all too often seen in modern families.
game-hours: 267.8
review: Better than sex
game-hours: 877.3
review: Mrda hra no :)
game-hours: 1044.7
review: Do you want to learn russian? Play this game, it's the best language-learning software currently on the market.
game-hours: 354.5
review: Stephen Hawking thinks AI is going to spell the end of mankind in the far future, apparently, but rest assured ladies and gentlemen. Play few hours of this game and you'll learn that Bots CANT AIM AI IS INCAPABLE OF REPLICATING NORMAL BLOODY SHOOTING IN A FPS, THEN WE HAVE A VERY LONG TIME BEFORE THE END OF HUMANITY IS UPON US, MR.HAWKING. MY CAT COULD SHOOT BETTER THAN THE ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE IN THIS GAME.
game-hours: 328.9
review: how to play cs:go 1. pew pew 2. aww dang I got killed (if you dont suck)3. yay i got a kill repeat
game-hours: 34.0
review: A fun addition to the Counter Strike series. It keeps the beauty of the original, with new graphics.
game-hours: 769.3
review: Love this game :P
game-hours: 253.2
review: Counter Strike: Global Offensive is a very enjoyable game and is MUCH different from the rest in a good way. Keep up the good work Valve
game-hours: 345.3
review: This is so good game :))
game-hours: 160.6
review: As hard as it is to wrap my head around first-person shooters, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive was unexpectedly one of the easier games to pick up and wrap my head around. I was always afraid of competitive- I'd never played a multiplayer match until about a month or so ago- and I never expected much by way of nice attitudes from the community. Boy, was I wrong. Bout 90% of the matches we hit had fair, nice, understanding, and overall good-hearted players. They'd understand if you made a mistake- and would help you through it on occasion. This game has its fair share of exploiters, hackers, and general douches who will act like  to you, but they're quite the minority from what I've seen.
game-hours: 796.7
review: 10/10
game-hours: 632.9
review: classic FPS.
game-hours: 486.9
review: 10/10 Fun, a big time waited fps from valve... Just buy it and pm me thanks! xdd
game-hours: 1396.1
review: Zaibys
game-hours: 995.3
review: it s a good time consuming game , and a great plae to practice your flickshots
game-hours: 980.3
review: Chase chickens, shoot chickens. 10/10
game-hours: 128.1
review: This game is thee most EPIC game i have ever played. It's really has the game potential, and structer! that it needs. It's really good were that when you shoot? You really need to focus on your target, where in Call of duty? it's really stupid when you spray and kill someone. That's what i enjoy, the aiming and the realistic movement is EXECELENT!
game-hours: 726.0
review: Cs:Go is probably the best shooter out there. There are so many "AAA" Shooters out there for example "Battlefield" or "Call of Duty". Every Year there is a new "AAA" Game like this and you have to spend 30-60$ for this games. For Cs:Go you only have to spend 10-15$, and a new Counter Strike game comes only all 8-12 years. But you shouldn't start playing this game alone, tell your friends and play with them. So why should you buy the game? -It is very cheap -You can play it with your friends -You can earn money with it (creating weapon skins, bet on pro teams with skins or real money) -The Cs:Go Community is the probably biggest and best Community there is out there :) Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoyed my review :). (Sorry for my bad english I am a German Student)
game-hours: 971.7
review: very recomended game, for those who looking for a great experience at first person classic
game-hours: 288.2
review: awsome
game-hours: 330.6
review: Very good game . Mashins aproved . 1337/10 OGC Exaclly like minecraft with mods.
game-hours: 153.2
review: Russia/10 Learned native Russian in 1 week. Thanks matchmaking.  BLYAT.
game-hours: 1080.6
review: Old school Counter Strike revamped!!! CS has always been my true love when it comes to FPS games. It has a hard learning curve but pays off if you stick with it. With new maps & Skins being added, it has much more to offer than the previous versions of CS. In the words of the great FPS Doug "BOOM, HEADSHOT!"
game-hours: 89.9
review: I can't get why so much people out there like CS,but I can say only 1 thing: This game is dumb as FIICK!
game-hours: 460.1
review: Meet interesting people, and knife them when they fail to wear headphones. Every summer this is hands down the most fun you will experience making 12 year old children cry, without the risk of a restraining order. Listen to their pre-pubescent cries of "OMG H4X" as an endless series of small children who all claim to have slept with our mothers fail to understand that the AK-47 is perfectly accurate on the first shot, and that AWPs can kill through walls. 10/10 would make the children suffer again.
game-hours: 158.8
review: CS:GO is love, CS:GO is life <3
game-hours: 898.8
review: amazing...
game-hours: 865.9
review: After having put in almost 500 hours in this game, I can say i have thoroughly enjoyed it.
game-hours: 1373.1
review: Love this game.Play this game.Its awesome :)
game-hours: 2100.5
review: iz gud
game-hours: 573.6
review: It's a really fun shooter game. You don't have to be very experienced to play it either, all pro's are on one specific game mode, playing one specific map. It's fun for everyone and I can definitely recommend it to everyone.
game-hours: 518.1
review: Why are reviews a thing on this game csgo. We all know it's ING AMAZING! 10/10 bought the game 10 times on 10 different accounts because it is so fun to  around on it with friends #teamkillingbuddies!
game-hours: 454.0
review: Hard and addicting, one of my favorites though. Don't buy it if you don't have skill or don't want to work to get better.
game-hours: 723.2
review: If you are looking for a team-based tactical shooter, then look no further, because Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is basically the best you can get.
game-hours: 144.6
review: Best Counter Strike game so far, you need skills to play it 10/10
game-hours: 2045.9
review: Played this just a little but it was fun <3
game-hours: 1012.1
review: C nul chui ban !
game-hours: 421.5
review: made me hate russians and rekt my wallet 10/10
game-hours: 309.9
review: Hard for new player but I have had fun and made some friends on this path to get out of sliver the players overall are nice friendly people and it's fun to play. Buy the game if you have the time.
game-hours: 256.6
review: If you dont like this game then f**k you
game-hours: 567.2
review: Is my favorite game 10/10
game-hours: 1035.5
review: The best online shooters saga history returns with an addictive great game and renovated with multiple modes and game options. The graphic draws attention especially on maps and are quite varied, recognize old maps with amazing quality graphics. The game is constantly updated with maps, passes, community contributions ... etc, extending the life of brutal game. Highly recommended if you like shooters.
game-hours: 561.3
review: You can name your guns anything you want. AWP= The JFK Experience. 11/10
game-hours: 512.1
review: Straight up as be savage here bruh. as don't care bout your life b. They be some shootas in here I want in my squad 100. I done got killed from spawn 3 times in a row my first game. This game straight cheecks. No perks or killstreaks. FOH I can't even aim down sight when I'm spraying as with my AK. as be running to me with they knife out and  at me when I glock em. SMH  you thought I was gonna do? Snake as be shooting me in ranked just cause I bless they ears with some thugga. On god I seen more virgins in this game then Osama got. Thirst trap real here too sheesh. I haven't seen one chick in this  that don't got a 100$ inventory. Why  a fat chick when I can find a  that can pay my bills with that CSGO money.  Valve making bank rn. as can feed Africa with they inventory.  this game
game-hours: 1952.1
review: This game is FABULOUS >.>
game-hours: 898.3
review: You get this game, and for a while, you suck. then, you start getting better and better, until you reach the point where you play competitive. Then, you realise you suck all over again. 10/10
game-hours: 1308.1
review: people are more attracted to virtual things than the real ones. they will buy a karambit fade instead of going on holiday or something like that 10/10 would buy a karambit fade than going on holiday =D
game-hours: 77.8
review: Never played this thing. My 1st hour of playing was discovering how to buy grenades, now I can kill people with boom.
game-hours: 258.8
review: Good game!
game-hours: 902.7
review: this game is hard to begin...and even harder to play....aiming and hitting is really different compared to BF or COD
game-hours: 691.6
review: An extremely fun-filled tactical shooter. This game is full of teamwork and strategy, and has so many levels of gameplay. Practice in a fast-paced game of deathmatch, or a more relaxed battle of wits in a competitive match. It won't be long before you find yourself back on the community aim servers training your ever so important reflexes. This game is definatly a 10/10, and lives up to the reputations of the previous Counter-Strikes.
game-hours: 619.2
review: Best game never ever :D
game-hours: 637.6
review: I love Cs Go. So much lol.. But i hate 7 days ban bcs my "internet connections" or killing someone. 8/10
game-hours: 925.9
review: Looooooove Yaaa :D
game-hours: 256.4
review: So I'm going to keep this short and sweet. This game pisses me off so much, but it also gives me the most satisfaction from any FPS I have ever played. 9/10 cause the people suck.
game-hours: 470.8
review: The best multiplayer game ever. I highly recomand it !
game-hours: 329.1
review: This game has ruined my life. My dog died because I was playing comp and couldnt quit to feed him. All my friend left me. My girlfriend left me for a Dota 2 player. And to cap it all off I spent almost every single cent from my pay checks on god damn freakin' KEYS. I only  in a bucket and I'm 200 pounds over weight.  this game. best game ever 10/10
game-hours: 193.4
review: Best AWP simulator 10/10
game-hours: 107.3
review: You either get your butt kicked or live long enough to be called a hacker. 10/10
game-hours: 1886.4
review: Nice game.
game-hours: 1.1
review: Starts playing the game. Starts to use a sniper Misses a shot Get's votekicked. 10/10 Best kicking simulator.
game-hours: 2732.3
review: Join Publord today.
game-hours: 1289.3
review: This is a great game! Would defintley reccomend it! Just beware you may rage.
game-hours: 618.8
review: I love this game <3
game-hours: 461.9
review: first off gameplay is fun and challenging but after playing constantly gets a bit bland. next up the real reason im writing this is for the skin system, i hate it like its horrible and people have lost to much money on it, i havent been trading for a while and my knife which was 250 is now 200, prices drop and theres a huge "market" crash right now, just a message dont get into trading please save yourself.... skins arent worth it
game-hours: 466.5
review: -fun multiplayer: Check -guns: Check -hours of gaming: Check -Are most cs:go players mature: Nope -Are most cs:go players fair: Nope -Will traders try to scam you out of your items: Check -Is it still worth it: CHECK x 10
game-hours: 733.7
review: It's Counter Strike, the best FPS game to ever exist. Played CS since 1.5 days, took a long break between 1.6 and Source but couldn't resist the urge to come back and play. Classic maps, great gameplay, and I actually like the new addition of skins, stickers, etc. They bring a new dimension to the game that I believe many ppl enjoys. Highly recommended to anyone that enjoys playing FPS games. It's priced at a VERY FAIR price of $14.99, too.
game-hours: 556.7
review: Counter-Strike is one of the best games out there that you can purchase. It does bring back all of the stuff from CS:S but it adds many more features. It brings you many more gamemodes that can be fun, But Challenging as well. They also Brought in Camos which is very unique. And this game has been out for a Year, and it Still Updates every Week. Like the CZ75 just came out last week and there is a New Pass forgot the name but a New pass just came this week, it get's updated Constantly so it won't get boring Anytime soon. Also not just that, you don't need a Full Blown gaming computer to play this game. I use an i3-3227U 1.9 GHz and with Intel HD 4000 Graphics and I can run this game perfectly fine. I play at 1366x768, Anti-Aliasing off, Motion Blur:Off, and Shadows and Global Shadows turned all the way down and I manage to get 30-70 FPS. So if you don't have a Gaming computer but you want to play a Game where it doesn't drop below 30 FPS, This is a Game for you. It's worth buying this game, it's challenging and fun, It's worth it.
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.6
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2870.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 202.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 767.5
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 852.2
review: Do I recommend this game? Yes, in the most ironic way possible. Counter Strike is not your traditional First Person Shooter. But by golly, is it one of the best. What I love about this game is the fact that running around and spraying doesn't work AT ALL. Sorry Call of Duty. If you do that, you won't even get a single hit on your target, just a shot to the head and not a second thought. This game revolves around coordinated team work, and if you don't have that, you are NOT going to win a single match. Being good at shooting will only get you so far. This game is best played with a group of friends to form your own 5 man team because sitting on Skype or any other third party voice communication program with 5 people you know is a lot easier than holding a key to talk to people you don't know. But, the beauty of this game is that most of the time you have to learn to stratagize with people you have never talked to before, and that is really cool. Everyone wants to win, so everyone works together. Of course, there are always some people who team kill, don't work with the team, or just spout "OMG HAX" everytime they die. But don't let these few people scare you away from this game. It is the most fustrating, yet sastifying FPS I have ever played. Each day I get better at it, and each day I enjoy it more and more. Only about 50 hours in... and lots more to go to be a Global Elite. In summary; CS:GO requires practice, team work, and patience. But when you start getting the hang of it, by damn is it a great time. No matter how angry it can make you, it's a whole lot of fun.
game-hours: 801.6
review: Fun game to play with friends, competetive is great!
game-hours: 461.3
review: So Fun !!!!!!! WOW
game-hours: 523.8
review: This game is amazing, i dont know how i haven't got bored of it yet. i guess its just the feeling that im always getting better and that there is so much to do :D
game-hours: 674.0
review: Awesome game, 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 733.5
review: 100% Livesteal I played CS 1.6 since 2004 and 10 years later CSGO was the most awesome game for me :D
game-hours: 227.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 1035.2
review: Such Counter Very Strike 10/10 m8
game-hours: 1118.5
review: where virtual knifes cost more than real ones...
game-hours: 779.2
review: YOU CAN POTENTIALLY MAKE THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS THROUGH THIS GAME. YOU CAN ALSO LOSE THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS BY OPENING CASES. I SOLD MY CAR FOR A KARAMBIT KNIFE. WORTH IT. 11/10
game-hours: 2288.5
review: Best game ever !
game-hours: 108.7
review: Its K
game-hours: 153.2
review: AWP Simulator 2012. I like it. Virtual knives that cost more than real knives, stickers that cost as much as they do in the real world, and weapon skins worth 10 cents and let everyone know you are good. This game has everything you never knew you wanted out of a game.
game-hours: 259.8
review: Best FPS you can play. One of the most addictive games. Love it <3 :p
game-hours: 807.1
review: Best Blaming Simulator 2014
game-hours: 527.5
review: 12/10 - IGN "It's alright"
game-hours: 1026.4
review: Get banned every week for a week, 10/10.
game-hours: 2414.4
review: CS:GO is probably one of the best games on steam right now. Great community, fast gameplay and a guaranteed good time!
game-hours: 27.1
review: dis game rox ur sox off!!!1!! m8 1v1 me nao
game-hours: 75.3
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 437.8
review: The game is unforgiving at first, with a steep learning curve. But after playing and watching other players you will learn what works and good tactics. Your first matches will be all deaths, but eventually you get called a hacker. 10/10
game-hours: 903.3
review: The recent installment of one of, if not, the greatest competitive FPS games ever created. If you know CS from past installments then you'll fit right with CSGO. If you're completely new then good news, CSGO has helped create a balanced and fun game for all skill ranges from people that are brand new and for those of us that have been playing CS competitively since long long ago. Highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 73.0
review: Man, where to begin. This game... Is unbelievable. I may have only played it for a short 40 hours, but my time with this game has been astonishing. The maps are incredible. The gameplay is smooth even on lower level computers. There are hundreds, no, THOUSANDS of skins for the twenty-some different weapons, so there is plenty of variety. There is also FIVE different gamemodes for picky players. There are a few cons, however. There is a steep learning curve for new players. It took me at least thirty of my forty hours to actually get half-way decent, and a single week without playing destroyed most of that skill. Keep in mind that this game has been out on the market for over FIVE YEARS. There WILL be people a LOT better than you, so don't be discouraged in the first few hours. The other problem is the skins. I know that I made a point of saying that they are a good thing, but you have to pay for them. Yes, you do earn skins in drops, but after playing this game for forty hours, I have gotten two cheap skins. TWO. Another way to get skins is buying crates. The crates are pretty cheap, usually six to twelve cents. The keys needed to open the crates, however, are usually around $2.50 for a one-use key. The only efficient way to the skins is on the Steam Market, where they are much cheaper per skin. That's just about it for my long-winded speech. If you read this all the way through, congrats and thanks. I hope it was helpful. See you in game!
game-hours: 116.2
review: Amazing Game
game-hours: 199.0
review: Learing basic russian with , blyat for several games
game-hours: 957.0
review: Great way to toss more money at GabeN. 10/10.
game-hours: 840.0
review: Skins are addicting... Why you do dis Valve?
game-hours: 179.6
review: Gets points for killing chickens 11/10 Gets called a hacker because a lucky shot kills a guy through a smoke 11/10 Buys a gun for x20 the price using digital currency 11/10 Buys a digital knife using actual money for 20 11/10?
game-hours: 1227.7
review: Rage Simulator 101. With the occasional aimbots/triggerbots and wallhacks. Also with cosmetic market transactions that cost more than real life things. 10/10 Valve. Will buy this again.
game-hours: 143.9
review: BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM !!!
game-hours: 413.5
review: Aced the team got called a hacker 12/10
game-hours: 104.6
review: yes it's good
game-hours: 565.1
review: Great graphics, gameplay, development, and the best part is... You can get TONS AND TONS of money off of it :3
game-hours: 79.4
review: Internetpeli of the year) Ez Internetkatka
game-hours: 522.0
review: I can climb ladders and surf using my ribcages 10/10-ign
game-hours: 416.8
review: An FPS with MMO-style drops and items. This game does a lot of things right, and a couple things wrong (casual play is slightly skewed by an overabundance of the cheesiest sniper rifle ever put in an FPS), but all in all it's fun and addictive and a great way to hang out with your friends. 400+ hours in a game that cost me $4. It's hard not to recommend a game which presents that kind of dollar to time ratio.
game-hours: 393.8
review: Great FPS with a unique over-arching game mechanic (Terrorists Vs Counter-Terrorists) that is quite fun, and most of the time requires lots of strategy to be implemented. I've shot more chickens than players. 10/10
game-hours: 400.2
review: 10/10 would suck my finger
game-hours: 1689.5
review: Strategy, Teamplay, Dedication and fun.
game-hours: 352.4
review: you can shoot teammates in competitive mode
game-hours: 601.1
review: In this game you are a Terrorist or an elite Counter-Terrorist who has never fired a gun in their life before a round starts. You must help your character learn how to control their guns while killing enemies. The Goddess of Guns can materialize guns in your characters hands a few seconds before a round starts. However, your character must pay for the guns, which have vastly overinflated prices. When you have the right amount of money, the Goddess will flash a menu in your character's eyes, allowing them to select the guns they want. More advanced users can make guns materialize out of thin air with their mind as long as they have the right amount of money. Maps are often about evil terrorists trying to bomb deserted places. Vandalism is a very serious crime in the Counter-Strike series, so elite Counter-Terrorists are deployed to stop them. Unfortunately for the Terrorists, they are dumb and only packed one bomb. However, the Counter-Terrorists do not know how to pick up a dropped bomb, so the Terrorists can still pick it up after it is dropped by a fallen friend. In some maps, the Terrorists have kidnapped a janitor and low-level desk jockey in a building. The Counter-Terrorists have been deployed to save one, not both, of the hostages. In reality, this is just a thinly-veiled excuse for the Counter-Terrorists to murder the Terrorists while pumping rounds into invincible hostages. One weird thing about hostage maps is that you can purchase a "Hostage Rescue Kit", which somehow gives you the ability to put a grown man on your shoulders in a second. Perhaps it is a spell scroll that allows hostages to hover to your character's shoulders. When your character wears a kevlar vest, every part of your character, except the head, are made out of steel. Therefore, the only way to quickly kill people is to shoot them in the head. This can be annoying at first, but you will soon get used to shooting a small smudge of pixels on top of a character's body. Overall, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a surprisingly solid game about people with the worst gun handling abilities ever seen on Earth. Even though your characters have the aiming abilities of someone with Parkinson's disease, you have many tactical options that make the game very fun and dynamic. It's worth picking up and I highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 48.7
review: once almost got a knife, i then cried for three days straight 10/10
game-hours: 255.7
review: I just wasted $3.52 on useless skins that don't improve your skills or weapons at all. I love this game.
game-hours: 404.5
review: Just as great as Counter Strike : Source, a very huge improvement and has alot of fun.
game-hours: 2231.4
review: ^.^ My CS:GO life Pros: My videos are funny, watch them (some tutorials as well) Cons: Wasted 3,000 hours of my life People think I'm lying when I say I'm Eagle I get trashtalked hard (for no reason) Noobs playing on iPGN now Noobs playing LANs too Season 9 Ended, my stats got deleted I wish I played in Season 8 I only achieved rank 28 in Australia, not even top 20 I couldn't make it into professional league Noobs in professional league I lost $200 thanks to Steam's 15% market tax chocolat rekt me in 1v1 back in 2013 ( I went easy on him ) my noob irl friend went 1:16 to me in 1v1 in 2014 ( ZZZ ) Voxe never played solo PUGs when I played DTK Servers crash too much L33T Servers are for noobs with dual titan blacks and optic fibre who can actually handle the server Seriously though, L33T Servers filled with noobs these days anyway My L33T GameMe rating was only 12k Surf Servers kicked me for noscoping too much I got OW banned on my smurf for being to hardcore (80 kills silver comp) I sold hacks to people, it was actually just r_drawothermodels 1 and weapon_accuracy_nospread 1 I spent $800 on gaming peripherals and $1400 on a toaster without a keyboard People trashtalked my teams for being weab teams (KaT, Takoyaki) alpha Legion is trash (bunch of hackers, still showing off about 10:16 to NiP, after 3/5 lineup banned) Lost $0.03 on iThrowGames VS NetDDoSCode Too many of my friends quit this game I got trashtalked hard by Zen Zen and his buddies (who were pretty decent ranks for some reason, I'm sus) I've lost too curvebots and triggerbots at least 5 times I've beaten wallhackers, who then decided that wallhacking in real life is more fun and I got rekt while walking on the street Overall, 69/10 game would uninstall anytime
game-hours: 693.7
review: Very amazing game, 9/10. If starting out new kind of hard to learn but other than that just amazing.
game-hours: 483.8
review: Get called a hacker on a daily basis, or die trying.
game-hours: 468.2
review: this game dam good
game-hours: 818.1
review: This is one of the best games in steam ! Buy It !
game-hours: 155.5
review: fk gabe lol i hope ill be professional csgo players in my ing dream.
game-hours: 1333.0
review: They call me a hacker
game-hours: 488.0
review: Good game
game-hours: 1828.3
review: 1.6 > csgo
game-hours: 699.1
review: Played this game for a little bit but so far is seems fine
game-hours: 93.4
review: 10/10
game-hours: 952.9
review: Amazing Game ... Can't get enough playing it !
game-hours: 341.2
review: Valve Softwares has done it again! With the collaboration of Gabe Newell and his son, Justin Bieber, they have reached a new standard of PC gaming. A classic mix of sitcom blend with a hint of romance. Gabe Newell presents you one of THE best romance storytelling of all time. With reviews from IGN and PCGamer rating it 10/10, there's really no choice BUT to buy this game. If you want a nice time where boys can be boys and where life is like a box of chocolates, the Global Offensive franchise will definitely pique your interest. After 10 years of development, hopefully it will have been worth the weight. Thanks, and have fun.
game-hours: 400.6
review: good game if you play comp and can find a team to play with. solo queue sucks. feed gaben by opening cases 10/10 would unbox knife again
game-hours: 2128.5
review: best game <3
game-hours: 524.6
review: Stood on top of my teammates' backs and made a flesh tower. Held B site. 10/10 would PP Bizon again.
game-hours: 843.5
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive created by Valve is first person shooter which needs a lot of teamwork to play and win. There have been many CS released such as Source and Condition Zero all I have but have not gotten around to play them yet at the time of this review. The only CS I have played other that GO is Source and comparing them together GO has seemed better from a grahical and easy to use stand point but that is my opinion. CS does not seem to have a campaign and is full on muiltplayer which some people might called that bad but it effects the game none. There are some gamemodes in CSGO like Arms Race, Search & Destroy and Hostage all quite gamemodes to play and really enjoyable. Other than these gamemodes there are to catorgies that the game falls under, Causal where you can just play for fun and Competitive which I find the most fun because people can't leave unless they want to have temp ban which keeps the game fun for everyone. During your time going for headshots and back stabbing afkers after every game you will have a chance like in TF2 to get a item but instead of items there are camos kinda of easy to guess since its made by valve these make the game even better having all different types of camos instead of looking at a bland gun. I rate this 9/10 because some points teamwork is a advantage and make you work with your team to win also is great fun to play. I do think 11.99 is a bit much but i defently got my money out of it even if your not a big first person shooter.
game-hours: 429.5
review: Just awesome game.
game-hours: 311.6
review: AMAZING< YOU GET SHOT ALOT AND BANNED!
game-hours: 1579.0
review: Game has chickens 11/10
game-hours: 947.8
review: Played so well, Isis tried recruiting me. 11/10 Got me a job
game-hours: 2852.8
review: either a scrub, or a cheater. one in every 38 games is a close and fun game. 11/10 would recommend muting everyone
game-hours: 529.9
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10 xD
game-hours: 884.1
review: Well, good classic cs with new graphics and stuff. Adding competive as opinion when finding games were good idea. Decluding kids with micspam and crying about hacking and hackers themselfs, this game is really fun to play as competitive game.
game-hours: 36.0
review: Best Counter Strike ever! So fun to play with friends. This game is not like run & gun, you have to play it with tactics. I recommend to buy this game!
game-hours: 1535.6
review: nice
game-hours: 563.1
review: This is a game where you win by using the  ing auto sniper.  built. They nerf the CZ-75 but not the 2 shot semi-auto sniper.  you Valve.
game-hours: 1400.2
review: Swag
game-hours: 312.4
review: at mede may raytaded'
game-hours: 840.5
review: If you're a fan of the counter strike series, then this is a must have game.
game-hours: 1052.0
review: If you play, you stay.
game-hours: 1013.1
review: 10/10
game-hours: 830.1
review: It worths the money you paid on this game.
game-hours: 926.1
review: BS THAT GUY IS ONLY GETTING HEADSHOTS
game-hours: 17.6
review: What can I say, really? It's Counter Strike. Play it, kill people, rage when they kill you, then blame it on the lag.
game-hours: 983.8
review: in love this game <3
game-hours: 1092.3
review: Poprostu bij-zabij nie wahajc si ani chwili! Szybka akcja bez zbdnych wodotryskw. Polecam bo naprawd wciga!
game-hours: 304.8
review: You can kill a chicken. 10\10
game-hours: 1403.3
review: Counter Strike: Global Offensive is a good fps game that may be hard at first especially if it is your first fps game. There are a few reasons it is hard, I find it hard because it is difficult for me to aim with no iron or attached sights because I am used to Call of Duty. It is also difficult to learn the different spray patterns of the guns that are available for use. There are a lot of things that you can learn ingame by hours and hours of playing, I mean I have played 800+ hours and I still can't use the ak properly xD. I definitely recommend that people give this game a go, I have enjoyed my experience so far.
game-hours: 682.5
review: This game has learned me the russian langugage like no other. After only one hour playing time I could understand and write most of the abusive words in russian. After two hours I could speek even buisness-russian fluently. After 2 days of playing and playing I got a russian ID and a russian Family I also took over the russian traditions and can walk in undees through deep snow. I fully am a russian right now. XD  ,      ,
game-hours: 285.6
review: good game
game-hours: 634.7
review: Great game! Been playng since the release, been playing CS since CS:S. I mostly play competitive. And the ranking system is ok. I think it could be more "user friendly". By telling the player how close or far from ranking up or down. The only frustrating thing I've came across is SMURFS and wall hackers.
game-hours: 709.3
review: No minisentries 10/10 game of the year
game-hours: 601.1
review: In this game you are a Terrorist or an elite Counter-Terrorist who has never fired a gun in their life before a round starts. You must help your character learn how to control their guns while killing enemies. The Goddess of Guns can materialize guns in your characters hands a few seconds before a round starts. However, your character must pay for the guns, which have vastly overinflated prices. When you have the right amount of money, the Goddess will flash a menu in your character's eyes, allowing them to select the guns they want. More advanced users can make guns materialize out of thin air with their mind as long as they have the right amount of money. Maps are often about evil terrorists trying to bomb deserted places. Vandalism is a very serious crime in the Counter-Strike series, so elite Counter-Terrorists are deployed to stop them. Unfortunately for the Terrorists, they are dumb and only packed one bomb. However, the Counter-Terrorists do not know how to pick up a dropped bomb, so the Terrorists can still pick it up after it is dropped by a fallen friend. In some maps, the Terrorists have kidnapped a janitor and low-level desk jockey in a building. The Counter-Terrorists have been deployed to save one, not both, of the hostages. In reality, this is just a thinly-veiled excuse for the Counter-Terrorists to murder the Terrorists while pumping rounds into invincible hostages. One weird thing about hostage maps is that you can purchase a "Hostage Rescue Kit", which somehow gives you the ability to put a grown man on your shoulders in a second. Perhaps it is a spell scroll that allows hostages to hover to your character's shoulders. When your character wears a kevlar vest, every part of your character, except the head, are made out of steel. Therefore, the only way to quickly kill people is to shoot them in the head. This can be annoying at first, but you will soon get used to shooting a small smudge of pixels on top of a character's body. Overall, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a surprisingly solid game about people with the worst gun handling abilities ever seen on Earth. Even though your characters have the aiming abilities of someone with Parkinson's disease, you have many tactical options that make the game very fun and dynamic. It's worth picking up and I highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 48.7
review: once almost got a knife, i then cried for three days straight 10/10
game-hours: 255.7
review: I just wasted $3.52 on useless skins that don't improve your skills or weapons at all. I love this game.
game-hours: 1832.1
review: Best FPS game I've ever played.
game-hours: 2365.6
review: This is extremely hardcore, skill-based combative first-person shooter and it force you think differently then other modern shooters. The evolution of old maps on CS:GO is pretty impressive. If you've played Counter Strike before, CS:GO simply to modernize the look of the classic CS and new combat items. Happy Fraggin'
game-hours: 37.3
review: Killed a guy with a sniper 8ft. away from me "HACKER YOU HACKER IM REPORTING YOU" This went on for 20 minutes... 11/10 Would hack again...
game-hours: 466.8
review: Best Gun game iv'e seen! :)
game-hours: 134.4
review: Chickens,Angry Russian kids,Knives for over $100 and getting screamed at by your team. 10/10 would recommend to family and friends.
game-hours: 215.4
review: s u k a, k u r w a, blyat! Nice place to meet with russian kids. hue hue hue
game-hours: 103.6
review: You can throw your gun at people. Best game 10/10
game-hours: 529.3
review: This game is amazing!!
game-hours: 828.3
review: No game is perfect. 10/10.
game-hours: 1315.4
review: CsGo CsPro 10/10
game-hours: 376.0
review: What to say about this game, everything is on a much higher level than CS 1.6, you can't compare that two games at all. Playing it everyday, mostly 95% in competitive matches with my friends. Recommended.
game-hours: 378.1
review: I always thought that Counter Strike was just some sort of Call of Duty game that was stuck in the past. But wow was I wrong. Call of Duty is for those who like it easy. CS is for those who want to feel like they actually accomplised something. Call of Duty = League of Legends Counter Strike = Dota PLAY THIS GAME NOW.
game-hours: 1502.4
review: "Yeah Yeah, and that's about all it's worth mate, the ing little tick of energy in your brain, that wouldn't be enough if you convert it into ing petrol, to power an ants motorcycle around a one pence piece, you peice of .
game-hours: 265.5
review: Just like 1.6 but with better looking graph. :)
game-hours: 287.4
review: Hackers PALACE 6 STAR'S "HACKING HOTEL" !
game-hours: 388.6
review: One of my favourite games.
game-hours: 1050.9
review: realy nice, full of scrubs
game-hours: 104.6
review: Very Fun and Balance Game. You just need to practice your aim to not get kick at competetive. Keep playing casual til you think that you can play in competetive mode. AK-47's 1 tap headshot is OP,Valve Please don't nerf the AK!!! Verryyyy Fuuunnnnnnn Gaaaammmmeeeeee..
game-hours: 429.1
review: hacking simulator 2014. very fun game to hack in because you cant get banned for it recommended for all hackers -5/-5
game-hours: 1757.7
review: From a competitive standpoint it's the best shooter on the market with a thriving community that will be around for many, many years. If you want a team-based game with tight and hard to master mechanics this is the game for you. If you want a fun FPS to play deathmatch on for a few hours I would recommend the latest iteration of Call of Duty or Battlefield.
game-hours: 48.3
review: .     1.6  ,  ,   !
game-hours: 1489.1
review: Fentastic <3
game-hours: 1681.6
review: One of my favorite games, I play it every day. One of the only FPS i like at the moment. It's really fair, if you die it's most likely your own fault and not by some cheap killstreak reward. Love the competitive matchmaking. It also has dedicated servers with most of the mods from Source. If you like CS it is a must buy. If you are not really good at shooters it can be fun to play arms race, deathmatch and other random custom gamemodes. Can be really hard to get into though, but the game has ranks that will match you with opponents with the same skill level. If you put some time on it you will improve quickly :)
game-hours: 302.6
review: Lol :l
game-hours: 591.8
review: I like this game and I highly recommend it to others because im cool like that.
game-hours: 327.5
review: This game is so addicting! It's got such a different engine compared to other FPS games, so it's really unique! I'd say this is the best teambased game out there. And nothing beats the adrenaline rush when in a clutch situation... Nothing.
game-hours: 47.6
review: Buy guns, Kill people, Die, wait for game to end, Do it over again. 10/10 Would recommend
game-hours: 272.6
review: By far best shooter i've played in a while! Would truly recommend this to anyone that likes fps games
game-hours: 522.6
review: Great Game, I will assure you this game is worth the buy. Just learning the game and playing it for the first time is the best feeling in the world
game-hours: 559.8
review: Must Play 2
game-hours: 1422.2
review: Ruined my taste for other games. F#ck this game/10
game-hours: 575.7
review: I mostly love this game because of the new COMPETITIVE mode. If you want to know more about it, read the first paragraph. If you want to know about every other game modes, read the whole review :). With the Competitive game mode, Counter Strike became one of the most interesting, intensive and thrilling FPS game. Competitive game mode is about to play 5v5 matches with your team where you need tactics, skills and knowledge of the game, maps and spots. There are a maximum of 30 rounds / competitive game. The team that wins 16 rounds will Win the whole match. If your team wins, members of the team climb up on a virtual ladder. Winning more and more matches may get you better ranks by the time and with ranks of course, harder enemies in the future matches. When you are playing Competitive mode, every step, move and shot matters. A fault can easily loose you a round out of the 30 or a better shot or lucky move can get a win for you and your team. Even it makes pressure on you to prove your skills, you have to stay calm to be able to do your best! Play it with friends, make a clan, and create one of the best team or just solo queue for the matches you will enjoy the game (except when you get bad team mates with zero tactics). The second new game mode is Arms Race. Still you can select what team you are in, but it isn't really matter. There are Arms Race specialized maps (unfortunately only a few) where you start with an SMG and every kill brings you a new weapon. You have to be the fastest to fight yourself through every weapon and get a kill with every one of them. The last one is a knife (golden knife in this game mode). If you manage to get the kill with the knife before anyone else you win the match. This game mode is fast-paced and excellent for some fun, and stress beating. The 3rd one is the Demolition mode. You can play the classic game on smaller maps with only one bomb site combined with the element of Arms Race what means every round you get frag makes you jump on the next weapon in the next round. Ofc there is the old game mode, called CASUAL where you play the classic maps with huge teams and there is a DM where you can select what weapon you want to play and then go and kill the enemy team members until the time goes down and the round ends. I recommend this game for every FPS player. You can play DM or Arms Race if you want some brainless shooting, Casual or Demolition for short time playing/casual play ofc, or Competitive if you have more time to play and not scared for some team work, thinking and ranking ;).
game-hours: 180.9
review: A very tactical game that offers a good experience for playing with friends and making friends all around the world. By far one of the best FPS that I ever played.
game-hours: 256.6
review: Quite a fun game, has it's ups and downs but I think it's more of a good game than a bad game. First of all, the game is very tactical and is filled with alot of different ways to play, but the most important part in the game is TEAMWORK. The game is best played when you have a couple of friends with microphones. The Competitive System in the game is quite fun. Matchmaking isn't terrible, no netcode problems, and really I have nothing bad to say except for the community. The Community of the game isn't harsh, but sometimes you may meet with some people which will be a little "y" throughout the game and may ruin your whole multiplayer experience. Overall, the game is wonderful and amazing, I personally enjoy it and recommend it to those FPS game lovers, THOUGH BE WARY that the aim in this game is nowhere like any other game, you don't have recoil but the ammount of bullet spray may get a little too much when you spray you gun rather than burst firing. Brilliant Game, Great Competition, Tactical Online Experience.
game-hours: 348.9
review: UMMM ITS A GOOD WAY TO GET STEAM FUNDS IF UR BROKE LIKE U CAN GET 6 PENNIES EVERY WEEK ITS LIKE HITTING THE JACKPOT
game-hours: 117.9
review: A really nice FPS for a good price.
game-hours: 13.3
review: What to write as a review for this game... Well, I started playing cs:go just a few days ago with my bf and so far I have been called: f'ing idiot, r3tard and they even unsuccessfuly tried to kick me out of the server lol I never knew that only macho guys with tiny d!cks played this game >.< They all seem to think they are pros, even though, they know, for a fact, they're playing with/against noobs who are trying to learn and improve. Oh and did I mention they sure as hell can't play with girls?! What a bunch of cavemen m0rons. So yeah, I hope you find this helpful.
game-hours: 315.3
review: 10/10
game-hours: 187.8
review: meow
game-hours: 611.5
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 689.8
review: The Best Of The All Counter-Strike History. I really Enjoying This Game. If you Bored And Want a New Game You Should buy This Game.
game-hours: 138.9
review: *Spoiler* Dust II:
game-hours: 16.3
review: for 5$ it worth it to fight a gamea where enemy / ally are 30-60% bot because of rage quitter oh and you get To Kill people th at play this 24/7 and see them rage when they die
game-hours: 99.5
review: If you enjoy raging and breaking your keyboard this is the game for you
game-hours: 2435.9
review: Really good game, consistant and great! Never get tired, meet a lot of good guys, and not so good guys Some stuff that would be nice is 128 tick on Competitive, and a Russian Filter.
game-hours: 333.0
review: This game is lots of fun. It's not your typical run and gun CoD clone, however. CS:Go requires tactics, teamwork and lots of skill. I would recommend this game to anybody who likes to play first person shooters. It's worth every cent of the $15 price tag.
game-hours: 1210.6
review: Good game but hard to get used to but in all 8/10 solid
game-hours: 227.6
review: great arcade game for 2015!
game-hours: 166.1
review: Here's a challange for you. Everytime you get to a matchmaking game with a russian, take one shot of . You'll have fun. Definitely.
game-hours: 1425.6
review: bad game
game-hours: 395.5
review: One of the best games i have ever played. There are some anoyying bits here and there, like how you get cooldowns after every 2 games you win if you are unranked or if your computer shuts down and you dont get back in the 3 very very very short minutes then you get a cooldown and if that happens over and over again you can get a 7 day ban. Well other than that it is a fantastic game. I have been playing it for 3 weeks and have had so much fun. Competetive is the best its not like your playing call of duty and you can just play for fun. Most of the time its serious because you are trying to not derank and you are trying to rankup. Overall 5/5
game-hours: 1394.5
review: A very fun game, but high skill curve and it takes a while to learn. I enjoy this game especially for the competetiveness.
game-hours: 252.7
review: Super fun game
game-hours: 382.1
review: Don't shoot anyone or else you'll be hacking. 12/10
game-hours: 1892.8
review: Today I was killed by a smoke grenade.
game-hours: 435.4
review: This game and very fun. The thing i find most intersting is how (unlike other sheooters) you cant just yolo in all by yourself it needs team work! somthing i have been looking for for quite a while in a fast paced shooter.
game-hours: 127.1
review: guns dont kill people i kill people with guns
game-hours: 390.9
review: best chicken simulator 2012
game-hours: 159.9
review: You shall buy this game..... 10/10 would ''Boom Headshot''
game-hours: 431.7
review: CS:GO BEST SHOOTER GAME IN THE WORLD!       ValveThank U
game-hours: 1012.9
review: Russian road rage simulator... with guns!
game-hours: 1164.6
review: I recommend CS:GO to veteran players and beginners alike as the game has a balanced community, you can meet people who are complete s yet find some that are rather tolerant. The graphics are OK for a game that was pretty recent and maps created by the community are also playable. If you're aspiring for an competitive environment this is the place for you!
game-hours: 446.9
review: 11/10 Took leftover money from my pocket :^)
game-hours: 271.6
review: This game is a very fun game to play, has skins , cases to open (which might empty your wallet). You get profit from this game also,while having fun you get case/skins drop you can sell and get other games you want!
game-hours: 631.7
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 1840.8
review: Competitive game with handicap for lows, please add 128Tick.
game-hours: 5.1
review: BOOM! HEADSHOT!
game-hours: 211.2
review: Got this game around christmas bc it was in a bundle. I wanted to try it out yesterday..... I now have 15 hours played. Great Game 8/8
game-hours: 585.4
review: Awesome game. Much better community and aspect of the game than CoD
game-hours: 857.4
review: GODVERDOMME LEUK
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.6
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2870.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 202.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 767.9
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 1292.0
review: Good one..
game-hours: 261.0
review: you kill people, you get money, you buy guns, you kill more people
game-hours: 724.7
review: this game saved my life. i was on my way to worldwar2 when this one tought me to never trust russians.
game-hours: 613.4
review: This game is worth the small amount of money you pay to buy it. Even if 15 dollars doesn't suit your wallet funds then put it into your wishlist and wait for one of the many sales that it goes on. Hours of fun
game-hours: 824.7
review: I hate this game.
game-hours: 1670.0
review: Ruined my life and stole all my money. 10/10 help me please
game-hours: 1143.8
review: Amazing game. The market in this game is very profitable and you could make your money back on the game in just a week or so of playtime.
game-hours: 1001.3
review: ITS AMAZING
game-hours: 1024.4
review: N1 game,etc!!!
game-hours: 1473.0
review: .
game-hours: 748.0
review: I ing hate this game
game-hours: 706.7
review: Let's start off by saying this game is the best one in the CS series. I'd say that CS:GO is a remade version of 1.6, which suits the needs of the current generation - better graphics, stuff is fancy. There is also this gambling aspect of opening cases and betting skins. I really do not know if I like it or not. Some kids get happy over their new stuff when the other kids are crying after losing their whole skin collection in one click. Now, the game itself. There's a new "mode" called competitive. People take this rather seriously. You can play it to get higher in rank - in case you've got what it needs to get there, which means you'll get better opponents when you advance. Remember that you have to be on the same (or higher!) level as your opponents to get higher. You can also play it to realize you belong to the bottom floor. But being on the bottom floor is okay, right? You can only get better.
game-hours: 357.1
review: Of course CS:GO also has the classic server browser, wherein you can browse the servers, search them by tags/maps/player count/ping, regular stuff. Some of these servers also feature funmodes, which you can play when you feel like playing CS:GO but you CBA to tryhard. Most of those servers are noob-friendly. This game gets constant updates, which means tweaks to guns if some are deemed 'overpowered' or 'underpowered', new skins, new operations, new maps, and more. Be sure to have your credit card ready when these things happen, though!
game-hours: 293.7
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive (CS:GO) would have to be one of my favorite games on Steam or out of all Valve games! I love all the Counter-Strike games but when I played this I fell in love at first sight! Such nice gameplay the weapons are beautiful! I love collecting, I love to open up crates and cross my fingers for a good random gun! The game I was really impressed with! The teamwork and stratergy of the game is great as well! The graphics are nice not to bad.... I score this game 11/10
game-hours: 10.5
review: Beautiful world, where virtual knives more expensive their real counterparts
game-hours: 619.3
review: I am Groot
game-hours: 2133.8
review: GET THIS GAME ASAP, YOU LITTLE RASKELS!
game-hours: 223.2
review: i looooove smurfs its a good that they can verify their awesomeness by playing with low silvers. Much skill very good
game-hours: 134.3
review: The game is actually quite fun once you take some time to learn how the game works. At first, it is quite different from all fps due to the insane recoil patterns of the guns. There are only 4 guns to my knowledge that have scopes, the rest are hip-fire so you must rely on your reticle rather than sights to attain kills. Play and you will get better, however many games are luck of the draw. I find myself either being middle-of-the-road in most matches, or somewhere near the top. Of course, there's those comp games that go 16-1 and are infuritating but that is to be expected. This game is quite fun with friends, especially if you have mics to coordinate your attacks. There are a lot of wtf moments but also a lot of kick- ones. If I had a qualm, it would be that the ak is next to god when put in the right hands, but I guess that could be said for any weapon above par. Visuals are nice. Great community maps. Arms race is quite fun, similar to Call of Dooty's gun game but you descend guns rather than ascend which makes for a more even playtime. People I've encountered were mostly mixed, as there were a few douches but also a few cool people. However, if someone decides to be a  in comp it is frustrating as a bot replaces them. Solid 8/10 would recommend. Skins look cool however I wish there were more of them. Friend unboxed a knife 3rd key and I have yet to use a key for this game. :)
game-hours: 896.8
review: -Buy the game - Install the game - Kill 3 man with headshot - Enjoy your ban(on community servers) IGN - 10/10 BETTER THAN BATTLEFIELD PewDiePie 1/1 I just bought this game 4 nothing XDDDD BROS XDDD
game-hours: 639.4
review: Praise our Lord Gabe!! He gave us Skins and the Community Market to spend our hard earned Money for digital Items! 10/10
game-hours: 5444.5
review: GOING TO UNINSTALL THIS THANG!
game-hours: 363.2
review: If you like russians that can't play videogames, you'll love this
game-hours: 25.7
review: i am gay
game-hours: 6.8
review: It's like hooking up with an old ex girlfriend and finding out shes into anal now.
game-hours: 265.4
review: Its amazing
game-hours: 832.8
review: 700 hrs into the game and I have learned 3 new languages, met over 100 boys who banged my mom, and spent $500 on 200 galil sandstorms. 11/10
game-hours: 807.2
review: Ragequit simulator 2015
game-hours: 87.2
review: Readlly Fun. Best Game I ever Played :P xD
game-hours: 1410.7
review: I love it, but im just a hated internet browser. ;D
game-hours: 93.4
review: This game made me realize that I am not the only Russian playing it on Steam, and I found out just exactly how many KIDS, that my mother slept with!
game-hours: 826.6
review: bought van guard campaign, no mention of vehicles to defend
game-hours: 308.5
review: Sold my Scar20- Cyrex, Bought another key, Got an urban hazard. Thanks Gaben!
game-hours: 565.5
review: The true successor to 1.6. VALVe really went out of their way to make sure this game came out the way it did, catering both to the grizzled ancients and newbies alike. The engine feels just right when it comes down to firing your weapon and landing the shots, if not rewarding, but expect to be punished for careless mistakes as it always has been on the series in general. The skill ceiling is a high one, as expected, but the game does its best to prepare you for online play with the increased range of difficulty levels for the bots (with 'casual' being nothing short of a shot gallery rather than an actual bot match) as well as the general course; this last one I think works as more of an introduction to the series than an actual tutorial for those already familiar with the basic game mechanics. While I still remain iffy about the introduction of microtransactions to the series, I think VALVe has done it just right by limiting your purchase of skins to the marketplace (a completely optional feature of Steam in general) and, of course, their infamous "crates" first featured in Team Fortress and relabled as "Cases" for the sake of consistency with the in-game universe. As always, Counter-Strike isn't a game for everyone, but whether you're a veteran to the series or just interested in seeing what the fuzz is all about and make a first break into the games, I highly recommend CS:GO. Also, I apologize for my incessant use of run-on sentences.
game-hours: 359.6
review: better than COD
game-hours: 827.4
review: Great Game
game-hours: 2452.3
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 88.8
review: Puikus grajus
game-hours: 81.1
review: You can shoot chickens with a 7.62mm Sniper Rifle for 1 point. 11/10.
game-hours: 204.1
review: its the greates Counter Strike Yet
game-hours: 1052.0
review: If you play, you stay.
game-hours: 1013.1
review: 10/10
game-hours: 830.1
review: It worths the money you paid on this game.
game-hours: 223.7
review: GG no refund
game-hours: 602.7
review: post2short.
game-hours: 864.2
review: Amazing game but the community of players is one of the worst in any game .......
game-hours: 1707.4
review: Probobly the best FPS for the price that its at, if you are second guessing this game, grab it. Great game. Great Price. 9/10
game-hours: 322.4
review: One day while playing comp. Internet crashes for 1 second And comes back and can't connect back to the server 7 day ban. 7 days later Plays a game with full russian team Gets kicked 7 Day ban. Great 7 day wait Simulator.
game-hours: 818.3
review: - Awful community - Overpriced weapons - Priced weapons - Scammers - Idiots - Trolls - Awful Physics - No nights vision - No Spray tag - People who can't text a single sentence in english without sounding  - Hackers - Kids - No regeneration - Awful gun physics - Awful drop system - Awful rank system - Addicting ( just look at my hours... ) - Overrated + Good way to make money ( loads ) + Good way to make friends + Good way to learn to work as a team + Good way to learn Russian My rating ? 4.3/10 Bad
game-hours: 1590.1
review: Counter-Strike is the video game equivalent to meth
game-hours: 27.1
review: dis game rox ur sox off!!!1!! m8 1v1 me nao
game-hours: 75.3
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 717.9
review: this game is hard like growing up without parents
game-hours: 238.7
review: 10/10  ,      .
game-hours: 233.8
review: This was the first competitive game I've ever properly played and although it makes me rage like  I still love it!
game-hours: 89.3
review: Banter Strike: Globally Offensive
game-hours: 1359.1
review: its fukken gr8 m8 i r8 it 8 outta 8
game-hours: 307.5
review: Once u play this, u can't stop buying skins.  my life. 11/10
game-hours: 851.4
review: It's a huge leap from CS 1.6, CZ and Source, CSGO offers many new things, so buy it!
game-hours: 680.6
review: So many feels
game-hours: 1837.6
review: Addicting. Only play if you're willing to break your bank for some sick skins lol.
game-hours: 141.5
review: its gr8,i r8 8/8 m8
game-hours: 228.5
review: This is one game that you must have in your library!
game-hours: 826.5
review: Super fun game. I payed 7 dollars for it and made that money back in a couple days. Love it!
game-hours: 831.9
review: Good
game-hours: 408.0
review: it is a very fun game at times owever der r times were u regret buyin da game 4 xample wen u get a team filled wiv rage filled kids or 4eigners dat can only say noob swear on me mum da game can also be fun it as lots of unique maps n pretty nice grafics aint even jokin it is optimised n dont 4get da lovely yet useless weapon skins i swear 2 christ i do recomend dis game but der r a few fings 2 watch out 4 m8 one of dem is ur wallet me money flied wen i got cs:go most of it on completly useless skins n cases wich is worst than gablin bruv overall its a fun game i do recomend n dont 4get watch out 4 dem russians wile i bang ur sis
game-hours: 276.5
review: best gaem eva
game-hours: 905.8
review: Love it
game-hours: 677.5
review: This is an awesome game its lots of fun, if for sure a must have :)
game-hours: 1679.7
review: All around great game. My vote is a YES!
game-hours: 1.1
review: Starts playing the game. Starts to use a sniper Misses a shot Get's votekicked. 10/10 Best kicking simulator.
game-hours: 2732.3
review: Join Publord today.
game-hours: 1290.1
review: This is a great game! Would defintley reccomend it! Just beware you may rage.
game-hours: 618.8
review: I love this game <3
game-hours: 265.8
review: perfect game! rec
game-hours: 73.7
review: Pew-Pew-Pew ,missing , you die Pew-Pew-Pew,99 damage, you die Pew-Pew-Pew,100 damage, his team mate comes, you die Pew-Pew-Pew,100 damage,you kill him,the bomb explodes, you die Pew-Pew-Pew,100 damage x3, triple kill ,everyone is happy,you won this round ... the score is 1-15 for your team, you die. Worth it.
game-hours: 1277.1
review: This game is amazing but the ing cooldowns sucks  and there are so many walhackers and aimboters like grig so 30min 24hr and 7day
game-hours: 282.1
review: 10/10 would bang again, put a crap ton of money into it like on an insane level and lost most of it to betting. Cry every time. But still fun to spend all your life trying to rank up.
game-hours: 172.8
review: The game is very strange to me The gameplay mechanics, the maps, the coordination, the matchmaking and the fun past times game modes.....all beautiful. But if because of the people who play it, the game takes the downfall. More and more, people hack and smurf and they are not letting the new begginer players even play the game and going 5 minutes without eating s*it. Valve of course wont be able to 100% fix this for because if they did, fair players would suffer too. So get yourself atleast a 3-man premade team b4 u start anything and pray that no-one bad i waiting for you on the other team. Just cause of the bad community its a 6/10
game-hours: 274.5
review: I hate this game, but I also love it. I'm really terrible at it, but I love playing it.
game-hours: 616.7
review: Its definetely a great game to get!If you don't own this game, I felt sorry for you!
game-hours: 331.4
review: Every game I joined had at least one Russian kid screaming out loud "". It is hilarious. 10/10 it was ok, would play again
game-hours: 221.8
review: EDIT : I just reached the >50hour mark while playing "competitive" matchmaking mode with some of the ventouza squad members, this mode is very popular and i can see why. There's an actual sense of progression when you enter a higher skill group instead of just leveling up as time goes by, everyone should try matchmaking no matter their skill level and wether they are playing with their own team or like to go solo. Everyone can be a lvl 100 schitbucket while playing bugfield 3 for example, you can do it within 400hrs of playtime, 500 or even 900 if you are noob enough :p while playing matchmaking i managed to enter the "master guardian II" skill group after 12 wins ! (my mates still can't believe it lol ) The problem lies within the execution, playing on a 64tick server is more troublesome than it sounds ! especially when you ping over 70-80ms, as i said earlier, everything feels a little bit de-synced during firefights, you can shoot at places where the enemy model has been just 1200ms ago and still score a headshot at long range, CQB has its "man that's total BS !!" moments as well It still feels pretty rewarding when you get to win a match, since the whole MM thingie ( which is the meat and the potatoes of this CSS re-skin ) tries to find you opponents and teammates near your skill level so you will usually play a close "balanced" game instead of experiencing the random skill public server cluster  which is found in almost every other PC multiplayer fps. Soooo, I feel now obliged to change my review from negative to positive ( neutral-positive actually ) peace bros !!!
game-hours: 455.5
review: Best Game On Steam.
game-hours: 772.1
review: one of the best shooting game in the world!
game-hours: 20.2
review: Hartal's Paradise.
game-hours: 1006.1
review: You can rekk cod-kids while they call you "hacker" 10/10
game-hours: 507.1
review: Pew pew
game-hours: 330.8
review: ..._...|..____________________, , ....../ ..---___________----_____|] GOOD JOB VALVE! ...../_==o;;;;;;;;_______.:/ .....), ---.(_(__) / ....// (..) ), ----" ...//___// ..//___// .//___// This game has great graphics in my opinion. Unlike some other first person shooters(COD) there is much tactic that goes into playing the game. But overall, it is a very fun game.(unlike COD)
game-hours: 1434.1
review: I had to sell my parents for money to buy more skins, but overall its pretty good.
game-hours: 869.7
review: Makes me want to kill myself and uninstall every time I play it. 10/10
game-hours: 834.2
review: Good Game 10/10
game-hours: 915.0
review: Amazing game. This game has caused me to waste 600 hours of my life but I don't care because it is very fun.
game-hours: 1432.0
review: I LOVE THIS GAMEE SO MUCH, a really great game that combines Match-Making System with ranks and expensive skins to buy. Its a real pleasure to play it ;)
game-hours: 1676.4
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is tactical and first-person shooter.Each player joins either the Terrorist or Counter-Terrorist team and attempts to complete objectives or eliminate the enemy team. The game operates in short rounds that end when all players on one side are dead or a team's objective is completed. For most game modes, once a player dies, they must wait until the round ends to respawn. Players purchase weapons and equipment at the beginning of every round with money awarded based on their performance. Completing objectives or killing enemies earns the player money while negative actions, like killing a teammate or hostage, takes money away from the player. Counter Strike 1.6 die so we have now new great game with excellent maps.This is a 're-master' of the classic shooter that you've grown to love. The game remains largely unchanged at its core, as it moves and feels no different than CS 1.6/CS Source when mechanics are concerned. This is a good thing - don't fix it if it ain't broke, right? CSGO is so dedicated to Counter-Strike's aging ideals despite market and trend changes that it brute-forces its way to success. Part of what makes it such an engaging competitive game is that killing in Global Offensive requires a wholly different skill set than other shooters. Everyone is limited to what they have and can see, with little room for character modification or on-the-fly advantages. Running and gunning is a useless play style, even if you've bought a helmet and kevlar that round, to the point that someone standing still is more likely to score the kill. Walking, crouching, or standing are your best bets to reduce the inaccurate spray of machine-gun fire.I love the new look, and feel like I've been infected with a new CS bug - I think it's going to take quite a lot of time to get this one out of my system, but I love this game so play,play and play!
game-hours: 538.2
review: divine
game-hours: 1142.2
review: Prepare to get a gambling addiction.
game-hours: 2218.0
review: rekt my lyfe. skins is all i ned would rek agen 11/10
game-hours: 411.5
review: A great Game even if you havent tryed any of the other counter strikes, hard to learn but whith a bit of youtube itll be fine.
game-hours: 464.2
review: Annoys the  out of you but you still end up playing the game the next day.
game-hours: 1534.4
review: +en hyv peli 5/5 + hyv hitregister +tarvii oikeesti osata ampua et prj korkeemmil rankeilla + Saa bannia jos jtt competivematchin kesken + aseihin saa camoja +tulee uusia kentti usein +paljon pelaajia - ihan aluks vhn hankala pst mukaan varsinki jos on cod tottumus - vituttavia jotkut awi homot :D Arvosana 9,5/10
game-hours: 387.0
review: epic
game-hours: 773.3
review: Amazing game! I reccomend for every steam user to play this!
game-hours: 92.3
review: CS:GO is a great multiplayer online shooter. Even though you cant ADS that doesnt matter, also its a valve game that should be expected. I've put a lot of time into this game and i dont plan on stopping any time soon. The community only seems to grow and playing competitive is a lot of fun since you dont really ever get teammates that troll (from my experience so far). Overall its the best online shooter i have ever played since CS:S.
game-hours: 716.1
review: Best game guys worths the moneys Valve's best work for me :D
game-hours: 1224.8
review: It's ok.
game-hours: 849.0
review: Can climb ladders better than in DayZ 10/10
game-hours: 621.1
review: This Game Lites Recommended for people who like fps
game-hours: 775.6
review: Sick Game Eh Lads. Pew Pew kill the Jews and watnot
game-hours: 109.5
review: good game, very fun and a must buy
game-hours: 1661.8
review: Best shooter game ever
game-hours: 411.6
review: BEST GAME NA
game-hours: 2111.3
review: Pixels > Cars
game-hours: 219.4
review: Great fun, awesome community.(trolls are hilarious!) 5 stars! will flash-bang again.
game-hours: 410.4
review: Just Buy It!!
game-hours: 427.9
review: Best game ever worth the money
game-hours: 1986.0
review: 11/10 ok game and has good water.
game-hours: 995.5
review: Like Skyrim with guns
game-hours: 381.3
review: HANDS DOWN THIS IS THE BEST MODERN FPS OUT THERE :D
game-hours: 1227.1
review: welcome to cs, a game where your a total  for being good at it.
game-hours: 200.0
review: Decent game
game-hours: 351.5
review: BSTA SPELET WOWOWOWOOWOWOWO S HIMLA BRAAA
game-hours: 1156.8
review: good game
game-hours: 407.2
review: This game is one of the most amazing games ever created. You will find yourself losing hours in this game whether it be happily or with a frustrated tone. The game itself is relatively simple; you plants bombs or you try to stop others from doing so. The vast amount of guns helps keep the game interesting(don't use auto snipers in competitive...just don't). Also all guns have alternate skins for the gun so collecting those can be fun to do, but you may end up spending hundreds of dollars on keys and cases, so in my opinion just buying the skin outright is cheaper than opening tons of cases to look for one you want. Overall the game will frustrate you, and please you all in the same hour and you'll always return to it so you should get this game.
game-hours: 873.4
review: I think CS: GO is one of the best FPS games. You can play normal games and you can play competitive games. The competitive games are 5 vs 5 and by playing you get a rank. If you loose much your rank will decrease, and if you win much your rank will increase. You can buy weapons of the Steam Market for Steam Wallet money. You can watch streams of pros and tournaments.
game-hours: 187.7
review: This is a very fun game
game-hours: 1015.7
review: I am not a great fan of PFS Online. CS: GO is my total exception especially because it's my money grabber that feeds my steam wallet with some euros, enough in time to buy games in special deals. Still, you will find the community in this game to be erratic. You'll find nice people in one side and complete  bags in the other, that think they're the best players in the game just for you to find out they're trolling you and cheating hard. If you don't have the stomach consider yourself warned! Play this for fun and be nice to people, if you do that the matches tend to be a wonderful experience and better according to the team's mood, believe me!
game-hours: 2.1
review: Its very fun with an perfect way of Unboxing and getting items gameplay is awesome one of the best i found
game-hours: 496.0
review: Yes
game-hours: 380.2
review: Cunter Stroke: Global Uhfensiv is a strategy oriented moba with mmorpgfps69danknoscop elements. Easy to get used to, and fun for the whole family. Akin to levels of greatness of games such as Silent Hill 2 and Shadow of the Colossus, Coochie Stank: GO has a plethora of interesting features, such as being called a  by children who have not yet learned how to multiply double-digit numbers, being called a  by grown men with jobs and lives (probably not), or using teamwork and strategy to achieve victory in a fast-paced competetive battle of the wits...........NOT. oris Stark: Globular Osprey has a friendly, and intellegent community that will make you feel right at home. I cant tell you how many times my life and my my mothers viginity has been put to risk by the kind and noble souls down at Cordoray Skunk: Giblet Oxtesticle. So come on down, buy a copy! Or why not two or three copies? Everyone else is doing it? So  it! Make sure to buy a  ton of keys so we can have the financial support to make ier variations of well loved maps too! 69/420 would bang.
game-hours: 549.2
review: If this game was a booger, I would pick it first.
game-hours: 766.7
review: Paid 13.99 to learn fluent Russian within a couple of days. Regrets? None.
game-hours: 29.9
review: Russian Class Simulator 2015
game-hours: 350.0
review: I like it
game-hours: 784.3
review: Very Cooool Game
game-hours: 763.2
review: Nice game.
game-hours: 475.9
review: 10/10 got called a hacker within 30 minutes of me playing one last thing screw autos
game-hours: 1222.6
review: Aim Academey
game-hours: 625.3
review: I code dank memes
game-hours: 755.4
review: good game
game-hours: 988.3
review: best counter strike ever 30fps <3
game-hours: 361.7
review: CS: GO stands as a glowing reminder that quality game design is rewarded in longevity and variety. Valve has not only updated the shooter but has completely outclassed its contemporaries. This is Counter-Strike, whatever the format you choose to play it on, and there isn't a higher recommendation than that.
game-hours: 57.4
review: Got shot through all the walls with a headshot by th nova shotgun i whas thinking suicidal bye that point 11/10
game-hours: 493.0
review: 5/5 you gan achieve best gameplay experience by playing with a full team of russians. :)
game-hours: 525.1
review: its JEWISH
game-hours: 557.5
review: *crashes, fixes computer, cooldown. *gets kicked, cooldown. *Exits game, cooldown *Vac all of the sudden doesn't work, kicks, cooldown. *Called a kid a er, was reported, cooldown *PC updates, cooldown *Smell the air, cooldown I would have to say 10/10 cooldown simulator.
game-hours: 491.9
review: cant even play because of the last update... fix ur
game-hours: 903.5
review: 10/10. Would play again.
game-hours: 33.9
review: Truck driver Jack Burton (Kurt Russell) and his friend, restaurant owner Wang Chi (Dennis Dun), go to the airport to pick up Wang's fiancee Miao Yin (Suzee Pai), who is arriving from China. A Chinese street gang, the Lords of Death, kidnaps Miao Yin, intending to sell her as a sex slave. In Jack's big-rig truck, he and Wang track the Lords of Death to the back alleys of Chinatown, where they find a funeral procession that quickly erupts into a street fight between the Chang Sing and Wing Kong, two ancient Chinese societies. When "The Three Storms" (Thunder, Rain, and Lightning) appear, slaughtering the Chang Sing, Jack tries to escape but runs over Lo Pan (James Hong), a powerful and legendary sorcerer, as well as the leader of the Wing Kong. Horrified, Jack exits his truck, only to be blinded by Lo Pan, who is merely annoyed. Wang hurriedly guides Jack through the alleys, escaping the carnage and mayhem, but Jack's truck is stolen. Wang takes Jack to his restaurant, where they meet up with lawyer Gracie Law (Kim Cattrall), Wang's friend Eddie Lee (Donald Li), and magician Egg Shen (Victor Wong), a local authority on Lo Pan. They try to explain to an incredulous Jack some of the ancient knowledge and sorcery the Chinese brought with them to America, eventually devising a plan to infiltrate a brothel, where they think Miao Yin is being held. However, the Storms make off with Miao Yin, bringing her to a front owned by Lo Pan. Trying to rescue her, Jack and Wang are quickly subdued by Rain and taken to see Lo Pan, now in the form of a crippled, old man. Wang tells Jack that Lo Pan needs a special green-eyed girl to break an ancient curse, and he intends to sacrifice Miao Yin. When Jack and Wang's friends attempt to save them, they are also captured, and Lo Pan notes that Gracie has green eyes, too. Lo Pan decides to sacrifice Gracie, while making Miao Yin his unwilling wife. After getting the drop on Thunder, Jack and Wang escape, also freeing many women kept in holding cells. Wang and Jack go to see Egg Shen, and, with the help of the Chang Sing, they enter an underground cavern and reach Lo Pan's headquarters. Egg pours each of the group a potent potion that Jack says makes him feel "kind of invincible." During the wedding ceremony, a huge fight ensues, which Jack misses, due to accidentally knocking himself out. Wang kills Rain in a sword duel, while Jack and Gracie try to catch Lo Pan. Wang joins them, and, just when all seems lost, Jack kills Lo Pan, with a skillful knife throw. Thunder, enraged and dishonored at his failure to protect his master, starts to inflate to an enormous size, exploding and killing himself. Jack, Wang, Gracie, and Miao Yin are cornered by Lightning in a corridor, which he makes collapse. Egg rescues them with a rope and kills Lightning, when he tries to follow. After finding Jack's truck, they escape back to Wang's restaurant. Lo Pan having been defeated, the group celebrates in a warm and family-like way: Wang and Miao are obviously about to marry; Margo, Gracie's journalist friend, seems to be about to pair-up with Eddie; and Egg decides to go on a prolonged vacation, saying China is in the heart. Jack, instead of starting up a new life with Gracie, (as everyone was expecting up to that point), begs farewell to the group and hits the open road, with an unknown-to-him stowaway  one of the remaining monsters from Lo Pan's labyrinth.
game-hours: 879.4
review: Ruined my social life that did not exist
game-hours: 219.9
review: Ever played one of those free-to-play shooters with cash shops? Behold, now you can pay $15 for another cash shop shooter! Now, don't get me wrong; the cash shop in this game does not give players an advantage over each other (thankfully). What cheeses me is the fact that we have to pay additional money if we want to enjoy other aspects of our game. I paid $15 for the game and now I need to pay extra for locked content? That's like selling someone a 12 pack of condoms for 15 bucks only to tell the user that they can only use 4 of them. They would have to pay extra for the rest of the condoms. It makes no logical sense - this business practise is plaguing the industry and I can't believe the developers bought into it. It's very disappointing. Now, about the game. It's nothing special, really. You've got your typical Counter-Strike with better graphics. The interface is also improved which is a plus. Gameplay hasn't changed much which is understandable but it's really nothing special. It's pretty much like every free-to-play shooter on the market nowadays. You're better off playing a game like Cross Fire or Ghost Recon Phantoms because it is very similar to those two. No singleplayer, just multiplayer with your default maps. You need to pay if you want more maps. Honestly, it's not worth your money. I'm not saying this out of spite, this is sheer honesty here. I thought I would get more bang for my buck but I was mistaken. 5/10 for me. This game is average.
game-hours: 195.6
review: theres only 3 things players are called, noobs, hackers, and dumbasses. and everyone i mean everyone, is called noob hackers and dumbasses
game-hours: 187.2
review: -Buy for 14.99 -Spend 20$ on crates and keys -Get 0.06$ guns 11/10 would invest again
game-hours: 889.1
review: The Best Counter-Strike Games Ever!
game-hours: 41.4
review: CS:GO Is an Amazing FPS game! You can trade, buy & reward skins. Play with friends and climb yourself to a rank! There are a lot of tips, guides and videos over this game, so it wont be hard to get into this game with no-experience. I recommend that you play a few bot games or until you understand and can perform the basic mechanics such as movement & aiming etc. And you can use those games and take time to customize your own graphic & gameplay settings to your own personal chose. (You can change the difficulty of the bots however, I recommend if you have a few hours played, that you can quite fast move on, to play some games with real people. Because bots will do mostly the opposite of humans.) There are a few game modes at the moment: Classic Casual and Competitive: Is the mostmost played mode. In these modes are both bomb missions as hostage missions a possibility. The intention is to eliminate your opponents, to plant the bomb (as terrorists) or defuse (If Counter-Terrorist). Arms Race: In this mode, the main goal is to eliminate your opponents. If you kill someone, you will be rewarded with the next weapon. The person who kills all players with all weapons is the winner! Demolition: If you kill someone from the other team in this mode, you will be rewarded with a weapon from a predefined set of weapons. Deathmatch: Deathmatch is one of the easiest modes. The idea is that you eliminate the other team. If you kill someone, you get points based on the type of weapon you are using. Who at the end of the 10 minute long round the most points wins. My Metascore: 9.6 / 10.0
game-hours: 261.6
review: You will be addicted to this game, I havent myself.. But it will happen, please send help 8/10 EDIT (12/10/14): Im addicted.
game-hours: 632.5
review: One of the best addictions.
game-hours: 119.6
review: Was called a hacker by a 11 y/o. 10/10
game-hours: 1775.3
review: This Game is so sick
game-hours: 593.1
review: Russian swearing simulator,learnt alot 10/10
game-hours: 274.2
review: Its just great ;D
game-hours: 538.2
review: To the uninitiated: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is hitting an upward stride in the modern military competitive shooter world for good reason. Partially due to its strengths, but also Id argue (not here), due to the state of the game industry. Theres little reason to be a PC gamer and shooter fan and be clueless to this juggernaut. If you have even a bit of try-hard in you and a bit of skill, Id highly advocate absorbing CS:GO like a sponge and saying goodbye to any other shooter you previously thought was relevant. I could go on and on about the honed balance structure; from the economy, to the maps, to the weapons; all asymmetrically tilted to empower skill and enable strategy. But I wont. Take my word for it, its as close to perfect as Ive seen a game get. Dont get me wrong, I can nitpick some things; a few minor fringe gun complaints, 64 tick servers instead of 128 tick, but their patch performance at least shows overall that theyre on the right track. The chief of these points being restructuring maps to play better competitively (something I cant remember seeing in any other competitive fps, ever, maybe in the UT Quake days idk). BUT! Theres a good chance you already knew of this legend. Youve heard the fanboyish cries of devotion and likely thought to yourself Why the hell would someone pay $150 for a gun skin?! The game is that good when you get into the competitive aspect. HOWEVER! I must say for a casual player, especially one who has little to no interest learning competitive, theres not much here for you. There are casual modes, but theyre hard to enjoy knowing more light and care-free shooters are out there to play instead. The casual side of CS:GO is functional and passable, but itll feel like owning a Ferrari and only driving it in first gear, youre really not getting the potential out of the product. But who am I to judge? Perhaps youll get into the gun skin craze too and play the casual modes and have a blast! I doubt it, but hell the game is cheap and goes on practically-free sales every time we turn around, so why the hell are you reading this? Just buy the thing! All the cool kids are doing it!
game-hours: 437.9
review: Got the game and free Russian swear words lessons. Update: I can speak fluent Russian. 11/10 would buy again.
game-hours: 227.1
review: "I can buy this Karambit. If I don't eat for a couple of weeks I'll be okay." 10/10 would risk health in favor of virtual skins again
game-hours: 547.0
review: 3000 hours on dust 2 yet im still playing 10/10
game-hours: 95.8
review: Hurt myself so that people would give me money for keys. PLEASE HELP ME
game-hours: 490.6
review: Awesome game, get it.. Never regret getting it
game-hours: 34.2
review: The first shooter game I bought and its really fun I don't know what a explain is so ill just say I like it
game-hours: 579.6
review: you know I love this game like genuinly do, but I just ing left a game and restarted my computer, and I made it back into the game before the ban, but because I wasn't in the game and playing I got ing banned, it really needs fixing so that when the player clicks reconnect the ban timer stops, because not only did I get 2 ing hour! I got deranked on a game I was banned from what ing fix it.
game-hours: 395.5
review: One of the best games i have ever played. There are some anoyying bits here and there, like how you get cooldowns after every 2 games you win if you are unranked or if your computer shuts down and you dont get back in the 3 very very very short minutes then you get a cooldown and if that happens over and over again you can get a 7 day ban. Well other than that it is a fantastic game. I have been playing it for 3 weeks and have had so much fun. Competetive is the best its not like your playing call of duty and you can just play for fun. Most of the time its serious because you are trying to not derank and you are trying to rankup. Overall 5/5
game-hours: 1394.7
review: A very fun game, but high skill curve and it takes a while to learn. I enjoy this game especially for the competetiveness.
game-hours: 252.7
review: Super fun game
game-hours: 382.1
review: Don't shoot anyone or else you'll be hacking. 12/10
game-hours: 1892.8
review: Today I was killed by a smoke grenade.
game-hours: 435.4
review: This game and very fun. The thing i find most intersting is how (unlike other sheooters) you cant just yolo in all by yourself it needs team work! somthing i have been looking for for quite a while in a fast paced shooter.
game-hours: 127.1
review: guns dont kill people i kill people with guns
game-hours: 390.9
review: best chicken simulator 2012
game-hours: 159.9
review: You shall buy this game..... 10/10 would ''Boom Headshot''
game-hours: 431.7
review: CS:GO BEST SHOOTER GAME IN THE WORLD!       ValveThank U
game-hours: 322.6
review: best game
game-hours: 319.9
review: i dont see the reason for Call of Duty being more expensive than this golden game
game-hours: 1014.5
review: best game evah
game-hours: 1511.2
review: this game stands out from most other first person shooters as on this teamwork is really the key to success, go up thru the ranks as the more time u play the better you get, play with your crosshair size shape colour static dinamic loads to chose from, all the classic css guns with modern csgo skins ... wonderful and highly reccomended!
game-hours: 577.4
review: Skins are love, skins are life. Be prepared to rage at this game whenever someone 1 hit headshots you at the start of a round.
game-hours: 127.0
review: Life in a competitive match Your team: YOU F*CKING SUCK D*CK C*CK MOTHER F*CKER!!!!! You: But I'm trying as hard as I can The one nice person on your team: Then try harder and we can win this The rest of your team: SHUT THE F*CK UP! (To the one nice person) You: Can I be kicked now? Your team: NO YOU DESERVE A BAN IF YOUR ABANDONING US!!!! 69/1 Would buy. But be prepared to be anally , mentally, and physically.
game-hours: 707.7
review: Awesome game! couldn't ask for more!
game-hours: 437.8
review: The game is unforgiving at first, with a steep learning curve. But after playing and watching other players you will learn what works and good tactics. Your first matches will be all deaths, but eventually you get called a hacker. 10/10
game-hours: 903.3
review: The recent installment of one of, if not, the greatest competitive FPS games ever created. If you know CS from past installments then you'll fit right with CSGO. If you're completely new then good news, CSGO has helped create a balanced and fun game for all skill ranges from people that are brand new and for those of us that have been playing CS competitively since long long ago. Highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 73.0
review: Man, where to begin. This game... Is unbelievable. I may have only played it for a short 40 hours, but my time with this game has been astonishing. The maps are incredible. The gameplay is smooth even on lower level computers. There are hundreds, no, THOUSANDS of skins for the twenty-some different weapons, so there is plenty of variety. There is also FIVE different gamemodes for picky players. There are a few cons, however. There is a steep learning curve for new players. It took me at least thirty of my forty hours to actually get half-way decent, and a single week without playing destroyed most of that skill. Keep in mind that this game has been out on the market for over FIVE YEARS. There WILL be people a LOT better than you, so don't be discouraged in the first few hours. The other problem is the skins. I know that I made a point of saying that they are a good thing, but you have to pay for them. Yes, you do earn skins in drops, but after playing this game for forty hours, I have gotten two cheap skins. TWO. Another way to get skins is buying crates. The crates are pretty cheap, usually six to twelve cents. The keys needed to open the crates, however, are usually around $2.50 for a one-use key. The only efficient way to the skins is on the Steam Market, where they are much cheaper per skin. That's just about it for my long-winded speech. If you read this all the way through, congrats and thanks. I hope it was helpful. See you in game!
game-hours: 270.3
review: best game ever said no one ever jk
game-hours: 215.4
review: This game isn't really like COD, BF or even Arma. But, if you can learn how to play, this game might end up being your most played game.
game-hours: 96.8
review: I love playing this game
game-hours: 315.5
review: :3
game-hours: 868.6
review: I recommend this game for it's quality and multiplayer gameplay.
game-hours: 1136.7
review: I spent all my money on skins, i regret nothing.......REGRET NOTHING
game-hours: 276.0
review: +++
game-hours: 302.3
review: If you are good it makes a lot of fun. :)
game-hours: 626.3
review: good game for ever
game-hours: 305.9
review: Great game,enjoyable gameplay,good competitive rules and match setup,nice graphics,no need to have a good pc to play it,awesome skins you can buy if you want,doesnt matter if you have one or not.Buy It
game-hours: 499.1
review: Best online competitive shooter I have played since Socom and CS:S, highly recommended if you are into competitive matchmaking and a challenging online experience.
game-hours: 68.9
review: 10/10 if your idea of a great gaming experience is meeting a plethora of wallhacking russian pre-teens who will scream GG EZ.
game-hours: 101.4
review: Yeah you can complain about cheaters, but i still say i like it more than Cheats of duty. In addition i also like getting punched in the stomach more then being  on. Also Cheats of duty is still , and will continue to  on their consumers like the  it is. I made my point clear..
game-hours: 783.2
review: 1/10 3 out of 6 of my last games had cheaters in them. Nice! (1 point for chickens)
game-hours: 432.0
review: one of the best game's on steam
game-hours: 856.4
review: As a recent master race convert, I have no words to describe how irrtated I am at myself for never owning a Counter Strike game before. Wow, no FPS can currently touch this in terms of the playing field and skill based competition. You are getting owned by someone? They are better than you. You keep getting killed in the same places? Stop going there or shoot better. Use your brain, clutch like a king and ensure you have a headset. A superb competitive game. Thanks Valve
game-hours: 446.8
review: Dis a good game
game-hours: 1267.4
review: To anyone coming from CoD and thinking they can dominate in Counter Strike like you can in CoD, you're sorely mistaken. This game has a much higher skill level, and is extremely difficult at first. However, its so rewarding when you can finally pull off the headshot in only one bullet like everyone else. Buy this game if you want to see how the first multiplayer FPS has evolved.
game-hours: 3487.0
review: Very addicting, always fun to play.
game-hours: 257.0
review: Competitive: Recommended if you like russians, and people screaming at you for not being a CSGO Master. Never played the others, who does?
game-hours: 525.6
review: YOU CAN WIN THE GAME BY SHOOTING CHICKENS 10/10!!!!!
game-hours: 2519.4
review: dont play much, only once a day. From morning till night
game-hours: 92.9
review: 1st round : Started -> Yey i got a new game wowoowow !!!! Finished -> Almost Broke My Mouse !!!! 10 / 10 would do that again.
game-hours: 167.3
review: Killed a chicken and got points. 69/10
game-hours: 452.4
review: this is really an awesome game!! love it!!!
game-hours: 804.5
review: best game ever 9/11
game-hours: 112.2
review: Amazeballs
game-hours: 635.3
review: best game ever!!
game-hours: 476.4
review: Great Game !
game-hours: 138.7
review: Please dont buy i dont want more salt
game-hours: 456.2
review: Can't stop playing this damn game! o.O
game-hours: 918.6
review: Great game, spend countless hours into. Dont get me wrong, when you start to play competitive it can get very frustrating! But they have an awesome ladder/ranking system. Overall. It can be very challenging. Counter-Strike is what makes steam steam.
game-hours: 1507.0
review: Counter Strike : GO is a very fun game to play. I really like how the rank system works but the 64 tick Official Matchmaking servers really aren't that good. Also the other gamemodes like Arms Race, Casual, Deathmatch and Demolition are a lot of fun and if you still don't like them you can also join community servers with custom gamemodes like 1vs1. I would recommend CS:GO to everyone who is looking for a FPS-Shooter thats a bit more advanced then others.
game-hours: 1244.3
review: 10/10 would destroy social life again
game-hours: 304.0
review: I liked this game it was fun a simple task , then I met a mysterious man who showed me the way of gambling and e sports I Hope you like money because you wont end up with any.  you gaben
game-hours: 1600.4
review: Best FPS game so far.
game-hours: 97.3
review: This game is a masterpiece.
game-hours: 938.3
review: <3
game-hours: 895.3
review: gg
game-hours: 570.5
review: This game is great.But if you playing with friends it becomes much better.
game-hours: 512.1
review: Tha is the game that allows you to have fun, play with new and old friends, find new friend, be happy, lose your friend because of the game, talk tactics, play as a team, get Ownd, get ace, get headshott and much more but don't forget it will give you those moment that you will never forget. I give this game a 10/10, for the grafics and how good the maps is!
game-hours: 1729.0
review: Waste so much money to buy skins on this game 10/10 would waste again.
game-hours: 506.0
review: I once owned an expensive knife and AWP. That got me killed in competitive. 4 Times. 11/10 Would play with Russians again.
game-hours: 766.8
review: really great game and a generally friendly community. The graphics are still really sharp. The skins and steam market are also a lot of fun but be wary of scammers there are quite a few, just be smart and get rich, easy.
game-hours: 140.7
review: Great!
game-hours: 577.8
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is an extremely fun game, I've been playing it for countless hours and I just enjoy it a lot. The graphics are nice and simple and you don't have to be good to enjoy the game. It is a very competitive game and I personally enjoy that. I highly recommend this game if you like FPS's and competitive games.
game-hours: 995.5
review: Still one of the most competitive games out there, if you don't have this already, you're missing out
game-hours: 24.8
review: It has every basic element of original game with many more things. Graphics are very nice with no effect on performance. New maps and modes are well designed and fun to play. Overall forget old ones and play this.
game-hours: 761.1
review: This game is cool. You can be Terrorist or Counter-Terrorist. In TT you must plant the bomb on Bombsite A or Bombsite B. In CT you must defuse this bomb to win a round. :)
game-hours: 201.7
review: I finally decided to write a proper review for CS:GO. So... I bought this game within a week of playing my first few games of Counter Strike: Source. I was not disappointed. [h] Will you run it? [/h] Chances are you'll be able to run it... It isn't exactly the most intensive game so you'll probably be able to run it smooth at a constant 60fps with anything built less than five years ago. [h] Community [/h] The community is nice enough and often help you in the form of them raging at you through the mic. Okay... So, the community... Isn't the nicest. Before people rage at me... Not all of the community is so bad, just the minority that can be... Pardon my language... D********... Some people complain about the russians, some of them can be quite annoying... Thank god for the 'block communication' feature but not all scream ' blyat' down the mic. [h] Graphics [/h] If you're looking for a super aesthetically pleasing-Planetside 2 ultra looking game then CS isn't for you... The graphics aren't bad but it's not going to win any prizes either. What I will say is that it's a large jump from Source... Where this game truly shines is in its gameplay. [h] Gameplay [/h] The game is largely skill based, and from what I've played so far, requires a large amount of dedication to learn maps and how to use each of the weapons. If you're coming from COD-like shooters as I did you're going to need to be prepared to spend hours of practice in casual in order to learn spray patterns, smoke spots and other subtle hints which can make a massive difference in competitive play. As I said earlier, the community does help sometimes, most often in competitive however. [h] Sounds [/h] The weapon sounds aren't accurate in the slightest but do however sound pleasing and distinctive which can help in competitive play. Sneaky beaky like... The first time I heard that I lolled<--Nuff said... [h] Overall [/h] A word of warning... This game isn't fun... It's repetitive, boring, really fustrating but  f****** addictive... If you're looking for a game that's fun I'd suggest COD but it doesn't have the same... 'feel' as CS and not near enough rewarding when you get a kill. Overall I'd give it a solid 9/10 just down to the fact that some of the community isn't the nicest at the best of times...
game-hours: 1151.4
review: This game has kept me happy for the past 4 - 5 months , i love this game. I would def. recommend it
game-hours: 2679.0
review: GO is gonna be legendary waitforit :D
game-hours: 89.6
review: The game = 10.99  Knife in-game (CS:GO) = 15.000  Knife in real-life = 10  Best logic 10/10!
game-hours: 499.7
review: This is an excellent fps for anyone who enjoys serious gaming. However, the random bans could be fixed, considering i had not even played a game and got a random 6 hour ban
game-hours: 565.0
review: You'll get so addicted to the competive ladder system.
game-hours: 195.6
review: At first,I thought this game was sh!t. No aiming,no sprinting,and all that. After some time I decided to play it again with a friend,and now I love it :). You need to get used to the mechanics and when you do,you'll get lots of fun and hatred outta it. 11/10 *Posted from a COD player*
game-hours: 330.7
review: what a game!! Epic
game-hours: 1356.2
review: Counter-Strike has always held a special place in my heart, so it may be hard to speak without bias. That being said, if you are looking for a competative First person shooter, this is your game. It is no call of duty where blood distorts your view, its no battlefield with explosions all around you, it is a highly refined competative first person shooter, the phrase "easy to learn, hard to master" could not apply anymore to this game, the controls are simple, the maps are easy to learn, but the tacticts, teamwork, recoil compensation, and economy are something that may take you years to master. The game has a huge competative scene with multiple tournaments with prize rewards in the hundreds of thousands every year. The difficulty of the game, and the rewarding feel of getting an AK-47 headshot are something that never go away, Highly recommend 10/10.
game-hours: 331.3
review: This game is the most addicting game ever its so good everyone should have it
game-hours: 829.9
review: I like shooting things
game-hours: 458.4
review: Best fps in the world ! :)
game-hours: 213.7
review: tft
game-hours: 401.9
review: Good Game
game-hours: 1844.7
review: very good game!!!
game-hours: 14.5
review: GR8 game score 10/10
game-hours: 223.6
review: Kill someone - "ing hacker" Ace in a 1v5 - "ing Hacker!" Survive an AWP shot "Stupid 6yr old hacker" Be generally good for a round "Russian c*nt" Leave a game of Competitive *7day ban* Kick too many people for legitimate reasons *7day ban* 10/10 - Amazing, love the enthusiasm.
game-hours: 739.5
review: Got married to 4 strangers Will play again 10/10
game-hours: 207.7
review: I spawned inside a man's  10/10
game-hours: 1223.4
review: :D
game-hours: 440.8
review: why ban?all you do is ban,if i disconnect and cant reconnect you ban me,thats not supposed to work like that,the f**king game,i got disconnected its fine but i cant reconnect and i get ban,I COUDNT RECONNECT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!,AND YOU BAN ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 57.8
review: Hacker noob camper cod player gg wp gh cheater  russians knifez errythin ...
game-hours: 673.7
review: One of my most played games recently. Although I didn't play the other games in the franchise, Global Offensive hooked me in its simple, yet complex gameplay. The gunplay is remarkably fun and veterans to the franchise will no doubt tell you of the strategy and competitive nature of the game. Semi-easy to learn, difficult to master, and tons of fun to play.
game-hours: 739.6
review: 10/10 would get a Famas | Doomkitty again.
game-hours: 4.4
review: Honestly, I mainly come on here to hear guys swearing in various languages and claiming to have had intercourse with my mother. Oh and to shoot the pretty guns.
game-hours: 776.3
review: great game 10/10
game-hours: 351.0
review: I've been playing this game for quite some time now and haven't made any reviews about it . Well, here is my review . Very good game , good graphics , good online gameplay . Very challenging , good game to play with your friends when you have some spare time. So yeah! Buy the game , have some fun :) It's a pay to play game and not pay to win.
game-hours: 1124.2
review: Hello I've been playing this game for more then 800hours Here a little conclusion Gameplay : 9.9/10 Teamplay : 10/10 Graphics : 9.5/10 Sound : There is nothing much to say :D Overall = Definitly recommend, once you get the hang out of it you wont let go :)
game-hours: 774.6
review: Best  Blyat Simulator 1992.
game-hours: 640.3
review: If you get ever matchmaked with the russians, open up your console and type "voice_enable 0" That really helps ranking up, or you can talk with the chickens... and not rank up.
game-hours: 341.7
review: If you like CSS, I would reccomend getting CSGO. The game is a much fancier, nicer, and smoother version of CSS. The matchmaking in my opinion, is fairly well balanced. The only problems with the matchmaking is purely that people go into groups, with much higher stat guys which can sometimes make the game seem unfair. The UI is simpler, and nicer then CSS. My favorite aspect of the game, while sometimes looked down upon is the inventory system. Yes it has been called "TF2" for having skins, but they are purely cosmetic, and not only that they look absolutely amazing. I talk all the time about how I want that amazing skin, or how I actualyl preffer a gun just because of its skin! Their isn't a billion different guns (Where as hats ya know...) and most of them are obtainable without even spending a dime! StatTrack being my favorite, makes the game a lot more fun, will I get a new skin? Will i be able to sell the skin and save for a cheap game? Secondly I enjoy the simplicity of competitive. I never quite understood how to do comp in CSS, and always played DM or another type of gamemode, CSGO makes it easy! Select competitive! Or, want a different gamemode? Just select it and wait! While waiting doesn't sound the greatest, it is very nice, get a snack, talk, plan, etc. Gives time to think through, and get friends! I rate this game an 8/10 and would deffinetaly get it!
game-hours: 273.0
review: I love this game so freaking much. But I have some ideas for other names Negev Simulator AWP Simulator Auto Sniper Simulator Blame People of Hacking Simulator. But Counter-Strike is good I guess. Buy this game now
game-hours: 168.8
review: Buy Game Get free in-game weapon skins and crates from playing Sell those stuff End up earning more then the actual value of the game Free money and enjoyable game to play Can't go wrong with that.
game-hours: 344.1
review: Just like TF2, CS:GO is another fun and well balanced economy/FPS based game. I personally love the compeitive aspect to it along with the trading of unique skins and knives
game-hours: 767.3
review: After almost a year of owning and playing this game, csgo all of a sudden takes up 1.2GB of memory for whatever reason putting my ping to a constant 500+. If there is a way to fix this please tell me because i am no longer able to play the game. 5/10 due to that.
game-hours: 140.7
review: Great!
game-hours: 577.8
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is an extremely fun game, I've been playing it for countless hours and I just enjoy it a lot. The graphics are nice and simple and you don't have to be good to enjoy the game. It is a very competitive game and I personally enjoy that. I highly recommend this game if you like FPS's and competitive games.
game-hours: 995.7
review: Still one of the most competitive games out there, if you don't have this already, you're missing out
game-hours: 24.8
review: It has every basic element of original game with many more things. Graphics are very nice with no effect on performance. New maps and modes are well designed and fun to play. Overall forget old ones and play this.
game-hours: 739.5
review: Got married to 4 strangers Will play again 10/10
game-hours: 421.5
review: made me hate russians and rekt my wallet 10/10
game-hours: 309.9
review: Hard for new player but I have had fun and made some friends on this path to get out of sliver the players overall are nice friendly people and it's fun to play. Buy the game if you have the time.
game-hours: 256.6
review: If you dont like this game then f**k you
game-hours: 567.2
review: Is my favorite game 10/10
game-hours: 1035.5
review: The best online shooters saga history returns with an addictive great game and renovated with multiple modes and game options. The graphic draws attention especially on maps and are quite varied, recognize old maps with amazing quality graphics. The game is constantly updated with maps, passes, community contributions ... etc, extending the life of brutal game. Highly recommended if you like shooters.
game-hours: 561.3
review: You can name your guns anything you want. AWP= The JFK Experience. 11/10
game-hours: 512.1
review: Straight up as be savage here bruh. as don't care bout your life b. They be some shootas in here I want in my squad 100. I done got killed from spawn 3 times in a row my first game. This game straight cheecks. No perks or killstreaks. FOH I can't even aim down sight when I'm spraying as with my AK. as be running to me with they knife out and  at me when I glock em. SMH  you thought I was gonna do? Snake as be shooting me in ranked just cause I bless they ears with some thugga. On god I seen more virgins in this game then Osama got. Thirst trap real here too sheesh. I haven't seen one chick in this  that don't got a 100$ inventory. Why  a fat chick when I can find a  that can pay my bills with that CSGO money.  Valve making bank rn. as can feed Africa with they inventory.  this game
game-hours: 1952.1
review: This game is FABULOUS >.>
game-hours: 898.3
review: You get this game, and for a while, you suck. then, you start getting better and better, until you reach the point where you play competitive. Then, you realise you suck all over again. 10/10
game-hours: 1308.1
review: people are more attracted to virtual things than the real ones. they will buy a karambit fade instead of going on holiday or something like that 10/10 would buy a karambit fade than going on holiday =D
game-hours: 78.0
review: Never played this thing. My 1st hour of playing was discovering how to buy grenades, now I can kill people with boom.
game-hours: 401.9
review: Great game! Such co-op Many lives Awesome graphics So wow So doge
game-hours: 335.2
review: Best way to learn russian. 10/10
game-hours: 500.5
review: It Has chickens in it!
game-hours: 1373.1
review: I have enjoyed Counter Strike since Source. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a really nice game, I had much fun with it. I really recommend this game to any First Person Shooter Fan.
game-hours: 343.0
review: Good game to play at the airport.
game-hours: 707.1
review: 2/10
game-hours: 740.4
review: This game is truly a masterpiece; it provides hours of fun weather you are playing alone or with friends. It has a competitve stage for people who really just want to play to win and there are tons of community servers with different mods and gamemodes. The game also has skins, which change the appearence of you weapons in game. You can get these skins by random chance at the end of each game or open up boxes for a chance at different skins for a fee; these skins can then be sold on the steam market for real money or traded for other skins. While this game is amazing it also has it's cons; there is a notable amount of hackers in the game, even though valve is trying it's best to keep them out of the game they are still there. But that is the main con, of course the game has some glitches here and there but the hackers are really the main issue. Even with it's cons this game is really amazing. 9/10
game-hours: 1560.2
review: This is a great team game. If you have four friends, and you want something to do to pass 30-60 minutes, then go play competitive mode, which will put you with people of similar skill level using a ranking system. It has better graphics(which i doubt anyone really cares about but it's nice,) it has new weapons from CS:S, It keep bunnyhopping, (but it's much more difficult) and it's an all around great team game. I definitely recommend it as it has stolen 800 hours from my life as of writing this. EDIT: At 1,200 hours taken away from me, it's amazing ;w; EDIT 2: my friend killled the last guy, he found an awp, i tk'd him because i wanted it, the whole time he was screaming NONONONONO and i picked it up and he yelled WHYYYYYYY and i said "i wanted it" and then he asked for it back and i walked to my site to watch and he tked me and got banned, i swapped to the bot to find the awp, my other friend went to go get it, i killed him and got banned rip 1.5k hours
game-hours: 49.2
review: And I thought Brasil whyned a lot in soccer matches
game-hours: 829.5
review: Possibly one of the best fps games on the market.
game-hours: 211.3
review: i could make love to this game 10/10
game-hours: 1321.6
review: Nothing compares to CS 1.6, But this game is almost good
game-hours: 930.4
review: Why i can't rank up: Russians Teamkillers Squeakers Trolls Hackers (from the other team) Internet problems 4,20/10 Best geim,worth buying :)
game-hours: 416.0
review: i payed a lot for this game and its worth it
game-hours: 660.5
review: Very competetive, love this game a lot. Although sometimes it's rage inducing. Still, for a game like this, I'd definitly pay for it! Recommended
game-hours: 1275.7
review: Best game i ever played! :) Best FPS game. -Go pro EZPZ
game-hours: 264.9
review: Game awesome as hell guyse.
game-hours: 315.0
review: amazing game
game-hours: 1180.2
review: If you're interested in shooters definetly buy this game. Extremely cheap and long lasting content. My current favourite and sick support from Steam's side. I'd recommend it!
game-hours: 57.2
review: 10/10 Better than Russian lessons.
game-hours: 272.6
review: good game
game-hours: 55.1
review: worth to buy. Trust me
game-hours: 753.9
review: . .   .
game-hours: 63.0
review: One of the best pc games.
game-hours: 1013.9
review: Russian road rage simulator... with guns!
game-hours: 1164.6
review: I recommend CS:GO to veteran players and beginners alike as the game has a balanced community, you can meet people who are complete s yet find some that are rather tolerant. The graphics are OK for a game that was pretty recent and maps created by the community are also playable. If you're aspiring for an competitive environment this is the place for you!
game-hours: 446.9
review: 11/10 Took leftover money from my pocket :^)
game-hours: 271.6
review: This game is a very fun game to play, has skins , cases to open (which might empty your wallet). You get profit from this game also,while having fun you get case/skins drop you can sell and get other games you want!
game-hours: 632.6
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 1840.8
review: Competitive game with handicap for lows, please add 128Tick.
game-hours: 5.1
review: BOOM! HEADSHOT!
game-hours: 510.3
review: rosetta stone pffft naaa rather use CS:GO To Learn Russian
game-hours: 766.2
review: So GOOOOOOD 5/5
game-hours: 46.2
review: Gr8
game-hours: 2014.9
review: Great game, easially addicting though
game-hours: 1014.5
review: This is a great game, I prefer this over any other shooter, whether you're a casual or competitive player, you'll always find some fun in this game.
game-hours: 215.9
review: Best game ever. I bought it three times!
game-hours: 343.1
review: Helped me pass russian exam A+
game-hours: 1514.8
review: wasted 1100 hours of my life on dis... no regrets m8
game-hours: 43.5
review: Even tho I was in first place my team still called me a noob and shouted russian words at me. 9/10.
game-hours: 288.2
review: One of the best first person shooters I've played, Counter Strike: Global Offensive is worth buying now! I would say it's not really a game for the 'Call of Duty' fans as it is not a boring grind in which you run around a map killing people with no tactics required. CS:GO goes (no pun intended) much further as unless you are playing Deathmatch or Arms Race, there is no instant respawn. Therefore your life is important and not something you'll get back in 3 seconds. Even if you're not the best tactical thinker it's a good game as you've always got your fellow team to help you (If they don't swear at everyone in the game). The economy is also quite good with drops being spaced out and are all marketable. Even the crates are worth something! (Looking at you TF2). Overall I reccomend to anyone who likes First Person Shooters (even if you are a COD fan as there's always deathmatch mode) and if you already have the game I reccomend Operations as they are also worth it with new maps from the community that are very enjoyable. 10/10 P.S. If there's any spelling mistakes complain to Valve not me as there is no spellcheck and I often make mistakes while typing.
game-hours: 607.8
review: 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 395.2
review: 7lwa :v M4 7lwa :v Hea Bt3ml Crash 3ndy Bs So7abe 2alole Anha 7lwa W Bel3boha W Besbone [[foreveralone]]
game-hours: 610.1
review: epic
game-hours: 1950.2
review: hax
game-hours: 189.4
review: I've learned basic polish and russian awesome
game-hours: 1332.9
review: DMG rank is so toxic it DMGs my self esteem. -3/8
game-hours: 78.1
review: Really good game, im just not good at it
game-hours: 288.8
review: This game is the next level of shooters, When i first started playing this game i had no idea what type of fun i was getting into. The game provides team communication which is the most important feature in this. If you're bad at shooters, this game helps you get better. It will teach you how to aim, when to shoot, and how to be a team player. Without this game i would be a really bad sniper, and team leader. This is a MUST have game.
game-hours: 891.4
review: Really nice game, if u like going w team tactics etc
game-hours: 219.0
review: Always thought this game was too hard for me... then I discovered "pistol headshots" :^) -Graphics: 10/10 -Mechanics: 9/10 -???: 10/10 By the time you read this review, I've already wasted by college funds to purchase CS:GO skins. R.I.P
game-hours: 593.1
review: Russian swearing simulator,learnt alot 10/10
game-hours: 274.2
review: Its just great ;D
game-hours: 538.2
review: To the uninitiated: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is hitting an upward stride in the modern military competitive shooter world for good reason. Partially due to its strengths, but also Id argue (not here), due to the state of the game industry. Theres little reason to be a PC gamer and shooter fan and be clueless to this juggernaut. If you have even a bit of try-hard in you and a bit of skill, Id highly advocate absorbing CS:GO like a sponge and saying goodbye to any other shooter you previously thought was relevant. I could go on and on about the honed balance structure; from the economy, to the maps, to the weapons; all asymmetrically tilted to empower skill and enable strategy. But I wont. Take my word for it, its as close to perfect as Ive seen a game get. Dont get me wrong, I can nitpick some things; a few minor fringe gun complaints, 64 tick servers instead of 128 tick, but their patch performance at least shows overall that theyre on the right track. The chief of these points being restructuring maps to play better competitively (something I cant remember seeing in any other competitive fps, ever, maybe in the UT Quake days idk). BUT! Theres a good chance you already knew of this legend. Youve heard the fanboyish cries of devotion and likely thought to yourself Why the hell would someone pay $150 for a gun skin?! The game is that good when you get into the competitive aspect. HOWEVER! I must say for a casual player, especially one who has little to no interest learning competitive, theres not much here for you. There are casual modes, but theyre hard to enjoy knowing more light and care-free shooters are out there to play instead. The casual side of CS:GO is functional and passable, but itll feel like owning a Ferrari and only driving it in first gear, youre really not getting the potential out of the product. But who am I to judge? Perhaps youll get into the gun skin craze too and play the casual modes and have a blast! I doubt it, but hell the game is cheap and goes on practically-free sales every time we turn around, so why the hell are you reading this? Just buy the thing! All the cool kids are doing it!
game-hours: 437.9
review: Got the game and free Russian swear words lessons. Update: I can speak fluent Russian. 11/10 would buy again.
game-hours: 227.1
review: "I can buy this Karambit. If I don't eat for a couple of weeks I'll be okay." 10/10 would risk health in favor of virtual skins again
game-hours: 547.0
review: 3000 hours on dust 2 yet im still playing 10/10
game-hours: 95.8
review: Hurt myself so that people would give me money for keys. PLEASE HELP ME
game-hours: 490.9
review: Awesome game, get it.. Never regret getting it
game-hours: 587.2
review: An excellent FPS that requires for coordination, speed, strategy and accuracy. Anything could happen. Would pay more for the game, buy it, even if you dont have money!
game-hours: 191.9
review: Got to plant a bomb on a school map with a tec-9,sawed-off shotgun,and molotov. 10/10 would purchase again.
game-hours: 247.4
review: It's a fun game. Playing competitive is really fun, but there's plenty of other stuff if that's not your cup of tea. They also have workshop support, so you can play maps with custom rule sets and different layouts. I'd recommend this game to anyone. It's not too expensive, and is boundless fun. 9/10
game-hours: 187.7
review: Best game ever, would not get caught again playing this game.
game-hours: 266.4
review: This game is bad do not play it I have no money I bought so many skins.
game-hours: 1508.3
review: Best steam game ever. Best shooter ever. Best gameplay ever.
game-hours: 444.7
review: Death is a great teacher. Failure in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is, as it always has been for this series, the greatest way to learn where you should have gone, what you shouldn't have done, and how you could have done better. Counter-Strike players spend a lot of time learning -- consequently, they are always getting better. Growth is an important factor in Global Offensive, especially if you're coming into Counter-Strike fresh or after a sabbatical. This is an extremely hardcore, skill-based first-person shooter, and it forces you to think differently than other modern shooters. If youre a Call of Duty player, youre going to need to change your play style to succeed here. Counter-Strike also tries developing into something new here as well, despite doing little to push itself beyond what its always done best. Global Offensive modifies old maps to keep veterans on their toes, and introduces official new modes that encourage different play styles for the first time in almost 15 years. For the uninitiated, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a small-scale, team-based first-person shooter with permanent death. When a counter-terrorist kills a terrorist planting explosives in a classic Defusal match, or a CT escort swallows a sniper round in Hostage Rescue, the victim is dead for good and doesn't respawn until the next round. As such, players on both sides must exercise skill and care. The bomb objective, meanwhile, gives everyone a purpose. Of course matches end when everyone on a team is dead, but a clever and coordinated terrorist team will give the CTs the slip, plant their bomb, and protect the bomb site. Between rounds, everyone spends earned cash on better gear and guns, and the cycle continues. Pieces of the Counter-Strike formula are dated at this point, but the superb heart and soul of Global Offensive is timeless. Teams are small, guns are lethal, and rounds are short. There's an addictive just-one-more-round quality to it, because there's a constant desire to do better than last time, to earn a satisfying kill, or to win in a new way. Call of Duty and Battlefield vets will wonder why they can't sprint to escape enemy fire or look down the iron sights to improve aim; Counter-Strike players will feel like they walked into their redecorated home. Certain map redesigns will catch hardcore fans off guard, but the changes are for the best -- the underpass choke point in de_dust, for instance, has a new escape route. Even in the face of genre evolution, Global Offensive doesnt care to adapt. CSGO is so dedicated to Counter-Strike's aging ideals despite market and trend changes that it brute-forces its way to success. Part of what makes it such an engaging competitive game is that killing in Global Offensive requires a wholly different skill set than other shooters. Everyone is limited to what they have and can see, with little room for character modification or on-the-fly advantages. Running and gunning is a useless play style, even if you've bought a helmet and kevlar that round, to the point that someone standing still is more likely to score the kill. Walking, crouching, or standing are your best bets to reduce the inaccurate spray of machine-gun fire. Consequently, killing in Global Offensive feels good. There's a sickening sensation to dropping someone dead because you know they're not coming back. It's also satisfying knowing you used limited resources to play smarter than your victim. If players aren't watching corners, providing covering fire, or using smoke grenades and flashbangs, they're more likely to take a headshot from a more delicate and patient triggerman. The desire to experience that distinct feeling is a strong motivator to keep playing, even when you're getting steamrolled by an obviously better team. If you've played Counter-Strike before, Global Offensive probably sounds a whole lot like Counter-Strike. Like Counter-Strike: Source before it, Global Offensive exists simply to modernize the look of the classic competitive shooter, while doing little to disrupt the core form and function. At the same time, it does enough to color outside the lines of tradition to justify your time and effort. There's a sickening sensation to dropping someone dead because you know they're not coming back. Fire is one of the most interesting new combat variables. Molotov cocktails and incendiary grenades either roast groups of guys or force them in another direction. Flames are a useful distraction or scare tactic, too. They're particularly useful during Demolition matches, which focus the fight at a single bomb site rather than giving terrorists two to pick between. The new and modified maps in this mode aren't as big as classic Counter-Strike arenas  entire sections have been cut off to direct teams toward a central location  but their thoughtful design is as intricate as ever. The Lake map is a standout -- there's a wide open yet densely populated yard around the bomb site, which is inside a sizable lakeside home with plenty of vantage points and hiding spots. To separate Demolition from Defusal, players can't buy between rounds. Instead, it takes a cue from the other new mode, Arms Race, in which each kill unlocks another weapon instantly. The better you do, the more you have to switch up the way you play, and because Demolition is so fast you'll need to be quick on your feet. Unlike other game types, Arms Race allows for respawns. It's the most chaotic and care-free mode in Global Offensive, with players throwing caution to the wind for the sake of climbing the kill ladder as quickly as possible. It's a shame there are only two maps in Arms Race -- a problem that will more likely persist on consoles than PC. If you have the option, playing the PC version is unquestionably the best way to experience Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. Mods, mouse and keyboard, and the usual PC-only options are better than the ports. Plus, Valve is much better about long-term PC support -- it abandoned Team Fortress 2 on consoles, and Portal 2's level editor was PC exclusive. If you prefer to play on consoles, Global Offensive is the same great game, with the following special bits: PlayStation 3 For those who want to play on PlayStation 3 but dont want to deal with the imprecision of analog sticks, Counter-Strike: GO supports mouse and keyboard, giving it a pretty noticeable edge over the Xbox 360 version. If youre feeling saucy, Move is another option, although nuance dies with the motion controller. Move is accurate, and your quick reflexes will score kills, but the unavoidable instability of holding a remote will give your cursor some seriously unpleasant wobble. Worse, moving the wand quickly can confuse the controller, which often and irritatingly misinterprets basic left/right looks as a want to turn around 180 degrees. Xbox 360 Aside from the lack of keyboard/mouse input, the Xbox 360 version of Global Offensive is functionally identical to that on PS3 -- the new radial user-interface on both platforms is as elegant as it is on PC. Because its a hardcore competitive game, Counter-Strike blocks party chat in an effort to combat cheating, forcing players with headsets to play with friends or brave the Wild West of obscenity that is Xbox Live. THE VERDICT Global Offensive is definitely a Counter-Strike sequel -- it looks and feels familiar, with minor tweaks here and there to help balance old issues and surprise longtime players. This is a demanding, skill-based multiplayer game that's as satisfying now as it ever was, but it's for a specific kind of player. If you're not willing to learn to play different than you're used to, look elsewhere. Otherwise, this is a top-tier tactics game that will probably share the long-tailed legacy of its predecessors.
game-hours: 1199.7
review: I'm so addicted to this game but now i start hating it so much , since cs1.6 vlave coudn't stop cheats and hacks on this game , and now in csgo mmr most of players are using WH but they don't get bans . I'm really so upset now and i don't recommend this game unless you playing it in lan enviroment .
game-hours: 1460.8
review: Sucked at first round of competitive, team kicked me and got banned. 10/10
game-hours: 894.7
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 1249.6
review: Best Rage Simulator out there! 10/10 Best Game Ever. Shoot people with the weapons invented such as P90/Autos. <- Silvers love them <3
game-hours: 364.2
review: Incredible game with LOTS of replay value!
game-hours: 707.1
review: 2/10
game-hours: 740.4
review: This game is truly a masterpiece; it provides hours of fun weather you are playing alone or with friends. It has a competitve stage for people who really just want to play to win and there are tons of community servers with different mods and gamemodes. The game also has skins, which change the appearence of you weapons in game. You can get these skins by random chance at the end of each game or open up boxes for a chance at different skins for a fee; these skins can then be sold on the steam market for real money or traded for other skins. While this game is amazing it also has it's cons; there is a notable amount of hackers in the game, even though valve is trying it's best to keep them out of the game they are still there. But that is the main con, of course the game has some glitches here and there but the hackers are really the main issue. Even with it's cons this game is really amazing. 9/10
game-hours: 1560.2
review: This is a great team game. If you have four friends, and you want something to do to pass 30-60 minutes, then go play competitive mode, which will put you with people of similar skill level using a ranking system. It has better graphics(which i doubt anyone really cares about but it's nice,) it has new weapons from CS:S, It keep bunnyhopping, (but it's much more difficult) and it's an all around great team game. I definitely recommend it as it has stolen 800 hours from my life as of writing this. EDIT: At 1,200 hours taken away from me, it's amazing ;w; EDIT 2: my friend killled the last guy, he found an awp, i tk'd him because i wanted it, the whole time he was screaming NONONONONO and i picked it up and he yelled WHYYYYYYY and i said "i wanted it" and then he asked for it back and i walked to my site to watch and he tked me and got banned, i swapped to the bot to find the awp, my other friend went to go get it, i killed him and got banned rip 1.5k hours
game-hours: 49.2
review: And I thought Brasil whyned a lot in soccer matches
game-hours: 829.5
review: Possibly one of the best fps games on the market.
game-hours: 211.3
review: i could make love to this game 10/10
game-hours: 744.0
review: This is a very nice Game!! :D Of all CS, there have been made this is just the best!! :D There is allways new maps to play evry time there is an event like (Operation Breakout, Operation payback etc!) And all the game modes! :D competetive, death match!, casual, and much more! u will love this game as much as i do! :D + the better u get and the more u play, the higher rank u can get.! :D and all the skins in the game, just makes this game even better!!
game-hours: 1127.2
review: Honestly, this is literally the best game ever. Who needs Source when we got this?
game-hours: 251.6
review: !!
game-hours: 992.7
review: I played once for an hour, it sucked. I played a second time for two hours, it sucked. I've played it for nearly 800 hours and I can conclude it still sucks. Would recommend.
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.6
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2870.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 202.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 767.9
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 499.7
review: This is an excellent fps for anyone who enjoys serious gaming. However, the random bans could be fixed, considering i had not even played a game and got a random 6 hour ban
game-hours: 565.0
review: You'll get so addicted to the competive ladder system.
game-hours: 196.0
review: At first,I thought this game was sh!t. No aiming,no sprinting,and all that. After some time I decided to play it again with a friend,and now I love it :). You need to get used to the mechanics and when you do,you'll get lots of fun and hatred outta it. 11/10 *Posted from a COD player*
game-hours: 330.7
review: what a game!! Epic
game-hours: 1356.2
review: Counter-Strike has always held a special place in my heart, so it may be hard to speak without bias. That being said, if you are looking for a competative First person shooter, this is your game. It is no call of duty where blood distorts your view, its no battlefield with explosions all around you, it is a highly refined competative first person shooter, the phrase "easy to learn, hard to master" could not apply anymore to this game, the controls are simple, the maps are easy to learn, but the tacticts, teamwork, recoil compensation, and economy are something that may take you years to master. The game has a huge competative scene with multiple tournaments with prize rewards in the hundreds of thousands every year. The difficulty of the game, and the rewarding feel of getting an AK-47 headshot are something that never go away, Highly recommend 10/10.
game-hours: 270.3
review: best game ever said no one ever jk
game-hours: 215.4
review: This game isn't really like COD, BF or even Arma. But, if you can learn how to play, this game might end up being your most played game.
game-hours: 96.8
review: I love playing this game
game-hours: 315.5
review: :3
game-hours: 868.6
review: I recommend this game for it's quality and multiplayer gameplay.
game-hours: 1679.1
review: best game i have ever played. just look at my hours
game-hours: 249.8
review: A very interesting game, Alot of practice is needed to master the art of aiming and you probs wanna keep your wallet hidden away due to its tempting weapon options.
game-hours: 572.5
review: I r8 this game 8/8,soooo much better then pajama sam.Play this game in a lake and you automatically win,thats how good it is
game-hours: 201.9
review: Gambling simulator.
game-hours: 1200.3
review: In this game if you don't have an expensive virtual knife you're a nub pretty much sums up the game and remember everyone that owns a karambit fade is super duper pro!
game-hours: 601.7
review: this game will consume your life for the next few 40 years -legal gambling simulator -paying lots of money for skins -skins that are worth more than your meal today WHAT YOU WILL EXPERIENCE: -playing your first games on casual cs_office -learning about competitive -playing competitive -learn ropes of the game -get yelled at for being bad -yell at someone for being bad -get better at the game -rank up to a better rank that isn't silver -still playing with people that play like silvers -playing with smurfs (not the blue midgets, the people who are higher ranks and buy another account to rek u) -play 6 good games in a row and not rank up -lose 1 game and derank -smash your keyboard and play another game -come back to csgo rinse, wash, repeat 10/10 life waster
game-hours: 1388.5
review: Very nice game.
game-hours: 345.8
review: The pinnacle of point and click games.
game-hours: 152.4
review: Bought this game, played about 50 hours, now can speak fluent russian, great banter in a brilliant package
game-hours: 209.9
review: Shoot people and they die
game-hours: 744.7
review: It cool i like this game but I hate Coold ing Down! 7 Days! GOD DAMMIT!! I give 9/10 :P
game-hours: 424.6
review: Your memes will be tested.
game-hours: 691.4
review: good
game-hours: 53.6
review: ew
game-hours: 16.2
review: My original review was not too nice towards CSGO, but I've given it some time to get updated and whatnot and let me just say, it has improved greatly. It has become an excellent modern replacement to CSS. There are servers for all players, from noob to elite, and they're populated all day and night. Graphics options are top shelf and well optimized. Great job making CSGO what it should be Valve.
game-hours: 488.2
review: aghjkhdgfhkljhhj
game-hours: 3629.7
review: even if your in Global Elite if you don't have skins you're classified as a scrub and you will be yelled at by angry 9 year olds. 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 841.4
review: nce Ban sistemini syliyim ; Ban sistemi ara ara size kafay yedirtebilir.Uslu durursanz sknt olmaz. Rank sistemi oyunu gncel tutmak iin yaplm ve bunuda son derece iyi yapyor.Oyuna gelen gereksiz indirimler yznden oyunu ocuklarn bast aikar.Klasik maplerde genelde trollere ve ocuklara denk gelebilirsiniz. Eer salam rank atlamak istiyosanz ncelik iyi oynamanz ve takmsz girmemenizdir. Eyorumlamam bu kadar.
game-hours: 1077.6
review: gr8 m8 r8 8/8
game-hours: 197.4
review: I Love.. This Game.!!
game-hours: 301.4
review: Alucinante.
game-hours: 692.3
review: Cool
game-hours: 37.3
review: Best Counter Strike evah!
game-hours: 176.4
review: The only game i am currently playing and the best one.
game-hours: 376.2
review: Play for enough time and you'll get your money back from drops. 10/10
game-hours: 331.6
review: Makes you feel bad about your gaming skills. 10/10
game-hours: 700.3
review: Looking for a fun way to make money off of a game you will enjoy playing with your friends well look no further because Counter Strike Gloabal Offensive is just the game for you you can get weapon skin drops worth some money but you can also get case drops and open those by buying a key yes you can end up getting a 4 cent skin but there is also a possibility of opening a case and getting a $400 knife its not easy though its all based on luck of the case opening i myself have gotten great skins from case openings but thats not all the gameplay is great i love the competitive and deathmatch modes but this game i give it 10/10
game-hours: 144.4
review: Nice game, but please! Create another cs:go only for Russians cuz they ed up everything :(
game-hours: 332.3
review: Love this game
game-hours: 1048.5
review: GG
game-hours: 424.0
review: I think this game is really fun.
game-hours: 162.4
review: Pick up a WEEL gun.
game-hours: 446.1
review: most frustrating game evur HOW CAN I STOP PLAYING THIS
game-hours: 3185.7
review: Good game :)
game-hours: 442.0
review: Makes me want to rip my guts out. Never rank up. But I still play. Why. 10/10
game-hours: 1602.4
review: Tried this game once, it's fine.
game-hours: 180.2
review: CS:GO is an awesome game. It's fun to play, especially when you play with your friends. If someone asks me if he should buy it, I say yes.
game-hours: 6.3
review: First hour playing and already got insulted 10\10
game-hours: 338.6
review: Should be named "Business man's game"
game-hours: 158.2
review: In a breeze, I highly recommended this game. Don't give up at first, it is hard to master, well it is true in any kind of game. Go practice shooting at training_aim_csgo available in the workshop. Every pro and newbie come here everyday to practice shooting, just like real shooting field ;-)
game-hours: 866.8
review: wohoooo
game-hours: 439.4
review: >Plays with 4 Russian pepole >Get kicked for not communicate (i speak English when they speak Russian) >Cries in corner for 4 weeks cuz my mission is not complete >Drink Russian vodka. >Dies from cancer. 10/10 Would learn how to speak Russian "The Best Russian Simulator 2k69" - IGN
game-hours: 847.4
review: I just play with bots xD
game-hours: 71.5
review: I like this game more than string cheese.
game-hours: 530.1
review: This game is a great Fps game! I reccomend getting this game if you like fps games! Hard at first but GREAT EPIC design and great game
game-hours: 1156.1
review: It's a little bit weird how the Counter terrorists have to buy weapons and gear for their own money and how the terrorists have this universal timer on their bomb with the same code all the time.
game-hours: 291.8
review: Got an ace with a deagle 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 324.3
review: ONE OF MY FAVORITE GAMES OF ALL TIME!
game-hours: 246.0
review: i got banned  gaem
game-hours: 726.7
review: This game is amazing, you could literally spend thousends of hours with your mates having fun! Hihgly recommend the game! :)
game-hours: 300.3
review: This game made me cringe so hard that when i was about to quit my friend gave me a knife. -10/10 Friendship always wins again
game-hours: 526.8
review: 1. Skins cost more than real things in life 2. Watch katowice for 10H and not get any souvenirs 3. Play agains wallhackers cuz VAC sucks 4. 9/10
game-hours: 908.6
review: Threw a grenade and it bounced off my teamate, 7 day cooldown 10/10 Would throw again For realz here, it's a great game but the cooldown is stupid. 7 days is ridiculous. Edit: This game has now consumed my life. I spend all my days trading and buying skins. reking scrubs and still staying in s4 with my dank 700 hours. I sold my wife and kids for skins. Gaben... Please..
game-hours: 173.2
review: i joined isis after playing
game-hours: 482.2
review: By dota2 I know steam. Of course csgo become different my first game .csgo ballistic and cs1.6. Outset not used to. As cs sequel. I know it was very successful, whether it is the screen or athletics now I have been playing for more than 400 hours with my dota2 almost like a charm which is cs
game-hours: 257.4
review: It's like playing barbie, but with guns and knives.
game-hours: 1234.6
review: Probably my favourite counter strike game but searching for games with people is boring because you always get bots
game-hours: 971.0
review: 100% Teamwork, it doesn't matter how good YOU are it only matters how good your TEAM is!
game-hours: 918.4
review: Exelente
game-hours: 74.0
review: good
game-hours: 796.2
review: Best way to learn russian Best way to improve ur trading skills Best game to learn aiming Best game to break your headphones, numeric parts of your keyboard Best way to being hate on russians, and kiddos ...Not for being racist just....they are very impressive
game-hours: 1652.8
review: Counter strike. want a game where you can't actually play with people at your skill level.... because that would make it enjoyable..... NO NO NO you get little children buying as many game keys as possible just to take the easy shots and easy wins so they dont have to face someone near their skill level...... so if you like being bent over and ed with gabes vitual ...... get amongst this game...... you will love it.... get ed by awps....... m4's.... ak's....... you name the gun...... and valve will apply lube to that barrel and just go to town. 1000+ hours ive burned into this game since it came out..... all to get hacked by some kid who can't handle using game sense. good game ruined by hacks and micro transactions..... well done valve. well done.
game-hours: 559.7
review: Game would be pefrect without smurfs,hackers and russians.
game-hours: 778.0
review: Honestly the best game I have ever played. It will put a hole in your wallet and a fire in your belly. You may win. You may lose. But after addding this to your cart. You will NEVER go back.
game-hours: 585.4
review: 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 634.1
review: I NEED MORE SKINS FOR MY GUNS
game-hours: 1526.7
review: Thank you based volvo. Thanks to the CS:GO community market i am now global elite at trading which i can use for future job oprorunty as stock market trader make millions and get gurlz!!!!! :))) r8ted 8/8 m9
game-hours: 109.6
review: good game better then call of duty
game-hours: 54.9
review: This Game is just simply awesome. Yes, I know the game is very hard but it's worth it you might be at the spectator screen all the time but the game is worth it. The only con is there are too many pro's but in every game there are pro's and noobs like you lol. So to sum it up this game is a very good game and it will always be like that. Great Chicken Simulator 1000/1000
game-hours: 216.9
review: One simple thing: Good old CS experience, but now in a better-looking way. And also: Useless Skins! 10/10 would buy again
game-hours: 1583.5
review: This game is horrible. RUSSIANS PLEASE UNINSTALL THIS GAME. Thx GabeN <3<3
game-hours: 64.8
review: Buy it !!!!!!!
game-hours: 715.0
review: So is this game good? Yeah xD Yeah i love this game i'll admit i'm addicted but that's the love of CS:GO you may play the same maps all the time but isn't every other FPS like that. Also buying/winning content is so amazing
game-hours: 869.8
review: Learned fluent russian in less than 2 weeks. 10/10
game-hours: 1079.1
review: much better than 1.6 ;)
game-hours: 194.4
review: this gam is teh best i eva playd is not like cod first time i playd i i was sad but skins and more maeks me happy. i am globel elete and is cool too pley it and own soem nobs :) 8/10 cause no kill straeks and nob tub but its coool #yolo
game-hours: 401.6
review: Nice game .
game-hours: 119.6
review: 9/10 Screaming russians and 12 year old kids :P Good combo between tactics and skill. Awesome game.
game-hours: 1280.9
review: this game is really fun to play alone or with friends, but it's kind of annoying how you can't open any boxes so it's almost impossible to get skins on you're gun, but it's still a really good game 8/10
game-hours: 564.3
review: This game was cool untill I went to competitive mode.After playing this game you will know all russian swear words. Full of Russians who wont communicate with you and only yell  suka idi nahhui etc. You cant get out of Silver once you get in there.There are lots of guys who are smurfs,specially when the sale is on.There are lots of guys who have only 16hrs of cs or even 10hrs - Most guys dont have sound/dont know how to sound,always going to wrong plant when bomb is planted,dont understand anything about this game and wonders how enemy is knifing him from behind,calling everyone who kills them hackers and then attacking teammates because they want to get kicked. I find this game fun until you have great team who are trying to win the game not give up on after losing first round. 1 annyoing thing is that when you go duo rank with someone you will always get guys who are unranked or dont understand anything about this game in your team and enemy team has 4 premade (even with clantag) or just very good players. IMO(In My Opinion) Counter Strike should make something like this- If you have under 50hrs total of csgo you cant go competitive mode If you have under 20hrs of actually playing in game vs real enemys you cant go to competitive mode I love this game but I hate the matchmaking system,Im still going to recommend this game because you can actually sometimes laugh how your teammates who are very bad are playing.
game-hours: 936.3
review: I learned fluent Russian in 5 days, here is a sneak peak.   americunt    ... *    * Translated - Stupid   americunt noob stupid ... * takes a sip of vodka *
game-hours: 998.4
review: Killing turrorists for murika
game-hours: 2148.6
review: i hate this game i love this game
game-hours: 229.1
review: what is a game 1/10
game-hours: 509.5
review: Very Very Veryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy Good Game
game-hours: 395.0
review: awesome
game-hours: 587.4
review: You either die at A or live long enough to rotate to B And then die due to no reg 101/101 would rage again
game-hours: 555.8
review: Basika to gamisate tin mana me ta rates lesia
game-hours: 402.7
review: very enjoyable game :)
game-hours: 381.1
review: Pros: -You can shoot people and they die -Chickens -Has actually fun gameplay unlike Call of Duty -Was made by Valve Cons: -The people don't always die -People kill the chickens :( 12/10 would play again
game-hours: 778.6
review: A game where if you lose a 4v1 it's entirely your fault. A game where if you win a 4v1 you're a 'hacker noob'. A game where if you don't headshot someone you're a . A game where if you do headshot someone you're a lucker. A game where you get killed through smoke you're an idiot. A game where if you kill someone through smoke you're a waller. A game I've been consumed by - despite my below average skill. 8/10 - Mute everyone until you reach MG or greater.
game-hours: 3353.2
review: Trs bon GamePlay je recommande pour les fan de FPS.
game-hours: 741.7
review: do you enjoy shooting heads? spanish speaking teammates? hours and hours of frustration and 64 tick servers? if so buy this game
game-hours: 91.9
review: Typical day in CSGO competitive: -Rush B! -  ! 10/10
game-hours: 294.7
review: Your life is meaningless if you dont own this game. You will have no friends if you dont own this game. Your family will all bleed to death if you dont own this game. Buy your copy today!
game-hours: 91.3
review: I joined a game got killed by smurfs then i was told that i was complete  at this game so i spent some money on some keys to get rid of my anger i ended up spending 300$ and got 1 red skin which i sold for more keys to open more cases but of course i got  all and then got a 7 day ban cause my cs go crashed when i tabbed back in 10/10
game-hours: 560.0
review: If you're someone who enjoys fast paced, precision shooters, than you will love this game.
game-hours: 539.0
review: Global Offensive surprised me very positively. I only bought the game so I could join friends when they invite me again - but after playing a few rounds on the competitive gamemode, I really started to like it. Been of lot of fun since then, and I highly recommend it.
game-hours: 1380.8
review: poorly made good game lmao
game-hours: 130.5
review: 10/10 would die again
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.6
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2870.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 202.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 767.9
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 101.4
review: Yeah you can complain about cheaters, but i still say i like it more than Cheats of duty. In addition i also like getting punched in the stomach more then being  on. Also Cheats of duty is still , and will continue to  on their consumers like the  it is. I made my point clear..
game-hours: 783.2
review: 1/10 3 out of 6 of my last games had cheaters in them. Nice! (1 point for chickens)
game-hours: 86.6
review: I just bought this to learn Russian.
game-hours: 328.8
review: getting called a smurf when you win and a noob when you lose... 10/10
game-hours: 1499.8
review: Best version of CS ever.
game-hours: 377.3
review: i like the game just not my team mates also make russian only servers
game-hours: 1477.2
review: Counter-Strike: Cheater Offensive
game-hours: 709.4
review: Upvote this review for a free karambit fade! Also if you do not have the game upvote and buy then you will automatically have a karambit fade!
game-hours: 895.3
review: I like this game but tbh I'm just making this review for the badge xD
game-hours: 180.9
review: Not even close to 1.6. Still decent in today's standards. The skins gotta go, though.
game-hours: 1440.4
review: So gut gem. GG ez every gem. Do buy and we play together and will gg ez ruskies. SHOGUNZ RULEZ
game-hours: 226.8
review: They give you money this game is amazing in the first week of owning this game ive made 5.50 10/10
game-hours: 398.6
review: Hi , I Love Cs Go But i have fps 20 :(
game-hours: 24.0
review: its not too hard and its not too easy 10/10
game-hours: 673.2
review: dankgame 9/11
game-hours: 368.9
review: dank
game-hours: 490.6
review: Such a good game once you get past the learning curve! You should get it if your looking for a game with intense moments, people who rage, some people that love you, hackers, people that call you a hacker, knife fights, funny moments and loads more! I r8 this game 11/10 its a must buy in my books.
game-hours: 226.4
review: If you want to bam, then get this game. Online fps game pretty much but one of the best!
game-hours: 56.3
review: If you like the AWP you're probably a try hard that will get killed by my nova. Nerd. This game is ing brilliant though. 0/10. Flawless.
game-hours: 233.8
review: total trash matchmaking system. get 20 frags and be kicked.  u valve  for sake.
game-hours: 30.1
review: A very good and well made tactical based shooter!
game-hours: 522.3
review: In MM, dies in 1v5 clutch, gets kicked. 10/10
game-hours: 682.2
review: Best Competitive FPS game I have ever saw. MatchMaking makes me feel pumped up and I just love it! Totally recommended
game-hours: 1061.9
review: Good
game-hours: 2252.8
review: got bored after 10 hours
game-hours: 564.9
review: This game is really good.
game-hours: 503.4
review: It is a really fun tactical game
game-hours: 126.5
review: I will compare this game with CS 1.6, because that game is like little brother of CS:GO. Pros: + better maps and models + good graphics + weapons have skins + more types of game (casual, demolition,...) + automatic server finder + marketable items + updates with new items Cons: - expensive updates Score: 10/10.
game-hours: 783.9
review: 10/10 - Like skyrim with grenades - IGN
game-hours: 35.5
review: this games is realy realy awesome ^-^
game-hours: 622.3
review: starting with 1.6 till now cs simply ,,, the best game ever !!
game-hours: 1364.8
review: Best tactical shooter EU
game-hours: 534.2
review: Before you buy this game, make sure to tell your family / friends goodbye, cause they wont be seeing you for a while ;)
game-hours: 221.7
review: Top Reasons To Play This Game 1:You learn russian fast and cheap 2:Its Fun to make russians angry 3:Knife in real life 20$ knife in this game 200$
game-hours: 1777.5
review: go go go
game-hours: 189.4
review: I've learned basic polish and russian awesome
game-hours: 1333.5
review: DMG rank is so toxic it DMGs my self esteem. -3/8
game-hours: 211.5
review: No  man
game-hours: 673.0
review: Best e-sport gaem eva
game-hours: 71.4
review: Russians, Russians everywhere!
game-hours: 184.5
review: 8/8 g8 m8 better than cod m8
game-hours: 230.1
review: This game teached me how to jump
game-hours: 512.5
review: Way better than COD takes so much skill to play but the best competitive first person shooter i think!
game-hours: 1351.3
review: this is a very good version of the latest game. Although some issues on matchmaking accross the continents when all come together with very bad hit reg. But generally a good solid sound game :-)
game-hours: 480.8
review: Russian Strike: Silver Offensive.  Blyat edition.
game-hours: 623.2
review: Banned for kicking too manyyyy trrooollllllllllls 10/10
game-hours: 891.4
review: Really nice game, if u like going w team tactics etc
game-hours: 486.1
review: rankup pls
game-hours: 78.1
review: Really good game, im just not good at it
game-hours: 608.5
review: 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 343.1
review: Helped me pass russian exam A+
game-hours: 1514.8
review: wasted 1100 hours of my life on dis... no regrets m8
game-hours: 610.1
review: epic
game-hours: 277.0
review: y u no able to get kills with the shooty gun, im pointing that crosshair right at u?????? 10/10
game-hours: 301.6
review: Great!
game-hours: 600.9
review: This game is growing constantly, and is always changing. Sometimes it's bad sometimes it's good. I enjoy Counter-Strike, and I've been playing it for over 11 years.
game-hours: 288.8
review: This game is the next level of shooters, When i first started playing this game i had no idea what type of fun i was getting into. The game provides team communication which is the most important feature in this. If you're bad at shooters, this game helps you get better. It will teach you how to aim, when to shoot, and how to be a team player. Without this game i would be a really bad sniper, and team leader. This is a MUST have game.
game-hours: 289.1
review: One of the best first person shooters I've played, Counter Strike: Global Offensive is worth buying now! I would say it's not really a game for the 'Call of Duty' fans as it is not a boring grind in which you run around a map killing people with no tactics required. CS:GO goes (no pun intended) much further as unless you are playing Deathmatch or Arms Race, there is no instant respawn. Therefore your life is important and not something you'll get back in 3 seconds. Even if you're not the best tactical thinker it's a good game as you've always got your fellow team to help you (If they don't swear at everyone in the game). The economy is also quite good with drops being spaced out and are all marketable. Even the crates are worth something! (Looking at you TF2). Overall I reccomend to anyone who likes First Person Shooters (even if you are a COD fan as there's always deathmatch mode) and if you already have the game I reccomend Operations as they are also worth it with new maps from the community that are very enjoyable. 10/10 P.S. If there's any spelling mistakes complain to Valve not me as there is no spellcheck and I often make mistakes while typing.
game-hours: 219.0
review: Always thought this game was too hard for me... then I discovered "pistol headshots" :^) -Graphics: 10/10 -Mechanics: 9/10 -???: 10/10 By the time you read this review, I've already wasted by college funds to purchase CS:GO skins. R.I.P
game-hours: 43.5
review: Even tho I was in first place my team still called me a noob and shouted russian words at me. 9/10.
game-hours: 395.2
review: 7lwa :v M4 7lwa :v Hea Bt3ml Crash 3ndy Bs So7abe 2alole Anha 7lwa W Bel3boha W Besbone [[foreveralone]]
game-hours: 180.9
review: Not even close to 1.6. Still decent in today's standards. The skins gotta go, though.
game-hours: 793.5
review: Best game to have fun with friends . Best way to learn russian with kids...
game-hours: 931.7
review: Great Game! I love it so freaking much!!!!!!
game-hours: 978.0
review: The best game on steam get it!
game-hours: 637.3
review: this game will make you spend $100+ on a stupid variant of a knife because you want to look cool, would sugguest to only buy it if you have a job, a renewable source of money, and an urge to waste that money on said item. and this game has  in it vieins that will make you throw your mouse across the room in certain scenarios.
game-hours: 245.2
review: Hunt-Chicken Simulator. 10/10 .
game-hours: 336.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 836.6
review: How to play CSGO: Step 1. Get a case drop. Step 2. Pretend you will never open it. Step 3. Find out there is a knife thats worth at least $60. Step 4. Get a key. Step 5. Open case. Step 6. Get a Negev. Step 6. Repeat.
game-hours: 873.6
review: This game will suck u in!
game-hours: 11.0
review: I like to aim through walls!
game-hours: 954.8
review: My rules to win in csgo: 1. Buy nova 2. Shoot teamates in the head 3. Get 7 day ban 4. gg Alt Route: 1. Buy incendiary/molotov 2. Burn teamates while defusing/planting bomb 3. Get 7 day ban 4. gg
game-hours: 1170.3
review: best fps
game-hours: 321.7
review: This Game is Fun You need To hear foot steps puts You in a skill Group Hackers Get banned Fast Its Fun
game-hours: 435.6
review: You can learn Russian by playing this game! Awesome 11/10.
game-hours: 497.5
review: Best 250 bucks I've ever spent.
game-hours: 845.7
review: If you like killing everyone and poppin some heads this is for you!
game-hours: 359.6
review: I LIKE THIS GAME
game-hours: 2113.4
review: in broken piece of
game-hours: 306.5
review: This game is as good as Call of Duty
game-hours: 415.1
review: <.d
game-hours: 886.2
review: norm igra
game-hours: 290.4
review: I didn't know one bit of Russian. Until I played this game. I r8 8/8 m8. Great game for learning Russian. Passed exam easily.
game-hours: 243.6
review: Dust II.
game-hours: 21.2
review: Awesome Game, Need to get used to it and need to get a few headshots:)
game-hours: 2268.8
review: meh
game-hours: 593.7
review: Pros: Smurfs Hackers Russians Language barriers Bans for server problems Crap matchmaking Crap ranking system Cons: Chickens  blyat
game-hours: 120.1
review: You better hide your wallet somewhere and contract a case of amnesia before playing CS:GO... Otherwise, you'll be left broke.
game-hours: 13.6
review: Listen man, i'm a PROFESSIONAL rate giver, and even though i have very few hours in this game, i think i have enough information to give my personal opinion on this game. i'm a recovering drug addict and this game has helped, instead of doing marijuanas and smoking crystal cigarrets i now buy massive ammounts of skins, please help me.
game-hours: 457.2
review: Cooldown Simulator 2015 Spends 2 weeks trying to rank up Team runs into molotov, 7 day Ban Comes back from ban, finally ranks up First Game as new rank, instantly kicked for not being Russian by premade russians 7 day cooldown for being kicked too many times Instant derank 11/10 would smash keyboard again
game-hours: 394.6
review: I played free weekend and its seems this is best counter strike ever! Also I found some bugs.. but great game.
game-hours: 859.3
review: I bought this game in hopes to slay my one and only true enemy, chickens. Little did i know i was in for more than that. After spending 600 hours of learning Russian and killing chickens, one day a man came to me, he said " Bingo Bango Bongo Bish Bash Bosh " which obviously means "come join the ct" in russian. So i did. That was a mistake. We got dropped off by chopper to a German nuclear plant and we all rushed in with one of our members screaming "SILVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR". We went in with a PP-Bizon SMG and mine was painted with a Urban Hazard spray. It looked very Scarred. I watched everyone in my team get shot in the face as they walked in and i was alone. At that very moment, Lord Gaben came to me and said "I may give you power, but it will cost you" so I gave him all my steam credit and he granted godly powers to my PP-Bizon. I turned the corner and killed all the terrorist with funny hats in one clip. I defused the bomb and won. But at what cost. Little did I know that my powers also were a curse. I now wonder the Casual and spray with my Bizon to this day. In hopes that one day I will leave the silver rank. Want to know the curse? I cant. Never. Wont rank up past silver. You have been warned, this game will consume you, your life will be devoured by constant case opening and killing. The sad part? You will enjoy it, you sick f***
game-hours: 755.4
review: Many aces. Much rage. Hacks.
game-hours: 864.9
review: WHY YOU NEED TO BUY THIS GAME! PLEASE READ AND RATE! 1. CS:GO Is alot more simple than other FPS' such as call of duty or battlefield, CS:GO is very basic and easy to learn all the steps on becoming a very advanced player. Other games like Call of Duty offer things like attachments, Killstreaks, Prestiges, Levels, and Advanced player options which can be good for some players, but it takes quite a while to get use to all the controls and how everything works. But in Counter Strike You get the game and start playing right away not having to learn all the controls. 2. You can make money. Counter Strike and other games by valve such as TF2 and Dota 2 Offer an in game market place. In the market you can Buy and Sell Tools, Guns, Stickers, Crates, Keys and Many more things. The market allows you to convert in game items into real money which will be put onto your steam wallet as soon as some one purchases your item, Now games like Call of Duty don't allow you to make money, all you can do is play the game. 3. The game offers free Downloadable Content. CS:GO Gives everyplayer the latest update/DLC for free, Games like Battlefield, Call of Duty, And Borderlands 2 Make you buy the game which is very expensive and on top of that the DLC charges you about 15 Dollars and Up! 4. The Game is cheap. Counter strike is only $14.99 On steam and it goes on sale very frequently, Most FPS Games cost anywhere from 30-60 dollars such as the new call of duty games which all cost $60 on release. So obviously you will be saving alot of money. 5. The game is over all very fun. Now i can't argue this point because Call of Duty and other FPS games are also very great games but CS:GO is worth the money. So i suggest you go ahead and start playing, you will LOVE it!
game-hours: 810.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1353.1
review: IGN 10/MUTHAFUKN10 BUY THIS  AND YOU TOO WILL BE ABLE TO SPEND THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS ON UNBOXING CASES AND GET BLUES!! I FUKN LUV IT WO0O0OOOOO
game-hours: 298.5
review: Lovd this game so fun
game-hours: 614.0
review: Plenty of fun, very competitive and interesting would recommend for the price!
game-hours: 14.2
review: Best MMOFPS Military Game because I like become a ISIS More Other Game Include: -Defuse Bomb Simulator -Crafting/Planting Bomb Simulator -Kidnaping Simulator -Camping Simulator
game-hours: 779.2
review: I Like It! :)
game-hours: 340.0
review: Step 1. Stab Chickens Step 2. Get Points Step 3. Stab Chickens 10/10 I didnt like it
game-hours: 663.4
review: Zsr
game-hours: 457.5
review: bad  game
game-hours: 247.8
review: I like the part where you shoot
game-hours: 1003.3
review: STOP PUTTING THE GAME ON SALE FOR POOR PEOPLE WITH CHEATS. 10/10
game-hours: 52.7
review: oh ya dont open cases
game-hours: 469.8
review: The game itself is really great, but solo queuing or not playing full team in competitive is ing broken, you always play with shiteating russians that doesn't even try to speak English.
game-hours: 254.7
review: Fun once you learn to ignore all the ignorant s.
game-hours: 700.7
review: Nice graphics, new maps, weapons and models. But developers should listen to the customers a bit more. Developers you are focused too much on things that are not important at all. You should focus on changing the tick rate of the match making servers to 128 and improving VAC a lot. Those two are what customers really want and you should focus on. Not stickers, UI and HUD changes or skins. And stop messing around with the weapons.
game-hours: 230.7
review: I think that this is one of the best online multiplayer game that I have played on pc
game-hours: 2593.2
review: My favourite!
game-hours: 520.8
review: Fantastic game, great for improving your play on other fps titles
game-hours: 21.5
review: Never spent more time dead than in CS:GO. Attempt to improve and get abuse of how bad i am. I Love This Game.
game-hours: 1913.6
review: cool game xd
game-hours: 259.1
review: Smurfin erryday
game-hours: 967.1
review: Played Competitive. I haven't seen the sun for days. Many mouses have been broken. Recommended.
game-hours: 203.3
review: Oh man. You need to be tactical in this one. When you first start playing this game, you WILL be terrible thats a fact. Practice practice practice. ps. click on heads
game-hours: 205.1
review: Can buy a knife in game for 250 that would probably be worth 50 IRL 11/10 - would be called a "in nub" by angry Russian kids again
game-hours: 200.7
review: The Chicken AI is ALMOST as good as Skyrim Chickens!!!!!!!!!!!!! 10/10
game-hours: 392.2
review: Frosty was only 16 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life,". His dad hears him and and call him a silver scrublord. He knows his dad is just jealous of his devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gaben! He is so happy. Gabe whispers into Frosty's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case,". Gaben grabs Frosty with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Frosty opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Frosty's pockets. It costs so much, but Frosty does it for CS:GO. Frosty can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes begin to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Frosty wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Frosty's computer with keys. Frosty opens all the cases and gets nothing but blues. CS:GO is love, CS:GO is life.
game-hours: 737.8
review: This game really moistens my potatoes. 9/11 would never forget.
game-hours: 498.9
review: great game i recommend it to ppl who like muffins
game-hours: 751.0
review: the game is sick! it's like someone did put a banging donk on it
game-hours: 460.4
review: Good game
game-hours: 732.1
review: New Grahpic, New Maps, New Animations and Guns, best counter strike version after CS S
game-hours: 11.9
review: pretty fun rootie tootie shoot something something british
game-hours: 985.8
review: meh
game-hours: 537.1
review: skins = skill
game-hours: 928.3
review: PEWPEW! ZOMG ZABI YOU'RE SO BAD
game-hours: 318.7
review: najlepsza gra Polecam!
game-hours: 278.5
review: 10/10- This game is very good, very fast pased, and very competitive. So what I say is just get it..... its worth your $15!
game-hours: 973.1
review: This destroyed my life. My gf left me. I lost my job. But I still got the dink. 10/10
game-hours: 700.9
review: Best !!!!
game-hours: 567.4
review: Ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 712.5
review: This is the only FPS game since 1.6 i enjoy.
game-hours: 408.5
review: Just moved over to PC gaming from console and after spending so much time on CoD over on Xbox, CS:GO is a fresh of breath air. This game is amazing and for such a small price you would be stupid not to buy it!
game-hours: 2003.7
review: Love this game. Spent way too much time playing it.
game-hours: 2157.4
review: simplicity at its finest
game-hours: 736.9
review: Great game for the casual or the competetive FPS player. Coming from games like OC, Quake, and Uberstrike, this game really forces you to improve your reflex time as well as your accuracy. I wasn't much for the modern games until I tried this one out, I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a great FPS. Here's a little "Pro/Con". Pros: Extremely fun and addicting gameplay Balenced gameplay Good graphics with exellent map designs Engaging gameplay Great community and team aspect Skill cap is extremely high Playable on even low grade computers (mine's 1.5 Ghz) Cons: Costs real money, if you're a usual F2P gamer then this might detract you from it Learning curve is extremely steep, you'll need to invest time into this game (not really a con but for some people they just want a "fun" game to run around on. If that's the case, this game is not for you No major FOV changes, (I realize there are a few things you can do to change it, but for a Quake player like myself, it was rough to get used to after playing with 115 FOV for a while) Requires a mic (To be completely honest, if you want to get good at this game and engage in teamplay, you WILL need a mic , otherwise you'll be hardpressed to type out strats and the status' of your enemies) Hackers. Just like most games out there you will run into these . They are easy to report but be warned, they do exist. If you get my gist, the cons are really just minor things. Nothing really is so annoying that I would consider stopping playing this game. 9/10 Spiegel
game-hours: 281.0
review: pew pew pew best pew game ever!!
game-hours: 80.2
review: i love this game
game-hours: 507.6
review: First the Good review: - It's CS 10/10 - The weapons sistem is nothing like the others cs, you can gain the skin weapons by playing or opening boxes or buying them on the market, and that's very cool. Now the bad review, and this one makes me so angry: - The competitive: 1 - The team, if can find those noob teams that kill their own partners or just be AFK the whole game! 2 - The Competitve Cooldown, now this one it's just annoying and overwhelming stupid, because you get kicked by leaving the game and that's fine but imagine that your net goes down or our PC was turn off because of some lightning, you will get that same kick and you can't to nothing about it and that's makes me so angry because you get 7 days of penalty because you net was down and that's not fair. Hope that this will help someone!
game-hours: 36.3
review: still the best game
game-hours: 410.5
review: One of the best FPS I've ever played...
game-hours: 717.7
review: I am pretty addicted to this game. I've been playing almost every single day, ever since 1.6. On some days I would play all day, and I would only stop when my arm muscles were too tired to move the mouse, and I would hardly be able to aim right anymore.
game-hours: 537.3
review: wonkiest hit system for a cs game ever also AWP AWP AWP AWP AWP AWP AWP AWP AWP
game-hours: 379.3
review: i r8 8/8 & i don't h8
game-hours: 757.4
review: This game is all around good game addicting too if you're into FPS shooters you'd love this one its a little difficult for starters and gets frusturating but eventually you'll understand how it works and how to be accurate once you get that down its a 10/10 game graphics aren't the best but you get used to it, its gameplay that counts. You should really get this it's a must buy game
game-hours: 1359.2
review: Only have 50Hours+ But so far this is the best FPS out there. It beats CoD and Battlefield just the community on there brings rewards from its self. I would really recommend this to my friends and to everyone if they are into FPS. Plus I've been a Counterstike kid since 2005 now its 2014 and the love is still here for the CS community. Keep the game the way its suppost to be :) : >5Stars< EDIT: Its been over 400 hours now and still satified
game-hours: 73.7
review: oldschool
game-hours: 1241.4
review: .
game-hours: 113.7
review: Best First-person shooter Game ever on Steam! Highly recommmended. Just go for It! You will find this game interesting, very interesting actually. Good support, no crashes, good FPS and what else do you want ? The team support!!!
game-hours: 676.4
review: Got headshotted with a usp through a smoke 10/10
game-hours: 299.7
review: CS:GO is the best competitive FPS game I have ever played. I believe it's difficult enough to be a challenging game for gamers. Plus, It's a really nice and enjoyable game. It has improved graphics from the other CS games and you can find it for only 10,99! There are two bad things about this game, one is that the competitive matchmaking can sometimes ruin your game (join you with noobs), the second one is that a lot of people get addicted with the weapon skins (Valve items) and can spend a lot of money in cases and keys. To sum up, I recommend this game to everyone who's looking for a good FPS to play. My Rating is: 9.5/10.
game-hours: 1923.9
review: this is the best game i have ever played. its my favirote game its so skill based and not just a stupid grind like cod and other shooters the aiming is skill base and matches require tactics and team play to win once 1 has mastered the game he can take down a team of 5 all on himself. this game has hundreds of hours of play time that will not make you bored one bit (unless you lose all the time)
game-hours: 600.8
review: you have to be on crack to play ranked for clutch plays
game-hours: 1426.8
review: Yeah It's Good
game-hours: 1347.8
review: Best Counter Strike ever
game-hours: 34.4
review: contre straik ist a gud gaym. Bettr grafiks and wit da saem gaemmekanics liek other cs gemes. And no fakin annojyng kidz liek in cal ov dewti.
game-hours: 96.3
review: Fire in the hole! 10/10
game-hours: 1086.8
review: great game but it
game-hours: 462.5
review: Skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins, skins.... I like skins.
game-hours: 1516.8
review: Its OK.
game-hours: 30.9
review: Counter-Strike: GO doesn't fail to please me. It's a great competitive game with new guns, new modes, better graphics, and a gy community, That's pretty much the only downside... But CS:GO is a very well made competitive game. But if you are me, you would prefer CSS over this game. But both are spectacular games. Thank you once again, Valve :)
game-hours: 633.4
review: The most mlg noscoping hardscoping fedorascoping asswhipe game ever, but only true mlg fedora wearing scrubs can play this game, so u better buy this game or i will noscope u across the map with my loominati fedora u in stinky  m8!
game-hours: 878.5
review: Love this game, besides from all the campers, this is really fun, join a casual competetive, and you just start rampaging, this game has amazing graphics, beautiful soundtrack, and amazing weapon sounds, although some things are worse then in cs:s (wich was the ground for competetive fps gamers) it still is amazing. Play with friends, go online, do what you want! Steam market, yus, made me happy. Buy whatever you want, getawesome cool skins for your guns, and be famous. 9/10, some bugs remain, some netcode bugs aswell (run around corner, but still die D:) But, still amazing!
game-hours: 79.2
review: Inexpensive game with effective anti-hack system, supported with good matchmaking system. Waste no time in finding a multiplayer game. Never an easy game to master and best played tactically with friends. Individual skills and team communications are essentials.
game-hours: 382.3
review: the only thing that i can say about this game is *fantastic*... xD
game-hours: 195.8
review: best game
game-hours: 619.9
review: This game is definitely an improvement on the previous games. Now its super easy to find a competitive match. I found it very hard on css and cs 1.6. Also you dont even have to be in a group of 5 to find one.Another thing which was annoying about the previous ones if that people can lie about their skill group which left the match unbalanced. CSGO has a ranking system which will put you against people with a similar rank, and its a good thing to strive towards reaching that next rank. Put that together with the custom gun skins they have brought into it, it turns into a fun and very replayable game. 9/10
game-hours: 689.6
review: Rito plz, y u no make game like dis. So goot, pew pew police and stuff. Plz make ba_jail competitive, wold meke dis game best.
game-hours: 0.3
review: Love this game. If you are a tatical person who has a intrest on shooting people in the head then this is the game
game-hours: 922.8
review: Tst m tykkn 5/5
game-hours: 744.9
review: this is best game what ever made it is cool 2 haedshot noob. everything is good (map, gun, cool skin) only bad part of game when ppl insalt hair
game-hours: 1528.0
review: good
game-hours: 195.7
review: #recommended_recommending_game #reviews_did_you_enjoy_game #reviews_button_post
game-hours: 1284.8
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is the best game ever. It has many plot twist and has a great ending! Best game in the world.
game-hours: 1796.1
review: best game ever!
game-hours: 371.3
review: yatatatatatata spray 4 life me gusta
game-hours: 1693.6
review: .
game-hours: 241.1
review: awesome game ever since playing cs 1.3,1.6,source now cs go its probabl the most entertaining at the moment!!!!!
game-hours: 921.4
review: Great Game! Even a Economy of weapons that you can make money off of! -10/10 would bang
game-hours: 294.6
review: How to learn Russian in a day. And how to get banned for 90% of the time you play because your team are a bunch of numb nuts.
game-hours: 4156.3
review: Haven't played it much. Guess it's alright.
game-hours: 845.8
review: Killable Chickens 10/10
game-hours: 873.8
review: csgo source code int main() { >>>click at a person >>> >>>did he die?<Y/N> >>>N >>>did you die?<Y/N> >>>N >>>continue clicking >>> >>>did he die?<Y/N> >>>N >>>did you die?<Y/N> >>>Y >>>ggwp } return 0; end
game-hours: 1841.8
review: i mean its aite
game-hours: 510.9
review: To excel at this game you must use a stunning combination of strategy, skill and percision. A definite recommendation.
game-hours: 616.8
review: i have never played this game before. It looks amazing!!! I can only get the jist of it by just watching gameplay from youtube. 10/10 From me!!
game-hours: 859.8
review: I thought I left cosmetics for good when I quit tf2. I was wrong.
game-hours: 1156.0
review: Great game! High skill cap and based around competitive play. 10/10
game-hours: 2513.6
review: It's not 1.3-1.6, but then 1.6 is dead. Games without a flouishing population become stale and boring quickly. Same can be said about Day of Defeat 1.3. The prior 2 games are what I consider truly the best FPS' to ever hit the market. But CS:GO captures something from the days of yore, and is by far the best modern FPS on the market. The skill index is high, there's a lot to learn, Match Making serves as a nice bridge between casual pubbing to competitive play. It's not a perfect system, but acts as a nice gateway to private PUG systems like ESEA, altPUG, Leetway, and FaceIT (some more popular than others, depending on region); which act as a gateway to Open league play, so on and so forth. If you're into competitive MP FPS get this game.
game-hours: 515.7
review: m just Addicted to this game <3
game-hours: 206.3
review: If you like destroying the world or saving it from Terrorists, this is your kind of game. A FPS cooperative shooter aimed around teamwork above all else, this game is a must have. You can play either as a Counter-Terrorist or Terrorist. Your aim is to stop the other 5 players from achieving their goal in competitive mode. Other modes such as, Demolition and Arms Race are really fun as well. Competitive mode is where it's at though. You can group up with your friends or you can brave it solo trying to rank up to Global Elite. No matter what your playstyle is, enjoy the game for it's unique way of gameplay. This game is a must have if you love PC FPS.
game-hours: 1238.5
review: This ruined my social life.
game-hours: 1145.7
review: tl;dr : Counter-strike : Global Offensive will ruin your life. So you like RPG games sometimes? Maybe a good ol beat em up? Well shut your mouth cause once you get into competitive CS:GO youll never play another game AGAIN. Youll make friends that the second you get online invite you to play go, why? Cause theyre also addicted. Its been only 10 months of me playing and Ive bought it twice and have over 1k hours combined between my two accounts. Seriously dont play this game. (Obnoxious acting aside) CS:GO is the best way of showing how valve still can manage games (cause they really made someone else make this game.) in a great way! CS:GO is a game where people will hate, love and worship you all depending on how well you do in game. It takes skill devotion and a lot of anger *sheds tear*. Valve added a microtransaction system that all in all is great as it doesnt effect anything in game, theyre just skins. Thanks to places like r/globaloffensive cs:go news is fast and quickly fixed youll read about people complaining about the CZ so Valve nerfed it and now people want it buffed again! The community is okay for a FPS but the professional side has never been emphasized so much before! you get incentives for watching tournaments and betting on who will win. causing you to research and begin to love teams (Cloud9 :)). Remeber the above statement? It isnt wrong, CS:GO ruined my outlook on other games for the better I now look for more team based games instead of run and gun CoDs released every other year. This review is getting to the point where I should score the game though 10/10 Would ruin life again.
game-hours: 584.4
review: DETTA SPEL HAR FR MNGA VITA MN I SIG. DETTA VISAR INTE VRA INSATSER MED VR FREDSSTRYKA I KRIGSHRJADE LNDER!
game-hours: 664.2
review: This game has the best Chicken AI of gaming history. 10/10 would knife those chickens again. CSGO is a near-perfect multiplayer shooter. Unlike the previous versions, which were often difficult to get in to, this one offers a variety of modes that will appeal to all skill levels. It has a large community and a well supported workshop, ensuring that this discount-priced game will be around for years to come. In short, you either play as the good or bad guys and must either kill the other team or complete objectives to win the round, which will earn you more money to do the same thing again but faster. It's been around for years and has spawned many imitators. The game isn't much of a looker as it is based on the same engine as the original Half Life 2 was. However, Valve have polished it as much as they can and the community consists of lots of awesome mappers who have been churning out brilliantly imaginative and beautiful maps almost on a daily basis. Is it worth getting if you already own Counter Strike: Source? Yes. CSS was always Counter Strike shoe-horned into the Source engine. CSGO feels far more like a standalone game. Valve have very carefully listened to what people have wanted and have made a very appealing game. The best feature must be the competitive play, where you play 10 games that you cannot leave (unless you want to tarnish your reputation), after which you'll be ranked and will be paired up with people of the same skill, meaning that the game is challenging but fair no matter what skill level you are. There are all kinds of teams and communities that you can join. Really, if I was stuck on a desert island with one game this would most likely be my top choice. It's bigger than you can hope to conquer and has a huge community around it which will likely be around for years to come, something that can't be said for the Call of Duty franchise which is probably its closest rival. Remember that those games are full price and have another one churned out each year, fragmenting the community. Plus you can customise your weapon skins in CSGO. Surely that's the most important feature?! All they need to add now are hats and you might as well live in CSGO. This game has the best Chicken AI of gaming history. 10/10 would knife those chickens again.
game-hours: 63.3
review: This is my favourite game in the Cooking Mama series. Unlike the previous games, this one goes through various platforms. Strangely the PC version is the only version that's updated, I mean the SNES is a pretty big competitor to the PC. THE GAME ITSELF: "Counter-Strike: Terrorism X" is an addictive RPG game where the player must complete puzzles with his/her teammates, I personally think "Counter-Strike: A Letter to his Son About His Father" done it better, most of the community seems to agree. This creates a very competitive situation, but luckily the community knows it's all a game and is made for fun. The weapons I usually use are Energy Sword and Rail Gun. THE COMMUNITY: On the topic of community, it is by far the nicest I've ever played with, they know people make mistakes and don't have the ability to fight 5 over players by themselves. There is a kick button that's never used for the player's personal use so they may not face the penalities of deranking, as that's ridicolous and it's only a game. THE GRAPHICS: Made with Frostbite, the graphics are stunning. THE VERDICT: 4.5/5 Shrek: Forever After is good at what it does. My actual review? This game is full of people with their heads screwed so far up their asses. The community is toxic enough to make the planet extinct. It's good.
game-hours: 1603.4
review: Perfect game if you ever dreamt about pink awps and golden aks :3
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.6
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2870.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 202.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 768.0
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 238.1
review: I think it is a terrible game. It stole all of it's gamemodes from Call of Duty. CS:GO competitive is just extended search and destroy and Valve didn't even bother to rename Demolition, they must be pretty lazy. The aim sucks because the bullets don't go straight to the center but spray all over. Even with that small difference it is still blatant copy of Call of Dewty. What kind of a game steals everything from Call of Duty and doesn't implement some of the best features, like the Intervention sniper rifle. As a Silver 1 I would just like to show everyone how I quickscope in Call of Dewty. I mean, what engine is this game on? Is it that dated engine quake ran on; Just look at how good fall of duty looks each year since they revamp the engine from scratch every year. Basically, you want to play Call of Booty. CS:GO is for people who are casuals, COD is for hardcore gamres and takes sooooo much more skill. If you don't belieev me message me on steam and we can 1v1 on MW2 Rust, Quickscopes only.
game-hours: 243.6
review: this game ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 1098.5
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 289.6
review: Recomand ! :)
game-hours: 1257.8
review: crates
game-hours: 825.7
review: This game is full of autistic 12 year old butt rage. Fun game when none of that ^ is in game with you.
game-hours: 629.7
review: just a awesome game to play:D
game-hours: 1798.7
review: Best Counter Strike Series Ever !!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1642.9
review: Best game ever :D
game-hours: 281.7
review: ()
game-hours: 281.7
review: ()
game-hours: 1325.8
review: Probably the hardest FPS game i ever played Very fun, addicting etc and it actually takes skill to play +1 :)
game-hours: 484.2
review: Css was my favourite been playing since the first counter strike. this game is awesome i use to play the beta and put in like 300+ hours. then i stopped playing for a while because all my stats got reset. this game is deffinatly worth getting even for $15. most valve games are great!. 8/10 great graphics , way better than css and the sounds are improved heaps.
game-hours: 780.5
review: very shooting much headshots wow cheaters
game-hours: 1441.2
review: This game ruined my ing life. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 110.7
review: dank cod installment. gj bungee
game-hours: 1410.0
review: It is an amazing game but If you start opening cases...your gonna have a bad time.
game-hours: 627.2
review: I opened a case and I was hoping for something pretty to help me win the war on terror. I was surprised to find that I had a nice skin appear and a large grin began to appear on my face. All of a sudden, I saw a face... This face was Barney Harwood and his ninjas too. I screamed and told him no but Barney would not go away. He opened his mouth... I felt his breath through the screen. He told me that I had just been pranked by The Prank Patrol. This was my crucible.
game-hours: 1646.0
review: Really good game one of best fps games out there for pc so quit cod and battle field and come to Counter Strike Global offensive.
game-hours: 813.9
review: A full upgrade over its predecessor Counter-Strike: Source, Global Offensive manages to revive its playerbase that was lost from the previous game and (as always) introduces new players to the franchise. If I were to briefly describe it, I'd say it's a "Modern Day Classic". There are 4 modes: The main 2 are Casual and Competitive, while the other 2 are Arms Race (Gun game) and Demolition (like Gun game but a kill awards only 1 weapon to be used in the next round). There is also a Deathmatch mode, basicaly TDM, that is usually used for practising different weapons. With the Arms Deal update, which introduced camos and some weapons to the game, there are drops at the end of matches and it slightly feels like TF2, but not to that extent. The Matchmaking system is kind of "meh", although it is much better than some other games I've played. In Competitive, there is a 50-50 chance for you to join a balanced game without your team being on a losing streak (that is if you go solo....it's quite a gamble...) There are also some minor hitreg issues that are barely noticable but still important enough to determine the outcome of the round...aaaaaand it's very freaking annoying too (64 tick.... -_-) If you intend to take this game seriously, you can join a competitive team (5 people) and spend time practising recoils patterns and the like. Who knows! You might end up entering a tournament! As far as game content is concerned, new guns and camos are constantly being added to the game. Plus, Valve introduces Operations (Last one was Operation Phoenix and current one is Operation Breakout) that include a handful of new maps from the workshop. After about 2-3 months ( I may be wrong) the Operation ends and there is a vote about which maps people enjoyed the most. 2 of the most voted maps are added to the main game while some others pass on to the next Operation. The only thing I dislike about this, is the fact that a ticket is required and will set you back 6$ if you are willing buy it at the start. The price drops over time so I suggest entering when it is about a dollar or so. Overall, with the price of 11 (~15$) it's much more than you pay for and with more than 550 hours currently in the game, I can safely say I'm very satisfied. Great game 9.5/10.
game-hours: 859.4
review: Just awesome :D
game-hours: 3.1
review: filled with wannabee mlg pro players play source instead
game-hours: 32.1
review: I cant kill anyone 10/10
game-hours: 355.9
review: If you really wanna lose your nerves go ahead.
game-hours: 791.4
review: I am pro CS player. People always think I am hacking but I am just too good.
game-hours: 281.4
review: UAE FULL OF HACKERS!
game-hours: 760.3
review: this game is way better than COD
game-hours: 454.5
review: It's a great first person shooter. you can get very competitive or you can just play casual if you want to relax alittle bit. The competitive part of the game is balanced a lot, you're not going to play against alot of high skilled players if you are low rank and the other way around. Valve really thought this game through or atleast more than counter-strike: source. the weapons damage, recoil, cost and magazine size seems to be balanced enough, but some weapons are better than other, if you master them. The overwatch part is great, finally the community can decied if players are hacking or not, or they have more to say about, in the end Valve decieds i guess. when you start playing the game you really forget how long you have played. there is also skilled map makers and skins makers for the game and sometimes Valve release an update with maps and new skins. they call in an "Operation." and there is much more to love about this game, Sticker, Skins, Maps, Community and all kind of other things
game-hours: 312.5
review: Lots of muslims
game-hours: 1083.8
review: Only get if you are good :)
game-hours: 492.1
review: CS:GO is the latest game in the famous Counter-Strike series and contains a mix of many of the original features from Counter-Strike 1.6 as well as some features from Counter-Strike: Source, all with newer graphics and a couple of new weapons, all balanced close to near perfection. One of the later patches also added collective skins for the weapons, which, while not too far from the system in Team Fortress 2, doesn't impact gameplay and is purely cosmetical. There has also been added an Workshop for maps (so you can easily get custom maps) and skins (so you can submit your own). I can easily recommend this game and guarantee it will bring you many hours of good fun, provided you liked 1.6 or Source.
game-hours: 1336.8
review: dis gaem is gud
game-hours: 52.7
review: Reminds me of the good old days of CS. It's definitely an improvement in gameplay experience and graphics. Very fun!
game-hours: 1436.3
review: Beast plz buy
game-hours: 1401.1
review: Keys
game-hours: 330.7
review: Once a guy on my team shot me and then I shot him in the head and got banned for a week. 10/10
game-hours: 801.5
review: Worst ing gmae you will ever play.....its only bad because when steam takes a , which we all know happends ( that random DC from servers crap) it will ban you from compet game mode for hours some times weeks and nor STEAM or CS-GO support will do jack  to help you, so until they fix that or care about there so called "caring steam users" dont buy this ing game.
game-hours: 1305.0
review: The best first person shooter.
game-hours: 226.4
review: I got this game yesterday and i have alota fun with the game,the guns still feel like they did in css even better,Gun play is very fun specialy with the new guns,love how its still the old school no ADS only for some of the weapons,the guns themselfs feel great to use as i sayd before,and the skins themselfs are cool looking and awesome,but the prices can go from high to just pure da fuq,over all the game is fun and if you are thinking of getting it yea do get it fun and very team based shooter that reminds me of the old days when i was playing lan parties in my town on the old css pure 9/10 ,just amazes me
game-hours: 305.8
review: Amazing game, until I got banned for 15 days because of steam guard. Thanks Volvo ture american heros. Steam Guard 11/10
game-hours: 409.2
review: do not think just buy it :D (just for xp)
game-hours: 7.7
review: Need backup need backup
game-hours: 457.7
review: This game is THE FPS of the time. Better than Call of Duty. Better than Battlefield 3. Better than Arma III.  the others, Counter-Strike is in the place. What a funny, strategic and amazing game !!
game-hours: 1058.2
review: Still better than Call of Duty...
game-hours: 1169.9
review: its ok i guess
game-hours: 84.4
review: The worst game I have ever played, by far. Absolutely awful. Highly Recommend.
game-hours: 88.1
review: 1.Gather some friends for competetive match 2.Play few round and gather money 3.Everyone buy Negav/Bison 4.Rush at your enemies while shooting and screaming. 5. Win every round until your enemies surrender. 6.Repeat 10/10 EDIT: Bizon auto-locks on heads of your scared opponents, as you rush them shooting. You have bullets, they don't.
game-hours: 1859.9
review: Chicken models are fantastic. 10/10
game-hours: 1135.2
review: this is the best game i ever played D:
game-hours: 241.8
review: Awesome Game CS:GO Rocks
game-hours: 498.9
review: great game i recommend it to ppl who like muffins
game-hours: 110.7
review: dank cod installment. gj bungee
game-hours: 600.8
review: you have to be on crack to play ranked for clutch plays
game-hours: 1426.8
review: Yeah It's Good
game-hours: 1347.8
review: Best Counter Strike ever
game-hours: 416.2
review: Counter-Strike started off well. Counter-Strike:GO is different from CS:S and CS:CZ, etc. CS:GO has different guns, different maps, different spray patterns, different everything. Throw away everything you knew from CS:S because this game is different. Where the P90 was a standard SMG in CS:S, in this game, it's used as a smaller LMG. I still do love this game!
game-hours: 780.5
review: very shooting much headshots wow cheaters
game-hours: 604.7
review: Takes a while to get used to, but after a while, you'll like it. AWP op but meh 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 744.9
review: this is best game what ever made it is cool 2 haedshot noob. everything is good (map, gun, cool skin) only bad part of game when ppl insalt hair
game-hours: 484.2
review: Css was my favourite been playing since the first counter strike. this game is awesome i use to play the beta and put in like 300+ hours. then i stopped playing for a while because all my stats got reset. this game is deffinatly worth getting even for $15. most valve games are great!. 8/10 great graphics , way better than css and the sounds are improved heaps.
game-hours: 1314.4
review: the game is awseome...., i love it and i tend to play it every day :P, but the connection finder or hosting, sometimes is bad. so u chould some how figure it out ! :D thnx !
game-hours: 95.4
review: Counter strike global offensive is the newest Counter Strike game out there, CS:GO uses the same engine Portal 2 ran on (which is a source engine but modified a bit) Anyways CS:GO is a Counter terrorism / terrorism game where you can play as counter terrorists or terrorists, there are currently 4 official game modes ranging from competitive, casual and so and so. Did I mention competitive? If so CS:GO has a big competitive group (like every other counter strike game) the game also has community made maps and gun skins, so if you're good at skinning or map making you could possibly try out and put your skin / map on the workshop for this game, at the end of the day, Counter Strike Global Offensive is a must buy when on sale, and even when it's off sale, you should save up some money or just buy it.
game-hours: 151.7
review: I indeed recommend this game BUT If you buy this game... beware... you will have to face many Russians screaming BLYAT DIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE... 11/10-IGN
game-hours: 1557.8
review: RUINED MY LIFE 420/69
game-hours: 740.5
review: Dis is so guud, Shooting People and stuff!
game-hours: 871.7
review: Just a cool counter strike game which is fun. enough said go buy it.
game-hours: 960.6
review: Great game :-D
game-hours: 376.6
review: I love this game.. It's so awesome :)
game-hours: 139.4
review: Hands down the best chasing-chickens-with-knives simulator I have ever played.
game-hours: 32.5
review: VALVE REFUND ME THIS GAME IS BAD >: (
game-hours: 0.4
review: best cs game on the franchise
game-hours: 2873.0
review: Quite simply, this feels like a reskin of CS:S. Sure some backend stuff may have changed but to me as a player, it feels the same. This leaves the game in an awkward sort of limbo between old and new with fancy graphics that, if anything, make the outdated gameplay stand out more than ever. If you really love CS, but for some reason cannot play CS:S without improved graphics, get this. If you are new to the series, don't buy it or you will just end up feeling lost, hurt and confused :/
game-hours: 1541.8
review: Is good geme
game-hours: 437.4
review: This game has an amazing topology system versus Counter Strike Source, and the fact that it uses a system for item drops, sellable in the market is amazing. This is one FPS that will most likely not be abandoned for along time. A story I tell everyone is a took a break from gmod, so I went to CS:GO, and went back to garry's mod, and i could headshot a pedo bear.
game-hours: 1164.2
review: best game
game-hours: 1325.8
review: Probably the hardest FPS game i ever played Very fun, addicting etc and it actually takes skill to play +1 :)
game-hours: 3025.4
review: yes
game-hours: 1251.0
review: Cool FPS very good game :) BUY IT
game-hours: 371.3
review: yatatatatatata spray 4 life me gusta
game-hours: 629.7
review: just a awesome game to play:D
game-hours: 1462.9
review: Great gmae recomended it to all
game-hours: 262.4
review: Russians, Russians everywhere.
game-hours: 313.0
review: This Game Is Awesome When i first got this game i thought it would just be Call Of Duty or somthing but when i played it boy i was wrong. This game has actual team effort the game is realistic and the maps are so fun to learn and play. Skins are cheap and cool to get but some are like 100 dollars and i think people actually buy that O_o. Overall the game is fantastic. Pros: Realistic,Fun,Many fun community maps, etc Cons: Some people are  bags lots and lots of idle servers people brag and brag and brag about there skins -Dogdude
game-hours: 878.7
review: Learned russian, spanish and how to be patient with losing real quick.
game-hours: 916.3
review: Great game, always been the best competetive shooter out there.. follow it since the beginning!!
game-hours: 537.5
review: very good game
game-hours: 951.8
review: greatest competitive shooter of all time. this is the most recent version with upgraded graphics. there is a micro transaction markets centered around the players which allows you to trade/buy or sell weapon camos and weapon crates. it is addictive. get this game. you will enjoy it once you accustom to the obligarotary difficult spike.
game-hours: 1791.2
review: AWESOME :P lol
game-hours: 1348.7
review: Smurfs, smurfs everywhere.
game-hours: 675.7
review: GG
game-hours: 324.0
review: I would recommend this game to any competitive FPS people! It's a really fun way to play competitively and just in general have fun with your friends. The community is awesome and I couldn't ask for a more perfect game.
game-hours: 5.2
review: I love this Game :D
game-hours: 485.3
review: This Game is awesome hope more cases to come i rate 100000000/10
game-hours: 231.8
review: This game is good. Get it. It can be VERY annoying at times. But still an amazing game.
game-hours: 1075.7
review: got banned for not being able to reconnect my competitive match... the ban system is ...
game-hours: 928.4
review: A great game to play with friends, some games can be great but others can be spoilt by cvheaters and smurf accounts. All in all a good game to get into. The create opening system is good as well even though it is quite expensive it makews it more fun and enjoyable.
game-hours: 895.1
review: good game
game-hours: 12.2
review: best gaem of this all time year . ! 2014 i liek when gaem good, no so much wen bad THUBS DOWN and UP YER  2/-100... -239 BAI
game-hours: 465.9
review: A good game and funny, too!
game-hours: 61.7
review: Comptitive Game and good game for Teamwork
game-hours: 737.8
review: This game really moistens my potatoes. 9/11 would never forget.
game-hours: 30.9
review: Counter-Strike: GO doesn't fail to please me. It's a great competitive game with new guns, new modes, better graphics, and a gy community, That's pretty much the only downside... But CS:GO is a very well made competitive game. But if you are me, you would prefer CSS over this game. But both are spectacular games. Thank you once again, Valve :)
game-hours: 878.5
review: Love this game, besides from all the campers, this is really fun, join a casual competetive, and you just start rampaging, this game has amazing graphics, beautiful soundtrack, and amazing weapon sounds, although some things are worse then in cs:s (wich was the ground for competetive fps gamers) it still is amazing. Play with friends, go online, do what you want! Steam market, yus, made me happy. Buy whatever you want, getawesome cool skins for your guns, and be famous. 9/10, some bugs remain, some netcode bugs aswell (run around corner, but still die D:) But, still amazing!
game-hours: 995.6
review: This game just awesome ! so huge variety of mods .. Very fun with your friends :D
game-hours: 144.0
review: CS:GO is a extremely addicting game wich you will spend hours on just for the lol's. 9/10 Pros: -Extremely fun -Easy to play, but hard to master -Easy match finder -Specs are low -Lots of weapon and customization -Unlimited fun for 14.99 USD Con: -Trollers, cheaters, and hackers, your average multiplayer community.
game-hours: 871.7
review: Just a cool counter strike game which is fun. enough said go buy it.
game-hours: 1230.1
review: yes good buy bye
game-hours: 955.2
review: blyad  yebani haker noob teem chiter 10/10 it's alright
game-hours: 376.6
review: I love this game.. It's so awesome :)
game-hours: 139.4
review: Hands down the best chasing-chickens-with-knives simulator I have ever played.
game-hours: 825.0
review: Really good game
game-hours: 2021.1
review: lel
game-hours: 538.3
review: Best Fps competetive ever! 1.interesting. 2.competetive. 3.erotic *~*. 4.gives you a boner when you recieve a skin.
game-hours: 1267.0
review: Counter-Strike:Global Offensive as a first person shooter with a total of 34 guns to choose from. If you want to you can purchase keys and crates from either the steam store or the community store or if you're lucky you could get a crate as a random drop. Certain keys open certain crates and if you open a crate you can get one weapon per crate that you open. If you're lucky you could get something valuable like a knife which are worth $45+. There are also different conditions for each gun. Factory New Weapons usually look brand new, Minimal Wear Weapons have a few scratches on them, Field Tested Weapons are the average condition which have a few or more scratches and marks on them, Well Worn Weapons have scratches and bigger marks of colour taken off of the gun and Battle Scarred Weapons look near terrible. Overall I rate this game a 10 out of 10 for all of the different things in the game.
game-hours: 468.7
review: aka Money Simulator 2014
game-hours: 558.0
review: Russians, russians everywhere.
game-hours: 800.5
review: Great game, Great Graphics. Kiling chickens and they explode into feather confetti 10/10 best game
game-hours: 272.2
review: Man, if you are a real fan Counter-Strike, you must buy IT, believe me you will don't be dissapointed.
game-hours: 2067.7
review: I haven't played much CS:GO, but so far it's alright I guess.
game-hours: 3.3
review: niCe Game i love-It
game-hours: 1734.5
review: COD, this is online gameplay at its finest.
game-hours: 326.3
review: 10/10 would cri evrytim
game-hours: 1603.4
review: Perfect game if you ever dreamt about pink awps and golden aks :3
game-hours: 955.7
review: good game buy me safari mesh gut knife plez
game-hours: 32.3
review: This game isn't offensive at all...
game-hours: 581.4
review: This game is 50% skins, 50% skill, and 100% frustration. ggnorewp 10/10
game-hours: 474.1
review: Stronk and competitive game. Not the CoD shooter many people seem to think at all. Requires skill, tactics, knowlege and game sense to be able to do even remotely good.
game-hours: 1541.6
review: Not as good as 10 years ago, still as addictive as 10 years ago ;]
game-hours: 82.2
review: i almost clutched once... almost
game-hours: 145.7
review: No ingame sound, ask to be kicked, 7 day ban for "Being kicked too much". First time I've been kicked since I got ranked.
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.6
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2870.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 202.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 768.3
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 1256.1
review: Not Bad.
game-hours: 860.5
review: IN my 300 hours of gameplay, I find this game to be everlastingly fun! always a blast
game-hours: 712.8
review: 420/69 Counter-Stroke has joined MLG and has introduced Global Masturbation, woudl r8 8/8 for the b8 except i was l8 so i s8ted into your nans  -IGN You need 420 Gigglebytes of dedotated wam to run game. if you do -lv inthe launch options you also get a low violence mode for your chuldren, dank you for reaking my dnak review please liek and scrubscirbe dankyou <3 i want ot  you int he  mein kuk es so whordayyyyy ayyyy lmao pece out home dugy
game-hours: 974.6
review: I was obsessed before I even started playing<3
game-hours: 104.7
review: go go go
game-hours: 46.1
review: Great game very refreshing if you used to play css but if you buy this dont be a  like niall and stream if youre
game-hours: 561.4
review: 10/10
game-hours: 2013.9
review: I'm gay.
game-hours: 647.9
review: nice
game-hours: 2102.2
review: This is got for you. Requirez dem skills, and you suck first lik me, but prac prac and get beter. I improved a bit. No more i Am lAST placee, i am very decent score rates! =)
game-hours: 593.3
review: At first I was skeptical ... Then the game took away my time without me noticing like taking away a baby's candy and giving it cocaine while its looking at a bunch of kids playing with their toys . I was soon entranced by this game and when i finally got out of this trance it was already too late. 300+ hours If you tread through this land I recommend that you ready a mic and some earl grey tea because the game becomes so stressful sometimes that you lose your hairs... Literally. P.S GET GOOD AT THIS OR GO HOME !!!
game-hours: 987.3
review: learned russian 10/10 would learn again
game-hours: 5819.9
review: Counter-Strike Global Offensive is a near-perfect multiplayer shooter. Unlike the previous versions, which were often difficult to get in to, this one offers a variety of modes that will appeal to all skill levels. It has a large community and a well supported workshop that just makes the game even better.
game-hours: 518.0
review: Good.
game-hours: 25.4
review: very poor game you never get weapons (if you do they are only reskins ) and the people that play the game hate noobs a lot . This game is highly rated but for me it is not so only buy it if you have 12 to waste
game-hours: 912.3
review: ehh aint the best
game-hours: 13.8
review: Dying so many times but I still love this game, it really depends on my teammates. Love to play this game :)
game-hours: 3423.7
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a game that I really recommend to all of you because: - is cheaper than the rest from the category shooting - is a method to banish boredom - is a good method to increase your performance at aim - have a really nice graphic - have trading cards - have cool skins - have drops (you can receive items for free) - have a fair VAC staff - the skins evolve day by day - and... why you don't try? Enjoy!
game-hours: 119.4
review: People yelled at me and said I was the downfall of our team. I now suffer from low self-esteem. 10/10
game-hours: 716.1
review: I hate this game.
game-hours: 626.5
review: You don't need a better aim, you just need more bullets.
game-hours: 1037.9
review: I rub this game on my body. 10/10
game-hours: 218.0
review: Best game inthaworld to learn: Russian, French, Italian, Sweden, Finish, Spain and other east european words of familyinsulting, deathwishes and many more. If you add 5 Players to your Friendlist, there is atleast one child (max. 10 years old) and if ure nice to him you can watch him grow up, learning more languages like you do, become best friends, maybe meet one day, even if you life in other countrys, talk about differ... Do i rly talk about CS:GO, the Game and the Community? What tha  Gaben, your brain is so hard... Buy it, love it, hate it, i dont care, there are enough  and less non in this game, u wont make the difference.
game-hours: 1336.8
review: One of the best games I've ever played on Steam. REAL NIGUHS WILL PLAY THIS GAME!!!! YOU GET TO KILL ALL DA WHITE BOYZ!!! YOU JUST GOTTA HAVE AIM AND A MAC -10 AND GLOCK!!
game-hours: 428.5
review: generic shooter 0/10
game-hours: 130.1
review: realy fun and competive game
game-hours: 324.0
review: This game will ruin your life. You will loose all your friends, all of your money and, of course, you'll become an uncontrollable psychopath. 10/10. Would buy ten copies of it.
game-hours: 28.4
review: People will get addicted to this  like crack and ignore their friends I have no ing respect for this failed piece of anti-social crap Keep ing about your little knife
game-hours: 198.9
review: First experience in CS:GO. Pew pew pew pew pew pew pew. The end.
game-hours: 7.5
review: -Got on sale -Too many no lifes on here -Ded -10/10
game-hours: 553.0
review: In the wonderful world of competitive, watch your teams get steamrolled by smurfs and just plain old hackers! Win 5 rounds in a row and then not rank up the next because the great matchmaking puts you up to those conditions! Lose connection for 5 minutes? Say goodbye to competitive as you'll automatically be issued a cooldown- which consist of 30 minutes, 2 hours, 24 hours and a whole week! The cooldowns also decrease after each week of not abandoning- great system, Valve! Get ranked up then get steamrolled by smurfs the next 3 rounds, lose connection the 4th round, and then have it count as an abandon and then get deranked! That said, what a great game! 11/10 would derank, get steamrolled, aimbotted, wallhacked and lose to high ranked players using an alternate account to play against other players in the silver tiers- considered "noobs"- as practice again!
game-hours: 95.5
review: Too much fun! You'll have hours of fun experience shooting people! This is the game that is really realistic compared to modern FPS games, the engine in this feels very much like the one used in Counter-Strike: Source and that's because it is, although it's updated it's the same engine so there isn't too much to get used to. I've played hours of this with my friends and this game runs perfectly smooth on pretty much any computer even with outdated parts, the updated classic maps are really nice and the workshop community is amazing! There's sooo many custom maps to choose from and I'd highly recommend this game over any CoD! 10/10 best FPS game I've ever owned
game-hours: 161.8
review: I try to make this as short as possible, but there will still be some lines of text: I bought this game near the date of the release. My Account is more than 11 years old. I bought more than 250 games. Recently my friends asked me to play competitive matches with them. I joined them, it was a hell lot of fun. BUT - I was banned (a so called "cooldown") for each 21 hours the last 3 days because some kind of an anti-smurf "feature". After winning 2 matches you will get banned (they call it cooldown, but you will actually get banned. Naming a ban cooldown doesn't change the effect). Valve FAQ says to you, this is no big deal. You can play the other game modes, like casual or against bots. Yeah, that changes everything... Not. The competitive mode is the only reason I started playing CS:GO again, and so will many others. You have to keep in mind, you bought the game, and you are getting restricted because they want to prevent smurfs trolling around. But they do the exact opposite. I will explain that later in this review. I can't say the words here I wan't to, cause that would remove this review instantly. I am so frustrated, seeing my friends play all night long, knowing it is so much fun. Yes, the gameplay is fantastic. Intense fun. But why in world isn't there some kind of filter?! I probably spent several 1000. of Euros on Steam. The only possible reason with a healthy human mind would be Valve wanting the people to buy several copies of the game. And guess what: That's what Smurfs actually do. To summarize: Smurfs buy several copies. Legit people don't. So Multiple Accounts give an ADVANTAGE to smurfs compared to legit customers. This logic must come from one real brainiac at Valve! And the best thing I just experienced: Even the draws count as a "win". So: If you would play very close matches (which is the intention of a functioning matchmaking system) and you always get draws, you would get banned everyday for 21 hours. That's because you need 10 wins to get ranked. And only after this first 10 wins you would get rid of this mess of a smurf protection system. This can take like forever. Even with 1 win and 1 draw per playing session, this would take at least 10 days. Beeing a normal worker, you can't even play everyday. Having a family or other RL responsibilities makes this a real torture. You have to play a month here and there single sessions for 2-3 games, than quitting(getting banned), waiting at least one day (your friends might not have the exact same time slots as you do), playing another 2-3 games, and this until you reach 10 wins. This is absolutely rediculous. A real shame. By the way: Contacting the Valve Support ends up in getting an automatic response, saying that there is no chance of getting unbanned from this anti smurf system. Maybe Valve invests more time in counting money these days....
game-hours: 55.9
review: mt loko. compre.
game-hours: 698.2
review: I played this on a plane with my sound up, now I'm on the QANTAS no fly list. Thanks Valve.
game-hours: 257.4
review: This game is pretty much the best FPS on PC ever it's actually balanced unlike games *cough cough CoD* The camos are pretty cool but i'm not going to pay for them hahah lol but the games graphics are really good and the game makes sense. There's a lot of modes you can play community made modes and modes made by the devs. 9/10 There is quite a bit of Hackzorz
game-hours: 354.2
review: i hate this game
game-hours: 74.7
review: I gave this game multiple tries. Was hoping it could convince me of being a decent shooter. All i got was a pile of ! When playing "competitive" you can win two matches, TWO MATCHES, every 21 hours. Like, WTF? By matches i mean games with a team full of seven year old scrubs who don't just have no gamesense but don't even know what gamesense is nor how you would spell it. Another great feature of competitive matchmaking is that missing players are replaced by bots. You may think that would be great but hell NO! This bot won't even consider helping as a good idea. All he will do is run at the frontlines and die, waste all his money and, yet again, die. The feature in this game that lets you control bots is in this case completely useless because the bot will die WAY before anyone else can possibly die himself. So if you happen to have someone on your team who decides to leave right at the beginning of a match because he sucks balls again - well then  you because this guy just ruined your entire experience. Of course you can just leave but -oh wait no you can't because then you will be unabled to play for a senseless amount of time... As i think writing this is already too much effort for this game i won't go into detail about the "gunplay" of this game. If you want to save some money just don't buy this game. However, if you feel like wasting some money instead go ahead and buy the game and feel free to have a look at some overrated skins which will just cost you about 50$ or more.
game-hours: 323.1
review: YTHIS STUPID GAME I GET BANNED BECAUSE SOME IUNG PRICK VOTE KICKS ME
game-hours: 824.0
review: Just no, it is .
game-hours: 133.0
review: so many s
game-hours: 452.7
review: This game has so much swag, it could explode any minute... OMG
game-hours: 1237.6
review: dis gem iz quit gud i enyoz it wen i plet bomb
game-hours: 68.1
review: it sucks ^.^
game-hours: 1448.2
review: Could be perfect if they'd just add hats.
game-hours: 344.0
review: If you're good at this game in competitive you'll be called a hacker by kids that you've taken down. The struggle to get a good team is real, and you'll have to be holding on untill you get to a higher level, where your team won't roam all over the map instead of staying on their points which leads to a defeat and your team yelling at you for not being able to get an ace while they're flashbanging you. 10/10
game-hours: 184.6
review: ayy lmao nice meme
game-hours: 264.0
review: i was a new player. i became a silver elite. lots of hackers and terrible teams. 420/69 would recommend
game-hours: 475.8
review: "It's like Skyrim with guns!" - IGN The game really does offer the decisive RPG role that very little First-Person games offer. Unfortunately, it incorporates a lot of mechanics from the popular MMORPG, World of Warcraft and can at times feel like a complete clone. If you haven't played WoW, you will enjoy it, but if you have you will feel some obvious and uncomfortable similarities. The game's singleplayer is really expansive and really allows the player to explore the mystical world, known as "Pandora" and offers you to play as 1 of 4(at one given time) playable characters, all with unique personalities and trates. Brick - A slow tanky character, who at times can seem very stupid but as the game progresses his soft side opens up and you can see him as a caring personality. Roland - A military-type, honorable character who at times can seem like a pervert, who spies on young children. You can often find him stealing other characters televisions and smoking blunts. Mordecai - The only homosexual member of the group, can be found in massive orgies. His fetish is bleeding anuses. Lilith - A complete autistic, psychopath who can be found having sex with skags and fondling herself. The characters enrole in the US military, where they will fight their way throughout a Chinese insurgency. The campaign really demonstrates the power of the games "Frostbite 3 engine" and really drops the players jaw at any given moment. The multiplayer can be described as "Call of Duty with swords" and offers 4 playable classes, Knight, Vanguard, Man at arms and Archer. All of which are equally effective in the art of combat. The mutliplayer takes place in 14th century Europe where being heterosexual was a crime and gay orgies were public(which later resulted in the spread of the black plague) so don't let your kids play, because they might immitate the gay orgies that the NPC's participate in. The community is made up of 12 year olds using their mothers' laptops. 15/10 its ok. In all actuality this game isn't as great as everyone says it is. Honestly, it has less depth than CoD, and an even worse community. Yes, a community of people with superiority complexes because they play a FPS that's not CoD. Think Battlefield community, except with people who think they're super pro leet. As far as gameplay goes, it's solid, and the maps are probably the best part of this game. Other than that, dull, repetitive, and has a  matchmaking system. 6/10
game-hours: 703.5
review: 8 year old called me a hacker 11/10
game-hours: 302.7
review: Skins. Knifes. Graphics. What else do we want
game-hours: 442.1
review: I for one believe the best part of this game is killing chickens. That is all there is.
game-hours: 412.1
review: Counter Strike Global Offensive ... Counter Strike efsanesinin son versiyonu ... 90l nesli harlksz brakan , internet kafelere kilitleyen bir neslin sinir hastal sahibi olmasnda pay sahibi olan efsanevi oyun... Ne kadar ok serisi olsada Cs 1.6 en ok tutulan oldu hala daha belli bir oyuncu kitlesi var ... Bana gre Cs 1.6 dan sonra en ok tutulacak 2. versiyon diyebilirim ... neyse gelelim incelememize Artlar +Oyun dier serilere gre daha iyi grafiklere sahip + Daha ok silah var ve dier serilere gre belli bir silaha taklp kalmyorsunuz .. Her silah kullanl olmu bu oyunda . +Silah skinleri ; marketten alnabilir , oyun iinde den kasalar ap elde edebilirsiniz . Ne iime yarar diyorsanz sadece gze hitap eder baka arts yok +Ma sistemi ve oyun modlar gayet dzenli ve iyi alyor . Sadece rekabetide ok sebepsiz eylerden ban yiyebiliyorsunuz. Mesela takm arkadn attn 1 hafta ban . Evet ne alaka diyebilirsiniz ama var :) +Hs atmak bence daha zorlat dier serilere gre zellikle Ak47 ile hs atmak artk herkesin harc deil :) Eksileri - ok nadirde olsa hilecilere denk gelebiliyorsunuz. zaten reportladnzda direk vac yiyor bir dahada malara vs. katlamyor - ve Rus troller ... bu oyunda rus troller ok var. Dua edin mata denk gelmeyin yoksa o ma size zehir olur :) Sonu olarak her ne kadar Cs 1.6 kadar efsane olamayacak olsada 1.6dan sonra en ok tutulan seri olaca kesin :) Puan : 10/10
game-hours: 788.5
review: meh
game-hours: 551.1
review: Game full of Russians, who think they are master tacticians and tell you to go  yourself when you are trying to tell them something. 10/10 - would learn Russian tactics again.
game-hours: 984.8
review: "nice skin fageyt" "clutch or kick" "tryhard try harder pls" "fukc this game im gonna go play tf2" 10/10
game-hours: 93.6
review: only took me 40 hours to beat ! but still fun game much beter than counter strike 1 (because only rich people play this, u will avoid chinese and russian!!!)
game-hours: 513.1
review: AWWWW YEAH!! This game is so ing good that is gave my friend an erection so hard that it just ripped through his pants and went through the ceiling. Holy ing nipples. I would sell my ing house just so I could buy about 100,000 copies of this game. It's that ing good. Praise ing Counter-Strike. I'm going to march my way to Valve and shake their hands for creating such a marvelous ing masterpiece. You can't forget that this game has like 0 smurfs. Oh and also nobody hacks at all. Everybody is so ing pure when they play this game and not a single person cheats. ING YES. I LOVE ING COUNTER-STRIKE
game-hours: 595.5
review: Russian Money Wasting Simulator 10/10 Would go broke again
game-hours: 38.7
review: Jesus is sexy. So very very sexy. And he useth of the M4A1 to rapey of scums. Thy Lord GOD hast spoken.
game-hours: 507.6
review: BUY IT NOW!!!
game-hours: 782.5
review: The only Russian learning program you'll ever need. 10/10 would blyat again
game-hours: 480.6
review: Pros: No Russians Cons: Little Blue People who like to ruin your game because they suck complete .
game-hours: 113.9
review: Good game,totally revived the Counter Strike series,but the AUG aim...I cant even talk about it,but in general it is a good game for old and new cs players.
game-hours: 1145.7
review: tl;dr : Counter-strike : Global Offensive will ruin your life. So you like RPG games sometimes? Maybe a good ol beat em up? Well shut your mouth cause once you get into competitive CS:GO youll never play another game AGAIN. Youll make friends that the second you get online invite you to play go, why? Cause theyre also addicted. Its been only 10 months of me playing and Ive bought it twice and have over 1k hours combined between my two accounts. Seriously dont play this game. (Obnoxious acting aside) CS:GO is the best way of showing how valve still can manage games (cause they really made someone else make this game.) in a great way! CS:GO is a game where people will hate, love and worship you all depending on how well you do in game. It takes skill devotion and a lot of anger *sheds tear*. Valve added a microtransaction system that all in all is great as it doesnt effect anything in game, theyre just skins. Thanks to places like r/globaloffensive cs:go news is fast and quickly fixed youll read about people complaining about the CZ so Valve nerfed it and now people want it buffed again! The community is okay for a FPS but the professional side has never been emphasized so much before! you get incentives for watching tournaments and betting on who will win. causing you to research and begin to love teams (Cloud9 :)). Remeber the above statement? It isnt wrong, CS:GO ruined my outlook on other games for the better I now look for more team based games instead of run and gun CoDs released every other year. This review is getting to the point where I should score the game though 10/10 Would ruin life again.
game-hours: 584.4
review: DETTA SPEL HAR FR MNGA VITA MN I SIG. DETTA VISAR INTE VRA INSATSER MED VR FREDSSTRYKA I KRIGSHRJADE LNDER!
game-hours: 451.9
review: This game cool
game-hours: 833.4
review: Gr8 Game M8 I R8 8/8
game-hours: 59.9
review: I suck too much at this game but still like it over any other "modern" FPS like CoD, Titanfall, BF4 etc.
game-hours: 664.2
review: This game has the best Chicken AI of gaming history. 10/10 would knife those chickens again. CSGO is a near-perfect multiplayer shooter. Unlike the previous versions, which were often difficult to get in to, this one offers a variety of modes that will appeal to all skill levels. It has a large community and a well supported workshop, ensuring that this discount-priced game will be around for years to come. In short, you either play as the good or bad guys and must either kill the other team or complete objectives to win the round, which will earn you more money to do the same thing again but faster. It's been around for years and has spawned many imitators. The game isn't much of a looker as it is based on the same engine as the original Half Life 2 was. However, Valve have polished it as much as they can and the community consists of lots of awesome mappers who have been churning out brilliantly imaginative and beautiful maps almost on a daily basis. Is it worth getting if you already own Counter Strike: Source? Yes. CSS was always Counter Strike shoe-horned into the Source engine. CSGO feels far more like a standalone game. Valve have very carefully listened to what people have wanted and have made a very appealing game. The best feature must be the competitive play, where you play 10 games that you cannot leave (unless you want to tarnish your reputation), after which you'll be ranked and will be paired up with people of the same skill, meaning that the game is challenging but fair no matter what skill level you are. There are all kinds of teams and communities that you can join. Really, if I was stuck on a desert island with one game this would most likely be my top choice. It's bigger than you can hope to conquer and has a huge community around it which will likely be around for years to come, something that can't be said for the Call of Duty franchise which is probably its closest rival. Remember that those games are full price and have another one churned out each year, fragmenting the community. Plus you can customise your weapon skins in CSGO. Surely that's the most important feature?! All they need to add now are hats and you might as well live in CSGO. This game has the best Chicken AI of gaming history. 10/10 would knife those chickens again.
game-hours: 63.3
review: This is my favourite game in the Cooking Mama series. Unlike the previous games, this one goes through various platforms. Strangely the PC version is the only version that's updated, I mean the SNES is a pretty big competitor to the PC. THE GAME ITSELF: "Counter-Strike: Terrorism X" is an addictive RPG game where the player must complete puzzles with his/her teammates, I personally think "Counter-Strike: A Letter to his Son About His Father" done it better, most of the community seems to agree. This creates a very competitive situation, but luckily the community knows it's all a game and is made for fun. The weapons I usually use are Energy Sword and Rail Gun. THE COMMUNITY: On the topic of community, it is by far the nicest I've ever played with, they know people make mistakes and don't have the ability to fight 5 over players by themselves. There is a kick button that's never used for the player's personal use so they may not face the penalities of deranking, as that's ridicolous and it's only a game. THE GRAPHICS: Made with Frostbite, the graphics are stunning. THE VERDICT: 4.5/5 Shrek: Forever After is good at what it does. My actual review? This game is full of people with their heads screwed so far up their asses. The community is toxic enough to make the planet extinct. It's good.
game-hours: 11.7
review: Maybe if it's on sale...
game-hours: 17.1
review: The Fresh Lord is very pleased with this game and he says keep up the good work #SoFresh #Maybe2Fresh #NahThereIsNo2Fresh #FreshLord #GreatGame #Mac10IsTheBestGun
game-hours: 1074.8
review: Great Game never gets boring
game-hours: 1894.6
review: Ruined my life 6/5.
game-hours: 101.5
review: I was only 13 years old. I loved CS:GO so much. I had all the sticker offers. I pray to Gaben every night, hoping I would unbox a stattrak some day. "Gaben is love," I said. "Gaben is life." My dad overhears me and calls me a hacker. I know he's just jealous that I got recruited into FaZe clan. I call him a hardscoper. My dad no scopes me and sends me to my room. As I feel my numb face, I turn on my PC and log into Steam. My hands are shivering as I click on the "PLAY" button to open up CS:GO "I'll show that hardscoper," I said. I open up the Steam Market Place, and purchase 20 Half Life 3 Cases and Keys. 10 minutes have passed by, and I've unboxed 19 sticker capsules. As I move my cursor over to the final case, I click and select "OPEN". My cursor moves even slower as I move it towards the giant, green "USE KEY" button. I click the button. As I see all of these weapons fly by, the scroll finally starts slowing down. "I can't look," I said to myself. "My dad will noscope me when he see's that I've spent six grand on super exclusive and rare Half Life 3 Cases and Keys. I close my eyes and listen as I hear Gaben laughing over me, as if I am almost certain that I did not get a knife. I open my eyes. A large clump of feces leaves my  very quick, as my eyes look at the item I have just been given by the Holy Gaben himself. Another clump starts sliding out as I stand up to run to my dad to tell him that I've just unboxed a StatTrak Negev | Desert-Strike (Field-Tested) My dad cries as he suddenly gets his Steam account hacked by OpTic. I pull out my new gun and quickscopes his face. I then walk into my room, take my pants off, and thrust my pelvic region into the air, imagining Gaben with me. "Gaben is love, Gaben is life."
game-hours: 485.3
review: Very good game ! It is very interesting and also good to play with friends :D And with selling guns you can fast earn real life money !
game-hours: 204.5
review: i shot an  in the face, it was fun af
game-hours: 585.9
review: Dis game is full of fun: Dust II, Dust II, Dust II, Dust II, Chikens, Chikens, Derank, Derank. 10/10
game-hours: 68.0
review: smurfing is a huge problem in this game
game-hours: 650.8
review: At its core Global Offensive/Counter Strike is a brutal shooter which in its prime was probably the number one cause of broken Microsoft mouses. The emphasis on death is probably the only aspect of this series that has kept me around. It creates an atmosphere that games like Battlefield and Call of Duty cannot and with no health regeneration, each encounter with each enemy is a life threatening situation. The game is simply tactful; its brilliant when youre alive and even when youre dead the game is still fun to watch other players.
game-hours: 838.5
review: Very good game, thumb's up from me.
game-hours: 654.2
review: I don't know if I should hate this or make more people hate this. It's really not superior in any aspect except for it's decent graphics and competitive mode. I'm still recommending this though since I have accidentally wasted a lot of time on it.
game-hours: 1400.3
review: Yes.
game-hours: 297.0
review: This game is: 10% luck 20% skill 15% concetrated power of will 5% pleasure 50% pain AND 100% REASON TO PURCHASE THE GAME.
game-hours: 1035.9
review: .
game-hours: 799.2
review: I spent a lot of money on skins and im still Silver 1 0/10
game-hours: 164.3
review: I'll hack in it!
game-hours: 136.3
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is in many ways, the definitive CS game. Not in all ways, however. Let's go over the things that other people don't, like the characters. Unlike in Source, every single faction, including SEAL, GIGN, Elite Crew, and the rest of the gang, all have unique radio commands, and more than one soundclip for every command. It's amazing. "Three menaces left." (It will make you laugh when you hear it.) Valve (or Hidden Path, I don't know) realised that everybody chose certain factins for certain maps, so choosing your own skin is out of the question. However, each faction has an assigned map, and there is more than one model within factions. For example, some EC members will be wearing hijaabs, some will have hankercheifs. The counter-terrorists don't have any obvious differences, though. Another reason not to play as a CT. Now, the weapon balancing. Mostly the SG 553 and the AUG. I kept playing Source, and in Source, we didn't have the buffs the weapons do in GO. Yet, they were still worth the extra money. Why? The scope. We don't need OHK headshots if we get two headshots so easily. It saddens me when someone thinks I just use the SG for the armor penetration. No, the world would be ours even without it, menaces. The Molotov and the incendinary aren't any Water Jetpack or anything (Refer to Worms: Clan Wars), and of course, the terrorist variant is better. No fuse. Yet another reason. The maps. On a competitive aspect, they're exactly the same. On a Source fan addict, they're dissapointing. You know how in Source, the barrels could be knocked around anywhere? Not in GO. Oh, no. At least have a movable one near the bombsite, so we can hide it! Also, there are some jokes for bilinguals. Haha, Dust II. If only you took place in Egypt. Last but not least, the community. They're still s, don't worry. However, the annoying PLZ TRADE quality is now in GO too. TL;DR, get it if you don't care about prop barrels. I got used to it. The new weapons don't unbalance anything. 9/10, no whiskey.
game-hours: 773.8
review: im better then kennys
game-hours: 549.3
review: Gutes Spiel! Lsst sich super im Team spielen und macht Spa.
game-hours: 217.3
review: very addictive and fun , if you play with the right team
game-hours: 1506.2
review: Fun game. Hard to master, takes a lot of skill.
game-hours: 1400.5
review: Yes.
game-hours: 297.0
review: This game is: 10% luck 20% skill 15% concetrated power of will 5% pleasure 50% pain AND 100% REASON TO PURCHASE THE GAME.
game-hours: 1035.9
review: .
game-hours: 327.8
review: iz guud
game-hours: 1.8
review: Rage, RAGE EVERYWHERE! Counter stike is boring.
game-hours: 91.4
review: the game is fun BUT too much wallhax aimbots cheaters :/
game-hours: 867.5
review: Suks
game-hours: 501.9
review: I am now a Leader in ISIS because of this game.
game-hours: 519.6
review: Best game for killing chickens. 10/10
game-hours: 128.8
review: ~Beginner's guide~ 1. Buy P90 2. Hold left click 3. Push W
game-hours: 494.6
review: Counter-Strike: Indian Call Centre Will get $1000 stolen by hijacker, with Valve then refusing to give my items back again. Luv gaem everywun shoold buy eet.. 11/10 - IGN Will get Hijacked again.
game-hours: 91.4
review: the game is fun BUT too much wallhax aimbots cheaters :/
game-hours: 824.0
review: 11/10 Chickens are dressed up on holidays. Skins are lyfe. And I shoot people, and they die. Sometimes they don't die and you're a scrub. Then you resort to hacking in matchmaking. GO to global elite. Then get banned. EZ!
game-hours: 247.5
review: good game
game-hours: 917.4
review: I have over 750 hours, I don't think I need a review
game-hours: 545.3
review: Everytime I play this game, my guy gets ing mulched. People sit in the portopotties more than an eldery man pooping his guts out. People trade rainbow guns like its the ing Black Market. 10/10
game-hours: 545.2
review: 7 day ban simulator!
game-hours: 732.2
review: how do you rocket jump in this game
game-hours: 165.2
review: kfc for dinner tonight
game-hours: 959.7
review: Counter-Strike: Gobal Offensive or known as CS:GO is a very fun and intense FPS game along with sportsmanship ,communication with other players ,and competitive with other players. I would spend more than $50 at this time period but in the future i would probably invest more than $100 or so. CS:GO is probably gonna be my most often game that i will play now instead of Garry's Mod(which is a really ,really good game before i had CS:GO) but for now i want to say to all those people that don't have CS:GO you should get it full price or on sale if you are lucky ,its definitely a worthy investment even if it is full price. For those people that have CS:GO play some more of CS:GO with friends or by yourself ,whatever you perfer CS:GO is a awesome FPS game that i have played. CS:GO right now is $14.99 if you people needed to know. Buy it now!
game-hours: 339.0
review: ~
game-hours: 525.6
review: Runescape meets DayZ.
game-hours: 1580.1
review: I got 1 headshot, now im global elite :O
game-hours: 778.5
review: Good game :D
game-hours: 636.8
review: BEST GAME............. EVAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAR! Hope this helped you #Buy this game.
game-hours: 631.2
review: You either die a scrub or you get called a hacker after every kill.
game-hours: 1110.7
review: As a player with huge heart for Quake 3 Arena I used to hate Counter-Strike without really trying to play it. I just saw that people really camp a lot there and something like running or strafing isn't a real option there.. But the the Summer sales on Steam hit me right into my head and I decided to give CS go a try. I've tried the CS 1.6 and Source too but as it is now, ppl mostly play CS:GO so I sticked to that. I spend quite a lot of time on this game, I don't think I'm bad.. guess some of my aim and call for fast thinking from Quake was left in me :). Conclusion: CS:GO is a nice FPS game, maybe too good graphics for me, cause sometimes it's really hard to see the enemy or to determine if it's a friend or an enemy :D.. anyway as long as it's a team game I recommend playing it with friends, because random ppl not always know what TEAMplay does mean. Have fun!
game-hours: 127.6
review: It's a game that takes a lot of time and effort to become the best with any help with the past cs games, csgo has improved and enhance the level of quality and gameplay so much that it makes you go " what about half - life 3.." In which Gabe will reply " I can't count to three" knowingly as he said three, anyways the game includes guns with camos called "skins" by 7 year olds even though there is no animal or human skin on the fire arm itself, weirdos, with these "skins" user often do business with each other I order to get a certain gun similar to team fortress 2 but with the added bonus of that your "skins" help you kill the enemies, thanks a lot Hats. Not only that csgo also has a competitive mode where hackers and people who don't go outside all to much, go in and err "Rekt face" but if you manage to avoid them and win enough games, this will allow you to rank up. YES! Rank up so you feel much better pulling that trigger Overall 69/10 would play all day
game-hours: 112.3
review: Do you have someone in your friend list that you dislike? Don't worry! Just play a competitive match with him and it'll surely destroy your "friendship". Gr8 game m8 8/8
game-hours: 803.3
review: Hello fellow autism. good in/10+1rep trader game. T on heaven awping. you missed him you ing idiot  cunt! Actual quote from ingame. 0/10 would not awpgasm again! good point and click adventure at the end. ty for visit. please dont lowball shark my $12 knife skin pls boss
game-hours: 303.7
review: sucks
game-hours: 196.3
review: all the guns are op except for the mp7  you guys
game-hours: 682.5
review: i say yes to achiv
game-hours: 817.6
review: potato
game-hours: 835.6
review: good game just dont be a scrub
game-hours: 1369.7
review: Excellent game, especially for the price. If you've played any of the Previous CS games, it'll be fairly easy to learn the mechanics. If this is your first ever CS game, you better play the Weapons Course and a couple of matches against bots before you jump into a pub thinking you can 360 no scope headshot everyone on the enemy team. They also added something that hasn't been in any previous CS games, which is weapons camos. The system is quite similar to TF2. After a game is over, you have a chance of getting a weapon skin or case. It's a timed thing, so chances are you'll only get one or two items every 7-8 games. At first I didn't like this update because stuff like this doesn't belong in CS. However, I've grown accustomed to it and have spent quite a bit of money on keys for various gun cases. If you have the emone, buy it. If you don't like it, then atleast you didn't break the bank.
game-hours: 2177.0
review: 1,000 hours of my life gone. lol
game-hours: 2177.0
review: 1,000 hours of my life gone. lol
game-hours: 500.7
review: :)
game-hours: 792.8
review: This game requires a lot of practice for begginers (I'm not saying I'm not a beginner). CS GO is an extremely high tickrated game which has been made extremely well. I suggest everyone into FPS should buy this and other kinds of gamers should at least think of buying. One of my favourite games. 10/10
game-hours: 643.1
review: Chickens in every map "Amazing" - IGN
game-hours: 573.9
review: ?----------------------------------------- !           ?---------- !   ?-------------------------------------------- !    ?----------------------------------------------- !       ?------------------------- !       <<>>?------------------------- !   ?------------------------------------------------- ! """""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""         ..!!!
game-hours: 1295.1
review: godoododogood
game-hours: 1071.2
review: How to play CS:GO - ACTIVATE SANIC MODE, JOIN PHASE, AND GET NO SCOPED! 1337/69 IGN would buy again!
game-hours: 636.8
review: BEST GAME............. EVAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAR! Hope this helped you #Buy this game.
game-hours: 357.4
review: This Game is AWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOME!!!
game-hours: 25.6
review: yes
game-hours: 1021.7
review: I'm Counter Strike and I find this Global Offensive
game-hours: 374.7
review: Bulls**t the Video Game got banned for a week cause my friend unplugged pc Died cause apparently armor doesnt do anything 10/10 would die again
game-hours: 631.2
review: You either die a scrub or you get called a hacker after every kill.
game-hours: 138.2
review: Long, long time CS fan and player. This one holds up to the original whilst bringing it up to date with all the other online FPS's out there. All the characteristics of CS & CS:Soruce are retained and creates the old simplistic adrenline rush it has done for well over a decade now. Every steam member should have this game.
game-hours: 173.7
review: I think this game is pretty awesome. I enjoyed it a lot.
game-hours: 778.5
review: Good game :D
game-hours: 339.0
review: ~
game-hours: 2166.1
review: This game requires NO TEAM BASED EFFORT! I wasted over $300 on this game through microtransactions. This game turned me into a fat loney white child. Please buy this game if you want to be like me!
game-hours: 337.5
review: COUNTER STRIKE GO...... AMAZINGLY FUN <3
game-hours: 165.2
review: kfc for dinner tonight
game-hours: 86.8
review: It's basically Hide & Seek with Guns. Loser Dies.
game-hours: 2166.1
review: This game requires NO TEAM BASED EFFORT! I wasted over $300 on this game through microtransactions. This game turned me into a fat loney white child. Please buy this game if you want to be like me!
game-hours: 1868.0
review: The only FPS that defines team based strategic play in the FPS genre. - THE eSports FPS title to be a part of. (Duels i'd say Quake 3 / Live of course but..) Been around since 99' I started late 1.4 and played thousands upon thousands of hours of 1.5-1.6 for years - I did not dig source so I lost interest in CS as a franchise but had fond memories. - I got into the testing closed alpha of CS GO and immediately felt something fresh, new and different than what I'd expected - and it felt more like 1.6 than Source. Now flash forward to the modern day July 2014 updated version of it after 2 years and ... It's become the absolute best Counter-Strike game - tops any versions (1.3/1.4/1.5 being favorites amongst the oldschoolers; I do miss Mansion / 747 / the VIP mode which should COME BACK) - I feel tops 1.6; and for modern times is a must; as 1.6 makes my eyes bleed in a way that no other older title does. - it literally makes me dizzy =/ Even HL1 does not which is what is very odd about that :P Quake 1's gorgeous world years prior is still stunning to me -shrugs- as for source; elements of what made Source fans uhh... Enjoy ... Source are .. here as well mixed in perfectly with all the A+ 1.6 elements; along with the new ideas that REALLY make the game shine. Also the communities skins, and maps have my wallet thin. - Wind Nvidia 3D - Professional Multi-Genre Gamer - XI Geforce eSports CSGO leader.
game-hours: 693.4
review: i liked it, 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 335.7
review: Its one of the best FPS games out there right now a i throughly enjoyed it, i hope everyone who plays CS:GO will enjoy the game to its fullest ;)
game-hours: 646.4
review: sh it
game-hours: 214.6
review: This game is one of the best games if you get it you will  your pants
game-hours: 52.4
review: I think this game is pretty awesome. I enjoyed it a lot.
game-hours: 173.7
review: If you have a lag stutter for ten seconds, the game dc's you and you get 0 dollars for a round or two, since ten seconds of lag can disable steam for three minutes. The bot AI will buy a glass cannon awp and then run into the enemy no matter how many or even if one person says to hold position. You can't surrender until your leaver gets the 5 minute pass and sometimes your autistic allies will try to make the game continue so that you lose rounds and derank more. It takes around 15 seconds after death to actuall be able to take control of the bot, and to top it all off the game has one of the most infamously bad hit registrations of any modern competetive fps.
game-hours: 439.4
review: Taken at cl_interp 0 They made the netcode in defualt matchmaking as absolutly terrible as it could possibly be. There are obscure indies that do netcode better than this game. If you don't plan to just play esea/cevo then avoid this shitheap.
game-hours: 464.5
review: If anything you should play this just to deprive MOBAs of eSport market share. Good game: tense, competitive, addictive fun.
game-hours: 426.6
review: I shoot people, they die, the end.
game-hours: 643.6
review: CSGO is great game best game I r8 8/8 m8s
game-hours: 345.7
review: I put a lot of time into this game and I got pretty decent at it, but it got to a point where victories were no longer satisfying and losses were usually the results of really salty teammates or smurfing/scripting enemies. I have over 300 hours and I paid $15 for the game, so I no doubt got my money's worth, but half of it wasn't even enjoyable. It really comes down to what kind of matches you get put in, but I think you'll find yourself getting annoyed with the game more than enjoying it past a certain point.
game-hours: 435.5
review: Best Game Ever Time 11\10
game-hours: 317.2
review: $15 well spent. If you haven't played CS 1.6 or anything prior, you need the game. If you have played the old <1.6, you really need the game. If you have not played counter strike, this game is slightly more noob-friendly, as it has a variety of game modes. Throw in a beautiful achievement system, and trading cards, click buy.
game-hours: 590.2
review: this game is better than my memes
game-hours: 46.3
review: Very Cool game! Better than 1.6. :)
game-hours: 4656.6
review: Addicting
game-hours: 2805.4
review: CS was the game that started everything, it also started a thing called eSports, and CSGO will continue what CS started. CSGO is a skill-based shooter, its not like CoD where you just *point & click*, here, its different, the spray paterns of the guns make them harder to controll, unless you can manage to controll it If your new to CS, its NOT going to be easy, you would need to practice A LOT And my rating is... 11/10 well obviously hackers abd bugs are there, but its been amazing what the developers have done for the game. <3 Viva La Go!
game-hours: 675.1
review: remembering me about childhood, 10/10 FPS ALL THE TIME!
game-hours: 315.0
review: Full of action full of fun and full of friends! Every match I find action and its always fun! I really like this game because I can always get joy into this game. Its full of people, I can find a match under 20 seconds. and there is a lot of maps if you buy passes, what are passes? passes give you skins from drops and cases which are worth a lot of money but they go down in a while, but you have to buy the passes for $2.50 cents. Which you can earn you money back in a day or two. so now you know how fun this game really is, buy it any price!
game-hours: 764.6
review: Best Multiplayer FPS on the market.
game-hours: 342.7
review: kitty sucks at comp
game-hours: 174.5
review: this is a good game tho ,but ,yea, but ,did they ever thinkin about change the name to Counter-Strike: What The  ? i mean the macth sys is just so fked up and some time the other team just do the impossible  all the time like they r just drinkin a bottle of water and my team is like walkin around like those drunks just hade tons of vodka......
game-hours: 847.1
review: After 500 hours of shooting walls in offline dust 2 i finally got to silver 1 #Road2GlobalElite
game-hours: 1781.5
review: Amazing FPS game!! +++
game-hours: 375.2
review: This has to be my favourite PC shooter. It can be fun to play casually or competetivley, and is also quite easy to get into. Although the tutorial kinda sucks, if you have a friend that plays they should be able to teach you, and before you know it you will be Master Guardian.
game-hours: 373.0
review: CQCK-Stroke:Gay Orgy.
game-hours: 138.1
review: If you don't like this game... well, nobody cares.. This is abso-.ing-lutely a great game! 11/10
game-hours: 138.1
review: If you don't like this game... well, nobody cares.. This is abso-.ing-lutely a great game! 11/10
game-hours: 667.6
review: its kinda like smoking meth it ruins your life but you still play it
game-hours: 8.7
review: this game is so full of cheaters that it should be simply banned
game-hours: 1044.8
review: The only relevant esport FPS.
game-hours: 486.7
review: Volvo.
game-hours: 1779.3
review: Best game EU.
game-hours: 1575.3
review: Truly a great FPS for hardcore gamers and casuals to be immersed in a very tactical, skill-based game where communication is crucial.
game-hours: 170.5
review: I don't own this game. It's great
game-hours: 1525.0
review: 10/10 always gets me hard.
game-hours: 1222.6
review: Not your typical hack and slash game uncomparable to the call of duty franchise. Without team work theres is a fine margin for success. A player must be constantly aware of his enviroment, understanding the locations of surrounding vantage points and flank routes. One must also have the ability to listen for footsteps and with that information you can deduce an enemies location.Global offensive also offers a wide variety of weapon skins allowing you to customize your weapons for a more pleasurable experience.So far i have yet to meet a hacker and CS:GO remains suspensful and exciting at every turn of the corner. PS: whatever you do, DON'T peak an awp
game-hours: 1043.1
review: This game is good. I recommend this game. Meridian is an anchor Please buy this game.
game-hours: 1211.9
review: A game that wasnt "mainstream" for like 2 years after its release, thanks to valve attracting rich boys, nubs, and everything else aids, its now popular between the gamers To put it clearly, i can tell you some things -Dont play solo que on competetive, nobody is communicative in silver till Master guardian league, if you are in the EU, you are pretty much screwed by our beloved  blyat people (russians) -Go play with bots, deathmatch, or community servers, tbh tip videos wont make you better, they tell you waht to do, but if you dont practice for hundreds of hours, dont expect skill coming to you immediatly, you dont gain skill if you dont improve, many people dont seem to get that -Play this with friends, its most fun with friends, solo que will either ruin the game for you or make it irritating. The new CS:GO introduces the ranking system, which is not perfect, and its sometimes ruined by smurfs, but eh, thats something. Also thanks vac, for banning 2k people this year, thats an improvment (Implying no cheating, dont waste your 10 dollars on a hack for 1 game) CSGO also has community servers with things like- Bunny hop, surf, aim maps, normal maps, deathrun, knife maps and much more! Its very fun in case you start to get bored of cs After playing this game for nearly 900 hrs, i say its worth the buy Just try to gather a group, and have a blast playing this c: -hf-Wuffle
game-hours: 242.6
review: BANNED FOR AUTISM
game-hours: 4.0
review: If you like garbage, this game is for you! Outdated gameplay and overpriced, money-grabbing skin gambling.
game-hours: 24.7
review: the police
game-hours: 1947.0
review: Gut.
game-hours: 69.1
review: This game is amazing will post reasons 1) Doesn't crash at all 2) Well optimized 3) Amazing community: 7:51 PM - Lamarr: you realize 7:51 PM - Lamarr: this game is 10x easier than source 7:56 PM - Lamarr: hurry up angry kid 4) Intelligent Players: 7:53 PM - Lamarr: so angry 7:46 PM - Lamarr: i got deranked 5) Better than 1.6 and SOURCE. 6) Recoil makes the game FUN 7) Intelligent Players 8) Intelligent Players 9) Doesn't crash at all 10) Doesn't crash at all 11) A challenging yet casual game 12) The amazing CS:GO economy 13) The Hats BR?
game-hours: 9.1
review: 10/10 NOT LIKE BLACKSHIT
game-hours: 936.7
review: you can buy fake weapons with real money!
game-hours: 670.2
review: OTLICHNAYA IGRA, 64 TICK, POLOMATIY POISK, CHITAKI V MM, 10 KEISOV IZ 10, <3 GABEN
game-hours: 670.2
review: OTLICHNAYA IGRA, 64 TICK, POLOMATIY POISK, CHITAKI V MM, 10 KEISOV IZ 10, <3 GABEN
game-hours: 1211.9
review: A game that wasnt "mainstream" for like 2 years after its release, thanks to valve attracting rich boys, nubs, and everything else aids, its now popular between the gamers To put it clearly, i can tell you some things -Dont play solo que on competetive, nobody is communicative in silver till Master guardian league, if you are in the EU, you are pretty much screwed by our beloved  blyat people (russians) -Go play with bots, deathmatch, or community servers, tbh tip videos wont make you better, they tell you waht to do, but if you dont practice for hundreds of hours, dont expect skill coming to you immediatly, you dont gain skill if you dont improve, many people dont seem to get that -Play this with friends, its most fun with friends, solo que will either ruin the game for you or make it irritating. The new CS:GO introduces the ranking system, which is not perfect, and its sometimes ruined by smurfs, but eh, thats something. Also thanks vac, for banning 2k people this year, thats an improvment (Implying no cheating, dont waste your 10 dollars on a hack for 1 game) CSGO also has community servers with things like- Bunny hop, surf, aim maps, normal maps, deathrun, knife maps and much more! Its very fun in case you start to get bored of cs After playing this game for nearly 900 hrs, i say its worth the buy Just try to gather a group, and have a blast playing this c: -hf-Wuffle
game-hours: 643.3
review: Dieses Spiel ist eines der schlechtesten, schlimmsten, langweiligsten, entuschensten und absoluter KOT ist es dazu! Nur Smurfer und Idioten wie z.B MrToastman sind da unterwegs! TROTZDEM EINE KLARE KAUFEMPFEHLUNG !!!! TOP 1 von 10 Sternen !!!
game-hours: 358.4
review: Is CS:GO for God's sake.Everybody loves this game :)
game-hours: 228.5
review: game sucks
game-hours: 74.3
review: >play competitive >killed >abandon >uninstall >reinstall >repeat 2/10 best game of the year
game-hours: 1397.7
review: What can i say, Counter Stike: Global Offensive is one if the best FPS i have ever played (and yes i have play Call of Duty) but this game is really simple, its also helps your skill with reflexes and IQ. Its easy to learn and when you do it you will see how fun it is, although i think they should fix matchmaking, so people who actually like the game, dont get matched with quitters, laggers, trolls, or just in general bad players aka noobs. Also some of the servers are a bit laggy but its all good. By the time im done with this game i would have racked up 1000+ hours ( first game to do that) Overall Rating: 10/10
game-hours: 2054.5
review: i just killed whole enemy team with m4a4 spray is that ok
game-hours: 581.0
review: CS:GO a great game , we can use all weapon without buy , we can see the skill without money right? so this is skill (:
game-hours: 626.1
review: :)
game-hours: 497.6
review: gud gud gud gud gud gud gud gud gud gud gud
game-hours: 1257.6
review: [10/10] BEST OF THE BEST
game-hours: 1160.0
review: I'm enjoying it.
game-hours: 344.0
review: Lots on angry Russian men on this game. I like making Russians mad 10/10 would not be a Russian
game-hours: 2077.4
review: game, don't buy it.
game-hours: 74.4
review: This game is very hard on new players who want to play competetive. CONGRADULATIONS! You were just put against a team of all golds and you haven't even won 10 games yet! Even better, your team mates will mock you for not being good at the game. Whats that? You want to play with players your own skill? TO BAD! With our match making system you will feel like  and never get to ten wins unless you have 30 loses! And your team mates will remind you it is your fault! Who the  am I kidding though right? No one is going to read this and think i tried my hardest. I have 57 hours in the game and haven't even reached ten wins competetive yet because I am being paired against people who are all gold. Thanks for the great match making system, now where is my gibus for this game so that people know not to yell at me and just accept that I am new?
game-hours: 82.0
review: O Jogo resumido em uma anlise >Aviste um inimigo >Atire nele >Erre todos os tiros >Ele olha para tras >Te mata em um tiro >Exit CS:GO 10/10
game-hours: 3.4
review: ONLY CUCKS PLAY THIS GAME
game-hours: 1099.0
review: Just buy the game!
game-hours: 132.1
review: VAC banned for being too good.
game-hours: 1.3
review: i dont think i understand this game...bf i get.... cod i get....lots of things i get.....but not this it confuses me.... 6/10 i kill my team alot lol
game-hours: 444.7
review: By far the best shooter-game on the market at the moment! It is not pay-to-win like other bad shooter-games.. but the skins are a must-have in that game tho so you will pay more than the 14 for the game because eazy skins eazy lyfe right?
game-hours: 687.0
review: Well, this game has some pluses & minuses I'm going to mention below: Pluses: + Very competitive & challenging online game for shooter lovers; + Big variety of weapons; + Got lots of weapon skins which you can trade/sell; + Additional missions which gives you rewards after completion; MInuses: - Only few weapons have aiming/zooming availability; - Damage system is bad (You can empty whole magazine to an opponent on the chest & he still may stay alive); - Graphics ain't that good for 2012; - Very strict rules in competitive mode (especially leaving the match penalty. It gonna give you cooldown even if you get disconnected from the game due to error & you can't fix it in 3 minutes. Cooldowns may be from 30 minutes to 7 days); All in all, I don't see other alternatives of this game in this genre & despite all it's minuses I mentioned above, it still remains one of the most played game in my list.
game-hours: 503.8
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a FPS where you join either with the cops/army or a terrioist and take out the opposite team. Its a basic Cops vs. Robbers but the objective for the terrioists is to plant a bomb in a certain bombsite while avoiding or killing the counter-terroists. There is also another game type where the terrioists take some hostages and the counter-terrioists must resuce the hostage and return them to the hostage zone. There is 5 different modes excluding community servers. There is Deathmatch, where u spawn randomly on a certain map and u can choose any weapon u want, in my opinion its a great way for the beginners to get started in CS:GO. Next is Arms Race which is similar to Deathmatch but u get a new gun every time u get a kill and when u got a kill with every gun, u have to kill someone with a knife which is kinda hard. Another type is Demolition which u get a new gun every kill u get but u must wait until the next round, if u get more than 1 kill, u are awarded with grenades. Casual is known as the most played mode which is technically the `actual` game which u must use the money u earn from kills and rounds to buy guns. Finally the most important one, Competetive where it is a 5v5 game however unlike Casual where u can see the enemy on the map and even watch them, u cannot see where ur enemy is unless u hear footsteps or gunshots. It is important u co-operate with ur teammates if u wanna win cause thats the most important thing in CS:GO, teamwork. As of now, there have been hackers who aim hack and shoot through walls when u cant do that normally. Many people have reported this but Valve has done nothing about it but make updates for their guns when they clearly know theres hackers and thousands of people hate it. I would give this game 10 out of 10 but since there is hackers and smurfs who pay another 15 or 7 bucks just to kill newcomers when its not fair, i give this game 7 out of 10. The reason being is hackers and smurfs take 2 away and the servers take 1 away. What i mean is that CS:GO servers randomly go bad making most people on the server have a high ping.
game-hours: 42.8
review: too many s palying this game
game-hours: 262.0
review: TOOO MANY ING CS
game-hours: 724.5
review: WHY DID I JUST BOUGHT IT This game is soo perfect its just a present of god xDD
game-hours: 1394.1
review: Competitive: 16-0 Win -> Deranked at the end 11/10 would play MM again.
game-hours: 1.8
review: And yet another game that valve ruined with micro-transactions. Boxes, skins, this  shouldnt be for sale. When did we ever pay for mods? For any game out there, look at Skyrim: hundreds of thousands of mods were created for it, nobody is asking you to pay them money to use their mods or skins. This is disgusting money grabbing tactic that Valve, is getting fat off. The more money and time you spend, the more ADDICTED you become. Because now, that you have invested in to this game, you cant stop. As a psychology student I can tell you, this is a very, very ruthless and dirty trick to play on someone. And they are using it to collect money from millions of users...This is unspeakable.
game-hours: 1804.4
review: Only bad servers in official matchmaking (64 tickrate, though 128 is possible and official leagues run with them), a lot of cheaters and hackers around with a million of fake accounts due to valve's failing anti-cheat system and their cheap offers for this game after ban waves. As a result you'll have to play vs. hackers or lagging players from eastern europe or russia in official matchmaking on bad servers. Another minus are the lack of good maps, only a few have be proofen to be playable/fair. Weapon skins are ugly and most of the time the skins are only new textures on old guns. "Stickers" which are placeable on your guns fulfill this "HelloKitty-Strike". If you have played CS titles before, you have to be disappointed. This has nothing to do with CounterStrike anymore but if you prefer to play a casual CoD clone, you might be happy though.
game-hours: 895.2
review: Such a  game. Game goes on sale: More hackers, and smurfs. Community is . Everyone on CS:GO acts like a 12vie. Matchmaking system is ed. 10/10 wouldnt install again.
game-hours: 812.4
review: Infested with hackers.
game-hours: 34.1
review: I got permanently banned because I did well in a game..... 10/10
game-hours: 147.3
review: Fully Hectic habib cuzzy wuzzy kickbackindahood dw game.
game-hours: 560.8
review: Great Game, can't aim, I do pretty lame, the community is tame, hopefully I'll become a name, to great glory and fame, for skins came, I have none-for shame, sparks my wallet aflame. 1.6*/10
game-hours: 1045.9
review: Best
game-hours: 847.9
review: madafaka e igrata
game-hours: 814.1
review: wew
game-hours: 576.4
review: One of the best competetive games I've ever played. You'll feel the difference if you're CS or CS:S fan. Maybe the only FPS where it truly boils down to a game of pure skill. No useless perks or kill streaks, no auto-turrets, no air strikes, no UAVs which look like a radar hack. This game is growing day by day. Valve made huge updates since the release of the game. The improvement they did made the game completely different. Probably worth more than its full price $15. It went for sell for less than 4$ in many sales. It's just a game that I don't mind paying $50 for it. I think Valve is getting loads of money just by the skins they're releasing every now and then. +10/10
game-hours: 153.8
review: It's quality, just get it.
game-hours: 287.9
review: very good
game-hours: 515.6
review: Great game. Not your usually shooter. Uses strategy, tactics, and skill.
game-hours: 1889.7
review: If you take the time to learn it, great game.
game-hours: 1296.1
review: It's a good game. Takes a lot of skill, not just your average run and gun Shooter game. Has a nice competitive system, although matchmaking can get upsetting at times. At the early stages, Valve never really cared about the hackers, until a later date. I'd say 95% of cheats are no longer working, so the game is pretty safe, for now. 10/10 I'd play it alot.
game-hours: 582.5
review: This is a game that needs skill , Not recomended to COD players .
game-hours: 752.9
review: very good shooting game!
game-hours: 1358.3
review: Do jaja !
game-hours: 393.9
review: Top FPS on the market.
game-hours: 952.2
review: ,    ,    ,      !!! 10/10
game-hours: 867.6
review: It is a very good game
game-hours: 450.9
review: This is the craziest and the best FPS shooter by far. Intence action and pure joy. I am really happy that I got around this great community! The game is worth the money, especially with those new skins that you can earn money from. Top product!
game-hours: 167.7
review: So it has skins, at first yo like. Nah dey not important mane but latah you gunna sell all dem hats for some M4 skin that makes you think, Dayumn 420 blaze it all dey i want dem awps now. Now you are hardcore MLG pro xxxXXXQ1c|<$k0p3rXXXxxx and then, AND THEN! well then you find out that you sound stupid. Recomend.
game-hours: 90.9
review: Dropped out of high school, 10/10.
game-hours: 217.6
review: really good shooter its got everything every game needs: shooting towel heads bombing towel heads blinding towel heads fantastic all-round game can't think of a single thing wrong with it
game-hours: 122.3
review: bretty gud game
game-hours: 708.3
review: Best competetive fps, in the world, needs some more fixes for bugs n such, but its great! A must buy if a valve fan.
game-hours: 608.0
review: ok
game-hours: 307.3
review: Major overhall of CSS graphical updates and way more weapons, I dont know anyone who wouldn't want to play this game, Works on the even worst PC's like mine
game-hours: 37.4
review: It's ight.
game-hours: 903.9
review: #1 FPS on PC (In My Opinion) this game is a must have. I like how the Game Devs communicate with the players to make the game turn for the best. Also every few months a new operation comes out, Basically a dlc, to keep the game interesting, fun, and add new content.
game-hours: 916.6
review: 1 day: who is that idiots who buy skins!? Haha. 5 day: hmm 0.5$? Ok, ill buy it. Once. 15 day: GIMME DAT AWP!!!!! This sucks.
game-hours: 1546.7
review: comprem esta  pq e um jogo bueda fixe
game-hours: 162.6
review: I was not big on playing counter strike at first. But then i got this game and it is so much better than source. I really enjoy this game and it is well worth the investment! If you are a serious fps'r then you should get this game! i rank it 4 out of 5 stars.
game-hours: 557.5
review: Best Competitive game made by ValvE
game-hours: 243.4
review: Good game. Doesn't have aim abilities for most weapons like COD does which adds to its unique challenging gameplay. Highly addictive and recommended to players looking for a FPS.
game-hours: 1077.8
review: Good Game. Awful Cooldown System.
game-hours: 165.2
review: ok
game-hours: 483.9
review: is........ nice
game-hours: 527.8
review: Sometimes I go behind cover and get 64 ticked. Sometimes I shoot guy and get 64 ticked. Sometimes I run with my knife out on the legs and get 64 ticked. I try to use the vehicles but they are always broke. When my gun shoot it don't vector cone it go weird. Also they changed Inferno so now I can't jam my head in the fan anymore. Also, there are only 5 maps: Dust II, Inferno, Nuke, Mirage and Cache. I don't know why it's called Dust II when there is no Dust I. Can someone please explain that to me? Sometimes the bots hack and sometimes I meet really nice team who all keep team killing me for no reason cause I am silver. One time I join server and get instakicked for no reason by the lovely people on the server. I also ask for knife but the game gives me Famass Doomkitty. Volvo doesn't test their updates so I got a Tec-9 ace/5k so thanks Volvo. Also, when this is sale lots of dumb CoD players buy and get rekt cause they didn't check themselves before they rekt themselves. 10/10 I hope this game becomes F2P like TF2 so that more people play and they already great community gets even better. 8/m8 its gr8.
game-hours: 421.6
review: BAD  GAME!!!!
game-hours: 411.2
review: Its a great game, just dont be a scrub.
game-hours: 659.4
review: This game use to make me cry cause i was so bad then i started whatching a video on tips then i slowy got better, Not the best though the only thing make me love this game is the stragety, I love the footsteps and how you have to play as a team unlike call of duty where you just throw c4 everywhere this game is Awesome. One this that makes this game hard is the Aiming you dont spray you can just shoot while running and your bullets land right on him theres bullet drop, Theres many sources of cover you may use to your advantage. Making this game 10/10 with the aiming simulator. One last thing before i go is the crates and the skins, Skins make gameplay alot more funner cause you dont just get the good ones you have to either get crates by drops or buy them from the community market but all in all this game is 100/10 P.s thats suppose to be 100.
game-hours: 1374.7
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 1462.1
review: Playing competetive with TLSC has been the most fun I've had in my life. If you have friends with CS:GO, I highly reccomend you get this game!!!
game-hours: 1161.7
review: This game is ruining my life! 10/10
game-hours: 642.3
review: Very good
game-hours: 251.9
review: when i first played cs go i bought a smoke grenade and threw it at my feet because I thought I would dissapear like a ninja
game-hours: 471.0
review: Cool Game! Sadly it's CSS + TF2. But nevermind. Glad there are official servers, I would like more custom gamemodes servers and less Russians. Then it's perfect.
game-hours: 942.7
review: it's nice.
game-hours: 1326.1
review: Best game evar :D
game-hours: 393.6
review: Uhm, I love pretending to shoot people, and this game not only makes that something I can do frequently, but also enjoyably. Also my gun is purple and covered in stickers, and that's really really awesome! Love video games!
game-hours: 421.6
review: I am now broke because of fictional paint-jobs on fictional guns used to shoot fictional people 11/10 ruined my life.
game-hours: 255.7
review: because there are no black people
game-hours: 12.2
review: What were people like at the beginning of the 21st century? Playing Dota and Counter Strike. Seems like some things just don't change.
game-hours: 774.3
review: Hackers Everywhere.
game-hours: 29.7
review: awesome game but very less servers in my counter like only 3 or 4 which remain full all the time but this game is good
game-hours: 2022.2
review: awesome fps, great fun, addictive and worth what you pay for
game-hours: 292.8
review: best game
game-hours: 348.8
review: Buy this game if you like a. hackers, b. underaged players c. immature players, d. a unbalanced/broken matchmaking system e. spending absurd amount of money to have a high status. Best FPS in the world.
game-hours: 973.7
review: good game but broke
game-hours: 2885.3
review: its ok
game-hours: 1322.2
review: An amazing update to a classic and timeless game. A lot closer to the classic 1.6 version than CS: Source in my opinion.
game-hours: 542.5
review: The Best edition of Counter-Strike so far. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 279.1
review: verry great game im starting to like it more then 1.6
game-hours: 310.3
review: Great, tactical shooter encouraging communication and team tactics. Great fun and you probably won't get bored of it for a while, definitely worth it's price of 15 bucks!
game-hours: 420.8
review: When Gotham is ashes, who will you run to when the Dragons burn down your village, when the Enclave take away your democracy. There is only one thing that can stop them, an AWP. But what can stop an AWP? SIMPLE, a C4 bomb in the middle of the desert that blowes up a couple boxes. But what stops a C4 bomb? Pff, obviously a hostage hidden in some motel, why else would the hide him there. But Frontier, why? Simple, yas, it is a door simulating motel of horrors that only the strongest willed may escape with the hostage back to the diner and everyone can have lunch at afterwards. So, when Gotham is ashes, then you have my permission to die.
game-hours: 79.9
review: VAC ban OP
game-hours: 356.5
review: This is a fantastic game
game-hours: 328.7
review: .   1         source   .2                (     )3        ,        .                    .   ,
game-hours: 149.8
review: Cool game, better than CoD.
game-hours: 641.7
review: 5/5 many rage
game-hours: 1255.1
review: You mightn't think much of this game because it's a "realistic" shooter, but it is honestly a whole lot of fun. You can play Counter-Strike to chill out or you can team up and strategise. If you're worried about the playerbase, they are actually quite laid back. It's brtual at times, but when you play well, you really feel it. Give it a shot!
game-hours: 1625.4
review: Good game, lots fun
game-hours: 429.9
review: veri gut gejm. aj rikomend zis gejm tu ju.
game-hours: 799.9
review: Best Counter-Strike yet. At first, like most players I was skeptical on how Valve would be able to take source and amplify that even more while bringing back certain portions of CS 1.6 that we all came to know and love and yet, they did it. CS:GO has so many different game options and makes it a great game to play with a group of friends or alone. The weapon skins are a fun addition to CS along with stickers and other options. Valve has created a game that allows players to play the CS they've always known and loved, but continue to see new things within the game itself like Operation Breakout and new maps/weapons from the Steam Workshop. CS:GO gets a 10/10 from me for sure.
game-hours: 11.6
review: good
game-hours: 316.5
review: Superior FPS game. Edit:  RYSST!
game-hours: 420.7
review: .
game-hours: 763.6
review: This game... is just amazing. In Competitive you can get higher skill group,i dont like this only then ,when the steam doing a Summer Sale with 2 ,because every competitive game is all of cheaters and i dont like it. You can buy a "TAGS" for your Team,and for guns, with only 2, And you can get a Skins for every gun you want,this needs little bit money,sometimes you get drops in a competitive round,and you can get really good guns,one of the best gun you can get there is AK 47 - Emerald Pinstripe,this is very rare to get it from Competitive. Buy this game just now, if you dont have it because this is one of the best games in a Steam store.I doesn't give to this game 10/10 because there is some bugs . 9,5/10
game-hours: 579.9
review: Awesome game.......
game-hours: 1938.2
review: RECOMENDED !
game-hours: 905.0
review: Best game!
game-hours: 418.9
review: 10/10 ruined my life, created a new account, ruining my grades. However I made $5 today, worth it.
game-hours: 324.2
review: Very good game, if you want to play for fun- casual is perhaps not as fun solo but competitive mode with friends or on your own is incredibly fun the majority of the time (if you win). Easy to get to grips with, much different to most FPS's and takes a lot of skill but can be picked up reasonably quickly with more gametime.
game-hours: 808.1
review: At first play, compared to CS: Source, I didn't like it. After about an hour of playing competitive I had fallen in love with Counter-Strike all over again. Receiving items in game, skins for guns etc was brilliant. If you liked Counter-Strike, purchase this game now. NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! add me, add me so we can play.
game-hours: 432.6
review: Best Game in Steam So Far , But i Wish We Dont Get Some Players Play Casuel And As They Play with Friends they Abuse That Power By Voting to Restart The Game over And over Until they Win And They refuse to up Vote Scarmble Teams Plus The Wall Hack And Aim Hacking So Many Hope They Will do Something About it
game-hours: 27.4
review: i don't play CS:GO often, but when i do, i play offline with bots. cause im scurred. stay frosty, my friends. (you know this was very helpful.)
game-hours: 2642.4
review: This game is based on pro feedback, so there is chickens
game-hours: 1265.3
review: Its good game
game-hours: 543.7
review: best fps ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 267.4
review: Builds on what CSS already did so well. Graphically updated, better effects, new maps/match modes. new weapons with skins and consistant updates. Very good team based shooter which has the appeal to both the casual and hardcore gamer. Is also a lot of fun!
game-hours: 898.8
review: WAT AN AWESOME GAME!!!
game-hours: 769.5
review: Great game, worth the time to play and get better at.
game-hours: 1713.2
review: Shot a guy, planted the bomb, terrorists won. 10/10 would boom again!
game-hours: 106.0
review: So hard to learn to aim :(
game-hours: 1158.6
review: The compat style is a lot different to other FPS' like 'Call of Duty' or 'Battlefield' and requires a lot more skill and time to master. An awesome game, awesome Competitive ranking system and really cool customization, allthough gun camos are VERY expensive. What more can I say? I have 500 hours. Trust me, it's a good game.
game-hours: 159.6
review: Great game but the community is toxic as hell. Don't get into skins / bets like I do though....
game-hours: 938.1
review: Great game
game-hours: 656.4
review: Predobra igra cista 10
game-hours: 139.6
review: Cool Game :)
game-hours: 649.0
review: Fantastic game to play with friends. Gets pretty, intense, but very fun. Love the skins and gameplay, but there aren't a lot of gun variety. Some guns are used more often and are WAY more overpowered than other guns. Other than that, I would definitely reccomend this game.
game-hours: 1056.8
review: Beautiful game, gr8 b8 m8 r8 8/8
game-hours: 333.0
review: I would'nt reccomend playing this game because i'm better than you. Thanks
game-hours: 639.4
review: Personally my favourite game. Althought it lacks no scopes and hard scopes and soft scopes and other varieties of scopes I cannot stop playing this game. If you feel like your time is not valuable buy this game
game-hours: 730.5
review: Very immersive experience. Great visual effects and graphics. Stunning performance when it comes to highly action-packed moments: the game has no stutters whatsoever and always runs smoothly. Neat variety of gamemodes to choose from, along with Competitive matches, which represent a great feature of the game itself. They are complex, yet very understandable, which is good. Only slight drawback is the community, or at least a big part of it. Many people, unfortunately even in Competitive matches, do not show any interest in the game itself by cheating and hacking, or simply by throwing the match and dragging the whole team down. Overall very well made game. All it takes to master it is practice. Everything else is already taken care of.
game-hours: 18.7
review: I got banned for 360 quickscoping some people 11/10 must buy
game-hours: 462.5
review: ITS better than call of duty
game-hours: 47.7
review: I started chasing a chicken then got yelled at by a 12 year old because my gun's skin wasn't as expensive as his. 10/10
game-hours: 387.1
review: Great game to play with friends or yourself worth the money. I have never played any of the other CS but this one is a must have if you like FPS 10/10 I would say!
game-hours: 1038.3
review: Best Game
game-hours: 2353.3
review: Really awesome cyber sport game!!!
game-hours: 926.5
review: Solid and classic game for elitists and noobs alike. High skill level and map knowlegde required!
game-hours: 411.7
review: Way better than previous versions, i recommend it to everyone.
game-hours: 592.7
review: 100% Worth
game-hours: 969.7
review: This game is absolutely amazing. Tons of fun to play with friends, especially competitive with an entire group. Don't rage after the half or when the game is over. Just be possitive and you WILL have a blast playing this game. Becomes addicting quickly.
game-hours: 738.2
review: 10/10
game-hours: 874.7
review: Great Game! CS:GO will provide hours of fun, I definitely recommend this game!
game-hours: 32.5
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is the next generation in rhythm games. As with many Japanese dance games, it requires a precise timing and a good sense of rhythm. However, this game includes many unique elements to deviate from the regular dancing genre. In this game, you are put into a map with a dance move of your choice, along with your team. The enemy team starts with the same requirements. There are two dance squads: Terrorist (Rappers), and Counter-Terrorist (Popstars). In the gamemode Team Deathmatch, you must dance against as many dancers of the enemy team as you can. As soon as you see an opponent, you are locked into a duel of disco prowess. When this happens, you must immediately start clicking at him/her with your selected dance move until they become out-danced and fall to the ground, exhausted. You must also be careful not to become out-danced yourself. This is the real meat of the game. When you are aimed and dancing at your opponent, you must steady your moves to become precise by either holding SHIFT to slowly (although accurately) dance at your enemy. You can also do a running slide into your dance stunts for bonus precision by pressing CTRL as you engage in your dance-off. This next part is the rhythm segment required to out-dance somebody. While getting groovy using your said dance move, there is a small reticle, or box (we shall call it the "style box"), surrounding your pointer. Your dance moves emnate from you in the direction of somewhere inside the style box. The faster you click, the faster you dance, but it also expands your style box, so you must keep your dance rhythm timed well to maintain good style and overcome your opponents grooviness. This is all the basics of dancing, but there are interesting elements included in the game to make this more interesting. Unlike real life, if you see two people engaged in a dance-off, you may join in at any time you like, to provide effective backup dancing to your teammate and help him/her dominate the opposing side. Careful though, because anybody on the enemy dance squad may do the same to you. With these rules in play, it is not uncommon to find a team grouped together into an effective flash mob to maintain skilled dancing and increase their likelihood of out-dancing the enemy. Extra gamemodes also spice up the gameplay by adding objectives to your dance round. In Demolition mode, the Rappers must plant a boombox on one of two dance floors. The Popstars are not fond of the rappers (or their boomboxes) so the Popstars must turn off the boombox before its music starts playing too loudly. This often ends in the Rappers facing against the Popstars in a dance-off turf war over their boombox. In Team Deathmatch, it's pretty simple: the Popstars and Rappers must out-dance each other in a fair competition. In Hostage, the Rappers have a bad nightclub and are forcing people to listen to their music. It is the Popstars' jobs to rescue them and shimmy their way back out of the nightclub. In Arms Race, everyone competes to become the best dancer as fast as they can. Each time you out-dance someone, you are given a new dance move; and you progress until the dancing gets harder and harder to pull off, until after using every dance, you are given... a kinfe. U den godda stb a bich in da fac 2 win. THE END 6.6/10 recommended... just get it on sale. ..and DON'T buy keys. You can buy operation passes if you must. Also, some people have bionic body parts that let them out-dance almost anyone with uncanny effectiveness. So watch out for them. They cheat. And stuff.
game-hours: 843.0
review: Frag out
game-hours: 242.9
review: Case Simulator : Global Offensive 11/10
game-hours: 406.7
review: bad, , worst cs ever created, if it wasnt for the money prizes this piece of  would be dead within the first year, wish i never got it, it will give you massive amount of cancer cell generation. id rather give some sloppy  deep throat to a baseball bat with barbed wire wrapped around it while getting repeatedly anal fisted by the entire african dinka tribe.. choke on a chernobyl fart
game-hours: 396.6
review: BANG BANG BANG BANGBANGBANGBANG. You know, its Counter Strike. 10/10
game-hours: 225.1
review: sda
game-hours: 861.9
review: The Good: gameplay and the graphics are fantastic, and unlike many other games in this day and age the community is (surprisingly) not terrible, asside from the occasional rude dude,raging 12 year old, and a guy caught on a bad day. But still landing a sick one shot on a CT's with an AK47 is always amazing! Actualy headshot killing anyone with anything (accept the p90, negev, M242, and some others) is amazing The Bad: Like all games cs go has its flaws, some of which it cannot fix by changing in game mechanics for example. Hackers. Althought cs go has implimented the overwatch system (in which experienced players "overwatch" recorded games, through the vision of the said suspect) the system has helped but is not a permenent solution. One way hackers avoid themselfs from being band is by buying the game again but on a "smurf account." Smurf accounts are TERRIBLE for newer players. For example a higher ranking individual can buy a smurf and go up against less skilled players, this can fusturate new players and derank them. WHICH IS ANOTHER THIS, what the hell is up with the cs go ranking system?! Here is an example i went 43 kills and 13 deaths up against silver IV (I'm a Silver IV atm) and i got deranked since my team lost... IMO the ranking system should be foucused on the individual not the poor teamwork of a team! (all I know is that cs go goes of a ELO system, that is all I know) In all cs go is a great game that could use some work on its ranking system and something to prevent smurfs and hackers more effectively. So yes I would recommend it if your into shooters or just want a addicting game. BE WARNED this game has a IMMENSE learning curve! CS:GO IS TEH BEST NA :P
game-hours: 322.3
review: COOL AND AWESOME GAME
game-hours: 1372.7
review: I am able to protect my beloved Yuki <3, \ 10/10 /
game-hours: 161.6
review: Best shooter 2014 10/10 Cancer ftw
game-hours: 2543.0
review: It's a shooter
game-hours: 794.9
review: Nice game, recommend if like shooting games !
game-hours: 159.4
review: A must own, if you don't care about your real life you must have this game.
game-hours: 533.2
review: Pretty much Call of Duty but everyone is salty
game-hours: 756.9
review: ahujiens
game-hours: 566.0
review: P.e.r.f.e.c.t
game-hours: 133.9
review: Awesome :D
game-hours: 1125.9
review: Great game!
game-hours: 565.1
review: Awesome game! highly reconmended
game-hours: 237.1
review: Went 5 and 30 with <900 ping humdinger/10
game-hours: 927.8
review: Great game, I can't stop playing.
game-hours: 457.9
review: Been loving CS:GO... Never played CS or anything before it. Love that all of the wepons are unlocked and that there is no "pay to win" its all straight up skill. Live long enough to be called a hacker, die fast enough to be called a newb.
game-hours: 271.2
review: Spend time to get better, spend money to look better
game-hours: 296.5
review: fun
game-hours: 454.2
review: Gewd
game-hours: 385.7
review: This game has really good competitive side to it as it does team tactical even though this game isnt as near as good as 1.6 ill give it 8/10..! A game you want to get!
game-hours: 1344.8
review: Game is broken But Fun
game-hours: 719.8
review: Great game!
game-hours: 49.7
review: Ha FPS jtkrl van sz akkor ebben van a jv! Sokan gy akarnak vele jtszani, mint azzal a jtkkal amirl vltottak erre, de nem gy megy... ehhez tbb skill kell, szinte tejlesen jra kell tanulni jtszani, de megri a gyakorlst, mert a legfelkapottabb FPSjtk lesz :)
game-hours: 372.0
review: good game
game-hours: 1001.5
review: one of the best games ever made
game-hours: 411.6
review: k
game-hours: 984.3
review: Best russian learning software ever!
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.6
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2870.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 202.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 769.0
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 416.4
review: If you're a fan of Call of Duty, buy the new ones at release, fanboy over it, then you should go out to gamestop and trade in every single one of those games and pick up a quality FPS. This one. Plus killing a chicken in deathmatch gets you +1 point. 10/10
game-hours: 670.8
review: This game consists of two people, noobs and people who get called hackers. 10 out of 10 would bang! If you haven`t bought this game, you must be on drugs
game-hours: 1369.1
review: I tried to knife a chicken by right clicking with my mouse but a teammate got in the way and lost over 50 hp Awesome review.
game-hours: 628.8
review: Allow Gaben to roll around in his billions of dollars.
game-hours: 218.2
review: Great Game. Love its skins! <3
game-hours: 499.0
review: sexy game
game-hours: 88.0
review: Good game, I like it.
game-hours: 958.8
review: This game own your butt
game-hours: 452.2
review: Good game, but stupid rules..
game-hours: 575.5
review: Best game ever made..Little 2 reasons. 1st.Overwatch,not alot of hackers, great weapon and moving/recoil system. 2nd.Valve listens to community.Community skins,maps,fixes etc.
game-hours: 313.0
review: Yeah so you shoot people and they die and all is alright.
game-hours: 301.5
review: This tactical fps is so simple compared to games like Call of Duty, and yet it is so fun. It has me coming back agian and again. This game requires a lot of skill, and may be hard at first. But once you start getting better, it get more fun.
game-hours: 2771.5
review: best game ever.
game-hours: 147.1
review: Um...... This is a good game, in various ways are: everyone in the fierce battle, a tense...
game-hours: 848.1
review: Brony power
game-hours: 929.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 543.2
review: My Passion..
game-hours: 109.5
review: ASIIMOV
game-hours: 1360.9
review: :D
game-hours: 291.6
review: When you kill chickens, they turn into a dust cloud of feathers and dust. 1337/10
game-hours: 52.3
review: If you have played other Counter-Strike games, you know what you're in for. This is yet another great CS game, with several new features, including the amazing automatic match maker.
game-hours: 1249.9
review: this game is a very fun competitve shooter, recommended to anyone who is looking for a competitive and skill based experience
game-hours: 269.7
review: I like to offend globally. 11/10
game-hours: 357.7
review: It's the game other shooters wish to be...
game-hours: 1166.3
review: i love cs go PEW PEW
game-hours: 259.2
review: Great game for you and your friends.
game-hours: 302.4
review: Best Game Ever :) :) :)
game-hours: 554.8
review: Best weapon dress-up game on the market
game-hours: 422.3
review: ... j a jtk gyerekek ajnlom
game-hours: 86.6
review: I'm very new to the Counter Stike series and have for a long time now stayed away from it after playing a few round quite a few years ago and hating it. Coming from a more traditional FPS genre it takes a while to retrain yourself and break habits like strafing and spraying. Casual gameplay is a bit of a crazy mess but fun to play. Competitive is where it is at and can be alot of fun if you get a nice polite team that communicates well. Playing with friends and partying together is highly recommended if you and your other friends are new to the game. I recommend this game as it is a challenge and an overall fun game with a good competitive side.
game-hours: 267.6
review: A fun game that is meant for people who like shooting and strategy. This is more fun to play with friends , rather than alone, but can also be played that way. It requires high reflexes and precision , aswell as prediction and team play. Multiple game modes make it fun, but i feel like the number of official maps could be bigger. The competative addition is realy good, as it allows you to match aginst your level of opponents and display your level of skill. There isnt a lot of weapons, but the current amount is ok. For each weapon you have to learn how to play with it (the recoil, bullets and other factors) so it takes time to master each one. The skin system is very fun and if you have some money in your pocket, you can open some crates and get cool skins to show off to your friends. Overall this game is pretty fun and defintaly worth your money, if you like these kinds of games.
game-hours: 812.3
review: addictive
game-hours: 738.7
review: nice game my favourite
game-hours: 1065.6
review: I Like it because im good at it. es.
game-hours: 143.7
review: I like making my guns pretty.
game-hours: 360.9
review: This game is so awesome I recommend this game to any one it one most addicting game i play on steam.
game-hours: 302.5
review: playing since beta, nice
game-hours: 301.2
review: amaizing
game-hours: 1193.6
review: Recommened
game-hours: 1258.3
review: CS:GO Awsome game :)
game-hours: 697.0
review: Hi  YOU WITH ING TEAM KILLS ING ER ER ERER IDIOT, BANNED FOR BEING FIRST IN TEAM? LOST MONEY MATCH? RETARED GAME CREATORS.  YOU!
game-hours: 282.7
review: AIMING IS SO MESSED UP, BUT I LIKE IT CUZ I CAN BUY SKINS AND GET A E-HARD ON.
game-hours: 13.2
review: it's like tf2 with guns
game-hours: 963.4
review: Game is very tactical, competitive, and progressive. At the same time, it's enjoyable, has a great community around it, and above all else is addictive.
game-hours: 484.5
review: This  contains alot of  players   6/5 recommend
game-hours: 412.5
review: I got a knife, sold it, bought a on of skins and gained atleast 10 friends. 10/10 Would accept a friend request again.
game-hours: 852.6
review: Favorite game currently.
game-hours: 142.7
review: Counter Strke Global Offensive is a great addition to the series, with new gameplay modes and a new variaty of weapons, as well as customization. The game is really hard, especially for new people. For others who have played The CS games, it should fell the same, but a little different. Many of the guns from the old games have returned as well as dissapeared. (Bring back the MP5 or have it replace the MP7). Overall, Counter Strike Global Offensive recives (For me) a 8/10. Score: 8/10 Pros: -New Guns -Better Graphics -New Gameplay Modes -Customization Cons: -Recoil is hard to get use to
game-hours: 456.4
review: Toxic community, unfair matchmaking, steep learning curve. 10/10
game-hours: 2160.8
review: omg this is the best game ever!!!!!!!!!! if i could do oen thing 4 my whole lyf itd be this, u can do so many things!!!!!!!!! if u dont play this game ur a loser & i dont wanna be ur friend!!!!!!!!!!!! DO I RECOMMEND THIS GAME?!?!? YESSS!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 207.4
review: Pretty alright re-skin. 69/68
game-hours: 761.7
review: best cs game ever ... must buy
game-hours: 637.5
review: Worth Every Cent
game-hours: 23.1
review: 1v1 me cod ghosts, ill beat u fagot
game-hours: 1302.7
review: Best, Most Competitive Game i've ever played; Always proud to be a Counter Strike Player!
game-hours: 263.3
review: This game requires coordination and skill based on the players style. It takes patience and the ability to adapt to survival situations. I recommend for the hardcore gamer.
game-hours: 327.8
review: My hands are shaking good game 10/10
game-hours: 233.9
review: best gaem aver!
game-hours: 209.8
review: Super
game-hours: 558.4
review: I shot a guy once.
game-hours: 778.2
review: gre8 game
game-hours: 1171.2
review: nice
game-hours: 126.1
review: Najbolji kompetitivni FPS na svijetu trenutno!
game-hours: 144.9
review: 10/10
game-hours: 152.7
review: It's cool bc sometimes you can kill ur team and they get mad
game-hours: 502.4
review: Farst klass softwear :-) bhery compatitive and grate fan playng with frands !!
game-hours: 702.8
review: Community is really good, gameplay and objectives are amazing.
game-hours: 1362.2
review: This will test your anger. It will bring out your inner demon... It will show you what anger is when you walk round a corner and boom... youre out for the round,,, You will grow to hate everyone and learn many words in other languages just to insult the other team. You will also discover the amount of adderal children that live on the internet. 10/10 would rage again
game-hours: 1187.5
review: asdasd
game-hours: 145.5
review: I think evrbody should have this game its fabulous
game-hours: 1379.2
review: I really like this game. But i hate all the cheaters.
game-hours: 83.0
review: k
game-hours: 735.2
review: Great game that should bring everyone joy, this game is a game filled with enjoy able content. The content ranges from competetive to sandbox fun.
game-hours: 1046.2
review: I waste my life shooting at people, missing and then getting shot at and killed. Then I cry for 8 hours and try again. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 451.0
review: this is basically the virtual money-tree.
game-hours: 1374.5
review: GREAT GAM NO CHETS GO BUY, fanks. /valve
game-hours: 84.6
review: this is a very fun game and is a good edition to the valve collection.
game-hours: 1945.0
review: This, in my opinion, is one of the best purchases I have made off of Steam. It's a great game with key parts that make it hard to walk away. On top of that, you can make Steam Credit while you play!
game-hours: 409.9
review: Cs go or Cs come :D
game-hours: 723.0
review: Pretty good in theory, needs some work on the balancing though. fun buy still
game-hours: 734.6
review: definately recommend it
game-hours: 1029.5
review: 9.5 / 10 - One of the best FPS of all time
game-hours: 170.8
review: Great game! Very polished game. Takes CS:Source, polishes it, and changes some things. Definitely recommend it!
game-hours: 710.7
review: yes
game-hours: 1276.1
review: The Best thrilling Game
game-hours: 102.2
review: Best combat, forget about COD. Uses realistic guns, has factsabout each gun, and has random playermodels.
game-hours: 1271.4
review: It's azm, especially when they have a sale, bring all dem cheaters to the yard!
game-hours: 873.2
review: ya
game-hours: 55.2
review: This game is different from other FPS games I've played. I'm not a big fan of FPS but this game sticks to me. Its realistic upon how where you shoot decides the damage done. So basically, this game keeps it real.
game-hours: 866.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 1180.1
review: very very good game :)
game-hours: 92.8
review: Great game!!
game-hours: 241.1
review: this game is amazing it has team coordination some tactical elements and i havent even scratched the surface if you want a competitive and fun shooter id highly reccomend you check this game out especially if you have friends or family that own this game also there are skins to unlock a competitive ranking system and more i hope my review convinced you to buy this game
game-hours: 282.2
review: Very fun and addictive, good if you like competion. I would give it 4 out of 5 stars.
game-hours: 1038.1
review: amazinf
game-hours: 1235.0
review: Closest thing to "Osama Bin Laden Simulator 2014" 11/10 would bye again.
game-hours: 720.3
review: Compeitive = bang bang *team killer* FIRE IN THE HOLE *blinds teammates* 0-11-15 *wins match* wins first 10 games with terrible kda *gets gold nova 3*
game-hours: 847.0
review: Very good game!
game-hours: 759.5
review: Cs goose
game-hours: 963.9
review: Super game ;)
game-hours: 29.7
review: it has chikuns yay 100/10
game-hours: 1035.3
review: Ruined my life best game ever
game-hours: 942.4
review: really good and fun should buy this definatly.
game-hours: 1002.9
review: Great game, it looks far more better than any other Counter-Strike game.
game-hours: 1933.4
review: Best Counter-Stike ever made !!!
game-hours: 935.0
review: Started this game on Beta 6.. til now .. really amazing game
game-hours: 1510.8
review: Good game, ruined my life 10/10!
game-hours: 358.3
review: my  explodes just thinking about this game
game-hours: 806.2
review: Like
game-hours: 291.2
review: I don't wanna hype this game even though I play it a lot. It has Its positive and negative sides. Something I really like for example is the possibility to easily create Lobbies to play custom maps with friends without having the need to host a server. And besides the default gamemodes there are hundrets of custom gamemodes out there, you just need to search for them ;) Also they try their best to balance the weapons and gameplay. Ofc people complain about it but over time it will get better... For the negative side - I don't like the spawn-system for Deathmatch. It feels as if there is no system at all but random respawns causing some heavy spawn-killing. Also there are only vew default maps for Arms Race wich is kind a sad. In case you have no idea what Counter-Strike is be warned: This game has no health regeneration and you may not spray with any weapon (except p90 maybe) I'd rate 4/5
game-hours: 592.3
review: I love this game.
game-hours: 680.8
review: Deffo worth the money
game-hours: 917.2
review: GG
game-hours: 413.1
review: So good game.
game-hours: 110.0
review: Great game!
game-hours: 3199.8
review: bedste game :F
game-hours: 159.2
review: RAK RAK RAK !
game-hours: 95.2
review: IT IS COOL
game-hours: 402.2
review: The best Counter Strike for competitive play.
game-hours: 358.8
review: Great FPS
game-hours: 0.4
review: this game is basically just the old CS but one of the terrorists wears a cool pair of shades and a neckerchief over his mouth and looks like what the skype sunglasses emotion would look like if it was a bandit/cowboy builder with incorrect equipment renovating a dusty house
game-hours: 83.9
review: This game is amazing, its so well balanced. A great multiplayer first-person shooter. Highly recommend purchasing this!
game-hours: 2449.2
review: ,         .      .
game-hours: 35.3
review: CS GO GOOD GAME
game-hours: 1200.6
review: Brilliant game must have game! <3 <3 <3
game-hours: 24.6
review: CS:GO is really a great FPS if you don't want to spend too much money on it. It is not as good as CoD or Battlefield but it is definitely an amazing FPS.
game-hours: 842.9
review: coming from a long time of CS 1.6 in the old days, I feel that CS Source was not a worthy successor. However, this version does a phenomenal job in replacing CS 1.6. Definitely worth its money and your time.
game-hours: 401.8
review: Nice and competitive game .
game-hours: 1394.9
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 387.6
review: OLDSCHOOL
game-hours: 738.2
review: very good waan
game-hours: 1099.1
review: best game
game-hours: 369.5
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 1670.7
review: The Game Lets You Immerse yourself into modern Warfare. With a vast range of weapons, you perform objectives as a team or lone wolf. The model and texture detail is excellent and the physics engine is top notch. Definately one for those interested in Team and War oriented games.
game-hours: 462.1
review: YES
game-hours: 1049.4
review: I like and recommend it:)
game-hours: 1226.6
review: just perfect
game-hours: 354.2
review: now this is a classic!! this is going to be played for at least 10 yers. on my top 2 list ;)
game-hours: 290.3
review: fun and addicting
game-hours: 836.7
review: Amazing game. Fast paced and very addictive. Especially opening cases!
game-hours: 520.3
review: i love this game its one of the most fun games i play atm
game-hours: 28.7
review: First 5 minutes of this game made me go back 8 years in the past and put a huge smile on my face :) Feels like all of the ,,good stuff,, in CS 1.6 made it into this game.Im just full of joy for getting it and you should too :D
game-hours: 362.8
review: This game is so good! Get it now!!!
game-hours: 852.5
review: sexy
game-hours: 369.0
review: Counter Strike: Global Offensive, is, in my opinion, one of the most competitive games ever. The weapons are pretty well balanced, so, don't think that by using a certain weapon you have an advantage against your opponent. In order to win, you need to have skill, and cooperate with your team. Although not for everyone. This game isn't a piece of cake. Even if you say that you are very good at Call of Duty (for example), you will die a lot.
game-hours: 899.7
review: My favorite FPS game I ever played!
game-hours: 641.2
review: Great game one of the best I've ever played
game-hours: 585.1
review: Really good game! :)
game-hours: 96.8
review: first off id like to give a shout out and show of appreciation to Paul Grungo, President of Small Dads with Big Ideas Inc. He taught me that being a short father does not mean you have to give up your lease on life so easily. Too bad for him I could care less for him and his mickey mouse window washing bike riding organization. I stomped him into a fine red paste, I hope the last thing that went through his skull, other than my size 16 steel toe tread, was that everything that he strove for in life was a  ing lie and that small dads should adapt or die. thats all i have to say on the matter, please stop calling or ill be forced to live my life without any phones and cry.
game-hours: 1484.8
review: !!!
game-hours: 950.2
review: Great game. It's unbalanced, full of hackers and the developer doesn't want to listen to customers, but it's still a great game. It's unlimited hours of fun.
game-hours: 2221.1
review: Definatly worth the money. :P
game-hours: 264.1
review: What to say about another CS.. ((Beware adolescent GO fanboys)) I find CS1.6 to be way more challenging than this one but GO is still fun. Im not a big fan of the new weapon customization update cause i think the game was ok as it was. This just give us an excuse to keep playing it. I dont like the fact that now you find weapons of all colors and designs.. Its cool for other games like TF2 but i dont think its the case for CS. I know that this are just cosmetic and they dont provide any advantage BUT AN ORANGE AND BLUE M4 FEELS LIKE A WATER GUN and a kids joke!! oh come on!! The community is the same as always but its full of kids messing with the voice comm and the chat. Download Teamspeak 3, play with your friends and mute everybody else to avoid the childish! The new buying menu sucks ! Sure its prettier than a few words in white and you get used to the wheel after playing a bit but the classic compact one was faster IMO Ok so, CS:1.5 = Great and most challenging (not for everybody at the time) CS:1.6 = Polished and more popular CS:Source = Meh.. good but easier to get kills. CS:GO = Better and a bit more difficult than its predecesor. Feels more like COD style.. Play it, its fun.. its CS! but keep playing 1.6, its still the best! 7/10 (difficulty, custom weapons update and COD feeling took -3 points)
game-hours: 650.8
review: Decent game. I would suggest even for those who aren't that keen to grab the game when it comes on sale ($3.75) as you can make your money back, just from selling items you get in game for free. This game is what is fuelling my game purchases from now on. Besides from that, it's a great FPS, but is more then just a FPS. It uses strategy, teamwork, and commitment, all of which have resulted in a (mostly) good community. It's also has custom features, so you can choose your weapon skins, and can buy "DLC" packs that support community modders. And to finish it off, it's got continued dev support, so it will (hopefully) only get better.
game-hours: 898.2
review: Fun fun fun
game-hours: 98.6
review: Such a good fps, especially when you play competitive.
game-hours: 393.2
review: HELL YA
game-hours: 2583.9
review: Best FPS Multiplayer :csgoct:
game-hours: 805.9
review: Much more like 1.6 than Source.
game-hours: 1541.2
review: Best FPS released in the past few years at least. Gameplay oriented, rather than trying to look pretty. It runs poorly on low or mid-spec PCs, and at the highest ranks on matchmaking there are lots of cheaters, but this can be (mostly) avoided through alternatives like PUGs [altpug, leetway, ESEA] or league games where much fewer people seem to be cheating. Nonetheless, fantastic game.
game-hours: 585.6
review: Ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 1657.8
review: This game made me racist, 10/10
game-hours: 336.7
review: Its really good game, Counter-Strike players would know it. Get this game and play it! :)
game-hours: 1001.0
review: cool
game-hours: 1053.2
review: i very like this game. very good game every one should try it better then all CS
game-hours: 967.5
review: Good Game
game-hours: 872.7
review: Good FPS name
game-hours: 724.1
review: BUY IT!
game-hours: 100.1
review: One of the finest LAN games Ive played. Expertly crafted and refined and far more accessible to new players than previous incarnations. The new Demolition mode is quick and intense, with smaller maps sporting just one bomb site while plenty of varied cover guarantees exciting firefights. This mode is excellent for new players as everyone is given full armour and a gun at the beginning of each round (starting with the AK/M4). If you get a kill, next round you get a different, typically less versatile, gun for the next round (with grenades being awarded for multiple kills). This auto balances teams excellently as the most effective players have the worse guns while the new players spend longer with the easier ones. Theres the added bonus that when playing with bots, you can take control of them when youre out. All in all, this is the finest CS there is. With smoother, more varied gameplay, better sound and graphics, and a wealth of high quality, free content in the steam workshop. Worth every penny.
game-hours: 1032.2
review: The successor of Counter-Strike 1.6 and Source has been overall fun while playing. The maps and models were very well made so CS:GO looks great!
game-hours: 837.3
review: Best CS game since 1.6 ;) really enjoying it love the ingame obtainable skins
game-hours: 1172.1
review: very good game wow such rage impressive graphics csgo very friends
game-hours: 60.0
review: Good Game
game-hours: 1239.9
review: Best Valve game ever
game-hours: 590.2
review: best
game-hours: 150.8
review: this game sucks because I suck at it. 10/10
game-hours: 2.1
review: Only for the Kool Kids. Not for me in that case. (  w  )9
game-hours: 1751.4
review: Pozdrawiam i polecam. Mariusz Trynkiewicz
game-hours: 256.8
review: 10/10 Shot, got shot. Money simulator
game-hours: 51.1
review: Didn't like it at first over CS:S because it looked to much like Call of Duty. After playing it more it's a very good game that's a lot more fun than CS:S. Any FPS fan should buy it.
game-hours: 821.7
review: It's a really good game but you need to show dedication to enjoy the game, let me explain. The game is really good but the community are generally very good at the game, and it's no fun being owned all the time :( But once you grasp the game and get good at it, it becomes a very fun game that I recommend.
game-hours: 18.6
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is one of my favorite games to jerk to. I know most of you would disagree, that other games are better for jerking. But hear me out. First off, why a first-person shooter? (Yes, I realize that to most of you -- OBVIOUSLY first-person shooters are best for jerking. But there are some people who don't realize this, and I think it's only proper to first explain a little). I mean, I'll admit it's kinda weird that some (indeed MANY) of you haven't made the connection. And I'm not looking down on you if you instead jerk to games like DOTA and Pokemon, and not to FPSs. Some people just discover things a little later. And that's okay. Everybody's different. Indeed, maybe now, if you were to load up your favorite FPS, you'd find that you DON'T like jerking to it, and would find yourself turning that game off and loading up something you know you like to jerk to, like Dark Souls. But again, no worries. No one is judging you. Just take comfort in the fact that, one day, or one night, you'll load up a shooter like Rust; you'll remember that it's illegal to shoot people and jerk at the same time, and you'll just FEEL it. Some of us just take longer to grow up. And that's okay. Now that I have addressed the r*t*rds, why Counter-Strike: GO? Why not Call of Duty or Battlefield? Why not jerk to Half-Life? Singleplayer shooters are generally not fast-paced enough. Like, you'll see an enemy, shoot and jerk at it until it dies, and then that battle's over. Maybe some of that enemy's buds will be around, and you'll get more jerking and shooting done at once -- but that's if you're lucky! [An exception is Painkiller and games like it; from a gameplay perspective I think those games are great, but they're a little too BDSM for my tastes (especially Painkiller), and thus they lose to even CoD and Battlefield, IMHO]. So why is CS:GO better than shooters that are similar? Three reasons. 1) Pacing: the sexual tension in those games is constantly ruined. Like, I'll join a server, and find a nice corner or dark spot, and then some air thing will fly in and kill me. In counter-strike, the only flying things are small pieces of metal and fluids. 2) A**h***s: when I hide in a spot away from air units, everyone calls me a camper, and a noob, and a f*g. So this is a personal thing. I don't like moving around with the WASD key and then quickly moving my hand to my genitalia whenever I see an enemy player. I've been injured more than once playing the way everyone else does and just don't like it. And I suspect that in their hearts, most male players don't like it, either, but play like that anyway. And so -- how does Counter-Strike: GO avoid this s problem? It has casual servers full of marijuana-smoking people. And they're so chill that when you "camp," it's okay. They might ask why you're camping, and you can just tell them that you're jerking, and they'll be like, "Oh okay; that's cool, brah." And then they'll ask if you lift, and then play music from the late 80s over their mics. The casual scene in CS:GO understands. They're accepting. 3) Quality of the Guns: Valve's guns are perfect. They are simple and elegant. Sound exciting, and yet are comforting. They are somehow smooth and yet scream passion in a way few game guns do. They are a rarity among guns in gaming; they are perfect guns for touching yourself. So CS:GO is the perfect game, right? Well, not quite. Before I voice my only criticism, I want to point out that I'm a feminist. My father was a very feminist man, and when he would take us camping, we would sing feminist songs, and burn pre-1960s dresses in the campfire. And though my mom was really mean to me and got thirty years in prison, I'm very sensitive to the way men interact with women and what's disrespectful. Now that you know I'm a feminist, just know that, probably because of my upbringing, there's just something I dislike about shooting women and masturbating at the same time. It just comes off as very disrespectful to women. And so when I hear ladies over their mics on Counter-Strike, and I know they're on the other team, I feel anxious. And not in a good, pure, sexual way, but in a shameful way. This may sound sexist -- Why's it okay to shoot guys and jerk the ole sausage, but not do the same to women? -- but the truth is it's just a different, sordid feeling. And it gets even worse when I'm not sure if the female voice belongs to a woman or to a little boy (or worst of all: a little girl!). The thing is, I am 136% against jerking off while shooting children, and I'm sure most of you are, too. The good news is: very few little girls play Counter-Strike: GO. And overall this issue is not a game breaker because half the time the female and underage players are on my team, and I can just jerk and shoot around them. Sound: 8/10 Jerkability: 9/10 Gameplay: 10/10 Writing: 7/10 Graphics: 8/10 Feminism: 5/10 Overall Score: 8/10 Special Note: I accept that the original Left 4 Dead might be the best game for jerking.
game-hours: 773.7
review: Good game You shoot people, Shooting is fun, when you shoot it comes blood. Sometimes they shoot you then you bleed. Wise tip : If someone shoots you young padawan blame lag or hacks
game-hours: 36.0
review: I suck at this game, but I still love it. so if you dont have it then get it.
game-hours: 26.3
review: cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
game-hours: 2556.7
review: This is a Great Game !!! 10x Better then Cod!
game-hours: 464.3
review: CSGO is just only for fun it is educational game too. I have learned so much team playing skills for example how to use flashes correctly and also not to hurt my team friends. My knowledge of languages have also increased much while playing this. I know now what  and blyat means ocks att alla finnen r jvl , fittan. I have also learned that my mum is such a hore because she have slept with like 50% of all cs gamers. In my opinion i think that CS:GO is 4,5/5 game. -0.5 comes from trash drops, like sticker capsules.
game-hours: 268.7
review: this game is hard
game-hours: 1137.4
review: is ok
game-hours: 1501.2
review: Game is brutal!
game-hours: 763.4
review: love and make me fun to playing this game. i hope can gift and play with my friend
game-hours: 764.9
review: not call of duty
game-hours: 20.2
review: gg
game-hours: 374.6
review: This is a great game
game-hours: 63.0
review: Just got it, its pretty fun, trying to get the hang of it. Indeed a thumbs up to dis game. Thank you CatBoy fot giving me this game for free, your awesome, I've got to repay you some day. ~Asahi
game-hours: 732.1
review: This game is good you some times Rage Quit but its good you can earn a lot of money if u are into that i love this game <3 10/10
game-hours: 854.4
review: GG
game-hours: 223.1
review: i really like this game , because it gives you the enthusiasm to play more and more
game-hours: 324.6
review: This game is one of valve's top games. This game is reviving the old Counter Strike 1.6, and Counter Strike Source.. This game is recommended!
game-hours: 508.6
review: Competitive
game-hours: 307.8
review: Recomand!
game-hours: 984.2
review: 3$'a dmese habire gzel tabi..
game-hours: 2857.7
review: veRy nice gamE y0
game-hours: 91.7
review: 10/10
game-hours: 784.7
review: Pre good.
game-hours: 117.5
review: great game :Xxxxxxx
game-hours: 2494.4
review: This game is must buy if u have friends who are willing to play this game. U dont need to win to have fun yelling to russian kiddos on the internet
game-hours: 489.4
review: Every Case I open is either a Galil or a Bizon. 10/10
game-hours: 379.5
review: I used to play CS back in beta days up until 1.6 and then stopped for years. This game has got me hooked again and in a big way. The reimagined classic maps change just enough to feel new but stay faithful enough to the originals that I still feel at home. Competitive matchmaking is worth the price of this game alone (although it could use a few improvements like better regional pairing) and brings back fond memories of getting pwnd and loving every minute of it. Thanks for ruining my life (again) Valve.
game-hours: 1967.6
review: Awesomeee
game-hours: 10.7
review: good game 10/10 would buy again
game-hours: 508.4
review: Best game ever ! Recommend this game ! :)
game-hours: 1794.3
review: The best game ive played really cool to play comp and casual with friends keep it up steam :Dpeace:D
game-hours: 514.4
review: Bang bang pow lulz
game-hours: 803.9
review: Git Gud, the game.
game-hours: 897.4
review: Very nice game !
game-hours: 818.4
review: Awesome
game-hours: 380.1
review: is fun yo
game-hours: 3276.4
review: 5/5
game-hours: 20.3
review: It's an ok Counter Strike. I don't have a m'eh button, so I'm gonna keep it on "Yes - I recommend this game", when I really don't "recommend it". It's just... if you enjoy a simple but hard first person shooter, this is for you. No killstreaks BS, no vehicles...just you and your gun.
game-hours: 1693.8
review: GG
game-hours: 1329.7
review: I've put way too much time and money into this game. My first shooter, and it certainly won't be my last. Solid game.
game-hours: 627.9
review: Very good FPS. You need a lot of teamwork to win a game. Game is not too expensive and its absolutely worth its price since you can make it up by selling in game items.
game-hours: 1210.3
review: siq
game-hours: 112.6
review: This is the greatest way ever to earn 50 cents and hour in order to be able to buy more games....... 11/10
game-hours: 49.2
review: Much improved from CSS, graphics and just all in general a heck of a lot better gameplay, an essential in anyone and everyone's library, trust me it's a lot better than COD :D
game-hours: 389.2
review: This game has cool guns n stuff. 10/10
game-hours: 578.5
review: Fun game
game-hours: 1303.0
review: Absouletly one of the best FPS games out there! There are some flaws with this game, like servers crashing and staying down for like 1-2 days, and of course, your usual hackers...... but other than that, this game is amazing! I'd recommend this to any one interested in realistic, fun, and competitive FPS games. P.S. If you rage easily, I dont think you should play this game....
game-hours: 930.5
review: Awesome :3
game-hours: 400.1
review: woooop wooop wooop woooop woooop woop!
game-hours: 699.3
review: A game like any other fps, just with more shots missing.
game-hours: 1060.8
review: its ok, compared, to the orininal CS, it has a limited map rotation, and you will get sick of playing dust 2.
game-hours: 1324.3
review: 10/10 would csgo again
game-hours: 416.3
review: 9/10 Thank god it doesnt have hats.....
game-hours: 281.8
review: is good but ruined my life 10/10 would ruin life again
game-hours: 15.1
review: The greatest racism simulator I've ever played.
game-hours: 1223.1
review: Great and Classic FPS. And definitely breaks my bank. 10/10
game-hours: 589.9
review: yes i do very fun and eciting game
game-hours: 459.8
review: BST THNGEVAAAAAAA
game-hours: 1051.0
review: :csgogun:
game-hours: 1442.3
review: One of the best competetive shooters i ever playd, aswell it has lots of great mods. Well it is a great time waster aswell.
game-hours: 449.0
review: Nice game
game-hours: 152.9
review: This is a awesome game,a little bit of a rage when you die at times,but overall a good game
game-hours: 381.5
review: It's counter-strike. The old love.
game-hours: 139.9
review: ,    ...
game-hours: 1776.6
review: Been playin CS since 1.5 ish... Can honestly say it has Some back to the roots Gameplay/Maps. With Much better Graphics. Old School 5 on 5 scrims/Competitive games take more than just skills. Teamwork as well. Not the Run and Gun COD style. (unless ya p90..) Over all. Best FPS Game i've played. And Am still playin. Thank you for Child Proofing. Hackers will happen of course. But that wont ruin it for those who've been a fan 12 or so years ago. (CS source CS condition Zero.. never played much because i felt they changed too much of my ole cs.) So here we are with GO. And i have accepted it. Loved it. Not a Game for the weak and fragile. It'll be tough. one of those games you see people walkin around with 600+ hours. FOR A REASON. 10/10
game-hours: 416.3
review: GOOOD AS HELL!!! :D
game-hours: 803.7
review: Humans are greedy no matter what you do or what you say you will play this game to rank up! 10/10
game-hours: 938.3
review: Great game! Addicting and fun. So far no real cons!
game-hours: 240.5
review: Best shooting game so far. 80000X better than  call of duty.
game-hours: 123.8
review: Great skill-based competive game, most maps are well balanced, very fun. Has a new competitive matchmaking system which lets you play against people of similar skill level.
game-hours: 444.8
review: This game is quite cute. You shoot people sometimes. 99% of the time your bullets won't go where you are aiming, but that's ok. I still love this game. If you are the type of person who enjoys gambling way too much, don't start opening any weapon cases. You will become addicted. I can't think of much else to say. GGWP.
game-hours: 667.0
review: Best cs game ever <3<3
game-hours: 1144.6
review: Very awesome 1st person shooter! I've been playing CS for awhile and this is by far the best addition to the series! If you're a beginner and just starting out with this shooter game, don't get frustrated and quit without giving it at least 30 game time hours. Start out in Team DM because you will have many chances to kill someone, as opposed to Competitive where you only have 1 life per round. Good Luck, Have Fun!
game-hours: 867.4
review: perfect :D
game-hours: 501.6
review: >Buy Breakout pass >first mission will take a couple of games >Complete first mission >get nothing >complete mission again >get nothing >complete mission for third time >get $0.01  skin
game-hours: 2330.2
review: Ive been playing FPS my whole life. Nothing is more fun or competitive than CSGO
game-hours: 230.1
review: I loved the multiplayer and would highly recommend this game
game-hours: 511.3
review: i love the climbing servers.
game-hours: 751.8
review: Good
game-hours: 127.2
review: Steals a lot of lifes every year...
game-hours: 978.9
review: Best Game FPS
game-hours: 345.9
review: In case you're unfamiliar, Counter-Strike is an entirely multiplayer experience. You can play offline against AI bots, but these are still merely simulating what it's like to play online, rather than really giving you a single-player game. The good news is that this is as good as online team-based shooters get. In the traditional game mode, there are two types of matches and two tiers of play. Casual level is for newer players and removes aspects like friendly fire and the need to purchase armor and ancillary items each round (more on that in a second). Ranked level is the original style of CS, with all the "realism" settings enabled, but it also features a comprehensive skill-based ranking system to try to balance teams and place good players with other good players.
game-hours: 701.9
review: There is a huge gap between Source & GO .... Will take you hours to get used with the graf-spray but if you're a cs veteran it shouldn't be a problem.
game-hours: 661.4
review: Counter strike series continious the good job. Particularly cs:go has new official modes like deathmatch. Also gun camos make the game much better^^
game-hours: 2064.1
review: The best game I've ever played on steam to date. Keeps me up until about 4 am. No doubt I'm an addict. Game is addictive and very well made. Graphics are good, gameplay is awesome, and most of the people are friendly. Awesome Game on the whole 5/5 :).
game-hours: 723.8
review: Nice game
game-hours: 165.7
review: This is a beast game, i love it
game-hours: 21.0
review: sweg
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.9
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2870.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 202.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 770.0
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 464.3
review: CSGO is just only for fun it is educational game too. I have learned so much team playing skills for example how to use flashes correctly and also not to hurt my team friends. My knowledge of languages have also increased much while playing this. I know now what  and blyat means ocks att alla finnen r jvl , fittan. I have also learned that my mum is such a hore because she have slept with like 50% of all cs gamers. In my opinion i think that CS:GO is 4,5/5 game. -0.5 comes from trash drops, like sticker capsules.
game-hours: 268.7
review: this game is hard
game-hours: 1137.4
review: is ok
game-hours: 1501.2
review: Game is brutal!
game-hours: 259.4
review: Yes.
game-hours: 442.8
review: 11/10 everyone is hacker
game-hours: 1358.1
review: not as good as source...skins are cool though
game-hours: 273.8
review: bang bang bang,the bomb has been planted...POOOMMMM Terrorist wins!
game-hours: 312.6
review: Such a fun game definetly worth your cash get it now and startgettingt fragz!!
game-hours: 1369.4
review: crazy time killer game :-)
game-hours: 820.1
review: Ahujena
game-hours: 1216.5
review: Just like real life!!!!
game-hours: 245.3
review: Buy this game, its freaking awsome
game-hours: 193.4
review: Je to velmy dobra hra ako aj jej predchodca Counter Strike - Source
game-hours: 307.8
review: Recomand!
game-hours: 984.2
review: 3$'a dmese habire gzel tabi..
game-hours: 2857.7
review: veRy nice gamE y0
game-hours: 91.7
review: 10/10
game-hours: 784.7
review: Pre good.
game-hours: 117.5
review: great game :Xxxxxxx
game-hours: 2494.4
review: This game is must buy if u have friends who are willing to play this game. U dont need to win to have fun yelling to russian kiddos on the internet
game-hours: 489.4
review: Every Case I open is either a Galil or a Bizon. 10/10
game-hours: 379.5
review: I used to play CS back in beta days up until 1.6 and then stopped for years. This game has got me hooked again and in a big way. The reimagined classic maps change just enough to feel new but stay faithful enough to the originals that I still feel at home. Competitive matchmaking is worth the price of this game alone (although it could use a few improvements like better regional pairing) and brings back fond memories of getting pwnd and loving every minute of it. Thanks for ruining my life (again) Valve.
game-hours: 1967.6
review: Awesomeee
game-hours: 553.4
review: The mother of the ego-shooter genre is cs 1.6 . But csgo is the perfect incest kid of it. PLAY IT , IT IS WORTH IT!
game-hours: 471.5
review: Nice game
game-hours: 674.4
review: A very nice game for serious players
game-hours: 39.7
review: Es #1. Play, get headshot by players that only know how to use one gun, and still have fun.
game-hours: 724.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 1249.8
review: swag
game-hours: 852.2
review: Niceeeeeeeeee!!
game-hours: 513.4
review: If you dont get this game Gaben will be angry and steal your wallet funds.
game-hours: 121.3
review: Good game
game-hours: 167.3
review: Best Sooter Game!!!! Nice maps,nice guns,nice gameplay and very fun!!!I totaly recommend this game
game-hours: 218.8
review: You should play this. For real.
game-hours: 515.4
review: Very nice. 10/10 Top Quality.
game-hours: 507.1
review: Great game
game-hours: 484.7
review: I suggest buying for every OLD CS Fans :)
game-hours: 135.2
review: A fantastic overhaul of the classic Counter-Strike...at least before the Arms Deal update completely messed it up. The game is still enjoyable in its current state, however. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 442.8
review: Very fun game. I played CZ for a few years and i would not give sorce a chance. After i tried CSGO it just felt right so now im hooked on CSGO!!!
game-hours: 219.5
review: Been playing CS since 2004. Do I need to explain more??
game-hours: 89.5
review: If you like Counter Strike then get it..... Its better than COD! 9/10
game-hours: 1729.9
review: get on it son, ggwp.
game-hours: 314.9
review: yes good very addict
game-hours: 657.8
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a very fun and competitive first person shooter. However, it is very much different from the other mainstream games in the industry such as Call of Duty and Battlefield. Mainly so, the aiming and recoil. Unless it is a sniper, AUG, or SG553, there are no sights to aim down of any kind. But to compensate, there is recoil, which is in a predictable and learnable pattern. All in all this is probably my favorite FPS, and by far the most tactical I've ever played. I would not trade any second I've spent playing it. Not to mention that the community is for the most part very mature and mild mannered, although you will run into the occasional "dbag" and "troll" you more often than not will meet very level-headed people who are looking for fun, and competition. 10/10, Fantastic game!
game-hours: 212.9
review: poo poo
game-hours: 537.1
review: good game for fps players
game-hours: 592.5
review: good
game-hours: 363.6
review: nais
game-hours: 474.4
review: This game could ultimately compared to Dota 2. Whereever you go, what server you join, be it Norway or Australia, the only words you're going to hear differ between "" "Blyat" "" and other nonsense. Still a pretty fun game.
game-hours: 282.9
review: This game got me pregnant
game-hours: 149.9
review: A wise man once said this about CSGO: "I think the perfection of love is that it's not perfect." It's like receiving advice from a dog. With that said, I give CSGO a 43/27. Worth every shallop in the sky.
game-hours: 585.8
review: THIS GAME IS AWSOME :O
game-hours: 3348.6
review: i love this game
game-hours: 151.5
review: very nice game ;)
game-hours: 1277.1
review: I used to have dreams and aspirations. Then I started playing CS. CS: Not Even Once.
game-hours: 44.2
review: Brilliant game! Just needs to work on aiming in on your sights and on deathmatch increase the buy time limit and stop doing that annoying thing were you dont get the same weapons without random weapons on
game-hours: 1626.4
review: THIS GAME IS THE BESTEST!!!
game-hours: 194.7
review: it's awesome
game-hours: 186.4
review: I liek :^)
game-hours: 755.0
review: Amazing
game-hours: 916.8
review: If this game was a potato, it would be a good potato.
game-hours: 293.6
review: Awesome skill-based shooter. Try it out, very cheap yes :D
game-hours: 374.8
review: Game is cool
game-hours: 158.5
review: This game is nice to play for fun. biaches!
game-hours: 835.8
review: U liek click dem heads and win ya
game-hours: 61.7
review: Hola, yo soy la Evangina, y apesto a v*gina. Un saludo, guapetones!
game-hours: 385.1
review: 10/10 best game 2014 even though it came out ages ago but yh would buy EU 2014 GG WP
game-hours: 1334.5
review: IMHO it's the best multiplayer fps game ever made.It's not just about shooting , this one need stratagy and so on.Matchmaking is pretty good and system of ranks allow you to play with gamers of the same skill. Graphics of the game are cool and even makes me wanna  , i liked the game's picture , especially themed weapon skins This game costs every penny!
game-hours: 617.1
review: Verry hart vidogam. Must u learn allot. But is it isi then. Goode 2 pley with feriends or make pley competitiviv. I is alreadie Silver 1. Go bye dis vidogam when is it on a saley. Now and agan it 50% down proice. 3,50 is not many. Goode garphic
game-hours: 1516.2
review: Can't go wrong with one of the best and most competitive FPS game out there!
game-hours: 421.3
review: I killz 3 guyz with swag
game-hours: 41.3
review: 10/10 would bang again
game-hours: 9.9
review: Great game. Nice visual updates from previous versions. Still the best FPS ever made. Many hours were spent playing this game. 9/10
game-hours: 2403.0
review: I really love this game, it is really fun! best game I have ever played!
game-hours: 1065.9
review: This is a game that I recommend.
game-hours: 929.9
review: Camos are awesome, Coridium is awesome, item drop system is awesome The community is 100%  though
game-hours: 1343.5
review: Very good and addictive!
game-hours: 153.4
review: Great game. However it does have the worst community since the Nazi party.
game-hours: 1790.1
review: Fun but considering VAC is so sensitive it really can suck sometimes.
game-hours: 462.6
review: Great game.
game-hours: 1619.9
review: spela noobs
game-hours: 1517.0
review: Great game, very addicting when you get into trading, and it's very advanced.
game-hours: 1523.6
review: GUD
game-hours: 293.5
review: Awesome Game, with mostly perfect Hitreg and netcode. I started playing it since BF4 netcode is just so bad. and when you lern the recoil its so much fun to ply since u get a skill lvl and usually dont play vs pros, when u are not! definitly recommended!
game-hours: 1002.7
review: no real life friends left.. 10/10
game-hours: 1132.8
review: It is the best game ever made ! I swear ^^ I just can recommend it to all of you ;)
game-hours: 963.2
review: this is a very good game unlike call of duty LOL
game-hours: 1272.4
review: This game is amazing im not even going to explain it.... just buy it :D
game-hours: 1179.3
review: This game is a DRUG.
game-hours: 228.2
review: A very nice interactive game and the best counter strike game released until now.
game-hours: 1194.7
review: This game is pretty good. Over 800 Hours of my life gone. 10/10.
game-hours: 570.3
review: 10/10, best FPS nowadays 100% guaranteed, buy it. Would recommend to all my friends and family, and strangers. Peace.
game-hours: 13.2
review: It's hella fun! :3
game-hours: 2270.5
review: Amazing fps game 10/10
game-hours: 69.6
review: Got VAC bannned twice because I had cheatengine open from Binding of Isaac. 420/69 would would reccomend worth the purchase I got banned with 69 hours and this game makes me talk in run on sentences.
game-hours: 1970.9
review: Let's be honest here. Who doesn't want to frag noobs? Game is so much fun and the price is outstanding. I really think this is the best game of 2012.
game-hours: 1329.2
review: Play 4Fun !
game-hours: 151.6
review: Death is a great teacher. Failure in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is, as it always has been for this series, the greatest way to learn where you should have gone, what you shouldn't have done, and how you could have done better. Counter-Strike players spend a lot of time learning -- consequently, they are always getting better. Growth is an important factor in Global Offensive, especially if you're coming into Counter-Strike fresh or after a sabbatical. This is an extremely hardcore, skill-based first-person shooter, and it forces you to think differently than other modern shooters. If youre a Call of Duty player, youre going to need to change your play style to succeed here. Counter-Strike also tries developing into something new here as well, despite doing little to push itself beyond what its always done best. Global Offensive modifies old maps to keep veterans on their toes, and introduces official new modes that encourage different play styles for the first time in almost 15 years. For the uninitiated, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a small-scale, team-based first-person shooter with permanent death. When a counter-terrorist kills a terrorist planting explosives in a classic Defusal match, or a CT escort swallows a sniper round in Hostage Rescue, the victim is dead for good and doesn't respawn until the next round. As such, players on both sides must exercise skill and care. The bomb objective, meanwhile, gives everyone a purpose. Of course matches end when everyone on a team is dead, but a clever and coordinated terrorist team will give the CTs the slip, plant their bomb, and protect the bomb site. Between rounds, everyone spends earned cash on better gear and guns, and the cycle continues. Pieces of the Counter-Strike formula are dated at this point, but the superb heart and soul of Global Offensive is timeless. Teams are small, guns are lethal, and rounds are short. There's an addictive just-one-more-round quality to it, because there's a constant desire to do better than last time, to earn a satisfying kill, or to win in a new way. Call of Duty and Battlefield vets will wonder why they can't sprint to escape enemy fire or look down the iron sights to improve aim; Counter-Strike players will feel like they walked into their redecorated home. Certain map redesigns will catch hardcore fans off guard, but the changes are for the best -- the underpass choke point in de_dust, for instance, has a new escape route. Even in the face of genre evolution, Global Offensive doesnt care to adapt. CSGO is so dedicated to Counter-Strike's aging ideals despite market and trend changes that it brute-forces its way to success. Part of what makes it such an engaging competitive game is that killing in Global Offensive requires a wholly different skill set than other shooters. Everyone is limited to what they have and can see, with little room for character modification or on-the-fly advantages. Running and gunning is a useless play style, even if you've bought a helmet and kevlar that round, to the point that someone standing still is more likely to score the kill. Walking, crouching, or standing are your best bets to reduce the inaccurate spray of machine-gun fire. Consequently, killing in Global Offensive feels good. There's a sickening sensation to dropping someone dead because you know they're not coming back. It's also satisfying knowing you used limited resources to play smarter than your victim. If players aren't watching corners, providing covering fire, or using smoke grenades and flashbangs, they're more likely to take a headshot from a more delicate and patient triggerman. The desire to experience that distinct feeling is a strong motivator to keep playing, even when you're getting steamrolled by an obviously better team. If you've played Counter-Strike before, Global Offensive probably sounds a whole lot like Counter-Strike. Like Counter-Strike: Source before it, Global Offensive exists simply to modernize the look of the classic competitive shooter, while doing little to disrupt the core form and function. At the same time, it does enough to color outside the lines of tradition to justify your time and effort.  There's a sickening sensation to dropping someone dead because you know they're not coming back. Fire is one of the most interesting new combat variables. Molotov cocktails and incendiary grenades either roast groups of guys or force them in another direction. Flames are a useful distraction or scare tactic, too. They're particularly useful during Demolition matches, which focus the fight at a single bomb site rather than giving terrorists two to pick between. The new and modified maps in this mode aren't as big as classic Counter-Strike arenas  entire sections have been cut off to direct teams toward a central location  but their thoughtful design is as intricate as ever. The Lake map is a standout -- there's a wide open yet densely populated yard around the bomb site, which is inside a sizable lakeside home with plenty of vantage points and hiding spots. To separate Demolition from Defusal, players can't buy between rounds. Instead, it takes a cue from the other new mode, Arms Race, in which each kill unlocks another weapon instantly. The better you do, the more you have to switch up the way you play, and because Demolition is so fast you'll need to be quick on your feet. Arms Race can get out of control, but patience pays off. Unlike other game types, Arms Race allows for respawns. It's the most chaotic and care-free mode in Global Offensive, with players throwing caution to the wind for the sake of climbing the kill ladder as quickly as possible. It's a shame there are only two maps in Arms Race -- a problem that will more likely persist on consoles than PC. If you have the option, playing the PC version is unquestionably the best way to experience Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. Mods, mouse and keyboard, and the usual PC-only options are better than the ports. Plus, Valve is much better about long-term PC support -- it abandoned Team Fortress 2 on consoles, and Portal 2's level editor was PC exclusive. The Verdict Global Offensive is definitely a Counter-Strike sequel -- it looks and feels familiar, with minor tweaks here and there to help balance old issues and surprise longtime players. This is a demanding, skill-based multiplayer game that's as satisfying now as it ever was, but it's for a specific kind of player. If you're not willing to learn to play different than you're used to, look elsewhere. Otherwise, this is a top-tier tactics game that will probably share the long-tailed legacy of its predecessors.
game-hours: 715.1
review: Best fps game ever
game-hours: 715.1
review: Best fps game ever
game-hours: 2986.5
review: Best Game ever
game-hours: 694.1
review: asd
game-hours: 542.1
review: Nice
game-hours: 461.8
review: nice
game-hours: 1369.8
review: ING AWESOME
game-hours: 2748.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 413.2
review: Eaisly the best shooter i have ever played, this game combines tactical strartegy gameplay with a bit of twitch shooter gameplay and its amazing. From flawless map design to very well balanced guns this game is a must buy for 15 bucks
game-hours: 1203.6
review: awesome pawesome game !
game-hours: 2085.4
review: 1110% recommend this game
game-hours: 135.7
review: Play hard go pro
game-hours: 1044.5
review: much fun such good wow
game-hours: 721.7
review: Good graphics, how the gun work is pretty realistic, good map, good skins and Well done!
game-hours: 1632.2
review: This game is focused on competitive play, if you are looking for an action,intense,mid-paced fps shooter than this is for you I recommend this for anyone who is looking for a game to play with friends and compete with other online players!
game-hours: 165.3
review: Counter Stike is Love, Counter Strike is Life. Nothing else is needed to be said.
game-hours: 45.4
review: i spent a round killing chickens 10/10
game-hours: 763.4
review: love and make me fun to playing this game. i hope can gift and play with my friend
game-hours: 764.9
review: not call of duty
game-hours: 20.2
review: gg
game-hours: 374.6
review: This is a great game
game-hours: 592.2
review: Quite good, but the 7 days bans suck
game-hours: 1072.9
review: I love this game its one of the best i have ever played. The market of buying skins to the online to the bots everything about this game i enjoy <3
game-hours: 2189.8
review: bestgamever!
game-hours: 22.2
review: Best Game Evar Play It is amazingggggggggggggggggggggg ull love it
game-hours: 152.7
review: Woking Nova time to get more camos..
game-hours: 751.8
review: Good
game-hours: 127.2
review: Steals a lot of lifes every year...
game-hours: 978.9
review: Best Game FPS
game-hours: 345.9
review: In case you're unfamiliar, Counter-Strike is an entirely multiplayer experience. You can play offline against AI bots, but these are still merely simulating what it's like to play online, rather than really giving you a single-player game. The good news is that this is as good as online team-based shooters get. In the traditional game mode, there are two types of matches and two tiers of play. Casual level is for newer players and removes aspects like friendly fire and the need to purchase armor and ancillary items each round (more on that in a second). Ranked level is the original style of CS, with all the "realism" settings enabled, but it also features a comprehensive skill-based ranking system to try to balance teams and place good players with other good players.
game-hours: 701.9
review: There is a huge gap between Source & GO .... Will take you hours to get used with the graf-spray but if you're a cs veteran it shouldn't be a problem.
game-hours: 661.4
review: Counter strike series continious the good job. Particularly cs:go has new official modes like deathmatch. Also gun camos make the game much better^^
game-hours: 2064.1
review: The best game I've ever played on steam to date. Keeps me up until about 4 am. No doubt I'm an addict. Game is addictive and very well made. Graphics are good, gameplay is awesome, and most of the people are friendly. Awesome Game on the whole 5/5 :).
game-hours: 723.8
review: Nice game
game-hours: 165.7
review: This is a beast game, i love it
game-hours: 21.0
review: sweg
game-hours: 627.9
review: This is a really good FPS, I like it a lot......
game-hours: 912.7
review: Best FPS game to to date.
game-hours: 209.6
review: Super Awesome Dude!
game-hours: 1787.0
review: Very fun game to play! :)
game-hours: 373.0
review: This game looks like a generic fps but it has more than that. First off Cs go is a good Counter strike game.Theres couple of new thing's in this version like granades,modes,weapons and maps.This game is lot's of fun to play Also you get points for killing chickens in deathmatch. 10/10
game-hours: 644.7
review: This game ruined my life, I tried to defuse the microwave when there was 1 second left and my cat exploded. I asked Gaben for a Knife but he gave me a bizon. 10/10 would defuse again.
game-hours: 1938.5
review: dsadsdasadsdasda
game-hours: 625.2
review: Cheatersssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
game-hours: 372.4
review: Clasic sequel of CS 1.6 and Source. Reminds me about COD Modern Warfare online, but with lower pc requirements, still graphics are amazing.
game-hours: 1191.1
review: This game is a legend, keep gaming shooters !
game-hours: 89.5
review: Definitely much more better than CSS, and certainly not worse than classic 1.6. P.S. haters gonna hate. Yep
game-hours: 477.9
review: Fun to play!
game-hours: 2639.1
review: This game is a 10/10 game. The only way to win is through means of communication which include a social aspect of the game. Aim is an important aspect of this game too. If you're a terrible shot, just don't play competitive.
game-hours: 1045.9
review: Currently my favourite game on Steam. I know that some FPS games get old and that they are not for everyone but this one I have yet to get bored of playing. Playing countless hours of competitive with friends is where the majority of the fun is to be had, this game in general has a good community. Even casual can be fun, the Operations that release always have new and interesting changes to the game that do not just include the maps that come with them. I would highly recommend this game to anyone to play, even just casually the game can be a great experience. Pros: Insanely fun with friends to play Competitive Matchmaking or casually. This game has made me a better player at everything I play so it can for you too. Lots of community created games, maps, weapon skins, stickers, etc. (Some even added to the game by Valve) The game matches you at your skill level for Competitive Matchmaking so you always play against people of around equal skill. The item drop system in the game allows players to receive weapon skins or cases that you can use or open. The steam market is a great tool for this game as a lot of the in game items (Cases, stickers, skins, knives) are listed there for you to buy and sell. Cons: There can be at times quite a lot of hackers that want to ruin the experience of others, especially in Competitive Matchmaking. The game can be frustrating at times if you do not do well during games or play with people that don't care about others/don't communicate. Good luck with case openings you have a pretty low chance to get anything good, personally though I have gotten pretty lucky so anything is possible. The game can require a lot of effort if you play Competitively so know what you are getting into.
game-hours: 201.1
review: Great game, It will pay for itself by selling drops from games.
game-hours: 161.5
review: Amazing FPS- it's not an average PEW PEW PEW! SHOOT THE RUSSIAN/ARAB WOAH KILLSTREAK! GIANT OP ROCKET! PPPCCCCHOOOOWOWWWW! It's actually good!
game-hours: 44.1
review: Quite a fun fast paced shooter. Requires a lot of teamwork and things such as sneaking affect the gameplay a lot. I really recommend trying this. Can be gotten really cheap by trading. It's also on sale quite often.
game-hours: 612.5
review: luv it. nothing more to say...
game-hours: 1727.6
review: it,s a very nice game it takes more skillz and how to kill a moving target enemy without aiming as cod sucks take no skills
game-hours: 314.9
review: El mejor ttulo de toda la saga, siguiendo fiel a la mecanica de sus anteriores, pero con numerosas novedades. Un juego muy divertido a un precio realmente asequible.
game-hours: 894.6
review: i think this game is col i gues imn prty gauy 2 k bai buy dis gam cuz of comepteiiviteve so much fun -wat a pumba
game-hours: 162.0
review: well this game is cool when u get wins but when u get loss it sorta sucks so yah... its ok but i reccomend team fortress 2 more because it has heavy weapons guy so yes just like sorta play both i guess if u want to i not forcing u to do anything...
game-hours: 1920.6
review: you just gotta cheat like me and this game becomes fun except when you realize your life is a failure and you cry all night and then realize that cheating in cs is the iest thing in the world and if you have cheated in this game you probably had an online relationship with a guy for a month k l8rk1d
game-hours: 1535.7
review: If you like CS then this game should be in your collection :)
game-hours: 814.8
review: A great game with great fun!BUY IT IF U LOVE FPS GAME
game-hours: 811.6
review: very fun much wow
game-hours: 1680.8
review: Rubbish game, I only play it ironically for 1000+ hours
game-hours: 890.7
review: BGOFW
game-hours: 301.0
review: I'd rather play this then having 11 year old prepubescent boys telling me they slept with my mother over on Xbox Live.
game-hours: 334.1
review: This game is stupidly addictive. Hide yo wallet and hide yo paypal credentials.
game-hours: 1487.9
review: cant even iron sight
game-hours: 46.6
review: Call of Duty  .  ,   .
game-hours: 2301.8
review: simply the best.
game-hours: 1166.5
review: 1 of the best shootergames out there
game-hours: 613.1
review: The best game!
game-hours: 904.0
review: very nice game
game-hours: 99.2
review: i like this game
game-hours: 1090.8
review: Best game EU
game-hours: 1285.3
review: Best Counter-Strike at this moment. Matchmaking is made very well. It has some flaws, but if you look at it that you can play 5v5 matches with some kind of rank system, on free servers, without being struggled to find a opposite team and server by yourself, its PERFECT. Achievements add some more fun to it, and cases and skins allow you to choose your kind of skins on your guns. 9/10 because of some flaws and some matchmaking breakdowns once in a while
game-hours: 305.1
review: Matches me with people who can't aim, have no gamesense and do stupid decisions... So basically my skill level. 10/10
game-hours: 120.0
review: First Counter-Strike I've ever really gotten into, but I'm certainly glad I did! I love the competitiveness, the ranking system, and the gameplay is incredibly fun once you start to understand it! The community as a whole seems pretty good, and people are generally nice/helpful. I will definitely be spending long hours practicing and improving in this game!
game-hours: 490.9
review: game sucks no doritos and dew support
game-hours: 12.9
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive (CS: GO) will expand upon the team-based action gameplay that it pioneered when it was launched 12 years ago. CS: GO features new maps, characters, and weapons and delivers updated versions of the classic CS content (de_dust, etc.).In my opinion this game is one of the best FPS games i have played over the past year, The game modes are awesome, you can play offline with bots. Lovely game. Graphics are good. The bad thing is ...Nothing. I love this game. I got it on 14/12/13 and i am glad i did because it is fantastic. Recommended to all FPS lovers. 9/10. Although i love the game's engine, its the achievement i have issues with. In my first 3 hours i got like 17 achievements so my issue is that the achievements are too easy to get. Other than that , this game is absolutely fantastic.
game-hours: 715.8
review: "Terrible game" - IGN 4/10
game-hours: 507.2
review: So many hackers, don't buy this game if you don't want to play with potatos againts hackers, it is impossible to rank up in this game, just saying, only fun thing in this game is nothing.
game-hours: 20.7
review: I play offline alot, so I was excited to find that Counter-Strike: Global Offensive had an "Offline With Bots" feature. It is really fun to kill bots and defuse bombs as a Counter-Terrorist. It's also kind of funny when you spectate a bot to find that they have horrible accuracy. I like using shotgun weapon, and testing out CS:GO skins on an offline server without bots. I do recommend this game.
game-hours: 35.8
review: CS:GO is a fun, competive game for competing aganist players and settling scores, but it seems like CS:GO is going to become the new TF2. Why must I say that? Well, because they're adding tradable weapons, crates, keys, and trading in general. Soon, just like TF2, CS:GO shall be free to play, then everything just becomes really overrated. But overall, fun game to play.
game-hours: 390.7
review: Great for reflex, and team play.
game-hours: 380.5
review: wwwwww wwwww ww wwwwwwww w w wwww wwww www wwwwww www wwww wwww.
game-hours: 1115.3
review: this is the best of counter strike love this game
game-hours: 593.1
review: If you want to see the outside world do not buy this game!
game-hours: 86.2
review: Songname ???
game-hours: 1795.2
review: Ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 430.8
review: Good game!
game-hours: 256.9
review: Nice Game, Good job valve
game-hours: 329.0
review: Great Game 10/10 Flash your teammates. Shoot While You Walk. Call Everyone A Hacker. Unbox 4 Knives Sell and make $760.. This game actually made me $710 This game also made me rage, Due to the Following People Better then me Hackers Smurfs People Better then me Make sure if you go over nova rank you demote yourself silver league is the most fun in the whole game.
game-hours: 445.8
review: As expected from valve, a very well made and balanced game where being skilled rewards you. It has a side economy consisting of skins to your weapons and different knives that you use in combat. Gr8 game vovlo r8 8/8 m8
game-hours: 1115.6
review: You can shoot chickens 10/10
game-hours: 242.3
review: RECOMAND!
game-hours: 968.7
review: Great game, great graphics and content, flawless ranking system and it isnt pay to win
game-hours: 1023.6
review: good game :)
game-hours: 792.2
review: very fun best game on the market
game-hours: 367.5
review: 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 22.8
review: I failed school because of this game, 10/10 would do it again
game-hours: 576.0
review: GOOD GAME WELL PLAYED CS:GO is a fastpaced  game with unfair matchmaking and  hitboxes. If you want to spend thousands of dollars on weapon skins and knives, I strongly recommend this game. danieliknowyouarereadingthisyoufag
game-hours: 36.0
review: alright game just alot of hackers who fly around
game-hours: 22.4
review: this game and  the awp
game-hours: 1687.2
review: This game is not for everyone. If you dont mind getting addicted to a game, then this is all you need.
game-hours: 121.4
review: I love this game, with all its tutorials it will make you better at it :D
game-hours: 535.8
review: Great game if your to good you will be called a hacker if you die you are called a noob 10/10
game-hours: 189.2
review: This game is so addicting it is not even funny. 10/10 Would buy again. recomended.
game-hours: 9.3
review: It's fun and all.. BUT YOU CAN'T PLAY ONLINE THROUGH FAMILY SHARING! Valve, this kinda bs. Like, do you not get enough money from steam aleady? If you don't, just make HL3 already.
game-hours: 479.1
review: 10/10 Best Terrorism Simulator at your own home
game-hours: 583.6
review: its awesome :D
game-hours: 1031.7
review: If you are nervous, don't buy this game ! if you love skins and hate your wallet then i recommend it !!
game-hours: 760.7
review: Matchmake against cheaters and they call me Bad 10/10
game-hours: 54.5
review: MINT MINT MINT MINT
game-hours: 15.0
review: Good multiplayer game awesome graphics than previous series...
game-hours: 54.1
review: great game! i recommend it to all 1.6 veterans and cs fans in general!
game-hours: 1039.1
review: CS:GO is a game you love to hate. Its hard to get into if you havent played any of the previous series making it challenging for new players. For those entering CS:GO for the first time, I'm giving my apology in advance because you are going to get some verbal abuse from some players. Here are some tips on how to avoid these verbal abuses and maybe gain some respect from the older more experienced players and in return become a better player Tip 1: Do not camp in spawn, everybody hates that Tip 2: Using the AUG or SG and camping will increase your chances of someone yelling at you and calling you a scrub turbo nerd. Tip 3: Autosnipers. Wins games yes but really you can win with other guns. Tip 4: Try not to run and shoot at the same time. It works but your chances of getting a kill are slim unless you rush with a Negev...in tunnels... Tip 5: If you are having a hard time learning the mechanics of the game, watch some videos, learn from the best, its how I learnt. Even though I still can't aim with an AK it doesnt hurt to learn. Tip 6: If you are on either on CT or T side, make sure you know what your team objective is. If you are playing T on a defuse map and it's on Dust 2, please for the love of god please, try to plant the bomb and move with your team. I've seen to many bomb carriers jerking off doing their own thing and end up dead, while the rest of the team is half way across the map. If you don't have the bomb, then try to protect him. Your objective is to plant the bomb. Not AWP down mid and try to get the sickest pick of 2014. This tip also applies to Hostages. Tip 7: Game modes like casual and competitive are a great way to switch game play. Casual is great if you want to just want to have fun like zeus rushing stairs or Mac 10 rush garry in Office and is good for newcomers. competitive is very different, if you are new try to avoid competitive until you have a firm grasp on the overall CS:GO game. But if you are the type of #YOLO kind of person and just wants to jump into a compeitive match go ahead but you might get vote kicked and be called names who've never ever even heard off. I'm pretty sure the saying Turbo Nerd was introduced to me in CS:GO. For those who have clocked on triple digit hours on this game. How good is getting a deagle headshot? If somehow feels really right. Anyways those who are experienced in CS:GO and any counter strike of the counter strike games, in my opinion this game hits the headshot when it comes to first person shooters. Over time we've seen this series evolve through daily updates, hotfixes and patches that make the game more enjoyable for those experienced players ( expect the aim down sight for AUG's and SG's, why did they try to fix something that wasnt even broken?) Playing with friends is just more enjoyable and an important factor on why CS:GO is still big. Here is a list of sayings me, my friends and some of the CS:GO community have made while playing CS:GO "This franchise is to big for me" (Getting killed by an AUG or SG) "CYA MATEEEEEEEEEE" (Shooting someone in the face who pissed you off in the pervious round) "SIT DOWN SON" (When someone gets shot by a deagle in the head while moving) "F^$K THIS GAME!" (Opening a case and it just slowly moves past a Statrak M4 Asiimov) "GET REKT" (Getting a kill on someone who has been dominating you for the past 6 rounds.) "Freaking turbo nerd" (When the other player has outskilled you and killed you) "Holy crap, Australian players" (Is a term for crap or not so skillful players) "Of course I get shot from skylights" (Those have who know what I'm talking about you know whats up. Pun intended.) "GG fagget" (Is when some mic spamming  wins the match because his been trashing talking and making himself top gun.) "Get good scrub" ( Again, killing someone who's pissed you off in the previous round) "Nice ghosting" (When a player gets mad because you and your clan are on top of the team) "*insert username* is hacking! (Thats when you've become that good at CS:GO that people think you are hacking but really, you've mastered how you like your crosshair, you've mastered every inch of the map, knowing almost every camping spot or spot that someone might be in, you've mastered the skill of the AK, and lastly mastered the art strafing while firing.) In conclusion, get this game because it's the only game that makes you so damn freaking mad but you can't help but return to it. Almost like dark souls but the end game for CS:GO is the sudden realization of spending $1000+ in opening cases and buying weapon skins and during the entire period of playing CS:GO, you could have saved up to buy a new car or a new house, and the money you have spent opening cases during your CS:GO time...you could have actually bought yourself a statrak knife....Good one.
game-hours: 362.2
review: Beautiful.
game-hours: 1329.8
review: Worth your time and improves your aiming skills if you tryhard in competitive
game-hours: 875.9
review: Best Game
game-hours: 832.3
review: This sucks.
game-hours: 345.1
review: Foarte cooL
game-hours: 196.6
review: THIS GAME IS FRIKIN AWESOME! its a really fun shooter for pros and people who are new to cs.
game-hours: 1139.1
review: nice i love it
game-hours: 126.1
review: As a Level 9 Golden Tier Triple Eagle Triadic Support RPer, I must say that this game is groundbreaking. Pros- Supreme Gunplay : As a former hired gun for elite operations and special operations, I know what a real gun feels like. That kick, weight, and satisfying click as the sliding thing hits the back of the gun. All these are down to a tee with this supreme work of art. Graphics: The look is so realistic that I sometimes shoot people in real life thinking I'm still on my sweet home PC. This is the apex of 21st century gaming. Sound: The screams, the lingo, and the surround sound make me smile every time I noscope a scrub with my deagle. Cons- Unrealistic Livestock: The chickens would not survive in such an arid climate.
game-hours: 217.2
review: Awesome Game!
game-hours: 267.4
review: Ez skins ez lyfe
game-hours: 919.2
review: really exciting shooting game all the time. you can compete among your friends.
game-hours: 417.6
review: Can kill chickens 10/10 would buy again
game-hours: 594.9
review: You can kill chickens with pink guns
game-hours: 635.2
review: Iz veri gud game
game-hours: 191.4
review: No words, just awesome.
game-hours: 1326.8
review: awesome game.must have.really addictive
game-hours: 1176.5
review: Its a really good game
game-hours: 1172.9
review: the best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1596.9
review: I like it
game-hours: 1750.4
review: This game is better than Counter Strike 1.6 and much better than CS:Source. It is very addicting with the match making part of the game.
game-hours: 619.3
review: very well game ,, abis abis duitt!!
game-hours: 1630.7
review: fun game.. buy it
game-hours: 116.1
review: 11/10 blaze it
game-hours: 492.6
review: knife gay sex party 69/69
game-hours: 289.9
review: Very Very Good Game!
game-hours: 1780.0
review: Hmmmm, how can I sum this game up. Well, if you're thinking of buying the next Call of Duty, I would think it again. Whats gonna last you more, a effortless piece of amphibian sh*t or a true, fast-paced shooter that had YEARS of effort put into it. I present to you, Counter Strike: Global Offensive. People say the reviewers that put the most hours into a game are the best. Thats simply not true. I put not too much time into this mostly because of other things but I can tell you about my experience with the game. First, the servers are a piece of cake to get into. I took a stopwatch to it and it took literally 3 seconds to find a server. And if your worrying about hacking, dont worry. So far, I have seen no hackers. The community is great. Their are a few people who will hate you, and some ragers, but if you happen to find a 12 year old playing, there not so annoying. I would like to finish off saying this is the most competitive shooter Ive seen in years.
game-hours: 819.0
review: Its good (:
game-hours: 1588.5
review: Started up the game played for 1300 hours didnt want to kill myself that much, without the screaming little 6 year olds like COD would give this a 10/10
game-hours: 472.0
review: nice
game-hours: 239.1
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 539.2
review: Knifes on CSGO cost more than real life knifes
game-hours: 871.0
review: a rose
game-hours: 732.9
review: It is an awesome game but you can easily get banned on comp so you really have to be careful about that. If you are a new player start with casual and move your way up to comp, this is not like every other FPS this game you have to study the recoil and make good habits with your mouse if you want to spray. If you chose not to spray you can always single click for powerful damage. Overall this is a pretty fun and awesome game and i would sugest it for people and their friends if they really want a fun FPS.
game-hours: 431.9
review: Good!
game-hours: 83.4
review: rely good game yes
game-hours: 713.8
review: It's still the best fps-game around ;)
game-hours: 55.3
review: Same classic gameplay. Way better visually.
game-hours: 665.0
review: This is a very good, very unique type of first person shooter. Unlike any of its kind with the very competitive style.
game-hours: 734.0
review: Great game ;D Totally would recommend!
game-hours: 732.8
review: Great game would rate 8/8
game-hours: 494.8
review: Buy an expensive knife,buy some StatTrek guns,kill some chickens,get killed by someone,repeat. 10/10 Counter Strike : Global Chickens
game-hours: 28.0
review: gg
game-hours: 669.3
review: Bang bang. Shoot bad men, and do stuff.
game-hours: 274.6
review: Volvo patch adad strafing.
game-hours: 375.7
review: i love the game but i lost connection because of a storm and it gave me a 7 day ban  you gabbon
game-hours: 14.2
review: Simple. This game worth the price :)
game-hours: 1306.8
review: 4.5/670 would play again
game-hours: 416.2
review: Good game but hard to rank up. I am in silver 1 and for some reason none of my quickscopes hit. The registration is BS. If there is a fix someone tell me pls -_- k thnx
game-hours: 917.9
review: If you have friends, this is a great game to play with them. If you don't have any friends, this is a great game to play alone. If you don't have the game to play, get money for it. If you don't have the money for it, get a job. If you don't have a job, rob a bank. If you get arrested robbing the bank, at least you tried. Aiming is more dynamic so it makes the gameplay more addictive and on a professional level.. Buy only if you are not short tempered.. xD
game-hours: 1140.8
review: Awesome Game :)
game-hours: 18.0
review: ya take the good and u take tha bad u take em all n there ya havee.. this gaem
game-hours: 2528.0
review: Best FPS game on steam.
game-hours: 902.9
review: 10/10
game-hours: 451.2
review: Interesant joc
game-hours: 891.3
review: It a relly good fps game i like it alot so buy it is worth it:)
game-hours: 80.9
review: ye a nuam
game-hours: 347.8
review: This is the most amazing first person shooter game I have ever played c:
game-hours: 2299.2
review: Awesome Game. Awesome Graphics. Best Multiplayer FPS Game.
game-hours: 919.6
review: At the moment my favourite game. The only bad thing is Matchmaking and some bans like "You kicked many people". I really hate this cooldown but it's still the best game ever. 10/10.
game-hours: 414.0
review: You need to be Russian to play this game. 11/10
game-hours: 197.7
review: I used to play call of duty. I wasted my time on that game, I haven't on this
game-hours: 925.6
review: the best game i have ever played. takes skill which is why cod players dont recomend it. the skin system is very nice but very expensive. and the ranking system isnt too hot either but it is very fun and me and my friends enjoy it
game-hours: 597.5
review: Fantastic Action Game !
game-hours: 1104.4
review: I r8 8/8 gr8 m8, srlys this game is balling in the marijuana
game-hours: 327.2
review: omg so good , but u have to be 20/20 vision :(
game-hours: 164.0
review: .
game-hours: 863.1
review: mycket bra spel, om man gillar att flja strmmen och inte bli utfryst av sina internetvnner som spelar CS s r detta ett mycket bra kp
game-hours: 1032.2
review: Huge learning curve from the Run N' Gun CoD/Battlefield titles I grew up with. Once you break the habit of relying on ADS and spraying everywhere, this can be a great game. When you do finally get the hang of it (13 hours in for me) there is a very rewarding feeling you get when actually doing good for a few rounds. Definitely recommend this game.
game-hours: 1088.0
review: awesomeeeeeeeeeeee
game-hours: 606.7
review: One of the best FPS out there! Really addictive and fun!...
game-hours: 442.5
review: ALthough the skill curve is very high a few months you'll be getting better and then if you have some friends to play with nothing can beat the fun this game offers
game-hours: 417.4
review: Fantastic Fun
game-hours: 655.2
review: Just... perfect
game-hours: 739.3
review: valve pls buff the scout move speed
game-hours: 759.1
review: Best game NA
game-hours: 1249.6
review: Awesome Game
game-hours: 1390.2
review: amazing game....next 5 years at least in top online games...
game-hours: 385.3
review: Really Good and Funny Game. The Best thing is the Rank System. Skins. Skins. ez skins ez life
game-hours: 1810.6
review: Best First person shooting game out there!
game-hours: 238.4
review: Making Bank
game-hours: 2016.5
review: Very nice game, recommend it to all people on earth. GG WP
game-hours: 1005.1
review: Pretty cool game but it can get a bit boring after a while, adding more gamemodes would be nice
game-hours: 341.5
review: great competitive game
game-hours: 353.6
review: Lo recomiendo, muy completo. Vale la pena comprarlo.
game-hours: 546.1
review: This is a very good game. I came from counter strike source and i loved that, then I heard about cs go and I bought the game as soon as possible and love playing it!!
game-hours: 342.6
review: Geat game but takes some getting used to. High skill ceiling.
game-hours: 1161.2
review: its ok
game-hours: 765.5
review: Never has such a recent valve game been on sale for 3, this game recieves regular updates with great multiplaer, teamwork action, the best FPS of 2012 and the game to get just in time for christmas! Its just as chepa now as the older versions that came out in the early 2000s! Rage, Lose and learn to overcome in CS:GO! One of the best FPSs ever
game-hours: 274.9
review: nice :D
game-hours: 1477.4
review: Game is great, with a good community and a fun competative game mode.
game-hours: 911.4
review: Awesome game just like the original one with improved graphics, love the gameplay but the skin thing has actually made people addicted to it. Nice game overall
game-hours: 708.3
review: Nrmaalne
game-hours: 341.4
review: Good game, toxic community. But if you have a lot of friends that play it can be fun.
game-hours: 103.8
review: It's an actual FPS. Your skill vs their skill.
game-hours: 1133.8
review: THIS. GAME. IS. WORD.
game-hours: 691.0
review: CS:GO is the successor to the popular "CSS" title. with the requirement of extreme precision, witts, and money conservation, this game will be known for years to come. This game is not only for the Competitive or hardcore gamer... CS:GO has casual lobbies where i myself have made alot of friends as i learned the game. the friendly nature of players offers a benefit to both Casual and Competitve players allowing great communication and cooperation. On top of the games stellar mechanics and community, CS:GO offers a HUGE variety of in-game purchases for skins and maps THAT NEVER REQUIRE REAL MONEY PURCHASES, EVER. you recieve drops as rounds end that can be traded with other players for their skins, or sold on the market for Steam wallet funds. A game i can play for hours on end with personalization that i can buy with money i earned WITHIN the game is something that truly makes this title stand out 10 out of frickin' 10 i recommend fully that you play this game Good job, Valve
game-hours: 118.3
review: If you want a game where countless seagulls bite and sting your face, then this is the one for you. Sometimes, it just gets out of hand and there are so many seagulls that even the best computer lags. I bought this game way back in 1992, when the beta was first out. This game started out as a mod for Grand Theft Auto:Chinatown Wars, but Blizzard Entertainment launched it as a full on game for Steam. This game has several guns to pick from. The infamous cannon, the slug-mug-tug, and few others. If you are lucky, there are crate drops that occur once a month and you can buy a key from the In-Game store with 5,000 microsoft points. The worst possible unbox you can get is a knife, so if you get a knife, then put it on the market for $0.03. That's what I sure did.
game-hours: 286.6
review: its a very g
game-hours: 334.9
review: yes review yes
game-hours: 833.2
review: very adictive game !
game-hours: 895.8
review: I started playing CS 1.6 when I was ~9 years old maybe. Played it a lot and when CSS came out I couldn't enjoy it as much as CS 1.6. But when CS GO was released..I'm still enjoying it.
game-hours: 1275.9
review: Why cant i play my cs go it says i got a computer problem isit bcs of my uncle laptops?
game-hours: 919.9
review: Pretty nice.
game-hours: 82.6
review: Worth 12/10
game-hours: 318.0
review: know what will be nice to add to this cs? Zombie mode with tripmines (lasers) :D like on cs 1.6
game-hours: 645.8
review: Interesting game with in game goodies
game-hours: 199.2
review: Tick is shit, hit detection is shit, full of hackers* and retarded recoil system. 9/10 it's ok. *on valve servers
game-hours: 0.8
review: bot match is ok. nothing else worthwhile...
game-hours: 160.6
review: You can kill chickens. 10/10
game-hours: 688.8
review: Pretty good, fun game keeps me comming back.
game-hours: 1283.5
review: Good Game.
game-hours: 2.8
review: I WOULD  THIS GAME IF I WAS MENTAL!!!!!
game-hours: 257.7
review: Its a CS Game So Its Good and SKINS I LIKE SKINS
game-hours: 82.8
review: Broken  game
game-hours: 544.8
review: One Love <3
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.9
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2870.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 202.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 771.3
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 515.1
review: Awesome experiance of cs series (y)
game-hours: 436.6
review: yackyackacyak
game-hours: 766.9
review: Good stuff, yo!
game-hours: 1223.6
review: BEAST
game-hours: 1040.4
review: The question we might ask is: Global Offensive have been as successful if it was not a Counter-Strike? Not sure ...
game-hours: 1018.8
review: best fps game ever
game-hours: 277.0
review: 0/10 needs hats
game-hours: 1055.3
review: The most awesome time wasting game :D
game-hours: 1648.1
review: I like this game.
game-hours: 691.8
review: Very funny Game, better than COD
game-hours: 122.8
review: I offended the globe! Mission accomplished! 10/10
game-hours: 415.6
review: so fun
game-hours: 459.7
review: THE BEST GAME :) No other words to explain :)
game-hours: 545.4
review: My favorite game
game-hours: 1320.3
review: Been playing CS for years and although I hated this game at first it has grown on me and has turned out to be pretty awesome. Still needs some work but it has a bright future! Best FPS game Period. COD and BF players Go Home.
game-hours: 8.2
review: It's a darn fun game, but there are some kinks that need to be worked out in it. For example, when I change a map I crash.
game-hours: 356.9
review: You can reload and defuse a bomb at the same time. 10/10
game-hours: 296.5
review: Cs go is a fedorable game the only problem i have with it is that there is not enough fedoras actually there is none which is a disgrace us gentlemen deserve to atleast have fedoras in the game but over all i would give this game 9fedoras/10
game-hours: 598.6
review: Awsome game! xD
game-hours: 3783.8
review: Very good game! ;)
game-hours: 31.5
review: It is great to play with friends, but I dont have any so...
game-hours: 513.2
review: Very interesting and quite challenging game, I recommend this game for people with good accuracy in FPS games.
game-hours: 206.3
review: I haven't played CS since 1.4? When Steam first became mandatory to play, which I boycotted back then. Anyway I bought this on summer sale last year 2013 and only recently started playing. I really like it and definately recommend this, especially when it's on sale. It's pretty much the "same old" CS but with enhanced graphics and new maps. Also there are new playmodes which are nice. Playing with bots to train is also very easy and perhaps even recommended to get used to the weapons and maps. The only "bad" thing I would have to say, is like on every team based game; your team makes a huge difference. If you happen to be against better team, you just lose. Not that loosing is bad mind you. I see a lot of players quitting when they realize the team has no chance, trying to keep up a good kill/death -ratio perhaps? All in all, a very good "legendary" game that you should definately try.
game-hours: 481.2
review: The best game in the world
game-hours: 1296.1
review: It's a good game. Takes a lot of skill, not just your average run and gun Shooter game. Has a nice competitive system, although matchmaking can get upsetting at times. At the early stages, Valve never really cared about the hackers, until a later date. I'd say 95% of cheats are no longer working, so the game is pretty safe, for now. 10/10 I'd play it alot.
game-hours: 1480.3
review: best geem ever
game-hours: 229.8
review: 100 hours. My inventory is worth more than $75. Good game, good game
game-hours: 833.8
review: great game, with practice
game-hours: 1491.2
review: Good. Buy it. Play it. Have fun.
game-hours: 1160.1
review: When CS: GO was first revealed to the public in summer of 2011; everyone thought it would be a gimmick, which didn't have such high expectations. After all, we were wrong. When CS: GO released its beta in August 2012, everyone liked the new and improved full fledge graphics, new game modes, such as: Arms race and demolition. It also has a vastly improved hit detection then Counter-Strike: Source and it was well on the level of CS: 1.6. After all these improvements made to the Counter Strike franchise, people still didn't move away from 1.6. CS: 1.6 was seen as the "God" of all CS's. No one ever though that 'GO' would blow up to the same level as 1.6. Professional players from all around the globe who played 1.6 see CS: GO as a worthy competitive shooter. This led to the extremely large event being hosted such as Dream Hack and ESL. There aren't many negatives to the game, as it's near perfect to the CS everyone loves and dwells in the night. However they're a few hiccups here and there. For example, in the matchmaking mode in competitive play. You may find hackers. The valve is trying to crack down on this by introducing a new system called the 'Over watch' this involves players who have more than 150 wins in competitive to watch a clip from a match and see if that person is hacking. Other issues include 64 tick servers, which are not as smooth as 128 tick. Valve's new instalment really did it this time. Reaching levels of CS: 1.6. If you want to play Counter-Strike, there is nothing else I can tell but to get this game. It is worth it.
game-hours: 1414.3
review: Its a easy game. To easy ;)
game-hours: 1885.8
review: cool!
game-hours: 83.0
review: wow, so awp. many oneshot. very noscope wow
game-hours: 1525.3
review: Jak co jest fajne to polecam. Polecam.
game-hours: 1419.8
review: great game i love it :d
game-hours: 813.8
review: One of the most inspiring game i have ever played , it touches me sooo deep that i get horny thinking of it . The story and the questline is so brilliant . A classic game . 5 / 5 It always seems impossible until its done . - Nelson Mandela
game-hours: 303.8
review: I just love this game! I used to be a holywood star byt now im in a war!
game-hours: 31.4
review: what can i say .....? just buy it !
game-hours: 592.8
review: This might be the best game I have ever played! From the amazing map texture to some of the best and most realistic gameplay I've played in a while! I love always being to interact with the map to conqure the enemy team! The gamemodes are amazning, and keep me intertained! This game is worth the $14.99 by FAR! Even when it goes on sale, it makes the deal better! Though this game was hard to get used to, it pays of after you begin to get more familiar with the game mechanics and design! I strongly reccoment this game! 10/10
game-hours: 1306.1
review: best game NA hiko tought me how to molly and raise my kappa's 10/10
game-hours: 225.9
review: After playing this game for roughly 3 months, I have lost 36 lb. and it help teach my kid how to do 4th grade Math. Thanks CSGO!
game-hours: 287.7
review: One of the best multiplayer games out there.
game-hours: 1080.6
review: 10/10
game-hours: 362.0
review: Shoot other people because they're a different race then you #murica
game-hours: 53.5
review: Counter Strike is still CS. The community blows and is full of immature kids. You have weird servers like jailbreak, surf, and aim maps. But it is still the most fun and hardcore FPS out there. Valve tried really hard to improve the way we play CS. You can escape the pub maddness and play on the competative ladder. There the players are much better AND ACTUALLY CARE ABOUT WINNING THE GAME!!!! The first game I ever bought on steam and the second game I ever bought on my PC is CS 1.6. 7-8 years later I can say this game is the best CS out there right now.
game-hours: 6.6
review: !
game-hours: 4.1
review: sheeeeeeeeeeeeiiiiiiiittttt
game-hours: 208.0
review: Russian approves this game
game-hours: 129.9
review: awesome!
game-hours: 501.6
review: Perfect game :-) There are many things what you can buy/drop & there is NO "pay to win" system everything depends on your skills! 10/10 ;-)
game-hours: 1356.4
review: Best Game I've Ever Played. Period.
game-hours: 18.1
review: A game about killing terrorists a HUGE leap from the CSS game
game-hours: 1715.2
review: Great game, a few bugs here and there but nontheless, sensacional! 9/10
game-hours: 116.3
review: hodor hodor
game-hours: 294.8
review: Really nice game, especially the competitive mode. But, yeah like other multiplayer games, it's full of anoying people that love to insult or trolling other players x_x Oooh... one last thing, don't be suprised if you encounter many players that is much more better or much worse than you in the competitive mode because the matchmaking is almost broken.
game-hours: 925.9
review: Best first-person shooting game ever!
game-hours: 301.8
review: This game is awesome! its all id ever need in life.
game-hours: 462.1
review: Great game
game-hours: 810.4
review: i killed a chicken with a knife. 10/10
game-hours: 637.7
review: It is a good game. GET IT
game-hours: 624.0
review: skins, skins, WTF HUMAN SKIN??? and more skins
game-hours: 642.5
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 1333.1
review: its the best game i ever played!
game-hours: 848.2
review: es very naice
game-hours: 853.3
review: Fun game
game-hours: 948.4
review: Best FPS shooter ever in a new coat.
game-hours: 367.0
review: 420 gaben
game-hours: 309.8
review: i like the terror characturs they make me feel fit in
game-hours: 295.9
review: *shoots chicken* *chicken explode* 11/10
game-hours: 145.9
review: is gud much fun
game-hours: 661.1
review: Really good Game!
game-hours: 320.3
review: Someone handcuffed me and force fed me a rotten banana laced with disinfectant. 11/10
game-hours: 290.6
review: so gud
game-hours: 265.1
review: good game. not regret buyin' it
game-hours: 175.4
review: good game , i need this so much
game-hours: 1124.6
review: its a good game i recommend this game
game-hours: 575.4
review: Excellent game
game-hours: 1472.1
review: The next best thing after CS 1.6, if you enjoy FPS genre, this is definitely a must have!
game-hours: 196.8
review: Counter Strike: Global Offensive is the 12th game in the Counter Strike franchise and features even more guns and no women. To appeal to a wider audience treyarch has given every player a magnet shield that deflects bullets 95% of the time. The game currently has a very game breaking bug where shots to the head end up killing you instantly making the game incredibly unfair. 88/100
game-hours: 595.3
review: Great game. Very good if you like working with other players as a team.
game-hours: 1702.5
review: Got addicted, ruined my final graduation at school. Good Game
game-hours: 523.3
review: Just another great sequel to one of the best FPS games... Too bad sprays were removed - that's only one of the few cons of CS:GO
game-hours: 1075.9
review: Bloody adictive :)
game-hours: 545.1
review: Oh my god. I love and hate this game. Mostly love though, so satisfying getting a competitive win. So crushing getting a loss in competitive.
game-hours: 499.6
review: When I was playing at Dust II, I walked by the double doors then got headshoted with a pistol across the map. 10/10
game-hours: 360.7
review: Fun. Good game. Buy now with money.
game-hours: 684.7
review: Best multiplayer game I ever played. Good job Valve.
game-hours: 27.1
review: Awesome!!!
game-hours: 3.9
review: Tastes Like Chicken, Not Arma 3 -69/25 IGN GAME OF YEAR, EDITORS CHOICE, BEST OF E3, BEST GAME SINCE ANGRY BIRDS
game-hours: 299.1
review: "Pew pew pew" - 10/10
game-hours: 1019.2
review: -.      ,    ...
game-hours: 2242.2
review: The games works fairly well, sometimes you club the seal cub, sometimes the seal cub clubs you
game-hours: 78.6
review: if you kill someone your a hacker all of a sudden and if you dont kill anyone you are a crappy player and should not play also you can buy a scratched up knife for like only $63.87 its fun
game-hours: 615.5
review: Awsome game!
game-hours: 329.5
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 473.3
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, is the game for people that are competitive. The game makes it competitive by using various teqniques. One of them is having a ranking system which sets you up against people at your level. This makes close matches and also a desire to win. The other thing that makes it is beeing more focused on tactics and team-play than just shooting like in COD. The best thing is that they balance the shooting and the tactics, also weapons, so there aren't any OP weapons, for long atleast. If you don't want to play competitvly, there are more than enough gamemodes for you. But there isn't just positive. after I've played it for a while I can say I'm getting bored of the maps even though there are comming new maps every 3rd month or so. The new maps which are comming are just bad in my opinion. You can also notice that the matchmaking dosen't always work which causes unbalanced matches in competitive. It is still important to remember that I am almost only playing competitive but even if you're not a competitive person, I recommend this game for all FPS lovers. It is even what I would say is a low price for a game. From a scale from 0-100, I would give it a 93.
game-hours: 211.0
review: Best competitive game of all time for me !
game-hours: 409.5
review: gret gam i lov et
game-hours: 77.6
review: very good game 10/10
game-hours: 33.6
review: ~Great game totally think it was worth the money.
game-hours: 526.2
review: Currently the best fps game of all time..
game-hours: 18.4
review: This is one hell of a game that everyone should play. The best about this game is not the gameplay, mechanics or the graphics, no way, the best is his comunity. In my whole life I've never seen a comunity who suported as much and with so much enthusiam gay people, eveybody seems to be openly gay and have no problem being adressed as it and even more family friendly! Everybody seems to know each other and their mothers and it's just great to see people being suportive to each other. If you're searching something to play with other high achivers like yourself who smoke so much grass they don't even know the day they live on, this is your game. P.D. If you believe hackers exist in this game you probably suck at it.
game-hours: 1550.6
review: Amazing game!
game-hours: 2014.2
review: I must have killed at least 500 chickens by now. 19/10 would buy again.
game-hours: 1329.6
review: 5* Great competatve fps
game-hours: 880.5
review: Best Game Ever.. 10/10 , Buy this right now!
game-hours: 1081.4
review: "Fast paced first peron shooter with amazing gameplay . Booth tactical and high skill (reactions,aim and fast thinking) rewarding game. With this game there is a ranked system which works good enough and can give you the competition you need when on the roll!"
game-hours: 331.7
review: Nice pew pew game
game-hours: 726.8
review: I'm kinda iffy on if I should say yes or no on if I reccomend this game. 1 it has great game mechanics and potential. 2 they made a tf2 out of it. 3 children O_O . 4 sometimes it gives you competitive matches with people the same rank as you ... sometimes.
game-hours: 1015.5
review: ncie
game-hours: 897.8
review: Get called a "Smurf" and/or a hacker by little kids whenever you play a good game. ~ 10/10 JetPlane approved.
game-hours: 410.1
review: I love this game it's really fun and amusing.Just one thing that sucks about this game is the really annoying/bad community
game-hours: 44.2
review: I am best player in wood 6 - 11/69
game-hours: 287.2
review: goot
game-hours: 1095.2
review: Nice:D
game-hours: 1385.4
review: Community is composed of 99% Russians, 1% of normal people and 20% of stupid people who can't even count. Best game.
game-hours: 374.3
review: top kek
game-hours: 615.0
review: You Haven't Played Cs Go ???? You Does Not Deserve To live ....Die
game-hours: 60.6
review: IT IS ADDICTING AS HELL. I KNOW RUSSIAN NOW.
game-hours: 378.3
review: Definitely fun and competitive.
game-hours: 412.8
review: Pirovolaw panw stous antipalous kai den tous petixenei oute mia sfera 10/10 Gabenpiece
game-hours: 1443.0
review: The best FPS game <3
game-hours: 131.2
review: Super GAME
game-hours: 1156.3
review: Best game I love it, very interactive and strategic while in Competitive but it does have some bugs nad things to improve but those are minor and I don't really mind but really good FPS for anyone.
game-hours: 676.5
review: veri gud except for russian hackers and serbian scammers. i gev this game 3 out of 5 camels
game-hours: 358.5
review: Good game matchmaking is a good feature if you get grouped with some on who speaks your language or at least english.
game-hours: 291.2
review: Cs go!go!go! boom,tidish,babax
game-hours: 4574.4
review: .,?,,.?,
game-hours: 606.5
review: omg 1V1 me n ill cap u m8
game-hours: 601.0
review: Great sequel to CS 1.6 & CS:Source. I've played it for many hours, and many more hours are to come for me. Game has become a lot better than what was released at the start. Even the menu's was horrible, i haven't played this game for around 6 months from when i bought it because it was unappealing to me then. Now it's a lot better but i'd like to see 100tickrate matchmaking servers, however now it's not terrible, BF4 has something around 10-20tr and it's noticeable there. The other thing that needs to be resolved are stupid people(or mentally ill) who use cheats. Valve hasn't done much to stop it (system from Titanfall would be great, cheaters would play only with other cheaters), or they did it without any success. On the other hand this game is pretty cheap so ban's would have to be connected to cheater's GUID (pc id that can't be changed, it's generated based on your hardware, when u change a piece of hardware in your pc your guid changes but it's more difficult than buying another 5$ copy of game). I'd reccomend this game anyway, the amounts of fun in it are completely worth the money it's cost. 9/10
game-hours: 326.9
review: cod ghost is better
game-hours: 539.3
review: Good Game
game-hours: 862.7
review: You can kill people with a flashbang. 10/10
game-hours: 327.8
review: Best Counter-Strike i've ever played,that is the cs go :D
game-hours: 2522.9
review: Good!
game-hours: 110.0
review: a "Must-Have" Game! Awesome Gameplay,Maps,and Very Competitive! Fun To Play with Friends! if you do not have this game,You Must Get It!
game-hours: 98.0
review: Sper oyun tavsiye ederim
game-hours: 801.7
review: :)))
game-hours: 625.9
review: much fun such fps
game-hours: 1957.0
review: The Best There Was.. The Best There Is.. The Best There Will Be !!!
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.9
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2870.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 202.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 771.8
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 1298.4
review: 10/10 great game great game great game great game great game great game great game great game great game
game-hours: 744.3
review: Amazing
game-hours: 698.6
review: best game :D 10/10
game-hours: 245.3
review: Better than Call of Duty
game-hours: 809.1
review: 9/10 "Best FPS game I've ever seen in my life" - Lukas "mist" Mistificate
game-hours: 897.3
review: The improved version of Counter-Strike.
game-hours: 149.5
review: Counter Strike: Global Offensive is an absolutely essential multiplayer experience. The gameplay has been refined to near perfection. The gun play is unparalleled and the complexity of this games competitive mode is staggering given how simple the games premise is. Throw on top all of this a compelling market place where people earn, buy, sell and trade unique skins, stickers, keys and the like and you have got a recipe for pure addiction. I give Counter Strike: Global Offensive my highest praises and I hope to see future iterations continue the level of dedication and quality that is present in this online delight.
game-hours: 312.3
review: A a a a a a a a a very very very very very very very nice nice nice nice nice nice nice game game game game game game game. 10/9 Schnitzels.
game-hours: 1083.3
review: Dear people, despite what you all believe take the offensive and buy this game.
game-hours: 211.5
review: awesome fps experience. nothing for bf or cd players!
game-hours: 259.1
review: Really gud dame
game-hours: 271.8
review: Dude, this game is balls to the walls wild. I heard you can shoot guns or somethin'.
game-hours: 809.5
review: Good game, fun to play with friends and a good way for people to make money
game-hours: 944.1
review: Kappa Kappa
game-hours: 1385.6
review: ..
game-hours: 102.0
review: more pew pew less QQ
game-hours: 718.1
review: If you're the last one left alive and don't ace then defuse without a kit, why are you even playing?
game-hours: 595.9
review: Best shooter ever :D
game-hours: 1459.5
review: badass game!
game-hours: 205.9
review: I bought it for three dollars during a sale and it's the best first person shooter I've ever played. If you're just starting to play, don't be scared by the intense learning curve. If you're like me, you'll probably get very frustrated and want to rage quit every single match for the first week or two you play against humans, but you seemingly are unable to stop playing. Once you get the hang of CS:GO's tough aiming mechanics, the game becomes incredibly satifying and addicting (even when you go an entire round without a single kill). Unlike FPS's like Call of Duty and its look alikes, you are never going to be killed by a higher level player just because they have a more powerful gun. If you have skill in the game, you can and will beat your opponent. There are no weapon unlocks depending on your level; all weapons can be "unlocked" if you have the money for them (you are awarded money for kills, assists, objectives, etc.). Overall, don't buy this game if you want an easy FPS, because it is NOT easy whatsoever. But, if you want a game that you can constantly improve your skills in, buy it. If you are dedicated, you will likely find Counter Strike: Global Offensive the best first person shooter you've played.
game-hours: 1017.4
review: Great game, super fun to play. Competitive is glitching for me most of the time though. I get into a lobby to join a game, then I lose connection to Steam and have to rinse/repeat untill I can even play. This happens a LOT, and it's pretty annoying. But other than that, great game, fun to play.
game-hours: 516.4
review: One of the best FPSs EVAH I cant say with words how much i love this game!! It has a giant community and stuff like that :D And even if I rage superhard, i always come back for more!!
game-hours: 893.2
review: This game is top! Thining competitve? buy this game bros
game-hours: 486.6
review: This game is an amazing First Person Shooter with many skins for the guns, and many various, unique gamemodes!
game-hours: 618.8
review: What can i say its counter strike 1 of the most populars games. I never never played counter strike only condition zero when i was 9. When you buy this you will see very nice graphics,no lags and more. I never played 1.6 and i m happy because here is different shooting. Thats all what can i say :)
game-hours: 195.2
review: The greatest multiplayer First-Person Shooter.
game-hours: 575.9
review: This game feels like CS source with better graphics and more maps, very enjoyable! I would recomend this to anyone that likes CS source.
game-hours: 672.4
review: GGWP
game-hours: 600.4
review: very good FPS game with new modes that made it amazing
game-hours: 854.6
review: Very cool game!
game-hours: 299.7
review: 10/10 would play again.. i perfer this over cs source only because of the competitive scene.. IMO
game-hours: 1311.3
review: CollectingStickers:GunOrnaments
game-hours: 3.2
review: best game ever
game-hours: 815.3
review: This game is so great it will have you spending HUNDREDS of dollars on it. The skins are flawless and will over charge you for simple shapes. You want a knife? you need to spend thousands to get one! You want a AK Vulcan? good luck scraping the hundreds of dollars together to get one! They are that good.
game-hours: 205.9
review: Great game, had/have a lot of fun playing it!
game-hours: 60.0
review: I love it
game-hours: 1010.8
review: BUY THIS GAME SCRUBS
game-hours: 373.1
review: i have a reaction of a sloth in this game wtf
game-hours: 384.9
review: *DEAD* TripleHenj : w *DEAD* Dredd : w *DEAD* TripleHenj : i was typing u  *DEAD* Thorax : w *DEAD* TripleHenj : w *DEAD* Dredd : w *DEAD* TripleHenj : ww 9/11
game-hours: 445.4
review: Get it its worth the buy!
game-hours: 773.7
review: you're a cheating
game-hours: 291.9
review: the best CS:GO
game-hours: 527.1
review: nice
game-hours: 871.6
review: IZ
game-hours: 207.9
review: Great game which makes a lot of fun :) The only thing I could criticise is that some people are really annoying in the voice chat ^_^
game-hours: 44.2
review: Trklere zel recommend, ok ekil oyun.
game-hours: 1055.8
review: Awesome Game, Reccomend for all
game-hours: 172.4
review: The best Counter-Strike game of the franchise!!
game-hours: 467.3
review: From all the Counter-Strike series, CS:GO is yet the best! Wonderful graphics and amazing new guns! #SWAG4LIFE
game-hours: 97.4
review: already made 0,01 10/10 would keep playing
game-hours: 97.4
review: already made 0,01 10/10 would keep playing
game-hours: 136.5
review: n sixth grade, I would wake up for school at 5:30 AM, but then I started getting up at 4:30 just to get a couple rounds in before class. Call it dedication or a sickening obsession, but I was hooked on CS (nevermind my neighbor who broke into my house to play while I slept!) It was more than a game. It was my social hub, my iTunes visualizer, and my brief entryway into game design (which didnt go very far.) It is and remains a standout multiplayer shooter that paved the way for things to come with Call of Duty and Battlefield. Being eight years since the excellent Source remake, Valve has decided its time to give the game another facelift. What started as a Source port for consoles became a more ambitious project that included PC. While there are no radical departures in Global Offensive, it is without a doubt a reboot. Valve has just hit the reset button on the series, once again. As drastic and premature of a maneuver it may be, there is no denying that Counter-Strike remains an addictive and rewarding competitive shooter like no other.
game-hours: 1529.5
review: got cheese
game-hours: 336.9
review: So there I was. Contemplating what to do next when BAM I'm dead. Now what to do? Watch other players. I was on the hunt. Trying to avenge myself. I find him, I start running towards him, guns blazing! BAM. Shot dead again, not by the man I was after, no someone else stole that glory from me, but by his friendlies! This games makes you feel emotions like never before. Primarily Anger, Disappointment, and Sadness. IT MAKES YOU FEEL THEM ALL AT ONCE! To make it worse, it makes you addicted to the little bit of Happiness you get when you do go. You crave it. You yurn for it. Then when you have it, its quickly taken away from you by AK-47 or an AWP. Try to find a game that does better.
game-hours: 394.9
review: An incredibly unique and relentlessly addicting multiplayer fps. I never played much Source or any other CS games, but this game is in my top 5 favorite multiplayer games of all time. CS:GO offers a much different experience than your average FPS for numerous reasons, making it a fresh experience every time you play. GO also offers tons of maps, Ranging from the cobblestone streets of Italy to the Moist ruins of Aztec. Gameplay is great, and the loadout system is unique and fun. Tons of weapons to choose from, and now, with the recent update, you can unlock unique skins for your weapons and unlock them from crates, similar to TF2 . Except for your occasional gamer  (And if youre quick on your feet, it wont be a problem), this is a great game. Whether its just playing casual and enjoying multiplayer gaming, or going pro and playing competitive, this great game. 9 .4/10
game-hours: 655.2
review: I will highly recommend to anyone that enjoys skill FPS games. This is differendt from the rest because it requires skill to play but at first it is very hard to get the hang of but then on out it is by far the best FPS game ever created 10/5 stars
game-hours: 358.3
review: If you don't already own this then there's a big hole in your steam inventory.
game-hours: 99.9
review: 10/10 Would shoot again.
game-hours: 185.3
review: very tacticool
game-hours: 784.3
review: found out the hard way not to start out online. train with the expert bots to imporve aim and control then try online
game-hours: 313.2
review: Great game. Pick it up today!
game-hours: 1168.9
review: Really great game. Tactics are key. CoD players F off.
game-hours: 7.4
review: You take guns go pew pew and shoot terrorist in head is fun 420/10
game-hours: 235.8
review: I opened one crate and now I can't stop taking out large loans to buy keys. Fantastic virtual money pit 10/10.
game-hours: 640.8
review: I've spent more money on skins than I have the game.
game-hours: 542.0
review: good
game-hours: 585.4
review: It's mothering Counter-Strike. Of course it's good.
game-hours: 710.7
review: Great point and click adventure. Do recommend
game-hours: 1210.7
review: <3
game-hours: 403.2
review: super fun and awesome game:)
game-hours: 187.3
review: After playing this for a couple of hours, I came to the conclusion that this game will suck the life out of you. I, being a Silver I since forever, still strive to become a better player. Even when 9 out of 10 times my teammates refuse/are unable to speak English. So basically, buy this game. Support GabeN by wasting your allowance on keys to get  skins and sell them for 1/10th of the key price. Such is life in CS:GO. 9/10 11/10 with rice
game-hours: 330.1
review: Everything you've been taught is based on theories and logic. Soon, you'll come to realize how pointless they are.
game-hours: 524.4
review: GREAT GAME! this is must but for all that love fps games
game-hours: 394.3
review: .
game-hours: 1893.6
review: 5/5
game-hours: 1676.7
review: Very crosshair game, skill and tactical gameplay. I reccomend it.
game-hours: 1198.3
review: very nice game
game-hours: 325.7
review: 'i think CoDs better', said noone ever after playing this game. a must have game on your steam library 10/10
game-hours: 302.6
review: One of the best FPS ever! Nice graphics, strategy, skill and a harsh community!
game-hours: 740.8
review: Best game eva! 9.69/10 PERFECT !!
game-hours: 578.0
review: Very good game :D
game-hours: 85.1
review: yes.
game-hours: 119.0
review: The CS:GO workshop community constantly amazes us with weapon finishes and stickers of increasingly high quality. We have currently shipped over 70 weapon submissions made by the community and all together, CS:GO weapon finish creators have earned over $3 million, with each finish earning over $40,000 on average. Since shipping the first community case, we've gathered and responded to a variety of contributor questions. Common questions include "how do I get my submission in a case?", and "what can I do better to get my work noticed?". These are useful questions to answer for all contributors, so we've outlined our answers in the form of contributor tips below: Tips for Contributors Submit only high quality designs that were made by you. The entirety of the submission must be your creation; no clip art. It must be original content and if the work is the result of collaboration then every contributor must be listed in the contributor revenue share. The designs that you submit must be of high quality in execution. Showing your process is a great way to stand out and demonstrate the quality and originality of your work. For weapon finishes, consider making finishes for weapons that have few high quality submissions. Some weapons dont have a lot of high quality finishes submitted for them (Duel Berettas and Negev for example). Making high quality original finishes for those weapons is great way to stand out and increase you chances of making it into a case. Keep in mind each item in a case gets an equal share of the revenue. Vary the techniques, themes and finish types, and try to experiment with new ones. When putting together cases and capsules we look for items that vary in technique and theme. Technique is the type of artwork that is used. Graphic patterns and hand painted designs are examples of different techniques. Example for themes would be finishes that look Sci-fi or Military. If you are making finishes for a particular weapon you may want to make one with a technique or theme that is under-represented, or hasn't been attempted yet. Certain types of finishes are also underrepresented in the workshop. In particular finishes that allow for flexibility in the way a pattern is applied to a weapon. These offer players a chance to get a unique version of a weapon finish. Don't fixate on bold designs. Cases and capsules also contain designs that vary in saturation and contrast. Currently on the workshop we see many high contrast highly saturated designs. These designs can be identified from a distance but equally important are designs that are subtle enough to only be noticed when held, as different players have different preferences when it comes to broadcasting their weapon finish choice. Try making designs that vary in saturation and contrast. Sometimes making a subtle design is actually harder than a bold one. Don't forget about popularity. Getting your finish upvoted and noticed is a great way to demonstrate desirability and collect feedback that will help you iterate on it. One of the factors we use to gauge community interest is the popularity of a submission. Hopefully this information is helpful when you are making decisions on what to work on. We look forward to seeing even more amazing work from the CS:GO Community.
game-hours: 69.8
review: This game is actually pretty good and fun, once you learn the basics and get the hang of it.
game-hours: 2682.1
review: recommend
game-hours: 489.1
review: extremely addictive game, would recomend for someone who has experience in the play style of a FPS gamer aalot to learn and can add toyour reflexes. there is a lot of custom made maps catored for different training excersizes including one of the big ones AIM.
game-hours: 992.6
review: This game is awesomeee!!!
game-hours: 140.1
review: Pew Pew !! HEADSHOT!! OMGROFLLAWLLOLLMAO 5/5
game-hours: 870.6
review: i like the skin system
game-hours: 376.4
review: easiest game of my life
game-hours: 102.1
review: Game sucks is hard, I have good aim...commend me
game-hours: 756.8
review: 10/10 need exp for my steam account
game-hours: 87.1
review: I have never been so enraged by a game in my entire life. 69/10 wud rekamend
game-hours: 332.8
review: really cool
game-hours: 974.2
review: awful
game-hours: 277.8
review: Getting insta killed by a person using the awp simulator 10/10 will die again ^^
game-hours: 411.4
review: yea good
game-hours: 1569.4
review: I have been playing it for half a year, and I love it :) <3
game-hours: 755.7
review: I only bought this on the last day of the Holiday Sale, thinking that I would just shelve this game and sell the cards. Boy was I wrong. From that time preiod till now, I've over 3 days worth of gametime put into this. Very recommended.
game-hours: 120.8
review: Top... 100%
game-hours: 205.1
review: If you like to be a tactical badass then this is a game for you its just a fun game lots of content and its not a pay to win game 100/10 best game ever!
game-hours: 16.7
review: " 10/10 It's Okay " + Wacky Story + Terrorists - Complicated Level Design Needs to be STRRREAAAMLINNED More Lineanearity required.
game-hours: 1018.0
review: TheBestGameEVER<3
game-hours: 701.2
review: I'm a CoD player, and I was very sceptic to this game. But now I found even more fun playing CSGO than any other game I have ever played ;) I recommend this game to everyone +1
game-hours: 601.5
review: its the best ever shooting game ive ever played it has all the fun u need
game-hours: 48.6
review: my favorite FPS ever
game-hours: 188.8
review: pew pew pew
game-hours: 255.5
review: Well, what can I say.. this game is so good i masturbate to it while im playing, awping c*nts with one hand, and doin my duties with the other. 11/10
game-hours: 1014.6
review: Addictive game. still 10/10
game-hours: 198.6
review: Nice game!
game-hours: 1156.8
review: I really enjoy this game. It might be pretty violent but i still play it. It is my favourite game bacause there is lots of different maps, my all time favourite for casual, defuse mission is nuke because it is pretty small and has good areas to hide. My favourite map in casual,hostage mission is assult, i relly like this map because it has stairs to a sniping spot and has the rooftop which is really easy to kill from there. My favourite demolition map is safehouse beacause you can hide in the closets and bathrooms. The thing that i dont really like about casual, defuse mission is that the map is mostly always Dust II and Inferno, i am not saying its a bad map but dont you guys want to try something new accept Dust II and Inferno?
game-hours: 476.7
review: good game :)
game-hours: 318.9
review: After many years of being out of the CS scene, a pleasure to play a nice revisit
game-hours: 1313.1
review: Hyv peli, rsyttvt community serverit
game-hours: 904.5
review: Play CS:GO if you want to waste your life. It's really good at doing that.
game-hours: 366.3
review: I play this game every day for two hours or so, I would say that im a fairly average player i have my good days and such. If i stopped playing this game i know fully well that i would be more happy than i have ever been. I love this game but it makes me more angry and sad that anything else in life. Sangry. If you like easy mode then do not buy this game because its very hard and will make your life awful 10/10 would buy again!
game-hours: 926.1
review: Noice. Very Noice.
game-hours: 150.8
review: Best knife simulator i have ever played. 10/10 Would never use real knives again.
game-hours: 281.4
review: The fundamental mechanics of this game are almost flawless. It's just so clean and precise. It's like peanut butter perfectly spread upon a slice of toast. 10/10 would toast again.
game-hours: 524.3
review: ;p
game-hours: 1061.6
review: IT'S AWESOME.
game-hours: 1617.2
review: buy buy buy.
game-hours: 610.6
review: pew pew!
game-hours: 603.9
review: A more complete and polished version of the classic 1.6, CS:GO does not disappoint. Once you start, there is no looking back. You are hooked for life. This is a must have game in your collection.
game-hours: 1405.1
review: Run around shooting people.
game-hours: 364.4
review: Affirmative.
game-hours: 460.4
review: Failing classes, have no social life, ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 584.4
review: 10/10. Great game. Different enough from Cod so you don't look like a tool, yet still enough action and strategy to keep you playing.
game-hours: 950.2
review: Great game. It's unbalanced, full of hackers and the developer doesn't want to listen to customers, but it's still a great game. It's unlimited hours of fun.
game-hours: 2221.1
review: Definatly worth the money. :P
game-hours: 264.1
review: What to say about another CS.. ((Beware adolescent GO fanboys)) I find CS1.6 to be way more challenging than this one but GO is still fun. Im not a big fan of the new weapon customization update cause i think the game was ok as it was. This just give us an excuse to keep playing it. I dont like the fact that now you find weapons of all colors and designs.. Its cool for other games like TF2 but i dont think its the case for CS. I know that this are just cosmetic and they dont provide any advantage BUT AN ORANGE AND BLUE M4 FEELS LIKE A WATER GUN and a kids joke!! oh come on!! The community is the same as always but its full of kids messing with the voice comm and the chat. Download Teamspeak 3, play with your friends and mute everybody else to avoid the childish! The new buying menu sucks ! Sure its prettier than a few words in white and you get used to the wheel after playing a bit but the classic compact one was faster IMO Ok so, CS:1.5 = Great and most challenging (not for everybody at the time) CS:1.6 = Polished and more popular CS:Source = Meh.. good but easier to get kills. CS:GO = Better and a bit more difficult than its predecesor. Feels more like COD style.. Play it, its fun.. its CS! but keep playing 1.6, its still the best! 7/10 (difficulty, custom weapons update and COD feeling took -3 points)
game-hours: 650.8
review: Decent game. I would suggest even for those who aren't that keen to grab the game when it comes on sale ($3.75) as you can make your money back, just from selling items you get in game for free. This game is what is fuelling my game purchases from now on. Besides from that, it's a great FPS, but is more then just a FPS. It uses strategy, teamwork, and commitment, all of which have resulted in a (mostly) good community. It's also has custom features, so you can choose your weapon skins, and can buy "DLC" packs that support community modders. And to finish it off, it's got continued dev support, so it will (hopefully) only get better.
game-hours: 898.2
review: Fun fun fun
game-hours: 98.6
review: Such a good fps, especially when you play competitive.
game-hours: 544.4
review: one of the best games i have ever played with an amazing community!
game-hours: 297.1
review: Its a very good game if you only like the last counter strike games
game-hours: 221.1
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 29.9
review: This game is still as fun after not playing for such a long time back in the 1.6 days.
game-hours: 139.1
review: Probably the best Fantasy RPG on the market. 9/10
game-hours: 186.2
review: This is a great game, although it is very difficult at first dont give up! When I first started playing I only played bots, thinking I was fairly good at the game, but I learned quickly when I went into a pub I got demolished, so I kept playing and playing pubs and everyone I watched they did things I never did (Single tapping, side stepping, shift walking) and this taught me to practice these steps and now Im fairly ok at the game, getting better every day.
game-hours: 864.0
review: Learnt how to speak fluent Russian within two matches. Far better than Rosetta Stone.
game-hours: 35.0
review: I was Globally Offended.
game-hours: 145.7
review: awsum geim
game-hours: 1354.8
review: 420/69
game-hours: 1459.4
review: lerv it
game-hours: 493.8
review: Really good game!
game-hours: 722.2
review: You shoot things.
game-hours: 638.8
review: u shoot hen 10/10
game-hours: 1090.3
review: One of the greatest games I have ever played, It is so enjoyable. You can play casually and mess about, or go into competitive and concentrate.
game-hours: 1264.2
review: BEST GAME EVAAA!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1645.7
review: It's counter strike....need I say more?
game-hours: 799.5
review: cs go sauketesoa
game-hours: 1434.3
review: niiiiiiice gaaaaaaaaame
game-hours: 1185.7
review: kurva anyd
game-hours: 579.9
review: Awensome game!!!! :)
game-hours: 1447.5
review: Wow. Much offensive. Very global. Such countered.
game-hours: 119.8
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive delivers something rarely seen in modern shooters. It brings us back to a time of simpler multiplayer action. In this war, you don't need to call in screaming jets, there are no pointless tchotchkes to unlock, and a stray bullet could mean plotting your revenge for minutes rather than seconds. Modern shooters do their job well, but Counter-Strike is the series that helped build the scene. At 1O euros, Global Offensive is a great extension to that legacy.
game-hours: 294.6
review: +
game-hours: 801.7
review: Best game ever! I love it :)
game-hours: 1286.1
review: Buy it! Aside from the really good people *EHEM* smurfs *EHEM* and hackers. Its a 5/5 out of 5. Cx
game-hours: 1307.2
review: Very good. :v
game-hours: 997.1
review: It's ruined my life and my relationships with all my loved ones. 10/10
game-hours: 406.0
review: very good
game-hours: 640.3
review: best game oce
game-hours: 171.4
review: This game comes first, then my kids.
game-hours: 238.3
review: amazing game :)
game-hours: 470.4
review: Good game
game-hours: 221.7
review: The #1 game to man the  up. No matter if you play good or bad, you're guaranteed to get flamed to hell for every step you take. Prepare to get insulted so hard, your grandchildren will feel the burn. Want to know how bad you suck? Play the game to get our professional opinion. You haven't felt alive until your first ragequit in CS:GO, right after you report those ing hackers. 10/10 Game, really builds your social skills. Now rate this as helpful you ing scrub or enjoy your VAC ban.
game-hours: 162.8
review: This is one of best games I've ever had the pleasure to play. The maps and the weapons are simply stunning and the gamemodes are awfully addictive. The newly improved CS is very impressing, the layout for menus are simple, sweat and easy to navigate. My favourite part of the game has to be competitive as you can rank up depending on how well you play, the higher your rank, the better players you play against. Valve made this game fair and fun for all age groups. I fairly do suggest you buy this game as well as a few skins to impress your friends and the general public.
game-hours: 307.5
review: BEST GAME EVER! :)
game-hours: 794.1
review: Introduction: Well, I play Counter-Strike for quite a while now. It all started for me with Counter-Strike 1.4. (Yes there was a time before Counter-Strike : Source, and yes even a time before Counter-Strike 1.6 AND a time before even Steam was released) My journey with Counter-Strike began with a small Lan-Party with 6 people in a small room at a friends parents house, I played it for the first time and had almost no idea what to do. The bomb is ticking? oh well, who cares? I got the bomb? oh well, who cares? I gotta shoot! And as you might guess, I sucked a lot. I was the epitome of a "NEWB" , "NOOB", "BOON", "NAP" and so on... But after a few hours I thought well I might get it... I kept playing this game after the LAN, started playing online and joined this HUGE Community, with some friendly people and .. a lot of not so friendly people.. But ey, Counter-Strike was BOOMING at that time. After a few months I joined my first Clan, I started Clanwars and kept getting better. I joined the Electronic Sports League - Europe (ESL.EU) and started to join more professionell Competitions (LIKE EAS FIRST DEVISION, Tournaments...) Than there was STEAM and 1.6 released, at the beginning of STEAM... oh God.. PEOPLE DID HATE IT (me too), there were so much troubles with Starting the Game (cause of the Steam Server) problems with the Client side of Steam, problems with Server lists.. list goes on and on. But there were always updates and improvements on Steam.. Anyways today I love Steam, and I love Counter-Strike 1.6. The jump from 1.5 to 1.6 wasn't that much big of a deal, it felt the same. (cl_weather 0) So I kept playing in the EAS / ESL / Tournaments / LAN Events... and it was just fine for years. Then there was Half Life 2 and Counter-Strike : Source comming.. jesus we all were so excited for it, the developer Team of CS:S said that they would change nothing but the graphics and so we thought YES THAT'S WHAT WE WANT! We did want the same freaking hot game just with better graphics, nothing changed on the gameplay and stuff. Same boxes on the maps, same spots on the maps and that's what they promised us.. But when we started playing it... We all knew after a few minutes that's it not even close to the feeling that CS 1.6 gave us.. the aiming was much easier, all of the sudden everyone on the server did a bunch of headshots, even with the DEAGLE, and they even did not had to aim, they could run and while they are running just keep shooting and somehow make some luck shots... So CS:S was never an option for us to play on a professionell level and after a while most of the professionell Clans kept playing CS 1.6. and now a few years later here is Counter-Strike : Global Offensive So when you start the Game you get a completely new Menu. (That looks OK) You get Match Making System, which is also completely new to the Counter Strike Universe, you can go on a Competetive Match Making and do a 5on5 Match just like in the leagues with penaltys for players who Teamattack, Teamkill or just leave the game. Which is quite a good thing, that's still needs a little improvement. It kinda sucks if you got 1 or 2 obvious cheater in the game that run with a speedhack over the map or an aimbot with a 99.9% headshot ratio and you have to play this game to the end. But the guys behind the game are working on that! Now there is this cool Feature Overwatch where some Players of the Community (chosen by some criteria like how long does he play, how often does he play, how is his reputation and so on) can watch gameplays of suspicious players and decide whether they think this guy is cheating or not. If the most part of the Overwatch stuff thinks he's cheating he'll get a ban. Gameplay: Well it feels for me and most of my friends more like Counter-Strike again, not really that exact same feeling like in 1.6 but it's the closest shot! They improved the weapon behavior, they made it a little bit harder to do Headshots and they improved the game sounds a little bit. You got 2 more Game modes, named Arms Race and Demolition that are really cool for a short side trip after hours of Classic Competetive Matches. It makes fun even though it's sometimes kinda hard to spot the enemy on some maps with all this particles and stuff that are flying around, and view sometimes feels for me a little bit cloudy, diffuse I don't know. Result Well we will never get that 1.6 again where it's most of the part really just about skill and aiming. But with GO we have a really fun game to play maybe even on a professionell level, but they need to fix a few things like the P90 is way too strong and almost every "NEWB" can archive a lot of easy kills with that. the DEAGLE is spraying TOO MUCH! After the first shot all other shots are flying anywhere but not near the position you're aiming at. You still sometimes can run and shoot and do some headshots (even on distance) which needs to be fixed (in my opinion) But all in all CS:GO is on a really good way to become the closest thing to the fun CS 1.6 gave us. So I can recommend this game to you guys. have fun.
game-hours: 654.1
review: mt bom
game-hours: 691.0
review: this game is very nice game
game-hours: 578.2
review: good
game-hours: 23.0
review: Fun Game, very entertaining, I like it better than CSS. I truly love this game.
game-hours: 28.2
review: Best game Evarrr
game-hours: 130.9
review: Best competitive shooter of all time.
game-hours: 538.7
review: Yu get the tec-9, yeh, den yu like keep pressing lmb yeh and den lyk you run at ppl and knife them bcuz its cod. - Definately not Jesus
game-hours: 436.1
review: awesomeeh
game-hours: 241.3
review: Awesome
game-hours: 846.5
review: The best game EVER.
game-hours: 56.5
review: playable
game-hours: 815.8
review: elob dropolna a dota 2 dc hookot mint h ez a szar kest dobjon....gj
game-hours: 95.8
review: How to Win: 1. Buy a Negev 2. Hold Mouse 1
game-hours: 205.1
review: This is the best game I've played so far. It's not Call of Duty, it's not Battlefield, this game has own soul and that's why I like it! Gameplay is really fun, sometimes some players are annoying but most of community is nice. I give this game 9.5/10
game-hours: 1045.5
review: wow such game many recommendashuns
game-hours: 307.7
review: The only FPS u will ever need to play. Steep learning curve, highly competitive, but no .
game-hours: 636.2
review: Awesome
game-hours: 223.4
review: Nice game, recomend to all!
game-hours: 1002.5
review: good game
game-hours: 1164.8
review: great players great experience
game-hours: 669.7
review: Only get it if ur gud.
game-hours: 350.7
review: :D
game-hours: 1004.4
review: Awesome! A superb revision from the Counter-Strike Saga. Global Offensive's match making tools make the interface user-friendly and the gun collection is a great feature, especially the eye candy that can be viewed amongst the community. The mechanics of the game perform outstandingly, and the feel to the game is irreplaceable. Over all this is an amazing version of the game, and for 15$ it is unbeatable in the FPS GENRE!
game-hours: 347.1
review: Classic cs, a must have for anyone who likes fps.
game-hours: 1157.9
review: awsum game having fun
game-hours: 421.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 2306.2
review: <3
game-hours: 132.9
review: probably one of the shooters in the world i truly recommend :)
game-hours: 69.6
review: Counter Strike: Global Offensive, die neuauflage des shooter urgesteins CS. Jeder gamer dem counter strike nicht gelufig ist sollte sich wohl lieber seines computers entledigen und lieber brettspiele spielen. Von daher kann man nur sagen das die grafik erheblich verbessert wurde (siehe screenshot(s)). Auerdem bietet es 22 verschiedene waffen und viel abwechslungen bei der map-wahl.
game-hours: 535.5
review: Amazing, action packed and so addicting!
game-hours: 472.1
review: This game is amazing for those who play competitive and also likes to trade
game-hours: 1332.3
review: Valve's Gold Mine. This is the greatest game series history has seen- Counterstrike is the best FPS (not milsim) game series out there. Counterstrike: Global Offensive surpasses its predecessors in excellence- it is Valve's piece of art. It will never get boring. At first I played a bit then got bored, then I started playing Competitive and CS:GO managed to shine its light. This has everything a gamer wants: Strategy Skill Tactics Communication Teamwork Scaling the wall from casual to competitive is difficult, but every second of hard work is worth it. One must learn from his/her defeats and strive to get better. We are a community here to foster the growth of game that is meant to unite the vying factions of 1.6 and source. For some great youtube videos and tutorials, check out WarOwl on youtube. CS:GO is the FPS bomb! Get in and GeT_RIGhT.
game-hours: 820.0
review: This Game Is Legendary
game-hours: 1200.6
review: Brilliant game must have game! <3 <3 <3
game-hours: 24.6
review: CS:GO is really a great FPS if you don't want to spend too much money on it. It is not as good as CoD or Battlefield but it is definitely an amazing FPS.
game-hours: 440.0
review: Yep, absoulety the best of the best
game-hours: 37.0
review: REALLY ING GOOD GAME!
game-hours: 618.4
review: Super hra s achivementama a kartikama :) Dobr Grafrika a urit zatm nejlep Counter Strike ;D
game-hours: 728.7
review: best game
game-hours: 110.6
review: man ska egentligen skjuta dom andra pojkarna men jag gillar att skjuta hnsen lite mer pang pang
game-hours: 144.9
review: So I got the game the other day, and ia have a few bucks so i got 2 esports crates and keys. Got a nice M9 puple skin the unboxed a knife, not just a gut knife a ING M9 BAYONET SLAUGHTER MINIMAL WEAR! I know have no firends because of this. 8/10 would unbox again.....I miss my friends.
game-hours: 406.1
review: Better than League of Legends.
game-hours: 1096.0
review: "You can break windows, disintegrate chickens in one hit, and shoot flower pots." 11/10 -IGN
game-hours: 302.8
review: Almost no diference from source. You can get skins for your weapons by doing matches. You get ranked by doing competitive matches. You are always being judge, your a noob or a hacker. But if u have some friends to play with its a enjoyable game
game-hours: 363.1
review: yeah m8
game-hours: 31.2
review: So smooth graphic, and i really really like this FPS game,, recommended fro you guys
game-hours: 480.2
review: Better than cod will ever be.
game-hours: 434.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 288.7
review: I liked that the game was full of competitive people. I disliked that market weapons cost to much.
game-hours: 1069.5
review: Good game!
game-hours: 1394.8
review: fantastisk game
game-hours: 260.2
review: Best FPS game.
game-hours: 1152.9
review: beausis
game-hours: 1098.2
review: The competative mode in this game is amazing, requires teamwork, leadership abilities, and cannot abandon teamates in a match without a penelty, makes this super fun.
game-hours: 573.3
review: 10/10 would poop on chin
game-hours: 38.5
review: <3 this game :)
game-hours: 187.7
review: I believe that CS:S has a better Modding community however, my personal preference is with GO all the way it is alot of fun and a great update to a fantastic series
game-hours: 299.9
review: love it so much
game-hours: 47.1
review: Best game.
game-hours: 470.1
review: Better than Minecraft! ;D
game-hours: 621.4
review: CounterStrike Global offensive is one of those games that you see lots of people talk about and play, as a matter of fact, there are over 1.5 million differnt users laying each month so there is plenty of differnt challenged with differnt levels of skill awaiting you. If you are very familiar with other VALVe games such as Teamfortress2 you will need to know that this game plays very differntly from the others. There are four main game modes that people play. demolition, hostage. deathmatch and weapons race all of which require constant dedication and teamwork in order to survive, you cannot go solo for very long. it is this that takes people away from the Rambo perspective to the team player which is what most games should get a grip on doing. Like a lot of VALVe games, there are many trading aspects in the game but the way it is done is not the same as tf2 in many respects. all weapon skins and crates can be sold on the steam community market for wallet funds, and sometimes it can work through regular trading. just remember that better conditions on skins = better value so factory new is normaly the most wallet hitting quality. The game exists outside the regular gamemodes, as hundreds of community made mods and maps exist on dedicated servers not run by VALVe. so there is a new experiance no matter how long you have played.
game-hours: 278.9
review: good game. enjoy it.
game-hours: 855.5
review: This is a very fun game especially when you have a friend to play with you.
game-hours: 1644.2
review: GOOD GAME. Need to learn but good GAME
game-hours: 32.5
review: best cs there is simples!!!
game-hours: 555.0
review: Good game, You all need buy and play this game !
game-hours: 763.4
review: really good game
game-hours: 14.9
review: Good game!
game-hours: 3348.4
review: Stop hatin' go learn recoil patterns
game-hours: 1531.7
review: Skins for your knife are like $300 10/10
game-hours: 6252.3
review: the best game i ever played, no doubt
game-hours: 669.8
review: I would highly recommend this game if you are an avid fan of the Counter Strike series. While this game still has the original gamemodes from the earlier counter strikes (bomb defusal and hostage rescue), it also features a new gamemode called 'Arms Race' which is like gungame from CoD. This game features updated graphics, easy to use UI, and even has a tutorial you can play if you are just starting out. If you don't think you are ready for public play, then take it easy with some bots set on a lower difficulty setting. This would make a great gift for a friends, or yourself.
game-hours: 1946.1
review: Good gam3
game-hours: 558.0
review: This game is fun
game-hours: 774.9
review: best action game of the modern age . (Y)
game-hours: 474.2
review: Great game if you loved 1.6 & want to play a game nothing like it. Broken keyboards ensue.
game-hours: 234.8
review: A very good game , and a great sequel to the original CS games.
game-hours: 7.6
review: Great game
game-hours: 824.0
review: Such a amazing game.
game-hours: 650.8
review: i liek dis gaem
game-hours: 1660.5
review: TERE
game-hours: 70.3
review: fffffffff
game-hours: 576.2
review: good game
game-hours: 722.8
review: Thats game very very nice !! buy it all
game-hours: 637.6
review: Asd
game-hours: 399.4
review: game tbh awful plot 10/10
game-hours: 1271.9
review: This game is amazing! I was a Call of Duty player and after some time I realized how bad it actualy is, so I thought I need something new and I saw this game on sale and I though why not? And it was awesome! First at all the matchmaking works great it's not like when your new your gonna ger dropped in all those high ranked skilled players but with people which have around the same skill as you. Second you need a lot more skill and teamwork for this here is an example: when you're on the terrorist team you need to plant the bomb at site A or B. But on the other hand when you're on the Counter terrorists team you don't know where they are going so you need like 3 people to A and 2 to B if somebody gets shot at A you need your team to help up there. you need quite some skill and a good eye to play this game because you can't aim down your sights and you need to learn the recoil patterns. you also have gamemodes like deathmatch and arms race which need an small improvement on the spawns but after all it's a great way to improve your aim and learning your recoil patterns. You can even earn some money out of it by getting camo's and cases and sell them on the market I made like 10 euro's out of it and bought new weapons for it, how AWESOME is that!? but now we're comming to a verdict I'm giving this game an 10/10 One of the best First person shooters I played :')
game-hours: 690.9
review: Its the best CounterStrike i have ever seen :)
game-hours: 840.4
review: Cs go what a weird game if you play you will have hours of fun but you will hate all people who cant read and who speaks a differnt language you will aslo hate the 8 year old kids who scream down the mic and cant aim for
game-hours: 678.9
review: This is a great competative First person shooter. It is based COMPLETELY on personal skill because of the fact that there is no ADS. So movement affects you recoil, which forces you to learn the recoil for a specific gun. Also, the community servers are really good and fun.
game-hours: 121.0
review: The first time I played this game I sucked, but after some games I started playing better. But still I do noob mistakes. This game is like Team Fortress 2, a must have game.
game-hours: 196.3
review: really good game. best fps, I've seen so far.
game-hours: 1428.5
review: very good game. would reffer it to others.
game-hours: 110.0
review: i'ts a good game, i enjoy it a lot
game-hours: 104.0
review: The best hardcore action tactical adventure fps RPG shooty mans video game
game-hours: 110.0
review: Like CS:SOURCE, but with hats. A+.
game-hours: 83.9
review: This game is amazing, its so well balanced. A great multiplayer first-person shooter. Highly recommend purchasing this!
game-hours: 2449.8
review: ,         .      .
game-hours: 35.3
review: CS GO GOOD GAME
game-hours: 241.8
review: Sickest Game on steam. Whhaaaaat
game-hours: 282.5
review: This game is awsome when u play it alone , but it's even better if u have friends to play with u :D I recommend you to get Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
game-hours: 431.3
review: Very enjoyable game... Not recommended to play when is on sale, because of hackers. In my opinion i think is one of the best fps, in type of realism of shooting , recoil and stuff. Get a good mouse train and youre good to go.
game-hours: 52.2
review: Fun as ! Play with your friends or whatever, it's still fun.
game-hours: 1321.0
review: It's good when you don't face hackers! >.<
game-hours: 815.2
review: Takes some getting used to if you're used to play other "easier" fps games like Battlefield, COD. But if you invest some hours into it, get used to the mechanics of the game, learn the maps, the callouts, and such, this game can become really fun. Strongly recommend this to people who like fps games and are on the competitive side. You don't have to be pro but being competitive enough to think about how to approach situation. If you like to think about things like that, you'll love this game.
game-hours: 391.5
review: a Very fun game indeed, if you like fast paced and strategy FPS this is for you, i bought this without any knowledge of how the CS series should be like or how good it was back in the previous games, but i can say that i am hooked.
game-hours: 798.9
review: Coll game for shooting :)
game-hours: 44.6
review: It is a good game, but still source is bether :(
game-hours: 2871.0
review: So many pretty skinsssssssssss
game-hours: 293.8
review: This game is very fun and competetive at the same time. You will enjoy this game if you like realistic FPS games and especially if you have previously played games in the Counter Strike series. You may also like it if you have played Team Fortress 2. It is similar, but has a more tactical approach to it. You need to be more careful in Counter Strike (in Classic and Competitive mode, you only have one life each round). If this is your first FPS, or you have never played any Counter Strike games before, I assure you that if you keep playing, you will get good at the game. If you are a graphics freak like me, you will be impressed. This game is at the top of Valve's games in graphics and gameplay. -------- Rating: 9/10 -------- Other Recommended Games: Half Life, Half Life 2, Team Fortress 2, Garry's Mod, Mirror's Edge --------
game-hours: 1040.1
review: wow. much kills. so aim. very competitive
game-hours: 555.7
review: True Counter-Strike players would not be dissapointed.
game-hours: 711.8
review: [This review is not written for those who has not been playing CS series.] [No in game details but thoughts.] I play CS since 2002. CS:S is a piece of sh*t, allow me to be rude. So I don't think CS:GO will success at its release last year. Because of Thanksgiving Sale's 75% off, I bought this game and started to play. After weeks of experience, I strongly recommend CS:GO to all of you. Reasons that CSers will in love with CS:GO: ATHLETIC, BALANCE, GRAPHIC QUALITY and of course FUN. Enjoy! BTW, should I tell you I just bought another 10 copies as gifts to my friends?
game-hours: 392.2
review: PLAY.
game-hours: 100.5
review: Recomand jocu`
game-hours: 355.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 186.1
review: A very good game! The best CS in its history!
game-hours: 185.7
review: Best competetive game!
game-hours: 1120.0
review: Good competitive shooter that requires quite a bit of skill. Fun, especially on it's competitive mode (which has a  ranking system) Get ready to meet butthurt tryhards and get mad at noobs.
game-hours: 984.3
review: et iz a gud geme
game-hours: 436.7
review: Still better than COD :V
game-hours: 447.2
review: the best game ever (y)
game-hours: 415.2
review: You can shoot your teammates in competitve games 10/10.
game-hours: 1236.7
review: ,    .
game-hours: 77.1
review: Really fun once you get good at it, definently one of the best FPS games out there.
game-hours: 609.9
review: I have really enjoyed this game - it's one of the best games that I have played. Allthough there are some bugs after major updates, Valve always fix these. Best of all, they listen to the comunity. Map changes have been put in place because we wanted it. There is a massive comunity surrounding this game - because it is an E-Sport, there are international competions held regulary and it offers great YouTube content aswell as amazing Twitch Live Streams. The gameplay itself is epic. I play competetive and it is so tense, the small teams and limited time make it a fast paced, action packed game. If you play with a group of friends or even random people who have microphones, it can become very tactical. There are a few bugs with the matchmaking system, and the low-budget servers can glitch and not register your hits which can be fustrating at times. I would give this game a 9/10.
game-hours: 606.0
review: This is one of those games that can really take your time Really good Great selection of weapons And just everything is great about this game but make sure you have an extra keyboard incase you break one
game-hours: 140.8
review: 99% of the time you'll meet some mic talking people they are gonna be russian
game-hours: 864.9
review: Every time you put this game on sale more and more hackers/smurfs will be playing the game. Stop. It's ruining the game.
game-hours: 743.0
review: who played in the Counter Strike 1.6 i advise everyone to this game
game-hours: 676.4
review: great game!
game-hours: 2096.1
review: best game
game-hours: 781.3
review: great game
game-hours: 950.7
review: Must buy and play this game :D same as 1.6 :D but i dont know why 1.6 players hate it
game-hours: 1886.9
review: This is by far the best Strategy based skill requiring FPS game made. Games like COD and Battlefield could learn a thing or two from this realistic shooter!!
game-hours: 1656.0
review: i love this game but why remove mp5?
game-hours: 1475.3
review: This game sucks because ever since i started playing i lost my job, my friends and my wife. I have not bathed for 4 days straight and im playing this in my neighbours garage using his wifi. Highly recommended because it is all worth it.
game-hours: 156.2
review: Amazing Game 100% Recommend Buying.
game-hours: 704.1
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a first person shooter game that takes immense skill, which I do not have. However even if you are a terrible player, CS: GO allows you to still call other players "noob" or "pleb". This is what makes CS: GO a magnificent work of art. However, you cannot slay donkeys with swords (though you can slay chickens with knives).
game-hours: 83.8
review: :)
game-hours: 36.8
review: just awesome
game-hours: 25.6
review: As a person who was not into the previous CS sequels, I must say this is a really good game the competetive mode is overwhelming at first but once you learn the basics it's a good adrenaline pumping game. And also if you're lucky kinfes in this game sell for ridiculous amounts.
game-hours: 458.2
review: can't stop playing
game-hours: 92.6
review: Very addictive game
game-hours: 1450.6
review: I very recommend CS:GO game, Very fun, Can play with friends Competitive mods and more, Worth it, I suggest to everyone Try it. Have fun guys
game-hours: 146.3
review: Best GAME :D
game-hours: 300.0
review: I killed a chicken with my knife 8/8 m8 - IGN :melon:
game-hours: 580.3
review: Best Game Ever 10/10 Better Than Call Of Duty
game-hours: 421.8
review: lol do not play this bad. highly recommended 1/10
game-hours: 1321.6
review: Nice.
game-hours: 921.0
review: dope af aaaa
game-hours: 18.8
review: so much fun.. esspecially when shooting a chicken!! baahahaha
game-hours: 1335.1
review: Generaly new versions improve games but this is not improvement. this is like hl 1.1 to source . different game playing. if u start this, you ll never look back to others
game-hours: 588.1
review: very good game and perfect
game-hours: 75.0
review: This game will comsme your life trying to get winter crates
game-hours: 802.1
review: PLAY THIS  A
game-hours: 1181.1
review: CS:GO is by far one of the best games I have played recently, It always seems to pull you back in, no matter how angry you are at the game. I recommend this game to most people that want to spend a buck or two.
game-hours: 987.8
review: Game is very fun,frequent updates with new maps and gun skins keeps you entertained so as to keep on playing.
game-hours: 1121.6
review: AWESOME!!! If you havent played CSGO yet, it is definately the best fps game ive played. CSS was good and so were the older ones but, new days comes new updates, maps, weapons, and so much more in CSGO!!
game-hours: 914.0
review: First time playing it in 10 years and I couldn't be happier! I LOVE THIS GAME!
game-hours: 2380.2
review: <32
game-hours: 523.7
review: Love it
game-hours: 864.4
review: Best game ever made !!!! :D
game-hours: 397.5
review: Exploded a chicken by shooting at it. 10/10
game-hours: 818.5
review: Really like it after playing cs:s more than 1.5 years.
game-hours: 1549.9
review: Awesome Game! Can only recommend it!
game-hours: 713.0
review: Fakn good one
game-hours: 1067.0
review: Great game worth every penny!
game-hours: 583.7
review: Fun Love it smoth game play outstanding
game-hours: 2101.9
review: VERY GOOD MUCH PLEASURE
game-hours: 1253.0
review: best off :D
game-hours: 106.9
review: a Cool Games :D but you can't customize the games like you want (like the previous games, CSS) and the bot is kinda easy to kill (Medium in CSGO same as Easy in CSS) but the games overall is neary perfect :D
game-hours: 83.7
review: Really Kwl :P
game-hours: 187.0
review: Good game
game-hours: 212.9
review: English: An improvement on a classic. What more could you want? However this game does have its fair share of bugs and issues. :    .              .
game-hours: 824.7
review: =)
game-hours: 305.0
review: click on idiots and collect skins
game-hours: 1221.1
review: If this game was a potato, it would be a damn good potato.
game-hours: 439.4
review: Awesome game! If you don't have it you should buy it!
game-hours: 2900.6
review: (Y)
game-hours: 638.9
review: Yes.
game-hours: 769.5
review: amazing game
game-hours: 331.5
review: Awesome game :3
game-hours: 1000.1
review: bringin back the old memories for some new memories
game-hours: 1424.6
review: Its great for Competitive games
game-hours: 29.9
review: Very good game :P
game-hours: 1677.3
review: (y)
game-hours: 61.9
review: It's ing counterstrike...
game-hours: 469.8
review: cheeze, pang pang, desart deagle FTW .
game-hours: 490.3
review: My League of Legends replacement.
game-hours: 1201.0
review: My favourite <33333
game-hours: 470.3
review: 10/10
game-hours: 902.1
review: yea this game is the
game-hours: 1199.4
review: huehue
game-hours: 10.6
review: good game love the guns
game-hours: 3.2
review: Very fun game, i would see myself playing this alot with my friends; feels like what CoD should have been with the added laughs from deaths and the fun and cool looking level design. I would definitely recommend. 8/10 very good.
game-hours: 819.9
review: One of the longest standing competitive fps franchises for a good reason. CS:GO has brought the unforgiving competitive classic and brought in tons of support for what is shaping out to be a great shooter for casual and competitive minded, alike.
game-hours: 999.4
review: Great game, just like rest of them.
game-hours: 51.9
review: Allir a kaupa ennan leik. etta er gur leikur! HAFFI BUY IT !
game-hours: 272.1
review: As someone who has played years of the Call of Duty and Battlefield franchises, I've really grown to like this game. It has the usual FPS feel, but of course the physics take some time to get used to when switching from other similar games. There is a lot more team work required, especially when playing competative, a game format which becomes addictive. Everyone is going to like different games for different reasons, but for a game that is a quarter of the price of mainstream commercial products, this is where I've been spending my time.
game-hours: 231.4
review: I would probably say the best FPS of all time. This game has been around since 1999 and has evolved into this.
game-hours: 476.6
review: fun.
game-hours: 390.9
review: never thought i could play a post 1.6 game.. but cs:go has definitely made it's mark. let's just chill out on the toggling please.
game-hours: 122.7
review: This is top!
game-hours: 743.6
review: Great shooter. Counterstrike was always awesome. CS:GO is like CS 1.6 with major graphical adjustments.
game-hours: 472.0
review: i cant kill, 'cause i like that gummys
game-hours: 772.0
review: Fun
game-hours: 1089.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 678.4
review: It's like like the League of Legends of FPS in terms of how much I want to spend on skins...volvo pls
game-hours: 1123.0
review: Best game ever to play with friends!
game-hours: 212.8
review: wow bioware comes at us again with another lame game, -strike: 360 agressive. i like how treyarch put 2 dudes on the cover (AGAIN) and this time they're in position with the peepee in the butt. there's nothing new added to this sequel, i relly hate how its the same old grampa guns, wow nintendo, please put iron sights, red dot sight, and quickscopes PLEASEEEEE :(((. this game has 2 modes: casual mode and competitive, it sux tho, casual mode has losers that arent mlg and even competitive is too easy cause every1 else sux and im the best :) Overall omg i hate this go play Black Ops 2, the shooter of the year 2012 :))))
game-hours: 164.8
review: This is a good FPS, very interesting and enjoyable, but a bunch of other people and I have had a problem where it crashes when a new game starts, most of them on the Steamcommunity forum, I have absolutly know clue on how to fix this, one of my friends though got it and it works perfectly, so i guess it's a hit or miss on which computer it works on or if there is something we are missing.
game-hours: 426.5
review: 10/10 I used to be a CoD player, but after playing CS:GO I dont even take my CoD games out of their cases
game-hours: 1281.2
review: Gud
game-hours: 175.4
review: ok
game-hours: 474.5
review: Its so balls :D
game-hours: 387.4
review: Cel mai tare cs ever
game-hours: 389.0
review: PIU PIU PIU
game-hours: 646.1
review: This makes me spend to much money.
game-hours: 671.2
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive doesn't need any introduction. Counter-Strike is one of the most popular franchises on PC. Global Offensive brought a new look to it, literally. Graphics were tweaked to "battle" against the other modernized FPS games who were already on the market or coming near to release. The classic and old maps from the previous Counter-Strikes' are polished to match the game quality and are actually still enjoyable. You still have the feeling you are playing Counter-Strike, even if the characters voices were completely changed. In the terms of gameplay, nothing much has changed, besides the HUD/UI. Global Offensive, like the previous ones, is a competitive tactical shooter. The new incendiary grenade on this game gives it a nice touch, but it can lead you to a terrible loss of frame-rate if you have a weak computer. (as well as smokes and flashbangs sometimes) What we can really call "new", is the ability to find official matches to play on the official CS:GO servers. The matchmaking system brings a new life to the game when it comes to play with friends, or just make your way to the top rankings by winning official ranked matches. CS:GO allows you to make a specific lobby for any mode and map you wish to play and, the best part, WITH friends! In every previous CS games, I sometimes had the feeling that I would have to be very lucky to find, not only, a server that I was exactly looking for, and with slots enough to play with my friends (in the same team). The CS:GO matchmaking eliminates this hassle and makes everything faster and easier. I still dislike not being able to tell the game how many players you are looking for. (for example: 2vs2, 3vs3, 4vs4, and so on) You can still join player created dedicted servers just like you did in the previous Counter-Strikes', so don't worry. :) The ability to watch other players matches (friends or not) with a 30 second delay was a nice play by the developers. You can now safely play a match without worrying about spectators helping someone on the opposite side team. And above all it allows you to watch some popular clans and pro players battle each other, which is always enjoyable to watch. (like tournaments happening in that moment) Which then leads to one of the biggest problems on every multiplayer game: cheaters. CS:GO came with an idea to make the most skilled and trusted players in the community to spectate a "suspect" player to determine if he is cheating or not, called "Overwatch". I must say, this is absolutely brilliant, giving the fact that this system doesn't allow you to know the "suspect" true nicknames or steam account nor the rest of the players in that match. To finish this review, I would like to point out a very nice addon in the game, which is, players created content in the game. CS:GO allows you to create your own: maps, weapon skins, and so on. And lets other players download and use it directly in their game. You can then comment or vote that creation. There are weapon skins that are "paid to get" and doesn't give you any advantage, it's just fashionable. But sometimes the animations are so cool or the colours are so awesome, that Valve decides to put them in Loot boxes with very rare and low drop percentage, so if you get one of these, you can either use it and brag about it, sell to other players, or trade for anything you want with other players. Conclusion: If you enjoyed the Counter-Strike franchise, or love a competitive skilled-oriented FPS, I recommend you give CS:GO a try, if you have the recommended System Requirements. If you're looking for an easy, simple FPS game, don't buy this game. 8/10
game-hours: 33.0
review: Counter-Strike steht fr Bomben- und Geiselrettungsszenarien. Genau das erwarte ich auch von Global Offensive und genau das bietet es auch. Das ist erfreulich, denn so simpel diese beiden Modi verglichen mit Spielarten moderner Shooter heutzutage sind, so taktisch anspruchsvoll und zeitlos gut sind sie auch. Das gilt besonders, wenn man die Karten Fnf gegen Fnf spielt. Interessant ist vor allem Valves Entscheidung, nicht noch weitere Modi auer Waffenrennen und Demolition) hinzuzufgen. Die Entwickler sind sich der Anziehungskraft und Eigenstndigkeit ihrer Modi bewusst und verzichten bewusst auf weiteren Schnickschnack. Das gefllt. Die beiden gerade erwhnten Modi sind nettes Beiwerk, mehr aber auch nicht. Waffenrennen eignet sich sicherlich fr Neulinge, um ein Gefhl fr das Spiel zu bekommen, den eigentlichen Spielablauf spiegelt es aber in keiner Weise wieder. Waffenrennen ist eine witzige Ablenkung, eine Mglichkeit, mal mit mehr als nur den blicherweise im Clanwar verwendeten Waffen zu benutzen. Zum wirklichen Training dient es allerdings kaum. Spa muss trotzdem sein und schon jetzt produziert die Community tolle neue Karten zum Austoben (Einfach nach Maps mit awp_ oder fy_ im Namen suchen!). Neu ist die Mglichkeit, die klassischen Modi im Casual-Stil zu spielen. Hier gibt es keine Geldknappheit und schusssichere Westen gibt's gratis. Diese Vorstufe der Knigsdisziplin (Friendly Fire ist ein Schlsselelement in CS-Gefechten) dient Einsteigern zum ben, zum Besserwerden, zum Herantrauen an die Materie. Veteranen lsst das kalt, die wissen eh, was abgeht. Wenn Kinder nicht hier sein wrden, wrde das Spiel besser sein 7/10
game-hours: 165.8
review: Awesome game. Recommended for those Hardcore FPS gamers.
game-hours: 6.7
review: Classic
game-hours: 276.9
review: This is a real fun game for both older and younger :D
game-hours: 1287.6
review: Great game but needs more improvements and 128 tick servers
game-hours: 658.6
review: best game ever dawg
game-hours: 1411.8
review: Really nice
game-hours: 33.0
review: Greate shooter. It includes some of the nostalgia from the old CS's. I like it for a quick game, buth when the time is right i will be sitting in a loby for hours and be playing. Owerall its a game you wanna pick up if for fun or serious play.
game-hours: 650.3
review: hala eskisi gibi oynatyor.
game-hours: 493.7
review: Very addictive game.
game-hours: 1595.1
review: Amazing 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 64.2
review: A brillant fast paced action game. This is a new update of Counter Strike Source. The graphics look much better and smoother with some extra added touches. I really like the idea of crates and loot drops much like Team Fortress 2 I am able to customise my own gun skin and also player. The idea of Counter Strike Global Offensive is you are either on the Counter Terrorist Team or the Terrorist Team. The Counter Terrorists must either save a hostage or deactivate a bomb whilst killing the enemy terrorist team along the way. The Terrorists job is to hold a hostage or detonate a bomb whilst preventing the Counter Terrorists from doing the opposite. I think this game like Team Fortress 2 is a marvel of Multiplayer FPS and I would reccomend it to anyone young or old.
game-hours: 76.9
review: only thing more autistic is world of warcraft fun with friends "sick" - mark 2014
game-hours: 39.9
review: I just lurve me counter strike.
game-hours: 568.4
review: A+ would buy again. True
game-hours: 288.6
review: great fps game 11/10
game-hours: 407.0
review: CSGO is incredible, worth every penny.
game-hours: 108.8
review: A new era of Counter-Strike franchise. Absolutely different from the others. Plus with an existing store and trading system.
game-hours: 586.4
review: This game is so much fun, especially with all the skins making it have a trading system like team fortress 2, one of the best games i've everplayed.
game-hours: 548.4
review: after 200 hours of gameplay it still isn't old to me, amazing game.
game-hours: 70.7
review: Having seen the evolution of this title from beta 1.6 into it's current iteration, I have to say I'm very pleasantly suprised at how it's evolved. The game has retained all of it original charm, and benefitted greatly from the addition of weapon skins and models. It's a cult classic any FPS'er should experience.
game-hours: 192.1
review: Really fun game as expected of valve :D nothing more to say.
game-hours: 2114.5
review: The legacy of the original Counter-Strike. It was about time we had a new Counter-Strike able to replace both CS 1.6 and CS:S. I honestly think that Counter-Strike: Global Offensive achieved that, even if the gameplay has been adjusted to the engine, even if the game is more oriented towards casual gamers, even if haters try to hang on to their old relics, talking trash of the game. I love Counter-Strike 1.6, but it's time for a change, and if you've enjoyed CS:1.6 or CS:Source, I strongly suggest you give CS:GO a try. Have an open mind, it's a new game, it will require time to get used to it. Deathmatch, Arms Race, casual mode, competitive mode, all these are built-in modes available by matchmaking. The old server browser is still available, so it's possible to use private servers as well. Ranks have been added to the competitive mode to try to match people of the same level. You can look for a match on your own or with up to 5 people. Most of the weapons are still there, m4, ak47, awp, deagle, etc... The game is updated frequently (every 1 or 2 weeks), and there are enough players to find a match within a minute. There's also an overwatch system to get rid of cheaters as fast as possible. Enjoy !
game-hours: 1267.5
review: CSGO IS AWESOME!
game-hours: 330.3
review: I've been playing this game for way to long since beta. Addicting.. to addicting
game-hours: 1652.6
review: Click deh heads, win deh gaemz
game-hours: 1553.9
review: Must have game! Endless hours of fun
game-hours: 403.3
review: Been playing CSS for about 6 years and this has some new graphic improvements witch are major. Game plays almost the same. I felt right at home when i played this.
game-hours: 1709.8
review: best FPS in steam so far...currently most played FPS worldwide. Nice graphic, stunning performance, and doesn't require any high-end PC to play .... last but the most important : nice ping (tested from Indonesia)
game-hours: 5.1
review: yes
game-hours: 1622.3
review: THIS GAME IS EXTREMELY FREAKISHLY AWESOME. THE CAPS LOCK SURELY IS MY WAY TO REVIEW THIS GAME.
game-hours: 400.0
review: Great game which requires skill
game-hours: 564.7
review: In Counter Strike: Global Offensive, you start out with 4 of your friends, as either Terrorists or Counter-Terrorists and you have to solve a series of puzzles to either rescue/guard hostages, defuse/arm bombs or simply eliminate the other team by clicking repeatedly on their heads. All in all CS:GO is a great realtime point and click adventure game, with high replay value.
game-hours: 19.7
review: possibly the worst game ive ever played
game-hours: 1013.0
review: lyfvjyt
game-hours: 1022.7
review: Very fun game to play with friends.
game-hours: 829.5
review: Good game, recommend for matchmaking!
game-hours: 760.6
review: <333
game-hours: 459.1
review: Good MMOFPS based game with a good competitive scene :D
game-hours: 207.8
review: dis game is good doe
game-hours: 26.2
review: Counter-Strike: AWP Simulator 3 is a great game to play if you like AWPs, Assault and Dust II. With an awesome community of mature, like-minded gamers above the age of 18 with an incredible vocabulary, I would highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 1433.7
review: Good game!
game-hours: 346.0
review: Best game ever! Get it now! :D
game-hours: 691.7
review: This is a very awsome entertaining game and i recommend it for anyone who wants to enjoy his time.
game-hours: 442.0
review: This game is best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1415.9
review: Awesome
game-hours: 2117.7
review: <3
game-hours: 286.5
review: Awesome series back for another go with updated graphics and physics. And it delivers!
game-hours: 359.2
review: Call of Duty and Halo, but you can't regain your hp, and you have to aim which is really tough. I hear valve lets u use back ground programs to help u aim and see ppl better tho to help ppl that are use to real fps games like Titanfall so thats kinda cool.
game-hours: 204.9
review: Game yang bisa dibilang cukup menarik,, dengan gameplay yang sama dengan counter strike versi sebelumnya , namun hanya dengan sebuah perbedaan grafik . CS : GO bisa membuat hal ini menjadi menarik . tak lupa dengan achievementnya yang begitu asik untuk didapatkan
game-hours: 48.9
review: love it!
game-hours: 393.8
review: This game is great, although it's really hard to get into. If you come in expecting anything similar to CoD or Battlefield, prepare to get completely wrecked. At the end of the day, if you want to play competetively, it's all about map knowledge, strategy, and teamwork, with some skill at shooting here and there. If you want to run and gun like a maniac, you will not have a good time, but that's why I like this game.
game-hours: 614.5
review: (Y)
game-hours: 45.7
review: it's bretty good
game-hours: 1595.6
review: I love dis game :D
game-hours: 136.3
review: Very fun~FPS
game-hours: 2551.6
review: This is a funny game!
game-hours: 275.7
review: Nice game as a community and fun but bad movement. Dont' need skills like CS1.6 But still the graphics is bettet than CS1.6
game-hours: 25.2
review: nice game......................
game-hours: 42.2
review: The pinnacle of the point-and-click adventure genre.
game-hours: 189.9
review: BEST GAME UNTILL HALF-LIFE 3
game-hours: 562.7
review: FPS version of Dota 2, pretty much. If you don't own this game nor plan to, get the flippin' game when it's on sale - but it's still worth $15 all the way.
game-hours: 692.0
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a great game. It's a mix of the first official game Counter-Strike 1.6 and the newer Counter-Strike Source. The Counter Strike series has always gotten inspiration from it's previous iterations. The game has many old school maps like De_Dust 1 and 2, Office, and many other maps that were in the previous games. They added plenty of new maps as well. They added the amazing deathmatch mode from the Counter-Strike dedicated servers that used to only be fan made. The GunGame is also an official game mode now too. They added a competitive mode into the game that lets you play a amazing 5v5, aka the scrim. This gamemode has different levels of difficulty, and it's counted by your skill level. You start out by playing 10 matches with no level, then you earn a level that matches your skill. The game has the old school goods you like, and it adds new things like the Tazer and Molotov that make the game even greater. Something else they added is the great community based hacker finder called Over Watch. If someone reports a player in a server for using hacks, a trusted player that Valve picked for Over Watch is able to see a section of the game footage they were "hacking" in. The person watching determines if they were hacking instead of the usual VAC system that Valve uses. The best thing about it is that the names are all covered and the "Hacker" is called the Victim and the rest of the player names are hidden, making it fair for people worried about getting reported by trolls. If a player is found guilty of using hacks, it doesn't result in a permanent ban. If it's your first time using a hack, you only get a ban of a few days. The ban length increases with each one until the player is banned permanently. The last and most amazing thing they added is being able to watch your matches. Now getting clutches and other amazing kills worth your time because you can go back and show off to your friends, or even use it to make montages and things like that. In conclusion, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is definitely worth the 15 dollars. It's almost like a best of compilation of the Counter Strike series. In my opinion it's even better than Counter-Strike Source. (Thank you for the help Joejoebuckbuck)
game-hours: 1017.7
review: Great Game, MUCH MUCH TIME INVESTED. Me Love This game more then life itself.
game-hours: 732.6
review: Better than Call of Duty Ghosts!
game-hours: 745.7
review: My favorite game :$
game-hours: 783.3
review: YES
game-hours: 1174.9
review: Best Game Ever :) <3 CSGO i love u :D
game-hours: 262.7
review: awesome graphics, cool GUI, more guns and action. one of the best and classic FPS game. 9/10!
game-hours: 229.6
review: It's Okay,
game-hours: 327.6
review: Gay as f!$# 0/10 - Scrubs Bestgame/10 - Me
game-hours: 753.4
review: I love this game, beyond its atmosphere. All these trading floors and many more can make you a millionaire in the Steam
game-hours: 783.7
review: I recommend you guys this game , very intensive , good graphics , a lot team play.
game-hours: 685.8
review: Best FPS game. Simple but hard to master.
game-hours: 417.4
review: Love this gaem so much. It is great to play with your friends! :P
game-hours: 129.8
review: The best Dust 2 simulator I have played. 10/10 would dust again
game-hours: 455.2
review: i carry everybody in this game, LOLOL
game-hours: 526.8
review: Make sure to spend more hours trading to get ridiculous items than actually playing the game. This is a must. Otherwise you suck eggs.
game-hours: 229.4
review: great and highly adictive
game-hours: 1144.7
review: This game is a really cool close quarter FPS. Even though you normally play the same maps it never gets boring because you never know the enemy tactics. Another real cool thing is all the new gamemode which really makes the game a lot more fun. I definetly recommend this game.
game-hours: 80.1
review: Good Game
game-hours: 859.2
review: Great game! A lot of bugs thoguh
game-hours: 898.3
review: This is the most cool game! I love Counter-Strike and i like CS:GO too! I recommend this game!
game-hours: 251.8
review: the best game super dank top fun m8s 9/11 needs more bombs
game-hours: 40.2
review: Great game
game-hours: 661.6
review: Best multiplayer game i've ever played. It's getting better every day.
game-hours: 562.7
review: 10/10 would be called  blyat again.
game-hours: 1600.2
review: Amazing
game-hours: 62.8
review: You can't call yourself an FPS gamer if you haven't played Counter Strike at least once in your life. If you've been looking for a really good FPS game then buy CS:GO NOW!!!
game-hours: 2899.5
review: Awsome!
game-hours: 454.9
review: This game plays so well, the in-game matchmaking system is pretty good despite what others might say. The graphics in this game are better than in cs:s, enough to be a nice difference but not enough to blind you. The buy menu in this game is a vast improvement over the previous ones, where memorizing hotkeys were necessary. The workshop and the combination of the operations makes for a game that doesn't get old. 10/10
game-hours: 415.5
review: This Game Is Simply Amazing ! From 2004 to 2011-2012 It has Changed Alot There are LOTS Of Interesting Skins This Game Has Improved Alot I Love This Game And It Is Worth Buying 10/10 Love It !
game-hours: 1310.4
review: Go is love Go is life 1000/10
game-hours: 3016.7
review: 2str0ng
game-hours: 632.3
review: its cool n stuff
game-hours: 1654.5
review: VERY RUSKI
game-hours: 426.9
review: You shoot stuff while evading the elusive dust2 boss. ez skinz ez lyfe 9/10
game-hours: 986.7
review: I suggest you this game it is pretty cool
game-hours: 279.3
review: counter strike best game
game-hours: 1297.1
review: Fun to watch, fun to play, fun to commentate!
game-hours: 331.7
review: such guns. many terrist. wow
game-hours: 432.9
review: So much better than CS 1.6. It gives you a chance to play with people that are on the same level with you and it is only a bonus that you don't have to look for new servers!
game-hours: 1281.6
review: 10/10 great game
game-hours: 274.7
review: wow nice game
game-hours: 62.2
review: I don't usually play Counter Strike but when I do it's Counter Strike:Global Offensive. Counter Strike is a fantastic PC based FPS. It is pretty cheap but OUTSTANDING. It has diverse gamemodes and textures from this game are used in ohter games. It's a great game to have.
game-hours: 36.8
review: Mycket underhllande skjut.
game-hours: 265.7
review: Definitely worth the $3.74 it's on sale for right now.
game-hours: 324.5
review: NICE me like shot shot police; )) NOT( no police come for me lol)
game-hours: 330.0
review: Awesome game, definately recommend it :D
game-hours: 1612.8
review: I LIKE THAT!
game-hours: 325.4
review: Still, one of the finest FPS PC games out there. This newest edition builds on the legacy of what is CS and includes a whole lot more. You can still play the usual competitive games but it can organise these for you instead of searching #IRC for days or trying to plan a match via a game league. It also has some fun game types such as deathmatch, demolition and much more. With the option to purchase 'Operation Bravo' to play a few more maps and those that are still in beta testing it's simply superb. Valve also kindly provide some little holiday add ons to remind you what time of year it is when playing the game! Of course it does not come without it's draw backs. Bullet reg isn't the best, there are still quite a few cheaters in game and you get the usual 'kiddie' CS player who wants to whinge all game and grief but with a decent rest of the team these can simply be voted out. Going for 2.99 in the 2013 Holiday sale you would be an absolute fool not to buy it!
game-hours: 453.3
review: Great game, really competitive. Most guns are pretty easy but AK is devistating once you learn it :)
game-hours: 1476.7
review: You gotta be outta your mind not play this amazing game. I been playing the counter strike franchise since 1.6 and been hooked ever since, best first person shooter for pc ever.
game-hours: 802.8
review: Best game ever !
game-hours: 1420.5
review: Addictive game ....
game-hours: 547.1
review: Despite the months of Beta Testing beforehand, my experience in the first month after launch has been ridden with annoying bugs and CTDs. The gameplay is pretty smooth, the weapons feel solid, and the flow feels more realistic. There are still many elements that make this game cheesy as ever (just float up a ladder), but for 15 bucks you will still get some very fun gameplay (Demolition is well balanced and enjoyable) and decent replay value as Valve adds more maps and content. If I had paid 50 bucks for this I would be pretty upset, but for its cheap price tag I can live with the bugs and slow updates. Recommended.
game-hours: 602.3
review: Good game ! I LIKE IT !
game-hours: 901.6
review: Ganda sana...Dami lang bano
game-hours: 1559.3
review: Seems decent for casual gameplay. Still long way before it is as goos as 1.6 on a competitive level.
game-hours: 83.5
review: i ate my own willy
game-hours: 309.3
review: its an ok time and money consuming game, i myself is a sucker for skins not just in csgo, ive been a big fan since first cs but it dont track that far back since steam was not used for playing cs in old times, Its a good game to learn team tactics aslong as you have a team to run/practise with, but be aware of cheaters and scammers, cause alot of them.And i still have alot of issues with hackers ruining the game for everyone else on the server, would be nice if someone like valve made and implemented a new anticheat like the one in titanfall, where if you cheat you can only play with cheaters, and they have to buy a new game every time they are caught cheating if they want to play in the future. Would also be nice if they banned the computer id instead of the ip, cause to many can go around the ip. Would also be nice with a anticheat that picks up on programs that are started and stopped during gameplay so its easier to take the more experienced cheaters aswell. It Gets Around 7/10, since it dont have the tilt function in upper body to look out from corners, prone, lack of cooking the greande, your still forced into bottlenecks on most maps, weapon change is to quick, and it still annoys the hell out of me that they have a heavy as h*** AWP/AWM that is made for stopping big trucks/cars by shooting thrue the engine block. Would be better to add a lighter sniper rifle since the name is cs.
game-hours: 797.3
review: It`s a little bit similar to COD MW3 but it`s better than CS 1.6. Recommended
game-hours: 1168.4
review: This is hella dope.
game-hours: 831.7
review: You can kill chickens 11/10
game-hours: 73.1
review: It is a ok game. Could be better. needs to be more like 1.6 that was the best Multiplayer game of all time nothing comes close to it.
game-hours: 272.7
review: I think the main enemy in this game are the chickens.
game-hours: 165.8
review: Best first person MMO out there, TF2 being a close second. However this game is not only fun to have a graet time with freinds but a awsome competitive community. 9/10
game-hours: 1663.2
review: This game is awesome I met a lot of friends.
game-hours: 1714.8
review: Best FPS game
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.9
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2870.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 202.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 773.7
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 799.8
review: cs go best game
game-hours: 86.3
review: If this was a potato; Then this would be the best potato.
game-hours: 793.7
review: Love it! 10/10
game-hours: 728.6
review: Gr8 g8me m8 i r8 8/8
game-hours: 148.3
review: gr8 r8 m8 8/8.
game-hours: 1321.5
review: Counter Strike Global Offensive is the latest installment of the Counter Strike series, and in my opinion the best! The ranking system is one of my favorite features from CS:GO, it gives you the ability to play other players in your skill group. You are given a skill group after playing ten matches. Ranging from Silver 1 (The worst of the worst) all the way to Global Elite (aka pros). Having the ranking system also gives me drive to get better and learn techniques for understanding the game better. A downside is that the default MM Valve servers are only 64 tick, which can lead to your bullets not hitting your target when shooting, but this can be solved by paying for the ESEA 128 tick servers which are far superior. The problem I find most frustrating is the cheaters, now I am not the kind of guy that will call cheats if someone gets a 1-click with an ak-47 but I still find that I run into cheaters on a weekly basis, once again though ESEA has little to no cheaters with there anti-cheat software, so if you are willing to pay a small amount towards ESEA you will find that you will have a much more enjoyable expirience. -Chris Rating - 9/10
game-hours: 12.0
review: Regular past time game. Nothing much to expect.
game-hours: 351.1
review: 420 screaM it platform9&3/4 / 10
game-hours: 778.2
review: I learned russian playing this game. 10/10 would chickens again
game-hours: 708.0
review: Such a good game ! :)) BUT FULL OF HACKERS !!
game-hours: 80.9
review: GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP no re
game-hours: 1780.9
review: Best point and click game I've played, pity all my mates suck at it though ey.
game-hours: 206.8
review: Pretty good game
game-hours: 907.3
review: it's gud
game-hours: 622.6
review: I DON'T CARE, I LOVE IT!
game-hours: 499.2
review: Great game!
game-hours: 2733.9
review: A game where skill is the primary gameplay factor. You level-up yourself, not a character or loadout. You learn the maps, the guns, and the techniques... you memorize recoil timing and bullet-spray patterns and try to get the upper hand whenever possible. Players of other shooters might avoid CS:GO because of the steep learning curve: Don't expect to just drop in and kill, you will find yourself drastically out-skilled. Stick around for a while and you might learn that perfect AK-47 control, and to out-strafe enemies or headshot through smoke using the radar... and all the tricks that I've found fun since I bought Counter-Strike: Source in 2006. Don't forget to check out the Community Scene... all the crazy maps or mods like Surf, ZombieMod, and my favorite- GunGame (now called Arms Race, for some reason... perhaps because COD stole the name). My experience with the Counter-Strike series has been nothing but rewarding and addicting, and I never would have gotten a STEAM account without it. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 2775.0
review: Without a doubt my favourite FPS game that I've ever played. The competitive matchmaking is so much fun, in other Counter-Strike games it was hard to find people who were serious about winning a 5v5 match, very great addition. The new gamemodes are great, really good for some fun casual play when you're bored or dont want to play competitive. Overall one of the most funnest and balanced multiplayed FPS's I've ever played. 10/10.
game-hours: 936.1
review: Its a awesom game !
game-hours: 339.8
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, where teamwork is laughable and everyone is Russian. 10/11
game-hours: 535.5
review: yas
game-hours: 64.0
review: Hacker Simulator 2011 Rank up into Gold III, never play again No more being called noob, no more hacking, no more bad stats 14/10 Uninstalled
game-hours: 1488.6
review: This is the best game ever, it takes some getting used to the spray patterns, but it's fulfilling when you CLUTCH!
game-hours: 1186.5
review: If you have friends, great game to play with them. If you have no friends, great game to play alone. If you do not have the game, get money for it. If you have no money, get a job. If you do not have a job, rob the bank. If you are arrested for robbing the bank, at least you tried
game-hours: 88.6
review: As long as someone takes control on your team you will most likely be in good hands. The community is very good in this game. Encourage others and improve the overall mood. Don't be a baby calling everyone n00bs and hackers. Auto-Sniping from a corner is alright. It's a game. You are trying to win. Grind out of the silver placements. Just buy the game and start burst firing while standing still to make sure youi have best accuracy possible. Its not COD kids. Its better.
game-hours: 1390.4
review: nice
game-hours: 84.6
review: Fun. Community is very kind.
game-hours: 564.3
review: best game ive ever playied!!!
game-hours: 779.4
review: Awesome, all that needs to be said
game-hours: 13.0
review: Awesome game untill you get randomly banned for no reason, and wont get told what for.
game-hours: 423.5
review: hex awesome
game-hours: 367.2
review: If this game was a potato...It would be a good potato.
game-hours: 735.8
review: Flighty is a nooblord, do not play with him ever
game-hours: 1450.0
review: this game is awesome dont compare it to any game you wont find a game as unique as this it is hard at times but you will end up loving it i recomend this even if you dont like fps and if your into dota or lol try this game for a change it has the same compedtive inviroment
game-hours: 216.2
review: dank gam
game-hours: 475.3
review: Is good
game-hours: 1096.9
review: good
game-hours: 72.9
review: good game
game-hours: 1040.4
review: Chickens everywhere 10/10
game-hours: 325.1
review: goood game gamers
game-hours: 795.1
review: Counter Strike: Global Offensive, or CS:GO, is a fast paced shooter. Most guns do not have a zoom feature so it isn't like call of duty if that is what you are wondering. You have to have a base understading in order to get really good. Now that doesn't mean the game is not fun. There are many game mods for all types of players. They range from rescue the hostage, to plant the bomb, to your basic team deathmatch. There is also a competitive playlist if you are into that hardcore stuff as well. Most of the maps are really well made and don't get old, if you do happen to get old of the standard maps then just buy the $3 map pack, or make a friend that has it since you can just join his lobby and play with em, that gives you this cool badge. This is a great game if you want something you can jump in and have fun.
game-hours: 399.7
review: Great game! Great price!
game-hours: 715.9
review: I love this game. I have played since the beginning. It's a blast to play with friends or even meet new people in a lobby. I have met a lot of cool people.
game-hours: 728.3
review: Pretty alright, skill cap a bit too high.
game-hours: 43.9
review: #AWP #EatD#ck #F#ggot- Every 5 year old on this games servers.
game-hours: 2574.4
review: pretty ok kill polise plant bomb its ok 10/10
game-hours: 417.3
review: Its Better Than Cod ... my case here is done.
game-hours: 221.6
review: Nice Game!(7 of 10 mark) But need fix ballistic of bullets flying! Not all walls their spray! Grenades little weak, Molotov cocktail is fleeting! Every season there are hackers aim, bots, wall hacks, AWP spam Bots, illegal macros... Please Dear VALVE TEAM update VAC protect system quickly... too many hackers in completitive mode...
game-hours: 1.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 512.7
review: Many shooting, much kill, wow.
game-hours: 60.8
review: great game
game-hours: 98.6
review: Super Duper competitive, but fun "It was alright" 8/10 -IGN
game-hours: 462.2
review: Very good game :)
game-hours: 23.2
review: Awesome Game!! Must PLAY!!
game-hours: 434.1
review: What can I say? I've played all the other counter strike games and this one matches those games perfectly with new graphics and the ability to spend Hundreds... even thousands of dollars.
game-hours: 762.0
review: good game
game-hours: 158.0
review: Counter Strike s My First FPS Game And ts New Of The Game I Liked t
game-hours: 473.6
review: A world that's dominated by many FPS games, each with their own unique gameplay and style. What sets CS:GO apart from the others? Well CS:GO is extremely detailed with every aspects of the game. This includes gameplay which branches out on to sounds, shadows and visuals, balancing out the map layouts and economy of the weapons, and the weapon mechanics are even accurate as it could ever be, the recoils, hitmarks and damage. Also not only the gameplay is amazing but cleverly valve took a big step into introducing skins. Skins are the main reason why people are now more interested in this game. There is a plethora of skins in this game, arranged in 7 subgroups. - Common (Consumer Grade) - Uncommon (Industrial Grade) - Rare (Mil-Spec) - Mythical (Restricted) - Legendary (Classified) - Ancient (Covert) - Exeedingly Rare (Melee Weapons) In each of these categories it is also in another subgroups of its quality such as: - Battle-Scarred - Well-Worn - Field-Tested - Minimal Wear - Factory New Overall CS:GO stands as a glowing reminder that quality game design is rewarded in longevity and variety. At the end, what matters is not if CS:GO is innovative or more of the same than CS:S, COD, BF but what counts is if it's fun.
game-hours: 321.0
review: The enemy was just better than you, deal with it!
game-hours: 198.5
review: pew pew hs?! Lovely
game-hours: 1208.7
review: I like this game! IGN 11/6 s.p 1/3 Overall a good movie - Morgan Freeman
game-hours: 590.2
review: .
game-hours: 31.3
review: Very Good !! :))
game-hours: 588.7
review: This is such a tactical and an amazing game! I really recommend you guys and gals to get this :3
game-hours: 623.0
review: best shooter multiplayer
game-hours: 383.0
review: Excelent game would highly recomend to anyone interested in FPS games
game-hours: 382.6
review: CS:GO-Killing team is fun. Ever wanted to be a queer and get banned? Well now you can buy csgo and kill your team, This is also known as camo simulator without the goats instead  chicken roam the streets 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 1247.9
review: Very Nice Game
game-hours: 8.2
review: im Banned D:
game-hours: 167.4
review: +1
game-hours: 1844.5
review: Perfect game for team play FPS, hard to get used to aim and strats. Great for getting in to, match making works well as you play against your own rank and then steadily improve at your own rate.
game-hours: 592.3
review: I love this game.
game-hours: 208.1
review: If you're not already playing it, you should be. Even if you're mainly a CoD player, it can really help you develop some great tactics that transition from game to game.
game-hours: 1510.8
review: Too many hackers in mm.
game-hours: 1317.1
review: Bestest game, very gut, must have. Makes life betr.
game-hours: 115.2
review: unboxed a 500$ knife on my first weapons case :D
game-hours: 535.8
review: very bra spel
game-hours: 1667.9
review: This game though simple in appearance has proved to be one of my most favorite competitive multiplayer fps games. I have spent countless hours of enjoyment on it. Yes there are hackers but the fun of being able to easily communicate with teammates over voice makes it worthwhile.
game-hours: 689.5
review: Go hard, or stay home and play CS:GO :D
game-hours: 970.9
review: awsome game
game-hours: 358.2
review: awesum <3
game-hours: 12.5
review: Nice !
game-hours: 573.6
review: I dont like FPS games..... But this does NOT play like your ordinary FPS. Well balanced, strategic, and cared for by the developers. If you're looking for a great fast paced competitive shooter with in depth mechanics, this is the game for you.
game-hours: 229.9
review: this game is awesome !!!
game-hours: 660.8
review: awesome game :3
game-hours: 575.2
review: this is a good game
game-hours: 1729.1
review: Best FPS game ever! 5/5
game-hours: 761.3
review: Naprawde dobra gra , Polecam !
game-hours: 249.9
review: /
game-hours: 133.6
review: yhess kyntt videoss ts tapettiin kaikki ijt tuohon noin koko tiimi
game-hours: 360.6
review: Make my days...
game-hours: 1212.8
review: Really recommend if you have played previous cs and if you love competitive gaming or just casual gaming.
game-hours: 624.5
review: Very cool game, enjoy playing it 2 years from now. Hope they will fix some glitches
game-hours: 68.9
review: Awesome Game!!! Would recommend it to any FPS lovers!!!
game-hours: 788.2
review: Really good game
game-hours: 233.0
review: cool game !!
game-hours: 201.3
review: 11/10 better than Half Life 3
game-hours: 168.3
review: Adictive best CS ever!
game-hours: 357.9
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 267.2
review: You can shoot by holding left-click. 10/10.
game-hours: 170.8
review: Very a aebrebre
game-hours: 1609.4
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 843.1
review: Good ol' Counter-strike. CS:GO has made quite a few improvements since release and is now considered a strong e-sport. I enjoy this game playing with friends or with random people. Of course, it's an FPS, so expect raging here and there. Lol.
game-hours: 1127.1
review: best game ever.
game-hours: 218.0
review: Fun game, just get it.
game-hours: 632.6
review: good game
game-hours: 1551.2
review: gucci game
game-hours: 869.5
review: This game takes the good mechanics of C-S:S and then ramps them up and then also take the graphics and turns them up to 11. Yes there are some things that still need improved, but what game is perfect? Exactly! This FPS is fast paced but you can still take your time and enjoy the ride. Choose from a variety of maps and a variety of game types to find what you really like. You can be the terrorists or the counter-terrorists, trying to destroy objectives or keep hostages. The game is gorgeous with a lot of options on how you can play. I recommend it to anyone willing to try it out.
game-hours: 1685.3
review: Best first person game
game-hours: 898.2
review: Counter Strike is a great game that requires you to work with your team in order to win. Teamwork is everything. 10/10
game-hours: 315.8
review: Best FPS :D
game-hours: 352.0
review: its different and i was really against it at first but somehow they converted me... In other words: LOVE IT! LOVE IT! LOVE IT! LOVE IT! GET IT! GET IT! GET IT! GET IT!
game-hours: 362.1
review: Best fps ever with the exception of maybe tf2. Buy this game.
game-hours: 475.6
review: A game about shooting.. lots and lots of shooting :)
game-hours: 1135.5
review: Better then Cod and Bf3/4 its about skill tactics domination and luck teamplay Victory and defeat. Community support. VAC-secure servers compentative matchmaking Allways Updated with new features 10/10
game-hours: 1501.6
review: Def get this game ton of fun!!
game-hours: 1713.2
review: nice
game-hours: 89.6
review: Awsome Game With Good graphics ;)
game-hours: 823.9
review: Amazing game 10/10
game-hours: 197.5
review: This game is amazing.Great graphics,good gameplay,many gametypes(like arms race),old and new maps.But at this game VAC is ed up so becareful!!
game-hours: 1756.1
review: mark said there are free dogs souls with catholic conversion
game-hours: 533.5
review: If you loved 1.6 you will definitely like this game!!
game-hours: 164.5
review: NICE GAME!!!!
game-hours: 126.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 168.7
review: You can now put some stickers on yer rifle
game-hours: 625.7
review: is fun
game-hours: 549.1
review: a
game-hours: 447.5
review: This game will ruin your life....Lol it is such a good game...careful when playing you might punh your comp. :D
game-hours: 1009.2
review: This game is possibly the best FPS to grace the gaming scene for the past 10 years. Now there are games like CS: Source or 1.6 , and those games are equally as good, but CS:GO adds just the right amount of gameplay additions that fans want, and have found in CS:GO, this is surely a game that will go on for a very long time, and will continue to pave the way for other FPS games.
game-hours: 333.0
review: This game is Satan's crack. Once you start playing, you are hooked. Don't play if you enjoy your life edit: This game is ing sickening pissening ing heartpounding ball busting s. If you aren't playing competitive mode and reading this in review instead, wtf are you doing with your in time, ing sickening .
game-hours: 228.0
review: Fantastic shooter. Only picked it up two days ago and it's bloody amazing. Population is the only issue, but given that I've been playing mainly during off peak times, it's excusable. Buy it.
game-hours: 740.1
review: Not quite the same as CS:S, but still a fun, competitive, and frustrating game.
game-hours: 947.2
review: This game will make you a gambler and will destroy your family's bond together, but it's fun to play.
game-hours: 298.1
review: Must buy game!!!!
game-hours: 340.1
review: One of the best and most populat FPS multiplayer games. I really like the style of game because it's really tactical. Game is also good for playing clan wars. Game mods are really nice and fun to play. Game won't become boring at all. I only don't like spawn system of players in team deathmatch because it's really bad. The good thing is that you can get some items in game which you can sell for real money on Steam and if you are lucky you can get pretty big amount of money. I really reccommend this game to everyone who like FPS multiplayer and action shooter games. Game is worth of money. 9/10
game-hours: 682.2
review: A+ all the way!
game-hours: 659.9
review: A very nice game that takes allot of skill, One of the best Multiplayer shooters i've ever seen and I like shooters allot.The only downside is coming a cross hackers once in a while, but then again it's fun trolling those hackers. This game will give you allot of funtimes and sometimes sadtimes because you suck.
game-hours: 869.7
review: Good generic fps with a oldschool feel. plenty of maps and gamemodes to try out. my only criticism is that some players are not as friendly as other fps. But overall a great game!
game-hours: 1562.0
review: Been a fan of CS since the 1.6 days, I gotta say this game is great! The only issue is the matchmaking, that you'll either have multiple  squeekers in your team, or Russians that never speak a word in English, making IG comms useless. Overall it's a great game to play casualy, or competitive! 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 70.9
review: When the classic returns! A good game, to play with friends, and have fun. With graphics from CS Source, and physics from CS 1.6 ,
game-hours: 4913.6
review: Awesome game =] Would reccomened to anyone who likes fps.
game-hours: 1948.9
review: very stronK game.
game-hours: 2693.0
review: shootbang the dudebros
game-hours: 171.1
review: Good Gameee
game-hours: 288.0
review: Truly an FPS, tactical and close combat game that is too addictive.
game-hours: 292.0
review: Totally recommend this game to all FPS games lovers. It is just like the old classy CS but with a better recoil system, and many extra features, I personally mostly play it because it's got a competitive mode(ranked). 9.5/10
game-hours: 1323.3
review: This game will pee on your social life.
game-hours: 61.9
review: CS:GO get this.
game-hours: 47.0
review: yo this game be up in the boom zang pow!! i blat blat on them boyz like a to z. but fo real doe im sucks at this game and i just join the team with the more kills
game-hours: 642.0
review: A must have if you think you are a good player. (I dont)
game-hours: 224.3
review: my favorite fps game i have something like 50 ... :D
game-hours: 2017.0
review: very good game!
game-hours: 724.9
review: Perfect Game
game-hours: 830.6
review: Very fun competetive game to play with friends! I strongly reccomend this game as the aspect of it is SO much fun!
game-hours: 156.3
review: day 4: i'm still trying to 360. i noticed that this game is harder than mw2. still didn't find any  that wants to 1v1 me rust 9/10 needs more guns "IGN"
game-hours: 537.5
review: Its like a point and click adventure but the adventure is a bullet going through someones head. 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 359.7
review: This game Really good i love it and recomend it to anyone who wants a fps that takes skill.
game-hours: 408.8
review: Its a game where I spend hours getting guy's loads sprayed all over my face and chest. Sometimes more then one guy at a time.
game-hours: 1569.4
review: Excellent game if you like getting killed by jumping p90s.
game-hours: 99.0
review: Has Steam Cards
game-hours: 721.8
review: This is the best game around of the world. I never seen better fps game :)
game-hours: 1208.2
review: For everyone that has bought this game and is playing it constantly LEARN TO IN AIM, goddammit man.
game-hours: 765.1
review: This game is awesome ^^
game-hours: 55.0
review: Its only good if you can play. 1.9/10
game-hours: 2268.1
review: Coming back after a long hiatus from the CS 1.3-1.5 days, I started playing Source occasionally. After finding some cool people and servers that made the game fun again, I was pulled back into CS and those long gaming sessions. Then I noticed there was a newer version called GO. I didn't really know what to expect from CS:GO but I had to give it a try. At first, it felt very different and I was put off by that. It felt like I was lost in the maps, and that I'd never figure them out because of headshot after headshot. I was dying almost instantly. So I started playing Deathmatch for a few rounds now and then, just to get a feel for the guns and see if I'd get a loot drop. Mainly I stuck to Source. Eventually I started getting pretty good at Deathmatch. I made a few friends and found some regular community servers I enjoyed. From there, the game really began to grow on me. Now I'm enjoying the Competitive mode. Overall, the game no longer feels all that different from Source. The movement and pace is faster, the maps are all familiar but nicely revamped, and the graphics are really good... but at the heart of it, CS:GO is still very much the CS that we all know and love. Going back to Source, now that I'm used to GO, feels very dated and slow. This was a needed update, and one I'm thankful for. CS:GO is an excellent version of our favorite game. If you're still playing Source on a regular basis, you really should consider checking out GO, and not just one or two rounds. Give the game a good shot at winning you over. Like me, I think you'll find that it's the best version yet.
game-hours: 233.3
review: I die a lot.
game-hours: 765.4
review: good game
game-hours: 387.9
review: The Best Game EVER!!!
game-hours: 606.6
review: CS:GO For Life :)
game-hours: 931.6
review: Very good very swag
game-hours: 374.0
review: It's fun to play with friends :)
game-hours: 309.2
review: I know that in this game there are lots of children and people who use hacks, but this game is great.That adrenaline rush you get when you noscope someone in the head so beautifull.And the joy when you unbox a knife. Play it now!!!!! (also can i shoot people)
game-hours: 476.7
review: Total bullcrap with all the bad players and ranking system but otherwise I love Counter-Strike: Global Offensive! <3
game-hours: 916.9
review: Have fun not even being able to hit the sky!
game-hours: 1204.6
review: Too Good :)
game-hours: 1665.0
review: very good game.
game-hours: 23.7
review: best cod game to date
game-hours: 1321.6
review: 8/8 M8 -IGN
game-hours: 309.2
review: better than cod 10/10
game-hours: 2758.1
review: Better then C.O.D
game-hours: 245.0
review: Absolute Blast! Once you get past the steep learning curve, it is pretty much one of the best competetive multiplayer game. I recommend it to any one who enjoys multiplayer games.
game-hours: 78.0
review: I met a girl and we made love. 10/10
game-hours: 321.1
review: I Like.
game-hours: 355.6
review: Wooooooooooooooow Nice Game
game-hours: 625.3
review: :~~~)
game-hours: 1154.6
review: this is a very good game. I reccomend this game to all people that likes strategy and fps games . And you can trade items or buy some items on the market now. This game ruin my life 5/5
game-hours: 989.2
review: This game is so much fun it's always being updated making it better, and the skins! there just great.
game-hours: 1898.8
review: Good
game-hours: 78.0
review: Trailer made me . Game made me  twice. 10/10
game-hours: 1391.4
review: ,    ,       .
game-hours: 303.3
review: yi bir oyun
game-hours: 657.3
review: pretty much fun ;)
game-hours: 4.7
review: rooty tooty point n shooty: the game
game-hours: 1037.5
review: best game ever!
game-hours: 89.4
review: Shoot people, and have fun doing it.
game-hours: 993.1
review: If u Loved ''''CS 1.6'''' ; You Will LOVE '''''CS GO''''' To...!!!! :D
game-hours: 1034.4
review: Greatest Game EVER!!
game-hours: 541.4
review: Buy a Defuse Kit gosh.
game-hours: 1927.2
review: i like this game
game-hours: 202.6
review: this game is fun...
game-hours: 410.8
review: CS:GO is an excellent game with various weapons to choose from and modes to play. It is a fast paced FPS that can be played single or multi player. I personally like CS:GO because it is easy to follow and tons of fun. Extremely recommended for anyone who like FPS. There are few glitches in the game but overall, fantastic game. :)
game-hours: 699.9
review: It has stickers. STICKERS!
game-hours: 775.4
review: 10/10 spent over 250 hours, still silver stole 12343$ from me 10/10
game-hours: 465.3
review: Trying to derank. End up winning. 10/10.
game-hours: 9.0
review: ONE OF THE BEST GAMES EVER.The quotes from the CTs and Ts sound so real!The graphics are legit!It is overrall addicting.DAMN YOU BOT NILES!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1688.4
review: the best game ever
game-hours: 582.1
review: hands down dopest dope I ever smoked -sam towes
game-hours: 237.6
review: 10 / 10 best game
game-hours: 690.2
review: I see the potential in me playing this more, I am a total noob at the moment and this game takes more strategy (a lot more) than your run-of-the-mill FPS game. Very fun though, and I could get better with time.
game-hours: 840.5
review: THIS game is awesome and intense at the same time :D
game-hours: 751.2
review: Personaly i love this game and not just for the gameplay the selection of Skins for your guns are just awesome i recommend it for anyone who likes 1st person shooter games.
game-hours: 832.3
review: Straight upgrade from CS:S and CS 1.6
game-hours: 805.6
review: it good. buy
game-hours: 1306.7
review: not perfect but its the best  around atm
game-hours: 744.2
review: Great game, apparently very easy to hack. Tons of fun guns, but you'll only need 4... Scout, AK, M4, Deagle.
game-hours: 571.4
review: (y)
game-hours: 587.6
review: +
game-hours: 1416.7
review: plz make virtual knifes cheaper
game-hours: 102.8
review: Pew pew pew? Pew. WTF HACKER OMFG WTF WTF OMFGGGGGG. This game in other words. Better than cod. :D
game-hours: 296.0
review: CS: Go stands as a glowing reminder that quality game design is rewarded in longvity and variety. valve has not only updated the eshooter but has completely outclassed its contemporaries. This is Counter-Strike, whatever the format you choose to play it on, and there isn't a higher recommendation than that.
game-hours: 302.3
review: Great game. Easy to get used to, awesome gameplay. Maps are nice, never gets boring.
game-hours: 88.3
review: Great FPS game that takes a lot of skill to master but the reward is fantastic. Killing another player is so satisfying because you know you have to work for every kill. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 636.1
review: Very good and addictive game. I found it hard to get used to at the start but I gradually became better at the game as time went on. I would recommend this game to anyone interseted in First person shooters.
game-hours: 368.5
review: sdadasd
game-hours: 1352.8
review: greate game
game-hours: 679.7
review: Huono peli. Liian helppo. Liikaa venlisi. Liikaa junnuja.
game-hours: 1243.4
review: CS:GO offers a competitive matchmaking feature - unlike CS:S and CS. This feature also includes a ranking system which I think makes it even more exciting and it's a great way to easily find a match without having to use IRC, etc. In addition they've added molotov and decoy grenades, which I think is great even though I usually just go with the same old 2 flash, 1 nade, 1 smoke. Through recent updates, they added weapon skins and stickers. It basically means that you get to play with dolls as a guy. I think it's decent and it doesn't affect the gameplay in any way. If you were a fan of CS or CS:S, you'll probably like this game. You just gotta get used to it. I've seen many people complain about it at first but they all ended up loving it anyway. So, basically, what I'm saying is; If you liked the previous Counter-Strike games, you should definitely try this out, too. I recommend it.
game-hours: 551.6
review: The most great game i'v ever played & enjoyed the most.
game-hours: 1031.7
review: Perfect for losing days of your life to.
game-hours: 1956.0
review: 600 hours and counting, this game never gets old. You won't understand the level of competition and dedication you can put into this game until you play it. I would pay $60 for this game if I had to.
game-hours: 636.9
review: Pretty good :D but really annoying to open cases and get nothing good :(
game-hours: 1898.2
review: sex
game-hours: 721.5
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE
game-hours: 431.2
review: 11/12 would buy again
game-hours: 973.6
review: Game is Good, i like the game. Game is good to play. It's good game
game-hours: 53.5
review: Very nice, graphics are amazing. I also like the miscellaneous stuff in this game aswell. For example, the voices and hand models.          U HAVE BEEN SPOOKED BY THE    SPOOKY SKELENTON    SEND THIS TO 7 PPL OR SKELENTONS WILL EAT YOU
game-hours: 608.7
review: Best Game !
game-hours: 515.7
review: dahuja chiterov pidorov i russkih bomzej
game-hours: 290.6
review: GREAT GAME
game-hours: 1040.0
review: love this game <3
game-hours: 24.4
review: I originally played Global Offensive which is a decent game, however after moving to League of Legends i haven't felt the urge to go back as it plays much nicer and i prefer the control which you have over the CHAMPIONS. I also prefer it over CSGO as CSGO IS FULL OF GAY TRYHARDS which make it very easy to find A  SERVER with NOBODY BUT BOTS IN THE GAME. The competitive is also a  feature as it lets you see how good you are compared to every other er in the known universe but this feature just sucks on LoLs , that ing copy and paste game CSGO can't even make it's own game modes it just steals from LoL. 5v5 games are the ing best, CSGO IS LIKE 6V6 AND THAT IS GAY. Overall I think LEAGUE OF LEGENDSs a very good game and a real bargain for the price OF  ALL it is and would recommend you buy it; INSTEAD OF CSGO WITH ALL THE ING TRYHARD S howerererereeevevererveeereeveferver if you live somewhere er who uses all the internet bandwidth LIKE A ING PIECE OF ING  AND NEED TO UNINSTALL LIFE OR I WILL PERSONALLY CALL THE FBI AND FIND OUT WHAT ING HOLE THEY DUG YOU OUT OF where your ping is always over 70ms i would advise against getting it as it isn't very enjoyable with that ping. IT'S ALSO A RIP OF OF CARL ON DUTY BLACK COPS THAT GAME FOR THE N64 AND 3DS FFS YOU KNOW THOSE BSTARDS @ VALVEOLINE GAMES THINK TEHY CAN RIP OFF THE CONSUMER WITH THIER SEARCH OF DESTORY RIP OFF WELL IVE HAD ENOUGH OF THOSE FRICKING FRICKS I AM DONE WITH THOSE FRICKING FRICKS ADD ME ON YOUTUBE SAMMY SPACE TIME AND SONIC IS THE BEST GAME FRANCHISE AND SEGA HAVE REDEEMED SONIC STOP HATING ON SONIC AND PACMAN THE GHOSTLY ADVNTURES CAN SUCK MY MASSIVE HORSE  EBCAUSE IT'S ING TERRIBLE ON CSGO I EVEN USED THE CODE AND DEFEATED THE FINAL BOSS AND GUESS WHAT 1 LIFE NO CONTINUES THAT IS  ~Sammy
game-hours: 321.1
review: Great game. 1.6 revamped. New graphics and new gameplay. I would reccommend to anyone wanting to try a new FPS.
game-hours: 825.2
review: Awesome..a must have game.
game-hours: 768.1
review: An amazing take on the original game, that feels fresh but still familiar.
game-hours: 583.2
review: Love it, just miss the tagging from previous editions. Gun skins are nice, but some of the common ones are too common.
game-hours: 406.5
review: this game is good i like this game it is fun you should buy plz huehuehue XD XD !!1!!!11!!!!
game-hours: 908.4
review: I think this is a good game but needs a few updates to make a better hitbox!
game-hours: 72.1
review: You can buy stickers for your guns. 10/10
game-hours: 452.3
review: One of the best games I've ever played!
game-hours: 170.3
review: It has been more than ten years (Released in 1999) since the Counter-Strike franchise took off. Counter-Strike was first released by Valve on the Microsoft Windows platform in 2000. The game later spawned a franchise, and is the first installment in the Counter-Strike series. As of August 2011, the Counter-Strike franchise has sold over 25 million units. This game has made professional gamers you see today. As Valve released Counter-Strike: GO (Global Offensive) The franchise even got more popular. Earlier it was announced that Counter-Strike: GO was the second most played Valve game that they have ever made. Amazing! That show's how many people play and love this great game. I really recommend this game
game-hours: 28.8
review: Very good. Refreshingly solid hitscan weapon physics, very precise. Great graphics, good interface (especially camera post-death) and most importantly no mmo free2play2pay2win unlock progression persistent . Tense and satisfying, classic and modern. The price is also good.
game-hours: 815.9
review: It's a good game
game-hours: 629.0
review: epic game
game-hours: 1090.0
review: its okay
game-hours: 354.7
review: WHY THE  IS THERE STICKERS I MEAN I STILL RECOMMEND THIS GAME BUT SRSLY GAME WHAT IS THIS
game-hours: 673.7
review: Pretty good game if you're into fps games. Feels good in general, you dont need a great computer to get AT LEAST 60 fps. Plus there is a competitive mod which is awesome.. When you don't get hackers. But still, want a competitive shooter? Here's your game.
game-hours: 0.4
review: MY Best Game
game-hours: 24.1
review: EXTREME addictive game that I recommend to everyone! That has so far impressed with Counter Strike games, then they will really like it, because this game is superior to its predecessors. Great job, Hidden Path, Valve!
game-hours: 2141.8
review: 10/10
game-hours: 108.7
review: Same game as its always been. Fun times with weapons and friends.
game-hours: 472.7
review: Counter-Duty: Modern Offensive
game-hours: 1110.6
review: best game ever :o
game-hours: 1145.6
review: I own this AND COD Ghosts. Ghosts is unbelievably boring, but this is just so fun. Mainly because there aren't 6 year old quickscoping  or people who set up the campiest LMG classes.
game-hours: 298.2
review: People ask all the time "What makes this better than CS:Souce? Why should I buy this if I already have Counter Strike?" It's a good question. To be honest, it is, for the most part, the same game. Similar gameplay, Terrorists, Counter Terrorists, bombs, hostages... the whole deal. The graphics are updated, which is nice of course, they added bot AI, which helps to fill up teams when a bunch of people suddenly leave, and there are slight changes in the armory, as there are in each game (Riot Shields in Condition Zero, Molotovs in Global Offensive, etc.), but that's not what sets it apart. My favorite part of CS:GO is the options to help you quickly find a game, of any official gamemode, with actual players in it (and maybe some bots, too). The most agravating part of playing CS:S, CS:CZ, or any other version, is finding servers. "Okay, this one is a map and gamemode I'd like to play! Oh... there's no one here." "Oh look, a server with plenty of people in it! What the hell? Why do I run so fast? What's going on?! What is a "Surf" server?" "Okay, fine. One last server. If this doesn't work, I'm out. Okay, look promising so far... OH FFS! JAILBREAK AGAIN! I'm out." The worst part of this was that I never learned how to actually play Counter Strike! I understood that I needed to shoot the enemy, but I didn't know the strategies for the maps, how well each gun worked, or even where the bombsite really was! But no more! Since getting CS:GO, I've learned to play and actually enjoy Counter Strike! And it's really fun! Like, addictively fun! As in, I have a problem, please separate me from this game so I can focus on the important things! Nevermind, give it back! I wants it... the precious... Anyway, yeah. If you have no problem with playing nothing but community servers, there's no huge advantage to CS:GO. Some different weapons, new maps, some alternate gamemodes (Demolition is like Defuse, but smaller maps and more fast paced. It's really fun, actually!) And it has those Surf and Jailbreak mods in the community servers too, don't worry. If you want to play counterstrike for the sake of counterstrike, get this. If you just want it to play Garry's Mod and you have little interest in actual CS, just get Source. And whichever way you go, Enjoy!
game-hours: 1824.4
review: It's ok.
game-hours: 1484.1
review: PLAY HARD GO PRO :)
game-hours: 693.3
review: Superb Game.!! Tests your skills for concentration power and reaction time!!! The added skins and tasks make it that much more competitive to fight hard to earn it!!!! Hats off to the developers of CS:GO as well as contributors who helped increase the variety of skins and maps!!! keep it up!!
game-hours: 1459.4
review: BEST
game-hours: 594.3
review: cool
game-hours: 62.3
review: What to say about CS? Global Offensive brings new modes, new maps and the usual amount of community support and horde of meaningless achievements. What's not to love?
game-hours: 809.9
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 118.1
review: swag
game-hours: 528.2
review: ya get it.
game-hours: 347.4
review: best game btw.. ._.
game-hours: 276.9
review: This game is cool. The competitive is my favorite part... the casual is good for just playing around if you're bored.
game-hours: 1566.8
review: Maybe good game, but not best (jw best). Top Player  Top Choice. And so on...
game-hours: 721.0
review: good game ;)
game-hours: 442.0
review: Helvetin hyv peli, ostakaa!
game-hours: 181.7
review: :)
game-hours: 149.9
review: Much like it's predicessor, CS:GO is a groundbreaking addition to the FPS genre, the realistic simulation of weapon physics and military SOP such as, but not limited to, rank;units;chain of command; team and leadership skills. Like most autistic children, I have a deep, almost sexual love for stickers and colorful patterns so when I see a game with both for guns, I had a light heart attack. As for suggestions and complaints, I don't really have any... other than it hasn't really changed since condition zero... the awp needs to be nerfed, people keep getting rekt... the matchmaking was made by the antichrist...perhaps make it with prerendered loadouts like a CoD game... Overall, I'd say I was globally offended 10/10
game-hours: 881.4
review: With a simple recommedation, I recommend you this next valve impression wich is based on Counter-Strike 1.6 that is known for every one of us. With high model and textures,sweet gameplay,powerful weapons,matchranking and game modes it involves you in the world of shooter gaming.
game-hours: 84.0
review: 5/5
game-hours: 330.0
review: Great balanced FPS where the competetive scene is a step away from Pubs, even though the skill gap is as wide as... a wide thing.
game-hours: 610.4
review: Dis gaem is 4 pros only srry.
game-hours: 656.5
review: a must-buy game for any fps fan
game-hours: 364.2
review: I recommend to buy this game! It is good gameplay and good inaf craphicks :D. 10/5
game-hours: 393.5
review: First I was afraid, I was petrified thought I'd never get a frag without you by my side and then I spent so many rounds just camping out all on my own and I grew strong and now i'm defusing the bomb. And now i'm back so shut your face you cannot play as good as me you're such a fat disgrace weren't you the one who left me playing on my own all up to me, the VIP. No chance not I, I will survive, as long as I have bomber then I know I'll stay alive and now you're back and expect weapons thrown for free but I'm saving all my money for an AWP. CT's arrive, you won't survive because the second I see with my colt you're gonna die You just TK and keep the frags off of your own but hey get ready man for planitudes of  now that you're on. You say it's dark and that you cannot tell the teams apart, but that line's old and not as fresh as pepper chili farts. You just want kills you do not care about your team you beam them 37 times but keep on coming back in clean. He's in the pipes, out on the lawn, you're cheating tell me why the hell FORCECHASECAM isn't on, we can't do  by simply banning your IP, someone bring on down the console, and you ban his WON ID. Oh no not I, I will survive, no matter how much you are cheating, well I know I'll stay alive. You might have speed cheats on, or wallhacks on to see, by I've got the same ones running, so just try and  with me. Nothing left to do, I blew your team away, the scores are 29 to 3 and your team cannot play. The final round is coming in, and you have not one ounce of class, so you can take your stupid AK shove it right up in your . Now time is running out, five minutes on the clock, you lost your gun, you lost your style, your playing shuttle . It's you and me, it's one on one, so one must die, now I'm zooming in my reticle, so baby it's goodbye. Oh no not I, I will survive, can you remember when you fragged me and I lost my life. So many months ago, that match was far away, but now so sudden when I beat you you've got nothing left to say.
game-hours: 1294.7
review: Fun FPS!
game-hours: 199.6
review: One of my favorites and a must have on steam a 9 out of 10 in my opinion. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive has a strong community and lots of people to play with so give it a shot.
game-hours: 684.3
review: We need 128 tick servers for the Matchmaking ques!
game-hours: 335.2
review: It ruined my life. I have no more friends. No more family. No more life. Help me.
game-hours: 382.3
review: FUN
game-hours: 239.5
review: Fun compet game!
game-hours: 895.4
review: Although it may have its flaws, it is a pretty good game. Like every recent Valve game, it has its own little economy, which takes place on the Steam Community Marketplace. You could easily make a quick buck selling skins that you find throughout each week. The weapons occassionally get changed through updates, and will cause you to re-learn the ones that have been changed. Overall, pretty good.
game-hours: 629.4
review: So sexy
game-hours: 306.6
review: Tulee hyvt 5/5 print tst Eessn kera
game-hours: 445.8
review: sxy game
game-hours: 1077.9
review: MADAFAKA GT TR 5 EURO?
game-hours: 254.8
review: Ruined my life 19/10 :D
game-hours: 776.7
review: Competitive mode is awsome! Nostalgia! CS 1.6 Competitive play!
game-hours: 929.1
review: nice.........
game-hours: 528.6
review: xx
game-hours: 978.3
review: dis gam is gud i leik it
game-hours: 98.3
review: this game is really really cool, i like this game this is awesome
game-hours: 162.0
review: Lots of fun here. If your wondering why your not getting drops anymore is because they limit 5 per week.
game-hours: 1527.1
review: Classic Game ever.
game-hours: 168.3
review: Yes
game-hours: 480.0
review: I was really looking forward to the new game mode "arms race" but I was dissapointed when I found out you ran around on your feet. 0/10
game-hours: 704.2
review: I now know what it is like to be addicted to something. I hear AK-47 shots going off in my head when I try to sleep.
game-hours: 423.8
review: awesome
game-hours: 1260.0
review: It may lack some of the community niceties, beloved maps (Assault, anyone?), and little features of past games, but Global Offensive delivers on the promise of a faithful, polished, and better looking Counter-Strike for whoever wants it. Even if the community doesn't meet the golden standard of 1.6 and Source, CS:GO will remain a multiplayer classic for those willing to put in the time to learn the maps and weapons.
game-hours: 1247.1
review: GAME!
game-hours: 269.6
review: Nice Game..
game-hours: 973.0
review: un rivaled FPS game
game-hours: 964.8
review: Great Game Of CS
game-hours: 520.1
review: Fun game to play:))))))
game-hours: 1574.1
review: <3 CS:GO
game-hours: 58.8
review: I was never really into Counter-Strike before and even when I played it during a free weekend I was not impressed. When all of my friends started playing it, I picked it up so I could play with them. I love all of the weapons and maps that you can play on and the community adds even more. The level of teamwork and tactics in CS:GO is higher than any other online shooter out there which I really enjoy. I soon got caught up in this game and it is my go to shooter.
game-hours: 287.9
review: very good
game-hours: 515.6
review: Great game. Not your usually shooter. Uses strategy, tactics, and skill.
game-hours: 1812.7
review: My turban still dirty but this game is so good.
game-hours: 748.9
review: Extremely strategy based game. I am still having more fun playing this game than any other shooter i've ever played. Well seasoned and new gamers can play this game and take something from it.
game-hours: 929.4
review: CS:GO?   .    ,       ,     .  -- CS:GO (, ,   ).  -,     :    "   "         " ".   ,  ,   .  ,      ,     ,     (""         ).    11     99  .    (   ,    ,    ,         )    --  ,    -   Counter-strike.       !  , , :   ,    ,           (,     ).       . ,         P90,       ,            --      .    :       (  !),   -  ,      , , ,  ...        --  .       .   ,  , --    . ,  ,     , ,         . ... !    .          GO       ,   1.6,  -10    .  .  .  , ,     --       . , ,    ,    ?
game-hours: 1061.3
review: this game really  aweasome XD
game-hours: 1288.2
review: Very solid legacy to counter strike 1.6
game-hours: 1107.6
review: Say bye to your life already
game-hours: 500.1
review: For my English 101 class i had to write a review of something so i ended up reviewing this game and here is my review hope you enjoy. A series of Counter Strike games have been released in the past and with COunter Strike Global Offensive it has changed first person shooters. With the Creativity of the steam community they continue to change and make the game a new experience each time. Averaging 3.5 million unique players each month new ideas are displayed about every hour each day. This game is meant for people who both like FPS and are completely new to them. Players who are new or kist playing it for fun, the casual section of gameplay allows these players to experience the game on a non-competitive level. The casual section breaks down into four sub sections being deathmatch, arms race, demolition, and casual classic. Deathmatch is the perfect place to play a quick warm up game and allows players to practice using guns that they havent used before. Arms race is just like gun game from other fps games but sets the guns to 27 and it is a quick paced game and really fun if you play with a lot of friends. Demo gives the feeling of casual classic but it only has one bomb site and it is hard to plant before the counter-terrorist are dead or the terrorist are dead plus it has generally small maps. For me this is not the gamemode for me but if you want to play a quick 20-25 minute game without people yelling at you then this a good choice to play. Casual is in my opinion the game type that is most like competitive but again without the ranting and arguing of players when you lose. The couple of things that are annoying is unlike comp it only goes to 15 rounds and you dont switch sides. This does create a somewhat of an unfair game since some maps are sided towards either CT or T. With that being said I think casual is very relaxed and calming without people yelling in the microphone. Now here is where there is a lot of frustration, and annoyance but will always be fun to play. Even though I personally dont think this is the best in the game i do think it is second and a close best feature of the game. There are a lot of takeaways from comp but like any competitive game there are negatives. The competitive game type nevers gets old with different operations coming out every three-four months. Communication is key in this game and with ingame voice there are a lot of negatives but ill get to that. On most days youll get into a game with respectable nice people that dont really get mad and yell. Comp gives every player the rush to want to be the best rank, or the best player in the current lobby. Like all games you can leave midway but in this game it punishes the players to a 15-7day ban from comp. These bans are completely random so it does force people to stay in the game. With Comp it is a 30-90 minute game where it lasts 30 rounds and does switch roles to balance the game. Unlike most FPS CSGO doesnt allow players to aim down sights unless it has a scope and this is where i believe luck and skill comes in and it enhances the gameplay. Players will normally understand if you dont know the callouts on the map and will tend to help some try hard players are not so forgiving. Another great part that i can think of is valve put in chickens that roam around the maps and during the holidays they will add stuff to the chickens. Ex. last week they put in cheers and balloons so each time you killed them those would come out. The chickens can also be used to figure out where the enemies are if one happens to see it killed. The way that the game balances the skill of players is the best, they will put same skill ranks together and dont really allow high ranks to play with the low ranks. With all of the positive ideas there are sadly always negatives. CSGO community consists of people who do try a little too hard and care too much about the game. I have been in games where teammates will constantly yell into the mic just talking trash to each other and it really doesnt help them to do better. Personally i dislike like the little kids that come into the game swearing and commanding the adults on what to do and i know most of my friends feel the same way, they are called Squeakers. At times players that arent good enough to play the game will try to cheat and try to get an advantage over the other players. They will use hacks, such as a wallhack or an aimbot. There are other programs but i am not familiar with them. Also players who have been playing for a while and reached a high rank cant compete with their current rank players so they make a new account and face new people, these are called Smurfs. I know that i am missing a lot of things that people find negative about this game but these are my big negatives. Where all of the creativity in this game comes from is from the workshop and it is so vital to this game. I find this the best feature due to all of the stuff that you can make and it can be used in the game. The developers allowed players to make their own custom skins for the guns in the game and if it gets voted up by the community then it can be added the to the game and you can make money off of it. Right now there are skins that cost 450$ but there are a lot of cheap ones the expensive guns are the knives. Not only can you make skins you can make stickers that can go through the same process to get into the game. People can also make their own maps but i have yet to try that feature but i have seen some nice maps. Valve added crate drops into the game to that contains chances at getting a rare skin for the gun or knife but it can cost 1$ or so for the case and 2.50$ for the keys. I find this gambling system not worth the money so I recommend selling the cases because they do add up each week. I ended up with 25$ from drops and bought copies of the game for two of my friends. With having only 240 hours invested in the game i have seen people with over 2,000 hours so that means that it must be an amazing game for someone to have that much time put into this game.
game-hours: 327.7
review: chickens
game-hours: 298.6
review: This is a very good game.
game-hours: 441.5
review: love it
game-hours: 39.8
review: I have been following Counter-Stike Since the Start. I will always support them because not one game that they have relesed is bad. They are always good. 5 out of 5
game-hours: 749.6
review: Epic !!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 424.7
review: It's counter strike, nothing more to say really
game-hours: 1617.7
review: When you play a game for over 10 years, you know it's good....
game-hours: 383.5
review: It's good I guess
game-hours: 781.4
review: nice
game-hours: 595.1
review: One of the best games BY FAR! It's honestly a different kind of first person shooter. 10/10
game-hours: 706.0
review: so good i don't remember the last time i went outside
game-hours: 43.3
review: i like dis game (/o0o)/
game-hours: 322.0
review: Love this Counter Strike. Gameplay - It is competitive , fun and includes a range of great weapons and maps that provide hours of fun. Teams - Can play as Counter Terrorists and Terrorists around the world featuring the famous SAS, IDF and other special forces. Community - A great friendly community that play a range of game modes including competitive, demolition, casual and hostage rescue. Great with friends and highly recommend the competitive play. I hope people out there who havent tried any Counter Strikes such as Source or Global Offensive buy both of these great classics and enjoy this truely awesome Valve game. See ya !
game-hours: 2357.3
review: jjjgjfjfjf
game-hours: 1113.9
review: CS1.6 < CS:GO
game-hours: 514.7
review: Meh....
game-hours: 1703.4
review: Would recommend this game to anyone and everyone out there that likes FPS. Best one out there, hands down. 11/10
game-hours: 885.5
review: xd
game-hours: 1132.6
review: Best game EVAR!
game-hours: 633.5
review: A MUST GET GAME
game-hours: 426.7
review: This game is Highly ADDICTIVE - Drives you crazy if you are doing badly but when you start winning it's awesome :D
game-hours: 1214.4
review: Best game NA. Needs more Aztec tho.
game-hours: 486.4
review: You will play and get better, then you will get annoyed at all who aren't good... Then you will buy keys to get skins and lose lots of money. Overall you will have fun. CS:GO 2014
game-hours: 340.5
review: Destoryed my job. 15/10 would play my whole life.
game-hours: 671.0
review: I like this game :D
game-hours: 2343.2
review: unique game ! :)
game-hours: 445.1
review: Best FPS Shooting game EVER!!!
game-hours: 575.5
review: A good  game, there's no more what to say !! ;)
game-hours: 39.8
review: I have been following Counter-Stike Since the Start. I will always support them because not one game that they have relesed is bad. They are always good. 5 out of 5
game-hours: 749.6
review: Epic !!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 424.7
review: It's counter strike, nothing more to say really
game-hours: 1617.7
review: When you play a game for over 10 years, you know it's good....
game-hours: 383.5
review: It's good I guess
game-hours: 329.7
review: This is goood
game-hours: 254.3
review: Eu no esperava que fosse gostar de jogar tanto ! Ao contrario da maioria dos jogos FPS de hoje, o CS:GO prova que voc pode se divertir sem se preocupar sobre cashers. Outra parte muito boa  o dinheiro que voc consegue fazer com o game. Se divertir sem stress e ganhar algumas moedas em troca  fantstico ! Recomendo !
game-hours: 625.4
review: Personally, Counter Strike is one of the most outstanding FPS (First-Person Shooter) franchise to be established. They deliver so many things that has increased the fans over the years. It is also welcoming to new players all around. To that, I recommend the game, with a sick gameplay and awesome content.
game-hours: 465.0
review: Such a great game!!! I bought this to get away from moba games and dammm this game was a great choice
game-hours: 3174.4
review: Great game and love the skins! Just a wonderful experience!
game-hours: 1422.4
review: Fricken epic fun game and if you dont have it you suck
game-hours: 590.5
review: Still a better love story than Twilight.
game-hours: 949.1
review: skins,skins,skins,boxes,boxes,skins,boxes,skins,skins,boxes,keys,skins,skins,KNIFES,boxes!!!!!!
game-hours: 330.6
review: Loads of fun and simple to get into. The skill learning curve is pleasant and rewarding, but as they say, practise pays off with this one.
game-hours: 1157.5
review: nice game....remind me of my old skool memory playing CS at CC with friend while not going to school
game-hours: 1132.6
review: Best game EVAR!
game-hours: 633.5
review: A MUST GET GAME
game-hours: 426.7
review: This game is Highly ADDICTIVE - Drives you crazy if you are doing badly but when you start winning it's awesome :D
game-hours: 1214.4
review: Best game NA. Needs more Aztec tho.
game-hours: 486.4
review: You will play and get better, then you will get annoyed at all who aren't good... Then you will buy keys to get skins and lose lots of money. Overall you will have fun. CS:GO 2014
game-hours: 826.6
review: Even though I have only played a short amount of time on Counter Strike Global Offencive, I feel as if I can put down a compitent review. At first, I hated this game. That was two years back now, when I had first truly switched over from console gaming to PC gaming. I would comment on how I could never hit anything and how everyone else seemed to have pin point accuracy. This was just ignorance and lack of knowledge of the game, obviously. However, now, things are much different. In the past two week, I have really been putting some time into CS:GO and pushing myself to get better. Unfortunately, I tend to grow angry with game very quickly. Especially first person shooters as I feel that I am good at the genre. Oh, how nieve I was. This game is a real challenge to those who have never touched a Counter Strike game on the PC in their lives. I have played CS:GO on the Xbox 360 and Counter Strike back on the Playstation 2 and thinking I would dominate on the PC too was stupid of me to believe. As I said, the game is a challenge and without the experience, you will be walked over. However, if you are willing to put the time and effort into the game, as I have finally brought myself to doing, you will begin to enjoy the game. Though this can take a great deal of time and you wont be dominating every game like you may do in other first person shooters like Call Of Duty and Battlefield, you will still feel and improvement. And unlike those other games, you will continue to feel like you are improving. Now, I am by no means saying I am good at this game, as I am very unconsistent with my results, sometimes scoring well and sometimes scoring poorly, but my point still stands. Heck, I feel that just playing CS:GO has improved my aim in Battlefield 3 too. Although, I didn't find myself improving at all until I switched the cross hair to "Classic". This is a nice feature as I did find the CS:GO cross hair to be at all useful for me and couldn't hit anything with it. Something I have to note on this game is the crate system. I am still on the fence about this as it seems like a good concept but in practice, especially for me, it falls flat. You unlock the crates by playing each game mode in CS:GO and each grate holes different rewards and one of those rewards is given to you at random. Now, this seems great, you are getting skins for your weapons for simply playing the game. It kept me engaged for a good few hours as I was desperate to bag myself a crate. However, this is were it falls flat for me. All my effort, yes, for a poor crate with little in seems to go to waist when I first find out that I cant actually open the crate without spending money on a key for said crate. This is like a kick in the nuts and a middle finger to the player. I mean, picture this, you have just grinded for a good crate by playing all the game modes over and over and even bought a pass for the events that take place, to then be told you need a key to open something you have worked hard for. It makes no sense and seems like a blatent cash grab from Valve. Even though there is a blatent cash grab by the developers, I still enjoy this game and will continue to play it in the future. I recomend this to anyone whom hasn't played it and wants to get into a competitive multiplayer first person shooter.
game-hours: 344.0
review: this is pretty cool game
game-hours: 71.1
review: Good Game
game-hours: 422.2
review: Really Really nice shooter game!
game-hours: 2359.7
review: such game, much wow
game-hours: 1075.6
review: great game
game-hours: 31.5
review: This game is amazing! I recomend it to people. But would really be good is if the terrorists could move the hostages.
game-hours: 410.5
review: A game where if you kill the entire enemy team you get called a 'Hacker' using 'Aimbot' and you get kicked from the game. Also it's great spending 1.50 to open a crate you win ingame, where 99% of the time you will recieve a gun worth 2p. All players have 100HP. And it's great when you get 11 hits giving 99 damage to the enemy. Yet you get hit once and die. If you can withstand these frustrations. CS is the game for you! 9.7/10
game-hours: 533.9
review: HAcking sob
game-hours: 823.6
review: They smoke weed. I smoke mid.
game-hours: 228.0
review: this game was made from 2012 but it still good now, 9/10 for this game i think
game-hours: 60.8
review: If you like other Counter Strike's and FPS's then I suggest you to buy Counter Strike: Global Offensive. Its really fun game, I really enjoy getting Achievement, I like new design. Its better than other CS series. Its good for starters, they can get into playing CS's easy using CS:GO. I suggest you to buy it, you won't lose much with 10$, but you will get a nice game which you'll love.
game-hours: 1028.6
review: 11/9 would bang
game-hours: 584.2
review: THIS IS THE BEST RAGE SIMULATOR EVEEERRR!!! 10/1
game-hours: 456.1
review: 15/10 Virtual knives cost more than the actual thing #ByeCreditcard
game-hours: 1028.6
review: 11/9 would bang
game-hours: 584.2
review: THIS IS THE BEST RAGE SIMULATOR EVEEERRR!!! 10/1
game-hours: 456.1
review: 15/10 Virtual knives cost more than the actual thing #ByeCreditcard
game-hours: 1099.6
review: CS:GO IS THE
game-hours: 330.7
review: wheres the ads
game-hours: 865.8
review: I like the whole game! All of its features are well designed!
game-hours: 31.8
review: nice
game-hours: 83.6
review: Excellent game.
game-hours: 448.6
review: Its good
game-hours: 841.5
review: Awesome game , you should try it out
game-hours: 313.9
review: Yeah I guess you could say I am pretty good at this game. Shooting guns is sort of my thing.
game-hours: 2085.3
review: GG WP
game-hours: 431.5
review: Best game ever.. :csgohelmet: :csgocross:
game-hours: 449.1
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 1210.4
review: Better than COD! :D
game-hours: 768.0
review: Teamwork is still the strongest part of this game and that's good to see. CS:GO keeps the core of what CS was back in the 90's and 2000's but with a clean, fresh look.
game-hours: 98.9
review: Best $15 dollars ever spent. I would recomend this game to everyone who is in for a bit of fun. And there is only one thing to say about this game, you either die like a noob or you live long enough to be called a hacker and be reported. 11/10
game-hours: 110.6
review: Oo
game-hours: 1500.6
review: Really awesome game! I can recommend buying it! :)
game-hours: 1267.2
review: Try it, it's fun <3 <3 <3 ;-)
game-hours: 858.4
review: aaaa
game-hours: 521.3
review: Cool.Competative.Teamwork.
game-hours: 692.7
review: its VERY fun for trolling
game-hours: 652.3
review: Brilliant sequel to 1.6. Haven't seen many players complaining about it either. For me, it get's boring after some time, but I still play lots. Though I'm not a pro, you should play with full commitment and become one, if you adore this game that much. 10/10.
game-hours: 539.0
review: This is a really good and one of the best first person shooter exist. If you do not own this buy this now.
game-hours: 913.4
review: BEST GAME SCREWED MY 10 YEARS ....
game-hours: 831.3
review: I play this game almost daily now.
game-hours: 480.1
review: Best Gaem Ev0r
game-hours: 320.3
review: my friend bought me this game and so far i think this game if i where to have bought it with my own money is worth it
game-hours: 468.9
review: It is okay. I give it a 10.
game-hours: 190.5
review: Best chicken killing simulator of the century. 10/10
game-hours: 2252.5
review: WOW!
game-hours: 24.9
review: CounTer STrikE : GoBaL OFFenSivE Is inG AweSom3 n New Cs For ThE FuTurE.....\M/
game-hours: 424.2
review: Don't buy this game if you plan on seeing the sun again.
game-hours: 671.3
review: Good
game-hours: 893.7
review: best :D
game-hours: 1041.2
review: this game plays true to life just as 1.6 did. i greatly appreciate this version going back to the fundamentals that the game was meant to have. absolutely recommend this game to anyone who is up for a challenge!
game-hours: 876.0
review: Yeah.... I've been trying to get this game from some time. When i got it i realised that there were skins released in this and discovered that there are knifes and the most expensive knife can go to 500$ So i finally thought to sell my kidney and get a cool knife so that i can show off and the time is not far when my 2nd kidney will also be missing. Thats why i give it 5/5 . This game is 2 gud for a kidney , Its worth to sell one for knife and skins.It is so interesting that all kind of people will add you up to trade and they are quite interesting
game-hours: 2640.6
review: one of the best co op games in the cs series feauters many updates and cool weapon skins
game-hours: 29.1
review: awesome game
game-hours: 914.4
review: Love the game, one of the best FPS shooters on the market, brilliant competitive portion of the game, really fun to play with your friends.
game-hours: 165.3
review: Too hard for me... I'm too much of a pleb
game-hours: 1013.0
review: This is a great game, much harder and has a much greater skill cap compared to COD
game-hours: 1237.2
review: This game is DOPE! but i hate it whrn you get banned, lol
game-hours: 247.4
review: Money taking simulator
game-hours: 280.0
review: i like it :)
game-hours: 1240.4
review: The game is great. the only problem with the game is the tickrate. Tickrate is the way that servers in csgo refresh. by that I mean that every action you do is not the same thing in the demo. especialy on 64 tickrate. wich basicly Delays the game/make you look like a wallhacker/ and ect. 128 ticket pros you hit way more shots the movment is improoved because your game can refresh your actions faster and the cons of 128 ticket. fps issues pros of 64 tick. uhhh everything is delayed so it takes longer to a player to react to your movment and high fps cons of 64tick Hit Registration .
game-hours: 747.4
review: this game is gr8 m8, ill r8 8/8.
game-hours: 968.6
review: Really difficult full of great players, a game you need to spend a lot of time on!!
game-hours: 1073.2
review: Vahet lheb hsti.
game-hours: 325.1
review: goood game gamers
game-hours: 1004.9
review: 10/10 Game!
game-hours: 1172.1
review: FU VALVE, KEEP MAKE PROMOTIONS SO HACKERS CAN BUY NEW ACC. GO  URSELF GABE PROFIT GREEEDY FATASS
game-hours: 509.6
review: Finaly a hacker free CS with competitive quickplay. Two thumbs up!
game-hours: 1582.7
review: sometimes you can shoot someone sometimes they shoot you this game is hard
game-hours: 765.4
review: good game
game-hours: 961.0
review: Awesome waste of time!
game-hours: 407.8
review: Krzysiu nie potrafi w to gra.
game-hours: 517.8
review: This is a good game :>
game-hours: 1147.1
review: This game is easily my favorite game right now. The amount of teamwork needed to do well is really astounding, and it's really fun. I'd recommend this game to anyone.
game-hours: 975.5
review: Such game.
game-hours: 299.8
review: I always play another FPS like COD or Battlefield instead of CS. I just try this game and it's very addictive because the competitive part and the stress when we play 1 vs 3 or something like that. We can get item drops and that's awesome because we can sell them and make some money to buy more games. It's a never ending circle. If you like FPS you need try this and see how much fun you can get.
game-hours: 743.3
review: Awesome !
game-hours: 441.1
review: Good game , well balanced Competetive game. Nut one thing i want to valve to fix : Crashing . Gettin 7 days of cooldown isnt cool when you crash while joining back to the competetive game. Plz valve fix crashing becaus i like this game.
game-hours: 839.9
review: GAYAGAYEGAYTGAYGAYGAYGAYGAY
game-hours: 174.4
review: ez good
game-hours: 765.8
review: You'll need a good computer for this game, but very interesting gameplay, sometime a bit slow, but overall very competitiv.
game-hours: 714.1
review: AWESOME GAME .
game-hours: 1182.5
review: Like I don't even know what to say. Probily one of my favorite games of all time.
game-hours: 405.7
review: I was able to 360 someone with a Knife
game-hours: 632.1
review: Oh boy, lets get started... This game is like snorting pure 100% grade A cocaine that costs $10,000 to the pound. This game is most likely the best thing to ever be made. I also love how this was brought to Xbox, even though the OG one was aswell... It is still great, the only problem is that you NEED a good computer. If your RAM can handle Counter Strike: Source, it doesn't mean it can handle Counter Strike: Global Offensive. This game can run slow as hell, but if your RAM is good, and you have a decent Wi-Fi, this game is like seeing a dragon fly out of a microwave. (Komodo Dragon that is), it's so cool, your breathe is taken away...
game-hours: 357.4
review: Dont Get Me F*cking starterd about this game it is one of my favourite games ever it is so adicting and fun just go CSGO if you dont like well you can suck my balls
game-hours: 828.5
review: Good Game you should play it if you have it, you should get it if you dont !
game-hours: 890.3
review: Been playing the Counter Strike series by Valve for about 10 years now, pretty great series imo. Definitely better than Call of Doodoo, Halo and Battlefield 10/10 would buy.
game-hours: 1048.4
review: 11/10 Shot a CT with a deagle, landed on its head. Swag.
game-hours: 292.1
review: better than cod battlefield, worse than old cs
game-hours: 1128.3
review: le fun, XD XD XD trol trol
game-hours: 890.3
review: this game is not fun it is double plus fun
game-hours: 950.4
review: Awesome game...if you want a classic shooter, "Counter Strike" is the right choice.
game-hours: 574.5
review: Totally Addictive.. a must play FPS
game-hours: 382.2
review: Easy-Peasy Lemon Squeezy!
game-hours: 295.5
review: AMAAAZING BETTER THAN CS 1.6. Ok my review is done increase my steam level XD
game-hours: 285.2
review: thx valve for linux port
game-hours: 348.6
review: +Good game +Trading Items +Cheap items +Engine +Graphics +Most FPS +MAPS ARE AWESOME! -Noobs and Kids... +I can troll with voice chat :D :B1:
game-hours: 1287.6
review: Great game but needs more improvements and 128 tick servers
game-hours: 658.6
review: best game ever dawg
game-hours: 1411.8
review: Really nice
game-hours: 33.0
review: Greate shooter. It includes some of the nostalgia from the old CS's. I like it for a quick game, buth when the time is right i will be sitting in a loby for hours and be playing. Owerall its a game you wanna pick up if for fun or serious play.
game-hours: 650.3
review: hala eskisi gibi oynatyor.
game-hours: 1054.2
review: Hello, my friend wants to trade with you, but he cant (steam error). Please add him here:
game-hours: 411.9
review: I really like this game it gets really addicting once you play it.
game-hours: 1066.1
review: Its a MUST if you are into FPS. It is a perfect opportunity if you have not got into Counter-Strike games yet. If youve played previous for a long time there are things changed that you might not be as happy about. In general it is very easy to navigate from simple Deathmatch/Arm Race(Gun Game) games to Casual and Competitive games. Ranks are really good to see how good that player is(unless its a lwo rank hacker that will ruin your rank, but i havent seen a single hacker in Competitive yet). In other words its the game ive played the most on my account and still loving it. Must Get!
game-hours: 227.3
review: Eh, Good Game - You Can Shoot People - You can buy stuff - You need skill When People Say This Game Is Bad Im Globaly Offended HEYOOOOOOOOOOOOO
game-hours: 114.3
review: dis game is really fun if u would liek to get yelled at by frostgod cause he get r3kt by low elo noobs and throws it mik acros the rum and yells for more pepsi
game-hours: 646.5
review: Its ok
game-hours: 1245.1
review: hihihehe
game-hours: 476.7
review: This games is awesome :D
game-hours: 461.7
review: this game is ing awesome
game-hours: 150.8
review: BALA
game-hours: 870.6
review: Better than social life
game-hours: 269.6
review: The perfect sequel to CS:S, this game will pay for itself with its skin drops. Absolutely worth purchasing.
game-hours: 529.8
review: Very nice.
game-hours: 49.5
review: As an ex call of duty player this game was more than an average change in tone from your regular fps. Despite not having jaw dropping graphical fidelity and advanced texture tessalation like some of the next gen games do, and not having as many features as other AAA fps games do. CS:GO makes for a unique take and updated version of a mod-born fps franchise that exceeds quailty over quanity. While it may seem lacking in basic things that fps games have become accustomed to like leveling up, you quickly begin to appriciate that GO is a game that wants to stand out as something different. Every different feature gives GO an inch and when you start to add those features and differences together you start to find that CS is slowly taking over the fps stage. 1 inch at at time. For all time fps fans this game will keep you playing until you look at your watch thinking what felt like an hour, turned into six. That's the mark of a great game. Personal rating (my oppinion): 9/10
game-hours: 1024.4
review: it is a great game
game-hours: 642.1
review: Immersive Gameplay, decked out in skins and chickens.
game-hours: 243.5
review: ool Game!
game-hours: 224.2
review: This Game Is Gud But At The Same Time Bad
game-hours: 989.6
review: asd
game-hours: 466.3
review: best game in the world
game-hours: 536.8
review: dude bro man i in dude i in came up on this newbie scrub and i was like bam 1 shot ak to the head bro let's ni pound a brewski yeeee it's 2001 all over again  yeeeeee bro
game-hours: 310.5
review: I have almost reached 100 hours of intense gameplay, and im still hooked, welll worth the money!
game-hours: 586.2
review: 10/10
game-hours: 629.0
review: This game will suck the life out of you.
game-hours: 900.8
review: Very good game.
game-hours: 1848.6
review: Great game! but valve need to sort out there anti-cheat!
game-hours: 11.9
review: One of the best FPS in PC gaming! Good gameplay with great community backing.
game-hours: 215.9
review: It's been 15 years and this game is still amazing. Although flashier games exist, CS survives and thrives. I strongly recommend this to any FPS player.
game-hours: 623.5
review: Steam should be installed just for this game.
game-hours: 1307.2
review: One of the, possibly THE best first person shooter out there. It's not full of un-neccessary animations that you'll find in other titles. The professional scene is outstanding, not as big as other titles like Call of Duty, which alledgedly has pro players, also known as a bunch of teens who trash talk in a game filled with aim assist. Valve never dissapoints, even with some nooks that need improvement, such as the tick rate, it is a title that delivers. The graphics are good. It is one of the most skill based games, and do not try to get good at this game by donating to get some powerful characters. Gunfights, action, tactics, strategy, anything that you would see in a war, this game delivers. I would give this a good rating, as the developers still have to do some work to satisfy some. There is a bit of work needed to perfect this game, and that bit is a point that I will be taking off of my rating. 9/10, would recommend, go out and get it now, if you do not like it, than you do not have the brain for a skill-demanding game. Unlike other developers that have their games die out in a few months, some, even weeks, the community for Counter Strike: Global Offensive keeps rising. Valve do not need to release a stupid sequel like some other publishers and developers do, they know how to satisfy the player, and they do not need so many DLC's that cost as much as the game. I have gone past my point, I think you can tell I am in love with it, I'd like to thank my brother for making me switch to this from the scum that is Call Of Duty.
game-hours: 1081.3
review: weweit
game-hours: 177.8
review: I globally struck in a countering manner, I found it offensive.
game-hours: 534.0
review: Best. Game. Everrrr.
game-hours: 1641.9
review: when in doubt buy a p90
game-hours: 174.3
review: Cy
game-hours: 616.2
review: Best game ever 11/10 apart from in match making when ur teamed with russians
game-hours: 1301.2
review: great
game-hours: 22.3
review: i kills you with pistol across map
game-hours: 220.7
review: Jo
game-hours: 854.5
review: I love This GAME!!!! i cant stop playing it :)
game-hours: 600.5
review: Much fun such awesome so amaze very shoot much teamplay WOW
game-hours: 227.6
review: if you like shooting people. buy it
game-hours: 36.5
review: 420 no scope, no way to explain it you have to exterminate the weak and then XXXX Triple let's raid it. 12/10
game-hours: 594.9
review: This game on the other hand is purely AWESOME. Its different in many ways, it takes a while before you get used to the aiming system though. Compared to other FPS(First person shooter) games. but when you do. ohgod, the game is amazingly fun and they even got this mode (competitive ~ Ranked) you can play. its 10 games then you get your rank and you'll be playing against players at your own level. So I Strongly recommend this game if you are looking for a new FPS game. the only bad thing about this game as i've noticed so far is that it eats away some of my money, but there i am at fault myself.. but i enjoy having new weapon skins so a man gotta do what a man gotta do y'know. Other than that the game itself is FLAWLESS! My Opinion ~ Rate: 10/10
game-hours: 92.2
review: Got a 7-day ban for going afk to take a dino dump. 10/10
game-hours: 556.3
review: Best game ever !
game-hours: 1144.1
review: Fun game but a lot of  in competitive mode.
game-hours: 715.2
review: Great tactical shooter. Hard to play at the beginning but once you get used to the different kind of gameplay from example battlefield or call of duty, you get sucked right in :D Don't bother about the graphics, it wasn't made for perfect look, nor are the sounds, but the gameplay is rewarding once you learn to play :)
game-hours: 540.0
review: Love this game very competitive and fun. Only bad thing would be most of the time the community is very hatefull.
game-hours: 200.7
review: People swear at me in Russian. 11/10
game-hours: 383.0
review: Really good game, I've played 300 hours of it so far and i have not gotten bored if you like fps game then this is a game for you.
game-hours: 132.3
review: so glad i purchased this game. 1.6 was my first fps game. this by far surpassed my next love for fps.
game-hours: 804.5
review: This Game is AWESOME!!!
game-hours: 1708.9
review: 1.6
game-hours: 1167.2
review: Best fps out there.
game-hours: 1324.7
review: The ultimate FPS
game-hours: 591.7
review: In my opinon Counter strike Global Offensive is my most played game i enjoy it so much besides the fact of there being so many hackers.
game-hours: 862.3
review: Very addictive. Competitive, and scales to your level.
game-hours: 190.5
review: Best chicken killing simulator of the century. 10/10
game-hours: 2252.5
review: WOW!
game-hours: 24.9
review: CounTer STrikE : GoBaL OFFenSivE Is inG AweSom3 n New Cs For ThE FuTurE.....\M/
game-hours: 424.2
review: Don't buy this game if you plan on seeing the sun again.
game-hours: 671.3
review: Good
game-hours: 893.7
review: best :D
game-hours: 1041.2
review: this game plays true to life just as 1.6 did. i greatly appreciate this version going back to the fundamentals that the game was meant to have. absolutely recommend this game to anyone who is up for a challenge!
game-hours: 876.0
review: Yeah.... I've been trying to get this game from some time. When i got it i realised that there were skins released in this and discovered that there are knifes and the most expensive knife can go to 500$ So i finally thought to sell my kidney and get a cool knife so that i can show off and the time is not far when my 2nd kidney will also be missing. Thats why i give it 5/5 . This game is 2 gud for a kidney , Its worth to sell one for knife and skins.It is so interesting that all kind of people will add you up to trade and they are quite interesting
game-hours: 2640.6
review: one of the best co op games in the cs series feauters many updates and cool weapon skins
game-hours: 29.1
review: awesome game
game-hours: 914.4
review: Love the game, one of the best FPS shooters on the market, brilliant competitive portion of the game, really fun to play with your friends.
game-hours: 165.3
review: Too hard for me... I'm too much of a pleb
game-hours: 1013.3
review: This is a great game, much harder and has a much greater skill cap compared to COD
game-hours: 543.2
review: dabestt
game-hours: 963.7
review: getting walled through doors and not getting hit detections at all at times. 10/10 would play again (Y)
game-hours: 1070.3
review: iz cool
game-hours: 416.4
review: goooooooooood
game-hours: 275.5
review: The game is absolutely amazing. At first, it may seem annoying, all the things like you can't aim etc. but when you get used to it, it is definetly one of the best games around. I really recommend it!
game-hours: 884.6
review: This game is just awesome, but it needs a lot of skill, though, but thanks to the ranking system you are going to play against people on your skill level. I recommend playing CS:GO with friends. 10 out of 10!
game-hours: 642.0
review: Double your item drop chance with Mountin Dew And Doritos
game-hours: 89.7
review: bisa nembak
game-hours: 27.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 105.6
review: Great game! The combination of a classic game and some modern day graphics is a pure winner!
game-hours: 14.8
review: This is a online multiplayer-only game. Another great Valve game. Try it out.
game-hours: 823.5
review: Better than COD.
game-hours: 584.1
review: My favorite game on steam... you play then you get skins and if u dont really care about the skins you can sell em, you heard me sell em for real steam money
game-hours: 1835.0
review: Jo he va bra
game-hours: 44.3
review: An overall nice fps game, a recently added feature of finding weapons made it even more popular.
game-hours: 766.7
review: Awesome!!
game-hours: 869.8
review: The Future
game-hours: 279.9
review: Its awesome
game-hours: 235.1
review: (y)
game-hours: 915.4
review: "#1 tactical FPS of all time." is what you are told about this game, and within a hour of playing it, you'll say the same. Epic.
game-hours: 1028.4
review: Im just going to make this simple i played this game back when it was 1.5 i played 1.6 source then this for a little bit. but all in all the upgrades are fun the skins are addicting to collect. Game all around has been improved if your a old school try this new school version out it will suck at first you will just keep dieing but all in all kicks  give it a go you will have that old competitve feeling back. Random drops at the end of the game also :D..........
game-hours: 609.2
review: CS forever
game-hours: 449.9
review: This game is awesome. It's Counter-Strike, but more cool. More community things, and... happines :D
game-hours: 1268.9
review: i like this game.
game-hours: 403.4
review: Great game, don't expect to do good when you start. Oh! and get ready to get mad and accuse wall/aimbot hackers.
game-hours: 538.4
review: this game is an amazing multiplayer game with bots and other awesome features. I really liked it how they added the 'gun game'. but there is one down side...... when you get capsules and weapons cases you have to pay 1-3 dollars just to open one. 9/10 altogether a great game. thumbs up!
game-hours: 325.7
review: 10/10 would recommend to senpai
game-hours: 966.9
review: Its a good follow up to the classic Counter-Strike 1.6. Game feels good and have been improved together with the professional teams. The only downside is that you cannot choose region or language and some problems occur as follows. Russians mostly are matched up with english speaking players, and they have overall bad english or no english at all. The Valve servers currently run at 64tickrates/second wich makes the competitive match making abit luck based sometimes. CDkey's are very cheap in Russia and this is a problem when many players abuse it to cheat with a n account. Skins on weapons and knifes are really good and brings some trading into it wich makes the community flourish around this aspect aswell.
game-hours: 846.0
review: Dust 2
game-hours: 52.6
review: Superb
game-hours: 177.8
review: Introducing you the good ol' Rage Simulator.... NOW WITH SKINS (and more russians). Dive into this adventure where your skills are irrelevant and the real deal is the value of your inventory, and you better have some real good temper, because the people you are going to play with are dumber than the chicken AI. And don't forget to bring your wallet, the digital knives in this game cost more than the real ones. GGWP.
game-hours: 500.7
review: Very challenging, yet very fun! A++!
game-hours: 1969.4
review: THE BEST GAME EVER !!!!
game-hours: 353.6
review: Really fun!!!!
game-hours: 543.2
review: dabestt
game-hours: 963.7
review: getting walled through doors and not getting hit detections at all at times. 10/10 would play again (Y)
game-hours: 1070.3
review: iz cool
game-hours: 416.4
review: goooooooooood
game-hours: 275.5
review: The game is absolutely amazing. At first, it may seem annoying, all the things like you can't aim etc. but when you get used to it, it is definetly one of the best games around. I really recommend it!
game-hours: 884.6
review: This game is just awesome, but it needs a lot of skill, though, but thanks to the ranking system you are going to play against people on your skill level. I recommend playing CS:GO with friends. 10 out of 10!
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.9
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2870.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 203.9
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 775.7
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 869.8
review: The Future
game-hours: 279.9
review: Its awesome
game-hours: 235.1
review: (y)
game-hours: 915.5
review: "#1 tactical FPS of all time." is what you are told about this game, and within a hour of playing it, you'll say the same. Epic.
game-hours: 1028.6
review: Im just going to make this simple i played this game back when it was 1.5 i played 1.6 source then this for a little bit. but all in all the upgrades are fun the skins are addicting to collect. Game all around has been improved if your a old school try this new school version out it will suck at first you will just keep dieing but all in all kicks  give it a go you will have that old competitve feeling back. Random drops at the end of the game also :D..........
game-hours: 609.2
review: CS forever
game-hours: 449.9
review: This game is awesome. It's Counter-Strike, but more cool. More community things, and... happines :D
game-hours: 1268.9
review: i like this game.
game-hours: 403.4
review: Great game, don't expect to do good when you start. Oh! and get ready to get mad and accuse wall/aimbot hackers.
game-hours: 538.4
review: this game is an amazing multiplayer game with bots and other awesome features. I really liked it how they added the 'gun game'. but there is one down side...... when you get capsules and weapons cases you have to pay 1-3 dollars just to open one. 9/10 altogether a great game. thumbs up!
game-hours: 766.8
review: I THOT THIS WA NOT GONNA BE A GOOD GAME BUT AFTER PLAYING FOR A FEW DAYS IT TURNED OUT IT WAS NOT SO BAD
game-hours: 16.4
review: get out shes gonna blow
game-hours: 831.5
review: ITS ING AWESOME
game-hours: 264.7
review: Road to GE
game-hours: 242.1
review: This game is fun. You can also get drops in game that pay for the game. It is fun, yay.
game-hours: 888.6
review: awesome game 10/10 if you get board switch it up and play surf or zombies such a fun game xD
game-hours: 195.1
review: In 2002, I played a few games of CS 1.6, which has started and since been remembered as the best FPS i've ever played. (Other than perfect dark, golden eye ETC, thats a different topic.) Then CS:S came along, which I will proudly say today is the best FPS on Steam currently. To counter what others say about it, yeah it has flaws. What game doesn't? Anyways, CS:GO used to be a highly despised game when it came out, and like every game it had issues. I think that most, if not some or all major issues with the game have been ruled out already. Despite a slightly growwing community of hackers in higher ranks, (A problem that ALL and i mean ALL games will have,) which I am not sure can ever be fixxed once it appears. (Kind of like ARMA 2.) I recommend this game not because of a biased opinion, but because it is the only FPS that I can play and actually enjoy it. Sometimes you get matched with people with a lower rank, or don't know the map, but hey, you're that guy sometimes as well. 90/100, That Deagle update.
game-hours: 955.0
review: This game is awesome and I like it.
game-hours: 381.3
review: Very good game!
game-hours: 236.4
review: Haven't been a veteran of the CS series from the start, I highly recommend CS:GO. The mechanics take a bit to get used to, but the customization of the game, gun skins, etc, is phenomenal. Please give this game a chance as it has become very popular.
game-hours: 488.9
review: Full of weirdos and crybabies.
game-hours: 2294.3
review: if ur not a hacker ur a $crub 10/10
game-hours: 673.4
review: DEM SEXY SKINS
game-hours: 5.5
review: Great game but could use a bit of work on trying to be more diverse from TF2
game-hours: 658.5
review: This game is an amazing shooter bringing gun skill to a new level
game-hours: 1042.0
review: Cool game. Would recommend to anyone that enjoy's playing any FPS game. This game has many game mode types to choose from, also, a bonus is you can play community servers and they have many funs modes like; zombie mode, deathrun, minigames and lots more. Best FPS I have gotten. 5 star!
game-hours: 431.3
review: It's okay
game-hours: 65.1
review: It's a good update for the Counter-Strike series.
game-hours: 960.6
review: This will take over your life. Silver forever.
game-hours: 164.6
review: Very nice game, everything about this game is awesome. Well, there's not a lot of things I can say about Counter Strike Global Offensive, it's a really good game and you should buy it, it is very cheap! :)
game-hours: 57.0
review: Aim on the head= Shoots above Aim below= Shoots Above Aim at feet= Headshot
game-hours: 8.6
review: Quite improved graphics than its previous version, Counter Strike 1.6 Reality action packed game.
game-hours: 826.5
review: awesome game :D
game-hours: 233.6
review: most fun game ver
game-hours: 1020.3
review: This is, in my opinion, the best game I have ever played. For $15, you get more value than you could possibly imagine. Besides being one of the most popular e-sports around, CS:GO is absolutely a great casual game as well. I love every bit of this game.
game-hours: 1307.4
review: Awesome game! :D
game-hours: 1176.7
review: mac city , mac mac city . ten, ten, ten, twenty chicken nuggets .
game-hours: 1227.7
review: Have you ever played a game so hard that you lost your entire family? The spiraling darkness fills your soul with hate and despair? I did. I never knew that pre-fragging my wife would be as much fun in real life as it would be in game. One deag your kids?  yeah. Those noobs didn't stand a chance. I'z a preh gd game I guess. Wish I could play from my cell.
game-hours: 448.7
review: I never thought I would spend money on virtual items before this and now my wallet is empty 10/10 would do again
game-hours: 456.8
review: bery guy gayme,k.
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.9
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2870.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 204.0
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 775.9
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 1061.3
review: this game really  aweasome XD
game-hours: 1288.2
review: Very solid legacy to counter strike 1.6
game-hours: 1107.6
review: Say bye to your life already
game-hours: 500.1
review: For my English 101 class i had to write a review of something so i ended up reviewing this game and here is my review hope you enjoy. A series of Counter Strike games have been released in the past and with COunter Strike Global Offensive it has changed first person shooters. With the Creativity of the steam community they continue to change and make the game a new experience each time. Averaging 3.5 million unique players each month new ideas are displayed about every hour each day. This game is meant for people who both like FPS and are completely new to them. Players who are new or kist playing it for fun, the casual section of gameplay allows these players to experience the game on a non-competitive level. The casual section breaks down into four sub sections being deathmatch, arms race, demolition, and casual classic. Deathmatch is the perfect place to play a quick warm up game and allows players to practice using guns that they havent used before. Arms race is just like gun game from other fps games but sets the guns to 27 and it is a quick paced game and really fun if you play with a lot of friends. Demo gives the feeling of casual classic but it only has one bomb site and it is hard to plant before the counter-terrorist are dead or the terrorist are dead plus it has generally small maps. For me this is not the gamemode for me but if you want to play a quick 20-25 minute game without people yelling at you then this a good choice to play. Casual is in my opinion the game type that is most like competitive but again without the ranting and arguing of players when you lose. The couple of things that are annoying is unlike comp it only goes to 15 rounds and you dont switch sides. This does create a somewhat of an unfair game since some maps are sided towards either CT or T. With that being said I think casual is very relaxed and calming without people yelling in the microphone. Now here is where there is a lot of frustration, and annoyance but will always be fun to play. Even though I personally dont think this is the best in the game i do think it is second and a close best feature of the game. There are a lot of takeaways from comp but like any competitive game there are negatives. The competitive game type nevers gets old with different operations coming out every three-four months. Communication is key in this game and with ingame voice there are a lot of negatives but ill get to that. On most days youll get into a game with respectable nice people that dont really get mad and yell. Comp gives every player the rush to want to be the best rank, or the best player in the current lobby. Like all games you can leave midway but in this game it punishes the players to a 15-7day ban from comp. These bans are completely random so it does force people to stay in the game. With Comp it is a 30-90 minute game where it lasts 30 rounds and does switch roles to balance the game. Unlike most FPS CSGO doesnt allow players to aim down sights unless it has a scope and this is where i believe luck and skill comes in and it enhances the gameplay. Players will normally understand if you dont know the callouts on the map and will tend to help some try hard players are not so forgiving. Another great part that i can think of is valve put in chickens that roam around the maps and during the holidays they will add stuff to the chickens. Ex. last week they put in cheers and balloons so each time you killed them those would come out. The chickens can also be used to figure out where the enemies are if one happens to see it killed. The way that the game balances the skill of players is the best, they will put same skill ranks together and dont really allow high ranks to play with the low ranks. With all of the positive ideas there are sadly always negatives. CSGO community consists of people who do try a little too hard and care too much about the game. I have been in games where teammates will constantly yell into the mic just talking trash to each other and it really doesnt help them to do better. Personally i dislike like the little kids that come into the game swearing and commanding the adults on what to do and i know most of my friends feel the same way, they are called Squeakers. At times players that arent good enough to play the game will try to cheat and try to get an advantage over the other players. They will use hacks, such as a wallhack or an aimbot. There are other programs but i am not familiar with them. Also players who have been playing for a while and reached a high rank cant compete with their current rank players so they make a new account and face new people, these are called Smurfs. I know that i am missing a lot of things that people find negative about this game but these are my big negatives. Where all of the creativity in this game comes from is from the workshop and it is so vital to this game. I find this the best feature due to all of the stuff that you can make and it can be used in the game. The developers allowed players to make their own custom skins for the guns in the game and if it gets voted up by the community then it can be added the to the game and you can make money off of it. Right now there are skins that cost 450$ but there are a lot of cheap ones the expensive guns are the knives. Not only can you make skins you can make stickers that can go through the same process to get into the game. People can also make their own maps but i have yet to try that feature but i have seen some nice maps. Valve added crate drops into the game to that contains chances at getting a rare skin for the gun or knife but it can cost 1$ or so for the case and 2.50$ for the keys. I find this gambling system not worth the money so I recommend selling the cases because they do add up each week. I ended up with 25$ from drops and bought copies of the game for two of my friends. With having only 240 hours invested in the game i have seen people with over 2,000 hours so that means that it must be an amazing game for someone to have that much time put into this game.
game-hours: 327.7
review: chickens
game-hours: 298.6
review: This is a very good game.
game-hours: 441.5
review: love it
game-hours: 1418.6
review: nice juuunge
game-hours: 670.4
review: by far the most competitive shooter and the best counter-strike edition
game-hours: 437.3
review: Great game a new era of e-sports
game-hours: 289.7
review: I recommend to buy this game from all the action and cool gun skins u can either purchase or gain through a drop system.
game-hours: 985.2
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 328.2
review: You makey the pew pew
game-hours: 725.4
review: is gud
game-hours: 25.6
review: terrorist is OP i think its because the developers are terrorist so they are biased toward terorist side buff ct pls
game-hours: 341.4
review: I got a sticker with a llama on it. 10/10
game-hours: 1271.8
review: BUY IT
game-hours: 129.0
review: Where do I even start with this game... one of my favorite steam games of all time. Endless fun, while can be sometimes very frusterating. I've found that many people will often be easily frusterated and angered with this game, especially when continuously losing competitive matchers. For me personally, however, I find that I've always enjoyed this game (especially the skin and trading market), and even when I'm losing, I still enjoy doing it! Could not recommend more.
game-hours: 623.9
review: this piece of  game eagle never
game-hours: 536.6
review: Very fun and challenging, especially with friends. If you're coming off from other fps games such as CoD you'll need to completely adjust your playstyle ://. Interesting and difficult to handle mechanics involved, a must play for anyone who enjoys fps games :DD.
game-hours: 2347.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 492.5
review: nice grafik
game-hours: 1231.2
review: it's a good game
game-hours: 167.9
review: This "review" is directed to those who had 1.6 or CS: Source. CS: GO is exactly what a sequel should have been: A user interface and graphics overhaul. There's little gameplay changes. There are some other grenades including an incendiary and a decoy. There's still 4 buttons to move, a button to jump, a button to crouch, and no  with other moves from other modern shooters like health regen or cover system. Move the mouse around and shoot. There's no ironsights  either with the exception of the two weapons in CS 1.6 that did feature the "older version of ironsights", the AUG and Krieg. In this version you actually aim through the sights but it makes sense, right? CS: GO remains an old school FPS. However, because CS: GO is a graphics overhaul, this also means the game levels have much more "noise". It can be hard to distinguish enemies from the background. There's a machmaking system that puts you into a competitive environment with 30 rounds to play, 15 rounds in each side, 5v5. If competitive pressure isn't a thing for you, there's still the casual (and usual) server browsing and quick play button to play some 8v8+ games with tons of money each round and friendly fire and player blocking disabled. For all that is not related to the core of the game, there's some lighter hearted game modes with quicker pace like deathmatchs. As for the in-game economy, all items that can be acquired are for cosmetic purposes only. There is NO item you can add onto your weapon that affects gameplay. It's just all paint jobs and stickers, and a stupidly expensive toy that counts how many kills you have done with your weapon. If anything it just makes your enemies more visible because of that white and orange $47 AWP they're holding.
game-hours: 1155.7
review: You need to get this game if you enjoy the FPS genre. The countless hours you spend invested in games are exhilirating and non-repetitive. My favorite multiplayer FPS of all time.
game-hours: 482.7
review: gr8 b8 m8 i r8 it 8/8 m8 top kek
game-hours: 494.4
review: Awesome FPS Game, Lots of fun playing w/ friends, awesome skins for weapons :3
game-hours: 526.9
review: Fire IN THE HOLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
game-hours: 187.9
review: :D gj
game-hours: 1303.0
review: Growth is an important factor in Global Offensive, especially if you're coming into Counter-Strike fresh or after a sabbatical. This is an extremely hardcore, skill-based first-person shooter, and it forces you to think differently than other modern shooters. If youre a Call of Duty player, youre going to need to change your play style to succeed here. Counter-Strike also tries developing into something new here as well, despite doing little to push itself beyond what its always done best. Global Offensive modifies old maps to keep veterans on their toes, and introduces official new modes that encourage different play styles for the first time in almost 15 years. For the uninitiated, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a small-scale, team-based first-person shooter with permanent death. When a counter-terrorist kills a terrorist planting explosives in a classic Defusal match, or a CT escort swallows a sniper round in Hostage Rescue, the victim is dead for good and doesn't respawn until the next round. As such, players on both sides must exercise skill and care. The bomb objective, meanwhile, gives everyone a purpose. Of course matches end when everyone on a team is dead, but a clever and coordinated terrorist team will give the CTs the slip, plant their bomb, and protect the bomb site. Between rounds, everyone spends earned cash on better gear and guns, and the cycle continues.
game-hours: 1228.7
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. This game is one of the best games I have ever played. It combindes the factor of addiction and the factor of fun together, most of the games cannot combined this two features. The game also includes the factor of collections/collecting, means you are able to collect (in this case) skins for your guns, skins for your knives and it is what makes the game in some way competitive and fun. The other factor that makes the game competitive is the "Competitive Mode", the competitive mode provides the fun of playing with your closest friends or complete strangers, create a team, beat the enemy and collecting ranks that shows your gaming skills. With this "Competitive Mode" you can also play in not a competitive mode and play in Community Servers with your friends and not being annoyed of the fact that if you lose you may derank to a lower skill rank. Along with all this in-game servers and competitive matches there is also a grate community of professional players and professional teams who can erange huge and fun "meetings" like Dreamhack and ETS LANs with tons of professional and famous people. I really enjoyed the game and recommend it to who ever reads this.
game-hours: 506.4
review: Since all the CS Ive played,This one is my favorite one,Great graphics,Running it in 238 FPS. This is the Reference to all FP'S Ive ever played in my whole life,The comp is great even with  players or bad teamates that will insult you for doin' nuthing but a strat you called... Oh well,Here's my Pros and Cons Pros: =Great graphics =First CS Supporting Workshop Woohoo :D =Abillity to make you'r own maps and even Stickers and Guns reskin. =Great MatchMaking for <100 of ping. =Realistic dues to the Recoil,The spray.. =Maps remake :D woohoo :D Cons: =No more sprays ;_; =Can't modify your guns to add scripts in it like in CS:S =MatchMaking Dosen't join the people that are aprox same rank (Ex:Im Silver 4 and my friend Gold Nova 1,We are still with Unranked people) =Expensive keys =Expensive In game Skins (For EXAMPLE:The iest knife is 47,Seriously lower the prices guys because if its a knife and a  of people is ready to pay 20 Bucks instead of 47,Go ahead,Lower them.) =Vac Anti-cheat still buggy as  =If you are a mac player,Since last Update you must hold (fn) And press Enter to send you'r messages D: Well im done here,Click a like if you find this Usefull ;D It really motivates me to tell the truth on games :D
game-hours: 989.2
review: This is a good game pros: Lots of fun playing Good graphics lots of nice players cons: Lots of HACKING  Hit boxes are a pain
game-hours: 735.0
review: Best Counter Strike yet! Awesome to have Steam Workshop support too!
game-hours: 1585.4
review: Guys buy this!!!!!!!
game-hours: 549.3
review: Havn't left my house for weeks Gained 53 pounds 11/8 would buy again
game-hours: 658.1
review: 10/10 Very Sweaty. Much Skill. Such Rush.
game-hours: 90.3
review: Great Game
game-hours: 146.1
review: If you like shooting people, then this game is not for you.
game-hours: 302.2
review: :O
game-hours: 660.3
review: BEST GAME
game-hours: 397.2
review: Good game, if someone kills you report them for hacks chances are they were hacking anyway :D:D:D
game-hours: 1085.4
review: TOO MUCH SWEG
game-hours: 1105.3
review: A very good game. Takes time to get used to but give it a chance.
game-hours: 1190.5
review: Just best first person shooter. COUNTER STRIKE FOREVER!
game-hours: 964.5
review: Super Game!
game-hours: 660.2
review: Ahem, allow me to begin this review with a bang. *BANG* That is one thing you will hear a lot in Counter-Strike, mainly because you're blowing your own brains out in real life because of randomers on matchmaking calling you a "noob team" and saying "wtf noob". But I've talked about one of the bad things, let's talk about a good thing, the guns go badaboom, pow pow, bim bam ding. Overall, I'd say this game was 5/5 codpiece laces and I'd highly recommend calling your team mates codpieces for comedic effect.
game-hours: 28.7
review: This game is definatley teh best in the series but only just. Source had a much better community the amount of times ive lost a round in competitive and ive had multiple 8 year olds demanding I uninstall the game. But its alright cause the next round i'll run in his molotov and get him a 7 day cooldown while saying  u sunni Jim. And then the endless arguments about the Auto Noob on the other team and "ECO YOU BELL END WHY DID U BUY PP-BIZON!" But its all alright because I got a skin and people compliment me on it from time to time even though they really dont give a  they just like to appear friendly then turn when you buy on 2nd round. So if you enjoy shooting terrorists or people with mushromm caps on their heads and laughing hystericly when you get someone banned cause they left or you ran in their molotov ( Which is great btw ) this game is for you better CSGO and get it.
game-hours: 888.9
review: bets games ever 100% reccomend
game-hours: 1640.1
review: worth playing
game-hours: 926.1
review: best
game-hours: 1727.4
review: awesome
game-hours: 2009.4
review: 10/10 best way to collect expensive pixels.
game-hours: 1206.2
review: 9/10 best cs so far from the other cs series... ^v^
game-hours: 506.2
review: Game is good , open or sell dropped items , and shoot people ... what is not to like ? :P
game-hours: 92.2
review: Got a 7-day ban for going afk to take a dino dump. 10/10
game-hours: 556.3
review: Best game ever !
game-hours: 1144.1
review: Fun game but a lot of  in competitive mode.
game-hours: 715.2
review: Great tactical shooter. Hard to play at the beginning but once you get used to the different kind of gameplay from example battlefield or call of duty, you get sucked right in :D Don't bother about the graphics, it wasn't made for perfect look, nor are the sounds, but the gameplay is rewarding once you learn to play :)
game-hours: 540.0
review: Love this game very competitive and fun. Only bad thing would be most of the time the community is very hatefull.
game-hours: 2021.5
review: Number #1 Game
game-hours: 455.2
review: Absolutely amazing. 10/10 Very intense too
game-hours: 160.5
review: (    )
game-hours: 898.4
review: I like it.
game-hours: 157.8
review: I highly reccomend this game, for the price you pay you can also make your money back from Camos, stickers, knives etc. I recently got a skin worth about 5.60 (Correct of 8/26/14) from the Operation Breakout DLC. But all in all it's a fun game to take seriously, or run around with tazers killing chickens.
game-hours: 722.2
review: 10/10 confirmed by hltv
game-hours: 2146.5
review: Great game, please take my money hahaha!
game-hours: 613.6
review: (Y)
game-hours: 432.6
review: I use to be swimming in female genitalia; but now that I discovered CS:GO my  is bone dry, must get 10/10. Only one motto to live by in CS:GO "You either die a noob or live long enough to be called a cheater." P.S. Everyones' dad works for Valve and can get you banned, some serious .
game-hours: 17.5
review: This game, unlike most fps games now, actually requires skill and coordination to win. you and your team have to work together to acheive a common objective in a series of fun maps that encourage both close and long range fire-fights. I would highly recommend this game to everyone who is willing to pay for it.
game-hours: 453.1
review: CS:GO = 2 thumbs, way way up!
game-hours: 1552.6
review: Mint....buy, play, enjoy.....better than a poke in the eye with a sharp stick at worst
game-hours: 19.9
review: I really like the guns in this game! awesome!
game-hours: 171.7
review: Really like this game.Awesome one
game-hours: 91.2
review: THIS GAME IS BALLIN
game-hours: 1338.0
review: The most well balanced version of CS I have ever played. MM alone is worth getting this game for.
game-hours: 393.0
review: stupid tit awps
game-hours: 462.8
review: Yes.
game-hours: 886.8
review: This game is great! It will make your  explode!!!! I know mine did, hahaha... Any how Buy, let gaben aquire your hard earned money. GABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENvGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABEN
game-hours: 644.6
review: Vodkafarians and kiddies are all over this ing game. They're like a disease
game-hours: 1284.8
review: Best game evah made.
game-hours: 566.8
review: Great game. Try surfing with an xbox controller :P
game-hours: 135.0
review: Fun game Kinda Bull**** how like dota 2 and TF2 it still makes you buy keys to open crates even though you've paid for the game
game-hours: 719.4
review: All must buy!
game-hours: 755.3
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a upgrarded version of source,which means new weapons, new maps and some changes in the gameplay.For instance , when you move and looking from a sniper scope the image blurres which prevents player quickscopping.The new weapons are far more balanced from the previous ones and the player has a greater motive to buy the cheap ones because of the dfferent kill rewards each individual weapon offers(the cheaper the bigger money reaward).Also some changes in the classic maps have been made,for example the dust map has a new entrance under the tunnel which leads to the bridge.From technicall view the cs:go has better graphics from cs:source.In conclusion i would recommend this game not only to the cs fans-veterans but also to a FPS gamer who wants to try something different.
game-hours: 1656.3
review: Cool Game :))
game-hours: 1037.9
review: Best game NA
game-hours: 2581.3
review: (Y)
game-hours: 43.8
review: is fun you shoot you die you get called a *****ing noob for dieing rinse repeat So dont buy unless you has masterd every core concept of cs soucre otherwise community will shun you
game-hours: 630.3
review: so nice much gameplay very wow
game-hours: 779.8
review: Amazing fps game that is very competitive. Will get u addicted in seconds. 10/10
game-hours: 1297.4
review: As much as addicting as COCAINE, but i would still go for the COCA
game-hours: 787.2
review: shh walk walk
game-hours: 1353.5
review: This game in my eyes is the best game i've ever played :D
game-hours: 569.0
review: 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 651.4
review: Pay 12 for game, Get cases as drops, Pay extra 1.50 to open them, Get crappy consumer grade battle scarred skin worth 3p ( wanna sell it? Too bad valve needs 20% of that which leaves you wiiiiiiiith... 1p). rinse and repeat. 11/10 would play again
game-hours: 711.2
review: This game soo good :))))
game-hours: 411.5
review: this game is literal autism
game-hours: 571.9
review: OH LOOK MY GUN IS PURTY LOOKIN
game-hours: 537.9
review: Besides being incredibley addicting, CS:GO also packs Weapon Skins, and Stickers to customize your weapons, CS:GO is casual fun, except most players take it to seriously, if you're looking for a FPS Shooter to play, this one definintly conquers other games like COD, linear, but fun.
game-hours: 150.7
review: sick game
game-hours: 677.8
review: Best game ever !
game-hours: 385.5
review: Buy once,Ruin your life. 11/10
game-hours: 900.3
review: best FPS forever!!!
game-hours: 1552.6
review: It's not 1.6 but it's a whole lot better than source.
game-hours: 204.0
review: great game if u liked 1.6 , u will enjoy this boosted version
game-hours: 205.5
review: If you like to be a tactical badass then this is a game for you its just a fun game lots of content and its not a pay to win game 100/10 best game ever!
game-hours: 16.7
review: " 10/10 It's Okay " + Wacky Story + Terrorists - Complicated Level Design Needs to be STRRREAAAMLINNED More Lineanearity required.
game-hours: 1018.0
review: TheBestGameEVER<3
game-hours: 701.2
review: I'm a CoD player, and I was very sceptic to this game. But now I found even more fun playing CSGO than any other game I have ever played ;) I recommend this game to everyone +1
game-hours: 601.5
review: its the best ever shooting game ive ever played it has all the fun u need
game-hours: 48.6
review: my favorite FPS ever
game-hours: 188.8
review: pew pew pew
game-hours: 255.5
review: Well, what can I say.. this game is so good i masturbate to it while im playing, awping c*nts with one hand, and doin my duties with the other. 11/10
game-hours: 1014.6
review: Addictive game. still 10/10
game-hours: 198.6
review: Nice game!
game-hours: 354.2
review: They said they had several sexual intercourses with my family members. They called me a homosexual with various slang words. There are a lot of polish/russian players. Can kill chickens 10/10
game-hours: 614.0
review: camping simulation 2014
game-hours: 367.2
review: In CS:GO, it is heaps of fun to shoot people with AK-47's. And in matchmaking, it's even fun to shoot your own teammates. But, CS:GO weapons have very high spread, and the netcode is awful.
game-hours: 12.0
review: really good game wish i was better 7/10
game-hours: 217.2
review: great game, skins and cases are fun
game-hours: 48.4
review: You can shoot chickens with sniper rifles. 11/10 would bang
game-hours: 216.2
review: It may lack some of the community niceties, beloved maps (Assault, anyone?), and little features of past games, but Global Offensive delivers on the promise of a faithful, polished, and better looking Counter-Strike for whoever wants it. Even if the community doesn't meet the golden standard of 1.6 and Source, CS:GO will remain a multiplayer classic for those willing to put in the time to learn the maps and weapons.
game-hours: 508.4
review: This game stole my life
game-hours: 48.7
review: I reccommend this game, It is amazing. I always do my Jihad in this game. Just a tip: Counter Terrorists suck, Mujahideen for the win :D *Starts singing* It's my Jihad, I do for my god.....Just get the game already!
game-hours: 483.5
review: They have skins named after Asimov. 10/10
game-hours: 755.3
review: Collect-Skins: GO
game-hours: 400.4
review: best of the series.
game-hours: 821.8
review: Great Game
game-hours: 169.6
review: Good game! Valve cools!!!
game-hours: 158.0
review: Counter Strike s My First FPS Game And ts New Of The Game I Liked t
game-hours: 473.6
review: A world that's dominated by many FPS games, each with their own unique gameplay and style. What sets CS:GO apart from the others? Well CS:GO is extremely detailed with every aspects of the game. This includes gameplay which branches out on to sounds, shadows and visuals, balancing out the map layouts and economy of the weapons, and the weapon mechanics are even accurate as it could ever be, the recoils, hitmarks and damage. Also not only the gameplay is amazing but cleverly valve took a big step into introducing skins. Skins are the main reason why people are now more interested in this game. There is a plethora of skins in this game, arranged in 7 subgroups. - Common (Consumer Grade) - Uncommon (Industrial Grade) - Rare (Mil-Spec) - Mythical (Restricted) - Legendary (Classified) - Ancient (Covert) - Exeedingly Rare (Melee Weapons) In each of these categories it is also in another subgroups of its quality such as: - Battle-Scarred - Well-Worn - Field-Tested - Minimal Wear - Factory New Overall CS:GO stands as a glowing reminder that quality game design is rewarded in longevity and variety. At the end, what matters is not if CS:GO is innovative or more of the same than CS:S, COD, BF but what counts is if it's fun.
game-hours: 321.0
review: The enemy was just better than you, deal with it!
game-hours: 198.5
review: pew pew hs?! Lovely
game-hours: 1208.7
review: I like this game! IGN 11/6 s.p 1/3 Overall a good movie - Morgan Freeman
game-hours: 590.2
review: .
game-hours: 31.3
review: Very Good !! :))
game-hours: 588.7
review: This is such a tactical and an amazing game! I really recommend you guys and gals to get this :3
game-hours: 623.0
review: best shooter multiplayer
game-hours: 383.0
review: Excelent game would highly recomend to anyone interested in FPS games
game-hours: 382.6
review: CS:GO-Killing team is fun. Ever wanted to be a queer and get banned? Well now you can buy csgo and kill your team, This is also known as camo simulator without the goats instead  chicken roam the streets 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 1247.9
review: Very Nice Game
game-hours: 8.2
review: im Banned D:
game-hours: 167.4
review: +1
game-hours: 248.3
review: nice
game-hours: 349.7
review: 1
game-hours: 238.4
review: It's Counter-Strike.... Just get it.
game-hours: 762.1
review: A fast intense multiplayer fps that's 10 times better than any cod game. This Counter Strike features better graphics, more competitive play, and more balance then all the previous Counter Strikes. Unlike most games, you can tell different teams easily and navigate through maps as if you were playing on them for years. And ofcourse, you can kill chickens 11/10 :Horse:
game-hours: 344.6
review: This game is an amazing strategy, i find myself constantly communicating with people to get to the objective. the skins system is a great extra and a fun little thing that makes you want to play the game more.
game-hours: 239.0
review: It's a nice game, buy it
game-hours: 738.2
review: 10/10
game-hours: 874.7
review: Great Game! CS:GO will provide hours of fun, I definitely recommend this game!
game-hours: 32.5
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is the next generation in rhythm games. As with many Japanese dance games, it requires a precise timing and a good sense of rhythm. However, this game includes many unique elements to deviate from the regular dancing genre. In this game, you are put into a map with a dance move of your choice, along with your team. The enemy team starts with the same requirements. There are two dance squads: Terrorist (Rappers), and Counter-Terrorist (Popstars). In the gamemode Team Deathmatch, you must dance against as many dancers of the enemy team as you can. As soon as you see an opponent, you are locked into a duel of disco prowess. When this happens, you must immediately start clicking at him/her with your selected dance move until they become out-danced and fall to the ground, exhausted. You must also be careful not to become out-danced yourself. This is the real meat of the game. When you are aimed and dancing at your opponent, you must steady your moves to become precise by either holding SHIFT to slowly (although accurately) dance at your enemy. You can also do a running slide into your dance stunts for bonus precision by pressing CTRL as you engage in your dance-off. This next part is the rhythm segment required to out-dance somebody. While getting groovy using your said dance move, there is a small reticle, or box (we shall call it the "style box"), surrounding your pointer. Your dance moves emnate from you in the direction of somewhere inside the style box. The faster you click, the faster you dance, but it also expands your style box, so you must keep your dance rhythm timed well to maintain good style and overcome your opponents grooviness. This is all the basics of dancing, but there are interesting elements included in the game to make this more interesting. Unlike real life, if you see two people engaged in a dance-off, you may join in at any time you like, to provide effective backup dancing to your teammate and help him/her dominate the opposing side. Careful though, because anybody on the enemy dance squad may do the same to you. With these rules in play, it is not uncommon to find a team grouped together into an effective flash mob to maintain skilled dancing and increase their likelihood of out-dancing the enemy. Extra gamemodes also spice up the gameplay by adding objectives to your dance round. In Demolition mode, the Rappers must plant a boombox on one of two dance floors. The Popstars are not fond of the rappers (or their boomboxes) so the Popstars must turn off the boombox before its music starts playing too loudly. This often ends in the Rappers facing against the Popstars in a dance-off turf war over their boombox. In Team Deathmatch, it's pretty simple: the Popstars and Rappers must out-dance each other in a fair competition. In Hostage, the Rappers have a bad nightclub and are forcing people to listen to their music. It is the Popstars' jobs to rescue them and shimmy their way back out of the nightclub. In Arms Race, everyone competes to become the best dancer as fast as they can. Each time you out-dance someone, you are given a new dance move; and you progress until the dancing gets harder and harder to pull off, until after using every dance, you are given... a kinfe. U den godda stb a bich in da fac 2 win. THE END 6.6/10 recommended... just get it on sale. ..and DON'T buy keys. You can buy operation passes if you must. Also, some people have bionic body parts that let them out-dance almost anyone with uncanny effectiveness. So watch out for them. They cheat. And stuff.
game-hours: 843.0
review: Frag out
game-hours: 242.9
review: Case Simulator : Global Offensive 11/10
game-hours: 407.3
review: bad, , worst cs ever created, if it wasnt for the money prizes this piece of  would be dead within the first year, wish i never got it, it will give you massive amount of cancer cell generation. id rather give some sloppy  deep throat to a baseball bat with barbed wire wrapped around it while getting repeatedly anal fisted by the entire african dinka tribe.. choke on a chernobyl fart
game-hours: 396.6
review: BANG BANG BANG BANGBANGBANGBANG. You know, its Counter Strike. 10/10
game-hours: 225.1
review: sda
game-hours: 865.8
review: The Good: gameplay and the graphics are fantastic, and unlike many other games in this day and age the community is (surprisingly) not terrible, asside from the occasional rude dude,raging 12 year old, and a guy caught on a bad day. But still landing a sick one shot on a CT's with an AK47 is always amazing! Actualy headshot killing anyone with anything (accept the p90, negev, M242, and some others) is amazing The Bad: Like all games cs go has its flaws, some of which it cannot fix by changing in game mechanics for example. Hackers. Althought cs go has implimented the overwatch system (in which experienced players "overwatch" recorded games, through the vision of the said suspect) the system has helped but is not a permenent solution. One way hackers avoid themselfs from being band is by buying the game again but on a "smurf account." Smurf accounts are TERRIBLE for newer players. For example a higher ranking individual can buy a smurf and go up against less skilled players, this can fusturate new players and derank them. WHICH IS ANOTHER THIS, what the hell is up with the cs go ranking system?! Here is an example i went 43 kills and 13 deaths up against silver IV (I'm a Silver IV atm) and i got deranked since my team lost... IMO the ranking system should be foucused on the individual not the poor teamwork of a team! (all I know is that cs go goes of a ELO system, that is all I know) In all cs go is a great game that could use some work on its ranking system and something to prevent smurfs and hackers more effectively. So yes I would recommend it if your into shooters or just want a addicting game. BE WARNED this game has a IMMENSE learning curve! CS:GO IS TEH BEST NA :P
game-hours: 322.3
review: COOL AND AWESOME GAME
game-hours: 1372.7
review: I am able to protect my beloved Yuki <3, \ 10/10 /
game-hours: 161.6
review: Best shooter 2014 10/10 Cancer ftw
game-hours: 2546.7
review: It's a shooter
game-hours: 794.9
review: Nice game, recommend if like shooting games !
game-hours: 159.4
review: A must own, if you don't care about your real life you must have this game.
game-hours: 533.2
review: Pretty much Call of Duty but everyone is salty
game-hours: 758.2
review: ahujiens
game-hours: 567.4
review: P.e.r.f.e.c.t
game-hours: 133.9
review: Awesome :D
game-hours: 1125.9
review: Great game!
game-hours: 201.3
review: 11/10 better than Half Life 3
game-hours: 168.3
review: Adictive best CS ever!
game-hours: 357.9
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 267.2
review: You can shoot by holding left-click. 10/10.
game-hours: 966.3
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 151.4
review: Boom HS!
game-hours: 733.8
review: Counter-Strike is my all time favorite game. I have spent countless hours in competitive play and enjoy the hell out of the systems in place. It's unlike any other MP game out there and has not been matched in the FPS genre. Developers are dedicated to the community, albiet on their own pace. You can play for hours and hours and still not perfect the game. It is a living, breathing game that continued to develop and grow both in the community and the game itself. SO much has changed since the late 90s in video games, but there are those few exceptions that last through out the various shifts in video games. Counter-strike is one of them.
game-hours: 7.9
review: why my is missing?>?>>?>>>>>>>
game-hours: 1020.6
review: I recommend this game to anyone that is willing to start really bad and rarely ever get kills because eventually you will do very good if you watch videos on call outs certain smoke spots flash spots and common spots to aim for if you dont mind playing a lot of csgo then this game is for you
game-hours: 410.6
review: gg
game-hours: 347.3
review: Nice game
game-hours: 655.2
review: its okay
game-hours: 256.6
review: Best FPS game in my opinion, even though the rank system and ban systems are horrible :P
game-hours: 698.6
review: 's good.
game-hours: 71.7
review: I recommend this game because this game is awesome.The graphic is good,the sounds. I also like the maps. Yeah its a good game ^^
game-hours: 553.9
review: addict !
game-hours: 12.1
review: this game is great, I RECOMMEND THIS GAME, if you like cops and robs this is the game to get, but with terrorist. I RECOMMEND THIS GAME
game-hours: 917.5
review: Really good game
game-hours: 249.1
review: This game has stolen my life and my money. +1
game-hours: 2055.0
review: great fun gae
game-hours: 858.4
review: good game
game-hours: 459.7
review: Nice game, 128 tics on servers in mm plz
game-hours: 566.8
review: i recommend this game
game-hours: 367.1
review: not as cool as tf but w/e theres hats right?
game-hours: 703.9
review: I higly recommend this game for fps players because it's so competitive. Sure, sometimes i want to break my computer screen but that is just me! Just check out all of the videos about cs:go on Youtube (Mine too: kangaroonie), five AWP's out of five in rating. I love ya'll...
game-hours: 550.4
review: Very good game
game-hours: 668.0
review: This is the greatest game of all times :D
game-hours: 445.6
review: Easiest way to learn russian. 10/10
game-hours: 20.2
review: One Of The Best FPS Pc Shooters Out There !
game-hours: 716.8
review: Pretty complex and has great mechanics. Very fun FPS and MUCH BETTER THAN COD AND THE FLAMERS. 100% would play.
game-hours: 31.0
review: The players ingame are somewhat rude but you would need a thick skin, most are nice, gameplay is amazing, controls become 2nd hand to you as they are that easy and very addictive, glad I purhcased this, great stress relief for the competitive driven FPS mind
game-hours: 1488.1
review: 10/10 would . amazing game competitive is better than casual.
game-hours: 805.9
review: SWWEEET
game-hours: 190.0
review: Epic series with an epic game. Love it!
game-hours: 986.6
review: This game is a lot of fun. It requires both strategy and teamwork. 5v5 is fun and so are public/local servers!
game-hours: 712.5
review: Bad game dont buy. 9/10
game-hours: 156.5
review: rate 10/10 on ruining lives. PLAY IT!
game-hours: 296.5
review: Makes me dinkie twinkie :]
game-hours: 967.9
review: Recommended
game-hours: 784.6
review: Best fps game ive ever played really fun to play whit friends
game-hours: 429.3
review: Best Fps :)
game-hours: 247.7
review: There are knives in this game worth over 200 euro 10/10
game-hours: 630.9
review: Worth it :3
game-hours: 715.2
review: Challenging game, never gets old. I can't get enough of it!
game-hours: 447.0
review: Best game Vw.
game-hours: 1594.7
review: Best game ever 15$ is totally worth it I will recommend it to anyone
game-hours: 853.6
review: i used to be addicted to league of legends and i was lossing everything i had and then i switched to this and its even worse then league addiction. 10/10
game-hours: 1112.6
review: i just like it. PERIOD.
game-hours: 504.9
review: I love the game. It's just the hackers
game-hours: 782.2
review: The new kicking rules are awkward. They should not be allowed, in rest, the game has beautiful mp display criteria, alerted and great hitboxes. More difficult makes it more interesting.
game-hours: 1017.5
review: best game eu
game-hours: 149.6
review: This is a game?
game-hours: 592.9
review: 5****
game-hours: 346.2
review: super
game-hours: 893.7
review: Very good game
game-hours: 429.1
review: Hands down best online fps out there. Yes, its exctremly archaic. Yes, there is nothing but shooting and economy involved. Yes, it has a hight learning curve. Still, the amount of skill, teamplay and tactical awareness it provides is unparalleled. Thats it, now go and kill something.
game-hours: 1305.4
review: good game :D ftw
game-hours: 446.2
review: GREAT GAME
game-hours: 660.8
review: Very good games <lvl steam> :D
game-hours: 190.4
review: amazing game love love love it
game-hours: 1638.6
review: asibys
game-hours: 1660.7
review: yeah but to many people walling these days
game-hours: 566.9
review: Because B1nzy is always mad.
game-hours: 724.1
review: Doesn't really brake any barriers, but why should it? Great game with constant updates, same old Counter Strike but with upgraded guns, graphics, matchmaking system, ELO system, and new tactics with more grenades. Well worth the 15$ (and generally goes on sale for cheaper). I'd give it a 9/10.
game-hours: 795.1
review: Counter Strike: Global Offensive, or CS:GO, is a fast paced shooter. Most guns do not have a zoom feature so it isn't like call of duty if that is what you are wondering. You have to have a base understading in order to get really good. Now that doesn't mean the game is not fun. There are many game mods for all types of players. They range from rescue the hostage, to plant the bomb, to your basic team deathmatch. There is also a competitive playlist if you are into that hardcore stuff as well. Most of the maps are really well made and don't get old, if you do happen to get old of the standard maps then just buy the $3 map pack, or make a friend that has it since you can just join his lobby and play with em, that gives you this cool badge. This is a great game if you want something you can jump in and have fun.
game-hours: 399.7
review: Great game! Great price!
game-hours: 715.9
review: I love this game. I have played since the beginning. It's a blast to play with friends or even meet new people in a lobby. I have met a lot of cool people.
game-hours: 728.3
review: Pretty alright, skill cap a bit too high.
game-hours: 43.9
review: #AWP #EatD#ck #F#ggot- Every 5 year old on this games servers.
game-hours: 2574.4
review: pretty ok kill polise plant bomb its ok 10/10
game-hours: 233.3
review: I die a lot.
game-hours: 654.5
review: Haven't had so much fun with Counter-Strike in years. All the extra stuff added feels awesome :)
game-hours: 941.4
review: This is nice, yes, very good, much teamkill, such hardcore!! Must have!!!!!!
game-hours: 1094.9
review: Awesome FPS game to play with your friends online. Pieces of the Counter-Strike formula are dated at this point, but the superb heart and soul of Global Offensive is timeless. Teams are small, guns are lethal, and rounds are short. There's an addictive just-one-more-round quality to it, because there's a constant desire to do better than last time, to earn a satisfying kill, or to win in a new way. Call of Duty and Battlefield vets will wonder why they can't sprint to escape enemy fire or look down the iron sights to improve aim; Counter-Strike players will feel like they walked into their redecorated home. Certain map redesigns will catch hardcore fans off guard, but the changes are for the best -- the underpass choke point in de_dust, for instance, has a new escape route.
game-hours: 757.5
review: dis game is many pew pew so amaze much wow
game-hours: 44.9
review: Very good game
game-hours: 63.9
review: This is like the best game out there, you get the thrill of playing the game, its so much fun while playing with your friends. Making your own team and going against other team, its hell of fun. If you really like FPS games, and your in a challenge I would say buy it now, one of the best games I had on steam.
game-hours: 1807.6
review: ,
game-hours: 420.4
review: Better than source... Hope it shines
game-hours: 358.8
review: Great FPS
game-hours: 0.4
review: this game is basically just the old CS but one of the terrorists wears a cool pair of shades and a neckerchief over his mouth and looks like what the skype sunglasses emotion would look like if it was a bandit/cowboy builder with incorrect equipment renovating a dusty house
game-hours: 57.3
review: Hey guys it's just me here. I played 3...2...1 (CS) GO! Haha. I rate it 9 out of 10. I rated Infestation 8 out of 10. Garry's Mod 9 out of 10. Ace of Spades 2 out of 10. NMRIH i rated 7.5 out of 10. Iron Grip 10 out of 10. Well that's it for now. I hope you liked, you can comment or subcribe if you want (;
game-hours: 13.8
review: Baie nice game
game-hours: 1532.1
review: Great game, economy is decent. Buy nao
game-hours: 6.5
review: Aim gun. Shoot. How can you hate this game?
game-hours: 674.8
review: Best fps ever. havent stopped playing it 200+ hours played
game-hours: 363.3
review: so many hackers :/
game-hours: 641.2
review: X
game-hours: 63.1
review: Interesting and fun to play
game-hours: 353.1
review: Never - ending
game-hours: 310.5
review: For lots of years i played other FPS titles, but i got to be honest, CS is the best MMOFPS ever,
game-hours: 260.1
review: game that i would highly recomend. I've played bits and pieces of CS before but i picked up the complete pack and have been hooked on CSGO since. It plays smoothly and it's fun to play with friends. I love just looking in sheer awe of getting a cross map headshot with a deagle or winning against an AWP with just a p2000. Highly recomended
game-hours: 439.0
review: This is game great, much good, much wow.
game-hours: 420.5
review: I am addicted plus YOU CAN SHOOT CHICKENSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
game-hours: 292.3
review: Best Dating Sim ever.
game-hours: 1065.6
review: this game has guns, so if you're scared of them you shouldn't get this game.
game-hours: 123.6
review: Best FPS ever!!!
game-hours: 8.2
review: eeeeeeee
game-hours: 1131.6
review: sehr gut
game-hours: 429.2
review: CS!
game-hours: 215.0
review: Nice!
game-hours: 1141.5
review: gg
game-hours: 446.5
review: One of the best FPS ever
game-hours: 226.2
review: otlichnaya
game-hours: 2317.6
review: Good Game ;)
game-hours: 231.7
review: Good Game ^^
game-hours: 316.1
review: i guess its a pretty good game, fun to play. if you'd like to rage alot at other people, this is the game fo you.
game-hours: 262.1
review: Excellent game.
game-hours: 1727.9
review: It's about saving the world from terrorists....it's about "Counter-Strike" Now, Global Offensive took it to a whole new level with graphics better than ever and very realistic effects. The quality - price ratio it's very attractive and if you are a fan of previous series you will definitely like this new "Counter-Strike" All in all i believe i said everything.....just try it and you won't be disappointed!!!
game-hours: 206.9
review: ..
game-hours: 575.1
review: I made this account only for this game, it's that good. I found it very balanced, fun with friends, and if you are good at marketing, you can even earn some money ;) For the price it costs its the best.
game-hours: 151.0
review: Counter-Strike at its most competitive oriented beauty. Pros: - competetive match making - stable Valve servers - more guns - customization Cons: - No official Valve servers in Japan(?) - Not being able to play just classic or other mods (all servers are too far = bad ping) - Competitive maps being stack on dust and nuke (couldn't played any other maps yet) I just wish Valve balanced its gaming servers properly worldwide, so we can play with low ping and hopefully other mods.
game-hours: 665.5
review: Very cool, awesome FPS game.
game-hours: 173.9
review: When a friend told me there was a game that let players re-enact the well-known modern skirmishes of Dust 2, Nuke and Vertigo, I couldn't believe any game developer would have the audacity to create such turbulent moments in contemporary political history. Valve's Counter Strike: Global Offensive allows people to play through the scenarios the real counter-terrorism squads had to operate in and, for me, it has really been an eye opener. I'd recommend this game to any person who's studying a course based on inter-pol or counter-insurgency history as well as to those who are just into realistic shooter sims. Re-live the intense close-quarter engagements that our trained elites had to go through!
game-hours: 438.6
review: >Game is hard. >Well played!
game-hours: 101.7
review: a very good game you. recommnded for fans of it all, ok
game-hours: 357.6
review: Fun.
game-hours: 353.4
review: (Y)
game-hours: 436.2
review: Best shooter game I ever played
game-hours: 350.4
review: By far the best counter strike game yet! This game is possible the greatest multiplayer shooter ever created. The game makes you rely on only your skills and knowledge of the game, no "levels" or upgrading guns. Just you and your gun, the same guns your enemy has. This makes for a brutally difficult yet fun multiplayer game to play.
game-hours: 274.8
review: #1
game-hours: 28.4
review: best gile dari blackshot n mat madafakaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAA
game-hours: 978.6
review: Very good :D
game-hours: 151.9
review: its gay
game-hours: 505.1
review: What's so amazing with CS is that it has now been around for 14 years! And it's still stong and will probably keep being strong for the next decade as well. It's such a simple concept. 2 teams, one team defend the bombsite another attack it. It's amazing how thrilling it can be to play and watch CS. CS:GO is definitly the new fresh air that the CS franchice needs. The graphics are better, competitive play, "official" skins etc. There is only improvment coming from Valve and it'll probably become even a better game as the years go by. It's a great game and if you like the previous or any CS games I strongly suggest you pick this game up! 10/10
game-hours: 2992.9
review: gooood
game-hours: 840.6
review: Very good game
game-hours: 1890.7
review: If you take the time to learn it, great game.
game-hours: 1150.0
review: YEAYAYAYAYA
game-hours: 1204.1
review: good game
game-hours: 673.5
review: Very nice game , a must for CS lovers !!!
game-hours: 97.6
review: Epic game
game-hours: 2780.8
review: VERY GOOD GAME GET IT NOW :)
game-hours: 342.5
review: Really addicting game!
game-hours: 1527.9
review: Awesome game guys, Collecting skins is addictive :D
game-hours: 617.7
review: The most epic version of cs since 1.6
game-hours: 684.8
review: Great game, absolutely love it, way too addicting
game-hours: 621.7
review: Best game!
game-hours: 169.4
review: Bsta spelet NA!
game-hours: 899.2
review: Tosi hyv peli hankkikaa kaikki
game-hours: 516.4
review: It's Counter Strike, not much else to say about it. It's fun but difficult. Most of my time in it was invested in Jailbreak and those were some experiences I will never forget.
game-hours: 468.9
review: This game is most likely going to be one of your favourite. The competitve mode is the most popular and it includes a range of other modes, such as casual and offline/online with bots. If u are looing for a fun game to play alone or with your friends i would suggest this one to be on your wishlist. 5/5
game-hours: 981.2
review: BRcs:goK
game-hours: 1191.8
review: SKINS ARE BEST
game-hours: 493.8
review: Damn best part of CS
game-hours: 415.1
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is an incredible game. It incorporates many things that made Counter-Strike: Source and the orignal good, as well as delivering a new experience. Now, I'm no professional, but I like this game. Granted, there is a learning curve involved, and you will be killed quite often. But if you get over this, you will enjoy the game. They added a few new weapons, like the incendiary grenade and modified some maps to give a new experience. New game modes, like Arms Race which is basically gungame, were added to stretch out to more audiences. I would definately recommend this game to anyone that appreciates the genre.
game-hours: 154.2
review: Great FPS game. The best Counter Strike yet!
game-hours: 2070.4
review: CS:GO is a decent game. It still has bugs and glitches, but it will get there. But no more chickens please.
game-hours: 270.2
review: Good game..
game-hours: 389.9
review: good
game-hours: 1230.2
review: Love this game And Awesome Fps Game:D
game-hours: 657.5
review: After playing over 190 hours of this game I suppose I'd better give a review for it. The gameplay of this game is extraordinary - the whole game is, like all Counter-Strike games, completely multi-player, meaning that the Valve team can spend 100% of their time working on the game and making it run fine, instead of faffing around with a single-player campaign 5% of players will bother to play past the first level. The community, however... it's terrible. But if you just realise that this is a $15US game, don't really take any offense to the little kids, they're everywhere (but more so on Call of Duty). To summarize, this game's excellent, buy it. Now.
game-hours: 634.9
review: This game is very hard, but it can be very rewarding.
game-hours: 645.8
review: Interesting game with in game goodies
game-hours: 199.2
review: Tick is shit, hit detection is shit, full of hackers* and retarded recoil system. 9/10 it's ok. *on valve servers
game-hours: 0.8
review: bot match is ok. nothing else worthwhile...
game-hours: 162.8
review: You can kill chickens. 10/10
game-hours: 688.8
review: Pretty good, fun game keeps me comming back.
game-hours: 1283.5
review: Good Game.
game-hours: 2.8
review: I WOULD  THIS GAME IF I WAS MENTAL!!!!!
game-hours: 45.0
review: Very Good game.
game-hours: 1207.3
review: Beware of Lurkers, Creepers. Smurfs and Hackers in this fantasy world of extreme realism. GO GO GO!
game-hours: 245.4
review: guzel oyun tavsiye ederim
game-hours: 452.4
review: Very Good Game
game-hours: 189.4
review: One of the best tactical shooters you'll ever find
game-hours: 411.3
review: Add me!
game-hours: 714.1
review: Great game. Just don't let people know you're black, that's when they start team killing you.
game-hours: 447.9
review: best
game-hours: 12.5
review: This is a nice game :3
game-hours: 535.7
review: best game
game-hours: 978.5
review: Great gamee.... 1.6 is better still, but still greatt
game-hours: 334.6
review: Probably the most addictive and rage indusing game I have ever played but, wow, I cannot put this game down!
game-hours: 777.4
review: Best game evah!
game-hours: 222.2
review: Fun, but 1.6 was better
game-hours: 941.1
review: awesome game.
game-hours: 320.7
review: Great game, the hitboxes are a bit weird, and 64 tick sucks, but I like the gameplay alot.
game-hours: 684.5
review: GG Good Game OP
game-hours: 657.9
review: n1ce!
game-hours: 55.5
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 747.3
review: Saquen la p90 o haganla pesada
game-hours: 2028.1
review: Best of the best :)
game-hours: 676.7
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 263.9
review: CS GO for eSport Player
game-hours: 229.1
review: Very strategic game compared to other FPS games.
game-hours: 1349.7
review: good game
game-hours: 594.4
review: BEST
game-hours: 1441.4
review: goooooood
game-hours: 355.0
review: HORRYY SHEET
game-hours: 1826.2
review: Easily the best FPS game ever! You will have lots of fun playing normal games with friends and the competitive scene is epic. Buy CS:GO today and let the fun begin!
game-hours: 908.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 827.6
review: Amazing Game, Certainly the best FPS. Once you're into it you wont stop Playing.
game-hours: 127.7
review: Great game
game-hours: 446.5
review: ss
game-hours: 89.4
review: So hardcore, if you play with really good players. But it is really amazing game, because you can kill how many chinkens you want :D
game-hours: 2462.9
review: So nice game!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1346.1
review: awwyee
game-hours: 46.7
review: Amazing game! Addicted haha
game-hours: 349.5
review: I like it it was a fun game, if i were you and i like Fps games get it.
game-hours: 606.9
review: jees
game-hours: 155.7
review: hard for starters this int like COD where all the skills you need is pointing and clicking.On CS:GO you need to use your brain the only thing i dont like is that you need to buy pho3nix pass to get some maps and you can only plae it once, and that competitive is the only good game mode for CS:GO so this game is not for quick plays I WOULD RECOMEND THIS GAME IF YOU HAVE 100 MINUTES TO SPARE ON THE WEKKEND
game-hours: 183.7
review: best game eva
game-hours: 826.4
review: MUCH FUN!!! :D BEST CS GAME THAT I EVER PLAYED!
game-hours: 108.4
review: Zajabyste
game-hours: 549.1
review: great game
game-hours: 53.8
review: CS:GO is an amazing first-person shooter. Easy to get started, easy to play with friends, and tons of fun. You'll find yourself playing the same maps over and over and enjoying every minute of it. I wish there were non-realistic weapons, too. A few sci-fi guns (properly scaled to not be too powerful, of course), would be a a blast (literally)!
game-hours: 120.3
review: Fun as hell
game-hours: 1083.0
review: Awesome! :O
game-hours: 281.1
review: best multiplayer shooter out there. only negative part: tryhard flamer kids @ "competitive mode"
game-hours: 650.4
review: Getting bigger every day
game-hours: 184.9
review: It's good.
game-hours: 102.8
review: 9/11 its okay
game-hours: 1458.1
review: Sin duda lo mejor que se ha lanzado al mercado de la rama de los counters. super real , ademas incluye el modo competitivo que le da un toque especial al juego [95/100]pts
game-hours: 742.6
review: a
game-hours: 1393.4
review: <3
game-hours: 7.4
review: True fact: killing 11 chickens is like killing 1 outlaw. Honest.
game-hours: 112.2
review: Really Good Game guys
game-hours: 856.8
review: bliattt
game-hours: 1094.2
review: A little different than 1.6 but it has its perks. Very good gameplay but if on steam servers watch out for the 64 tick. Great game overall.!
game-hours: 1103.6
review: This game is not for wooden computers : )
game-hours: 26.7
review: First of all, here are my specs 2011 21.5" iMac 2.5GHz Quad Core i5 (I5-2400S) 4GB 1333 MHz 512MB GDDR5 Radeon HD 6750M 500 GB (7200 RPM) Serial ATA (6 Gb/s*) OS X Mavericks 10.9.2 Not that this game is a challenge for any computer, but still, I think it's always nice to know the specs from which the review is written. All graphic options are maxed out. Always a fun game to play, whether it's online or doing challenges with bots. I've played every single CS game and it has always been one of those games that never looses its value, I always come back to it. This one in particular is the best one yet, in my opinion. I never saw CS series to have any sort of spectacular graphics. Even for its time it was nothing special, the whole game was about the game itself. I do think that this is the first game in a series that has some pretty nice graphics, although some object, like cars, are still pretty rough. But the whole atmosphere from weapons to people to majority of surrounding is pretty detailed and nice to look at. It doesn't feel like something you play just to get your score up. With low price to begin with and often sales it's a no-brainer. I was very happy to have a Mac version as well.
game-hours: 610.2
review: Best game
game-hours: 1319.3
review: This game is a good game if you like Shooters, and also like a bit of stratergy in it. It is hard on new players, but once you learn you way around CS:GO, you will be impressed with the game!
game-hours: 1251.7
review: Great game :X
game-hours: 1568.1
review: ey
game-hours: 656.9
review: epic game - cs is still fun - like in the old days with 1.6 but it looks better :)
game-hours: 1037.6
review: good game.
game-hours: 1487.2
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 1063.1
review: This game is Da Bomb. Counter- strike: Global Offensive is the best game i have on steam so far, It's a FPS with very good graphics. I reccomend Counter-Strike: Global Offemsive
game-hours: 2719.3
review: Great Competitive Play, Very good company and their fight against cheaters. Would recommend to those who like competitive heart-racing gameplay and overall great FPS for even casual players.
game-hours: 1217.9
review: A really fun game, with a huge learning curve
game-hours: 270.3
review: How often do you run at a game that can pay for other games?
game-hours: 386.1
review: Very nice!! Everyone should get it! Low end machines are able to run it nicely ;)
game-hours: 997.4
review: Just Awesome!!!
game-hours: 87.4
review: Awesome Graphics than 1.6 Totally Worth Buying It :D
game-hours: 657.9
review: Good game, guys
game-hours: 344.6
review: Basically this game is the funniest game I ever played. I play it on a daily basis and play and meet new people. Counter Strike is love and Counter Strike is Life :DDDDDDD
game-hours: 540.9
review: <3
game-hours: 655.2
review: I will highly recommend to anyone that enjoys skill FPS games. This is differendt from the rest because it requires skill to play but at first it is very hard to get the hang of but then on out it is by far the best FPS game ever created 10/5 stars
game-hours: 358.3
review: If you don't already own this then there's a big hole in your steam inventory.
game-hours: 99.9
review: 10/10 Would shoot again.
game-hours: 185.3
review: very tacticool
game-hours: 785.6
review: found out the hard way not to start out online. train with the expert bots to imporve aim and control then try online
game-hours: 313.2
review: Great game. Pick it up today!
game-hours: 1170.6
review: Really great game. Tactics are key. CoD players F off.
game-hours: 7.4
review: You take guns go pew pew and shoot terrorist in head is fun 420/10
game-hours: 235.8
review: I opened one crate and now I can't stop taking out large loans to buy keys. Fantastic virtual money pit 10/10.
game-hours: 640.8
review: I've spent more money on skins than I have the game.
game-hours: 542.0
review: good
game-hours: 585.4
review: It's mothering Counter-Strike. Of course it's good.
game-hours: 710.7
review: Great point and click adventure. Do recommend
game-hours: 805.9
review: SWWEEET
game-hours: 190.0
review: Epic series with an epic game. Love it!
game-hours: 986.6
review: This game is a lot of fun. It requires both strategy and teamwork. 5v5 is fun and so are public/local servers!
game-hours: 713.1
review: Bad game dont buy. 9/10
game-hours: 156.5
review: rate 10/10 on ruining lives. PLAY IT!
game-hours: 296.5
review: Makes me dinkie twinkie :]
game-hours: 967.9
review: Recommended
game-hours: 784.6
review: Best fps game ive ever played really fun to play whit friends
game-hours: 1079.3
review: fun
game-hours: 721.5
review: wooo
game-hours: 2673.2
review: A great FPS since the those competitive e-Sports gaming days and a Cyber-Cafe popular LAN game before the age of MOBA such as DOTA2 and LoL...One of the few FPS titles which still carries the package of fun, action, teamwork and competitive spirit where 5v5 players taking roles of Terrorist and Counter Terrorist battling out with each other in Bomb/Defuse and Hostage modes.. Despite the addition of some DLCs and the Weapon Skin System (Where Valve and Lord Gaben demands extra money from the game), the game is still fresh with lots of FPS players and will continue to grow due to its large community and fun it has to offer..This is definitely a must-game to get, thou I am confident most of you got the game already by the time I started writing this ;)
game-hours: 641.4
review: This Game is AN ADDICTION
game-hours: 835.1
review: Great game!
game-hours: 161.4
review: Why Wouldn't You Buy CS:GO ? :O
game-hours: 354.2
review: No reason needed.
game-hours: 1361.8
review: I am f*ckin addicted! ;D
game-hours: 510.7
review: There's an old saying I heard somewhere that said if someone calls you a cheater in an online game when you're actually not cheating, you win the game. I won at this game. 5/5. Balls of steel required.
game-hours: 1849.0
review: A worthy successor to the Counter-Strike series that's definately worth being played. Featuring easier access to competitive matchmaking than all of its predecessors, getting the real experience is better than before. Even though it has a lot of new features such as said matchmaking, better demo-reviewing, stats or weapon customization, it still follows the old, proven way. The gameplay is a bit different than what one is used to from other FPS titles. It is focussing more on teamwork, communication and individual skill than any other currently played FPS. It has a very direct and clean feel to it and when the basics are mastered, playing this game becomes even better. The graphics aren't top notch, but are still a huge step ahead compared previous Counter-Strike titles. The completely reworked Source Engine powers the game and any bugs that might be encountered are, once pointed out, usually fixed in regular updates. These updates often include new weapon finishes or map pools and usually come out 1-2 times per month. In addition to the reworked Counter-Strike originals, new maps have been added to the map pool that can be played in competitive and casual matchmaking, as well as in the built-in Gungame and Deathmatch variants. Also, there is the map workshop where map creators have a possibility to get their maps out in the open to be reviewed and played. Some of the most played and most liked maps are packed in so called Operations which usually last six months. There have been two of those operations, both featuring unique collectible coins - and more are to come. Overall, a great game that's best played with four friends (or strangers). The visuals and the gameplay might not apply to everyone, but to me it is one of the best games to date. With some work put into deathmatching and improving oneself it will become a great experience. Another plus are the relatively low hardware requirements that allow players with low-end PCs to still play the game. After over 800 hours of gameplay and over 350 competitive matchwins, I can say that this is by far my favorite game of the moment.
game-hours: 77.8
review: i think is best game, think i kill but no get loot me sad but still good 10/12 (Y) best resolution good grahpcis like seven of tem and nice play... 2/10
game-hours: 1449.8
review: Wooof WOooof WOOOO
game-hours: 161.9
review: Is a best game!
game-hours: 64.4
review: xd
game-hours: 2151.0
review: Loving this game ! :)
game-hours: 1252.5
review: So bloody awsome! Mad about the smoke-dalay..
game-hours: 678.1
review: Before I played counter strike global offensive I was a source player, and I didnt really like it I just played it cuz thats only what my friend plays, then csgo came i didnt wanna buy it. but then it was on sale and I tought to my self "I could atleast try it" I did. I regret that I didnt buy it earlier, this game is amazing. the only bad thing about it is those damn trolls... The first thing they do when I join a competetive match is kicking me leaving me with a 7 day cooldown, I really hope more people reported these kind of people so we can get rid of them, Anyway, One of the best games I ever played you should buy it, its so amazing
game-hours: 594.7
review: Better then games like CoD. Doesn't have real op perks and other things! Ill play it all day when im allowed to :P But thats not offten. Must get it!
game-hours: 182.9
review: Good game
game-hours: 164.0
review: .
game-hours: 863.1
review: mycket bra spel, om man gillar att flja strmmen och inte bli utfryst av sina internetvnner som spelar CS s r detta ett mycket bra kp
game-hours: 1032.5
review: Huge learning curve from the Run N' Gun CoD/Battlefield titles I grew up with. Once you break the habit of relying on ADS and spraying everywhere, this can be a great game. When you do finally get the hang of it (13 hours in for me) there is a very rewarding feeling you get when actually doing good for a few rounds. Definitely recommend this game.
game-hours: 1088.0
review: awesomeeeeeeeeeeee
game-hours: 606.7
review: One of the best FPS out there! Really addictive and fun!...
game-hours: 442.5
review: ALthough the skill curve is very high a few months you'll be getting better and then if you have some friends to play with nothing can beat the fun this game offers
game-hours: 417.4
review: Fantastic Fun
game-hours: 656.1
review: Just... perfect
game-hours: 739.3
review: valve pls buff the scout move speed
game-hours: 759.1
review: Best game NA
game-hours: 1249.6
review: Awesome Game
game-hours: 1390.3
review: amazing game....next 5 years at least in top online games...
game-hours: 385.3
review: Really Good and Funny Game. The Best thing is the Rank System. Skins. Skins. ez skins ez life
game-hours: 1657.8
review: This game made me racist, 10/10
game-hours: 336.7
review: Its really good game, Counter-Strike players would know it. Get this game and play it! :)
game-hours: 1001.0
review: cool
game-hours: 1053.2
review: i very like this game. very good game every one should try it better then all CS
game-hours: 967.5
review: Good Game
game-hours: 872.7
review: Good FPS name
game-hours: 724.1
review: BUY IT!
game-hours: 100.1
review: One of the finest LAN games Ive played. Expertly crafted and refined and far more accessible to new players than previous incarnations. The new Demolition mode is quick and intense, with smaller maps sporting just one bomb site while plenty of varied cover guarantees exciting firefights. This mode is excellent for new players as everyone is given full armour and a gun at the beginning of each round (starting with the AK/M4). If you get a kill, next round you get a different, typically less versatile, gun for the next round (with grenades being awarded for multiple kills). This auto balances teams excellently as the most effective players have the worse guns while the new players spend longer with the easier ones. Theres the added bonus that when playing with bots, you can take control of them when youre out. All in all, this is the finest CS there is. With smoother, more varied gameplay, better sound and graphics, and a wealth of high quality, free content in the steam workshop. Worth every penny.
game-hours: 1032.2
review: The successor of Counter-Strike 1.6 and Source has been overall fun while playing. The maps and models were very well made so CS:GO looks great!
game-hours: 837.3
review: Best CS game since 1.6 ;) really enjoying it love the ingame obtainable skins
game-hours: 274.9
review: nice :D
game-hours: 1478.3
review: Game is great, with a good community and a fun competative game mode.
game-hours: 911.4
review: Awesome game just like the original one with improved graphics, love the gameplay but the skin thing has actually made people addicted to it. Nice game overall
game-hours: 708.3
review: Nrmaalne
game-hours: 341.4
review: Good game, toxic community. But if you have a lot of friends that play it can be fun.
game-hours: 103.8
review: It's an actual FPS. Your skill vs their skill.
game-hours: 1135.3
review: THIS. GAME. IS. WORD.
game-hours: 691.0
review: CS:GO is the successor to the popular "CSS" title. with the requirement of extreme precision, witts, and money conservation, this game will be known for years to come. This game is not only for the Competitive or hardcore gamer... CS:GO has casual lobbies where i myself have made alot of friends as i learned the game. the friendly nature of players offers a benefit to both Casual and Competitve players allowing great communication and cooperation. On top of the games stellar mechanics and community, CS:GO offers a HUGE variety of in-game purchases for skins and maps THAT NEVER REQUIRE REAL MONEY PURCHASES, EVER. you recieve drops as rounds end that can be traded with other players for their skins, or sold on the market for Steam wallet funds. A game i can play for hours on end with personalization that i can buy with money i earned WITHIN the game is something that truly makes this title stand out 10 out of frickin' 10 i recommend fully that you play this game Good job, Valve
game-hours: 118.3
review: If you want a game where countless seagulls bite and sting your face, then this is the one for you. Sometimes, it just gets out of hand and there are so many seagulls that even the best computer lags. I bought this game way back in 1992, when the beta was first out. This game started out as a mod for Grand Theft Auto:Chinatown Wars, but Blizzard Entertainment launched it as a full on game for Steam. This game has several guns to pick from. The infamous cannon, the slug-mug-tug, and few others. If you are lucky, there are crate drops that occur once a month and you can buy a key from the In-Game store with 5,000 microsoft points. The worst possible unbox you can get is a knife, so if you get a knife, then put it on the market for $0.03. That's what I sure did.
game-hours: 286.6
review: its a very g
game-hours: 18.6
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is one of my favorite games to jerk to. I know most of you would disagree, that other games are better for jerking. But hear me out. First off, why a first-person shooter? (Yes, I realize that to most of you -- OBVIOUSLY first-person shooters are best for jerking. But there are some people who don't realize this, and I think it's only proper to first explain a little). I mean, I'll admit it's kinda weird that some (indeed MANY) of you haven't made the connection. And I'm not looking down on you if you instead jerk to games like DOTA and Pokemon, and not to FPSs. Some people just discover things a little later. And that's okay. Everybody's different. Indeed, maybe now, if you were to load up your favorite FPS, you'd find that you DON'T like jerking to it, and would find yourself turning that game off and loading up something you know you like to jerk to, like Dark Souls. But again, no worries. No one is judging you. Just take comfort in the fact that, one day, or one night, you'll load up a shooter like Rust; you'll remember that it's illegal to shoot people and jerk at the same time, and you'll just FEEL it. Some of us just take longer to grow up. And that's okay. Now that I have addressed the r*t*rds, why Counter-Strike: GO? Why not Call of Duty or Battlefield? Why not jerk to Half-Life? Singleplayer shooters are generally not fast-paced enough. Like, you'll see an enemy, shoot and jerk at it until it dies, and then that battle's over. Maybe some of that enemy's buds will be around, and you'll get more jerking and shooting done at once -- but that's if you're lucky! [An exception is Painkiller and games like it; from a gameplay perspective I think those games are great, but they're a little too BDSM for my tastes (especially Painkiller), and thus they lose to even CoD and Battlefield, IMHO]. So why is CS:GO better than shooters that are similar? Three reasons. 1) Pacing: the sexual tension in those games is constantly ruined. Like, I'll join a server, and find a nice corner or dark spot, and then some air thing will fly in and kill me. In counter-strike, the only flying things are small pieces of metal and fluids. 2) A**h***s: when I hide in a spot away from air units, everyone calls me a camper, and a noob, and a f*g. So this is a personal thing. I don't like moving around with the WASD key and then quickly moving my hand to my genitalia whenever I see an enemy player. I've been injured more than once playing the way everyone else does and just don't like it. And I suspect that in their hearts, most male players don't like it, either, but play like that anyway. And so -- how does Counter-Strike: GO avoid this s problem? It has casual servers full of marijuana-smoking people. And they're so chill that when you "camp," it's okay. They might ask why you're camping, and you can just tell them that you're jerking, and they'll be like, "Oh okay; that's cool, brah." And then they'll ask if you lift, and then play music from the late 80s over their mics. The casual scene in CS:GO understands. They're accepting. 3) Quality of the Guns: Valve's guns are perfect. They are simple and elegant. Sound exciting, and yet are comforting. They are somehow smooth and yet scream passion in a way few game guns do. They are a rarity among guns in gaming; they are perfect guns for touching yourself. So CS:GO is the perfect game, right? Well, not quite. Before I voice my only criticism, I want to point out that I'm a feminist. My father was a very feminist man, and when he would take us camping, we would sing feminist songs, and burn pre-1960s dresses in the campfire. And though my mom was really mean to me and got thirty years in prison, I'm very sensitive to the way men interact with women and what's disrespectful. Now that you know I'm a feminist, just know that, probably because of my upbringing, there's just something I dislike about shooting women and masturbating at the same time. It just comes off as very disrespectful to women. And so when I hear ladies over their mics on Counter-Strike, and I know they're on the other team, I feel anxious. And not in a good, pure, sexual way, but in a shameful way. This may sound sexist -- Why's it okay to shoot guys and jerk the ole sausage, but not do the same to women? -- but the truth is it's just a different, sordid feeling. And it gets even worse when I'm not sure if the female voice belongs to a woman or to a little boy (or worst of all: a little girl!). The thing is, I am 136% against jerking off while shooting children, and I'm sure most of you are, too. The good news is: very few little girls play Counter-Strike: GO. And overall this issue is not a game breaker because half the time the female and underage players are on my team, and I can just jerk and shoot around them. Sound: 8/10 Jerkability: 9/10 Gameplay: 10/10 Writing: 7/10 Graphics: 8/10 Feminism: 5/10 Overall Score: 8/10 Special Note: I accept that the original Left 4 Dead might be the best game for jerking.
game-hours: 773.7
review: Good game You shoot people, Shooting is fun, when you shoot it comes blood. Sometimes they shoot you then you bleed. Wise tip : If someone shoots you young padawan blame lag or hacks
game-hours: 2716.3
review: i love it is like crack for me lol
game-hours: 764.2
review: 10/10
game-hours: 80.3
review: Finally brings together 1.6 fans and Source fans with great matchmaking service. I kept playing 1.6 instead of Source, because Source didn't feel like "Counter-Strike" to me. I never feel like that playing CS:GO. This feels like CS. It's a revival!! Get on board!
game-hours: 748.7
review: This game is so awesome, I sucking spent 120 dollars on a 14 dollar games. Gameplay is mediocre, Skins are lucking sexy and the community is better than league. abs(1/10 * 10 ^ 4). I would not recommend this game if you are a team fortress hat sagget like Wafflecopter who spent 2000 hour playing it. He is truely the best person in the world. I like to hump watermelons. 10/10 i would fap to this game 10/10 Would play 10/10 u must 10/10 join us 10/10 join Cj, worst clan OCE
game-hours: 606.1
review: Chicken chasing simulator 9.99999/10
game-hours: 892.6
review: one of my favourtie games ez money maker for steam games and one of the best fps ever made :D thumbs up
game-hours: 3656.9
review: A good game :D :X
game-hours: 1.1
review: would /10
game-hours: 20.6
review: i love this game so much!!!
game-hours: 1151.8
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 344.7
review: One of the best game
game-hours: 54.5
review: Get it
game-hours: 46.7
review: The best Counter Strike in the series! Everything looks great, all the guns feel good, and plenty of varied game modes!
game-hours: 881.8
review: Best Game,Best Gameplay,
game-hours: 150.7
review: sick game
game-hours: 677.8
review: Best game ever !
game-hours: 385.5
review: Buy once,Ruin your life. 11/10
game-hours: 2903.5
review: great game....
game-hours: 7220.2
review: if you wanna pwn noobs this game is a way of life
game-hours: 5068.3
review: aaaaaaa
game-hours: 1616.7
review: Really good game.
game-hours: 1788.5
review: good
game-hours: 866.6
review: really good game get it now
game-hours: 1716.9
review: Its a fun game if you have five people to play with getting randoms just kinda sucks alot of the time.
game-hours: 195.2
review: Game pro as fu*k.
game-hours: 527.5
review: its not war until u paint ur gun
game-hours: 878.9
review: Wow, Thats really all I can say about this game. Now I bought this game for the econmy, getting into it and seeing how it would go (me being used to the TF2 econmy) And its absoutly phenominal. It goes strictly by the Market prices, and for once, if the weapon is cool and has a cool skin, it raises price! Not just some ing bp.tf  who say ooo 1 sale moost loower proooce noaw fer da reeep! No, no  like that here. its awesome. The gameplay is great, Makes me want to play more everytime. I really wasnt expecting this, but just wow. CS:GO is probally the best shoot em up multiplayer, but I would like to see in the future a single player, or even a co-op. That would make this game complete. 9/10
game-hours: 189.4
review: Im Bad, That sums up how alot of people will feel when they buy this!
game-hours: 40.0
review: Great game, 9/10, another 1 if I could actually get more weapons to sell. Also if I could STOP getting so many IDF cards!!!
game-hours: 1923.7
review: Liiga kerge, rge mngige.
game-hours: 1590.3
review: 10/10
game-hours: 1164.0
review: yes
game-hours: 735.4
review: This game is FUN!!!! But you have to accept the fact that it crashes due to [GAME]pak01_002.vpk is not allowed crashing your game and MIND YOU its a file thats from the game itself and is required to have to run the game and it takes 3 mins to validate and not to mention the dld if you have a slow dld speed and thus making you abandon the match you were playing and forcing you to a 30min/2hr/24hr/7day cooldown. And not to mention the amount of hackers.
game-hours: 500.5
review: Cs:GO good.
game-hours: 243.0
review: One of te best MultiplayerFPS, no doubts
game-hours: 164.4
review: Best money making ever !
game-hours: 161.0
review: 10/10 Ruined my life :C
game-hours: 561.7
review: good game
game-hours: 167.8
review: Shoot skins, rescue terrorists, trade hostages.
game-hours: 659.3
review: Sho fun.
game-hours: 48.0
review: My Favorite FPS game ever!! because CSGO is a near-perfect multiplayer shooter. Unlike the previous versions, which were often difficult to get in to, this one offers a variety of modes that will appeal to all skill levels. It has a large community and a well supported workshop, ensuring that this discount-priced game will be around for years to come. In short, you either play as the good or bad guys and must either kill the other team or complete objectives to win the round, which will earn you more money to do the same thing again but faster. It's been around for years and has spawned many imitators.
game-hours: 994.9
review: 10/10
game-hours: 359.0
review: Bish Bash Bosh.
game-hours: 1341.9
review: Great game 10/10
game-hours: 910.1
review: #REKT, much hacks such wowe (   )(   )
game-hours: 1111.6
review: Buy it! The best competitive game in the e-sports cenario now... the only problem: on the MM you play against cheater 5 times in 4 matchs.
game-hours: 922.3
review: Trs bon jeux! se dirige dans la bonne direction! Pour les fans de 1.6, le jeux est enormment diffrent!
game-hours: 698.2
review: weri gud gem !
game-hours: 0.6
review: nice graphics,new maps,new bots and new weapons such a nice game only just for $15 go go go grab it.
game-hours: 575.9
review: I`ve played the series of counter strike and with time the things are more serious. Like all players find a way to play this game, and make a lifestile of this game, Now all this features are composed in one game : CS:GO.
game-hours: 1412.5
review: Counter-strike: Global Offensive is the best game to buy on Steam ATM. It has everything that you would want from a game: NO PAY2WIN! Ofcourse you can buy things but those things give no advantages. Like Skins. The AWP Asiimov doesn't give you +100% Rate of fire or something, it's only for a decoration. CS:GO Is right now my second most played game on Steam. This game is super fun but it does have some problems, like the 64 TICK SERVERS! 64 Tick servers are mostly ValvE Servers. Sometimes you hit the dude 30 times and only does about 19 dmg. Not spraying. That's why you should play on Community servers like altPUG, FaceIT or something. Not ESEA. But if you want to pay for a company to mine bitcoins with your graphics card go ahead! Have fun! Otherwise the game is perfect. 10/10 Recommend buying on a sale. Not for the full price ;D If you buy it on a sale then buy some keys and crates and try to get a knife. :D I also reccomend watching WarOwl's videos on how to improve. Helped me a lot!
game-hours: 580.1
review: KILLLL KILLLLL game :D
game-hours: 62.4
review: best competive game for me ;)
game-hours: 1315.6
review: One of the best shooter ever :D
game-hours: 140.2
review: yes
game-hours: 792.7
review: Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup Yup
game-hours: 336.0
review: Fast action with top-notch graphics. Reccomended for both casual and competetive as there are actually two game modes called casual and competetive. If you are a fast paced casual/competetive player this game is for you. The maps have great aesthetics with different enviorments for different weapons. Dont worry about your favorite maps are going away from past Counter-Strike games as they're back in CSGO. If it is not their once again the Operations that are held most likely have it there sometimes. Even if you dont have the money for the VERY cheap operations, you can play with bots and play it for free. If your friend has the Operation, than he/she can invite you to a game online that is on an Operation map. Even if the maps are not still there, Valve added the Steam Workshop to Counter-Strike Global Offensive. The map workshop hold many maps, it is most likely that your favorite maps are there. Examples: fy_poolday,Prodigy,cs_compound, and many more! if you have a taste of a different style for maps, the workshop features custom maps too! If you make one and it gets popular, it may be added in to the game!
game-hours: 245.4
review: Great game, fun playing competetive with your buds! :)
game-hours: 1132.3
review: pung
game-hours: 292.0
review: Amazing game, great time playing competitive dispite the bad news I have heard from other gamers. Best played with friends
game-hours: 575.8
review: You hate it and love it at the same time! its your weekly dose of rage and putting your rage on someone is always good.
game-hours: 312.6
review: I like shooting people tbh
game-hours: 205.8
review: There's chickens. Forget shooting the enemy. You can shoot chickens. chickens/10
game-hours: 530.4
review: Spontaneously gives me cancer each night. 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 836.8
review: Here let me explain Counter-Strike: Global Offensive in a couple words: Fricken awesome! A great game for all users and traders. CS:GO as it all from playing with bots to having a insane match with other users. #BestGameEver
game-hours: 959.1
review: Its turns me on hardy har hard
game-hours: 457.9
review: If you like getting shot in the head by friends this is the game for you
game-hours: 4376.6
review: No es mejor que el .6, Pero es un juegaso de todas formas. :D
game-hours: 337.5
review: This game is very good, u have a competetive side, and the fun/troll side. U have alot of friendly people to play with and have a challenge during the game non-stop! I recommend this 9/10
game-hours: 373.6
review: Its a must play game.Awesome with great graphics!!!
game-hours: 1047.4
review: Adicting and very nice game with nice graphic, with friends this game is awsome !!! 10/10
game-hours: 604.7
review: so cool
game-hours: 194.1
review: this game is good and we need teamwork to play
game-hours: 256.2
review: classically awesome !!!
game-hours: 1221.4
review: Awesome game :)
game-hours: 751.4
review: This game is good , but it make me rage so hard on people , no offence to people , but there are too much russians here , atleast , speak english...
game-hours: 757.1
review: Good game!!!
game-hours: 558.6
review: Da. Yum. This game is so amazing, i splooge daily because of it. Sometimes it makes me want to molest a Zebra, but then i realize, that'd be messed up. My friend Fish, has been penetrated by my scar-20 so many times he doesn't feel the pain anymore. In competitive I've Flash-BANGED so many people, that they just accept it willingly. My uncle fred enjoys playing counter strike with me. I always STRIKE him harder. He always yells and screams so I have to tell him "Hush, my parents are upstairs..."
game-hours: 247.2
review: Very guns. Much blood.
game-hours: 234.7
review: Would recommend if you mind seeing all the terrorists as Arabs (except for one or two maps).
game-hours: 346.4
review: Very good
game-hours: 933.9
review: Good
game-hours: 72.3
review: i love CSGO but i hate playing it
game-hours: 402.6
review: buhf ghjcnj ,jv,f!!
game-hours: 155.0
review: One of the best Counter Strike game, just be careful on spending your money on crates and keys...
game-hours: 604.1
review: killing chickens gets you points. 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 1209.5
review: GOOD
game-hours: 467.2
review: better than cod
game-hours: 222.4
review: KILL THEM TERRORISTS. MAKE DUBYA PROUD!
game-hours: 1382.2
review: This is Counter Strike. It's the shooter for competitive and fair fights! What is else to say?, play it, get better and have fun.
game-hours: 1010.2
review: Counter Strike with better graphics!
game-hours: 488.4
review: I'm the king of Sweden I say get this game couse I like it!
game-hours: 1941.5
review: addicted/10 would not recommend.
game-hours: 154.4
review: Its a very nice tactical team play with new stuff like competitions and weapons and map designs. :)
game-hours: 7.6
review: It's a damn fine FPS, i guess. This sounds... well, passive agressive, but really, it's a very good game. I'd reccomend it.
game-hours: 364.2
review: Awesome Game buy it worth it !!!
game-hours: 1229.4
review: (Y)
game-hours: 620.1
review: One of the best FPS games out there. - 8.5/10
game-hours: 183.4
review: A really good FPS game. Better than COD :D 10/10
game-hours: 63.3
review: Everyone knows Counter Strike. It's synonomous with Valve. CS:GO is no exception to the fantastic games of the Counter Strike franchise. No matter how long it takes you to get good at the game, or how many times you yell at the top of your lungs because a teammate totally thinks he can eliminate the rest of the Traitors before the bomb explodes, this game provides hours of excitement and fun.
game-hours: 958.0
review: If you don't mind being sand bagged by smurfs or cheated out of your proper rank and or skill level by hackers (since the so called ranking system is a major part of this cs release) then this is the none shot regging FPS for you. Seems as if the only thing the Devs for this game care about is how they can make more money off of you with this game. 1/5 of you teammates in MM will be a kid or adult who is upset and will greif you and or the team. Seems like 20% of the players are truly hacking(kids and adults who got upset because they were told they were bad so much they got tried and bought hacking software). If you do get a team of people just trying to play and have a good time while doing so you will learn quick that the 64 tick servers only serv the purpose to host the game and its mechanics at a low level of play especially if you have a lower end pc. Besides dealing with hackers, smurfs(people sand bagging), terrible reg(shoot a player 10 times and 4-5 shots will reg), and half  servers that seem to have lag issues on a constant basis then this is the CS game for you. If you are looking to get into this game and test your skills well then don't. There are way to many factors that fall into playu that are out of your control that will hinder your true MM skill. IF you are a CS fan and have been then you might want to just wait for the next major tourney when the game goes for half price or even lower(this is where the hackers come in, they buy multiple accs and hack awzy untill their acc gets banned and they dont care their mommy bought them the game for $7-$3!!!!!!). So get ready to eat your hat when you are walking and checking corners to be prefired by that trash talking kid who runs around most of the game with his cross hair on the ground yet he is top fragging and boasting his skills while claiming you suck at half time by screaming into the mic at the top of his feverish half wit lungs and mind. :) With all this being said, I still enjoy the  out of the game.
game-hours: 618.2
review: I assume some may try to kill me after saying this, but GO > 1.6. Get over it.
game-hours: 643.7
review: Great opeartions and more even after u buy the game
game-hours: 188.4
review: this game is amazing
game-hours: 1058.3
review: Remeba' dis is Bandiut cuntray.. shoot anythan that mooves.
game-hours: 150.6
review: I like doing 97 damage to people before i die all the time so this game is good
game-hours: 109.6
review: Stvarno dobra, dobra igrica :D
game-hours: 510.4
review: Best. Game. Ever.
game-hours: 1734.7
review: Awesome  bro
game-hours: 2084.8
review: Yes very good game is reccomend
game-hours: 667.2
review: good game
game-hours: 263.8
review: Great game can recommend
game-hours: 365.7
review: ma vie :D
game-hours: 105.6
review: Amazing Game, One of The Best game i've ever Played :D (Y)
game-hours: 594.0
review: I just love this game,I purchased it two days ago and It's awesome:D
game-hours: 243.2
review: no lost my girlfriend lost my life lost my life i never had
game-hours: 979.6
review: This Game Pisses you off
game-hours: 347.9
review: If you have a weird fettish for getting 1 tapped while shooting someone as they turn around without dying and kill you, Get this game!
game-hours: 618.5
review: mit helvetti
game-hours: 169.6
review: Good game! Valve cools!!!
game-hours: 746.2
review: GG
game-hours: 1377.9
review: A good game Its the most competetive game I played Thank you Valve for another masterpiece
game-hours: 338.7
review: Is this game a shooter? Yes Is this game good? Yes Should u buy it? Hell Yeah!
game-hours: 432.3
review: Great game! Good competitive
game-hours: 246.2
review: yeah
game-hours: 699.4
review: Just simply the best FPS out there
game-hours: 1238.8
review: Daca ti-a ramas rest de la guma cumpara-l !!
game-hours: 683.1
review: Pris hea
game-hours: 1700.0
review: Ruined my life. Great game.
game-hours: 530.7
review: this game lets me get my anger out on all the stupid people in this world
game-hours: 935.0
review: <3
game-hours: 136.0
review: i wish everyoen else would get this awesome game
game-hours: 71.5
review: It's nice. :p
game-hours: 201.6
review: Counter Strike: Global Offensive is a skill based tactical shooter, and it does it well. With the market place, and the growing community, and skill based matchmaking you're always in for a challenging fight. For the cheap price of 14.99 CAD its worth it, and a steal when on sale. If you're looking for a skilled based shooter this is it.
game-hours: 660.3
review: cs go is a really good teamtactics fps game and you can play it for hours but there also is alot of unmature people on it and alot of cursing. much more than tf2 for example. also you're gonna learn that people dont really likes russians/s in this game
game-hours: 386.9
review: Tahle hra nen Battlefield 4!
game-hours: 1173.1
review: I really like this game, its pretty balanced, but there is to much cheaters now days.
game-hours: 2.5
review: Really GOOD game. 5/5
game-hours: 351.7
review: This is a glorious game with glorious chickens. Pros -Chicken physics -Chicken animations -Chicken noises Cons -Not enough Chickens 10/10
game-hours: 66.2
review: good game
game-hours: 1065.2
review: This game is a nice tactical shooter. Meta-game is really big. It takes a long time to get into if you've never played a CS type game before, but it's pretty fun once you get to the ~30 hour mark and start playing competetive. You have to be pretty rich to afford this game in the long run though because of all the broken keyboards when playing matchmaking with randoms, and opening cases will drain your paypal account faster than you can say ''StatTrak Butterfly Knife | Fade''.
game-hours: 779.9
review: Perseest koko peli, elk ostako.
game-hours: 85.0
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
game-hours: 424.0
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is an addictive shooter with a steep learning curve. The series has been true to their original strength, giving old-schoolers the chance to pick this game up quite easily and new people the opportunity to experience its never-ending greatness.
game-hours: 56.4
review: This game sux
game-hours: 279.3
review: sweet game
game-hours: 1442.1
review: wp
game-hours: 1390.4
review: This game is pro af. Be elite and buy it, 14.99 + shipping and handling.
game-hours: 52.6
review: Rooty tooty point-n-shooty!
game-hours: 75.3
review: So good.
game-hours: 81.1
review: Awesome the maps r wonderful its one of the best fps
game-hours: 1022.2
review: Buy this game if you wish to have no real life.
game-hours: 825.4
review: Best rip off of COD ever. lol
game-hours: 446.9
review: Great game. not as good as CSS but far more approachable at this point.
game-hours: 536.1
review: nice
game-hours: 610.4
review: Good game, would recommend.
game-hours: 607.2
review: You willl not be disapointed! Great Game!!
game-hours: 1317.4
review: its a great game i see nothing i dont like about it
game-hours: 655.8
review: BUY IT, no questions.
game-hours: 650.8
review: Fantastic game to play with friends. Gets pretty, intense, but very fun. Love the skins and gameplay, but there aren't a lot of gun variety. Some guns are used more often and are WAY more overpowered than other guns. Other than that, I would definitely reccomend this game.
game-hours: 1058.0
review: Beautiful game, gr8 b8 m8 r8 8/8
game-hours: 333.0
review: I would'nt reccomend playing this game because i'm better than you. Thanks
game-hours: 640.2
review: Personally my favourite game. Althought it lacks no scopes and hard scopes and soft scopes and other varieties of scopes I cannot stop playing this game. If you feel like your time is not valuable buy this game
game-hours: 730.7
review: Very immersive experience. Great visual effects and graphics. Stunning performance when it comes to highly action-packed moments: the game has no stutters whatsoever and always runs smoothly. Neat variety of gamemodes to choose from, along with Competitive matches, which represent a great feature of the game itself. They are complex, yet very understandable, which is good. Only slight drawback is the community, or at least a big part of it. Many people, unfortunately even in Competitive matches, do not show any interest in the game itself by cheating and hacking, or simply by throwing the match and dragging the whole team down. Overall very well made game. All it takes to master it is practice. Everything else is already taken care of.
game-hours: 18.7
review: I got banned for 360 quickscoping some people 11/10 must buy
game-hours: 462.5
review: ITS better than call of duty
game-hours: 47.7
review: I started chasing a chicken then got yelled at by a 12 year old because my gun's skin wasn't as expensive as his. 10/10
game-hours: 387.1
review: Great game to play with friends or yourself worth the money. I have never played any of the other CS but this one is a must have if you like FPS 10/10 I would say!
game-hours: 638.6
review: Awesome game. Glitching is very minimal.
game-hours: 398.7
review: Valve gives back stolen knives. 11/10
game-hours: 574.0
review: good competitive game
game-hours: 2562.7
review: Awesome
game-hours: 1115.6
review: While it has a steep learning curve, the fact that this game has taken the key components of modern shooters and packed it into a bundle of relatively simplistic gameplay for only $15 makes it well worth time and effort to learn, and produces hours of entertainment.
game-hours: 116.6
review: A great game for FPS fans. Detail in this game is really great and textures are pretty good for a game running on the Source engine.
game-hours: 1477.7
review: Hell yes!
game-hours: 328.7
review: Counter-Strike Global Offensive has become one of the most popular games on steam. The Counter-Strike Series has every competive player interested. The players can be nice to grumpy. The Community Market has Counter-Strike Global Offensive has people buying weapons between $0.01-$257 Which in my case is a big step. I reccomend this game to players how want to be deddicated to a addictive game such as Counter-Strike Global Offensive I hope my comments on this game has Improved you're thoughts on Counter-Strike Global Offensive
game-hours: 139.2
review: I've never had so much fun playing a tactical first-person shooter video game developed by Valve!!
game-hours: 2268.5
review: Its a very hard game and very competitive.
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.9
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2870.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 205.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 778.4
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 3303.4
review: :D
game-hours: 762.0
review: this game gave me autism. Rate 9/11 Russians are mongoloids.
game-hours: 318.7
review: Bot01 best bot.
game-hours: 792.3
review: Such an amazing game. Has been and will always be one of my fav- games. I wish Valve would push the VAC further more, so that less hack exists.
game-hours: 151.6
review: I love this game. Great for competitive players.
game-hours: 361.9
review: This game, is a waste of good time. I play a competetive match and after playing i get banned for 7 day for "kicking a player". The only y thing i did was voting. Dear Gaben, or who ever the  who made this crap game, if you are going to bann people for trying to kick a unnecessary/annoying kid who always screams and moan each time he dies ( he always dies ), pls remove the kicking option so people cant kick at all. I have played this game for 40 hours and i pushed myself to play more, ban after ban, waiting days to just play a few competetive matches with my friend. Dont buy this game unless youre stuck on a island and have all the time in the world so you can wait for uneccessary bans because you "Kicked a player"...
game-hours: 775.4
review: One word....Great
game-hours: 599.2
review: 10/10 would fu.ck again... wait NO HATS?
game-hours: 1059.6
review: as long as your items are good, you're good
game-hours: 765.8
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 541.0
review: this game is pretty dank
game-hours: 381.0
review: <headshots>
game-hours: 65.8
review: My opinion on CS: GO When I looked at Counter Strike: GO's page I was not that intrested, It looked alot like CoD I had alot of 'bad' happen to me things like hackers, cheaters, people that troll and a hacker resetted all my stats and more, so looking at this game I was'nt really intrested but when steam decided to put it down to $6 (I think) from $15 I then wanted to get it not doing any homework on this game I guess you could say I 'YOLO' ed so I got it and... WOW its awesome love the consept torrists (T) plant the bomb counter torrists (CT) have to defuse it seems simple but fun if you like TF2 then I highly recomend getting this game because like TF2 you can get your own weapons and rare ones too, its so content when you got your first rare weapon and you want to check it out right away I love this game. my rating: 8/10 could do with a controler setting could do with a match making option so I dont get pwned by pros
game-hours: 271.7
review: Insanely fun, definitely worth the (very low) price - slightly difficult to get into, but much easier to get used to than the older CS games.
game-hours: 2158.6
review: pew pew pew
game-hours: 2070.0
review: !!!
game-hours: 1092.5
review: Awesome game, 10/10
game-hours: 594.6
review: DO NOT buy this game if you have a bad internet my internet has cut out a couple of times during comprtitive and im banned for a wekk unfair banning especially when most people hack and reporting them does nothing
game-hours: 904.1
review: loving it :p <3
game-hours: 951.5
review: A really good game. I've spent a few hundred hours of my life on this game and would do it again! But hours is not the only thing I've spent on this game, no I've dropped money into this game to get keys to open cases in the hope that maybe, just maybe Lord Gaben might give me a Karambit or a M9 Bayonet.
game-hours: 12.2
review: It's pretty darn awesome. Really. Also, it goes about 75% off in every sale. Don't ask me why though.
game-hours: 815.0
review: This game is fun!
game-hours: 641.1
review: ONE OF THE BEST FPS GAMES
game-hours: 976.5
review: Great Game so much better than Source
game-hours: 738.9
review: good
game-hours: 2021.5
review: Number #1 Game
game-hours: 455.2
review: Absolutely amazing. 10/10 Very intense too
game-hours: 160.5
review: (    )
game-hours: 898.4
review: I like it.
game-hours: 157.8
review: I highly reccomend this game, for the price you pay you can also make your money back from Camos, stickers, knives etc. I recently got a skin worth about 5.60 (Correct of 8/26/14) from the Operation Breakout DLC. But all in all it's a fun game to take seriously, or run around with tazers killing chickens.
game-hours: 722.2
review: 10/10 confirmed by hltv
game-hours: 2146.5
review: Great game, please take my money hahaha!
game-hours: 613.6
review: (Y)
game-hours: 432.6
review: I use to be swimming in female genitalia; but now that I discovered CS:GO my  is bone dry, must get 10/10. Only one motto to live by in CS:GO "You either die a noob or live long enough to be called a cheater." P.S. Everyones' dad works for Valve and can get you banned, some serious .
game-hours: 17.5
review: This game, unlike most fps games now, actually requires skill and coordination to win. you and your team have to work together to acheive a common objective in a series of fun maps that encourage both close and long range fire-fights. I would highly recommend this game to everyone who is willing to pay for it.
game-hours: 978.1
review: After the implementation of the skins.. this game is freaking ADDICTING..
game-hours: 289.0
review: how do i aim
game-hours: 199.0
review: Great game. Needs a patch to fix the map loading bug though. Why you do dis Valve :(
game-hours: 193.8
review: THIS GAME, THIS, GAME YES, I enjoy it a ton <3 Def buy.
game-hours: 16.9
review: This game is just plain addictive. It lives up to every expectation it promises you and even more. Within two days i had already racked up 11 hours. Pros- Great strategy. Teamwork really is needed. Realistic sounds. Makes you feel like you really are part of a firefight. Cons- Valve seems to be trying to scam money out of you all the time. Luckily its only for cosmetics.
game-hours: 1685.0
review: Best game to play
game-hours: 751.5
review: werry good my friend
game-hours: 722.0
review: buy diz
game-hours: 101.2
review: This game is very addictive and fun to play. A range of different game modes for different skill levels. I reccomend this game to anyone who likes tactical FPS games
game-hours: 211.5
review: What if this is all a dream about a dream in someones head when that person is in a dream of an other person thinking of things like how he is the dream of an other person what if the dream became to real and wasnt a dream anymore but the one that wasn't a dream ecame a dream and now its all in limbo an upside down limbo.
game-hours: 1355.2
review: There's a lot I could say about CS:GO currently, with the new updates and all. If you're not one for change, stick to CS:S or 1.6, as right now CS:GO now has a market system which many older players find horrible. I personally like it, because it's optional. Yes, Valve will try to force it on you with crate drops and collections, yet the base game is of course amazing. They've added in a fair number of new weapons, for example, the PP-Bizon replaces the MP5 and the M4A4 (and the M4A1-S stock weapon) replaces the regular M4A1 Maverick. Scopes on AUGs and SIGs have been updated, and grenades can be thrown underhand. Also, aiming with respect to movement has changed. Recoil patterns are now slightly random. Looking past all of the changes and adapting would be for the best, seeing as how right now this is the most played version of the series. Old players will find their way on their own, and eventually either keep playing casually on a (non-valve) server or they can use the Classic Competitive gamemode to participate in a pick-up game, or they can get their friends and participate in a scrim, which is really fun. New players are able to of course play casually and try to pick up on the game, as it's easier than ever with official servers. And I think old and new players alike are able to enjoy the skins in the game (just don't open too many crates if you play other games/have other hobbies). All in all, this version of Counter-Strike may NOT be the best in the series. In my opinion, it is because I am used to the changes from Source and 1.6. It's really up for the player to decide whether if they want to play this or not. It's still great, and even better with friends, but if you're still a regular on a server on CS:S or 1.6, you may want to just stay there. However, if you see this game for half-off or even 75% off like in the Winter Sale last year, I highly recommend it. One more thing--- if you don't FPS, I really wouldn't buy this.
game-hours: 1387.9
review: This game is a very good fps I like how there is ranks and such.
game-hours: 367.8
review: Has a doge sticker for your gun. 10/10 would shrek again.
game-hours: 590.4
review: A much-refined first person shooter which recieves frequent balancing updates. While easier to get into than other competitive games (Such as DOTA 2), the community can still be harsh if you underperform in the competitive mode (Which comes with a decent, but not-yet-perfect ranking system). It features a few game modes appealing to all skill levels, and custom made privately run servers as well as officially run Valve servers. All in all, I have very much enjoyed my time playing the game, and definitely got my money's worth preordering it. As an added bonus, it features a very active community market, where you can sell and buy weapon skins and stickers. If you play your cards right, you can easily make back the money you spent on this game (especially if you buy it during a sale) in steam wallet funds.
game-hours: 348.7
review: I've been accepted for the Faze clan 2k12
game-hours: 659.0
review: AWESOME!!!!!!!!! The best game i played for a while NOW!!!!
game-hours: 137.1
review: As good as ever!!!
game-hours: 87.5
review: Quite good
game-hours: 606.4
review: Great game, It is a game of legends
game-hours: 2204.7
review: Very nice and fun game, u get alot of play time 2-3 years+ :)!
game-hours: 438.3
review: a
game-hours: 71.3
review: Call Of Duty dos Pobres. Especialmente se comprarem a 2.5. O jogo  bastante bom especialmente em servidores tugas, onde todos j comeram a tua irm e a tua me  .
game-hours: 302.2
review: Buy this game before it goes Free to Play!!!!!
game-hours: 716.5
review: Awesome game, good graphics, realistic gameplay and great game to play with friends!
game-hours: 337.1
review: Dece as
game-hours: 2069.3
review: More than a decade worth of excitement!
game-hours: 2180.8
review: At the end, what matters is not if CS:GO is innovative or more of the same than CS: Source, what counts is if it's fun. And CS:GO couldn't be better in this regard.
game-hours: 120.9
review: Potato
game-hours: 575.5
review: This game tho
game-hours: 260.0
review: AWESOME SHOOTER
game-hours: 698.6
review: This is a very fun first person shooter. In terms of competitiveness, this game adds a lot more than most of the other first person shooter titles out there, because this game is not just point and shoot. You have to manage your economy, focus on team play and on superior tactics to play and win this game. The combination of all these components add to up to a well rounded first person shooter game that is enjoyable and replayable. This shooter has been here for a long, long time which allowed the game to build up a big community/fan base. So if you decide to purchase and play this game, you can be assured that a bunch other people will be playing one of the most tried and tested FPS titles with you.
game-hours: 1816.0
review: I love this game <3
game-hours: 372.7
review: Totally worth it! Great balance between sides and weapons!
game-hours: 33.0
review: It's Counter-Strike's latest installment - in an effort to reconcile CS 1.6 players and CS:S players, Hidden Path has created Global Offensive. It is a mixed bag - weapon gameplay is quite CS-like, but the interface is for consoleros...graphics are beautiful, but unfortunately the sounds sound kinda awfully like L4D2 now. Overall, a nice game to play with friends. It has its flaws but it's a worthy addition to the series.
game-hours: 4.7
review: I didn't plan on writing a review but this popped up when I went to buy the game for a friend. Es beuno I guess.
game-hours: 1502.4
review: Best game since source
game-hours: 664.4
review: Better than CoD Better than Battlefield 4 Get 360 no scope by an AWP Getting T bag after dying Good Music 69/10
game-hours: 411.9
review: I really like this game it gets really addicting once you play it.
game-hours: 1066.6
review: Its a MUST if you are into FPS. It is a perfect opportunity if you have not got into Counter-Strike games yet. If youve played previous for a long time there are things changed that you might not be as happy about. In general it is very easy to navigate from simple Deathmatch/Arm Race(Gun Game) games to Casual and Competitive games. Ranks are really good to see how good that player is(unless its a lwo rank hacker that will ruin your rank, but i havent seen a single hacker in Competitive yet). In other words its the game ive played the most on my account and still loving it. Must Get!
game-hours: 227.3
review: Eh, Good Game - You Can Shoot People - You can buy stuff - You need skill When People Say This Game Is Bad Im Globaly Offended HEYOOOOOOOOOOOOO
game-hours: 114.3
review: dis game is really fun if u would liek to get yelled at by frostgod cause he get r3kt by low elo noobs and throws it mik acros the rum and yells for more pepsi
game-hours: 646.5
review: Its ok
game-hours: 1245.1
review: hihihehe
game-hours: 476.7
review: This games is awesome :D
game-hours: 461.7
review: this game is ing awesome
game-hours: 150.8
review: BALA
game-hours: 870.6
review: Better than social life
game-hours: 269.6
review: The perfect sequel to CS:S, this game will pay for itself with its skin drops. Absolutely worth purchasing.
game-hours: 529.8
review: Very nice.
game-hours: 49.5
review: As an ex call of duty player this game was more than an average change in tone from your regular fps. Despite not having jaw dropping graphical fidelity and advanced texture tessalation like some of the next gen games do, and not having as many features as other AAA fps games do. CS:GO makes for a unique take and updated version of a mod-born fps franchise that exceeds quailty over quanity. While it may seem lacking in basic things that fps games have become accustomed to like leveling up, you quickly begin to appriciate that GO is a game that wants to stand out as something different. Every different feature gives GO an inch and when you start to add those features and differences together you start to find that CS is slowly taking over the fps stage. 1 inch at at time. For all time fps fans this game will keep you playing until you look at your watch thinking what felt like an hour, turned into six. That's the mark of a great game. Personal rating (my oppinion): 9/10
game-hours: 1024.4
review: it is a great game
game-hours: 642.1
review: Immersive Gameplay, decked out in skins and chickens.
game-hours: 243.5
review: ool Game!
game-hours: 224.2
review: This Game Is Gud But At The Same Time Bad
game-hours: 989.6
review: asd
game-hours: 466.3
review: best game in the world
game-hours: 536.8
review: dude bro man i in dude i in came up on this newbie scrub and i was like bam 1 shot ak to the head bro let's ni pound a brewski yeeee it's 2001 all over again  yeeeeee bro
game-hours: 64.4
review: It's tough and unforgiving. It's got a heavy empthasis on teamwork, on taking it slow and steady, and trust me, you'll need to be slow and steady to be successful. Rushing ahead going full ham like you're a Hollywood action hero is going to get you slammed down harder than the bomb at Site B. Regardless, if you can get past the learning curve this game has, you'll have a game with a rather large amount of replay value. The game stays up to date with various updates, and if you feel like sacrificing your money to the elder gods at Valve you can even unbox new finishes and skins for your weapons, in a similar sense to Team Fortress 2. If you do decide to unbox, I hope you like getting jack  from your unboxes. 8.5/10. Would recommend. P.S: Sneaky Beaky Like.
game-hours: 882.1
review: that luck when you get knife ^_^ 10/10
game-hours: 900.4
review: Open 1000 cases, receive 1000 Bizon Skins... best game ever.
game-hours: 451.1
review: Best game of CS series
game-hours: 191.7
review: Nice Game =)
game-hours: 1426.9
review: Great game!
game-hours: 975.4
review: Okey i did not play 1.6 or Source (i did play source but only surf and Jail so i don't feel like it counts). So my skill level wasn't that high when i entered the game, and i did not like it at the begining because the steep learning curve, but after i got my first rank (SilverEliteMaster) i was hooked, i stop't playing my main game at the time (Leauge of Legends).Over the course of 6 months i've been playing CSGO for non stop and for good reasons.The game is purely skill based and thats what i liked about it. You could go 1v3 and still win the round if you had the skill. And i'll be honest when CSGO came out (2012) i did not like the game at all because it felt like something was missing, They didn't have the classic Colt with silencer or the Usp. Luckly they added the Colt with silencer (m4a1-s) and the Usp along with Match making. And i do belive this was the reason CSGO became so huge. And this is why i love Valve they listen to the community, they even add skins which are community made on the workshop.
game-hours: 0.1
review: I don't even have this game. How am I able to review this?
game-hours: 395.8
review: Possibly the best fps I have ever played next to battlefiled. 10/10
game-hours: 313.5
review: BUY IT ALREADY, NOOB.
game-hours: 177.8
review: I globally struck in a countering manner, I found it offensive.
game-hours: 534.0
review: Best. Game. Everrrr.
game-hours: 1644.8
review: when in doubt buy a p90
game-hours: 174.3
review: Cy
game-hours: 616.2
review: Best game ever 11/10 apart from in match making when ur teamed with russians
game-hours: 1301.2
review: great
game-hours: 22.3
review: i kills you with pistol across map
game-hours: 220.7
review: Jo
game-hours: 585.1
review: Case Opening Simulator 2014 is the most entertaining way to lose money online that I have ever experienced. 10/10 would bet again
game-hours: 643.1
review: jeste.
game-hours: 528.6
review: Sometimes when I don't hate humanity enough, I go on Competitive CS:GO and watch the autism spread like wildfire
game-hours: 965.9
review: Stickers are ing gay
game-hours: 122.9
review: Lost my social life 10/10
game-hours: 1111.4
review: AWESOME !
game-hours: 260.4
review: I don't even know what I'm doing.
game-hours: 919.2
review: This game is really fun for competitive FPS games as it has a realistic side and a ranking system. I highly recommend this game to everyone.
game-hours: 759.3
review: As a Counter-Strike veteran since '98, I highly recommend everyone to give CS:GO a shot. The game's content and features have gradually exceeded in all areas over the many generations of Counter-Strike. Making this game a competitive FPS well suited in a tactical direction. Overall a 10/10 in my book
game-hours: 238.1
review: It was a good day to play CS:GO
game-hours: 114.7
review: My favorite game!!! I absolutely love this game and recommend it for all to play! So much fun :D
game-hours: 280.1
review: What do I need to say, 10/10 IGN.
game-hours: 583.3
review: Well worth the time and effort 10/10
game-hours: 477.6
review: my best :D
game-hours: 399.6
review: This is what you want from CS! Remakes of the classical gamemodes to more AWESOME modes :D And the biggest thing (in my opinion) is that you now can play ranked games. Wich is a big change in CS and it makes it more of something u can "win" on.
game-hours: 18.4
review: Best Game ever <3
game-hours: 212.9
review: I never played counterstrike until I got CSGO on sale last year. I am now just getting into competative matchmaking and I have to say that this is a hard but really rewarding and in-depth game. The weapons are much harder to master compared to other FPS I have played and ammo is very limited, so this game forces you to think about what you are doing and about your movement and positioning. The game encourages quick thinking but patient, smart play rather than running around like a numpty and spaming your gun at the enemy. The matchmaking system is a great feature. Although I have had a couple of stacked games so far the level of rage, trolling and noobstomping that is endemic in the L4D2 versus community doesn't seem to be a problem in CSGO matchmaking.
game-hours: 169.0
review: I Personally love CS:GO. After 72 Hours of playing this game I can say 3 things, The M16-Silenced (Counter-Terrorist) Is way overpowered and the MP9 and Dual Berettas just plain out suck. I like how realistic the maps are and the ways you can go to get to your objective or the enemy spawn are just amazing. If you are playing in 1920x1080p (Like Me) you are in for a realistic gaming experience. This realistic experience can also be achieved in 1600x900p but you will sometimes see a little bit of pixels on far-away objects, and this can be solved by highing your Filtering in the options to (4x). The way the objects are placed around the map, wether it being a paint can or a televion is just so natural and makes you feel like you are there and you can connect to the way the objects are placed. For example a bunch of buckets and utencils scattered all over the ground may make you think of the chores you might have to do in 30 minutes or so. Some maps like Mirage, have a tunnel (or more) you can travel through to flank or surprise your enemy causing well-deserved laughter and adrenialine. Please buy this game! Thanks :agathacross: Popins :agathacross:
game-hours: 515.7
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a brilliant for the avid competitive and casual gamer. The competitive mode is for those who want to play ranked games against players of a similar skill level and location in the world. It is in a 5v5, first to 16 format, where 15 on 15 is a tie and rematches can be voted on. However, it is my preference to play ESEA, due to the amount of hackers on the competitive games. The casual mode is for players to relax in a 10v10 gamestyle where a Defusal or Hostage Rescue mission can be played. It is greak for players who are starting out or want to warm up before their competitive game. Players can also play on Community ran servers, these could be; Aim Maps, Deathmatches, Clan Practice Server or anything you want. The game runs smoothly on a basic PC, and runs excellently on a top-range gaming PC. The addition of the Arms Deal update has added an extra sense of depth into the game, and allows for players to trade items and make money buy selling their unlocked / dropped items on the Community Market.
game-hours: 765.3
review: Hacks.ru = This Game= Buy about 500 copies on a summer sale = sell on about a month after the sale for 4-5 csgo keys. Open Cases. Waste the profit. Lose all your money. Go back to a summer job. Repeat. Reach DMG. Stay at DMG. Ragequit. Download Hacks.ru Turn into a rwski group member. Repeat. Csgo In a nutshell :) i r8 gr8 game 10/10
game-hours: 643.5
review: Awesome game!!
game-hours: 725.1
review: this game gave me 2 boner
game-hours: 66.8
review: Z mojej strony moge powiedzie e, jest to jedna z lepszych gier w ktre graaem, na pewno moge poleci j kademu kto lubi tego typu gry. W tej grze liczy sie gra zespoowa. Gra polega na tym e mamy dwie druyny AT i TT. Anty terroryci musz obroni bombsajdu lub odbi zakadnikw i przeprowadzi ich w bezpieczne miejsce, za to terroryci musz przej i podoy bombe lub nie da przej anty terrorystom zakadnikw aby wygra runde. Rozmowa z teamem jest bardzo wana, dawanie informacji gdzie wrg moe sie znajdowa jest bardzo przydatne i moe duo pomc w wygraniu rundy jak i caego meczu. Oczywicie gdy jaka druyna wyeliminuje team przeciwnika wygrywa runde. Fajne w Global Ofensive jest rwnie zdobywanie rnego rodzaju skinw do broni jak i skrzynek.
game-hours: 453.5
review: The Game is very good:D
game-hours: 350.2
review: Nice game
game-hours: 773.1
review: Jest Dobrze :P
game-hours: 127.7
review: Sadly it doesn't have the appeal of the 10 year olds cussing at you, great game besides that.
game-hours: 637.0
review: This game is amazing, i would recommend that anyone and everyone should get it and have a play Especially fun with friends
game-hours: 455.5
review: Amazing Game :)
game-hours: 233.3
review: yes bb
game-hours: 1498.1
review: Very skill based.
game-hours: 575.4
review: no aiming down the sights  game would not reccomend 0/10
game-hours: 47.5
review: Yeah this game is so much fun.
game-hours: 387.1
review: What... Whats That.... OMG!!!! CHICKENS!!!!
game-hours: 824.8
review: This game is the bext First-Person Shooter I have ever played. Spend about 200 hours just playing Casual Hostage Rescue games, Casual Bomb defuse games, and Competitive Matches. But I also just found out about something not too long ago, the community server listings. People can make their own modded games like surf servers and Jail Break servers. Realistic graphics and effects (favorite would have to be dropping your clip when you reload). This game has upped my sense of competitiveness and sportsmanship in my life, and I will never be bored again.
game-hours: 423.6
review: CS;GO is gud! Nice job volvo, 10/10 for sure.
game-hours: 405.8
review: gud
game-hours: 374.0
review: Yes
game-hours: 381.9
review: its a really fun game
game-hours: 21.2
review: this game is like a nutella, I love nutella!
game-hours: 729.1
review: el gerino game
game-hours: 768.9
review: wow much funny, really killing people, much headshot
game-hours: 45.5
review: Dis es gud game, 10/10 u get 2 shoot stuff<3333
game-hours: 157.7
review: ALL YOU S DO IS PLAY THIS GAME NIGHAS
game-hours: 654.9
review: SKINZ
game-hours: 594.2
review: this game is mucj different than cs 1.6 evoloutionnn :D i like that game :) (Y)...
game-hours: 14.6
review: tons 'o fun
game-hours: 1540.2
review: Excelent, really a pro FPS game. More than 6M online players and 50K avalible servers, game + comunity work integration and market/trading. Even much that I expect coming from BF and CS:S
game-hours: 24.9
review: WHERE ARE ALL THE BIKES DAAMNNN
game-hours: 3274.0
review: GREAT GAME! AMUSING COMMUNITY!
game-hours: 507.7
review: It's CS, what more to add than the raw awesomeness?
game-hours: 54.0
review: Good game, hackers suck.
game-hours: 963.8
review: Very Very Very nice game.
game-hours: 229.4
review: Awesome game, recommanded
game-hours: 67.8
review: I died to a grenade bouncing off of me. Buy this.
game-hours: 630.4
review: i like this game
game-hours: 352.5
review: awesome game if you played old coutner stirke you most play this! new graphics! new gun skins! and best game ever! sure i recommend it!
game-hours: 1586.2
review: Ok Guys this is T`s VS CT`s terrorist vs counter-terrorist in a many map multiplayer online game. There is 5 vaired game modes, Hostage Mission, Defuse Mission, DeathMacth, Arms Race and Demolition. These game types are all different so you need to spread your self around to find what you want. Added to the game types of Hostage Mission and Defuse Mission there is the option of Casual or Competative, with Casual you vs other players in a fun round of max 8 wins with a great start to learn the game before going onto Competative. In this gamemode you will be pitted agianst 5 enemy`s and you and 4 Allies to see who will become victorious For more info contact me and ill tell you more about the system. This is a great game to play by yourself or with friends i would definatly tell you to try it out !!! If you didnt bother to read that all just buy the game :)
game-hours: 1061.6
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 668.0
review: GG
game-hours: 1011.7
review: For anyone into tactical FPS in a team setting; then CS GO competitive is right for you. Games can be challenging, tense, but you have to remember it's just a game and that you're really playing to enjoy it; win or lose. Overall, great game.
game-hours: 498.5
review: This is a very fun game. If you enjoy competative, strategic, and untimately time consuming games, play this!
game-hours: 385.0
review: if you are a tryhard cod player this game is for you.
game-hours: 1167.7
review: GREAT GAME LOTS OF FUN
game-hours: 1898.8
review: CS:GO is fun.
game-hours: 1057.2
review: It's almost as good as fried chicken.
game-hours: 323.0
review: epik gam pls buy
game-hours: 734.4
review: Good game fun to play just like any other cs game. Only issues are aweful steam support by admins that cant and wont do anything to help you as far as their  game crashing or kicking you from ther aweful 64tick servers, better off playing on 128tick esea or altpug clients for competetive. Other then that it works good on good servers.
game-hours: 17.9
review: Fock u GO man I just wanted to play with my friends B(
game-hours: 219.2
review: Great game, teaches you how to aim, tap, and learn spray patterns. 10/10
game-hours: 935.3
review: Gamer's logic: if you can't beat them call them a hacker :D
game-hours: 976.1
review: This game rocks
game-hours: 11.4
review: Great controls, awesome guns, fun stages, wicked achievements. Play with friends! I'm hooked. (The only let down, as with a lot of these types of games, are the hackers)
game-hours: 146.0
review: CS:GO: The secret disease. Day 1-4 of CS:GO infection - Infected will be first introduced, and will think the "game" sucks because of the lack of ironsights and difficulty, often quitting. High chance of survival if the infection is ceased and infected seeks treatment. (Girlfriends, outside world). Day 4-7 of CS:GO infection - Infected will slowly be brought into competative matches, and introduced to skins. Infection now spreads at an alarming rate. Day 7-15 of CS:GO infection - Infected will have bought first skins by now - disease is now irriversable. Infection is now at full course. Day 15-18 of CS:GO infection - Infected will ignore outside world to concentrate on "game". CS:GO becoming first priority. There is no cure. Day 20-30 of CS:GO infection. - Infected will be mostly devoid of life, the infected will be a host for the pathogen CS:GO. Skins and AWP "ACE" will be all the infected lives for. The infected will barracide his/herself from sunlight. Day 30+ of CS:GO infection. - Infected can be declared legally dead, CS:GO controls every aspect of it's host's brain and body. Infection controls body completely. Recommended course of action - Destruction of the brain or removal of the head. Contain the disease. Dr. Goon A Waterson. ~ CS:GO disease specialist. 2014 - October log.
game-hours: 962.2
review: bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian two weeks later
game-hours: 130.1
review: I love this game its epic :P
game-hours: 346.8
review: Very deep storyline. 10/10
game-hours: 553.7
review: coolt spel
game-hours: 262.8
review: yeah
game-hours: 400.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 284.0
review: This game right here! Yes Here! This game is Perfect,When i first saw it,I tought it would be like The other Boring CS Games,but No! It Changed My mind! Good Graphics! Good Gameplay! You got to Buy this,Really Realistic!
game-hours: 569.8
review: Just awesome. I played the game when it came out I have to be honest, the game was really bad. But then with the continuous developement by Valve the game started to get something interesting. I come from 1.6 and I hated this game, now I love it. Recommend it 5/5.
game-hours: 408.5
review: its a real big mean man
game-hours: 150.1
review: I defused a bomb without my hands. 10/10 fingers
game-hours: 504.1
review: I like the game its really good FPS and a lot of players but there is one thing when you play compe. you get ban 1st for 24 hours 2nd for 7 days and this is really what i dont like, 7 days ? come on too much time to wait Ban for: 1)if you shoot your teammate too many times 2)if you disconect from match 3)if you get kicked by your own team And there is VALVE really Fuc*d up
game-hours: 694.6
review: Best FPS game out there
game-hours: 1336.1
review: op spel 10 frallor av 10! :)
game-hours: 614.0
review: camping simulation 2014
game-hours: 367.2
review: In CS:GO, it is heaps of fun to shoot people with AK-47's. And in matchmaking, it's even fun to shoot your own teammates. But, CS:GO weapons have very high spread, and the netcode is awful.
game-hours: 12.0
review: really good game wish i was better 7/10
game-hours: 447.6
review: Very good game and also competitive get it NOW!
game-hours: 567.2
review: Incredibly  awesome!
game-hours: 803.2
review: This game is amazing.
game-hours: 444.1
review: Great Game .
game-hours: 470.8
review: the best fps game
game-hours: 45.7
review: a very good game! Play with your friend!
game-hours: 621.3
review: Chicken Killing Simulator
game-hours: 959.0
review: !!!!     !!!   !!
game-hours: 1011.7
review: Amazing game very addictive, go for it you will have a lot of fun!
game-hours: 956.6
review: If you play Fps games get this game trust me its worth it!
game-hours: 506.4
review: Great game fun to play
game-hours: 174.7
review: Awesome Graphics & Gameplay!
game-hours: 593.4
review: awsome ...
game-hours: 2287.7
review: Amazing game with #hype! Get into it now! EZ SKINS EZ LYF
game-hours: 474.4
review: Things that will get you banned from competitive: Abandoning a match Kicking alot of people Not reconnecting within 3 minutes of leaving Team-Killing in the beginning of the round Team-Killing 3 times, accident or not. Just F.Y.I, got a week ban from competitive, which is a core part of what makes CS:GO so good. Don't flaunt your privilages, they can be taken away for quite a long time.
game-hours: 276.6
review: kill chickens. dope.
game-hours: 920.0
review: This is hands down the best game i have ever played. And for $15? buy it seriously. way better than COD, im not trying to compare them but it is better. enjoy
game-hours: 352.5
review: Bardzo dobra gra dla fanw serii CS. Nie jest to poraka jak CS:S. Naprawd polecam. :)
game-hours: 605.4
review: BEAAAST!
game-hours: 360.1
review: Well, it's kinda cool ;)
game-hours: 365.8
review: This is hands down one of my most favorite games ever. There's actually strategy involved not like cod where you just run around guns blazing!
game-hours: 780.9
review: Great game.
game-hours: 766.8
review: I THOT THIS WA NOT GONNA BE A GOOD GAME BUT AFTER PLAYING FOR A FEW DAYS IT TURNED OUT IT WAS NOT SO BAD
game-hours: 16.4
review: get out shes gonna blow
game-hours: 831.5
review: ITS ING AWESOME
game-hours: 264.7
review: Road to GE
game-hours: 242.1
review: This game is fun. You can also get drops in game that pay for the game. It is fun, yay.
game-hours: 888.6
review: awesome game 10/10 if you get board switch it up and play surf or zombies such a fun game xD
game-hours: 195.1
review: In 2002, I played a few games of CS 1.6, which has started and since been remembered as the best FPS i've ever played. (Other than perfect dark, golden eye ETC, thats a different topic.) Then CS:S came along, which I will proudly say today is the best FPS on Steam currently. To counter what others say about it, yeah it has flaws. What game doesn't? Anyways, CS:GO used to be a highly despised game when it came out, and like every game it had issues. I think that most, if not some or all major issues with the game have been ruled out already. Despite a slightly growwing community of hackers in higher ranks, (A problem that ALL and i mean ALL games will have,) which I am not sure can ever be fixxed once it appears. (Kind of like ARMA 2.) I recommend this game not because of a biased opinion, but because it is the only FPS that I can play and actually enjoy it. Sometimes you get matched with people with a lower rank, or don't know the map, but hey, you're that guy sometimes as well. 90/100, That Deagle update.
game-hours: 955.2
review: This game is awesome and I like it.
game-hours: 381.3
review: Very good game!
game-hours: 236.4
review: Haven't been a veteran of the CS series from the start, I highly recommend CS:GO. The mechanics take a bit to get used to, but the customization of the game, gun skins, etc, is phenomenal. Please give this game a chance as it has become very popular.
game-hours: 666.0
review: Really amazing and skilled game.....
game-hours: 2.5
review: its fun
game-hours: 872.1
review: Very good game, best of counter-strike series!
game-hours: 195.4
review: During Competitive, if your teammates are all dead and they are looking upon you, don't worry, pull out your Factory-New Blue Steel Karambit and press F to inspect it. All your teammates that are spectating you will sure be jealous. Why I recommend this game? Because you can kill chickens but not fishes.
game-hours: 367.1
review: Yes I do I`ve just bought it ( 2 WEEKS ago and Im really happy)
game-hours: 137.0
review: Paid to constantly get shot by some guy whos name indicates he is proud to be on the dole. 10/10 for both the game and peoples incentive to do something with their lives
game-hours: 694.2
review: i most certainly believe that this game is by far the best competitive FPS i have ever play, idefinetly recommend this to any other gamer who doesnt play CS im a COD and a BF player but this i find it to be more attracting due to the gameplay.
game-hours: 672.6
review: i liek this gam with a b0wl of pazta gud stuf m8, foite me at lan 1v1 no bitin plz.
game-hours: 715.4
review: More like Counter Strike Global AWPfensive gg
game-hours: 5.0
review: This game rocks! Ive been playing all day! You can play with people from all over the world!
game-hours: 300.6
review: this game is cool
game-hours: 287.8
review: best game ever
game-hours: 681.5
review: This is just like titanfall!1
game-hours: 255.4
review: much wow
game-hours: 255.7
review: Nothing more satisfying than killing sloots with an AWP.
game-hours: 404.2
review: Simply best.
game-hours: 1544.0
review: F*ck you Gabe !!!
game-hours: 303.0
review: I went chicken chasing! :D
game-hours: 840.3
review: It brings back the old times. but with new graphics. Recommend this game to Every Gamer
game-hours: 1074.3
review: pizd.
game-hours: 489.3
review: So great this game, buy it if you like shooter games :D
game-hours: 735.6
review: Addicting Dope Madness!
game-hours: 873.7
review: SKINS ARE WAY TO ADDICITING !@@!212121
game-hours: 409.3
review: The best overall game I have played in a long time. +1
game-hours: 816.0
review: Awesome game, its addictive when you get to play it and know your way arround. plus you get something out of the game to make you keep playing unlike the other CS's you can get drops containing different items each time which is an awesome add <3 love this game to bits.
game-hours: 384.7
review: the amount of dog haters in this game is atonishing
game-hours: 1553.5
review: Such A Great Game And Community
game-hours: 1528.2
review: CS:GO Is a fast paced fps that takes skill and strategy (unlike cod where u just spray your heart out and no matter what u do u will hit someone) It takes imense skill to learn how to control your weapon's spray patterns and get those very crucial headshots. CS:GO is the closest anyone has gotten to the perfect fps, hell it could even be the perfect fps, the game is all about self progression and pushing yourself to be better then u were the match before, learn about ur mistakes, control ur gun and most importantly kill the other team! The game isnt about unlocking guns and huge as scopes and all of that crap, it cuts strate to the chase ( you all have the same pool of weapons, they, theres nothing in the game that can give you an advantage exept yourself) CS:GO provides more than just better graphics than its previous versions, it provides a variety of game modes that everyone can have fun in, more guns, and of course more nades. It is also a very balanced game in which there are no cheat guns and if you die it was probably your fault or u just got caught at close range with a sniper, but that said you should be able to kill your opponent at close range with your sniper if your good enough. There are still some things that CS:GO might have to improve on, but these things are things that all fps games suffer from such as campers and hackers, that nothing valve can do will stop them, ussually there are no hackers in your game, it is very rare for u to come by one if u play on official servers because of the vac (valve anti cheat) program. In all CS:GO has fun updates, great gameplay, and gorgeous gun skins haha! If your looking for an fps to buy this is the only choice you really have because of how amazing it is.
game-hours: 738.7
review: You can kill chickens
game-hours: 1136.1
review: I love this game. I play in this game all the day :).
game-hours: 650.8
review: 10/10 would bang again
game-hours: 2425.8
review: The best in counter strike series.
game-hours: 464.1
review: Really good game, i recommend this
game-hours: 790.3
review: I play it a lot. It involves shooting and teamwork. If you think your good at COD, you will suck
game-hours: 2303.7
review: One of the best games ive ever played :)
game-hours: 343.9
review: One of the best games you will ever play :D
game-hours: 773.9
review: Bang Bang Boom thats all I have to say.
game-hours: 359.4
review: 5/5
game-hours: 715.8
review: This game is a ing piece of . 10/10
game-hours: 1408.4
review: i have fun when i play this video game
game-hours: 2768.9
review: The most addictive & competitive fps out on the market.
game-hours: 60.1
review: Awesome
game-hours: 119.3
review: Best Game ever guys!!!
game-hours: 191.2
review: Growing up, I always wanted to be a fireman. As time went on however, I realized I just wanted to sit in my mom's basement and thrash 12 year olds on this game with my cheeto-smeared hands. This is it. This is what my life calling is. I waited many years to find my purpose in life and this is it. Counter strike will be my permanent career because 12 year olds never grow up and they need a daily thrashing.
game-hours: 138.6
review: its okay
game-hours: 278.8
review: Excellent game, diverse strategy, fun mechanics, a true classic in the counter strike series.
game-hours: 153.3
review: nice one1
game-hours: 153.1
review: Played Arms Race but still ran on feet. 0/10
game-hours: 414.8
review: It's a very good game, even though you might queue up with some negative people. The only bad thing is some of the servers, the ping is sometimes really.. Special.
game-hours: 740.9
review: Great Game with Best Graphic Results. BC Game hai bari
game-hours: 963.8
review: :):):)
game-hours: 1073.2
review: Vahet lheb hsti.
game-hours: 234.3
review: <3
game-hours: 221.6
review: COOOOL
game-hours: 736.4
review: In this game you will get so heavily addicted that you will almost never make any kind of human interaction except to get more Hot Pockets and Mtn Dew. You will spend hundreds of dollars to get skins and a Bayonet Fade only to get it all scammed off you tearing your world apart. You will lose your job, girlfriend, never see your family and your friends will think that you died/fell off the face of the earth. I Love it. In a nutshell Dis game Got Sweg
game-hours: 219.8
review: Really good game to play worth the money
game-hours: 386.8
review: >try playing competitive with friend >game starts >i suck but thats nothing unusual >play a few rounds >start to do ok, get some kills, defuse bombs >promptly get kick by high lvl asians 11/10 would get kicked again
game-hours: 172.2
review: 12/10 would buy on market
game-hours: 559.0
review: My body is ready
game-hours: 1038.3
review: Best Game
game-hours: 598.8
review: En iyi tactical FPS oyunu diyebilirim
game-hours: 108.1
review: its like watching korean girls stream on Afreeca Tv
game-hours: 54.8
review: This is one of the best multiplayer FPS. Some peaople say, "Everything great - is simple". Same thing i can say about this game. Why? Beacause, it's all simple. "Kill or be Kill" in two word, but in same time there are many other aspects. Tactic, planing, and accuracy - it's all important. You have to think 3 times, before you have to make another turn, or as i say before. "Kill or be Kill".
game-hours: 126.1
review: awesome
game-hours: 36.7
review: Does not live up to the title name. Got knifed but could not counter-strike enemy. Wasn't really that offensive either, expected more racism. 0/10
game-hours: 21.1
review: You should consider buying cs:go. it requires teamwork and skill (and a good pc). This is a very funny game, especially if you are playing with friends. Except when you..... get killed alot by them..... and get laughed at..... (;_;). *Sad violin plays*
game-hours: 973.8
review: gg
game-hours: 468.1
review: This game is amazing and definitely worth the money.
game-hours: 241.8
review: The best multiplayer FPS ever, period. Easy to pick up, hard to master (even if Valve have added some n00b friendly weapons like the P90). I've been playing CS on and off since version 1.0 (14 years ago) and I have to say CS:GO is the most complete version of Counter Strike ever.
game-hours: 630.5
review: You shoot chickens in this game 11/10.
game-hours: 416.2
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 83.2
review: first ever counter-strike game i evered played and i think its better then call of duty and battlefield
game-hours: 845.9
review: Great Game!
game-hours: 21.2
review: This game has really changed from CS:S (counter strike source) The details and weapons have improved, new weapon skins and some customization. People dont just run around and get killed you have to work as a team, your team will actually talk to you most of the time and make out a plan. make sure you learn CS:GO talk though. if people start telling you where to go and you dont know where that is then you're going to fail. but overall the game is really fun! Feel free to join our clan Voice Over Sound. :DDD
game-hours: 395.4
review: This game is worth buying . EPIC gameplay .
game-hours: 466.2
review: Such a great community, especially in the casual matches! Everyone is so nice and very respectful.
game-hours: 852.7
review: Best FPS EVER! Kappa
game-hours: 721.8
review: Shot some people in the face and it was excellent. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 43.2
review: Dear Parents, Please, dont give your childs a moneys to buy games, they mostly treat their own team like , saying mean words to a strangers, trolling them, doing everything, but not helping. I would love to see if they will say  you you are noob, i am mlg 1337 player yur nothing to you i am mighty  destroyerxxx, it would be nice if you will teach your kids, talk respectly to older ones. -Thanks and have a good day, Kirillian. (game was better in beta. hurr)
game-hours: 487.7
review: This game is like da sexy 1/10
game-hours: 444.2
review: many people would use this space to review the game, i am not those people. Dogtime is a big noob.
game-hours: 519.0
review: sugoi desu
game-hours: 1261.8
review: Looking for an awesome FPS game? Your search is over!
game-hours: 574.7
review: Corner your friends. c;
game-hours: 459.6
review: This game is about very high trained counter-terrorists and terrorists who have never heard about aiming or holding a gun, and if you have very expensive skins and knives that automaticly makes you a better player and you can't get called noob anymore, guys become gods while they have kevlar and helmets and you can play football with grenades because they are harmless unless you have been shot 14 times. Every player that can kill other player with headshot or through walls if you have seen an enemy behind that or seen his gun are automaticly hackers. And yes list of things that makes your own team rage or calling you noob: -Warn about flashbang your throwing, someone still runs to it and get killed -Shoot accidentaly team member when he runs from front of you while you are shooting -Lose 5v1 sitsuaton when all your team members have died while they rushed without tactics -Speak your own lanuage with your friends -Save yourself by shooting an enemy and stop someone in your team for getting ACE -Kill enemy 'kill stealing' -Everyone judges your moves while you are last one -Die -Throw smoke and someone from your team runs to front of you and smoke falls to bad place -Don't plant the bomb instantly while in bombsight because that saves your life -Die to enemy who comes from behind and your teammates didn't warn about it -Don't hit to enemy who suprises you and you can only shoot 2 rounds -Asking your team to stick together and play as team and telling good tactics -Fail 4v1 against you ninja defuse -Don't have skins Enemy team and how to get called hacker or noob: -Kill with headshot -Kill through smoke -Prefire even tough you have seen the enemy when he have go to behind something -Kill through wall -Kill with Autosniper -Kill with P-90 -Get ACE -Get 2-4 kills in a row -With luck or skills headshot many players in row -Win a game -Be 1st in scoreboard -Get over 25 kills -Kill enemy -Defuse -Camp when CT and defending hostage or bombsight -Camp when T and defending planted bomb -Camp when you are low HP -Camp while you have seen an enemy and you want to suprise him etc. ^^ so don't make these mistakes in the game and it will be fun experiense :)
game-hours: 1058.8
review: CS GO is the best
game-hours: 1466.8
review: best
game-hours: 349.8
review: nice game i love it game
game-hours: 1747.3
review: Good game after 200 hours *Edit: Currently 800 hours played, still good. *Edit: Currently 1200 hours played, still awesome.
game-hours: 827.1
review: 9.2/10 This game is perfect for any person that calls themself a PC gamer... The different skills you have to master to complete this game, are vast. You cannot get good at this game, by playing for a day, a week, or even months! You must be willing to work as a team, while not exposing yourself at the same time; you must practice the aiming technique over time; and you must learn the maps you play. While this is not an easy game, and I cannot even call myself "Good" I've learned to enjoy losing and passing it off as a learning oppertunity, nobody has a perfect profile on this, nobody can always win. Most often when you die, you learn a new sniping location, or shows you a different way to use your favorite gun. Playing competitive can be exactly as the name suggests, but mainly you accept the win or loss and thank the opposing team for the good game, you may get worked up, but after the game you will calm down and start thinking about how to improve your tecnique. A hard game at the best of times, but enjoyable nonetheless.
game-hours: 413.2
review: This game ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 544.0
review: Play this game to sell items and to get other games. Long term investments with operations. 10/10 would economics again.
game-hours: 684.7
review: My Grandfather smoked toothpicks whole for his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, "If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately." Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- "Don't ever smoke toothpicks. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through." I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a toothpick or even a bean. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me autism anyway. 8/10
game-hours: 684.4
review: Case opener and rage inducer 2K14
game-hours: 883.4
review: :D
game-hours: 219.9
review: 1/10, too many hardscopers
game-hours: 540.4
review: *gets 4 kills on competitive game* *winning 9-6 on de_dust2 at halftime* "ur fukn  hacker" 10/10
game-hours: 512.0
review: Buys AK-47 for $2700. Moves to plant bomb. Sees a CT. Shoots. Hits. He is dead. Thats the game in a nutshell! (But its REALLY good) 4/20 BlazeIt
game-hours: 219.3
review: this game is great i like it because it has more real life terms unlike call of duty it feels like you doing real mission's in real life this is a 10/10 game for people who like saving people,blowing up stuff and so on also what o found relly cool is that is you can put stickers on your guns makes it for fun killing people with cool looking guns oh btw there are lots of reskins for you guns now the bad things i found that people like to troll alot on this game so lets say you join a competive match and someone just vote kicks you for fun and everyone says yes to it because thay would be funny for you to get kicked and get a cooldown of 7 days witch is not funny and just makes you mad another bad thing is that people like to kill you on spawn and thay use hacks to not get banned i have seen this with my own eyes i was backstabed on spawn and i died and that did not get banned and thay do it over and over again and again and if you try to kick them i does not work but still it does not happin all the time anyway this game is 10/10 it is a GG :D
game-hours: 219.5
review: Been playing CS since 2004. Do I need to explain more??
game-hours: 92.0
review: If you like Counter Strike then get it..... Its better than COD! 9/10
game-hours: 1730.5
review: get on it son, ggwp.
game-hours: 314.9
review: yes good very addict
game-hours: 657.8
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a very fun and competitive first person shooter. However, it is very much different from the other mainstream games in the industry such as Call of Duty and Battlefield. Mainly so, the aiming and recoil. Unless it is a sniper, AUG, or SG553, there are no sights to aim down of any kind. But to compensate, there is recoil, which is in a predictable and learnable pattern. All in all this is probably my favorite FPS, and by far the most tactical I've ever played. I would not trade any second I've spent playing it. Not to mention that the community is for the most part very mature and mild mannered, although you will run into the occasional "dbag" and "troll" you more often than not will meet very level-headed people who are looking for fun, and competition. 10/10, Fantastic game!
game-hours: 212.9
review: poo poo
game-hours: 537.1
review: good game for fps players
game-hours: 592.5
review: good
game-hours: 363.6
review: nais
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.9
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2870.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 205.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 779.0
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 488.1
review: awesome
game-hours: 755.0
review: Amazing
game-hours: 916.8
review: If this game was a potato, it would be a good potato.
game-hours: 293.6
review: Awesome skill-based shooter. Try it out, very cheap yes :D
game-hours: 374.8
review: Game is cool
game-hours: 158.5
review: This game is nice to play for fun. biaches!
game-hours: 835.8
review: U liek click dem heads and win ya
game-hours: 61.7
review: Hola, yo soy la Evangina, y apesto a v*gina. Un saludo, guapetones!
game-hours: 385.1
review: 10/10 best game 2014 even though it came out ages ago but yh would buy EU 2014 GG WP
game-hours: 1334.5
review: IMHO it's the best multiplayer fps game ever made.It's not just about shooting , this one need stratagy and so on.Matchmaking is pretty good and system of ranks allow you to play with gamers of the same skill. Graphics of the game are cool and even makes me wanna  , i liked the game's picture , especially themed weapon skins This game costs every penny!
game-hours: 749.7
review: CHEAP GAME GET IT ASAP.
game-hours: 215.2
review: Are YOU ready to take on the role of either an elite counter-terrorist force or menacing threat to the society? PROBABLY NOT! This game is way too hard to just 'be ready for'. You need to prepare for this. Before you hit that buy button, think very carefully. Are you emotionally ready to get your  kicked time and time again? Are you ready to take control of guns with more recoil than a jackhammer? Are you ready to take on opponents who would actually be worse if they used an aimbot? If the answer to any of those questions is no, this is not for you. If the answer is yes, then read right on my friend. The primary reason to play this is, for me, the realism. In real life you don't respawn, guns have a kick, and tactics are important, and CS:GO knows that. They managed to forge a game where all those are implemented, and that makes for dependance on good tactics above good aim. If you manage to surprise your opponent, you are sure to kill him. This can be done by taking one of the many routes around your enemy while he is engaged in combat with a teammate, or by firing, then sneaking out of sight and hiding in a place he won't expect you. From then on it's an easy kill. You just need to make sure you get there without your opponent knowing. Also, there is aim. Altough deception is the best weapon, sometimes you just need to face each other. There's no way around that. When that happens you need quick reflexes and good knowledge of your gun to quickly dispose of the threat. Before playing even Competitive Casual (the classic no-respawn face-off but with free armor) or Demolition (the classic with awarded weapons), I suggest playing a few matches of Arms Race (Gun Game) to get a feel for the weapons, and then a few matches of Deathmatch (free respawns) to get a better feel for the recoil on your favorite guns. You don't have to master it to get kills, just make sure that the bullets are going forward and not up. Once you've done that, you can get into Casual Competetive and learn the maps by seeing what your buds are doing. The very best way to learn is simply by spectating your team's best player after you've died. I cannot tell you how much he has learned me already. This game has the best gun skins too. Because guns are so realistic the skins have some weight to them, and it gives you a reason not to quit after losing eight matches consecutively. Playing and getting kills with your favorite gun feels awesome. Actually, getting kills in this game is already the most satisfying thing ever, but when it's done with your baby it gets even cooler. The only thing there's not to like about these guns is the fact that snipers exist, but you'll figure that out for yourself soon enough after buying. I figured out how bad snipers were right after booting up CS:S for the first time. I was still loading up when the screen flickered, and I still don't know why, but I got a picture of a man with an AWP jammed down his throat stuck in my head. The barrel was portruding from his belly and blood and intestines lay spread over the sand in Dust_II. I couldn't shake it for the remainder of the loading screen, but I figured out what it meant right after starting my first game. It still haunts me today... Anyway, don't let horror stories like this one frighten you, I'm sure it was just me... BUYBUYBUBYBUYBUYBUYBUYBYUBYUBYUBYUBYUBYUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUY
game-hours: 741.4
review: Ta gra ma z mikkiego frajera (jakim jeste) zrobi z ciebie SAMCA ALFA!!!!!!! Jeeli po pierwszych 150h w grze nie bdziesz ocieka testerononem i nie bdziesz mia wosw na klacie oraz bujnej brody harleyowca to id gra w sapera bo tu nic nie osigniesz :P Dla tych co speni te wymagania dostan po 150h AK47 (bez amunicji) a po kolejnych 200h moliwo kupienia amunicji do niego. Zastanawiasz si jak przez 350h masz zabija? A n od czego masz onierzu? Karaj noobw w przeciwnym teamie jak rwnie w swoim zajebistym noem ;) Generalnie karaj kadego tym noem kto ci stani na drodze. Przeciwnika, przyjaciela, kurczaka, bomb, flashe, smokegrenady a nawet hegrande. Kupujesz defuse? Nie jeste SAMCEM ALFA. Prawdziwy SAMIEC ALFA lubi dreszcz emocji (std jego owosienie i testosteron) Krtko Gr polecam w hooooooy. Zrobi z ciebie SAMCA ALFA i prawdziwego RAMBO, ktry zabija wszystko po drodze :D Bonus BGC te poleca z azarskiego Rejonu!!!!!!
game-hours: 946.0
review: it's the best game evar
game-hours: 291.9
review: :*
game-hours: 2879.5
review: :)
game-hours: 944.1
review: Great game that is easy to learn but impossible to master, A really high skill level makes this a gam e fun to put alot of hours into!
game-hours: 646.0
review: day 1 = "Im definately not gonna fall into this 'paid skins' scam." today = "Dammit! tec-9 sandstorm again! maybe on my 150th case ill get a knife!" 10/10 Gaben pls. bless
game-hours: 1534.8
review: Best chicken farming simulator
game-hours: 1159.3
review: CSGO>life>everything else
game-hours: 1792.7
review: Fun but considering VAC is so sensitive it really can suck sometimes.
game-hours: 16.4
review: Very good game Search in Google and see videos Recommended game
game-hours: 715.3
review: The walls and pillars are alive in this stellar player vs latency experience. Join our hero "the awp" in his single player mission to destroy all living creatures in a 10 mile radius instantly, before he is visable. The real key to this game is to make sure to never at any point activate your Cortex, or any other part of the brain that could inhibit your ability to jam a or d in alternating ways, while violently thrashing your mouse around horizontally. With new-player friendly weapons like the "p90" and the "auto sniper", you are assured that even your 1 eyed pet monkey with a learning disability will still be able to pick up kills. But watch out for anyone with above 100 ping, as they are able to activate the secret "Time-Lord" passive which allows them to play their client in the past, present, and future. Because of this, the omnipotent "Time-Lords" also known as "Brazilians" are able to bend matter and the universe to their will, allowing them to accomplish their round the corner headshots, and invisible peeks. Which adds an exciting new aspect to the game! So if you are ready to get in there and die defusing bombs for your teammates as they tactically clear the wrong bombsite on the opposite side of the map, or be manipulated by the all powerful diety known as "interp", then this is the game for you!
game-hours: 182.7
review: A very good game
game-hours: 332.7
review: Nice game !!!
game-hours: 231.9
review: Best game out there for competitive FPS gaming.
game-hours: 514.7
review: Makes you wish you could reach through your opponent's screen and strangle them too death. Would recommend too anyone.
game-hours: 293.8
review: I get s while playing this game. Big thumbs up!
game-hours: 1971.1
review: If u dont like chickens you should totally buy this game cause you can kill chickens and it has fish ai
game-hours: 1838.7
review: Always getting better. So much to learn and improve on and the skins add a really nice freshness to everything, it's never the same old M4 or the same old AK47 texture the wide range of skins and the 5 different quality levels make every game a little bit fresher. Generally speaking a great community, among the best around normally very helpful and friendly but game for a laugh if it's there to be had. I'm hooked and I know most people will as well if they give it a chance. 210K viewers for the recent finals of EMS one Katowice 2014 finals, the game is only going up so you may as well get into it now.
game-hours: 2.4
review: All i can say is... AWESOME.
game-hours: 2341.1
review: Best shooter ever!
game-hours: 880.2
review: Heavy Game
game-hours: 1083.6
review: Definitiv das Geld wert, macht viel Spa!
game-hours: 167.4
review: Amazing game, and is a must have game if you dont.
game-hours: 84.9
review: I lack talent at this game so it's obviously bad.
game-hours: 1248.8
review: Best FPS GAME EVER!!! I always play this game. Still love it and it never gets old!!
game-hours: 527.6
review: I recommend it is one of the best shooters I played
game-hours: 1073.8
review: After a while of playing cs:go I can talk about many good things in this game but also a few bad aspects that can kill the fun you could have with this game. I will start with the positive things I can say about cs:go. The Gameplay is great as a source player it felt a bit strange in the beginning, but after a few weeks of playing itss getting way better. The Graphical style is good a bit strange but I dont like the strong movement of the weapons while running. Or the command "cl_ragdoll_physics_enable 0" is cheat protected. But this is more minor. But theres a much bigger Problem the Wintersale was great no question but a price reduced Counter-Strike part is more hurting the game cause these days I had seen many cheaters and a very bad working Anti-Cheat-Solution the VAC isnt bad. And Im not really sure how the "Report a Cheater" System is actually working. But the one that really gets on my nerves is that I hit with tapping much less as one who sprays and duckspam alltime But All in one its a great and well done game with his little edges but most of them arent that bad. By any questions or other things feel frtee to ask me.
game-hours: 1319.3
review: Me and first person shooters have had a love hate relationship for a very long time, starting out on halo and competing in a few tourneys in it started my descent into it, though after Halo 3's release I felt sort of let down by the genre, attempting to move over to the Call of Duty franchise left me feeling bored with easy gameplay, and constant hands grabbing at my wallet which made me leave FPS in general Then a few months ago I build my first PC looking around during the steam sale for stuff I found the Valve complete pack which had L4D2 and Portal, which I knew and love, aswell as half life which I had yet to try one night when bored I noticed this game in my library and was like, hmmm I wonder what this is I have not returned from that moment, this game has had me so in love, more so then my early days in Halo it is proof for me that graphic fidelity is not the be all end all, the mechanics in this game make it one of the most intense games I have ever played that moment where you start defusing, you hear someone behind you and turn and get that quick lucky headshot, then turn back and start defusing again, as the beeping gets faster and you feel your heart racing hoping that you dont see that green light that marks your demise No matter how many times I have had this moment it has not lost a cent of its love and intensity from me As I said earlier it is not the most visually pleasing, if your looking for over the top visuals, go elsewhere however if you want a well constructed game that runs silky smooth on 90% of machines, and will challenge you to get better. A game where Skill conquers nearly all besides raw luck on rare occasions a game that you dont just pick your favorite gun and keep spawning in with it, where each round your paying to get that gun off of your past performance from the last rounds, and you have to decide, do I just not buy anything or do I get a sub par gun in an attempt to get some real kills CS GO forces you to think smart you cant just walk and spray in a straight line, there is recoil, and there are true tactics here that cater to the well prepared and well coordinated there are also casual modes, which I have little interest in, I play them when I havent played in a few days and want to get myself back in gear before moving back into Competitive I really do enjoy the community market place on here, I have spent way to much on gun skins, but there is absolutely no pressure to buy anything, however I feel its nice to have a gun and name it once in a while and be like "THIS, this is mine" I hope more people get in on this game, especially at this price there is almost no reason not too, I have sold guns on this game for over $60 which then got me a whole bunch of other cheaper gun skins and a game or two this is by far my favorite first person shooter
game-hours: 471.9
review: Best EU :D
game-hours: 499.2
review: I love this game
game-hours: 1609.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 603.3
review: Very Nice Game :)
game-hours: 1231.9
review: IKAD NAJJACA!
game-hours: 1225.4
review: this game is alot of fun and is very competitive if your into that sort of thing
game-hours: 612.3
review: JES MY FRIENDS JES
game-hours: 556.0
review: Fantastic game, good community, fun to play and by far my favorite of the Counter-Strike games.
game-hours: 218.3
review: Fun game, really brings back memories of the goold 'ol CS days.
game-hours: 559.2
review: epic fps game :3 has camos and all the fun things a fps game needs :) has new game mods and skins added often i recomend it alot
game-hours: 180.1
review: If you don't have it, get it or
game-hours: 1302.4
review: The great CS saga continues with CS:GO. A good upgrade from 1.6, with maps being a little bit tweaked with in a goal to balance maps to be less one-team-sided. It is different from CS 1.6 (some people still prefer 1.6 by the way), but it's not similar a tiny bit to any other modern multiplayer-shooters like Call Of Duty series and Ghost Recon:Phantoms. CS:GO is a game that requires the most skill of all multiplayer modern shooters, and teamplay can be as hard as it is fun sometimes, and that is what makes this game so good. It's not just about shooting people. It's a lot more about movement, planning, patience, and timing. One thing i do have a problem with however, is not a big deal (not a thing that happens all that often), is a certain hand grenade scenario. Whenever you run, and you get hit DIRECTLY by opponent's hand grenade (HE, Flashbang, Smoke, Decoy), you actually get blocked by the grenade and it distracts you from moving for a precious 0.5-1.0 sec. There is some argument for it to stay that way. I reckon if you get hit in real life like that, you wouldn't just go on like nothing happened, but the whole thing feels glitchy. It's a thing that should be fixed.
game-hours: 1893.5
review: It's right in the middle of Source and 1.6 in terms of gameplay and feel and now with addicting skin collectables
game-hours: 596.0
review: gUd
game-hours: 417.3
review: Just... buy it!
game-hours: 840.4
review: Cs go what a weird game if you play you will have hours of fun but you will hate all people who cant read and who speaks a differnt language you will aslo hate the 8 year old kids who scream down the mic and cant aim for
game-hours: 734.3
review: Really a lot better than i expected!!! Try for yourself!
game-hours: 582.6
review: This is a game that needs skill , Not recomended to COD players .
game-hours: 753.8
review: very good shooting game!
game-hours: 1358.3
review: Do jaja !
game-hours: 393.9
review: Top FPS on the market.
game-hours: 952.2
review: ,    ,    ,      !!! 10/10
game-hours: 867.6
review: It is a very good game
game-hours: 1245.2
review: Volvo fix it please ;d
game-hours: 371.8
review: It's running away from people with guns, 5/5.
game-hours: 852.9
review: Best Game NAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
game-hours: 122.5
review: It is truly worth the money. This next installment of the notorious "Counter-Strike" series takes it to an all new level. Featuring breaktaking nostalgia, and even new maps to conquer. Along with weapons with different stats and skins, your gun will be unique down to the very bone of your trigger finger. Don't miss out on this great game!
game-hours: 115.1
review: Def worth it.
game-hours: 278.4
review: stressful, but enjoyable when played with friends.
game-hours: 334.4
review: To many geek
game-hours: 853.7
review: first case opened, got a knife. 400 cases later not so lucky...
game-hours: 1172.6
review: Reallly nice game :]
game-hours: 467.9
review: So violent, I only recommend if you are grown man with testicles, When i get shot in my head, there is this toilet fushing sound, that tells you that you're . Weapons: Ok there is puny weapon, that is m4a1 and ak47, and then there is manly weepun like NEghef and knife, they are lethal to the touch, you feel power when held in hands.
game-hours: 497.2
review: Perfect game
game-hours: 386.1
review: Very nice!! Everyone should get it! Low end machines are able to run it nicely ;)
game-hours: 998.2
review: Just Awesome!!!
game-hours: 87.4
review: Awesome Graphics than 1.6 Totally Worth Buying It :D
game-hours: 657.9
review: Good game, guys
game-hours: 344.6
review: Basically this game is the funniest game I ever played. I play it on a daily basis and play and meet new people. Counter Strike is love and Counter Strike is Life :DDDDDDD
game-hours: 540.9
review: <3
game-hours: 1238.1
review: Hey this game is fun.
game-hours: 669.3
review: ing best game out always fun with friends
game-hours: 9.4
review: i have only been playing this game for about 2 weeks now but I have had this game on the xbox 360 so my friend decided to gift me it. This game has been amazing from my time on the 360 but it is waaaay better on pc. 9/10
game-hours: 140.1
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 84.3
review: You can shoot chickens while on a perilous mission to eliminate the terrorist threat. 11/10 Did I also mention you can shoot chickens?
game-hours: 1781.7
review: crazy game!!!!
game-hours: 2384.7
review: GG
game-hours: 501.0
review: hats = guns
game-hours: 1253.8
review: Awesome FPS game
game-hours: 372.0
review: polecam! gra dla prawdziwych terrorystow
game-hours: 2392.8
review: in 1 word : "WOW" I Think it one of the best game i played, What i like in that game? Ans : Competitve it the best part there like Gather/PCW in CS 1.6 but much more! i recommend on that game and counter strike 1.6 the first one as cost 9.99$ really best games ever Love You Valve
game-hours: 5.3
review: the grapics quality is not the best! but the gameplay still good like the old cs series! 4.5/5 for me
game-hours: 380.9
review: If you whant to play a good shooter thats your game :)
game-hours: 636.8
review: good game
game-hours: 268.9
review: Best Game Ever <3
game-hours: 1222.8
review: <3
game-hours: 118.2
review: Worth buying
game-hours: 1737.0
review: I shooted the enemy and they die sometimes 9/10
game-hours: 525.8
review: 3 paychecks into cases and all of them common 5/5
game-hours: 669.7
review: This game adds a whole new level of "First Person Shooters". I have learned that FPS's aren't all about going up to someone and shooting, but rather playing things tactically, and carefully. Definently should check out this game if you need a good FPS for once in your life.
game-hours: 371.9
review: Just an amazing FPS, would definately recommend to anyone willing to die a million times. (in a fun way)
game-hours: 557.5
review: pretty legit
game-hours: 325.3
review: An awesome fps with a very active community and fun multiplayer , really worth buying!
game-hours: 329.5
review: Best fps ever ^-^
game-hours: 490.8
review: Nice game!
game-hours: 997.3
review: such game, wow Very best
game-hours: 204.9
review: the best game ever after dota 2
game-hours: 924.4
review: I kicked an trolling russian player on our team and got a 24h ban for it. I got kicked because i wasn't doing good got a 7d ban for it. Something on your computer is blocking the vac system got a 24h ban for it. Finished a match and the game did not register the match as ''Finished'' got a 7d ban for it. Teammate jumps in front of my awp shot, got an 24h ban for it. -volvo plz
game-hours: 158.5
review: a good game with a fun community. although the mic spammers can get annoying since there is no way to mute people. also the game has a relatively steep learning curve so you cant come from another shooter and expect to do well
game-hours: 473.4
review: Start to tell a russian over side chat to shutup and you get the full team of russians and pollish screaming at you to shutup, after that it then came up at the side of the screen that they wanted to kick me, i now know... not to shout at russians. 11/10 would play again
game-hours: 588.6
review: I like this game very much. If you play it with a good team like KOGP (KeepOutGamerAtPlay) you'll enjoy it but if you have to play against hacker you'll hate it :-( So buy it, play it, enjoy it and kill the enemies particularly hacker. We will see (shoot) you.
game-hours: 138.2
review: This games ams  if yous ams not, how do you says, much gooders than everyones else. 9/10
game-hours: 83.3
review: this game seriously owns hard. i'm barely at an acceptable level in terms of skill and game knowledge but i've never felt so badass for doing well (kda) or making a sick clutch 1v3 or knifing some fool who is reloading around the corner. steep learning curve but very rewarding and satisfying to improve at. also it's counterstrike; you literally cannot go wrong.
game-hours: 88.9
review: ING AWESOME <3 :D
game-hours: 20.4
review: really?, everytime you see an enemy you crouch?, for what? it ain't work to me -_- anyway a nice game, a nice community, a Really nice FPS game, and a really nice Trading with other games like DOTA 2 and Team Fortress 2 Freaking recommended!
game-hours: 418.3
review: Very very nice game
game-hours: 756.2
review: This game is awsome, i just cant play other games, i play this game all day and all night :D, cause it's awsome and a good game. The CS 1.6 is awsome too and it's like first Global Offensive and the real one is second. 10/10 I hope this game will be the best forever.
game-hours: 819.6
review: Do you like killing people? Do you like killing people with a desert eagle? Do you like killing people with a 150 round MACHINE GUN? and above all else Do you like accusing your opponents of hacking/smurfing or just pure luck? If you answered yes to any of these questions, this game is just for you. The game will make you: Scream for hours Throw your hands up in the air furiously Call out your teammates for being bad Throw your mouse across the room Throw your cat across the room Throw your dog across the room Send your laptop/desktop computer flying Blame lag because you suck These are the lovely benefits you get from playing counter strike, and after 400 hours ingame i can only tell you to pick this game up. I hope you'll find this helpful
game-hours: 1635.1
review: Best Game ever !
game-hours: 1119.9
review: One of the most pure forms of FPS out there. Insane community! Always meeting new people everytime you play. The oppurtunity to make cash while playing through the trading system and selling system is also a bonus. If you like FPS and want something more challenging then COD or BF4 then this is the game for you.
game-hours: 196.3
review: really good game. best fps, I've seen so far.
game-hours: 1428.5
review: very good game. would reffer it to others.
game-hours: 110.0
review: i'ts a good game, i enjoy it a lot
game-hours: 104.0
review: The best hardcore action tactical adventure fps RPG shooty mans video game
game-hours: 110.0
review: Like CS:SOURCE, but with hats. A+.
game-hours: 1248.8
review: Best FPS GAME EVER!!! I always play this game. Still love it and it never gets old!!
game-hours: 527.6
review: I recommend it is one of the best shooters I played
game-hours: 1073.8
review: After a while of playing cs:go I can talk about many good things in this game but also a few bad aspects that can kill the fun you could have with this game. I will start with the positive things I can say about cs:go. The Gameplay is great as a source player it felt a bit strange in the beginning, but after a few weeks of playing itss getting way better. The Graphical style is good a bit strange but I dont like the strong movement of the weapons while running. Or the command "cl_ragdoll_physics_enable 0" is cheat protected. But this is more minor. But theres a much bigger Problem the Wintersale was great no question but a price reduced Counter-Strike part is more hurting the game cause these days I had seen many cheaters and a very bad working Anti-Cheat-Solution the VAC isnt bad. And Im not really sure how the "Report a Cheater" System is actually working. But the one that really gets on my nerves is that I hit with tapping much less as one who sprays and duckspam alltime But All in one its a great and well done game with his little edges but most of them arent that bad. By any questions or other things feel frtee to ask me.
game-hours: 1319.3
review: Me and first person shooters have had a love hate relationship for a very long time, starting out on halo and competing in a few tourneys in it started my descent into it, though after Halo 3's release I felt sort of let down by the genre, attempting to move over to the Call of Duty franchise left me feeling bored with easy gameplay, and constant hands grabbing at my wallet which made me leave FPS in general Then a few months ago I build my first PC looking around during the steam sale for stuff I found the Valve complete pack which had L4D2 and Portal, which I knew and love, aswell as half life which I had yet to try one night when bored I noticed this game in my library and was like, hmmm I wonder what this is I have not returned from that moment, this game has had me so in love, more so then my early days in Halo it is proof for me that graphic fidelity is not the be all end all, the mechanics in this game make it one of the most intense games I have ever played that moment where you start defusing, you hear someone behind you and turn and get that quick lucky headshot, then turn back and start defusing again, as the beeping gets faster and you feel your heart racing hoping that you dont see that green light that marks your demise No matter how many times I have had this moment it has not lost a cent of its love and intensity from me As I said earlier it is not the most visually pleasing, if your looking for over the top visuals, go elsewhere however if you want a well constructed game that runs silky smooth on 90% of machines, and will challenge you to get better. A game where Skill conquers nearly all besides raw luck on rare occasions a game that you dont just pick your favorite gun and keep spawning in with it, where each round your paying to get that gun off of your past performance from the last rounds, and you have to decide, do I just not buy anything or do I get a sub par gun in an attempt to get some real kills CS GO forces you to think smart you cant just walk and spray in a straight line, there is recoil, and there are true tactics here that cater to the well prepared and well coordinated there are also casual modes, which I have little interest in, I play them when I havent played in a few days and want to get myself back in gear before moving back into Competitive I really do enjoy the community market place on here, I have spent way to much on gun skins, but there is absolutely no pressure to buy anything, however I feel its nice to have a gun and name it once in a while and be like "THIS, this is mine" I hope more people get in on this game, especially at this price there is almost no reason not too, I have sold guns on this game for over $60 which then got me a whole bunch of other cheaper gun skins and a game or two this is by far my favorite first person shooter
game-hours: 57.3
review: Hey guys it's just me here. I played 3...2...1 (CS) GO! Haha. I rate it 9 out of 10. I rated Infestation 8 out of 10. Garry's Mod 9 out of 10. Ace of Spades 2 out of 10. NMRIH i rated 7.5 out of 10. Iron Grip 10 out of 10. Well that's it for now. I hope you liked, you can comment or subcribe if you want (;
game-hours: 621.3
review: Shoot people Call yourself GeT_RiGht And then proceed to jump off a bridge. In all honesty, this game is worth it because it's learning curve is not as hard as the previous Counter Strikes. You still need to learn how to aim, and know callouts for playing competitive, but it also has casual gamemodes that you can play to let off steam(get it?) This game is worth. 10/10 would cry about missing 3 AWP shots in a row.
game-hours: 187.9
review: Competitive af. 10/10 recommend. Kept me hooked on
game-hours: 338.1
review: This game is definately worth the price! I would advise you to watch out how much you spend in game, though. Several people I know have spent more than $200.00 on gun skins. It is really fun to play competively and casually! I would recommend it to any FPS fan!
game-hours: 210.0
review: Nothing quite like CS:GO; you play well in competitive, you're an aimbotter/ wallhacker; you play poorly, or have fun, or tell a bad teammate he's bad, or get paired up with a 4-stack while soloing, guarenteed you get kicked and get a 7 day matchmaking ban. Get kicked after that, ever? 7 day ban. You can pretty much guarentee, if you play 2 matches a day in competitive, that you'll only be able to get in about 6-8 matches a month. Beyond that every time this game goes on sale, all the Overwatch work was for nothing, since you get flooded with hackers, smurf accounts, and noobs. This could probably be solved by IP banning/ MAC address banning, but someone was too lazy to implement a real fix so we just get more long drawn out PSAs from Valve about integrity and honor. Thanks. 11/10 best chicken chasing sim.
game-hours: 1130.7
review: 10/10 would play Matchmaking again
game-hours: 281.7
review: great fps game, very fun.
game-hours: 190.0
review: If you enjoy buying in-game items for bragging rights, getting a prolonged ban for defending yourself from a teammate who is shooting you with intentions to teamkill, and curling up in a ball in your parents basement to play a game for your entire life, then this game is perfect for you. ~Rate: 3.5/10 (Inb4 CS:GO fanboys disapproving of this review)
game-hours: 339.7
review: I played 300hrs of it and its OK. Im still silver 1 what the  valve
game-hours: 210.1
review: the best FPS ONLINE game
game-hours: 82.6
review: 10    10
game-hours: 77.0
review: Play This Game! Is Really awesome!
game-hours: 377.4
review: If you'd compare this game with almost any other FPS you'd see that teamwork is really important in this game. Competitive play they added in CS:GO is great, it allows you to increase your rank level (or lose it). The best thing in CS:GO are the drops. Skins for weapons are really awesome, some of them at least. And then there is Operation Payback, it allows you to play Casual on Custom maps and increase your Payback coin level (Bronze, Silver, Gold). Then there is another good mod, Arms race. In this mod you have to kill 26 players, all with different weapons, and last the first one to get the kill with knife wins the round.
game-hours: 1221.0
review: amazing :3
game-hours: 1645.7
review: It's counter strike....need I say more?
game-hours: 799.5
review: cs go sauketesoa
game-hours: 1434.3
review: niiiiiiice gaaaaaaaaame
game-hours: 1185.7
review: kurva anyd
game-hours: 580.3
review: Awensome game!!!! :)
game-hours: 1447.5
review: Wow. Much offensive. Very global. Such countered.
game-hours: 119.8
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive delivers something rarely seen in modern shooters. It brings us back to a time of simpler multiplayer action. In this war, you don't need to call in screaming jets, there are no pointless tchotchkes to unlock, and a stray bullet could mean plotting your revenge for minutes rather than seconds. Modern shooters do their job well, but Counter-Strike is the series that helped build the scene. At 1O euros, Global Offensive is a great extension to that legacy.
game-hours: 295.5
review: +
game-hours: 801.7
review: Best game ever! I love it :)
game-hours: 1286.1
review: Buy it! Aside from the really good people *EHEM* smurfs *EHEM* and hackers. Its a 5/5 out of 5. Cx
game-hours: 245.4
review: Pew Pew Pew!
game-hours: 1835.5
review: Amazing game. Awesome graphics yet lightweight game. Love the intensity of the sound effects of AK 47, AWP and Molotov. Very effective gameplay.
game-hours: 1518.9
review: A sto je ovo da mi je znati , nego eto level
game-hours: 500.1
review: It's have been changed a lot this game. Now it's even better. Play and enjoy your game
game-hours: 453.7
review: This game is great and one of the best first person shooters of its generation. Its emphasis on death keeps this shooter different from other shooters of a similar nature and what it loses in scale compared to games like Battlefield it makes up in how much gravity you as an individual have on the match. The feeling of being the last one on your team has not been replicated in any other game I have ever played and the feeling of winning against skilled opponents is unrivaled. It happens to be one of those games that seems to never get old.
game-hours: 272.0
review: Grate game must try
game-hours: 469.8
review: this game is niceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
game-hours: 670.9
review: Great game where you can trade, unlock camos, and play with your friends on "competitive" mode. Over all great game!
game-hours: 85.9
review: A nice challenging fast paced shooter, i would recommend this game to every FPS gamer out there
game-hours: 8.9
review: a
game-hours: 794.1
review: Introduction: Well, I play Counter-Strike for quite a while now. It all started for me with Counter-Strike 1.4. (Yes there was a time before Counter-Strike : Source, and yes even a time before Counter-Strike 1.6 AND a time before even Steam was released) My journey with Counter-Strike began with a small Lan-Party with 6 people in a small room at a friends parents house, I played it for the first time and had almost no idea what to do. The bomb is ticking? oh well, who cares? I got the bomb? oh well, who cares? I gotta shoot! And as you might guess, I sucked a lot. I was the epitome of a "NEWB" , "NOOB", "BOON", "NAP" and so on... But after a few hours I thought well I might get it... I kept playing this game after the LAN, started playing online and joined this HUGE Community, with some friendly people and .. a lot of not so friendly people.. But ey, Counter-Strike was BOOMING at that time. After a few months I joined my first Clan, I started Clanwars and kept getting better. I joined the Electronic Sports League - Europe (ESL.EU) and started to join more professionell Competitions (LIKE EAS FIRST DEVISION, Tournaments...) Than there was STEAM and 1.6 released, at the beginning of STEAM... oh God.. PEOPLE DID HATE IT (me too), there were so much troubles with Starting the Game (cause of the Steam Server) problems with the Client side of Steam, problems with Server lists.. list goes on and on. But there were always updates and improvements on Steam.. Anyways today I love Steam, and I love Counter-Strike 1.6. The jump from 1.5 to 1.6 wasn't that much big of a deal, it felt the same. (cl_weather 0) So I kept playing in the EAS / ESL / Tournaments / LAN Events... and it was just fine for years. Then there was Half Life 2 and Counter-Strike : Source comming.. jesus we all were so excited for it, the developer Team of CS:S said that they would change nothing but the graphics and so we thought YES THAT'S WHAT WE WANT! We did want the same freaking hot game just with better graphics, nothing changed on the gameplay and stuff. Same boxes on the maps, same spots on the maps and that's what they promised us.. But when we started playing it... We all knew after a few minutes that's it not even close to the feeling that CS 1.6 gave us.. the aiming was much easier, all of the sudden everyone on the server did a bunch of headshots, even with the DEAGLE, and they even did not had to aim, they could run and while they are running just keep shooting and somehow make some luck shots... So CS:S was never an option for us to play on a professionell level and after a while most of the professionell Clans kept playing CS 1.6. and now a few years later here is Counter-Strike : Global Offensive So when you start the Game you get a completely new Menu. (That looks OK) You get Match Making System, which is also completely new to the Counter Strike Universe, you can go on a Competetive Match Making and do a 5on5 Match just like in the leagues with penaltys for players who Teamattack, Teamkill or just leave the game. Which is quite a good thing, that's still needs a little improvement. It kinda sucks if you got 1 or 2 obvious cheater in the game that run with a speedhack over the map or an aimbot with a 99.9% headshot ratio and you have to play this game to the end. But the guys behind the game are working on that! Now there is this cool Feature Overwatch where some Players of the Community (chosen by some criteria like how long does he play, how often does he play, how is his reputation and so on) can watch gameplays of suspicious players and decide whether they think this guy is cheating or not. If the most part of the Overwatch stuff thinks he's cheating he'll get a ban. Gameplay: Well it feels for me and most of my friends more like Counter-Strike again, not really that exact same feeling like in 1.6 but it's the closest shot! They improved the weapon behavior, they made it a little bit harder to do Headshots and they improved the game sounds a little bit. You got 2 more Game modes, named Arms Race and Demolition that are really cool for a short side trip after hours of Classic Competetive Matches. It makes fun even though it's sometimes kinda hard to spot the enemy on some maps with all this particles and stuff that are flying around, and view sometimes feels for me a little bit cloudy, diffuse I don't know. Result Well we will never get that 1.6 again where it's most of the part really just about skill and aiming. But with GO we have a really fun game to play maybe even on a professionell level, but they need to fix a few things like the P90 is way too strong and almost every "NEWB" can archive a lot of easy kills with that. the DEAGLE is spraying TOO MUCH! After the first shot all other shots are flying anywhere but not near the position you're aiming at. You still sometimes can run and shoot and do some headshots (even on distance) which needs to be fixed (in my opinion) But all in all CS:GO is on a really good way to become the closest thing to the fun CS 1.6 gave us. So I can recommend this game to you guys. have fun.
game-hours: 654.1
review: mt bom
game-hours: 691.0
review: this game is very nice game
game-hours: 578.2
review: good
game-hours: 23.0
review: Fun Game, very entertaining, I like it better than CSS. I truly love this game.
game-hours: 28.2
review: Best game Evarrr
game-hours: 130.9
review: Best competitive shooter of all time.
game-hours: 2165.4
review: osum game:"
game-hours: 137.7
review: At First I bought this game with some left over money I had from trading my 2 goats and a pig for $25 I thought "Aye..why not try it out" at first it was kind of racist, the terrorists were always looking like my cousins nasik and saddam they even had the same guns as them!.... but then I started playing as a russian terrorist I was like not bad but then the worst part was the fact that no americans were terrorists ??? ???? ? ? ? LIKE FR NO OBAMA BRUH???? DAWG NIKES?? ?? ? ? ? Overrall if your an american fat  on a pc get this game.... if you arabic or russian DO NOT I REPEAT DO NOT GET THIS GAME!
game-hours: 30.3
review: DAT GAME :D
game-hours: 400.6
review: Nice Game For Shooters .
game-hours: 253.8
review: if i play on de_dust2 i listen to Another one bites the dust by Queen if i get a ace i listen to Aces high by Iron Maiden my girlfriend left me and i listen to Wasting Love by iron maiden i don't need her
game-hours: 1200.5
review: 10/10. This game is simply what a FPS should be. Not like CoD where you can camp and spray a gajillion bullets hoping to ill someone. CS:GO requires skill and time. It is not for the feint heart.
game-hours: 795.5
review: It may lack some of the community niceties, beloved maps, and little features of past games, but "Counter-Strike: Global Offensive" delivers on the promise of a faithful, polished, and better looking "Counter-Strike" for whoever wants it. Even if the community doesn't meet the golden standard of "Counter-Strike" and "Counter-Strike: Source", "Counter-Strike: Global Offensive" will remain a multiplayer classic for those willing to put in the time to learn the maps and weapons.
game-hours: 389.4
review: 420/10, will blaze it
game-hours: 1085.9
review: A great FPS game, lots to work on which keeps you busy. Provides lots of game time too.
game-hours: 1202.2
review: csgo is a masterpiece the raision why it's so good is because its absoplutely nothing like 1.7 or (clown)ter spike (michale's kat) source mod, bsolutely sero rezemblence to the piror games and is recommended by favorite comedian peter kay, who is known for his humerous comedy bit about a chocolate hob nob in tea !!!! its SOOO funny !!! anyway 46.2/10 it's a masterpiece peter kay i mean this game is ing garbage one time i was playing ont e4h agem !train" and it's basically not just 1 train as the name suggests but tather a soviet trainyard from the soviet union . the game went like this "kai went a" and he said !hello there a " and i said "no" and i shot them round 2 i wasd writing this review so i didnt do it round 3 i was shooting and the guy died so i stopped . it made me realise the futility of crime as i saw my life flash b4 my eyes in round 4 i realised how ing  a wall is bhecase its useful for stopping bullte. but bullet is used for SHOOT and making DEad SO ITS NECESARY therefore in a fuiture update i am suggesying the removal of wall round 6 we spoke about how the sky fall in round 8 me and ethan were talking abhout how we look in the mirror and there is not a JAGger in site and then the tragedy known as "jet set meets his bed" (in hell for selling illicit substanxcatces on the pupular game "span the andreas: more than one player" ) also i got killed by a brick with the p90 moving on to round 11 that still hasnt happened yet, i assume i killed all 5 members of their team and all 5 of mine and then kieleld myself . in round 14 we assesed the harsh reality of shooting with a ladder on ur back and how hard it is to do the action as per previously described in this very para graph. also additionally in addition to this i shot some1 else and he died and then did the same once more also we did it and got back in time for chwo americon dragon american healthcare american humor the terrorists did nothing wrONG OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO KKKKKKKKKKKK YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA BUDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD would reommebnd this game for the sole reason that once i was watching my favorite tv show "lost" and hurley the fat prick startd washing the dingleberrys out of his hairy cornhole and he said "TAHTS WAS TGE NOST PLEASURABLE EXPEIRNCE SINCE I JERKED OFF TO LESBIAN CP ON 4SHIN and then my DAD waljked in and went "HELOLO" folowed by "come on csgo u ing bender" so i did and now ive been playing since i opned it the blodclots in my legs gavnt killed me yet becausr the diabetes from all the mountain dew (r) game fuel (tm) (r) automatically ampuklated them and my amrs have been replcaed by 2 litre bottles of mountain d3w
game-hours: 1136.2
review: iz gud
game-hours: 687.4
review: One of the best games I have played. This is one of the first games I have played on my PC, ever since I joined Steam. There are so many things to do to pass time in the game, such as Surfing. Competitive is one my favorite things about the game, it allows for team communication and co-ordination. Also, opening cases have been the death of me, I have opened at least 50 of cases and nothing good, but that wont't stop me from opening them and getting the infamous Butterfly Knife. This game helped me get better at PC games as I was a COD player on console. This game will never get old, and I'll never stop playing it. On the other hand, it does have problems in the community such as Smurfs and hackers, but hopefully, they will try and remove this to keep the game fair. Furthermore, this is the most played game I have on my Library. I would definitely recommend this to anyone whether they are good at FPS or starting on PC games. This game gets 10/10 on my book.
game-hours: 620.9
review: I really do have a love hate relationship with this game. withthe right people it can be amazing fun. Gameplay is great and easy to pickup but will take some time to master. I recoomend this to anyone interested in a tactical fps.
game-hours: 590.7
review: Incrivel no tem como se arrepender de comprar esse jogo. compre sem medo
game-hours: 759.4
review: Global Elites = Five dollar inventories. Average Players = 100 dollar inventories. Silver 1s = 1,000 dollar inventories.
game-hours: 272.0
review: ocuklugumun oyunu almakla ge kalmm. onca sene bedava oynadk bu oyunu almanz tavsiye ederim
game-hours: 115.7
review: FOR THOSE WHO HAVENT PLAYED THIS, AN AMAZING QUOTE FOR U "If you have'nt played cs go yet, your a dog with no life". - me
game-hours: 570.9
review: Highly entertaining game! cool graphics and huge improvements from CS:Source... 9/10
game-hours: 733.8
review: Russians need to stop playing games. EVERY Russian In CSGO Is either Toxic or a griefer. Still love this game tho. <3
game-hours: 248.5
review: For all the long-time players and fans of Counter-Strike, the newest installment of Global Offensive will surely put your joy meter soaring up to the sky. Generally speaking, Global Offensive (CSGO) manages to implement tournament-like gameplay than previous Counter-Strike series. In it, Valve combining live matches features, so we can watch tournament live streaming; the other features is major updates from previous gamemodes, where now we have multiple sets of tourney-like rules in a map, which inline with the - on my opinion - way Valve want this game to be : as an e-sports game. "Before we go further, I would like to talk about Valve wants to bring CSGO as "e-sports qualified game", which in my opinion, are becoming like Dota 2 which massively supported by Steam to generate revenue via tournaments that they really put a big budget on it. As example is how Dota 2 has "The International", annual prime Dota 2 e-sports competition. By that, if you are CS fans in particular or FPS lover in general that wishes to play a game that might gets you onto a tournament, this is it. Intergrated match streaming, community geared towards tournament, mode rules to cater for competitive play and sportsmanship, player stats to track your progress, all in all to support the Valve and Steam goal to - once again, my opinion - put forth CSGO as sweet candy to collect professional team and put them into tournament (to get them more money, of course :) But hey, thats on positive word :) Besides, those who join the tourney does gets their gaming career even more further than before). Alright, now you know how ambitious Steam and Valve is to make CSGO an e-sports game and setting their own e-sports event, but paragraph below will talk about the CORE of why CSGO differs (or maybe not) from previous installment. So, take the tourney world and put it somewhere first, I'm not gonna review that further." On to the top of the ocean, CSGO does have increment over its previous series, especially the engine they uses. I'm not really expert at it, but it does makes the game more or no less better than CS:Source. Of course, that means new maps, overhauled old famous maps for newer engine, some new weapons and equipments (but also removing certain old weapons that's been present on previous CS series), kinda-new gameplay mechanics, new features like supported by Steam Market which you can buy and sell weapon skins, new "training" mode to play all available game modes in CSGO, achievements expanded, inventory system tied with the Steam Market to uses and keep your weapon skins, and more. Now, to talk deeper about the relations of Steam Market, in CSGO we can get drop loots at the end of the round, which could be a weapon or a case (you need key to unlock it) and you could sell it via Steam inventory to gain Steam Wallet money. Then newer this and newer that, it's just that CSGO is newer and improved. Sounds like a good next-gen CS game, eh? Because it is. Now, because they uses newer engine than CSS, it obviously has certain differences from CSS gameplay. One example is how the recoil works and player movement. It's now different, unlike CSS. Does it bad? Well, for me, I don't find anything bad about it, but on normal game I couldn't find any difference of it. Now, if you play on modded server like playing surf game, you will feel it different. Same with the weapon's recoil and it's relation with player movement. For the recoil, it's now more like a modern shooters, which more realistic than CSS recoil. Also, for the AUG and SSG552, we can aiming down the sight rather than simply "zoomed in", and it has more crosshair sway if you move your character. It makes it harder to land headshots, but its more easier to score body hit. Not saying that doing headshot is impossible, only harder to be compared to CSS and CS1.6. On the environment, it has more interactivity with ingame props and things. For novelty purposes, it's nice. like now the chickens are life-like, you can chase them around, and by that if you play normal game and spot a chicken running away from behind that wall, you know there's something fishy behind it :) All in all, CSGO is a nice to have if you love CS series, and more if you are looking for it's competitive play. But again, CSS is still fun to play, offers more flexibility on mods or custom skins, custom maps to play, and more. Both has it's own strong point, in which CSS still geared towards basic FPS, if you looking for FPS gameplay - or towards fun play, if you play on modded server while CSGO are geared towards competitive play, with little to custom mod your skins and things like that, and supported with multitudes of competitive-ness features. Both are good at different points, and by that I can recommended it for you guys. +1 for the game! *Of course, it's spec requirements also higher than CSS :) Don't worry, if your PC could handle CSS, it could handle CSGO. Don't worry about it. --- Edited for typo... plenty of them =_=
game-hours: 646.0
review: really challenging and fun with friends!
game-hours: 691.0
review: (Y)
game-hours: 122.5
review: This game is too real for players...
game-hours: 311.9
review: Hey, it's easy money!
game-hours: 74.3
review: Good Old Counter-Strike Improved!
game-hours: 1921.7
review: LOVE CSGO
game-hours: 648.8
review: Just awesome
game-hours: 156.2
review: Amazing Game 100% Recommend Buying.
game-hours: 704.1
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a first person shooter game that takes immense skill, which I do not have. However even if you are a terrible player, CS: GO allows you to still call other players "noob" or "pleb". This is what makes CS: GO a magnificent work of art. However, you cannot slay donkeys with swords (though you can slay chickens with knives).
game-hours: 1065.6
review: this game has guns, so if you're scared of them you shouldn't get this game.
game-hours: 312.9
review: Awsome game!
game-hours: 399.1
review: One of the best games out there. Nice ranking system adn community. Almost no hackers - - - - - - - Jus Kiddin spent 400$ in the game rip all games cuz hackers. gg not wp
game-hours: 1155.0
review: Extremely skillful game. Much skill, such win.
game-hours: 374.6
review: nice game :D
game-hours: 2325.1
review: Ever felt that you wanted to be apart of ISIS? no? well, anyways.. now you can, just join T-side!
game-hours: 15.6
review: Better than CoD + BattleField combined.
game-hours: 1121.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 573.6
review: gl hf
game-hours: 562.7
review: C'mon C'mon Chop Chop!!
game-hours: 231.0
review: Great game
game-hours: 1069.5
review: Good game!
game-hours: 1394.8
review: fantastisk game
game-hours: 260.2
review: Best FPS game.
game-hours: 1152.9
review: beausis
game-hours: 1102.6
review: The competative mode in this game is amazing, requires teamwork, leadership abilities, and cannot abandon teamates in a match without a penelty, makes this super fun.
game-hours: 573.3
review: 10/10 would poop on chin
game-hours: 38.5
review: <3 this game :)
game-hours: 187.7
review: I believe that CS:S has a better Modding community however, my personal preference is with GO all the way it is alot of fun and a great update to a fantastic series
game-hours: 299.9
review: love it so much
game-hours: 47.1
review: Best game.
game-hours: 156.6
review: Do I reccomend this game? Well, if you enjoy anal penetration while constantly being yelled at by your team mates, than yes.
game-hours: 1945.3
review: its pretty kewl m8
game-hours: 163.3
review: Counter-Strike : Global Offensive is an amazing shooting game,it is an interesting part of valve that contributes alot ! Every time I play it,I honestly feel awsome,it is kind of bad when you lose in competitive,knowing that you tried to carry but you team does not get it,but when you win the game by carrying your team,and they honor you,you fell great about your self. Another good part is the opening box thing,it is that time u hold your breath FOR A GOOD ITEM BUT NO,GET A FUKN P90(Field-Tested) RIGHT NEAR A KNIFE,FK THIS ! But,I said but...when you get a knife worth 300$,well,your life will be complete.
game-hours: 903.4
review: SUPER GREAT GAME WOULD PLAY FOR HOURS! community & match making could be better but so far great gameplay just get to know a few good players and ull love it !
game-hours: 189.3
review: game 1 shoot counter bombers and blow up game 2 shoot terror men and stop the boom
game-hours: 468.1
review: Another great game by Valve team, its fun, great graphics, there is competition between players and much more fun things, I suggest to buy this game
game-hours: 700.7
review: This game is lyfee!!
game-hours: 1145.9
review: This is the second best game I've ever played. Only the original Counter-Strike 1.6 is better in my opinion.
game-hours: 702.0
review: Korralik jrg 1.6-ele tulistamise poolest.
game-hours: 310.0
review: 10/10 Addicting, to the point of a 24/7 playtime. If Kanye played, he would probable think it is almost as good as Kanye. If Obama played, he would be lik, "Not Bad, actually this is great"
game-hours: 529.8
review: Nice game but there're too hackers.. Valve has to solve this problem.
game-hours: 18.4
review: Look at the positive review rate.... need I say more?
game-hours: 825.3
review: I approve this game.
game-hours: 442.2
review: need more skin drops tho. and more quality in case openings lel
game-hours: 358.6
review: I find it funny how the new CS is still cheaper than the old one.
game-hours: 62.6
review: best game evry tiem. cant life without it. buy this game, 6/6
game-hours: 356.7
review: Its rly good game.i would recommend it. :-)
game-hours: 691.6
review: 89.39.13.226:27015 Un nou server de cs.go va asteptam
game-hours: 1966.5
review: cs > all
game-hours: 254.5
review: good game
game-hours: 823.7
review: Great for competitive players. Involves A lot of tatical thinking (teamwork communication ect.)
game-hours: 638.7
review: Amazing
game-hours: 519.9
review: CS:GO is a game that will create migraines, destroy friendships, and hone rage skills, but in the end it is one of the most fun, living community there is in gaming. I reccomend this for anyone of ANY skill level, because its fun anyway.
game-hours: 416.4
review: If you're a fan of Call of Duty, buy the new ones at release, fanboy over it, then you should go out to gamestop and trade in every single one of those games and pick up a quality FPS. This one. Plus killing a chicken in deathmatch gets you +1 point. 10/10
game-hours: 670.8
review: This game consists of two people, noobs and people who get called hackers. 10 out of 10 would bang! If you haven`t bought this game, you must be on drugs
game-hours: 1369.8
review: I tried to knife a chicken by right clicking with my mouse but a teammate got in the way and lost over 50 hp Awesome review.
game-hours: 628.8
review: Allow Gaben to roll around in his billions of dollars.
game-hours: 218.2
review: Great Game. Love its skins! <3
game-hours: 499.0
review: sexy game
game-hours: 88.0
review: Good game, I like it.
game-hours: 617.5
review: Best game ever !
game-hours: 606.5
review: Sooooo Good.
game-hours: 514.9
review: This is my favourite game because i'm a fan of FPS shooters and this game is just awesome.
game-hours: 877.8
review: This game is great. The graphics are nice and the gameplay is fun and it's easy to understand. The maps are creative and nice.
game-hours: 710.9
review: CS GO is the Best Right now 10/10 Would Bang Again
game-hours: 332.1
review: The game is really nice. You get used to it really fast if you have any experience on FPS games. I feel like the only way to get good skins is to open boxes or purchase stuff from the market. But i do not have the passes for those DLC kinds of stuff so i am not sure about it so much. The gameplay is smooth and you can easily get 1080p/60fps no problem with a smooth PC. (master race :D) So if you want a nice game for the holidays this game is a must have.
game-hours: 198.4
review: The only game where someone claims that I'm impotato. MUST HAVE!
game-hours: 742.8
review: Best Competitive FPS on the market now. a Must buy for someone looking for a very Competitive Shooter.
game-hours: 1753.3
review: In my opinion its one of best games :) the gameplay is very good .. its easy to play it, but hard to master! BUT a contra: you will meet in cs go very very often bad players in ur team in comp.! so play only in a team with good players or you wont have fun
game-hours: 43.7
review: Really fun game if you have friends to play it with, or else it gets boring :D
game-hours: 193.8
review: Best fun :-D
game-hours: 427.8
review: I hate this game. #whatAmIDoingWithMyLife
game-hours: 118.2
review: kal
game-hours: 473.5
review: Vely nie
game-hours: 676.3
review: Damn good fun
game-hours: 247.8
review: One of the best FPS games out there
game-hours: 960.1
review: Really great game, best of the CS games IMO.
game-hours: 277.7
review: NO HATS, 1/10
game-hours: 309.3
review: its an ok time and money consuming game, i myself is a sucker for skins not just in csgo, ive been a big fan since first cs but it dont track that far back since steam was not used for playing cs in old times, Its a good game to learn team tactics aslong as you have a team to run/practise with, but be aware of cheaters and scammers, cause alot of them.And i still have alot of issues with hackers ruining the game for everyone else on the server, would be nice if someone like valve made and implemented a new anticheat like the one in titanfall, where if you cheat you can only play with cheaters, and they have to buy a new game every time they are caught cheating if they want to play in the future. Would also be nice if they banned the computer id instead of the ip, cause to many can go around the ip. Would also be nice with a anticheat that picks up on programs that are started and stopped during gameplay so its easier to take the more experienced cheaters aswell. It Gets Around 7/10, since it dont have the tilt function in upper body to look out from corners, prone, lack of cooking the greande, your still forced into bottlenecks on most maps, weapon change is to quick, and it still annoys the hell out of me that they have a heavy as h*** AWP/AWM that is made for stopping big trucks/cars by shooting thrue the engine block. Would be better to add a lighter sniper rifle since the name is cs.
game-hours: 797.3
review: It`s a little bit similar to COD MW3 but it`s better than CS 1.6. Recommended
game-hours: 1168.8
review: This is hella dope.
game-hours: 831.7
review: You can kill chickens 11/10
game-hours: 73.1
review: It is a ok game. Could be better. needs to be more like 1.6 that was the best Multiplayer game of all time nothing comes close to it.
game-hours: 272.7
review: I think the main enemy in this game are the chickens.
game-hours: 165.8
review: Best first person MMO out there, TF2 being a close second. However this game is not only fun to have a graet time with freinds but a awsome competitive community. 9/10
game-hours: 1669.2
review: This game is awesome I met a lot of friends.
game-hours: 1714.8
review: Best FPS game
game-hours: 549.3
review: My old game was updated on steam,, and global offensive are awesome.. u should buy this..
game-hours: 11.4
review: Such fun much wow
game-hours: 1508.3
review: RUSSIAN At the bottom of my thumbs in English    ? :   21  2012 ,      .      ,           Counter-Strike 1.6,                 .    -     ,    Valve   ,   Counter-Strike    ;            Global Offensive   ,      ,       Source,         ,             ,     ,          : 1  2012    ,      .          5 ,    30 ,   2 ,   24 ,   .   ,       ,      .  : .      ""  -  1  -  2  -  3  -  4  -   -     -  1   -  2   -  3   -    -  1   -  2   -         -             10 .      4-5  .   4        3.   .   :   cs            .    .             .         ,  ,            .    .    ?   .   150   MMR         gold nova 1.   .   : 6.5/10      "rusiian retrad"  "idi naxyu soka blyat`"      KURWAAAA C  . ENGLISH Hello everyone. Today I will tell you about Counter-Strike Global Offensive. Worth buying or not? Item: It was released on August 21, 2012,by that time I already pre-order. In the announcement of the game was reported that the developers promise to keep the basics of the gameplay "classic" version of the game Counter-Strike 1.6, and add new maps for multiplayer battles, among which are remakes of old maps with improved graficosim simultaneously with the first news-announcements games appeared the information that the developers at Valve have invited the best competitive players playing in Counter-Strike to test the new part; one of the testers described their impressions about working version Global Offensive is a small preview, in which he reports that "the project was developed on the updated Source engine, supports new types of weapons, and that the game will be redesigned and improved versions of old maps maps looked great, skins players and the animation is incredible, and the weapon was extremely beautiful" The first Chapter of the game: October 1, 2012 we released the new update, which added my favorite mode sorevnovaniya first premature exit the player will be locked competitive mode for 5 minutes, the second 30 minutes, the third is 2 hours, the fourth - 24 hours, fifth week. In that case, if the player does not break during the week, the level of the fine is reduced to the previous level. The second Chapter:about the titles. Here are all the title of the game "step by step" Silver - level 1 silver - level 2 Silver - level 3 Silver - level 4 Silver elite Silver - the Grand master Gold star - level 1 Gold star - level 2 Gold star - level 3 Gold star - master Master guardian - level 1 Master custodian - level 2 Master guardian elite Honored Master guardian Legendary eagle Legendary eagle master The Grand master of the highest rank World elite The title is given when you win 10 igrce would raise the title you want to win 4-5 games pogradeci you have won 4 and the fifth poured all you need to win 3. since the same when you lose. The third Chapter Patrol: Recently in cs added patrol I'll tell you what it is and how to join it. Patrol this punishment Chicherova given the demo man whose shareportal and you should understand you've cheated it or if it you've cheated and you said it and sent a request,it necessarily banned,if he doesn't you've cheated and you let him go with him nothing budesa patrol buns not Daytek to get this patrol?Easily and simultaneously Slonov need to win 150 and MMR and title, you should not be Menge gold nova 1. That's all. My game rating: 6.5/10 Because a lot of Russians and "rusiian retrad" and "idi naxyu soka blyat`" A lot and once again many KURWAAAA Thank you for your attention.
game-hours: 136.0
review: A serious improvement in counter strike series. A new polished version of a classic. Matchmaking is working fine and drops add something without ruining the game we used to love
game-hours: 827.1
review: Nice game :)
game-hours: 1270.4
review: PRO :)
game-hours: 145.8
review: lots of fun
game-hours: 598.0
review: cool game
game-hours: 342.4
review: I always in die. 5 stars. What did you think David?
game-hours: 792.9
review: A GR8 GAME
game-hours: 912.1
review: This is the best FPS. Highly recommend the game!
game-hours: 675.8
review: failing my a levels 420/420
game-hours: 710.2
review: Although I picked up this game with a bit of reluctance, I'm proud to say that I am sufficiently surprised by how detailed and fun this game can be. The competitive mode is like an addiction almost.
game-hours: 520.1
review: You can shoot chickens 11/10
game-hours: 65.8
review: I got obsessed with a blue gun, and wanted more blue guns. I got a DDAPT camo MP7 and got obsessed with that too. USP-Ses are OP and I love this game. 12/10 BEST GUN SIMULATOR 2012-2014
game-hours: 468.7
review: (Y)
game-hours: 73.1
review: Needs more civillians to kill. 0/10
game-hours: 1316.2
review: Thank you for giving me a huntsman case on the day it was released after 4 mins of deathmatch...and it was all gone in 1 day.Best money blower ever 69/10!
game-hours: 371.9
review: great game 9/10 the only problem i have with it is when your internet goes out and you were in a competitive match then u go back and your banned from competitive for 30 minutes - 7 days is the range of a ban length and i was banned from competitive for 7 days because i lost internet and couldnt do anything about it
game-hours: 1352.1
review: Love this game :) :**
game-hours: 84.8
review: Tis the best around. Buy it.
game-hours: 2387.3
review: is no 1.6
game-hours: 1524.1
review: great game, would play again.
game-hours: 43.4
review: Best FPS out there, but god help all those new players out there. Cold, frightened, and trapped with the rabid pack of elitists known as the CS:GO community. wonderful game 2/10
game-hours: 775.4
review: 10/10 spent over 250 hours, still silver stole 12343$ from me 10/10
game-hours: 465.3
review: Trying to derank. End up winning. 10/10.
game-hours: 9.0
review: ONE OF THE BEST GAMES EVER.The quotes from the CTs and Ts sound so real!The graphics are legit!It is overrall addicting.DAMN YOU BOT NILES!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1689.2
review: the best game ever
game-hours: 582.1
review: hands down dopest dope I ever smoked -sam towes
game-hours: 237.6
review: 10 / 10 best game
game-hours: 691.5
review: I see the potential in me playing this more, I am a total noob at the moment and this game takes more strategy (a lot more) than your run-of-the-mill FPS game. Very fun though, and I could get better with time.
game-hours: 255.7
review: Best tactical shooter since 1.6
game-hours: 1494.6
review: If you don't like this game delete ur system
game-hours: 1810.3
review: This game is the perfect blend of teamwork, action, skill and tension. It has the community that is not the one it deserves, but one it needs. This game is all I play. Its the best 11 euros EVER spent. Gameplay is smooth, competitive asset to it is just amazing. There is nothing better than seeing a pro match, and then be like "I want to learn this. I want to be as good as him" . The skins are something I accepted at first, but the idea is so complex now, I mean, the skins arent as good as those you can download from FPSBanana, but these are the skins EVERYBODY sees. That is the thing with it. I just fell in love with the game. As I said, smooth, challenging gameplay, the economy of Market and community and pro matches makes this game a no-brainer at 15 dollars/11 euros. If you can buy, if you want to play it, you should. Because there is no other game like Counter Strike.
game-hours: 997.5
review: nice.
game-hours: 445.9
review: Played 3 months as a Silver Elite. I got cancer. GG Would get cancer again +++
game-hours: 532.5
review: Highly reccomend this: good gore good community fun competitive matches 10/10
game-hours: 764.8
review: Amazing game, love it.
game-hours: 664.3
review: 10/10 Fixable bugs, would debug again.
game-hours: 13.3
review: Why buy Call of Duty and Battlefield for 50 dollars when you can get the best First person shooter game for 15 dollars
game-hours: 1777.5
review: awsome :D
game-hours: 165.0
review: Pretty amazing
game-hours: 1343.1
review: the best :)
game-hours: 886.8
review: This game is great! It will make your  explode!!!! I know mine did, hahaha... Any how Buy, let gaben aquire your hard earned money. GABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENvGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABENGABEN
game-hours: 645.2
review: Vodkafarians and kiddies are all over this ing game. They're like a disease
game-hours: 1284.8
review: Best game evah made.
game-hours: 627.9
review: Very good FPS. You need a lot of teamwork to win a game. Game is not too expensive and its absolutely worth its price since you can make it up by selling in game items.
game-hours: 1210.3
review: siq
game-hours: 112.6
review: This is the greatest way ever to earn 50 cents and hour in order to be able to buy more games....... 11/10
game-hours: 49.2
review: Much improved from CSS, graphics and just all in general a heck of a lot better gameplay, an essential in anyone and everyone's library, trust me it's a lot better than COD :D
game-hours: 389.2
review: This game has cool guns n stuff. 10/10
game-hours: 589.6
review: Fun game
game-hours: 1303.0
review: Absouletly one of the best FPS games out there! There are some flaws with this game, like servers crashing and staying down for like 1-2 days, and of course, your usual hackers...... but other than that, this game is amazing! I'd recommend this to any one interested in realistic, fun, and competitive FPS games. P.S. If you rage easily, I dont think you should play this game....
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.9
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2870.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 205.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 779.7
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 641.2
review: Great game one of the best I've ever played
game-hours: 585.1
review: Really good game! :)
game-hours: 96.8
review: first off id like to give a shout out and show of appreciation to Paul Grungo, President of Small Dads with Big Ideas Inc. He taught me that being a short father does not mean you have to give up your lease on life so easily. Too bad for him I could care less for him and his mickey mouse window washing bike riding organization. I stomped him into a fine red paste, I hope the last thing that went through his skull, other than my size 16 steel toe tread, was that everything that he strove for in life was a  ing lie and that small dads should adapt or die. thats all i have to say on the matter, please stop calling or ill be forced to live my life without any phones and cry.
game-hours: 1484.8
review: !!!
game-hours: 578.5
review: Good Game !
game-hours: 92.4
review: good game :) !
game-hours: 974.1
review: Russians/10
game-hours: 762.0
review: this game gave me autism. Rate 9/11 Russians are mongoloids.
game-hours: 418.9
review: 10/10 ruined my life, created a new account, ruining my grades. However I made $5 today, worth it.
game-hours: 324.3
review: Very good game, if you want to play for fun- casual is perhaps not as fun solo but competitive mode with friends or on your own is incredibly fun the majority of the time (if you win). Easy to get to grips with, much different to most FPS's and takes a lot of skill but can be picked up reasonably quickly with more gametime.
game-hours: 409.1
review: This is one of the best games I have ever played but the smurfs and hackers ruin it, let's kill them all please....
game-hours: 505.6
review: M8 i R8 8/8 its gr8 buy it m8 Or i ddos you ~12YearOldSWAGLORD
game-hours: 437.8
review: eh
game-hours: 394.3
review: Want To Get Laid? This Is The Game For You! 11/10 ~ D!ME
game-hours: 253.4
review: Na'Vi. But besides that it's 10/10
game-hours: 815.4
review: i hate this game with a passion, but it's fun
game-hours: 459.1
review: crap game full of try hard ragers
game-hours: 1229.5
review: good game very good
game-hours: 263.0
review: Im really like this game,is very fun to play with friends in this game and also get some new skins and bet
game-hours: 106.5
review: one of the best games to play
game-hours: 196.0
review: Good game :3
game-hours: 243.3
review: I liek dis gaem
game-hours: 762.5
review: Good game if you take the time to learn it :=)
game-hours: 562.7
review: Russian simulator 2015
game-hours: 478.0
review: 10/10
game-hours: 589.1
review: best game!
game-hours: 96.2
review: I love this game! I have raged in a way I haven't seen before! Oh syka noobs!
game-hours: 41.9
review: How do I ADS? Why can't I sprint?
game-hours: 1881.0
review: I Like this game... This is the best game Ive played... Who knows how to play cs go... Know what Iam talk about...
game-hours: 462.4
review: one of the most ic games i have ever experienced, provides hour upon upons of a purely ectasy-like euphoria that i cannot even express over text.
game-hours: 91.3
review: HOW TO BECOME AN ALCHOHOLIC: 1. Buy Counter-Strike: Global Offensive 2. Play Counter-Strike: Global Offensive 3. Drink away the pain of playing Counter-Strike: Global Offensive 10/10 would experience renal failure again
game-hours: 1106.9
review: BINGO BANGO BONGO BISH BASH BOSH! STAY FROSTY:
game-hours: 945.2
review: nice the game
game-hours: 142.9
review: Best Game.
game-hours: 1497.8
review: I realyy like this game
game-hours: 224.0
review: 8/8 would purchase keys again m8
game-hours: 143.8
review: 10/10 would ign again - IGN
game-hours: 117.3
review: 11/10 too mlg for me
game-hours: 251.5
review: Best FPS on the market. Strategic, and not a plain rush game in with no recoil like COD. Very cheap, an awesome market, and incredibly realistic. Favourite game (well, besides Skyrim)
game-hours: 39.6
review: Gr8 game m8 i r8 8/8
game-hours: 13.2
review: it's like tf2 with guns
game-hours: 963.4
review: Game is very tactical, competitive, and progressive. At the same time, it's enjoyable, has a great community around it, and above all else is addictive.
game-hours: 484.5
review: This  contains alot of  players   6/5 recommend
game-hours: 412.5
review: I got a knife, sold it, bought a on of skins and gained atleast 10 friends. 10/10 Would accept a friend request again.
game-hours: 852.6
review: Favorite game currently.
game-hours: 638.6
review: Awesome game. Glitching is very minimal.
game-hours: 398.7
review: Valve gives back stolen knives. 11/10
game-hours: 574.0
review: good competitive game
game-hours: 2562.7
review: Awesome
game-hours: 1116.3
review: While it has a steep learning curve, the fact that this game has taken the key components of modern shooters and packed it into a bundle of relatively simplistic gameplay for only $15 makes it well worth time and effort to learn, and produces hours of entertainment.
game-hours: 1999.4
review: gr8 m8, i r8 8/8
game-hours: 1141.3
review: It's okay.
game-hours: 998.5
review: great game love it sooo fun GRACHICS ARE AMAZEINGG PRETTY EASY TO RUN ON A 600$ COMPUTER OR EVEN A NORMAL PC CAN RUN THIS OR EVEN A LAPTOP A NORMAL ONE love this ggame the way its made TONS OF FREE MAPS TONS OF FREE UPDATES AND COOL GAME SKINS TO PAY FOR THAT LOOK VERY COOL I LOVE THIS GAME BEST GAME I EVER PLAYED but the rank system is kind of bad because of teams and the match makeing bans are bs BUT STILL ITS AN GREAT GAME I RECOMMEND TO ANY KIND OF FPS GAMER
game-hours: 837.3
review: Recommended
game-hours: 141.9
review: eat a pickle
game-hours: 419.4
review: If u dont mind shaping your skills by repeating your plays sure ~ its a good game ~ its all skills and instict :3 if u dont wanna something repetative ~ dun play this game xD
game-hours: 896.5
review: asian sensation. swaggggg
game-hours: 971.4
review: Gameplay: 9/10 Mechanics: 8/10 Plot/Backstory: N/A Music: N/A Complexity: 3-5 CSGO is currently my favorite game; can't stop playing it. CSGO features a level that allow players of all skill levels play. CSGO is an FPS that you need to have. The gamemodes are fun, and theree is a competitive mode which more veteran players frequent on. CSGO is similiar to CSS the most, but it deviates from CS1.6. CSGO tweaks alot of mechanics, which make it more realistic and suitable for newer and veteran players. CSGO still has the maps from CSS with others making it familiar with experienced players.
game-hours: 958.6
review: this $15 game is so good I have it another $100! also allahu akbar
game-hours: 242.3
review: Very different from any "cheap" shooting game *iykwim
game-hours: 1987.4
review: good game!
game-hours: 911.2
review: love this
game-hours: 482.3
review: Ahh... One of my favorite games. I was never in to CS, I bought CS:S for the Garry's Mod content. And whenever I tried to play it, I would get destroyed, even by bots. I do admit I was terrible at the game, but it really never appealed to me. The day that I got CSGO I went into it with the same mentallity, and opened up a match of office with easy bots. Instantly I noticed the updated graphics, and it looks good to this day. I ran around for a bit and fired off a couple shots with my pistol, then a bot came to try and ruin my day. I fired at him rapidly with my handgun, and he actually died. If that would of been CS:S, my brain would of been merged with the wall and I would of been looking at the bots on my team walk into walls. Suprised with myself, I carried on and made it to the second round alive. I opened up the buy menu, to find out the MP5 had been replaced (rip neva 4get) with the MP7. I bought it and looked for some bots to murder, I managed to kill 2 of them before getting shot in the back with a shotgun. While I groaned at myself for dying and having to wait for the remaining bots to duke it out, I noticed that you could take control of the bots and play as them. I was very happy with this feature at the time, and I am still happy with it now. After getting used to the recoil and spray patterns, I saw a gametype called competive, and I applied to a match of it. It was on de_dust2, and I got a couple of kills by luck with my trusty MP7. I was amazed by how noob friendly the game was, and how it had matched me with people of similar skill levels. After that match, I decided to go again. And again. And again. If you are looking to get into a competive shooter that is mostly* skill based. get this game. Also it can go for really cheap in sales. Thanks for reading. -Pyro *the p90 exists
game-hours: 624.3
review: Nice !
game-hours: 1086.1
review: servers suck but the game is fun
game-hours: 398.2
review: This game is still one of my favorites. The graphics are still up to par, and the game mechanics are pretty crisp. I really recommend the game if your into first person shooters or if you just want a game to bum around with friends on
game-hours: 2517.1
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 1165.2
review: Amazing. Csgo gives you the amazing experiance from two point of views. Counter terrorist has to defiend bomb sites whiel the other team, terrorists, have to plant the bomb. This game requires a lot of team work. Plus, its easy to get items which can be sold from the usual 7 cents to a whooping 400 bucks.
game-hours: 3025.3
review: Awes0me 11/10 swag gg
game-hours: 1148.9
review: better than cod
game-hours: 672.4
review: It's freaking Counter-Strike why you even need a Recommendation , it's one of the BEST FPS game out there !
game-hours: 511.3
review: i love the climbing servers.
game-hours: 188.7
review: fun
game-hours: 93.8
review: Lets you counter some terrorists, or terrorize some counters 11/10
game-hours: 167.9
review: I used to play CS, for a long time actually. I think this new entry in the series is actually getting better by the minute, especially with the new HUD and competitive options, it stands to be the most competitive FPS game in the scene, again. Right where it deserves.
game-hours: 227.2
review: Great game allowed me to hone my combat skills in preparation for real life. 5/5 would recommend to Pakistani Army.
game-hours: 2009.4
review: it is a game
game-hours: 891.5
review: Liek Ze Best Game Ever!
game-hours: 372.4
review: Fire in the hole!
game-hours: 1807.0
review: Melhr cs de todos,  pena tar cheio de hackers em comptt :(
game-hours: 1019.2
review: Best Game Ever .
game-hours: 855.9
review: I'm just doing this for my Pillar of Community badge...
game-hours: 1861.3
review: Definitely fun if you enjoyed CS:Source. Some would not agree because it has a different feel but for what I've played I've enjoyed it and thats based on my 515 hours from CS:S. This is a great addition to any game collection. 90+ hours when i made this review. I have to say I'm satisfied.
game-hours: 558.5
review: 10/10 like Skyrim with guns would recommend - IGN
game-hours: 1258.7
review: This front section is for old CS players that are skeptical of GO. Many 1.6 and Source fans say that GO is so different, and awful, and stupid and pointless. That is not the case, the changes that have been made since Source have improved gameplay and map balance, and the new weapons such as the Scar, aree good editions. It plays like the old games, the mehcanics and feel to the game are essentially the same. Now if you've never played a CS game before, it should scare you. Not necessarily in a bad way, but Counter Strike is arguably the most hardcore and unforgiving FPS in the histroy of online FPS. That being said, it's also one of the most rewarding. After you get past the steep learning curve, you'll start to love it more and more! I just hit 200 hours and now, it's my favorite online FPS! It's not the run and gun style of gameplay like CoD, it's more the tactical approach. You can't just run around and get kills, you have to understand the mechanics and learn how the game works. Once you've mastered the weapons and nade spots, this is probably the best Competitive FPS you can play!
game-hours: 359.6
review: Realistic Chicken AI. brawk/10
game-hours: 473.9
review: Best game ever in the world. You are a scrub or just a pro depending if you can play.
game-hours: 945.6
review: I love the game. It requires some skill though, but ofcourse you could always practise in the game. The best thing about it's ranks. They speak a lot about how you're doing in game. The game is not recommended for ragers (You will probably lose a lot of money on breaking keyboards.) 10/10
game-hours: 696.9
review: omg...i'v been called a hacker.....
game-hours: 5.2
review: I don't actually own this game; no idea why they'd let me review it. 11/10
game-hours: 297.9
review: *Gets ranked up* *Opens 2 cases* *Gets statrack knife and mw awp asiimov* I only made like $180 but its an okay game.
game-hours: 606.9
review: This game has it's positive points and negative points. It's one of the best competitive games on the PC in my oppinion though. It feels great when you play, it's made on quite an old engine, so a lot of pc's can run it. I could even run it with my old laptop on a smooth 60+ fps. Matchmaking requires a lot of skill, which is why they added skill groups to the game just to prevent you matching with/against people who're not equally skilled as you're. I like a lot about the MM system but there's still a lot to improve. As a lot of the CS:GO players know if they've been playing for a long time, there's a lot of cheaters and smurfs in both lower skillgroups as in Global Elite (Highest skillgroup in the game). This makes people rage and quit matchmaking and search for alternatives like FaceIt, ESEA, CEVO etc.. I wish CS:GO/Valve made their VAC system as good as the one on ESEA, this'll make the game more enjoyable. Overall, I really do like this game and it's definetly a game I would recommend.
game-hours: 988.0
review: Addictive and fun if you get to play with the right guys
game-hours: 908.0
review: tfw solo-queueing, joining a team w/ 1 cheater, 2 AKFs & 1 griefer. 10/10 - would rage again.
game-hours: 62.4
review: dude now that i play csgo i have so much sex its like omg gurls pls stahp
game-hours: 590.4
review: Zajebista Gra, Polecam Robert Makowicz
game-hours: 640.3
review: great
game-hours: 87.3
review: Good game but in MM to mutch hacker
game-hours: 687.3
review: Best Russian language teacher ! 10/10 would russian again
game-hours: 421.7
review: good game
game-hours: 1700.9
review: Its a must have game! BUY IT!!!!! Youll love it
game-hours: 201.4
review: Man i love this game :D
game-hours: 1006.7
review: veri gut
game-hours: 500.1
review: Just such an Amazing game This game took over my TF2 Career and do i Regret Quitting TF2 ? NO! This is game is one of the best games I Have ever played it is Amazing
game-hours: 1087.8
review: Very nice game :)
game-hours: 956.6
review: I bought it becuase i saw chickens
game-hours: 392.7
review: Awsome Game! Really Fun
game-hours: 176.5
review: Pretty good, Takes time and patience to learn
game-hours: 551.8
review: Kill Terrorists. Kill the guys killing the Terrorists. Either way, it's a good time. 10/10 best movie since Twilight
game-hours: 1096.3
review: Got my moneys worth..
game-hours: 1142.3
review: I just want to start off by saying that i am the best awper in the world. You can ask Pasha (my father), and even KennyS. So dont get this game because you will die by me. Even if you in a different lobby ima shoot n you die. PS, im the best awper in the world. PS again, please donate to me me, because if you do you will not die by my bullet. UPDATE !!! AS OF APRIL 1st 2015. AWPING IS OVER AND VALVE RUINED CSGO SO DA BEST AWPER IS OUT FOR VACATION BoiiiiiI CACH ME ON DA FLORIDA SLOPES.
game-hours: 295.2
review: CSGO is the best FPS game for me . CSGO>Battlefield>COD>Etc. CSGO for lyf :)
game-hours: 877.6
review: Good Game
game-hours: 67.2
review: good
game-hours: 224.8
review: gr8 game 10/10
game-hours: 2009.2
review: :)
game-hours: 767.9
review: Fun Fps, shooter and action game. fun to play with friends in competitive.
game-hours: 329.0
review: THIS IS A EPIC GAME YOU MUST BUY IT!
game-hours: 14.6
review: So many tryhard meanies. Disgusting overpriced skins (I would never concider spending more on a paid game) Billions of streamers going ape  opening cases without playing the game itself. I grate CS:goat 11/7.
game-hours: 375.3
review: Just got a pc and absolutly love this game!
game-hours: 536.2
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive features new maps, characters, and weapons and delivers updated versions of the classic CS content.
game-hours: 28.4
review: Ive been wanting this game for a wile. I like it so far. Its better than CSS
game-hours: 258.0
review: The banning system is in . I had not got a ban for at least 4- 3 weeks and i still 7 day bans is absolute . Its a good game but its repetitive, there are other gamemodes other than competitive but there all . I would like it more if it wouldnt give me ING 7 DAY BANS ALL THE IN TIME BECAUSE MY INTERNET CRASHES ITS ABSOLUTE BULL . and gabe give a good camo for once. Other than that all i have to say is go  your self gabe and valve and source. THE BANNING SYSTEM IS ABSOLUTE . I would recommend this game if i wasnt banned all the time so i could ACTUALLY IN PLAY IT FOR MORE THAT 3 WEKKS >:(
game-hours: 27.2
review: Most competitive game ever i'd say
game-hours: 1123.3
review: This is not just a game. If it's just a game, it would mean that it doesn't have an effect in the real world, ie. not causing issues to real people, etc. If it is thus not affecting those in the real world, but yet causes me to feel frustrated with retar-ded teammates, bad rego, crap ping, retar-ded teammates, an elo system noone understands, obviously classist ranks and retar-ded teammates, it means that the game is real. If this was only a game, I should not be affected by the outcome of the game. Because it DOES have an impact on me (through my continuous headbanging, yelling, facepalimg, judging attitude, arguments about what I did with your mum or whatever, etc.) It is not a game. It hath become personal. So personal, I'm gonna beat the  out of my computer and blame everyone other than me, because I know how to play this  game. I'm mad.  you keyboard!  you Internet!  you mouse!  you  teammates!  everyone and everything! Oh  just broke my mouse... 9/10 I did not rage. At all. I promise. Ok maybe a little. OK I'M SORRY I'LL DO BETTER NEXT TIME. PLEASE DON'T JUDGE ME!
game-hours: 333.0
review: Let's go pepul!
game-hours: 22.5
review: All my friends left my chats to play comp 10/10 would cry alone again
game-hours: 338.7
review: This game is amazzingggg. I have 3 accounts because of wanting to play with all of my friends. My old main had 1700hrs.
game-hours: 371.5
review: Definately a bang for your buck. Although waitout until the game comes on sale again. Be patient, its not going anywhere.
game-hours: 446.1
review: Great fun!
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.9
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2870.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 205.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 779.7
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 111.2
review: This game so osome but with this game have o lot of hackers
game-hours: 941.6
review: If you have played any other games of the series, then you won't have a problem liking cs:go. The game is great. It's not better than CSS or 1.6 but it's still a counter-strike game and super fun! Also if you are a competitive person, then that's the way to go.
game-hours: 992.1
review: 1.6,   , .   :           . :   :D
game-hours: 829.5
review: The best game ever
game-hours: 730.3
review: fun even doe i suck
game-hours: 79.5
review: Nice Shooter.
game-hours: 1003.6
review: this game makes me horney
game-hours: 115.4
review: u hav 2 crowch 2 shut gun gud
game-hours: 1653.9
review: Awesome game! Very Competetive but also many ways to just have fun. Definitly recommended for people who like a challenging game. Especially because its so cheap.
game-hours: 390.3
review: AWESOME GAME
game-hours: 213.3
review: Must buy if you're into PC shooters. Important to note a couple things though... Skill Gap is enormous, and you will get destroyed early on. Or maybe I just suck. Very competitive and communication is key. SO FUN.
game-hours: 63.3
review: Can shoot a chicken Then explodes 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 932.5
review: global silver 420
game-hours: 433.9
review: Very awesome game, recomended i r8 8/8 m8
game-hours: 776.7
review: In 2005, I crawled out of Counter-Strikes wretched  to become the man I am today. And, now, Im rating the game. How does one even rate his mother? At 8 years old, I would wake up for school at 6:30 AM, but then I started getting up at 5:30 just to get a couple rounds in before class. Call it dedication or a sickening obsession, but I was hooked on CS. It was more than a game. It was my social hub, and my entryway to FPS games. It is and remains the standout multiplayer shooter that paved the way for things to come with Call of Duty and Battlefield. Being eleven years since the excellent Source remake, which I started on, Valve has decided its time to give the game another facelift. What started as a Source port for consoles became a more ambitious project that included PC. While there are no radical departures in Global Offensive, it is without a doubt a reboot. Valve has just hit the reset button on the series, once again. There is no denying that Counter-Strike remains an addictive and rewarding competitive shooter like no other. The game is a hallmark of excellence. There may be flaws, but they are negligible and won't cause massive damage to what is a supreme title. A Masterpiece.
game-hours: 1464.4
review: Very fun to play when you get used to the mechanics! It's a bit difficult at the beginning but still very fun :D
game-hours: 564.9
review: The best of the best!
game-hours: 521.4
review: "hes hacking" "omg noob dont save" "ing loser" "yeah im lagging i cant play"
game-hours: 1987.6
review: I WANT U TO PLAY THIS GAME BECAUSE THIS GAME IS MORE THAN JUST A GAME ITS A GAME :)
game-hours: 669.1
review: When you're still silver with 400+ hours. cri evrytim CSGO = 11/10
game-hours: 200.8
review: But it its awesome :P
game-hours: 855.8
review: Bestes Game :)
game-hours: 253.7
review: After putting 100+ hours into this game, (which isn't even the start, I'll be playing this game forever) I can surely tell you it'll be one of the greatest experiences you will ever feel in a lifetime. I may sound stupid, but this game truly is a masterpiece. From it's predecessors like Source and 1.6, Game has major graphical changes, updates are keeping the game fresh with new matchmaking maps that can be unlocked by purchasing passes, (which also gives support the makers, which is really cool) and tossing out some cool skins and special rare weapons. Also, Statracks. 10/10, greatest, if not greatest, one of the most enjoyable multiplayer experiences you will ever have playing.
game-hours: 114.6
review: One of the Top games on steam today.
game-hours: 349.4
review: Perfect game. Full of strategies and team-work. It really is the best FPS shooter out there.
game-hours: 40.5
review: Good
game-hours: 704.8
review: ^i love this game ^
game-hours: 706.7
review: Good game, started back in Dec 2014, now I got addicted :S
game-hours: 115.7
review: THE BEST GAME EVER EVERY ONE SHOULD PLAY IT!!! IT IS THE BEST FRIKING FPS GAME I EVER PLAYED IN MY LIFE
game-hours: 546.5
review: you only killed me because i downloaded your bullets faster,  you bro.
game-hours: 553.2
review: 9/10 Players Ready
game-hours: 591.7
review: service, so many hackers, and when i enter a game im stuck as a spectator, and i loose a competetive match, get reported by every one and get an abandon, loose my rank and guess what ? valve just does nothing, oh and the op tec 9, valve is crap now ......
game-hours: 585.8
review: I think CSGO is the best game ever. Everything is bbalanced perfectly. The only problem is the skins. I think they should be given to people who complet the chalanges. Also knifes should be given to the people that have been playing for five years asnd up.
game-hours: 492.6
review: The game itself presents a good maps where co-operation is needed. This game is unusual, in case of co-operation needed where other games doesn't contain this thing at all. Community itself is helpful to each other, if there's a need to help someone. So if you looking forward to buy this game; don't waste your time! BUY IT!
game-hours: 608.5
review: I like it very much that I wish I can play this in school.
game-hours: 184.7
review: "Plant the bomb." - Terrorist Man "No I will not for I have a soul of diginity and a heart of respect for my emporor" - Papa Jeans (me) "But you will hurt" - Terorist Man "This is not the life I have lived" - Papa Jeans "Get Down NIPD" - Counter Terrorist Man "For I am innoncent man" - Terrorist Man 3 "GREat Game no drop no drop - DubSTep Creator "wow soundtrack of a SkRilx- IGN 2 "ihatemylifeandiwanttoenditsoiventmyangeroncounterstrikego-ign "whereismyson-gamespot "s" - "s"
game-hours: 344.9
review: Great game if you like First person shooters, can spend alot of money in this game collecting gun skins and opening case's.
game-hours: 158.5
review: Every dime spent on case keys is worth it.
game-hours: 161.5
review: ,     ,     .
game-hours: 667.4
review: This game is really fun to play with freinds i whould r8 8/8 m8 its gr8
game-hours: 2490.6
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 1217.2
review: Great Game
game-hours: 1106.5
review: Best cs never!
game-hours: 555.0
review: Very fun game thats not to boring. You can also make a lot of monney if you are lucky
game-hours: 557.6
review: Chickens need gore but 10/10
game-hours: 93.6
review: i am only a banana
game-hours: 897.3
review: cs:go, old school
game-hours: 896.1
review: The Daddy of fps games, 15 years and still going strong, if you like a laugh on a public server, a more serious 5v5 game or if you're just into chickens this is the game for you.
game-hours: 315.9
review: love the game can't get enought
game-hours: 760.7
review: Matchmake against cheaters and they call me Bad 10/10
game-hours: 292.9
review: good game
game-hours: 222.1
review: Its good, but you might need to find a small Oil Reserve to afford the sexy Shizzle thats on this game...
game-hours: 187.4
review: yes its one the best pc shooter games!:melon:
game-hours: 296.2
review: _______________ _____________ ____________ ____________ __________________________ _____________________ _____________________ ___________________ ____________ _____________ __________ ___________ _____________ _______________ _____________ ________________ ____________ _____________ _______________ _______________ _____________ ___________ ___________ _________ ________________  Counter-Terrorist Win
game-hours: 88.9
review: Getting vote kicked for no reason simulator 2k15
game-hours: 311.1
review: A great FPS game. If you ever get money on your account you should remember that this game is a must have. I think that it would be better if it had hats, but thats just my opinion.
game-hours: 419.7
review: !!!!!!!
game-hours: 156.0
review: Bought it at launch(was beta testing it was different game back then). Unfortunately I don't have 500 or even 1000+ hours like most people do, but CS:GO has come a long way. The skill based gameplay and modifications of Counter-Strike were things which brought me to this title and are still keeping me to it. Pros: Skill based, Fast paced, Skins(it's addiction for some people), Competitive tournaments(CS:GO majors are pleasing to watch). Cons: No official Zombie modification(in 2012 we hoped it will be implemented), No sprays(hilarious pictures back in CS1.6 and CS:S), Spam bots inviting you.
game-hours: 244.9
review: I finaly know why they call it CS:Global Offensive. So many people all over the global offended you. still rate a 10/10
game-hours: 225.7
review: Fast-Paced, one of a kind, exciting, pulsating, extremely good game, would 100% recommend
game-hours: 352.1
review: this is life
game-hours: 775.3
review: Amazing! Best game ever seriously..
game-hours: 173.8
review: - Great graphics - Lots of players - Cheap - Competitive - Fun community servers (zombies, death run, surf etc.) 10/10
game-hours: 535.9
review: RDGI SZAR JTK ! A legszarabb CS! WORST! na ezt NEM nevezem n JTKNAK!! ne vedd meg!
game-hours: 335.0
review: This is a Great Game i totally recommend to all my friends. You can make easy money off of it
game-hours: 295.0
review: How to learn Russian simulator :)
game-hours: 509.7
review: so worth it
game-hours: 301.0
review: Extremly addicting multiplayer game. Can't stop playing it with my friends.
game-hours: 32.4
review: 10/10 would make new account and get MG2 when my main is GN3
game-hours: 62.4
review: Still an impressively awesome first-person shooter franchise which is always a pleasure to play. The only downside is that its wide popularity has created  communities and incredibly anti-social players who care less about team rapport and more about personal status. These kinds of people have made the game a little less enjoyable to play, but the mechanics of this game and its many options act as major benefits which outweigh the cons. As our Lord Gabe had said, it was "Worth the Weight".
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 928.9
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2870.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 205.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 779.9
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 320.8
review: One of the best games i have ever played !
game-hours: 301.8
review: Absolutely frustrating Aiming Mechanics . GG will play again for reasons i dont understand.
game-hours: 161.0
review: !!!!!Sick Game its so worth 15$. I love it and play it a lot!!!!!
game-hours: 354.4
review: Everyone that kills you is hacking. Everyone that you kill is . 420/69 very metal
game-hours: 36.3
review: csgo is awful
game-hours: 318.1
review: gr8 m8 8/8
game-hours: 311.5
review: best game evaaa!!
game-hours: 342.6
review: r8 8/8 m8 no h8 dont b8 be gr8
game-hours: 96.9
review: THIS IS REALLY GOOD GAMES
game-hours: 334.5
review: Harder to get off than meth... unless you lose two or more times in a row by some really "lucky" people. 10/10
game-hours: 205.5
review: Clutch or kick!
game-hours: 1013.3
review: Fun game for sure, but the matchmaking system is heavily flawed with their anti-cheat being extremely weak. If you happen to play thru ESEA though it is much better. I feel this game will be significantly upgraded when the new source engine comes out (providing they update the game with it). Overall though I'd say 8/10.
game-hours: 460.3
review: This game is like masterbating with sand paper, it hurts but you always come back and do it again. Or is that just me
game-hours: 360.0
review: Where the hood where the hood where the hood at? A real 420 880 XxmglxX experience that will teach you where the hood is at sooner than you know it.
game-hours: 242.9
review: I like sweaty  being plunged into my soft asian boy bum.
game-hours: 475.7
review: Great Game Fun To Play Hard To Rank Up If You Are In Silver You Are Allowed to Cry (most silver now a day is like bronzie) I would recommend this if you are not a very negative person and salty
game-hours: 446.9
review: Best game eu , killd a guy , calld me a haxor
game-hours: 231.8
review: Nice First Person Shooter
game-hours: 745.4
review: THE 2 YEARS LATER EDIT: This game made me lose an awful lot of time, but most of it was well spent. Originally I felt that the skins update would mess up the game. I still think that, but now I think that while I have some new games and DLCs bought from those skins. 10/10 would spend money again. ORIGINAL: It's a good game, a worthy successor for the series. Even so, VALVe screwed up a few updates ago, since the adding of the weapons skins, and the game is lagging hard when people shoot. Also, the stickers from the Dreamhack event are bugged or not showing at all if you have an AMD GPU.... All these being said, the game is good, but they should fix the lag, seriously... I rock BF3 at ultra and this game lags on the lowest settings...
game-hours: 146.1
review: I have an erection everytime when I play this. It is like Gabe Nevell giving me handjob everytime.
game-hours: 1256.0
review: You mightn't think much of this game because it's a "realistic" shooter, but it is honestly a whole lot of fun. You can play Counter-Strike to chill out or you can team up and strategise. If you're worried about the playerbase, they are actually quite laid back. It's brtual at times, but when you play well, you really feel it. Give it a shot!
game-hours: 1625.4
review: Good game, lots fun
game-hours: 429.9
review: veri gut gejm. aj rikomend zis gejm tu ju.
game-hours: 799.9
review: Best Counter-Strike yet. At first, like most players I was skeptical on how Valve would be able to take source and amplify that even more while bringing back certain portions of CS 1.6 that we all came to know and love and yet, they did it. CS:GO has so many different game options and makes it a great game to play with a group of friends or alone. The weapon skins are a fun addition to CS along with stickers and other options. Valve has created a game that allows players to play the CS they've always known and loved, but continue to see new things within the game itself like Operation Breakout and new maps/weapons from the Steam Workshop. CS:GO gets a 10/10 from me for sure.
game-hours: 11.6
review: good
game-hours: 316.5
review: Superior FPS game. Edit:  RYSST!
game-hours: 420.7
review: .
game-hours: 764.2
review: This game... is just amazing. In Competitive you can get higher skill group,i dont like this only then ,when the steam doing a Summer Sale with 2 ,because every competitive game is all of cheaters and i dont like it. You can buy a "TAGS" for your Team,and for guns, with only 2, And you can get a Skins for every gun you want,this needs little bit money,sometimes you get drops in a competitive round,and you can get really good guns,one of the best gun you can get there is AK 47 - Emerald Pinstripe,this is very rare to get it from Competitive. Buy this game just now, if you dont have it because this is one of the best games in a Steam store.I doesn't give to this game 10/10 because there is some bugs . 9,5/10
game-hours: 579.9
review: Awesome game.......
game-hours: 1939.7
review: RECOMENDED !
game-hours: 611.3
review: Great game. Very addicting. Wonderful team efforts. Good online gameplay. I'll give it 9.5/10 if not a 10/10
game-hours: 290.2
review: Definetly worths to buy
game-hours: 586.1
review: This is a highly skilled first person shooter with good community
game-hours: 280.0
review: Downright. This is the best Multiplayer First-Person Shooter on the market as of today. Forget Call of Duty. Forget Battlefield. This game has it all. Tactics, teamwork, strategy, and competitivity. This game has brought me hours of fun with friends and alone, finding new teams and making friends. And it will continue to bring me so as long as I am entertained. Definetely worth the small price tag of $14.99.
game-hours: 323.1
review: The latest installment in the Counter-Strike series. Gunplay feels more like CS 1.6 than CSS which is a matter of personal preference. Overall better graphics and better hitboxes. Focused more on competitive matchmaking with its own elo system. If you manage to gather 4 of your friends to play this competitively, buy it. If not, buy it anyways - there's tons of custom content. It's only 14, what a ing steal.
game-hours: 485.4
review: I watched streams for days on end only to find out I'm Silver Elite 10+9/21 system is rigged
game-hours: 257.7
review: Love the game, not the community.
game-hours: 84.6
review: This game turns me on...
game-hours: 503.0
review: its a very cool way to game because of the gun camos no t only are you playing a fps but your starting a gun collection hobby really amazing
game-hours: 410.8
review: CS:GO is an excellent game with various weapons to choose from and modes to play. It is a fast paced FPS that can be played single or multi player. I personally like CS:GO because it is easy to follow and tons of fun. Extremely recommended for anyone who like FPS. There are few glitches in the game but overall, fantastic game. :)
game-hours: 686.4
review: Amazing game. Recommend it to all RPG lovers.
game-hours: 988.3
review: awsome game. alot of people smurf but its still fun
game-hours: 0.3
review: One of the World's Best Competitive FPS!! Growing day by day! worth to get!
game-hours: 317.7
review: I liek dis gaem becoz i kield someun 10/10 rest in rip counter terrorist
game-hours: 735.9
review: Top nodge
game-hours: 377.4
review: It's pretty good. though gets repetative after a while.
game-hours: 440.7
review: way to play: sway and pray crouch means ouch peak looks bleak prefire and retire
game-hours: 316.1
review: Love this game this game is so worth it, its even CHEAP! When i got this game i thought i was gunna hate it so i wanted to try it so when i played it i couldnt get off.
game-hours: 1180.1
review: A very fun game that shows community teamwork and explains what fun really can be worth!
game-hours: 1573.4
review: Currently the best Shooter out there. Started playing CS:GO when BF4 was released and I got disappointed. Was totally worth it to start, its different to other shooters, but once u know how it works, its so damn great. ;-)
game-hours: 393.4
review: Fun
game-hours: 900.3
review: Top FPS
game-hours: 1076.4
review: very sway
game-hours: 642.8
review: Great game could do with people maybe getting voice chat bans
game-hours: 347.8
review: nice game
game-hours: 638.6
review: Love it
game-hours: 1006.3
review: gr8 game
game-hours: 529.9
review: el oh el. i r8 8/8 m8
game-hours: 268.1
review: PEW, PEW, PEW, HEADSHOT! YEAH MAN, no screw you're Auto-Sniper, . GOOD GAME SIR/MADAM
game-hours: 127.0
review: Source > 1.6 > Global Offensive. That asside, its still a great game. The item drop system makes you want to keep playing.
game-hours: 926.1
review: :P i like it
game-hours: 13.7
review: I am the 1% that plays this game casually I'm ready for the hate because apparently this makes you a bad person these days lol It's still fun, though
game-hours: 1457.1
review: This is a brilliant game full of tactical strategy and skill based, the more you play, the better you become.
game-hours: 410.3
review: Good Game , but there are people on the game who think their the best.
game-hours: 210.4
review: meh!
game-hours: 597.9
review: This is one of the games that is always there for you to play, because no matter how good you are you will still be able to improve. Its one of the best fps/strategy/teamwork game i've ever played.
game-hours: 688.8
review: g
game-hours: 947.7
review: really cool !!!
game-hours: 1366.7
review: This game is lots of fun you can do lots of things like competetive casual deathmatch etc... There is also skins which makes the game alot more colorful. Overall its a really fun game and I would definitley recommend it! LETS GO CSGO
game-hours: 749.7
review: CHEAP GAME GET IT ASAP.
game-hours: 215.2
review: Are YOU ready to take on the role of either an elite counter-terrorist force or menacing threat to the society? PROBABLY NOT! This game is way too hard to just 'be ready for'. You need to prepare for this. Before you hit that buy button, think very carefully. Are you emotionally ready to get your  kicked time and time again? Are you ready to take control of guns with more recoil than a jackhammer? Are you ready to take on opponents who would actually be worse if they used an aimbot? If the answer to any of those questions is no, this is not for you. If the answer is yes, then read right on my friend. The primary reason to play this is, for me, the realism. In real life you don't respawn, guns have a kick, and tactics are important, and CS:GO knows that. They managed to forge a game where all those are implemented, and that makes for dependance on good tactics above good aim. If you manage to surprise your opponent, you are sure to kill him. This can be done by taking one of the many routes around your enemy while he is engaged in combat with a teammate, or by firing, then sneaking out of sight and hiding in a place he won't expect you. From then on it's an easy kill. You just need to make sure you get there without your opponent knowing. Also, there is aim. Altough deception is the best weapon, sometimes you just need to face each other. There's no way around that. When that happens you need quick reflexes and good knowledge of your gun to quickly dispose of the threat. Before playing even Competitive Casual (the classic no-respawn face-off but with free armor) or Demolition (the classic with awarded weapons), I suggest playing a few matches of Arms Race (Gun Game) to get a feel for the weapons, and then a few matches of Deathmatch (free respawns) to get a better feel for the recoil on your favorite guns. You don't have to master it to get kills, just make sure that the bullets are going forward and not up. Once you've done that, you can get into Casual Competetive and learn the maps by seeing what your buds are doing. The very best way to learn is simply by spectating your team's best player after you've died. I cannot tell you how much he has learned me already. This game has the best gun skins too. Because guns are so realistic the skins have some weight to them, and it gives you a reason not to quit after losing eight matches consecutively. Playing and getting kills with your favorite gun feels awesome. Actually, getting kills in this game is already the most satisfying thing ever, but when it's done with your baby it gets even cooler. The only thing there's not to like about these guns is the fact that snipers exist, but you'll figure that out for yourself soon enough after buying. I figured out how bad snipers were right after booting up CS:S for the first time. I was still loading up when the screen flickered, and I still don't know why, but I got a picture of a man with an AWP jammed down his throat stuck in my head. The barrel was portruding from his belly and blood and intestines lay spread over the sand in Dust_II. I couldn't shake it for the remainder of the loading screen, but I figured out what it meant right after starting my first game. It still haunts me today... Anyway, don't let horror stories like this one frighten you, I'm sure it was just me... BUYBUYBUBYBUYBUYBUYBUYBYUBYUBYUBYUBYUBYUYBUYBUYBUYBUYBUY
game-hours: 741.4
review: Ta gra ma z mikkiego frajera (jakim jeste) zrobi z ciebie SAMCA ALFA!!!!!!! Jeeli po pierwszych 150h w grze nie bdziesz ocieka testerononem i nie bdziesz mia wosw na klacie oraz bujnej brody harleyowca to id gra w sapera bo tu nic nie osigniesz :P Dla tych co speni te wymagania dostan po 150h AK47 (bez amunicji) a po kolejnych 200h moliwo kupienia amunicji do niego. Zastanawiasz si jak przez 350h masz zabija? A n od czego masz onierzu? Karaj noobw w przeciwnym teamie jak rwnie w swoim zajebistym noem ;) Generalnie karaj kadego tym noem kto ci stani na drodze. Przeciwnika, przyjaciela, kurczaka, bomb, flashe, smokegrenady a nawet hegrande. Kupujesz defuse? Nie jeste SAMCEM ALFA. Prawdziwy SAMIEC ALFA lubi dreszcz emocji (std jego owosienie i testosteron) Krtko Gr polecam w hooooooy. Zrobi z ciebie SAMCA ALFA i prawdziwego RAMBO, ktry zabija wszystko po drodze :D Bonus BGC te poleca z azarskiego Rejonu!!!!!!
game-hours: 946.0
review: it's the best game evar
game-hours: 291.9
review: :*
game-hours: 2879.5
review: :)
game-hours: 944.1
review: Great game that is easy to learn but impossible to master, A really high skill level makes this a gam e fun to put alot of hours into!
game-hours: 646.0
review: day 1 = "Im definately not gonna fall into this 'paid skins' scam." today = "Dammit! tec-9 sandstorm again! maybe on my 150th case ill get a knife!" 10/10 Gaben pls. bless
game-hours: 1534.8
review: Best chicken farming simulator
game-hours: 1159.3
review: CSGO>life>everything else
game-hours: 2101.7
review: Absolutely love CS:GO! Of all of the Counter-Strike games that have come out since the original, this definitely captures the best aspects of each one of them. There are definitely some little details that make the game-play not as fun; primarily certain physics/logic discrepancies with the environment and the ballistics of the firearms. One of the other downsides to the game is the cost of the in-game purchases for skins. The case drops are fantastic, however the cost of a key for a weapons case being priced at $2.49 seems a bit high. Bottom-line: If you really enjoy team based (and deathmatch) FPS games, you need to get this game!
game-hours: 642.6
review: Still has the old Counter Strike 1.6 and Source feeling, if you've played CS and have for years and liked it, CS:GO wont let you down!
game-hours: 1116.3
review: The ultimate competitive shooter. Steep learning curve and a gigantic amount of fun. 1.6 was a classic. Source was magnificent. And THIS. Well, let's just say it is a mix between those two. 9/10
game-hours: 439.2
review: cs go has a high graphic then cs source btw i still like both of them
game-hours: 420.8
review: Needs more hats
game-hours: 369.3
review: I had a problem with gambling before this game. So I got an operation phoenix case drop and I knew I just had to open the first case that ever dopped for me! Sold my tf2 key and bought a phoenix key and unboxed! Got a Terrain negev...(10 cent market value).... I no longer have a problem with gambling.
game-hours: 124.6
review: shoot bad guys Top meme
game-hours: 449.9
review: i got one 1xp for shooting a chicken. 10/10
game-hours: 500.6
review: Best game Ever Played after CS:1.6
game-hours: 447.1
review: DAMMIT Y U NO PLAY CSGO?!
game-hours: 227.5
review: Really fun game. It has some quality of shooting real weapons like recoil, which makes the guns somewhat balanced and unspammable. Fun once you get to the point that you know what your doing.
game-hours: 208.4
review: Easy to lern, hard to silver elite master.
game-hours: 1246.1
review: Good Game. Buy this if you have the money and the computer!
game-hours: 688.8
review: Best CSGO
game-hours: 332.4
review: god
game-hours: 483.7
review: one of the best game ever!!! its just that stuffs are freaking expensive :((
game-hours: 608.9
review: Very good game! Just a tip: never play with random team in ranked game.
game-hours: 726.6
review: nice one
game-hours: 431.4
review: Just use the AWP
game-hours: 272.6
review: I think this game in amazing! Its very competitive whe it wants to be and theres tons of gamemodes to play so your never bored. 11 out of 10
game-hours: 143.7
review: Yea boy
game-hours: 376.4
review: I love this game
game-hours: 299.4
review: Such a pary
game-hours: 386.3
review: You need to look at reviews for a CS game?
game-hours: 1609.4
review: Game is super addictive. The competitive aspect keeps you coming back for more. I just want to play CS all day.
game-hours: 7.0
review: Nice Game, I love it and I love it so much when it work like a charm in my linux.
game-hours: 1094.3
review: Its a very good game. I recommend it to everyone who love cs to buy it ! :D
game-hours: 356.4
review: is pretty gud gaem like very much competetive naice valve please fix awp deagle for days
game-hours: 740.8
review: This game is really good. The stratedgies and everything u hve to do really makes it a good FPS. The style of the game as well flows well with the gmae itself.
game-hours: 360.7
review: Clearly for all FPS gamers out there, this must be almost perfect for you And to non FPS enthusiasts, you can play it as soon as you know how to shoot and aim the target. Semper fi!
game-hours: 792.9
review: awesomeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
game-hours: 824.4
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 369.1
review: It's always nice to kill people while getting screamed at by Russians. 10/10.
game-hours: 787.8
review: When you look at the game and play it then you will know what value CS:GO
game-hours: 397.8
review: ALL ABOARD THE #REKT TRAIN
game-hours: 69.3
review: Delivering democracy, killing terrorist scum, and eliminating the feds, how much better does it get than that?
game-hours: 202.9
review: BEST GAME EVER !!!!
game-hours: 1029.2
review: AMAZING GAME LOVE IT
game-hours: 241.9
review: 2 good 4 me
game-hours: 686.8
review: cs:go <3
game-hours: 73.5
review: A very fast-paced shooter full of even maps and well balanced weapons 10/10
game-hours: 19.7
review: possibly the worst game ive ever played
game-hours: 1013.0
review: lyfvjyt
game-hours: 1022.7
review: Very fun game to play with friends.
game-hours: 830.7
review: Good game, recommend for matchmaking!
game-hours: 760.6
review: <333
game-hours: 459.1
review: Good MMOFPS based game with a good competitive scene :D
game-hours: 207.8
review: dis game is good doe
game-hours: 26.2
review: Counter-Strike: AWP Simulator 3 is a great game to play if you like AWPs, Assault and Dust II. With an awesome community of mature, like-minded gamers above the age of 18 with an incredible vocabulary, I would highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 1433.7
review: Good game!
game-hours: 346.0
review: Best game ever! Get it now! :D
game-hours: 680.5
review: Camos = cosmetics hats = cosmetics hats = camos
game-hours: 55.3
review: *plays deathmatch* wow er stop using this gun. play the game right ok kills him again wow er you have no skill. use the knife. stop using the auto sniper. you cant ing play this game you ing er  sucker. I bet you suck  in real life er.
game-hours: 1363.1
review: Fun but meowzor is horrible.
game-hours: 690.7
review: Very nice game! ;)
game-hours: 574.8
review: Great game, may be repetative but it certainly doesnt get stale.
game-hours: 1601.3
review: Best game NA
game-hours: 1059.6
review: awesome game, like it
game-hours: 56.8
review: nice
game-hours: 656.5
review: i love it <3
game-hours: 1335.2
review: Nice game :D
game-hours: 941.5
review: My full review will be mentioned now: Counter Strike Global Offensive is a tactical multiplayer focused fps. You cannot aim just like any other CS game. Accuracy is key when trying to get those mlg headshots. One shot to the head can end it for you with most guns, so staying in a group is advised. So if you like team based shooters, which require a steep learing curving. Definitly pick this game up now and enjoy for many hours to be lost!
game-hours: 854.8
review: I love it!
game-hours: 608.9
review: Great game
game-hours: 1454.3
review: Very good game. :D
game-hours: 447.6
review: Very great game, But i dont like the people in it. Their kinda mean and things,When you see a 12 years old they all start callin him bad words, Wich is Like really annoying But overall Best game Ever, Really should buy it if you dont have it.
game-hours: 1045.1
review: good, but glitchy after major updates.
game-hours: 290.1
review: I recomend this to anyone who loves the simple and stable shooter expirience. (be careful thoug, can steal your life =P)
game-hours: 674.1
review: the bans are too long on competitive but overall awesome game well worth the money!!!
game-hours: 832.1
review: I WAS TOLD THERE WOULD BE CASES
game-hours: 776.3
review: Basically the best FPS shooter. 9.0/10
game-hours: 1017.7
review: Great Game, MUCH MUCH TIME INVESTED. Me Love This game more then life itself.
game-hours: 732.6
review: Better than Call of Duty Ghosts!
game-hours: 745.7
review: My favorite game :$
game-hours: 783.3
review: YES
game-hours: 1174.9
review: Best Game Ever :) <3 CSGO i love u :D
game-hours: 5.6
review: ye
game-hours: 13.4
review: ING GUNS LEVER LEVER LEAVER LEVER
game-hours: 1374.6
review: Great fps
game-hours: 754.9
review: Bem louco, empolgante.
game-hours: 25.2
review: Awesome game! Worth buying! 11/10
game-hours: 233.3
review: THERE ARE CHICKENS ON INFERNO
game-hours: 528.9
review: awsome should be 128 tick tho
game-hours: 67.3
review: This game Amazing ! But i still love CS 1.6 more than CSGO
game-hours: 890.2
review: The Best Game..!! CS Forever..!!
game-hours: 1394.8
review: ,    ,       .
game-hours: 303.3
review: yi bir oyun
game-hours: 657.3
review: pretty much fun ;)
game-hours: 4.7
review: rooty tooty point n shooty: the game
game-hours: 1037.5
review: best game ever!
game-hours: 89.4
review: Shoot people, and have fun doing it.
game-hours: 1205.5
review: Now i've played for pretty much like a year now, and i must say it's one of the most addicting FPS's on the steam store at the moment. I would strongly urge you to buy this game as it bring a new and refreshing feel to all the other Counter Strikes, and other various FPS's, with an urging will to play almost all the time. 10/10
game-hours: 43.6
review: counter-strike: global offensive improves vastly upon the previous entry in the counter-strike series, CS: source, by getting rid of anything fun or good
game-hours: 584.7
review: :csgocross: awesome game :D :csgocross:
game-hours: 1281.3
review: BUY IT NOW KIDS!!
game-hours: 455.9
review: i love it
game-hours: 284.8
review: Fun game should buy
game-hours: 199.4
review: pro game
game-hours: 243.1
review: Good Game....()_() xD
game-hours: 486.7
review: This game is fricking amazing. Such tactical.Such awesomeness. Love it. Hope to see more operations like vanguard. AND btw, loved the operation vanguard.
game-hours: 460.0
review: In game knifes cost more than the real life ones.
game-hours: 555.4
review: amazein game wuw so guud
game-hours: 1114.2
review: Best GaMe
game-hours: 7224.3
review: if you wanna pwn noobs this game is a way of life
game-hours: 5068.7
review: aaaaaaa
game-hours: 1616.7
review: Really good game.
game-hours: 1789.9
review: good
game-hours: 866.6
review: really good game get it now
game-hours: 1716.9
review: Its a fun game if you have five people to play with getting randoms just kinda sucks alot of the time.
game-hours: 196.1
review: Game pro as fu*k.
game-hours: 527.5
review: its not war until u paint ur gun
game-hours: 164.0
review: Everyone is Cheater on this game
game-hours: 1043.7
review: Very Good Game :D
game-hours: 478.9
review: . This game is broken. MM system <3
game-hours: 651.5
review: This game is awesome
game-hours: 1032.0
review: Awesome game, Slyfox sux at it.
game-hours: 917.9
review: Cs:go is a very good fps game with high quality and balanced wepon shooting. The other versions are more difficult to get in compepetive, but cs:go matches people with your level and i think it is very good.
game-hours: 152.5
review: CS:GO is the most recent entry to the counter strike series, if you're not famillar with this series, its an online tactical first person shooter, developed by the good old people at valve, with hidden path entertainment helping with this entry. it comes with much improved graphics compared to previous entries.. you must be precise and tactical with your movements, the most satisfying thing about this game is mastering the huge learning curve it comes with, and be warned this game is difficult compared to other shooters on the market, but once you become a master at pulling off clean headshots with ease, mastering each each weapon.. trust me you'll be satisfied! Plus the game has workshop support, various skins for each weapons, new versions of classic counter strike maps (dust, office etc.) new game modes are introduced, whilst classic game modes return, and at a fair price, you could do alot worse, Definite Must Buy!
game-hours: 19.8
review: Shooting chickens because you want revenge from skyrim. 10/10
game-hours: 554.2
review: You dont get better at this game, you only get slightly less worse. 11/10 would let valve take my money again
game-hours: 851.6
review: Amazing Game
game-hours: 256.9
review: COOL game and its GREAT game.Just the graphic isnt that good,BTW Just buy and play it No CINCONG COEG :3 9/10 for now 10/10 after graphic is good enoguh
game-hours: 1744.2
review: good game
game-hours: 167.8
review: Shoot skins, rescue terrorists, trade hostages.
game-hours: 659.3
review: Sho fun.
game-hours: 48.0
review: My Favorite FPS game ever!! because CSGO is a near-perfect multiplayer shooter. Unlike the previous versions, which were often difficult to get in to, this one offers a variety of modes that will appeal to all skill levels. It has a large community and a well supported workshop, ensuring that this discount-priced game will be around for years to come. In short, you either play as the good or bad guys and must either kill the other team or complete objectives to win the round, which will earn you more money to do the same thing again but faster. It's been around for years and has spawned many imitators.
game-hours: 994.9
review: 10/10
game-hours: 359.0
review: Bish Bash Bosh.
game-hours: 1341.9
review: Great game 10/10
game-hours: 912.4
review: #REKT, much hacks such wowe (   )(   )
game-hours: 1111.6
review: Buy it! The best competitive game in the e-sports cenario now... the only problem: on the MM you play against cheater 5 times in 4 matchs.
game-hours: 805.1
review: ...
game-hours: 5.3
review: This game is awesome, some of them are the same as the old counter strikes,but the maps,graphics,weapons make it different. cool game
game-hours: 687.1
review: You can kill a chicken. 11/10 IGN
game-hours: 1084.2
review: Okay so here is a review from my point of view and I hope it is as accurate as ever. I will add items over time and Edit the post so if I am missing something please comment below! Help the new buyers! :) Reasons to Like -  Best fps (opinion)  Very competitive  Ranked  Good game to meet new players  Great detail Always adding updates  Fun in general  Skilled game  Skin Gambling  Great streams on Twitch.tv  Very strategic  Nice UI layout and placement  Clean and easy to use Menu  Once hurt, you stay hurt Reasons to Dislike -  Hackers (Not all games)  Unfair ranking system  Little kiddies crying/raging down microphones  Servers can be very unreliable at times  Hitboxes are dodgy as hell  Ignorant players  Vote to kick at the end of a game  Trolls  Greifers Overall opinion - CSGO is a game which I mainly play and to be fair it overall a great game to purchase and play with friends. Every game has down side to it but this game is generally a well put together game with a great community. From past experience the only thing that really does annoy me on this game is the hackers you may come across but they pretty much get a ban. However the game is fun to play and it is very competetive to play. If you have ever played COD then do not compare this game with it... Personally I think CSGO has a lot more skill involved than a couple of killstreaks to do the work for you. Is it worth the purchase? YES! By far yes. I hope this helps anyone who is planning on buying CSGO. I shall make more threads soon. See you on the game! :csgoglobe:
game-hours: 895.8
review: I like it I am good at dying in it.
game-hours: 538.2
review: I thought nothing was getting me out of tf2, I guess I was wrong :P AMAZING GAME!
game-hours: 126.1
review: although i currently am playing for 5 hours. This game is good. But my first few hours with it i almost got frustrated with it. spawn camp is a , if those that got spawn camp u know what i mean. Still i am kinda sad ther is not much guns to go with but even so there is a  ton of ways u can do ur sessions unless u like a single gun then mostlikely u would stick to the gun for most or all of ur matches. Still i would rate this game 10/10
game-hours: 418.8
review: Very Good game! =)
game-hours: 492.8
review: yay
game-hours: 799.8
review: cs go best game
game-hours: 86.3
review: If this was a potato; Then this would be the best potato.
game-hours: 793.7
review: Love it! 10/10
game-hours: 729.7
review: Gr8 g8me m8 i r8 8/8
game-hours: 148.3
review: gr8 r8 m8 8/8.
game-hours: 1321.5
review: Counter Strike Global Offensive is the latest installment of the Counter Strike series, and in my opinion the best! The ranking system is one of my favorite features from CS:GO, it gives you the ability to play other players in your skill group. You are given a skill group after playing ten matches. Ranging from Silver 1 (The worst of the worst) all the way to Global Elite (aka pros). Having the ranking system also gives me drive to get better and learn techniques for understanding the game better. A downside is that the default MM Valve servers are only 64 tick, which can lead to your bullets not hitting your target when shooting, but this can be solved by paying for the ESEA 128 tick servers which are far superior. The problem I find most frustrating is the cheaters, now I am not the kind of guy that will call cheats if someone gets a 1-click with an ak-47 but I still find that I run into cheaters on a weekly basis, once again though ESEA has little to no cheaters with there anti-cheat software, so if you are willing to pay a small amount towards ESEA you will find that you will have a much more enjoyable expirience. -Chris Rating - 9/10
game-hours: 12.0
review: Regular past time game. Nothing much to expect.
game-hours: 351.1
review: 420 screaM it platform9&3/4 / 10
game-hours: 778.2
review: I learned russian playing this game. 10/10 would chickens again
game-hours: 710.3
review: Such a good game ! :)) BUT FULL OF HACKERS !!
game-hours: 80.9
review: GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP-GG WP no re
game-hours: 1780.9
review: Best point and click game I've played, pity all my mates suck at it though ey.
game-hours: 206.8
review: Pretty good game
game-hours: 907.3
review: it's gud
game-hours: 622.6
review: I DON'T CARE, I LOVE IT!
game-hours: 499.2
review: Great game!
game-hours: 2737.6
review: A game where skill is the primary gameplay factor. You level-up yourself, not a character or loadout. You learn the maps, the guns, and the techniques... you memorize recoil timing and bullet-spray patterns and try to get the upper hand whenever possible. Players of other shooters might avoid CS:GO because of the steep learning curve: Don't expect to just drop in and kill, you will find yourself drastically out-skilled. Stick around for a while and you might learn that perfect AK-47 control, and to out-strafe enemies or headshot through smoke using the radar... and all the tricks that I've found fun since I bought Counter-Strike: Source in 2006. Don't forget to check out the Community Scene... all the crazy maps or mods like Surf, ZombieMod, and my favorite- GunGame (now called Arms Race, for some reason... perhaps because COD stole the name). My experience with the Counter-Strike series has been nothing but rewarding and addicting, and I never would have gotten a STEAM account without it. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 2775.0
review: Without a doubt my favourite FPS game that I've ever played. The competitive matchmaking is so much fun, in other Counter-Strike games it was hard to find people who were serious about winning a 5v5 match, very great addition. The new gamemodes are great, really good for some fun casual play when you're bored or dont want to play competitive. Overall one of the most funnest and balanced multiplayed FPS's I've ever played. 10/10.
game-hours: 936.1
review: Its a awesom game !
game-hours: 342.2
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, where teamwork is laughable and everyone is Russian. 10/11
game-hours: 538.9
review: yas
game-hours: 747.3
review: Saquen la p90 o haganla pesada
game-hours: 2030.1
review: Best of the best :)
game-hours: 676.7
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 263.9
review: CS GO for eSport Player
game-hours: 229.1
review: Very strategic game compared to other FPS games.
game-hours: 1349.7
review: good game
game-hours: 594.4
review: BEST
game-hours: 1441.7
review: goooooood
game-hours: 355.0
review: HORRYY SHEET
game-hours: 1829.1
review: Easily the best FPS game ever! You will have lots of fun playing normal games with friends and the competitive scene is epic. Buy CS:GO today and let the fun begin!
game-hours: 162.4
review: Yup, it is a game alright.
game-hours: 323.2
review: Love this game as a shooter. The innovative platform which is one of the best FPS games on pc.
game-hours: 2316.4
review: Amazing game! There are no words to discribe it. Thank you VALVE!
game-hours: 530.1
review: best game but be aware from CoolDown :p
game-hours: 98.1
review: really good game :D every thing is just amazing
game-hours: 1617.5
review: Overall CS GO is a great gaming experience. It has improved from source and still has excitement of 1.6.
game-hours: 92.6
review: Good Game!
game-hours: 769.0
review: Very nice, yes.
game-hours: 213.6
review: Better than COD and theres chickens!!
game-hours: 649.2
review: great game
game-hours: 855.0
review: Im Addicted to this games ! ing Awesome
game-hours: 404.2
review: AMAZING!! all my friends love this game..I played it too and I really liked the GunGame
game-hours: 263.1
review: I rarely get flashed, but when I do. It's because I threw it. 10/10
game-hours: 748.1
review: great game
game-hours: 234.2
review: Do you like realistic, conventional, cooperative gameplay in a military FPS? Then go play Call of Duty, and then this, because this is better. (Should have done that from the start.)
game-hours: 407.3
review: Atleast it works, unlike some games.
game-hours: 2062.1
review: <3
game-hours: 294.6
review: definetly for those who are becoming bored of source and 1.6. love it
game-hours: 550.0
review: Best game <3
game-hours: 648.3
review: This game... just *speechless* I highly recommend this game to gamers who tend to have a liking in FPS games. Just a quick tip, 90% of your Call of Duty skills will go to waste as you venture through this amazing game Counterstrike Global Offensive requires a person with precision, fast reactions and also superficial hand co-ordination is essential. With a vast majority of guns, selections are endless, each with different skills needed. Love trading? CS:GO is very similar to Team Fortress 2 as a large majority of their gamers trade. Skins, guns and knives are a must have due to their "sexiness" Competition allows gamers to showoff their skills (AWP'ing, Headshots etc), letting use their planning skills and applying them online with other people around the world Overall, Counter Strike Global Offensive is a game where many gamers would enjoy, no matter who they are. It's fun, fast paced and most importantly, it never gets boring!
game-hours: 109.1
review: 100/100
game-hours: 845.5
review: Awesome game take it while its half off
game-hours: 240.7
review: When I first got this game, I was depressed by the overly-god players. I even made a previous review saying it was 6/10. Now, after a year of not playing, I decided reinstalling this game. Wow. I. Love. It. 11/10. GG, Valve. *EDIT* 7/19/14 This game... the competitve match making and banned sucks. We had a full lobby and just one person out of country and Valve couldn't connect us to any match, even after half an hour of trying. Then, lets go onto their banning system. It is not fair. I've been doing great, recently, like 5 days without a ban. I think that the banning system should lower down on the amount of days you get banned - on the amount of days you were good... if that makes sense. Please, Valve. This is such a great competitve game, but you have to fix that. *EDIT* 12/6/14 VAC Banned. CS:GO. I love you. I know I got desperate. I was desperate to become better than my friends, good enough to not be judged. Unfortunetly, I got to greedy. I decided to hack you. Just basic stuff, Wall Hacks. I know I got greedy. I know you'll never love me. But, I will always love you. R.I.P CS:GO/Pickstarr 12/16/14 10:15 EST I will always love you, dear CS.
game-hours: 757.9
review: GET IT
game-hours: 13.1
review: alright
game-hours: 304.1
review: i like this game because its good
game-hours: 453.4
review: its good
game-hours: 16.4
review: Great game. Just started it, love it. But still, there are better games imo.
game-hours: 357.5
review: Very Good , Would buy again 10/10
game-hours: 317.2
review: Good Stuff
game-hours: 346.7
review: A really big step from CS 1,6 and people are still playing it a lot. The reason probably being that the game never gets old if you learn. This is an anti-game (the more you play at once the more addicted you get). It is an open world first person shooter that doesn't allow you to respawn when you die. The way it's meant to be played - 5v5 you have to buy weapons and kill the enemy team or complete the objective. Since this is an open world game you can go wherever you like and kill whoever you like (yes friendly fire is on). Good game, could be better if the matchmaking would be more balanced.
game-hours: 196.5
review: Hands down. CoD is small poop pile compared to this.
game-hours: 1179.8
review: Polecam w
game-hours: 895.7
review: nice
game-hours: 672.6
review: really fun and irritating
game-hours: 538.9
review: Very good game...fun to play..would reccomend it to everyone
game-hours: 1006.0
review: best game evr
game-hours: 269.6
review: Pretty awesome game !
game-hours: 137.9
review: I ING RECOMMEND THIS ING AMAZING GAME
game-hours: 404.1
review: Oh sweet sweet counter strike :)
game-hours: 15.3
review: it is a game about shooting things that are asian and calling you names. this game is the number one way to stop cyber bullys just challange someone to a 1v1 in this game and you will make them cry with your M1G 5KI11Z 4ND W1LL D3S7ROY TH31R L1V3S. LYK A B055
game-hours: 370.0
review: THIS GAME IS SO ING ANALY EPIC THAT I'D SUCK IT'S  DAY AND NIGHT. For a few weeks. Good game, recommend that anal. I got tired of fapping it though, so I will have too stop soon. #MYDAHLBERGRBRUTALFETMSTEAVLIVASINOM5MINUTERMEDENSKEDELLEROM1TIMMEMEDENSAXHL
game-hours: 926.9
review: 11/10 "Like CoD with recoil" -IGN
game-hours: 209.6
review: mlg420_awp187 +rep svttigt tryhard spel ass blev kallad snorvalp
game-hours: 779.9
review: First, a disclaimer. I am a male senior citizen, a semi-retired gynecologist whose customary literary fare is spy novels and military techno-thrillers. I have never read a romance before, except perhaps for junior high's "A Tale of Two Cities" (or was that a classic?) But after the recent hullabaloo over James' "Fifty Shades," I opted to give the genre a glance. The book's protagonist is college student Anastasia, who has never had sex or even "touched herself." I had to suspend disbelief at the social and sexual naivete of this twenty-one year-old, but I guess this implied vulnerability makes her more attractive as a romantic heroine. Yet it doesn't take her long to rectify this situation, and soon she is having  after  at the behest of her "dominant" partner, Mr. Grey. At my age, my arthritis flared up just reading about Ana's sexual gymnastics. And for some reason, I kept thinking about her contracting genital warts. Soon, however, Ana's endless pyrotechnic climaxes resembled repetitively watching porn: after a while, it leaves me bored and yawning. That said, there was a definite infectiousness to the plot; and taking Viagra to stiffen my resolve, I persevered. James' strong suit is her ability to elicit sympathy in the protagonist. I wanted to find out what happened to Anastasia, and that lent the story a compelling, page-turning quality. James is a polished novelist. Her dialogue is crisp, her prose poised, and her paragraphs well-parsed. The author's considerable skills notwithstanding, would I pick up an erotic romance like this again? Probably not. But that's just me.
game-hours: 393.5
review: 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 967.2
review: An addictive, strategic FPS that keeps you coming back for more. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 464.9
review: Godlike
game-hours: 90.8
review: good game to play, except for getting spawn killed lol
game-hours: 482.1
review: A Tactical Shooter that involves communication between players. Communication in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is very important and I strongly reccomend you this game if fristly you have the patience to learn and succeed. There are many mechanics that frist must be identified and learnt before you can play well. If you have the patience to hone these skills, and communicate freely this game might be for you.
game-hours: 335.4
review: Its a awesome game. Lots of gamemodes and servers. The multiplayer is fun and its hard to stop playing. I recomend it to everyone who likes FPS games.
game-hours: 185.2
review: Great game! Love it <3
game-hours: 245.0
review: Absolute Blast! Once you get past the steep learning curve, it is pretty much one of the best competetive multiplayer game. I recommend it to any one who enjoys multiplayer games.
game-hours: 78.0
review: I met a girl and we made love. 10/10
game-hours: 321.1
review: I Like.
game-hours: 355.6
review: Wooooooooooooooow Nice Game
game-hours: 625.3
review: :~~~)
game-hours: 1155.0
review: this is a very good game. I reccomend this game to all people that likes strategy and fps games . And you can trade items or buy some items on the market now. This game ruin my life 5/5
game-hours: 989.2
review: This game is so much fun it's always being updated making it better, and the skins! there just great.
game-hours: 1898.8
review: Good
game-hours: 111.7
review: Game knives cost more than real ones 8/8 -IGN
game-hours: 536.8
review: wow a new low for valve pros: -NiP -gives me people to bully cons: -no ironsights in 2012 -breeds nerds -pay 2 win weapon system
game-hours: 237.3
review: it's really fun u just buy a triggerbot and win cal main
game-hours: 647.1
review: This game is gr8 but has too much guns.. I give it a 1.3/10.5 -Turtle 2014
game-hours: 320.6
review: VERY FUN game. If you like COD or any other shooters this one is for you. 1 small problem:can not aim down sights on guns.(only snipers)
game-hours: 910.6
review: Fantastic game
game-hours: 2845.5
review: Really good game!
game-hours: 115.3
review: demais!
game-hours: 530.4
review: One of the best games and recommend this in sale and in normal price.
game-hours: 780.6
review: its a really nice game played it from back when it was called 1.6 but still there alot of cheat but i can see there is done more for it csgo than 1.6 but still cheat is kinda normal on valve platform... but hey 4 stars out of 5!
game-hours: 664.1
review: Played Source plenty and when this was released it just made sense. Very good upgrade and Excellent Gameplay. Highly Recommended.
game-hours: 593.4
review: Annoying mic spammers ruining the game for everyone? Check. Certain guns being OP, with others being absolutely abysmal? Check. A community of children with irresponsible parents? Check. The ability to keep you playing for hours on end and loving every second without quite knowing why? Absolutely Check. 10/10, slowly destroying my life.
game-hours: 435.0
review: The best game ever !!!
game-hours: 311.5
review: It will ruin your life
game-hours: 228.3
review: A big jump from the old Counter Strike.With the new matchmaking and skill groups,it makes Counter Strike more competitive.The developer is updating this game often,that's why I like CS:GO so much. I recommend this game.
game-hours: 551.4
review: as good as always
game-hours: 267.3
review: ITS COUNTER STRIKE OF COURSE ITS GOOD 10/10
game-hours: 793.6
review: Unboxed 3 knives and paid my bills with them 10/10
game-hours: 867.9
review: one of the best :)
game-hours: 56.1
review: Do you like generic fps games? Then go away 10/10-Smashing kids in competitive makes this game a great experience!
game-hours: 273.8
review: fun but i dont know if more fun than source skins are cool
game-hours: 33.9
review: You shoot someone with all your bullets: they alive They shoot you with one bullet: you dead 11/10 would die again
game-hours: 436.9
review: Get screamed at simulator 2014 10/10 would cry in a corner again
game-hours: 854.9
review: Counter strike GO has to be the best FPS game i have ever played. The game beats others as you have to learn each map individually and work as a team if you want to win. however there is one problem, to get skins you open cases and once you open a case there is no going back. one case leads to another 10 which lead to another 15 and so on. i would definitely rerecommend this game to Fps players who are looking for a great competitive game.
game-hours: 986.3
review: et iz a gud geme
game-hours: 436.7
review: Still better than COD :V
game-hours: 448.3
review: the best game ever (y)
game-hours: 415.2
review: You can shoot your teammates in competitve games 10/10.
game-hours: 1236.7
review: ,    .
game-hours: 77.1
review: Really fun once you get good at it, definently one of the best FPS games out there.
game-hours: 609.9
review: I have really enjoyed this game - it's one of the best games that I have played. Allthough there are some bugs after major updates, Valve always fix these. Best of all, they listen to the comunity. Map changes have been put in place because we wanted it. There is a massive comunity surrounding this game - because it is an E-Sport, there are international competions held regulary and it offers great YouTube content aswell as amazing Twitch Live Streams. The gameplay itself is epic. I play competetive and it is so tense, the small teams and limited time make it a fast paced, action packed game. If you play with a group of friends or even random people who have microphones, it can become very tactical. There are a few bugs with the matchmaking system, and the low-budget servers can glitch and not register your hits which can be fustrating at times. I would give this game a 9/10.
game-hours: 606.0
review: This is one of those games that can really take your time Really good Great selection of weapons And just everything is great about this game but make sure you have an extra keyboard incase you break one
game-hours: 140.8
review: 99% of the time you'll meet some mic talking people they are gonna be russian
game-hours: 864.9
review: Every time you put this game on sale more and more hackers/smurfs will be playing the game. Stop. It's ruining the game.
game-hours: 1091.3
review: very fun game but dont open cases
game-hours: 413.1
review: Should BUY!!!!!!
game-hours: 720.5
review: Nice game!
game-hours: 1079.2
review: VODKA
game-hours: 1.0
review: why my csgo gone?
game-hours: 13.5
review: I went on a server once... Noscopes. Noscopes everywhere.
game-hours: 809.9
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 118.1
review: swag
game-hours: 528.2
review: ya get it.
game-hours: 347.4
review: best game btw.. ._.
game-hours: 276.9
review: This game is cool. The competitive is my favorite part... the casual is good for just playing around if you're bored.
game-hours: 1566.8
review: Maybe good game, but not best (jw best). Top Player  Top Choice. And so on...
game-hours: 721.0
review: good game ;)
game-hours: 442.0
review: Helvetin hyv peli, ostakaa!
game-hours: 181.7
review: :)
game-hours: 149.9
review: Much like it's predicessor, CS:GO is a groundbreaking addition to the FPS genre, the realistic simulation of weapon physics and military SOP such as, but not limited to, rank;units;chain of command; team and leadership skills. Like most autistic children, I have a deep, almost sexual love for stickers and colorful patterns so when I see a game with both for guns, I had a light heart attack. As for suggestions and complaints, I don't really have any... other than it hasn't really changed since condition zero... the awp needs to be nerfed, people keep getting rekt... the matchmaking was made by the antichrist...perhaps make it with prerendered loadouts like a CoD game... Overall, I'd say I was globally offended 10/10
game-hours: 881.4
review: With a simple recommedation, I recommend you this next valve impression wich is based on Counter-Strike 1.6 that is known for every one of us. With high model and textures,sweet gameplay,powerful weapons,matchranking and game modes it involves you in the world of shooter gaming.
game-hours: 84.0
review: 5/5
game-hours: 330.0
review: Great balanced FPS where the competetive scene is a step away from Pubs, even though the skill gap is as wide as... a wide thing.
game-hours: 610.4
review: Dis gaem is 4 pros only srry.
game-hours: 657.6
review: a must-buy game for any fps fan
game-hours: 364.2
review: I recommend to buy this game! It is good gameplay and good inaf craphicks :D. 10/5
game-hours: 395.5
review: First I was afraid, I was petrified thought I'd never get a frag without you by my side and then I spent so many rounds just camping out all on my own and I grew strong and now i'm defusing the bomb. And now i'm back so shut your face you cannot play as good as me you're such a fat disgrace weren't you the one who left me playing on my own all up to me, the VIP. No chance not I, I will survive, as long as I have bomber then I know I'll stay alive and now you're back and expect weapons thrown for free but I'm saving all my money for an AWP. CT's arrive, you won't survive because the second I see with my colt you're gonna die You just TK and keep the frags off of your own but hey get ready man for planitudes of  now that you're on. You say it's dark and that you cannot tell the teams apart, but that line's old and not as fresh as pepper chili farts. You just want kills you do not care about your team you beam them 37 times but keep on coming back in clean. He's in the pipes, out on the lawn, you're cheating tell me why the hell FORCECHASECAM isn't on, we can't do  by simply banning your IP, someone bring on down the console, and you ban his WON ID. Oh no not I, I will survive, no matter how much you are cheating, well I know I'll stay alive. You might have speed cheats on, or wallhacks on to see, by I've got the same ones running, so just try and  with me. Nothing left to do, I blew your team away, the scores are 29 to 3 and your team cannot play. The final round is coming in, and you have not one ounce of class, so you can take your stupid AK shove it right up in your . Now time is running out, five minutes on the clock, you lost your gun, you lost your style, your playing shuttle . It's you and me, it's one on one, so one must die, now I'm zooming in my reticle, so baby it's goodbye. Oh no not I, I will survive, can you remember when you fragged me and I lost my life. So many months ago, that match was far away, but now so sudden when I beat you you've got nothing left to say.
game-hours: 1294.7
review: Fun FPS!
game-hours: 199.6
review: One of my favorites and a must have on steam a 9 out of 10 in my opinion. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive has a strong community and lots of people to play with so give it a shot.
game-hours: 684.3
review: We need 128 tick servers for the Matchmaking ques!
game-hours: 382.3
review: FUN
game-hours: 239.5
review: Fun compet game!
game-hours: 895.4
review: Although it may have its flaws, it is a pretty good game. Like every recent Valve game, it has its own little economy, which takes place on the Steam Community Marketplace. You could easily make a quick buck selling skins that you find throughout each week. The weapons occassionally get changed through updates, and will cause you to re-learn the ones that have been changed. Overall, pretty good.
game-hours: 631.1
review: So sexy
game-hours: 306.6
review: Tulee hyvt 5/5 print tst Eessn kera
game-hours: 445.8
review: sxy game
game-hours: 1078.9
review: MADAFAKA GT TR 5 EURO?
game-hours: 254.8
review: Ruined my life 19/10 :D
game-hours: 776.7
review: Competitive mode is awsome! Nostalgia! CS 1.6 Competitive play!
game-hours: 930.8
review: nice.........
game-hours: 528.6
review: xx
game-hours: 978.3
review: dis gam is gud i leik it
game-hours: 98.3
review: this game is really really cool, i like this game this is awesome
game-hours: 162.0
review: Lots of fun here. If your wondering why your not getting drops anymore is because they limit 5 per week.
game-hours: 1527.1
review: Classic Game ever.
game-hours: 168.3
review: Yes
game-hours: 480.0
review: I was really looking forward to the new game mode "arms race" but I was dissapointed when I found out you ran around on your feet. 0/10
game-hours: 704.2
review: I now know what it is like to be addicted to something. I hear AK-47 shots going off in my head when I try to sleep.
game-hours: 423.8
review: awesome
game-hours: 1260.7
review: It may lack some of the community niceties, beloved maps (Assault, anyone?), and little features of past games, but Global Offensive delivers on the promise of a faithful, polished, and better looking Counter-Strike for whoever wants it. Even if the community doesn't meet the golden standard of 1.6 and Source, CS:GO will remain a multiplayer classic for those willing to put in the time to learn the maps and weapons.
game-hours: 1247.1
review: GAME!
game-hours: 717.2
review: Really like this game but.. MM servers are not that great
game-hours: 880.6
review: It's a great multiplayer shooter, only thing I miss from source are the custom weapon layouts. Having the ability to make your own layouts made it more comfortable. The matchmaking system is much better, it's easy to find games and no need to go through servers list, just join the queue and wait untill you are matched. For an fps fanatic, this game is perfect and low cost makes it even better.
game-hours: 40.3
review: Playing Counter-Strike is like playing CoD for the first time. only everytime.
game-hours: 1033.8
review: ing Awesome Game!
game-hours: 1014.1
review: Nicest game
game-hours: 869.1
review: Pedo
game-hours: 119.4
review: This game, is Fuzzing awsome, It reminds me of Cod a bit, but still has the strong qualitys of CS:S and is really fun! I recommened getting this game or just play CS:S alot more on max graphics, compared to the amazing graphics(on medium) of Counter Strike: Global Offensive!
game-hours: 781.8
review: TIdota2csgo
game-hours: 845.5
review: I've been playing CS since even before 1.6. I can tell you now without hesitations Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is hands down the best Counter-Strike to date even after 1.6. I feel with the new changes to old beloved maps it really helped balanced things and created new ways to take on each map and introduce new strategies, if you have ever been thinking about picking this game up, do it. Don't be hesitant, this game is amazing.
game-hours: 1945.9
review: First time when i was hearing about Counter Strike, i dont like the game ... When i buy the CS Global Ofensive i realize that the game is not so ugly and not that hard. Hvae cool stuf like weapons skins, cool maps. Now i pla CS GO every day, its a very good game.
game-hours: 391.0
review: Dont get better than this
game-hours: 1055.8
review: Total awesomesauce!!
game-hours: 469.1
review: nice
game-hours: 918.1
review: Fun hardly any bugs and really fun for trading!
game-hours: 364.7
review: very good
game-hours: 3516.9
review: just check my hours... my 6 month old boy is now 3 .... work turned into the dole 2 years ago i own a $400 knife tho... I NOW HAVE NO LIFE .... BUT ITS A ING EPIC GAME
game-hours: 293.1
review: why can i review the game when i dont have it in my library best gaming community to date
game-hours: 308.4
review: I once had a life, but that is all over now, CS GO has taken that away from me because of my urge for cool skins, and then i was introduced to the competitive ranking system to find myself at silver elite master but before long with many games with not good team mates the dream of being a gold nova has become non existant This game is life This game is love Buy it and if you are bad stop playing forever
game-hours: 897.9
review: To all who want this game I give some words of advice. If you have a busy life packed with many things to achieve or accomplish, I would not recommend getting this game. This game, even though one of my all time favorites, will suck all of the time you want to do other things with straight out of your life. HOWEVER, If you are ok with this, welcome to the party! This game is filled with cheap one shot deaths, P90 rushes, aim and wall hacks, smurfs, griefers, trigger and chat spammers, oblivious quitting newbies, impossible life-wasting achievements, and team harassment and cussing through every second of the game. If you want a shiny new knife, don't count on recieving one without spending at least $50. As for guns, you are kitted with stock police-brutality weapons, that can be traded for guns with more style or better patterns. New gun skins range from 4 cents to more than 100 dollars. Top those epic guns off with some one time placement stickers and your changes mean nothing at all (Unless you have a knife or gun worth more than $5). On the bright side, this game is very thrilling and time-worthy on the good days. You need to anticipate the opposing team's actions and work with your team in any match you play. If you set up a competitive queue with a well built team of friends that you can work with and understand their play style, the game becomes an excellent source of entertainment where you can show off your skills as a team. Being a game of Competitive Electronic Sports, you play a game that professional team gamers play, giving you the same qualities and giving you the opportunity to relate to what they do in life. All-in-All, what is better than traveling the world, busting baddies and defusing bombs?
game-hours: 1191.8
review: SKINS ARE BEST
game-hours: 493.8
review: Damn best part of CS
game-hours: 415.1
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is an incredible game. It incorporates many things that made Counter-Strike: Source and the orignal good, as well as delivering a new experience. Now, I'm no professional, but I like this game. Granted, there is a learning curve involved, and you will be killed quite often. But if you get over this, you will enjoy the game. They added a few new weapons, like the incendiary grenade and modified some maps to give a new experience. New game modes, like Arms Race which is basically gungame, were added to stretch out to more audiences. I would definately recommend this game to anyone that appreciates the genre.
game-hours: 154.2
review: Great FPS game. The best Counter Strike yet!
game-hours: 2071.3
review: CS:GO is a decent game. It still has bugs and glitches, but it will get there. But no more chickens please.
game-hours: 270.2
review: Good game..
game-hours: 389.9
review: good
game-hours: 555.6
review: please disable %75 off.
game-hours: 164.8
review: This is a good FPS, very interesting and enjoyable, but a bunch of other people and I have had a problem where it crashes when a new game starts, most of them on the Steamcommunity forum, I have absolutly know clue on how to fix this, one of my friends though got it and it works perfectly, so i guess it's a hit or miss on which computer it works on or if there is something we are missing.
game-hours: 426.5
review: 10/10 I used to be a CoD player, but after playing CS:GO I dont even take my CoD games out of their cases
game-hours: 518.1
review: a potato has skin Cs go has skins cs go = potato
game-hours: 129.1
review: vari goot geyme !
game-hours: 28.2
review: Good Game (Y)
game-hours: 266.7
review: Awesome game! 11/10
game-hours: 324.7
review: Best game in the world 10/10
game-hours: 660.1
review: I like getting shot in the face a lot but i hate those dumbass s who tells me to stfu. Oh hell no.
game-hours: 300.4
review: grat grat buy buy now. iz 15 dollla
game-hours: 586.9
review: GG SCRUBS 10/10 GOOD AT THE GAME = HACKS BAD AT THE GAME = NOOB TROWELS = DANYAM BOON
game-hours: 1467.6
review: My favourite counter strike game of all time! :)
game-hours: 1092.3
review: CS:GO is a clean and polished version of the little mod that could. Graphics are a dramatic improvement over Source and the classic levels have received little touch-ups for both looks and balance. It's a promising title that seeks to keep Counterstrike on top of the competitive shooter charts.
game-hours: 612.3
review: 5/5 Maistuu salami
game-hours: 576.0
review: One of the best FPS experiences! Playing is harder than other CS, but when you get used to it, it becomes more fun than you imagine.
game-hours: 247.4
review: Very guns. Much blood.
game-hours: 234.7
review: Would recommend if you mind seeing all the terrorists as Arabs (except for one or two maps).
game-hours: 346.4
review: Very good
game-hours: 933.9
review: Good
game-hours: 72.3
review: i love CSGO but i hate playing it
game-hours: 403.7
review: buhf ghjcnj ,jv,f!!
game-hours: 155.0
review: One of the best Counter Strike game, just be careful on spending your money on crates and keys...
game-hours: 604.1
review: killing chickens gets you points. 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 1209.5
review: GOOD
game-hours: 467.2
review: better than cod
game-hours: 180.3
review: Yes
game-hours: 414.3
review: GR8 B8 M8 8/8 WOULD PLAY AGAIN ! NIce  BLYAT SIMULATOR!
game-hours: 502.4
review: BEST
game-hours: 1042.2
review: Tis aiight.
game-hours: 464.1
review: 5/5
game-hours: 578.4
review: Nice game !
game-hours: 353.7
review: CS:GO is a very hard and rewarding FPS. It has many things to put into play like the opposing teams money, will they eco or save? If you already don't know what they mean then by playing a few games you'll find out. There is a casual mode but competitive is where CS:GO's 'heart' is at. It's where i've spent most of my time, and I pretty sure that I have became addicted to it, playing 39.3 hours in the last two weeks while tests and school were still on for me. If you came from COD it is a very different game and don't expect to have your hand held or 'piss-fart' around like many do in COD. It is a better experence if your whole team is either friends or have mics. Also you can get skins for your guns AKA camos at some low prices and even make some of the money back when you either upgrade your skin or just get rid of them all together. You wount get good easily, but overtime you will get to a good level. One thing to be weary of opening cases is addicting, you and alot more likely to beable to just buy the skin then get it from a case. I just get mine off the Steam market and it works just fine for me.
game-hours: 381.6
review: good game...
game-hours: 711.5
review: its ok
game-hours: 75.6
review: ok elenceli ve yine bir valve eseri. Eski anlarnz yeni iyiletirilmi grafikler ile tazeliyor ve o vuru hisleri yle byk bir zevk veriyor ki anlatlmas mmkn deil !
game-hours: 335.2
review: By far the most balanced and most skilled shooter out there! Worth the buy! Be warned noobs, this game has a little bit of a learning curve to it!
game-hours: 469.3
review: I shot some guy.. Called me a hacker. Atleast a 8.9/11.3 Would spend $1000 in keys for a virtual knife. Oh.. Still haven't got it..
game-hours: 184.7
review: Made me buy useless skins so I could brag to all the cool kids and do well in competitive. Then someone hurt my feelings by saying they ed my mother. I teamkilled him and got banned for a week, but at least I showed him how awesome I was with my stickered AWP. When I finally made it to silver 2 I was so happy that I came sween cream right into my whitie-tighties, best moment of my life.
game-hours: 485.0
review: pretty decent
game-hours: 595.7
review: gut
game-hours: 806.6
review: great game
game-hours: 355.8
review: meh..
game-hours: 354.3
review: Forever Silver Elite
game-hours: 70.9
review: When the classic returns! A good game, to play with friends, and have fun. With graphics from CS Source, and physics from CS 1.6 ,
game-hours: 4922.3
review: Awesome game =] Would reccomened to anyone who likes fps.
game-hours: 1948.9
review: very stronK game.
game-hours: 2693.0
review: shootbang the dudebros
game-hours: 171.1
review: Good Gameee
game-hours: 462.8
review: What a great game.
game-hours: 237.9
review: very easy to cheat is very nice game
game-hours: 521.0
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 264.6
review: Good.
game-hours: 347.0
review: Its a must buy game if u like FPS gaming gr8 graphics,good tactics & nice gameplay ! Cs main problem was just the graphics now CS:GO completed that problem to! its just amazing game must play ! The game is updated almost once a week with new features and content, Match Making is great when you are playing with friends.
game-hours: 754.9
review: nice one puzzy
game-hours: 1062.3
review: awesome
game-hours: 102.1
review: Me gusta.
game-hours: 301.2
review: Always loved how out of all the fps games, I stayed with this one. It's simple, yet very complicated especially dealing with each gun's recoil. This game has been nothing but everlasting fun and the competitve matches are so intense and filled with excitement. I don't think this game can ever become boring to me and to see it still coming with new content like maps and gun skins is amazing! If you got money to throw, deffinitely try this game for it is highly recommended and you will deffinitely worth your money.
game-hours: 751.0
review: Nach den ganzen Contents ist es spiel bar geworden :D
game-hours: 457.1
review: awesome game Good Job VALVE
game-hours: 1390.2
review: one game one love
game-hours: 531.6
review: its cs:go...idk better than cod
game-hours: 357.4
review: its a game
game-hours: 401.5
review: very fun and i likey lots
game-hours: 64.8
review: Chickens,Molotovs,Bad english,Dying russians. 10/10
game-hours: 227.5
review: Verii guuud gamish
game-hours: 511.4
review: ITS NOT COD 10/10
game-hours: 110.5
review: Are you ready to decide the fate of the world? The world has been split into a multi-verse. You play as either a trans-multi-universal terrorist or a counter-trans-multi-universal terrorist. Play through up to 30 alternate realities of which the most extreme team will win 16 rounds before the other and cause trans-reality to shift and cascade into a single unfractured multi-verse of which the victors decide the future!
game-hours: 123.1
review: no sweg
game-hours: 16.8
review: Played it on Playstation. It sucked. 10/10
game-hours: 654.3
review: BEST game EVER! So much action, skills that you need to master inorder to be those in high ranking. Get your friends together in a party or skype call and play competitive all day and all night, you won't be sick of it!
game-hours: 100.0
review: Best Competitive FPS on the market
game-hours: 511.9
review: Favourite Game Ever <3
game-hours: 1790.9
review: meh.
game-hours: 1330.6
review: Fun game. Can be frusturating when you are first starting out due to the more experienced players who are higher ranks such as double AK or Eagle buying new accounts and smuring down to play against silvers. But aside from that this game is more fun if you have 4 other friends to play with. I do recommend this game if you enjoy first person stratagy shooters
game-hours: 853.6
review: better than source and in some ways 1.6  YEAH
game-hours: 1264.1
review: One of the best E-Sport games of the decade. A must have in ones library.
game-hours: 398.5
review: Great Game!!
game-hours: 65.5
review: dope
game-hours: 2822.2
review: Been in this franchise for 15 years today is the 15 year anniversary <3 GET IT.
game-hours: 421.8
review: Counter-strike Where not only the enemy team has had sex with your mother, but your team too. 10/10
game-hours: 425.9
review: I is qu1cksc0pe mast3r ign rates 9/11
game-hours: 670.9
review: Color guns simulator
game-hours: 85.6
review: Very fun game to play with your friends
game-hours: 950.1
review: Awesome game! Can be co-op and a solo shooter! Realistic graphics and friendly players! Nice stuff and lots of weapons to choose! P.S Also ruined my life.
game-hours: 541.5
review: It's a good game.
game-hours: 472.1
review: 5/5 Valitettavasti Joni ei maksa velkoja...
game-hours: 461.4
review: A nice game, really good would recomend it.
game-hours: 916.6
review: The BEST FPS game for comp that you will ever play !
game-hours: 349.3
review: Best FPS shooter out there at the moment.
game-hours: 45.1
review: Press F for cancer.
game-hours: 957.3
review: Like it.
game-hours: 62.9
review: Walk around corner, ING AWP Run straight forward, ING AWP Flash a location and run out, ING P90 Run in with a negev to smash, ING CZ CZ75/10 would play again
game-hours: 1048.1
review: Really good game, buy it. it wont let you down.
game-hours: 1110.5
review: best shooter simulator
game-hours: 506.5
review: Very great game very recemmended
game-hours: 1466.5
review: Good game
game-hours: 31.8
review: Counter Strike has been an epic franchise since my mid teenage years. I have played pre-steam, pre-source, source, and now CS:GO. This game excels as all the others, and brings more the feel of 1.6 that Source lacked. The recoil can be unforgiving so skill is required to control it. It's hard for other games to compare to CS:GO. The quality of hitboxes and the fast intense maps (provided you know the routes and are not wandering around aimlessly) make this an instantly gratifying game. Despite the scandles in the professional scene, this game is excellent and hard to not recommend to any age group.
game-hours: 761.3
review: Dropped a mp9 skin 0/10
game-hours: 407.6
review: Is gud game
game-hours: 672.5
review: Good :3
game-hours: 159.5
review: Good game, very Competitive
game-hours: 711.5
review: OMG 420 blaze awesome
game-hours: 381.0
review: This game is very fun and addictive. It also supports my gambling addiction by dropping cases which cost ing 2.50 dollars to open, only to get a gun that is worth 50 cents. 7/10 is my finnal score overall I would reccomend if you can handle not waisting away 30 dollars on the community market. The game would of been better without items.
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 929.2
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2870.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 205.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 781.0
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 929.2
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2870.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 205.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 781.0
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 669.3
review: i think this game is really beautiful game to think our mind and reflex in game
game-hours: 1259.5
review: This game is in many ways the same as the older ones, but at the same time it's also completley brand new. Don't for a second think -Ohh, i've played a lot of 1.6, i'll be a pro in notime. That's not the deal, for you switching over to this game from 1.6 or source at first you wont be able to hit anything and the spray patterns will seem random. After about 500 hours i can say that this game is the best of the series. I recommend playing this game with friends of equal or higher skill so that you can improve together. Don't play with people who are much worse than you unless you intend to make them better. Great game. 9/10
game-hours: 606.4
review: Best $15 i ever spent!
game-hours: 860.3
review: This game is all about skill. That's why no one likes his game. ing recoil goes everywhere. But after hundreds of hours of play. I R8 8/8 NO H8
game-hours: 261.8
review: Awesome game cant stop playing it :)
game-hours: 667.7
review: GOOD GAME
game-hours: 171.9
review: Never gets old, totally worth the $15.
game-hours: 721.3
review: such hs, much win
game-hours: 547.7
review: Excellent FPS for multiplayer & LAN Parties. Must have !
game-hours: 237.2
review: The more I play this game, the more I love it. It's truly truly truly a GREAT game! Please, just press the add to cart button, pay for it, and play for a couple minutes, or hours, or days... Seriously though, stop buying 50$ worth of case keys (you know who you are ;D) you aren't gonna get a knife ;-; Good Luck Have Fun!
game-hours: 745.7
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is addicting as all get out! Once you get past the complicated mechanics it's so much fun to play. 10/10!
game-hours: 1255.7
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 136.3
review: eh sure
game-hours: 936.8
review: Such a Swaggy game
game-hours: 866.7
review: very gut but pay 2 win skins do more damage then normal ROFL
game-hours: 1381.3
review: n1
game-hours: 117.5
review: Die = Noob Live = Hacker Low Value Inventory = Noob High Value Inventory = God
game-hours: 1001.5
review: Very fun game to play, once you get the feel of the game. It may take a while, but don't give up!
game-hours: 764.3
review: top notch
game-hours: 789.6
review: The best first person tactical shooter. Worth every penny and really competitive.
game-hours: 936.2
review: :D
game-hours: 318.2
review: played CS for years already and still not tired of the gameplay, best allday game !
game-hours: 1145.4
review: The best game ever... NUFF said
game-hours: 668.7
review: sucker machine
game-hours: 865.4
review: you want something comp...thats the game...despite the hackers and few smurf accounts its the best competitive game since 1.6 :)
game-hours: 271.3
review: Good!
game-hours: 1185.3
review: awesome game that will test your anger.....
game-hours: 2107.1
review: Born to play FPS game .. Same like cs 1.6 my old love
game-hours: 457.1
review: I go A. You go B. There's no C. She wants the D. Much inspiration, so beautiful, such poet.
game-hours: 705.6
review: Because Chickens.
game-hours: 348.5
review: >Buy game >Play a competitive match in Europe >Learn Russian very fast >Learn the word  >Speak Russian >??? >Russians all over the place.
game-hours: 889.5
review: this game is hard and stressful and i suck. good competitive play, updates regularly, well maintained, im gay
game-hours: 523.8
review: Amazing game Fun competive ranked win items just for playing unlock the skins such a great FPS game worth every dollar i spent on this game
game-hours: 1445.4
review: ez skinz ez life
game-hours: 715.3
review: Very long longtime experience, very nice. dont play if your aim is .
game-hours: 612.0
review: So fun,Much edgers
game-hours: 211.7
review: Best Game !
game-hours: 606.7
review: Best shooter out there.
game-hours: 372.7
review: Possibly one of the best games on the market right now!
game-hours: 701.5
review: You open cases hoping for a knife but all you get are bizons.
game-hours: 0.7
review: am i allowed to review this game even if i dont own it
game-hours: 306.0
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive (CS:GO) Has to one of the best multiplayer shooters i have played it's fun it requires skill and alot of team work to win... even though I always get put in games with Russians... but that's not the point, the point is that THIS IS NOT COD you can't just charge at the enemy and expect to win you have to think of a plan first then if that plan fails it usually ends up with a plan B... or every man for their self. HOWEVER I have 1 major problem with this game... the in' weapon skins... we should not have to play loads more real money just so our guns look cool because we already paid for the damn game surely they could have made some in game money so that we don't waist our money we caould spend on more important things and if they really want to keep their money grabbing ways maybe they should make it so you can also buy the ingame currency as well as earning it because in my honest opinon... this ruined valves reputation for me.. now when i mention the ingame currency most you are most likely thinking "But then everyonne will just buy the same skin as eachother then" so no i didn't mean like you can buy guns seperatly I meant that it's still just cases and keys but with ingame currency instead of my real money... Wow I only wonder how many spelling mistakes there was in that... Oh wells this game gets a 8/10 from me because it's very addictive i just don't like having to pay real money just so I can get nice skins
game-hours: 791.6
review: You have seizures? Can't aim straight for ? Mouse is your enemy? Or maybe you're blind? This game is for you! This is the only game where you spray down the enemy by aiming NOT AT HIM (sniper rifles are the exception)! Of course you have these nasty one-tap-headshots but who cares? All you have to do is to put your crosshair BELOW your enemy and move it left-right and you're be gonna called a god! Sounds good right? There's more - ever wished that using terrain to your advantage could save your life? Now it's possible! A single wooden step can cover you from a grenade lying 0,5 m from you! Oh, and did I mention chickens? Counter-Realism: Global Addiction
game-hours: 171.6
review: One Word... Amazing
game-hours: 438.9
review: Shot a guy in the nuts with an AWP and he instantly died. 10/10
game-hours: 237.1
review: when i play dota 2 + cs go i won't stop cs go is complete game
game-hours: 757.4
review: .
game-hours: 259.2
review: Love it ! :)
game-hours: 1342.2
review: Nice, game, remove russians
game-hours: 315.0
review: Excellent game, well worth the money. Servers could do with being faster but thats my only complaint. No need to spend money after purchase, anything you would spend money on is purely for looks and does not give you an advantage. All in all, I love this game.
game-hours: 932.0
review: Fast paced, team based, guns and metal, great taste. Spent many hours playing this game, and it doesn't ever get old. So many techniques, good players, and challenges. Would recommend to any teamplayer that like using close-quarter teamwork.
game-hours: 186.4
review: I like this game... But it full of cheaters and another hackers or something... So if someone in vac reads this unbann me... beacose i just hacked in this good game beacose i get enough!! in all matches some in russian is cheating... seriosly? 20hours all medals in gold and all achievments he know every place where i hide? DON'T BUY THIS GAME IF YOU WON'T WANT GET HACKKERS IN YOUR ENEMY!!!
game-hours: 1229.6
review: Despite raging at the 64 tick sometimes its overall a great game
game-hours: 237.1
review: Got distracted by the chickens and got headshot. 10/10 would watch chickens again
game-hours: 1.2
review: Best MOBA i played so far
game-hours: 1223.0
review: Bungie made a really good one this time
game-hours: 427.8
review: This game stole my job, 11/10
game-hours: 920.2
review: NICEEEEEEEE
game-hours: 36.5
review: A++ would 360 noscope again
game-hours: 1195.9
review: When reg works properly, my patience with the game is fine. It's alright. Fun, at least when ery doesn't occur.
game-hours: 604.9
review: Good game but ranking system sucks!!
game-hours: 1007.5
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive took the long way to success. It started off with a number of significant flaws, but with time and some substantial patches, has become one of the most-played games on Steam and one of the best PC games you can play.
game-hours: 171.6
review: This game is addicting, and is fun to play with friends. It can get boring of you play one game mode the whole time, so be sure to try out other modes like Arms Race too.
game-hours: 743.9
review: Na4i tas igra e za manqci ! Prepora4vam q silno za mindi i kilata maika
game-hours: 952.8
review: gr8 game
game-hours: 832.5
review: Very good game LOVE IT
game-hours: 768.2
review: GG
game-hours: 519.2
review: a good f***ing game a most for the FPS fans
game-hours: 578.2
review: Basically, if you are Silver I but own a Stattrak Knife, you are a pro.
game-hours: 845.1
review: THIS game is awesome and intense at the same time :D
game-hours: 845.1
review: THIS game is awesome and intense at the same time :D
game-hours: 751.2
review: Personaly i love this game and not just for the gameplay the selection of Skins for your guns are just awesome i recommend it for anyone who likes 1st person shooter games.
game-hours: 832.3
review: Straight upgrade from CS:S and CS 1.6
game-hours: 809.1
review: it good. buy
game-hours: 1306.7
review: not perfect but its the best  around atm
game-hours: 744.2
review: Great game, apparently very easy to hack. Tons of fun guns, but you'll only need 4... Scout, AK, M4, Deagle.
game-hours: 573.7
review: (y)
game-hours: 587.6
review: +
game-hours: 1416.7
review: plz make virtual knifes cheaper
game-hours: 102.8
review: Pew pew pew? Pew. WTF HACKER OMFG WTF WTF OMFGGGGGG. This game in other words. Better than cod. :D
game-hours: 297.0
review: CS: Go stands as a glowing reminder that quality game design is rewarded in longvity and variety. valve has not only updated the eshooter but has completely outclassed its contemporaries. This is Counter-Strike, whatever the format you choose to play it on, and there isn't a higher recommendation than that.
game-hours: 352.0
review: Pretty addictive :)
game-hours: 341.8
review: awsome game to play
game-hours: 15.5
review: This is a reallly good game I love it :D
game-hours: 497.5
review: Best Game
game-hours: 3111.1
review: Bomb  game
game-hours: 263.1
review: Loved 1.6? Loved Source? Try out CS:GO when it eventually rolls around to free weekend and get it when its on sale for 75% off. You can get your FPS fix in a 10 minute deathmatch or go hardcore with Competitive mode!
game-hours: 97.1
review: If you want to play easy,just buy this game and enjoy!
game-hours: 201.3
review: game of the year
game-hours: 435.9
review: The Best Game Ever Made!
game-hours: 240.3
review: I TOTTALY RECCOMEND THIS GAME
game-hours: 636.9
review: Pretty good :D but really annoying to open cases and get nothing good :(
game-hours: 1898.9
review: sex
game-hours: 1389.8
review: too addictive...........please help me to get out of this!!!!!
game-hours: 1122.5
review: Muito bom , ainda mais com o sistema de competitivo , recomendo !
game-hours: 1218.3
review: Much Shoot. Very Skill. Much buy. Wow.
game-hours: 1020.8
review: Very fun and strategic FPS. More fun when played with friends. You will spend countless hours raging but will still come back for more. 9/10
game-hours: 599.6
review: Ruined my life 10/10.
game-hours: 434.3
review: SWAG GAME/10
game-hours: 616.1
review: The game has the best balance of tact, strategy, teamwork, and skill of any realistic fps I've played ever. Worth every penny I paid, but actually it was gifted to me... so that phrase doesn't work. It's still awesome, and you should definitely buy it if you enjoy computer fps games. AFTER PLAYING ALMOST 300 HOURS The game still holds up as my favorite fps ever. The teamwork element and individual skill/game sense gains even more importance as you progress through the ranks. Although I'm still one of the lower ranks (Gold Nova 2) I still enjoy the game a lot with friends and random matchmaking lobbies. And by the way, Ninja Defusing is the best thing ever. Ninja is love, ninja is life.
game-hours: 587.3
review: suppppeeeeeeeeeeeR roligT
game-hours: 379.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 217.6
review: If people are mean to you in competetive you can just shoot them. 10/10 best game i've ever played
game-hours: 302.9
review: Nice
game-hours: 202.7
review: !      counter-strike  half-life
game-hours: 130.4
review: i go bang bang but then theres a boom then i die and cry 10/10
game-hours: 127.0
review: counter-strike in a nutshell..... PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEWP PEW PANG PANG PANG!!!!!! COUNTER TERRORIST WIN
game-hours: 448.4
review: Wow! Very impressed with this game! I have played it for a couple of months now and I have had no problems with it. The odd hacker or two does make the game less enjoyable, but every hacker I have reported has been dealt with appropriately. love the customizability too, from crosshairs to painted weapons. The economy in the game is very good too. I personally enjoy the competitive gamemode. If I were you, I'd buy it, It's only 12 quid, why not give it a try?
game-hours: 28.2
review: this is counter strike: source, it's a video game. 10/10 it's counter strike: source.
game-hours: 1606.3
review: very good.
game-hours: 1388.8
review: A really good first person shooter with a very competitive aspect.
game-hours: 606.7
review: It's good.
game-hours: 477.6
review: Great game for both experienced and unexperienced FPS players. A great team building and FPS game. 10/10
game-hours: 1004.1
review: Once In A Time There Was A Player Called: Thomas Toget And His Friend: The Track For The Train They Meet So Many Fights In Competitive And Won Everytime... Then Something Evil Came In... They Are Called... The Russains... Thomas Toget Lost So Many Battles With Them So Thomas Toget Died Of De-Ranked To Silver 4. 2014-25-12 [R.I.P] Would Play This Game Again
game-hours: 807.3
review: CS:GO For me personaly is the best cs so far, you have skins etc. recoil is different, makes it fun to learn again, but when you learn its really fun to play. Im impresed..
game-hours: 35.2
review: Counter-Strike Global offensive is a simple game , Its nothing like call of duty series or other fps games , no assaults , no air supports , no flags , nothing , this game is based on CS 1.6 (which is the most popular game ever) inherited all the guns from 1.6 and has few items added to It plus It has amazing guns , you could actually feel the art on your hand in this game , totally worth buying and playing 10/10
game-hours: 1205.0
review: all the game is shoot, die, shoot some more, die some more
game-hours: 471.8
review: If you love first person shooters, and you love competitive online multiplayer games, look no further.
game-hours: 383.3
review: Great game, great fun and not a pay to win, awesome!
game-hours: 459.1
review: i r8 8/8 not too many b8ers
game-hours: 289.4
review: Its Gr8
game-hours: 476.7
review: game
game-hours: 133.2
review: Dust simulator 2014
game-hours: 322.9
review: It is personally one of my favorite of FPS. The only thing I dislike is there's alot of spraying.
game-hours: 221.0
review: GET GAME, IS GOOOOOD
game-hours: 77.8
review: This is shockingly good 420/69
game-hours: 681.7
review: his ame is garbage pay to win. The Awp  E MOV is like $400 and your aim suc withoot one
game-hours: 267.2
review: you can murder chickens - 10/10
game-hours: 1242.2
review: Will make you rage quit over and over again. 10/10
game-hours: 477.9
review: Amazing game! Might take time to get used if you like respawning!
game-hours: 524.6
review: Amazing game must buy.
game-hours: 903.0
review: Awesome game to play with friend (Y)
game-hours: 170.0
review: This game made me spend 300 dollars, it's horribly fun.....
game-hours: 491.5
review: Feels very much like source should have been. Like the original with some updated graphics and new weapons. Positives: -Very similar play to 1.6 in terms of recoil and play -New weapons -New skins -New maps -Cheap @ under $15 My gripes: -No servers in my area so I can't play with less than 70ms in competitive. -Only competitive allows for map selection, god I would love to take de_dust II off of my map rotation list for DM warmup. -Smurfs running in all ranks are potentially fun ruining and there is no option to surrender or leave unless someone else abandons and cops a 1hour or upto 1 week penalty. -Buy menu sucks, way too big and clunky - honestly prefer the old CS 1.6 classic menu to this. Overall totally worth the $14.99 and a definite pickup on steam sales, most of my gripes won't affect everyone but are just my personal view of what issues that the game has.
game-hours: 1708.7
review: This game is full of  holes,  servers, so many smurfs and cheaters, wasted about a month of my life on it(so far). 10/10 Would play again, never gonna stop.
game-hours: 95.4
review: this is best game <3
game-hours: 381.4
review: cant.... hold.. my.. rage,, HERE COMES THE PAIN TRAIN MOTHER ER 10-10 would yell at 8 year olds for being better then me again
game-hours: 1230.5
review: i cheated and got banned... ...after that they gave me a permission to go on VACation on KQLYfornia for free best communityt eu 1337/olofpass "itz ok" -jw
game-hours: 454.7
review: Classic Counter-Strike at its best!
game-hours: 720.6
review: Lovely game, fun to play alone and with friends. The community is maybe okey if you are a boy, but as a girl it can be to much sometimes. I do recommend the game!
game-hours: 1448.0
review: this game straight cheeses me but its ok i guess
game-hours: 464.8
review: Absoloutlgyadygadauydg brill game, fun as heck comp is nerv racking aswell and brain busting!
game-hours: 504.7
review: gud gam fam
game-hours: 463.8
review: Roses er rad Bert es fegit feget ftg 10/10 - IGN
game-hours: 605.5
review: Very good game
game-hours: 34.7
review: LOVE IT RECOMMEND IT TO ANY ONE WHO HAS AN ETHNIC ORIGIN AND COMES FROM OTHER COUNTRIES ESPECIALLY RUSSIA
game-hours: 236.1
review: AMAZING!!!!!
game-hours: 1035.4
review: Why did it take me so long to get this amazing game?!
game-hours: 26.9
review: Most realistic FPS Shooter games I ever played! Thats highly Recommended!
game-hours: 360.0
review: One of the best multiplayer games ever :D
game-hours: 357.5
review: Very Good , Would buy again 10/10
game-hours: 317.2
review: Good Stuff
game-hours: 41.7
review: Bought this game for 15 USD Bought a crate key for whatever they're going for right now after 13 hours of gameplay Open my first crate Get the knife 10/10 this game has already paid for itself 10 times over
game-hours: 311.1
review: Awesome game, definitely a change from its predecessor Counter-Strike: Source. I wouldn't describe it as an upgrade, nor a downgrade, but rather a completely new feel. Definitely worth getting.
game-hours: 1312.5
review: This game is simply the best FPS there is! Why? all the reasons i can think of are listed below? Let's start of simple: 1: The game is cheaper than most other titles in the genre, and still it delivers extremly solid gameplay value. 2:Other shooting games may get boring overtime but this game's competetive gamemode keeps every match exiting. 3:Both reflexes, skill and teamwork is important so if you're a  DON'T buy this game. 4:The overwatch system and the brilliant steam support team keeps the hackers away! 5:The community.......The community is what really, really makes the game so great!(atleast 90% of it) 6:I'm just gonna say it.... I'm addicted to skin collecting and box opening, chances are that you will become addicted aswel!
game-hours: 350.4
review: awsome game
game-hours: 1195.6
review: Best game eva, trust me!
game-hours: 68.1
review: THIS GAME SUCKS
game-hours: 72.9
review: It's
game-hours: 1188.1
review: Hue
game-hours: 1475.6
review: 8/10
game-hours: 1151.8
review: CSGO is a near-perfect multiplayer shooter. Unlike the previous versions, which were often difficult to get in to, this one offers a variety of modes that will appeal to all skill levels. It has a large community and a well supported workshop, ensuring that this discount-priced game will be around for years to come. In short, you either play as the good or bad guys and must either kill the other team or complete objectives to win the round, which will earn you more money to do the same thing again but faster. It's been around for years and has spawned many imitators. The game isn't much of a looker as it is based on the same engine as the original Half Life 2 was. However, Valve have polished it as much as they can and the community consists of lots of awesome mappers who have been churning out brilliantly imaginative and beautiful maps almost on a daily basis. Is it worth getting if you already own Counter Strike: Source? Yes. CSS was always Counter Strike shoe-horned into the Source engine. CSGO feels far more like a standalone game. Valve have very carefully listened to what people have wanted and have made a very appealing game. The best feature must be the competitive play, where you play 10 games that you cannot leave (unless you want to tarnish your reputation), after which you'll be ranked and will be paired up with people of the same skill, meaning that the game is challenging but fair no matter what skill level you are. There are all kinds of teams and communities that you can join. Really, if I was stuck on a desert island with one game this would most likely be my top choice. It's bigger than you can hope to conquer and has a huge community around it which will likely be around for years to come, something that can't be said for the Call of Duty franchise which is probably its closest rival. Remember that those games are full price and have another one churned out each year, fragmenting the community. Plus you can customise your weapon skins in CSGO. Surely that's the most important feature?! All they need to add now are hats and you might as well live in CSGO.
game-hours: 24.1
review: Allows me to be a terrorist without disturbing the Americans.
game-hours: 6.1
review: many achievement! very fun!
game-hours: 605.5
review: This is the game that is fair no mather how long you have been playing, no buying to level up or unfair atvatadges just fair gaming and fun. The bad thing is there are a lot of people ''smurfing'', they play on high ranks and get really good then make a secondary account to go play and just ruin the game for the one with lower rank.. This is a real problem all along the lines of cheating and is making online matchmaking a real hell...
game-hours: 106.1
review: awesome game <3
game-hours: 213.3
review: , I deranked
game-hours: 1990.7
review: ....
game-hours: 395.2
review: "Please don't buy this game if you want a happy life free of suicidal thoughts."
game-hours: 900.7
review: 5/5 god game d;^)
game-hours: 1003.4
review: Best Competitive GAME EVER ! And price is good only RM31 :)
game-hours: 619.9
review: Love this game!
game-hours: 1386.0
review: One of the best FPS games on PC!
game-hours: 144.9
review: This game is a ton of fun I cant stop playing with my friends I strongly recommend this game to anyone how loves FPS games
game-hours: 481.4
review: one of best games i've played! i highly suggest you try out this game
game-hours: 380.8
review: This really is one of the best games that I have ever played. I'm not the person to play FPS' but this one is different. It's fast, fun and a great all round game to play with friends. Can't wait for the new DLC maps :D
game-hours: 1065.0
review: 10/10
game-hours: 303.9
review: great game *_*
game-hours: 677.7
review: Clutch or Ebola They said. Got Ebola 11/10 - IGN
game-hours: 17.5
review: IT IS AWESOME.
game-hours: 483.9
review: Props to valve for giving me a knife on my first case opening.
game-hours: 127.8
review: Im so mad right now because i was put on to a cooldown for kicking a guy who was afk and would have been kicked in the first place, but that being said, The game is great to play with friends or just to cool down after a stressful day 10/10
game-hours: 2.4
review: good competetive fps game
game-hours: 1408.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 745.4
review: Just give it a solid chance, if you don't do well, bounce off source and play some go fo'real.
game-hours: 808.2
review: My friend told me there would be girls, so i thought i could get a girlfriend. Either way my bank account ended up getting ripped in half like my heart. 10/10
game-hours: 646.9
review: Go.... and get this game!
game-hours: 542.5
review: Game is very good for if you are poland 10/10 :D!!!
game-hours: 312.3
review: Very good game. I recommend to play this game to all of you. Strategy plus quick reflexes plus teamwork plus everything else. Im speechless.. Hehehe (//_^)
game-hours: 2431.2
review: Counter Strike Global Offensive is like that dog you wanted you have fun and you enjoy it. But there comes the bad parts such as the barking or yelling complaining and this new case system it's the lottery you never win. There are alot of good things such as creative gamemodes the strive to be good and someday be as good as Fr0est and enable console in your options and do the command cl_right hand 1 or 0 its when you have the weapon in your left hand instead of your right it helps me. Never Ever spray running forward with the ak Please Valve Nerf.
game-hours: 515.0
review: I like everything about this game.
game-hours: 1010.3
review: this is a very good 360 noscoping game, yes very good, recommend for 420 noscopers
game-hours: 606.0
review: good game i guess...
game-hours: 857.4
review: It's the best game created in life . Weapon Skins make it even better than css and it cant be better than this .
game-hours: 616.2
review: great game
game-hours: 720.7
review: i guess u could say this game is globally offensive ehehehe
game-hours: 1361.1
review: "7/10 so hard to Juan Deag." -Me
game-hours: 627.5
review: I rage every game because of russian teammates. 10/10 would do it again
game-hours: 171.1
review: When you think like the game, "Skilled or Unskilled" means "Hacker or Noob". 10/10 would noob again
game-hours: 503.2
review: This game is my life XD this is amazing everyone should buy it i hope you all have it in your steam library :D
game-hours: 922.4
review: Verrys gooder game
game-hours: 486.1
review: ,  (  ),    , (-5   )   ,       ,  .
game-hours: 38.7
review: Well, indeed a game of legacy~
game-hours: 346.2
review: 1111
game-hours: 446.3
review: When there is a knife fight There is Chaos 10/10 Would knife again
game-hours: 857.7
review: I reccomend to block this game in Russia. A lot of people would be happy. Thanks
game-hours: 135.2
review: GOOD
game-hours: 116.8
review: 360 no-scoped JFK. 10/10
game-hours: 1069.7
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, it's a great game but fans of the older serise hoping it will be the same be weary of this game. While the graphics are vastly improved from the older installments the game, the game plays very diffrently from its older brothers. If you're fine with that and want to put about 20$ into the game just on skins, then go ahead and buy this game. No really, it's actually good you should probably buy this game. 10 / 10 This game is ok
game-hours: 271.0
review: AIMSTAR<3
game-hours: 853.6
review: better than source and in some ways 1.6  YEAH
game-hours: 1264.1
review: One of the best E-Sport games of the decade. A must have in ones library.
game-hours: 398.5
review: Great Game!!
game-hours: 65.5
review: dope
game-hours: 2822.2
review: Been in this franchise for 15 years today is the 15 year anniversary <3 GET IT.
game-hours: 421.8
review: Counter-strike Where not only the enemy team has had sex with your mother, but your team too. 10/10
game-hours: 425.9
review: I is qu1cksc0pe mast3r ign rates 9/11
game-hours: 670.9
review: Color guns simulator
game-hours: 85.6
review: Very fun game to play with your friends
game-hours: 950.1
review: Awesome game! Can be co-op and a solo shooter! Realistic graphics and friendly players! Nice stuff and lots of weapons to choose! P.S Also ruined my life.
game-hours: 606.6
review: Really Good Game, Worth The Money And Extremely Good Fun
game-hours: 667.4
review: There is nothing else to say about this game. 85% of the people playing are more concerned to have a 20+$ weapon skin, rather then actual play/improve the game itself. Microtransactions did ruin the game so far. I cant see a change in the future as longest Valve is generating money from Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. If you dont care about skins at all, its a great game, Valve keeps improving the game itself. I do recomend, but I bet you will fall into the money sucking abyss of spending money/time on in-game skins as I did myself. If you consider to play with friends on Teamspeak/Mumble or whatever, its gonna be a lot of fun. 7.0/10, Njoy Caprice.
game-hours: 150.5
review: awsome
game-hours: 803.7
review: This game is ing  sucker.
game-hours: 133.0
review: If you play too well, you get called "hacker" by angry little russian kids. If you play too badly, you get called "noob" by angry little russian kids. 10/10 would play with angry little russian kids again.
game-hours: 26.4
review: This game is a lot of fun, but I don't like it enough to play it more frequently than Team Fortress 2. I wish we knew more about its voice actors.
game-hours: 3452.3
review: best game ever a must get for an fps fan
game-hours: 798.1
review: iz gr8.
game-hours: 366.2
review: i like too pew people to death
game-hours: 666.5
review: + Cheap, decent community, super fun playing with friends! - Cheaters, cheaters and cheaters! Conclusion-worth it
game-hours: 152.1
review: Like
game-hours: 185.4
review: #1 Popular Game on Steam
game-hours: 1271.8
review: very gud
game-hours: 733.4
review: Best game :)
game-hours: 387.4
review: The first thing players will notice about CS: GO is how beautiful the game looks. Counter-Strike has always been known as a series that has valued substance over style, but Valve has been more than happy to usher CS: GO into the modern era with breathtaking visuals. Fans will be delighted to see their favorite maps reworked with a fresh and vibrant color pallet. The lighting effects are particularly well crafted as the detailed shadows add another level of depth to many of the games iconic level designs. The new designs are not all flash either, many old maps of the series like Aztec and Dust return with a new design aimed at offering players a more balanced competitive experience. While CS:GO may not support the same over-the-top special effects that other FPS behemoths like Call of Duty and Battlefield are known for, the improvements still prove to be more than noticeable and further entice players to get enthralled in the addicting gameplay. Other than the new look, the gameplay of CS: GO remains relatively unchanged. Sure there are a number of tweaks to the objective multiplayer FPS, but the game still feels, and more importantly plays like a Counter Strike game. That means ungodly aim and perfect map positioning are a must if you want to succeed. As with other CS titles, CS: GO revolves around the players ability to aim, rewarding those who fire in short succinct bursts, while those who spray will find themselves quickly the prey of their more disciplined counter-parts. This aim driven skill intensive combat has long been the staple of the franchise and makes a welcomed return in CS: GO. -10/10
game-hours: 546.9
review: Such a good game! But I highly recommend making the price for keys only $2. Plus, make your chances for a knife a LITTLE bit more increased. But overrall, one of the best games I've played in SO long.
game-hours: 797.9
review: Smurf City! Hacker Hotel! Scammer Paradise! Must Get Game!
game-hours: 252.3
review: Doobar
game-hours: 3251.0
review: I love this game its an awesome game :)
game-hours: 740.9
review: dis game has teh mad sweg
game-hours: 396.2
review: Counter-Strike  , -     ! Counter-Strike  , -        !( Counter-Strike  , -  8   . Counter-Strike  , -    30    ,        . Counter-Strike  , -         ,      . Counter-Strike  , -    ,   . Counter-Strike  , -       ,   2 . Couter-Strike  , -    40 . Counter-Strike  , -    !. Counter-Strike  , - ,-   ! Counter-Strike  , -Ruska !   Counter-Strike! 10/10
game-hours: 142.1
review: Global offensive is beyond a doubt a throwback to the old school shooters that don't seem to get made anymore. There are no vehicles, and no cover mechanic. You can't bring up iron sights or modify your weapon beyond useless (but colorful) skins. Weapons have a semi predictable spread rather than just going where you aim, etc. These are not neccessarily selling points but they do strongly differentiate CS:GO from other FPS's around today. In fact, GO doesn't really excell at anything when it comes to gameplay except one, singular, but very important thing. Competitive mathcmaking. No other fps has the level of rated competitive play nor the ease of match making. In this respect CS:GO is miles beyond any other game in it's genre. This is the game where your team is what wins, not your personal KDR. Where winning matters because you're not playing complete randoms, you're playing people at your own skill level to see who advances. Compared to modern shooters, this game is ugly, clumsy, lacking content, and overyl simple. It just also happens to be the best competitive FPS in existence.
game-hours: 1602.8
review: best game i've ever played!!!
game-hours: 284.3
review: Addicting game that combines : fun , gaining money(and losing 2x more than you gained) and playing with your friends.
game-hours: 1009.0
review: cant see your feet not realistic 10/10
game-hours: 557.0
review: Despite it's age, CSGO seems to be getting more and more popular! It's easy to see why though, it's a solid FPS with great gun controls ("COD kids" will be put off when they realise they can't spray n pray). It offers lots of modes to ease you in, so you dont have to jump straight in to the "competitive" matches. Team DeathMatch, Gun Game, Demolition and community servers are all available to let you get used to the game. The game also has cases that contains new skins, they dont do anything to your gun other than change it's look, but some of them can be worth a lot of money (Certain knives can be sold for around 200) if you're lucky enough to get 1. Be warned though, a key to a case is 1.59, and unlocking a knife is like winning the lottery! The only bad thing about the game is the amount of hackers/trolls. Lots of matches have been spoiled by someone obviously cheating, or a troll just out to annoy others...
game-hours: 22.6
review: No quick scope 8/10
game-hours: 55.3
review: Solid Game.
game-hours: 249.4
review: ok a friend said i should try this game, best discision of my life. i prefer shooters but most shooters are all out warfare, this game is something else: you acctualy need to be good. WARNING: when you just start playing you probably will think it's  cuz it's a little bit harder, but you will get the hang of it when you play a bit longer.
game-hours: 1875.0
review: This game is kinda like playing with yourself. Its amazing but you feel disgusting right after your finished.
game-hours: 1073.4
review: Love it <3
game-hours: 1718.8
review: COUNTER STRIKE: GLOBAL OFFENSIVE REVIEW PROS: 1. The Matchmaking System. It teams you up with 4 other people to play against 5 other people, after 10 match wins you get a rank. 2. Skins. This is a hard one, because the skins are only aesthetics and some people see the skins as a bad thing. I however, see it as a pretty good thing. CONS: 1. Cheaters. Cheaters, also known as hackers, have been a big problem in all the Counter Strike games. All in all, I can certainly recommend this game. 9.5/10
game-hours: 1555.0
review: Funny :D
game-hours: 475.5
review: veddy gud, da. 10/10 wud plant bomb again
game-hours: 902.8
review: 10/10 best racing sim since Minecraft.
game-hours: 554.6
review: kaman
game-hours: 660.6
review: 5/5
game-hours: 1404.9
review: matchaxmaking
game-hours: 200.9
review: this is good game
game-hours: 9.8
review: Cool game
game-hours: 294.8
review: CS:GO is a good game :P <3
game-hours: 1070.6
review: I'm a game addict, and CS:GO is my drug of choice. The many variables, players, maps, T or CT-side, weapons, budget, make that every game is different. Never gets old.
game-hours: 229.4
review: Good Game, very fun, Different playstyles
game-hours: 1160.1
review: 100% Must play
game-hours: 368.9
review: One of the best games on Steam right now, I have over 300 hours of game play. Competitve mode is addictive as you want to try and rank yourself up, it is at the same time challenging as you can be playing one game that is easy then next game you could be against a bunch of "veterans" that give you a good match. Really worth the money. 10/10
game-hours: 1014.9
review: Good.)
game-hours: 25.3
review: Cuz Gaben 11/10 - Would Gaben Again
game-hours: 478.9
review: Couter-strike global offensive is a very smart game. It's a game that's too smart to just say "Hey, here's a gun, go send some guys to hell..." It's a game that tells you that but also tells you "And those guys are all smarter, stronger, better and everything you can imagine than you". It's a game that keeps you on your toes every minute your playing it. Counter-strike is a series of games that have a HUGE community. Who never spent days, months, years playing CS 1.6? It has some very talented players playing it and if you're not prepared for it, your gonna get stomped by them. You're probably going to spend a lot of hours in the spectator mode, but you know what? That's just fine. It's going to be hard, it's going to be frustrating, but that's the fun! Learning from your mistakes is fun and after a lot of practice, your going to love this game. After all that time, your going to realise why this is such a popular game.
game-hours: 367.6
review: Really great game. Diffrent from CSS though, and have diffrent physics, once you get used to it you can enjoy it to its full extent.
game-hours: 495.4
review: This is a very good game, also it is very community friendly; If you want a good game you should get this. (Hope you enjoy) -Panda
game-hours: 342.6
review: This game enhances your nerves. You get into matchmaking with all kind of russians with 200 ping.
game-hours: 137.3
review: :)
game-hours: 836.3
review: Counter Strike : Global Offensive is one hell of a game. It has one of the biggest communities of all time and it has more gain its reputation in e-sports. One day you may be the next pro. You never know. give it a whirl and see if your good. (If your good you'll be a god in Call of Duty. Although you may have a hard time with strategy sinnce there is no such thing in CoD.) Anways have fun with the community and steer away from them hackers and smurfs. -DjDrayen
game-hours: 1030.0
review: This game is a awesome First Person Shooter
game-hours: 707.1
review: Love this game <3
game-hours: 1087.3
review: 5/5
game-hours: 285.6
review: Call of Duty players are not for this game.
game-hours: 855.6
review: makes you feel like you just suck at everything there is in life and that everyone else is better than you at everything. 10/10
game-hours: 653.2
review: First of all if your a CoD player get as far away from this game as you can because not even your trick shots or stupid looking guns can get anywhere near this beast of a game. Ok so I had put some money into my account for the steam sale when I came across this beautiful gal for $10.00. After getting rekt by bots I was instantly hooked by the sophisticated master of warfare that was on my screen. 300 hours later I am still a noob stuck at silver 4 but oh god is it worth it. Even if the game jumps to $60.00 its still cheaper than an once of crack and almost twice as addicting. Disclaimer: only for patient non-squeakers with an I.Q. greater than 75. 11/10 play or delete your steam.
game-hours: 291.7
review: Best gambling simulator ever. 10/10
game-hours: 978.1
review: i love this game
game-hours: 1051.6
review: g
game-hours: 244.4
review: These Game Is Much More Fun Than Cs 1.6 Been Playing 1.6 For A Bit Before And These Is Soo Much More Fun
game-hours: 286.3
review: I got shot by my teammate, didn't get cooldown. I shot him back, got 7 days cooldown.  in made game.
game-hours: 446.0
review: Pros - Good Graphics - Good Gameplay - CHICKENZZZ - Requires Skill ( Not like COD (Children online daycare) ) - You can learn russian launguage Cons - Rank System is the worst - I Hear this russians 8/10 is gud
game-hours: 358.6
review: Great Game
game-hours: 1382.1
review: Best game ever!! 10/10
game-hours: 749.0
review: Love this game so fun to play!!
game-hours: 206.9
review: In this game you must speak russian to understand your teammates otherwise you're basicly the black sheep amongst them :)
game-hours: 1099.2
review: ...<3 CS:GO
game-hours: 765.8
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 541.0
review: this game is pretty dank
game-hours: 381.0
review: <headshots>
game-hours: 65.8
review: My opinion on CS: GO When I looked at Counter Strike: GO's page I was not that intrested, It looked alot like CoD I had alot of 'bad' happen to me things like hackers, cheaters, people that troll and a hacker resetted all my stats and more, so looking at this game I was'nt really intrested but when steam decided to put it down to $6 (I think) from $15 I then wanted to get it not doing any homework on this game I guess you could say I 'YOLO' ed so I got it and... WOW its awesome love the consept torrists (T) plant the bomb counter torrists (CT) have to defuse it seems simple but fun if you like TF2 then I highly recomend getting this game because like TF2 you can get your own weapons and rare ones too, its so content when you got your first rare weapon and you want to check it out right away I love this game. my rating: 8/10 could do with a controler setting could do with a match making option so I dont get pwned by pros
game-hours: 271.7
review: Insanely fun, definitely worth the (very low) price - slightly difficult to get into, but much easier to get used to than the older CS games.
game-hours: 2158.9
review: pew pew pew
game-hours: 2070.5
review: !!!
game-hours: 1092.5
review: Awesome game, 10/10
game-hours: 594.6
review: DO NOT buy this game if you have a bad internet my internet has cut out a couple of times during comprtitive and im banned for a wekk unfair banning especially when most people hack and reporting them does nothing
game-hours: 904.1
review: loving it :p <3
game-hours: 951.5
review: A really good game. I've spent a few hundred hours of my life on this game and would do it again! But hours is not the only thing I've spent on this game, no I've dropped money into this game to get keys to open cases in the hope that maybe, just maybe Lord Gaben might give me a Karambit or a M9 Bayonet.
game-hours: 12.2
review: It's pretty darn awesome. Really. Also, it goes about 75% off in every sale. Don't ask me why though.
game-hours: 815.0
review: This game is fun!
game-hours: 642.2
review: ONE OF THE BEST FPS GAMES
game-hours: 976.5
review: Great Game so much better than Source
game-hours: 961.0
review: Awesome waste of time!
game-hours: 407.8
review: Krzysiu nie potrafi w to gra.
game-hours: 517.8
review: This is a good game :>
game-hours: 1147.1
review: This game is easily my favorite game right now. The amount of teamwork needed to do well is really astounding, and it's really fun. I'd recommend this game to anyone.
game-hours: 977.2
review: Such game.
game-hours: 1768.6
review: Nice game love it
game-hours: 36.7
review: 10/10 -ign it was alright
game-hours: 2544.2
review: It sucks.
game-hours: 1641.7
review: Its a game.
game-hours: 229.4
review: gr8 maan
game-hours: 92.6
review: buy it
game-hours: 31.3
review: Chickens/10
game-hours: 588.2
review: The community is trash, the addition of skins reminds me of tf2 and playing on Dust II literally every other time gives me a headache but i still keep coming back so valve is doing something right. 9/10 its ok.
game-hours: 836.2
review: A bit of a mixed review- Its a great game no doubt! If your already ranked in competitive! If your new to the game beware of the 2 win 24 Hour CoolDown, Until you get 10 Wins. & the In general cooldown system is a bit off. Other than those this is a great game!
game-hours: 971.5
review: If you like to rage.
game-hours: 357.4
review: Dont Get Me F*cking starterd about this game it is one of my favourite games ever it is so adicting and fun just go CSGO if you dont like well you can suck my balls
game-hours: 828.5
review: Good Game you should play it if you have it, you should get it if you dont !
game-hours: 890.3
review: Been playing the Counter Strike series by Valve for about 10 years now, pretty great series imo. Definitely better than Call of Doodoo, Halo and Battlefield 10/10 would buy.
game-hours: 1048.4
review: 11/10 Shot a CT with a deagle, landed on its head. Swag.
game-hours: 292.1
review: better than cod battlefield, worse than old cs
game-hours: 1128.3
review: le fun, XD XD XD trol trol
game-hours: 890.3
review: this game is not fun it is double plus fun
game-hours: 950.4
review: Awesome game...if you want a classic shooter, "Counter Strike" is the right choice.
game-hours: 574.5
review: Totally Addictive.. a must play FPS
game-hours: 382.2
review: Easy-Peasy Lemon Squeezy!
game-hours: 431.2
review: Awesome game, love it, can't stop playing.
game-hours: 15.5
review: This game is better then sex
game-hours: 95.5
review: Pillar of Community
game-hours: 1050.4
review: Sick game mates. get it now
game-hours: 191.7
review: best game
game-hours: 765.4
review: No its like Call of doods, just without aiming xD
game-hours: 468.0
review: govno
game-hours: 353.2
review: wasted some hours on this game
game-hours: 244.4
review: The best games
game-hours: 551.8
review: Much pew pew. Much rage
game-hours: 625.4
review: Personally, Counter Strike is one of the most outstanding FPS (First-Person Shooter) franchise to be established. They deliver so many things that has increased the fans over the years. It is also welcoming to new players all around. To that, I recommend the game, with a sick gameplay and awesome content.
game-hours: 465.0
review: Such a great game!!! I bought this to get away from moba games and dammm this game was a great choice
game-hours: 3178.1
review: Great game and love the skins! Just a wonderful experience!
game-hours: 1422.4
review: Fricken epic fun game and if you dont have it you suck
game-hours: 590.5
review: Still a better love story than Twilight.
game-hours: 949.1
review: skins,skins,skins,boxes,boxes,skins,boxes,skins,skins,boxes,keys,skins,skins,KNIFES,boxes!!!!!!
game-hours: 330.6
review: Loads of fun and simple to get into. The skill learning curve is pleasant and rewarding, but as they say, practise pays off with this one.
game-hours: 1157.6
review: nice game....remind me of my old skool memory playing CS at CC with friend while not going to school
game-hours: 82.5
review: Simply addictive!
game-hours: 848.0
review: skambug spel!
game-hours: 722.2
review: You shoot things.
game-hours: 638.8
review: u shoot hen 10/10
game-hours: 1094.5
review: One of the greatest games I have ever played, It is so enjoyable. You can play casually and mess about, or go into competitive and concentrate.
game-hours: 1264.2
review: BEST GAME EVAAA!!!!!!!
game-hours: 357.0
review: I get banned weekly for 7 days for having  internet. 10/7
game-hours: 589.2
review: Rellay Nice Game +rep
game-hours: 372.4
review: One second u be gettin lyke 42091804710428 killz and da other second u r pretty much just an afk. Den team hates on u and u clutch. Team is happy. U den kille with auto shotty and iz called a noob. U den kill half the team with a weak boner rifle. U r now officially an mlg pro. U den go 2 da auto snipre and kill entire team and u r  fggt. U clutch with auto snipre, u no longre r  fggt. U try 2 talk and u get that one guy who thinks  is a good insult and says "shut up !" rule r play competetive and dis r not be big problem. Be c4r3fu1 playin casual cuz der be thoze guyz who r lyke, "u suck m8 go drink some boner sauce!" Yes competetivez is nicer but roundz taek 4ever if u want 2 enjoy life just hit da casual. Game r 16/10 CT wins again.
game-hours: 1350.0
review: According the years, this game will always be the best playable game ever.
game-hours: 813.8
review: Dank Game.
game-hours: 930.4
review: BLYAT
game-hours: 880.6
review: bewm bewm yaaa
game-hours: 42.2
review: Cheats cheats cheats. But lets pretend we're good while doing it because people will really believe that.
game-hours: 300.4
review: Best Counter-Strike game in the history!
game-hours: 1283.3
review: Very good game, infectious ...
game-hours: 943.0
review: Get on notice some weeaboos play some more and find all the dank meme's 10/10 would anime
game-hours: 1879.1
review: Day one eh it's alright kinda weird Few weeks in learning the mechanics thinking some are broken Few months now you start to feel like very other game is sloppy / broken / needs the mechanics hits a thousand hours - most idle but god damn this game will consume you while hate it the glory of victory is too great and you can never get the same rush as you do in this more often than not this game requires skill over luck which is great. Still has it's issues I understand the desert eagles accuracy as in the older games it was ungodly but what it does need is a damage buff as it does effectively shoot sniper bullets so it should be slightly weeker than a scout - ssg 08 has the scope/accuracy and slight damage advantage whilst the deagle could be fired faster at close range and is cheaper also crouch accuracy isn't as good as it was early csgo they should buff that slightly as you can be crouching perfect shot (64 tick server) and it will be off at anything past mid range... I highly recommend this game but at the same time the amount of  you become aware of will make it irritable to play this game and any other shooter. Basically partaketh the fruit. Best shooter but once you get good, look into better than valve's free servers.
game-hours: 1030.8
review: I suck really bad at this game
game-hours: 1200.6
review: the best !
game-hours: 1262.4
review: good game
game-hours: 1260.5
review: I would first like to say.. Good game and nice for 9 year olds to have a knife which they bought with their mothers paypal. Also, I dont recommend opening crates! You get sh*t.
game-hours: 688.8
review: its good but it will make u rage like no other, especially when your FKN playing solo que
game-hours: 899.5
review: Get called a "Smurf" and/or a hacker by little kids whenever you play a good game. ~ 10/10 JetPlane approved.
game-hours: 410.1
review: I love this game it's really fun and amusing.Just one thing that sucks about this game is the really annoying/bad community
game-hours: 44.2
review: I am best player in wood 6 - 11/69
game-hours: 289.5
review: goot
game-hours: 1095.2
review: Nice:D
game-hours: 1385.9
review: Community is composed of 99% Russians, 1% of normal people and 20% of stupid people who can't even count. Best game.
game-hours: 375.3
review: top kek
game-hours: 615.0
review: You Haven't Played Cs Go ???? You Does Not Deserve To live ....Die
game-hours: 60.6
review: IT IS ADDICTING AS HELL. I KNOW RUSSIAN NOW.
game-hours: 1190.5
review: Just best first person shooter. COUNTER STRIKE FOREVER!
game-hours: 964.5
review: Super Game!
game-hours: 660.7
review: Ahem, allow me to begin this review with a bang. *BANG* That is one thing you will hear a lot in Counter-Strike, mainly because you're blowing your own brains out in real life because of randomers on matchmaking calling you a "noob team" and saying "wtf noob". But I've talked about one of the bad things, let's talk about a good thing, the guns go badaboom, pow pow, bim bam ding. Overall, I'd say this game was 5/5 codpiece laces and I'd highly recommend calling your team mates codpieces for comedic effect.
game-hours: 28.7
review: This game is definatley teh best in the series but only just. Source had a much better community the amount of times ive lost a round in competitive and ive had multiple 8 year olds demanding I uninstall the game. But its alright cause the next round i'll run in his molotov and get him a 7 day cooldown while saying  u sunni Jim. And then the endless arguments about the Auto Noob on the other team and "ECO YOU BELL END WHY DID U BUY PP-BIZON!" But its all alright because I got a skin and people compliment me on it from time to time even though they really dont give a  they just like to appear friendly then turn when you buy on 2nd round. So if you enjoy shooting terrorists or people with mushromm caps on their heads and laughing hystericly when you get someone banned cause they left or you ran in their molotov ( Which is great btw ) this game is for you better CSGO and get it.
game-hours: 888.9
review: bets games ever 100% reccomend
game-hours: 1640.1
review: worth playing
game-hours: 926.1
review: best
game-hours: 1729.3
review: awesome
game-hours: 2009.4
review: 10/10 best way to collect expensive pixels.
game-hours: 1210.1
review: 9/10 best cs so far from the other cs series... ^v^
game-hours: 684.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 353.8
review: Very nice game
game-hours: 810.4
review: a
game-hours: 455.9
review: This is such a fun game. I always play with my friends and it's tottaly worth the money.
game-hours: 614.9
review: i want to touch myself with a karambit
game-hours: 540.7
review: Best game 4 ever
game-hours: 927.6
review: Probably my favourite game except for when you go away for a week you pretty much lose all your skills and have to regain them but it has a great community as long as you don't play in a team because if you do they talk  and call you gay and  but its a really fun game to play especially when u just block them so they cant say shot Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 1111.3
review: Awesome game hard to master, I recomended this game to dedicaded players 10/10
game-hours: 204.1
review: Just started playing and trading love it already.
game-hours: 883.8
review: knifed a chicken i r8 8/8 m8
game-hours: 870.8
review: hemmetin huono peli
game-hours: 1194.7
review: Very fun and entertaining game. I like being called a  and noob by global elites. I also like wasting money on buying skins and cases. I reccomend you buy this if you don't have it!
game-hours: 391.2
review: SUGOI
game-hours: 304.4
review: gg
game-hours: 308.1
review: 10/10  1.6, go to hell source, GO is the king now!
game-hours: 185.0
review: Yes this game is so much fun and you should buy it!
game-hours: 383.3
review: its ok
game-hours: 252.0
review: Best FPS
game-hours: 0.6
review: game keren FPS :D
game-hours: 503.7
review: I like the recoil in this game ty4me
game-hours: 1085.0
review: Rage Simulator-2783 7000/69 would nade again.
game-hours: 188.3
review: Great Game if you like screaming kids in your team <3!
game-hours: 703.8
review: Top game for top fraggers
game-hours: 760.5
review: the best fps game of all time :D
game-hours: 80.9
review: I learned 2 quickscope in this game after Blazing 420 times :D it was awesome
game-hours: 224.9
review: Let me buy one more camo...
game-hours: 445.0
review: Has to be one of the best skillful competitive games in all of gaming history. As a kid, I loved Counter Strike 1.6 and Condition Zero. This has to be one of the best shooters out there. If you say Call of Duty is as a skillful shooter as this, you are dead wrong.
game-hours: 598.3
review: tis is a good game
game-hours: 500.6
review: Awsome!
game-hours: 56.0
review: this game made me stay home until my balls fell off
game-hours: 535.6
review: ruined my life 9/11
game-hours: 245.4
review: Good
game-hours: 436.9
review: 10/10 shot those dirty terrorists
game-hours: 2246.9
review: ...
game-hours: 885.8
review: BUY IT!
game-hours: 813.0
review: russians 10/10
game-hours: 991.9
review: Probably the most competitive game ive played.
game-hours: 473.7
review: very cool fun to play but our country  ping problem
game-hours: 607.2
review: awesome game totally recomend it
game-hours: 296.7
review: i shoot somebody 3times in the head i barely do 70 damage, then I get hit in the head once and they do 120 damage. 10/10 would bang again
game-hours: 1366.5
review: this game is really good for training ISIS fighters.
game-hours: 627.6
review: Ruined my life and Dota 2 carrier. I started to speak english and russians called me Gamburger. I started to speak russian and english called me . Started to love this game and hate it, but I still have a long way to go! Meh.. 11/10 - IGN
game-hours: 831.0
review: I prefer 'de_dust2 simulator'.
game-hours: 533.4
review: This is the best fps game on the market!
game-hours: 196.1
review: I suck a lot of  at this game.
game-hours: 15.6
review: For me it was kinda boring at first, but after giving it a longer chance, I really started to enjoy it. Definitely worth buying,
game-hours: 337.2
review: I have fully enjoyed this game. It is fun to play and slightly addicting. I would reccomend this game to everyone who has played MOBAs like League of Legends and Dota2.
game-hours: 694.1
review: fantstic game the gun macanic is beutiful in its own way and make the game unice like all the other cunterstrikes its like a shooter and a STRAGERY. in compeditive you play with your team and with aim and tactic you defeat the enemy the terrorist ! or the counter terrorist. i recommend this game fully 8/8 m8. the recoil on the weponds is also a awesome part of the game. to learn and master.
game-hours: 597.3
review: Best FPS game Ever !
game-hours: 16.9
review: better story than destiny 10/10
game-hours: 659.7
review: 10/10 would reccomend
game-hours: 89.7
review: sexiest game of generation!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 335.8
review: One of the best shooting game so far.
game-hours: 979.0
review: Very fun game
game-hours: 713.4
review: I really liked this game. It is fun to play, especially with friends and it is easy to access and understand due to a lot of guides and streams. The interface is simple and the wide range of settings allows even slow computers to have a nice game experience. I would reccommend this game to others.
game-hours: 180.9
review: I love this game it is a first person shooter and its really fun you get camos and competein competitive games and loads more its on sale now so if you want his game i eould get it NOW!!!!!!
game-hours: 366.4
review: you tell people to get on your train, little do they know, you are hitler
game-hours: 749.7
review: Great great great game. I love it!
game-hours: 1711.2
review: The aug at the moment needs to be nerfed, the fire rate is way too fast. It has a similar fire rate of a p90, but does damage like an AK. The aug and the SG, function similar idea, but the AUG is overly stronger than the SG. I would like to disable the BGM in the main menu, but not in the game. The grenades do not bounce off as if they would do in real life, I would liked to have the physics module from CS:S into CS:GO. Also, I want realistics physics that exists in CS:S and not CS:GO. In CS:GO, shooting a barrel is like shooting a wall, it doesn't move when shot. Also, the grenades don't bounce correctly. I extremely dislike the "invisible walls" that block the most obvious spots. Trying to jump onto a ledge but blocked by invisible walls, is just plain "idiotic." To further comment, the updates are specifically designed to affect Comp matches, and less about casual servers. I wish that the updates don't affect too much or if possibly different option for casual servers. Like 20/40 magazine in a M4A1-s, is tactically sound in a comp match, but definitely not made for 32 man server. Other thing, CSGO DOES NOT UPDATE THEIR CLIENT RELEASE INFO MEANING THERE IS NO UPDATE LOGS... so when there is an update, dont expect to find out what was the update about. This frustrates so much, because it takes like 2-3 weeks to figure out the update. this is why csgo is freaking ret4rded when it comes down to "NOTIFYING USERS OF UPDATE LOGS." CS:GO's attempt to "nerf/buff" weapons ruin gameplay drastically... One moment when you are used to it, the next day it is completely different game... That is exactly how StarCraft 2, is dying. CS:GO is currently on the exact path as that game as well. The game will start to die, when you change too many things too quickly. Ruining the p250 (1/9/15), from 5 mags to 3 mags, completely BS. Makes no sense. No one is going to use the p250, just like the CZ75
game-hours: 48.4
review: pretty good game off all time
game-hours: 1083.5
review: The best game in the world
game-hours: 172.0
review: That's a GG right there.
game-hours: 730.9
review: well.... i like the game but... the hip fier and hit amaunt is avful
game-hours: 469.2
review: Best banning simulator.
game-hours: 751.6
review: this game is nothing like goat simulator 2014, but i still like it.
game-hours: 688.7
review: Even though I have a tough time confessing that a game might be better than Counter-Strike (1.6). If there's one game I would say goes beyond 1.6, its Global Offensive. Condition Zero and Source was bad as  for a real 1.6 player. CS:GO takes it to the next level.
game-hours: 21.9
review: there are chickens 10/10
game-hours: 406.2
review: I am hakon n i love this game hahahah look at my homosexual helmet :D I am riding a horse :D
game-hours: 477.5
review: Best skin simulator. 10/10
game-hours: 345.9
review: best game ever buy it or gaben will kill u
game-hours: 322.7
review: I have a love hate relationship with this game, as do most people :P
game-hours: 142.1
review: It's a cool game for those, who love cs.
game-hours: 556.5
review: good
game-hours: 415.3
review: *Just get's unbanned after 7 days* *Joins game* *Four russians kick you* Another 7 days of being banned.
game-hours: 644.5
review: Sik game bruv 420/69 -11/10 IGN Good
game-hours: 137.3
review: :)
game-hours: 836.3
review: Counter Strike : Global Offensive is one hell of a game. It has one of the biggest communities of all time and it has more gain its reputation in e-sports. One day you may be the next pro. You never know. give it a whirl and see if your good. (If your good you'll be a god in Call of Duty. Although you may have a hard time with strategy sinnce there is no such thing in CoD.) Anways have fun with the community and steer away from them hackers and smurfs. -DjDrayen
game-hours: 1030.0
review: This game is a awesome First Person Shooter
game-hours: 707.1
review: Love this game <3
game-hours: 1087.3
review: 5/5
game-hours: 488.6
review: Hard to get in to but it is deep and worth the time if you have it!!
game-hours: 162.8
review: Pew pew
game-hours: 1530.7
review: Super Sick game. Love the engine this game is running on. Only real problem i find with this game is via the competitive match making side. They need to work on it abit. But otherwise super fun game. Some kiff skins aswell. #Definitely a must have.
game-hours: 510.9
review: fun, just dont do drugs kids
game-hours: 311.9
review: This, is one of those games, that were created many a year ago, that still remain dear to us all, i would like to thoroughly recommend this hacker, 12 year old infested milenial master piece to everyone. "Last man of my team | Running around the corner | I die reloading." " Silent as the wind | My enemies unaware | Chickens everywhere."
game-hours: 179.0
review: Love this action multiplayer game!!!
game-hours: 748.8
review: bloody good game buy it NOW!!!!
game-hours: 31.6
review: It's as addicting as heck, has a learning curve for you to keep playing, and skins everywhere. Only problem is that my irl friends aren't playing it now. Hopefully this review helps.
game-hours: 9.0
review: immedietly died at the beginning of the round. 10/10
game-hours: 362.9
review: Good game. So buy it and enjoy :)
game-hours: 609.9
review: Great game eats all of your money <3 :)
game-hours: 672.9
review: Very good game!!!
game-hours: 3235.5
review: da best
game-hours: 553.8
review: AMAZING
game-hours: 853.3
review: 10/10
game-hours: 61.2
review: I only really play competitive machmaking now, the rush of being the last man on your team and trying to find the bomb to defuse is something you cant experience in any other game 10/10 would reccomend.
game-hours: 370.5
review: khatere
game-hours: 701.8
review: lets go baesket!!!!!! shoot capitalist swine <3
game-hours: 445.3
review: najs men najs najs
game-hours: 2626.5
review: bra spel :)
game-hours: 419.6
review: good game
game-hours: 454.2
review: CS:GO is a competitive FPS with a high-skill ceiling and rewarding play. The amount of time and fun you can get out of this game for the price is extremely worth it.
game-hours: 23.4
review: cool game to make money lol
game-hours: 160.5
review: 8/8 m8 8====D
game-hours: 286.7
review: Step 1: Play game Step 2: Get skins Step 3: ???? Step 4: PROFIT!!!!
game-hours: 878.3
review: Awesome game, its got a good community and great gameplay definatly worth the buy for anyone who loves a challenging fps with a great emphasis on teamwork.
game-hours: 770.3
review: This game makes me rage so hard, someday i might kill someone.
game-hours: 812.0
review: Destroyed my life. 10/10
game-hours: 1565.5
review: Who needs fish AI when you have CHICKENS!! :D!! 10/10
game-hours: 59.8
review: Is don is good.
game-hours: 342.6
review: I killed 2 people on my team to kill an enemy. Team kicks the guy who is alive with me. Team continues to kick eachother. 2 of us left I vote to kick teammate. Instant pass as i stab him in back. I get kicked too. 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 243.0
review: One of the best fps shooters I've ever played!
game-hours: 74.0
review: One of the best FPS's out there.
game-hours: 1052.8
review: This is #1 best team game
game-hours: 228.6
review: Brilliant game, way better than any CoD games, a must-play!
game-hours: 100.1
review: I think I am 13 years late to the party, and I missed some epic stuff. Well, its better late then never. GO GO GO
game-hours: 407.2
review: In diesem Spiel muss man die ledder climben und das den ganzen Tag,jeden Tag,so viel ich mag,ohne Quark,im Spagat,trag ich dich im Sarg...nach Prag,den ganzen Tag,...du
game-hours: 501.7
review: The game where if you have a knife skin you're considered a pro. 10/10
game-hours: 2547.3
review: A great game for almost no money at all. Buy this if you want a game worth your while. It's on sale often so if you miss a chance to get it on sale, just wait a bit till the next one.
game-hours: 491.2
review: Epic game. Totally worth buying
game-hours: 174.1
review: If I had to choose between this game and my girlfriend , I would pick this game! EDIT : I'm single now.
game-hours: 923.1
review: After a long day shooting people, fighting terrorists and defusing bombs at my day job its nice to come home and play some Counter-Strike: Global Offensive to take my mind off work. 10/10
game-hours: 54.6
review: Very recommended for FPS / Multiplayer game. > Great graphics. > More default maps and weapons than previous CS versions. > The available game modes are: deathmatch, arms race, demolition, casual, competitive. > More variation of skins for terrorist and counter-terrorist. > Lots of steam workshop maps & items.
game-hours: 748.4
review: Cool game
game-hours: 741.6
review: 10/10: best fps shooter in the market
game-hours: 373.1
review: Lacks wowmod, otherwise 9/10
game-hours: 2195.6
review: Best gaem eu :3
game-hours: 728.6
review: gaben is strong.
game-hours: 1247.5
review: PLAY !
game-hours: 506.9
review: supper game
game-hours: 231.1
review: I believe CS GO is a well produced game from the executive producer of Jay Z ft. Lebrone James. More people should play COD GO.
game-hours: 544.7
review: like
game-hours: 1380.1
review: much pew pew
game-hours: 1089.9
review: Fun game to play! :) Great game with great graphics that even a potato can run ;) I recommend everyone whos an FPS fan to buy :)
game-hours: 213.8
review: If you like to rage and shoot stuff this is your game
game-hours: 342.9
review: More realistic then call of duty
game-hours: 1405.2
review: If you buy a crate and a key then unbox it and tell your friends that you just unboxed a crate, thEY WILL ING YELL THE  OUT OF YOU AND RANT HOW YOU WASTED YOUR ING MONEY AND CONTINUE TO YELL AT YOU AND ING SAY HOW DUMB YOU ARE AND HOW YOU COULD HAVE GOTTEN A "BETTER" GUN IN THE ING MARKET WITH THAT MONEY YOU ING "WASTED" . 10/10
game-hours: 723.4
review: Just amaze balls
game-hours: 433.7
review: ..
game-hours: 315.8
review: Very good, actual decent menu and the graphics are so much better! Great fun and incredibly high skillcap.
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 929.8
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2870.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 205.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 781.6
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 1234.6
review: Very fun and addictive. It's a very fun game if you wanted more from mw3 competive wise
game-hours: 431.6
review: 10/10!
game-hours: 425.0
review: Game is good but you can find some glitches so yeah . THE LAW was here !!!
game-hours: 898.1
review: lololo
game-hours: 597.5
review: Top game!
game-hours: 705.4
review: Great game, but have in mind - hard to learn, harder to master ;-) This is not just aim and shoot ;-)
game-hours: 387.6
review: Pefect Game ...
game-hours: 282.6
review: best game ever
game-hours: 141.1
review: - My team told me to set up a ambush. - Killed entire enemy team with a shotgun, When I ambushed them. - Enemy team called me a hacker - My teammate voted to kick me - My entire team voted towords kicking me Dan/10 would be kicked for ambushing the enemy team again!
game-hours: 210.8
review: It's a very competitive game,you should buy it :D.Sure you'll enjoy it with a lot of weapon skins and crates that you can sell.
game-hours: 846.5
review: The best game EVER.
game-hours: 56.5
review: playable
game-hours: 816.6
review: elob dropolna a dota 2 dc hookot mint h ez a szar kest dobjon....gj
game-hours: 95.8
review: How to Win: 1. Buy a Negev 2. Hold Mouse 1
game-hours: 205.1
review: This is the best game I've played so far. It's not Call of Duty, it's not Battlefield, this game has own soul and that's why I like it! Gameplay is really fun, sometimes some players are annoying but most of community is nice. I give this game 9.5/10
game-hours: 1045.5
review: wow such game many recommendashuns
game-hours: 307.7
review: The only FPS u will ever need to play. Steep learning curve, highly competitive, but no .
game-hours: 637.5
review: Awesome
game-hours: 227.2
review: Nice game, recomend to all!
game-hours: 1004.0
review: good game
game-hours: 2513.0
review: good game
game-hours: 180.1
review: There's birds in this game. I really like birds. Chickens, if you want to be specific. I think the chickens are relatively balanced in the game, their clucking isn't too loud and they flock around the map in a very wonderful way. Some people say that chickens are too OP, as their squawking startles newer players and causes them to cower in complete fear. "Please nerf OP chickens!" they cry, and so chickens were given an unnecessary nerf which greatly ruined my most favourite weapon in the game. I think the biggest flaw in this game, is that there isn't chickens on all the maps. I think every map should have chickens on them, as they provide an immersive and deep strategic element to the game's standard matches, especially in Competitive mode. Another complaint is that there isn't enough variety of birds, I'd like to see different types of birds on each map, like bald eagles on every map that has SEALs on them, or turkeys on Dust maps. Overall, the game is very balanced and refines a long time tradition of celebrating the joyful wonders of avian life, even if it's only a specific type. It's only rarely in games that I see birds play such a significant role in gameplay, and it does it quite well compared to games like Far Cry 3 and Assassin's Creed. You should buy this game if you happen to love birds, as it's a very compelling, rich, and competitive experience for those who do.
game-hours: 1013.8
review: learnt Russian quicker than i ever could on Rosetta Stone. 10/10
game-hours: 308.9
review: cool
game-hours: 598.8
review: Very nice strategic game.
game-hours: 630.1
review: Well, as a 7years css gamergirl, i can say: Css is much easier to play. There are some weapons you can easily use, but some like M249, which was much easier in css (non-stop-fire you can kill more than you think :D), is very difficult. I hate the stupid request (vanguard), because its senseless. However. Its still a nice game!
game-hours: 1014.3
review: I like it
game-hours: 785.5
review: great game
game-hours: 118.1
review: This is best war game what am ever played!
game-hours: 144.5
review: 10/10 camping simulator -Ign 2014
game-hours: 24.7
review: Because Counter-Strike.
game-hours: 582.0
review: At first when the trailer came out for this game in 2012, I was saying to myself that I wouldn't be able to run this game because of the laptop I use.. But 2 years later, I proved myself wrong.... There are a bunch of features in this game which makes this game, among others, the best shooter game that I can play. With CS:GO, you can customise the gun skins to whatever you want, which allows individuality to appear within players. The maps are balanced, which means the bomb areas where you need to plant the bomb are spaced out fairly from each other. I would describe this game as an online game of team-chess, as this game requires 5 players to work together and make decisions on what to do in order to win. However, in my opinion, Valve should add ranked casual so that the newer players who aren't as experienced as the CS veterans are, can play others within the same skill level. Annoyingly, there are many hackers in the silver area (Silver 1 to Silver Elite Master), but they decrease as you go up the ranks. Overall, I would highly recommend this game to anybody and it is well worth the 11.99 (Although I got the CS complete pack for less than 9 during the Fall Sale, but nevertheless, still worth it.)
game-hours: 467.8
review: Can I say that i'm infected with this game... Skins, ninja's all in the best quality that cs ever saw... Love this game..
game-hours: 512.5
review: HATE THE UNBOXING, IT CAN SUCK MY BALLS  YOU GABEN
game-hours: 120.7
review: I am horrible at the game but it's dank I geuss. I presume the more you play the more fun it becomes.
game-hours: 300.0
review: This game and me have a love-hate relationship. Positive: 1.Great maps. 2.Workshop support WOOT. 3.Cool camos,I guess. 4.Cool weapons. 5.Amazing gameplay. 6.They're updating this game every week,implementing new stuff. Negative: Nothing really,but since the whole CS:GO camos thing,I don't feel the same way about this game... 8/10
game-hours: 7.1
review: Good game, but hard to get your head around and you will die alot
game-hours: 584.7
review: 10/10 Would die everytime for fun
game-hours: 639.6
review: I guess it's Ok
game-hours: 1173.5
review: VERY NICE GAME, BUT NOT WITH RUSSIANS
game-hours: 271.5
review: If This game was a potato it would be a good potato. but all features ripped from Hello Kitty Online. 4/20 -Volkswagen
game-hours: 82.7
review: Broke my kneecaps to the theme tune of this game. Totally worth it because I made the NHS and I can fix it.
game-hours: 279.2
review: yes
game-hours: 412.0
review: Great game. You will rage, I promise.
game-hours: 516.1
review: The superior FPS ! Very tactical and endless playtime.
game-hours: 390.9
review: This game is so fun especially if you play competitive with friends. the one downside is that if you want to get cool weapon skins you will need to spend money. Do buy this though because its a great game.
game-hours: 678.7
review: cool
game-hours: 1211.9
review: CS has always been known as the best competitive tactic fps and this latest chapter isn't different. It isn't famous as other titles which, every year, hit the market, it hasn't the best graphics nor a movie-like story mode, but it's a game only based on pure skill, and that's the only thing that matters. Forget hours playing to unlock scopes and such things, or people killing you cause of better weapons due to their higher rank. In CSGO everyone has the same possibilities (always!), no matter the rank, no matter the amount of hours played, no matter how much money you spent on it. But, in the beginning, you will need time (a lot of time) to fully understand and then improve aim, tactics, economy and teamplay. Give it time to learn, be patient and it will become the only game you'll want to play. If you are a fps enthusiast this is THE must have game!
game-hours: 101.7
review: Stronk game
game-hours: 458.8
review: GGWP
game-hours: 62.6
review: This is by far the BEST co-op teambased first person shooter I've seen in a long time, if not ever. With many team-based tactics per map, I say per map because there's over 20 maps, there's easily a strategy for any gamer who wanders upon this gem of a game. Not only are there map-based strategies, but there's also strategies that are heavily relient on which weapon you use. What's neat about the game is the weapons are accurate. A bullet to the head will result in instant death, no matter how much armor you have, or how 'powerful' persay your weapon is. That being said, bullets to the body still harm you, but depending on if you have armor, the damage may be absorbed. Along with this feature, there's guns. Duh. I say this with a smile on my face because of the main fact that there's lots and lots of guns. Pistols, Heavy, Rifles, Sub-Machine, Grenades, and Gear. All at your fingertips when you begin a round. The game does have a slight learning curve, like that of a hill. Once you get over the first 10 hours, which for me was just playing with bots and against friends, which was mainly just practice and easy for me, learning the maps and such, and the rest of the time is you destroying...udderly destroying your enemies. I myself prefer only two guns: The Nova shotty and the Desert Eagle. I use the Deagle for a long distance gun but I prefer getting up close and personal with the Nova, as I already after 2 hours of getting the StatTrak modification/skin for the Nova from the market. Skins! The game has skins for your weapons. All weapons don't look all the same. I have a Nova reskin that makes it blue. My friend has a pistol that's red. All of them are different and it makes it an overall fun game. StatTrak is a modification that makes everything even cooler. It keeps "Trak" of how many kills you've gathered with that gun specifically and puts that on a counter on the side of the gun, which you can see by holding down F. It's an awesome feature and this game is by far the best co-op shooters I know of. I know after reading reviews that this is redundant but it is the truth! The short version: Pros: Great Graphics Great Sound Awesome Community! Cons: There's a limit to how many competitive matches you can do in a day. Right now I'm restricted to 2 wins a day. 9/10, Thanks Gaben.
game-hours: 225.3
review: You get to shoot chickens 10/10
game-hours: 467.1
review: great game 10/10 m8
game-hours: 861.3
review: .
game-hours: 14.9
review: i r8 8/8 m8 its gr8
game-hours: 339.1
review: 10/10 you can shoot chicken and beat feminism
game-hours: 62.2
review: i like it
game-hours: 323.6
review: This game is dope
game-hours: 312.4
review: this game will ruin your life and make you broke the end
game-hours: 49.9
review: Fun.
game-hours: 24.1
review: A trading simulator in which knives are worth more than actual knives - 11/10 Will buy knife again
game-hours: 976.0
review: gd Game
game-hours: 453.2
review: Volvo plz nerf Pro-90 IGN/10 Obv. Minecraft ripoff
game-hours: 465.0
review: Once you get into the game, get a few good skins, you'll be stuck to the game. There is lots of annoying 9 year olds, though. 8/10
game-hours: 550.0
review: Best game
game-hours: 717.1
review: you MUST buy it
game-hours: 689.9
review: Great successor of the original Counter-Strike. Matchmaking, competetive match system and rebalance are only making this game better. I strongly recommend to purchase this game - it is worth it.
game-hours: 190.8
review: It is in you're interest to NOT download this game! It will take productive hours away from your life that you will never be able to get back again. It's too late for me - save yourself before it's too late. I could have learnt a language, travelled the world, found a purpose in life in the hours I have played this. Epic online game. In all seriousness - do not download.
game-hours: 1290.8
review: a very good game and glad i bought it twice
game-hours: 654.8
review: so many SKIINS...must have them all
game-hours: 2443.0
review: The only way ive been scammed and enjoyed it 13/10 Would play again just have to wait 7 days Easily compared to fapping with sandpaper -No technique -It hurts at first -You get used to it -Then you perish -The cycle continues 69/10 would fap again DAMMIT would play again sorry
game-hours: 394.6
review: I like the chickens I think it should only be about the chickens.
game-hours: 414.8
review: It's a very good game, even though you might queue up with some negative people. The only bad thing is some of the servers, the ping is sometimes really.. Special.
game-hours: 740.9
review: Great Game with Best Graphic Results. BC Game hai bari
game-hours: 964.2
review: :):):)
game-hours: 1086.2
review: Remove Skins and Operations Those things Ruined the game. Make a server for only russians and i will play this game again.
game-hours: 183.2
review: ,  .        .     .
game-hours: 1285.0
review: its goooooooooooooooood
game-hours: 816.8
review: Yes
game-hours: 1208.9
review: 10/10 would tap
game-hours: 285.2
review: Made me incredibly antisocial. 10/10.
game-hours: 510.5
review: This is by far the best game I have ever played.
game-hours: 279.1
review: guns
game-hours: 664.3
review: Very simply, this game is rewarding in the best of ways. Losing is simply a lesson on new tactics to employ in future games. Winning is glorious and hard fought almost every time.
game-hours: 1718.0
review: its in great
game-hours: 1502.9
review: im a freak awper
game-hours: 488.6
review: The game is for the casual or hardcore player, with Casual lobbys for guy's how are looking to blow off some steam and then the Competitive for the hardcore gamer to showoff his moves and teamwork.
game-hours: 337.7
review: This game is incredible! The gameplay is fast paced yet tactical. The competitive mode is balance very well and each round plays so well that every win feels incredible and every loss feels crushing. If you're looking throught the reviews wondering whether you should buy the game or not, you definetly should! Alternative review: KKKNNNIIIIIIEEEEEVVVVVVVVV!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 461.0
review: its the most epic game that i played I really like the compitition in this game and the skins to change the look of the guns EPIC
game-hours: 743.0
review: Nice
game-hours: 587.0
review: spurdo
game-hours: 220.2
review: i love this game, there is no reason to say source is better
game-hours: 743.2
review: Yes, get dis
game-hours: 1300.9
review: 10/10 great game great game great game great game great game great game great game great game great game
game-hours: 748.2
review: Amazing
game-hours: 698.6
review: best game :D 10/10
game-hours: 245.3
review: Better than Call of Duty
game-hours: 809.1
review: 9/10 "Best FPS game I've ever seen in my life" - Lukas "mist" Mistificate
game-hours: 897.3
review: The improved version of Counter-Strike.
game-hours: 149.5
review: Counter Strike: Global Offensive is an absolutely essential multiplayer experience. The gameplay has been refined to near perfection. The gun play is unparalleled and the complexity of this games competitive mode is staggering given how simple the games premise is. Throw on top all of this a compelling market place where people earn, buy, sell and trade unique skins, stickers, keys and the like and you have got a recipe for pure addiction. I give Counter Strike: Global Offensive my highest praises and I hope to see future iterations continue the level of dedication and quality that is present in this online delight.
game-hours: 634.5
review: One of the best games i have ever played
game-hours: 358.5
review: I personally think. never mind, just buy this work of beauty.
game-hours: 860.6
review: It's alright but couldn't really get into it
game-hours: 396.8
review: This game is by far the best cs i've ever played.
game-hours: 479.6
review: Start a match and keep being headshot by other and calling me a noob, , stupid etc... But after 100h+ of gameplay I start giving headshot and the other start calling me hacker, aimbot/ wallhack or even being kicked by community server. Overall this is a 10/10 FPS Game of all TIME! As u can pissed other players or being pissed XD #Great Fun.
game-hours: 870.4
review: .
game-hours: 784.7
review: Spawned at round start, killed by my own teammate. Would die again 10/10
game-hours: 643.0
review: Nice game
game-hours: 248.7
review: found lonely singles in my area 10/10
game-hours: 104.8
review: shooter simulator
game-hours: 229.6
review: i really enjoy cs go it is one of my favorite games i love unlike the xbox 360 version you can get cool weapon skins and diffrent kinds of knives you can open cases i really recommend this game to everybody
game-hours: 874.8
review: yes
game-hours: 211.4
review: Toxic community, lots of kids threatening to engage in sexual relations with my mother. 10/10
game-hours: 2848.5
review: 5/5 would lose my social life again!
game-hours: 8.3
review: Learned fluent russian in 30 minutes. 10/10 would
game-hours: 512.1
review: !  , ! (,  )
game-hours: 343.9
review: I LOVE THIS GAME AND WOULD DEMAND FOR IT FOR FREE AS MY ACCOUNT HAS GOTTEN HACKED AND I DO NOT CERTAINLEY DESERVE THAT SO I MUST DEMAND THAT I GET THIS GAME OR ELSE I WILL GIVE YOU GUYS THE WORST EXPERIENCE OF YOUR LIVES
game-hours: 336.3
review: <3 this game.
game-hours: 677.2
review: You'll waste away playing this game. Even thougn you are trash, you'll keep playing.
game-hours: 275.1
review: Love this Game, Apart from the Banning System and Not Seeing Chat and Hearing Voice On Over Watch, No FLaws :D This Is better Than Cod and Is Worth The Money. I have Spen $100 In Game and Have all the Counter Strikes on Steam 10/10
game-hours: 4.1
review: dis game vedy good. much grafic much fun, much wow. Grandkidz and Me play vedy good, play long time. vedy loud good booom booom basss. Make house fall down, wife hate me, I play so much. Dis game ruin my life, 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 997.6
review: its okay
game-hours: 373.2
review: What the  did you just ing say about me, you little ? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and Im the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the  out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my ing words. You think you can get away with saying that  to me over the Internet? Think again, er. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre ing dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and thats just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable  off the face of the continent, you little . If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your ing tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the price, you  idiot. I will  fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre ing dead, kiddo.
game-hours: 1635.5
review: Great Banter M8
game-hours: 589.4
review: best fps.
game-hours: 307.3
review: only counter terrorist ! a lot of campers will kill you from behind.....
game-hours: 183.9
review: This game stole my life <3
game-hours: 39.0
review: Russia simulator. 10/10-IGN
game-hours: 690.5
review: meow!!
game-hours: 351.7
review: Amazing First Person Shooter and easy to run for people who want to get into pc gaming!
game-hours: 139.9
review: ,    ...
game-hours: 1777.4
review: Been playin CS since 1.5 ish... Can honestly say it has Some back to the roots Gameplay/Maps. With Much better Graphics. Old School 5 on 5 scrims/Competitive games take more than just skills. Teamwork as well. Not the Run and Gun COD style. (unless ya p90..) Over all. Best FPS Game i've played. And Am still playin. Thank you for Child Proofing. Hackers will happen of course. But that wont ruin it for those who've been a fan 12 or so years ago. (CS source CS condition Zero.. never played much because i felt they changed too much of my ole cs.) So here we are with GO. And i have accepted it. Loved it. Not a Game for the weak and fragile. It'll be tough. one of those games you see people walkin around with 600+ hours. FOR A REASON. 10/10
game-hours: 416.3
review: GOOOD AS HELL!!! :D
game-hours: 804.3
review: Humans are greedy no matter what you do or what you say you will play this game to rank up! 10/10
game-hours: 939.2
review: Great game! Addicting and fun. So far no real cons!
game-hours: 240.5
review: Best shooting game so far. 80000X better than  call of duty.
game-hours: 123.8
review: Great skill-based competive game, most maps are well balanced, very fun. Has a new competitive matchmaking system which lets you play against people of similar skill level.
game-hours: 444.8
review: This game is quite cute. You shoot people sometimes. 99% of the time your bullets won't go where you are aiming, but that's ok. I still love this game. If you are the type of person who enjoys gambling way too much, don't start opening any weapon cases. You will become addicted. I can't think of much else to say. GGWP.
game-hours: 668.5
review: Best cs game ever <3<3
game-hours: 1144.6
review: Very awesome 1st person shooter! I've been playing CS for awhile and this is by far the best addition to the series! If you're a beginner and just starting out with this shooter game, don't get frustrated and quit without giving it at least 30 game time hours. Start out in Team DM because you will have many chances to kill someone, as opposed to Competitive where you only have 1 life per round. Good Luck, Have Fun!
game-hours: 867.4
review: perfect :D
game-hours: 501.6
review: >Buy Breakout pass >first mission will take a couple of games >Complete first mission >get nothing >complete mission again >get nothing >complete mission for third time >get $0.01  skin
game-hours: 2336.2
review: Ive been playing FPS my whole life. Nothing is more fun or competitive than CSGO
game-hours: 230.1
review: I loved the multiplayer and would highly recommend this game
game-hours: 852.2
review: Niceeeeeeeeee!!
game-hours: 515.1
review: If you dont get this game Gaben will be angry and steal your wallet funds.
game-hours: 121.3
review: Good game
game-hours: 167.3
review: Best Sooter Game!!!! Nice maps,nice guns,nice gameplay and very fun!!!I totaly recommend this game
game-hours: 218.8
review: You should play this. For real.
game-hours: 515.8
review: Very nice. 10/10 Top Quality.
game-hours: 36.0
review: alright game just alot of hackers who fly around
game-hours: 22.4
review: this game and  the awp
game-hours: 1687.2
review: This game is not for everyone. If you dont mind getting addicted to a game, then this is all you need.
game-hours: 124.4
review: I love this game, with all its tutorials it will make you better at it :D
game-hours: 535.8
review: Great game if your to good you will be called a hacker if you die you are called a noob 10/10
game-hours: 189.2
review: This game is so addicting it is not even funny. 10/10 Would buy again. recomended.
game-hours: 9.3
review: It's fun and all.. BUT YOU CAN'T PLAY ONLINE THROUGH FAMILY SHARING! Valve, this kinda bs. Like, do you not get enough money from steam aleady? If you don't, just make HL3 already.
game-hours: 493.7
review: 10/10 Best Terrorism Simulator at your own home
game-hours: 583.6
review: its awesome :D
game-hours: 1031.7
review: If you are nervous, don't buy this game ! if you love skins and hate your wallet then i recommend it !!
game-hours: 644.4
review: its alright i guess
game-hours: 788.7
review: great game !
game-hours: 562.8
review: Get ready to get a long term addiction!!!
game-hours: 1869.1
review: Very good game :) !
game-hours: 282.9
review: This game got me pregnant
game-hours: 149.9
review: A wise man once said this about CSGO: "I think the perfection of love is that it's not perfect." It's like receiving advice from a dog. With that said, I give CSGO a 43/27. Worth every shallop in the sky.
game-hours: 585.8
review: THIS GAME IS AWSOME :O
game-hours: 3348.7
review: i love this game
game-hours: 120.1
review: Great game in general. The learning curve is much steeper than other games that are newer and is satisfying to play. Just a blast to play so far. Although so many other people are incredibly skilled, keep at it and get gud skrub. One of the most fun fps out there in the gaming world. I would recommend this game to all fps lovers. Also a very competitive game, but the matchmaking system makes sure that similar skill levels play each other and not global elite professionals. I think that it's an excellent continuation of the counter-strike series.
game-hours: 619.9
review: This game is stellar! It takes a ton of skill to play it and once you get into it you'll have a hard time putting it down! I completely recommend this game 10/10.
game-hours: 196.6
review: THIS GAME IS FRIKIN AWESOME! its a really fun shooter for pros and people who are new to cs.
game-hours: 1139.1
review: nice i love it
game-hours: 126.1
review: As a Level 9 Golden Tier Triple Eagle Triadic Support RPer, I must say that this game is groundbreaking. Pros- Supreme Gunplay : As a former hired gun for elite operations and special operations, I know what a real gun feels like. That kick, weight, and satisfying click as the sliding thing hits the back of the gun. All these are down to a tee with this supreme work of art. Graphics: The look is so realistic that I sometimes shoot people in real life thinking I'm still on my sweet home PC. This is the apex of 21st century gaming. Sound: The screams, the lingo, and the surround sound make me smile every time I noscope a scrub with my deagle. Cons- Unrealistic Livestock: The chickens would not survive in such an arid climate.
game-hours: 217.2
review: Awesome Game!
game-hours: 267.4
review: Ez skins ez lyfe
game-hours: 919.2
review: really exciting shooting game all the time. you can compete among your friends.
game-hours: 417.6
review: Can kill chickens 10/10 would buy again
game-hours: 594.9
review: You can kill chickens with pink guns
game-hours: 635.2
review: Iz veri gud game
game-hours: 191.4
review: No words, just awesome.
game-hours: 1330.7
review: awesome game.must have.really addictive
game-hours: 1176.5
review: Its a really good game
game-hours: 1175.0
review: the best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1597.1
review: I like it
game-hours: 1753.9
review: This game is better than Counter Strike 1.6 and much better than CS:Source. It is very addicting with the match making part of the game.
game-hours: 621.2
review: very well game ,, abis abis duitt!!
game-hours: 515.7
review: i never liked terrorist..... and now i can shoot them without going to jail! :D
game-hours: 191.1
review: Out of all the first person shooters I played, this is one of my best games I ever played. The games are balanced, weapons are balanced, and better than FPS like Call Of Duty and battlefield. A lot of skins you can get and is awesome. I would rate this 9.5/10 The community is kinda toxic and you will hear people saying a lot of swears
game-hours: 93.2
review: !
game-hours: 2007.3
review: :)
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 676.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 929.8
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2870.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 205.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 781.6
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 1211.5
review: fedorable out of 10. Would POLSKA again.
game-hours: 280.8
review: This game ruined my life.. 5 out of 5 stars.
game-hours: 473.8
review: Made $10 in betting, lost it all in betting. 10/10 would bet again
game-hours: 353.2
review: A really good first person tactical shooter which is the most fun in competitive games. BUUUUUT the game has a couple (lol, way 2 many) negative sideffects, such as: -Paranoia -After 2 days of playing competitive you will hate russians for the rest of your life. All russians gotta be exterminated (no racist) -You'll also hate little french kids. -An empty wallet, but a weapon which is made out of gold and counts kills. Isn't that cool? ---And many more negative effects---
game-hours: 1268.8
review: golden!!!
game-hours: 987.0
review: good game
game-hours: 761.2
review: best game ever had!
game-hours: 296.3
review: bad game
game-hours: 145.7
review: Amazing game. period
game-hours: 34.2
review: Amazing game, pretty awesome graphics wise, would recommend doing competitive with friends though.
game-hours: 184.2
review: Badass game. Great graphics, awesome gameplay. Would definitely recommend this game!
game-hours: 823.7
review: Walked around a corner and got headshotted. Fail bomb defuse because no kit. No money to drop a gun and still get team attacked for being selfish. Entire team rushes through smoke and gets killed. 0-15, "Good half."
game-hours: 1143.9
review: Super fun game!
game-hours: 477.3
review: Very good maps and ambient! Great game!
game-hours: 960.0
review: I ABSOLUTELLY reccomend this game. IT IS AWESOME! It`s my favorite Tactical FPS, Reached much in this game. It is very fun to play this game I highly recommend it to all of the FPS and tactical shooter lovers! It IS AWESOME!
game-hours: 1214.6
review: This is an amazing game with a relatively high skill curve. So if you are a casual gamer , this might not be the game for you.
game-hours: 926.6
review: I've played bad games and this isnt one of them.
game-hours: 178.8
review: I really enjoy playing CS:GO. I think the franchise Counter Strike is one of the best shooters. Period! I enjoy Counter Strike Global Offensive, because it has big community and well supported workshop. CS:GO is the game from which you will get the most satisfaction when you score a headshot.
game-hours: 771.0
review: hackers everywhere
game-hours: 597.6
review: amazing game, great competitive atmosphere, great market
game-hours: 818.3
review: So good game i like!
game-hours: 340.5
review: One word. Amazing.
game-hours: 805.3
review: Hard to be good at, but immensely fun. For the most part, the game is fair and having a group of friends really helps with teamwork, which is a huge portion of the game.
game-hours: 789.3
review: Fun game, requires teamwork/communication, overall really good and worth the money.
game-hours: 2261.5
review: Just buy it s.
game-hours: 203.1
review: See chickens on most of the map and that makes me happy. 10/10
game-hours: 50.3
review: game of generation...
game-hours: 375.9
review: Counter Strike Global Offensive (aka CS:GO) is a very active and fun gaming way where you can play with your friends and also compete against others. Once you play a game- you will never want to get off. Also, CSGO has higher quality than the others and has more action... CS:GO is the most team-based, multiplayer, action game... Enjoy it! :)
game-hours: 117.9
review: If you want to feel like a nub at a game, even after 500 hours, then I recommend CSGO
game-hours: 204.2
review: That moment when someone headshots you with a jumping Negev across the map. 10/10 best luck/rage simulator 2015. In all seriousness though, this game is great and really fun to play when I'm bored. I have a list of pros and cons, and here they are. Pros: Badass guns like the M249 and AK-47. Actual recoil and accuracy stats for each gun. A variety of types of guns that you need to get used to. Skins. In-game knifes that cost more than real-life knives. Armor. Defusal and hostage rescue kits. Tasers. CHICKENS. Flashbangs. Arms Race game mode to sharpen your skills with guns as you progress to the gold knife. Demolition mode which is pretty much Arms Race but is a bomb situation mission (more on that later). Deathmatch game mode which is Arms Race, but you can just get a certain gun without having to progress. Casual which is a bomb situation mission with the rules of CS 1.6 (no armor, no defuse kits, no chickens D:) Competitive mode which you are ranked, starting from no rank, to Silver I, etc. Ranking system allows you to play with people about at the same rank as you. A  ton of maps. Operations/Campaigns. Crates. Great community. Balanced in-game currency system. A recently nerfed CZ-75 Automatic pistol (basically the worst gun in the game now, previously feared in the pistol round). There's more, but since I suck at thinking, I'm not even going to bother thinking them up. Cons: Ranking system is actually pretty  (you can be one of the best players, get put on the worst teams, and not rank up, while on the contrary, you can be the worst player and get put on the best teams and become a Global Elite before you know it). A lot of the game is luck (consult first sentence of the review). Automatic sniper rifles. Automatic shotguns. Sniper rifles that instantly kill anything above the legs. Machine guns that can shred one apart in half a second. Ragers who call you a hacker every time you kill them (although the community is much better than COD's and TF2's community when it comes to squeakers). Shotgun snipers who somehow headshot and kill you 30 meters away. When you put it all together, its a very fun game and using those cons that involve guns to your advantage can, I admit, be pretty damn fun. But seriously. Extremely fun game. ing buy it now or live your life regretting not doing so.
game-hours: 1160.7
review: This game is a very fun game to play with friends and can be very competitive!
game-hours: 948.9
review: Would not recommend anything else, this is my life.
game-hours: 141.1
review: I recommend this game because its fun, ya know? Get home, play some Counter Strike with friends. And where that can be fun, along side some of the various gamemodes and community modes that are offered, there is always that one thing that lures CS players to GO, Competitive Possibly one of the best and worst features of this game, it when working right, matches you up with people of your skill level and you play it out in a ranked match. The problem with this, and I've experianced this alot lately, is getting into a match with "Those" people. The people who buy secondhand accounts who are truely some god rank player labled as a Silver 2, Or the casual hacker who has the ability to know exactly where you are before you get there, and snap to you like nobodies business. When working properly its great though! but to god either I've magically gotten awful or theres a wave of ^ that going around Graphics: They are pretty good, not the greatest but plays beautifuly at the same time Gameplay: Lacks in some areas, but the overall gamemode variaty and maps make up for it Replayability: Its an addicting game that will most likely hook you right on up Online: Primarly online shooter of course, plays well but does lag spike occasionally Rate: 8.3 Love the game and for what the price is, its worth it, just have to deal with the frustration and Bs from time to time
game-hours: 49.5
review: Epic Games ... Cool
game-hours: 5.7
review: Like Call of Duty but with gameplay. EDIT: And runs on Source engine (amaaaziiing). EDIT: And has a great sense of mission.
game-hours: 279.8
review: Very cool game recommending!!!
game-hours: 303.0
review: AWESOMEEE!!!
game-hours: 352.1
review: Grande el juego muy muy divertido aunque complicado hasta que le cojes el trankillo
game-hours: 408.2
review: buy the game and play online , trust me you'll speak russian fluently in a couple of weeks! xD
game-hours: 205.5
review: Fast paced first person shooter wich you have to give time to get good at
game-hours: 42.8
review: ...................................................................................................................................
game-hours: 2464.9
review: i like this game 100%
game-hours: 456.5
review: Awwweeeesssom!!!
game-hours: 564.8
review: This game is amazing <3 It's not just one of those shooting games where you just shoot without thinking :D It needs team strategies and skills.
game-hours: 410.2
review: Nice game. Brings alot of memories!
game-hours: 288.5
review: SWAT vs Terroists, almost like cops vs robbers. Almost. CS:GO is a Tactical First Person Shooter that patches up and fixes up and got to where Call Of Duty failed. In the short description, this is a cheaper and better Call Of Duty. However, there are special things that make it unique. Unlike Payday 2, they actually name the guns the same thing that they're called in real life. Which, for me, is a big plus, and i havent seen many games doing that lately, just making up the gun's own names. They also added nice little micro-transactional skins for the players to buy, to customize their gun. However, some of the guns can go up to 100-200$, while knives go up to 300-1000$. I do want to point out however, i have spent $5.00 on the game itself and im still happy, you don't need to, and aren't pushed to the limit or forced to buy these. And the guns already look good on their own. So, it's just if you have spare change. Also would like to add that if you are a veteran Counter Strike player, you will defintley see that you aren't allowed to choose your skin for your charcter when you join, it automatically sets your skin for you. A small down-grade (for me, not everyone else) because i miss the variety of people on your team. Just adding this in, CS:GO, as you may already know, has tons of unique guns. From the M4A4, to the well-known AK-47, all the way to the un-popular PP-Bizon, and back to the heaviest weapon in the game, the Negev. Along with many, many, more. Anywho, A quick review summarizing some key-points in CS:GO. Final Verdict: 9.2/10.
game-hours: 344.1
review: It's like Team Fortress 2 with tryhards.
game-hours: 348.0
review: very guuut game
game-hours: 1266.2
review: Ini game sebenernya gak usah di review pasti udah tau lah ya soal graphic, gameplay dll. Online nya sih Find sendiri ya, musuhnya acak pasti. ya jadinya bener'' Competitive game lah. begitupun juga buat casual (public) find ketemu player" luar/dalam negri. bisa sih disini GB pangkat atau biasa anak CSGO bilang " Di Carry " Maksudnya pangkat kecil main sama pangkat gede dan menang mulu pada saat compe, dan akhirnya pangkat kecil pun bisa jadi cepat naik/tinggi. tapi tetap lah kata gue " ini game competitive hard, bukan permainan santai "
game-hours: 197.3
review: cool
game-hours: 116.9
review: 7 Year Badge, Wow. So Good. I can't even kill a new player.
game-hours: 517.3
review: Everything is ok But only some little bugs and sometimes i try to start CS:GO like now It starts and give me a black screen and Close automaticly...
game-hours: 126.6
review: you know who can drive..................................................... me
game-hours: 407.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 103.6
review: U kan kil peepul 6/9 9/11 666/1
game-hours: 305.7
review: Nice game!
game-hours: 977.3
review: "Took too long in the bizon"-Warowl 2014 <3
game-hours: 374.3
review: blyat
game-hours: 1916.8
review: very good game !
game-hours: 1972.4
review: best game ever
game-hours: 444.9
review: This game will devour your life! haha one of my favorite games on steam and continues to amaze me!
game-hours: 572.9
review: Everyone needs this game :3
game-hours: 140.2
review: If you enjoy getting screamed at by raging kiddies devoid of any RL, who die after the first few seconds of the match and then try to tell you what do because they're oh so pro - this game is for you! It's certainly not for me, as I play games for something called 'fun'. Bonus features: Hear all kinds of annoying voices in mumbled stereo! Get an insight into one of gaming's most fascinating subcultures! You even get to learn bits and pieces of their mysterious tribe language including ingenious terms like "smurfing", "rekt", "popflash" and many more! Get a penalty for not wanting to play with a hopeless crapfest of a team that just sucks! Stare at some guy's spectator cam, who joined the match only to be afk all the way through and still doesn't get kicked because some other guy considers him an integral part of the team! Have fun with hackers, unfair and unbalanced matchmaking and so much more! The annoyance never stops!
game-hours: 413.8
review: yas i like but i want play agin please i dont need vac bans iam rly soor
game-hours: 990.4
review: lots o fun
game-hours: 379.1
review: Yes, i wouldnt care if it bit my  off
game-hours: 238.0
review: Nice !
game-hours: 65.7
review: CS:GO is like CS:S, but with lube. It's very sexy.
game-hours: 430.1
review: CS:GO is the best game in the world!
game-hours: 1417.3
review: CASE OPEN RAGE REPEAT
game-hours: 10.7
review: The classic CS is back... but with better graphics... and gameplay... and everything :D
game-hours: 4.2
review: This game is the bomb it's so fun to play with friends and others so as any other Conuter Strike game. This one is a lot more easier to move around in the menus looking for games and other sort of things that might suit your needs. There is a workshop but I never downloaded anything from there so I can't tell you how to use it nor tell you what to do I'm sure there is youtube videos on how to use items from the workshop. but yeah great game super fun to play also get your friends and go kill some terrorist or marines.
game-hours: 908.4
review: Awesome continuation of the series. Definite recommendation. Getting into matchmaking is a bit daunting but that's where all the fun is at.
game-hours: 1684.2
review: :3
game-hours: 647.4
review: best best very nice shoot terors
game-hours: 139.3
review: I love the game great graphics and stuff and the thing that fps games need OBJECTIVES And TEAMWORK other games like call of duty and other games that has mulitiplayer in it and its fps dont have teamwork you need team work thats why your team is with you with your side if they wasnt you will get killed and you will always lose if your team goes like little kids in a park you should 1. Stay together 2. Cover each other 3. Team up to take your enemy down ! rate if you agree
game-hours: 389.1
review: 10/10 impossible to rank up
game-hours: 627.7
review: You know this game is GOOD .....END 9.5/10
game-hours: 221.3
review: Znaci do sada najbolja igra na steamu :) Postoje 3 razloga zasto je treba kupiti : 1. Jer je najbolja Counter-Strike igra do sad ! 2. Sve je super . 3. I dani vam prolaze brzo xD SVE 5+ !
game-hours: 385.1
review: The enjoyment of the game comes from being able to many things that are not accesible in other fps and strategy games. Counter Strike Global Offensive is one of my personel favorties becaus eof the amazing fps action and the strategy behind the plan of attack. There is a lack to the game though, but it shouldnt affect how you play. The competitive matchmaking, the people who play competitive arent always what you'd expect in sych an amazing game but those types of people are always going to be there.
game-hours: 1829.2
review: wow New Cs
game-hours: 909.8
review: great game 10/10
game-hours: 1188.1
review: Buy game Get to DMG Stay on DMG forever 10/10
game-hours: 540.8
review: A really good game for fast gameplay. Tons of fun would recommend
game-hours: 42.3
review: Played a Comp Game got teamkilled spawned on bot Teamkilled guy who teamkilled me got, and I got kicked for it. 10/10 would elitist again
game-hours: 204.6
review: One of the best fps ever
game-hours: 186.1
review: Considering I spend all my money on cases and stickers and have no time for other things I would say this game is good.
game-hours: 2144.0
review: The one and only competitive shooter out there... The one and only rage introducing shooter out there... The one and only shooter where you can interact with verious kind of cheaters. In case your blood preasure is too low, play a view rounds on the very well optimized servers - against any people from everywhere around the world. Play it, rage quit, play again, repeat. 10/10 would buy again. WARNING: This game can cause a major lost on braincells, anger, hate and auto-aggressive disorder. Play with caution... or leave it.
game-hours: 432.4
review: 10/10 -IGN
game-hours: 441.0
review: Good game, like this
game-hours: 937.7
review: amazing.
game-hours: 661.0
review: AYYYY
game-hours: 12.9
review: This game is more fun than my real life
game-hours: 581.7
review: Must buy if you love FPS games! This game is all about personal progression, since it comes with a high learning curve, it's not about unlocking some stupid grip or scope for your gun. It's about you, that has to learn. The game is updated almost once a week with new features and content, Match Making is great when you are playing with friends. The real game for people that love to play competitively, with a team or just solo. There are also casual game modes available for the people that don't like to play competitively, such as Arms Race, Deathmatch, Hostage and Defusual missions which can be played on casual style, or mostly known as public or community servers. These modes are great to learn the game, and improve your play. Pros.  Match Making.  Skill levels and ranks, play against players of your own skill level.  Competitive scene, with ladders and tournaments.  The CS feeling, transition from older CS games to CS:GO isn't that hard.  Most old maps from CS, are in the game.  No perks and other unnecessary clutter. Cons.  Match Making 64 tick servers.  Game is poorly optimized.  Cheaters now and then, but that's online gaming for you.  RiP Desert Eagle, as we once knew it.
game-hours: 498.3
review: fun but im bad
game-hours: 431.9
review: Before I'd bought this game, I would have never pictured myself screaming, "cat", "banana", and "long".
game-hours: 716.7
review: best game i ever played and im now addicted. cant go wrong with the $15
game-hours: 716.6
review: This game appeals to both casual and hardcore gamers in a way that casual gamers can play other mods and collect skins while for hardcore gamers this game is the fps for you because you really need to crank up the hours if you want to even be slightly good at it ( if you are new to fps )
game-hours: 347.0
review: Super fun intence first person shooter. Nuff said.
game-hours: 2884.0
review: The game is great because it has a similar feel to 1.6.
game-hours: 15.4
review: you can buy tasers 8/8
game-hours: 325.9
review: Perfect FPS game, its balanced and the matchmaking system works fine.
game-hours: 271.0
review: Just bought this game and it is so awesome but not so awesome for my Steam wallet-I I've already spent 50 euro on it
game-hours: 642.7
review: This is an exellent game, truly a unique fps game which in my opinon towers upon all others. Definantly worth the price!
game-hours: 1057.2
review: This game is far most the second best game i have on my library!!
game-hours: 1891.9
review: Sold my house for skins. 10/10
game-hours: 85.5
review: This is a amazing fps shooter that takes skill and paticence to play. I have mad money form opening cases and its just a overall amazing game.
game-hours: 313.6
review: you can easly get some money for steam in this game
game-hours: 362.7
review: One of the best shooters of all time
game-hours: 103.6
review: Pew pew yay
game-hours: 110.8
review: This is a very good game,totaly worth it's money,it's a different style compared to Call of Duty and Battlefield and if you're trying to play something different,then this is a perfect choise
game-hours: 228.0
review: The best Counter-Strike ever!
game-hours: 549.2
review: I laaaav iit
game-hours: 101.9
review: This game is fun, it requires a lot of teamwork to be successful. The shooty bits are quite enjoyable although if you're used to more modern games then you'll find it might take a while to adjust to the movement penalty, recoil, aim punch, and armor mechanics. In my opinion it's worth learning these things, the game is really enjoyable.
game-hours: 423.0
review: cool
game-hours: 667.5
review: really great game with nice physics and skins
game-hours: 624.0
review: skins, skins, WTF HUMAN SKIN??? and more skins
game-hours: 642.5
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 1333.1
review: its the best game i ever played!
game-hours: 848.3
review: es very naice
game-hours: 856.3
review: Fun game
game-hours: 951.3
review: Best FPS shooter ever in a new coat.
game-hours: 371.9
review: 420 gaben
game-hours: 309.8
review: i like the terror characturs they make me feel fit in
game-hours: 295.9
review: *shoots chicken* *chicken explode* 11/10
game-hours: 145.9
review: is gud much fun
game-hours: 6.8
review: Good game !
game-hours: 713.3
review: Bought it for the story line!
game-hours: 523.9
review: i love this game i want a knife thats like my goal its hard at first to play but you will get better
game-hours: 160.6
review: Only Takes 2 minutes to finish a Competitive Match.. and get a drop... In 10 steps or less!... Why is this a thing! 1. Someones internet crashes! / 4 players left! 2. Somebody calls a Vote to Kick a random player 3. Vote passed / 3 players left! 4. Somebody calls a Vote to Kick a random player 5. Vote passed / 2 players left! 6. Somebody calls a Vote to Kick a random player/ Random player doesn't have a say! 7. Vote passed / 1 player left! 8. Last Player calls a Vote to Surrender 9. Vote passed 10. GAMES OVER IN 2 MINUTES! ------------------------------------------------------------------- Score: 11/10 Last Guy gets a drop!
game-hours: 91.7
review: I'll brief most part of this game so take note some of it for those who are looking to buy this game. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is an FPS game that was created for multiplayer. This game however is a long term support, which means you don't need to worry about either this game won't be "hot" anymore after a year or two as the community is what make this game an LTS unlike Battlefield or COD and so. Speaking of community, people these day keep emptying their wallet to buy keys and start uncrating the case. I'll explain those later. How the game was when you were in for the first time? Well, the menu overlay looks nice just like in Dota 2. It's pretty simple since Valve did some update on it. The menu overlay however is used to be like CSS once in a while. Oh, and don't forget that you'll be greeted like "Welcome to CSGO" and so. Graphics? Well, I'm pretty impressed with it eventhough it was made in Source Engine, realism (maybe a bit) graphics, you can still play it smoothly (around 30 FPS) even with a low tier pc. Currently I'm using Samsung RV411 to play this game, with a resolution of 1024 x 768 and everything on the lowest settings and I'll get around 30 FPS and I'm really satisfied with it. Thumbs up from that to Valve. As a newbie, you might play the tutorial or go singleplayer with the bots. Once that you've done that, you'll probably go ahead and try out multiplayer. I gotta admit that if you play a server with 32 players it won't be fun anymore. Why? "First Come First Killed", crowded, trash talkers, and rage. But then, you'll kept playing it eventhough you won't get a kill from the opposite team. A lot of people keep complain about the MINOR bug in this game, such as you can't show the scoreboard while in-game occasionally, connection issues, hud problems. Still, Valve haven't fix these issues yet. Or they will soon (in Valve time). In CSGO, people get addicted because of skins. Skin is a custom texture applied to the weapon. Skins can also be classified in 8 grade (qualities), from worst to best: Consumer Grade (White) Industrial grade (Light Blue) Mil-Spec (Dark Blue) Restricted (Purple) Classified (Pink) Covert (Red) Rare (Gold) All knives in this game (except the default knife) are rare, it's like uncrating for "unusual hat" in TF2. Don't be surprised why people would pay $400 just for a custom virtual knife. Some weapons have StatTrak which means weapons have led attached to it tracking the amount of confirm killed by the owner. Knives do have StatTrak but that makes it more expensive with it. Two decisions that you made in this game, either just to play it like normal being or end up hooked by those skins. I want my life back. P/S: Sorry for my terrible english or any grammar mistakes. I hope you'll understand what I'm telling.
game-hours: 290.9
review: 10/10
game-hours: 146.3
review: Simply Great Game, I love the mechanics of this particular shooter, I played a lots of shooters and i would say this was the best shooting game in my expiriance, recoment this game to anyone who loves shooters, this is the best choise for you. Like Counter-Strike 1.6 was the best shooter (and it still is). This game also is good for playing with friends, Clan Wars, Deathmatch, GunGame Mixes and other fun modes.
game-hours: 748.0
review: CS:GO is good, I like CS:GO, although I think that Barbie Dreamhouse Party is a much more enjoyable game, although they really need to sort out it's anti cheat, I keep getting flying aimbotted by Ken when he drinks too much Stella.
game-hours: 220.1
review: Good
game-hours: 1014.9
review: super fun fps
game-hours: 457.9
review: 11/10 Would Buy
game-hours: 1026.0
review: FUN
game-hours: 355.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 296.2
review: its okay i guess but you gotta know that you are killing people in this game and that is very violent
game-hours: 489.7
review: #1 fast-paced FPS on my list.
game-hours: 1177.7
review: So damn good !
game-hours: 1417.7
review: Great Game! I can play this for years.
game-hours: 273.1
review: xd
game-hours: 764.9
review: learned fluent russian in one week.
game-hours: 1019.2
review: -.      ,    ...
game-hours: 2242.2
review: The games works fairly well, sometimes you club the seal cub, sometimes the seal cub clubs you
game-hours: 78.6
review: if you kill someone your a hacker all of a sudden and if you dont kill anyone you are a crappy player and should not play also you can buy a scratched up knife for like only $63.87 its fun
game-hours: 616.6
review: Awsome game!
game-hours: 329.5
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 479.0
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, is the game for people that are competitive. The game makes it competitive by using various teqniques. One of them is having a ranking system which sets you up against people at your level. This makes close matches and also a desire to win. The other thing that makes it is beeing more focused on tactics and team-play than just shooting like in COD. The best thing is that they balance the shooting and the tactics, also weapons, so there aren't any OP weapons, for long atleast. If you don't want to play competitvly, there are more than enough gamemodes for you. But there isn't just positive. after I've played it for a while I can say I'm getting bored of the maps even though there are comming new maps every 3rd month or so. The new maps which are comming are just bad in my opinion. You can also notice that the matchmaking dosen't always work which causes unbalanced matches in competitive. It is still important to remember that I am almost only playing competitive but even if you're not a competitive person, I recommend this game for all FPS lovers. It is even what I would say is a low price for a game. From a scale from 0-100, I would give it a 93.
game-hours: 211.0
review: Best competitive game of all time for me !
game-hours: 409.7
review: gret gam i lov et
game-hours: 77.6
review: very good game 10/10
game-hours: 34.6
review: ~Great game totally think it was worth the money.
game-hours: 1140.0
review: 5/5 Russia Simulator
game-hours: 609.6
review: best game everrr lisssom
game-hours: 368.2
review: bang bang killing the bad dudes
game-hours: 357.0
review: Very fun and competitive game that you can play alone or with friends. Even though at times the game can be frustrating it is still very fun and well developed
game-hours: 520.9
review: eh
game-hours: 500.6
review: Awsome!
game-hours: 418.4
review: Do you want to get yelled at by children? Buy CSGO! Do you want to make 100's of dollars off of the Marketplace? Buy CSGO! Do you want to drop 100's and 100's of dollars into this game just to open cases? Buy CSGO! 10/10 Amazing and tense.
game-hours: 39.4
review: i suck but its fun anyway
game-hours: 714.7
review: Easily the greatest competitve shooter I have ever played. If you like competition and shooters this is the game for you. IMO this game has ruined many similar shooters as everything else does not compare.
game-hours: 667.8
review: This is a super fun and awesome game I recommend it to alot of people!
game-hours: 192.2
review: If you win a match then you suck If you tie a match then you suck If you lose a match then you are garbage If you have a high K/D for the game you're hacking If you have a low K/D for the game you suck If you suck then you suck If you hack then you suck If you're good then you suck Everybody just sucks. Including you.
game-hours: 125.0
review: omg i am so bad how do i get out of silver 0
game-hours: 300.3
review: 10/10
game-hours: 521.9
review: good
game-hours: 859.9
review: Counter-Strike is the best Game i've ever play, paying since 2002 and love it.
game-hours: 1878.6
review: Best competitive shooter hands down.
game-hours: 483.6
review: Showing CoD fanboys a real fps since the dawn of the genre, CS:GO provides a real challenge and never ceases to be fun! If you enjoy a life without knowing what the sun looks like, buy this life-ruining bargain!
game-hours: 606.8
review: Whoow , thats a great shooer game
game-hours: 736.2
review: 64 tick matchmaking. Stick to it for now. Go buy some cases and get addicted to putting your money in this game. Its worth it
game-hours: 1498.1
review: Very skill based.
game-hours: 575.4
review: no aiming down the sights  game would not reccomend 0/10
game-hours: 47.5
review: Yeah this game is so much fun.
game-hours: 387.1
review: What... Whats That.... OMG!!!! CHICKENS!!!!
game-hours: 824.8
review: This game is the bext First-Person Shooter I have ever played. Spend about 200 hours just playing Casual Hostage Rescue games, Casual Bomb defuse games, and Competitive Matches. But I also just found out about something not too long ago, the community server listings. People can make their own modded games like surf servers and Jail Break servers. Realistic graphics and effects (favorite would have to be dropping your clip when you reload). This game has upped my sense of competitiveness and sportsmanship in my life, and I will never be bored again.
game-hours: 423.6
review: CS;GO is gud! Nice job volvo, 10/10 for sure.
game-hours: 405.8
review: gud
game-hours: 374.0
review: Yes
game-hours: 381.9
review: its a really fun game
game-hours: 21.2
review: this game is like a nutella, I love nutella!
game-hours: 71.2
review: You can knife people. 10/10
game-hours: 110.8
review: poli kalo paixnidi
game-hours: 699.3
review: You play bad vs good guys. And it makes pew pew pew. 10/10
game-hours: 551.9
review: Nice FPS Shooting game but hard to aim but it's OK :csgostar:
game-hours: 461.7
review: want fast competitive matchmaking search? checks de_dust2..... 10/10
game-hours: 71.3
review: + Karakter modellemeleri + Yeni ekipmanlar eklenmesi iyi olmu + Farkl oyun modlar getirilmi + 5v5 ma bulmak artk daha kolay + Silahlara getirilen kiiselletirmeler - Bildiimiz Counter-Strike olmaya devam ediyor (8/10)
game-hours: 791.1
review: Starkes Spiel, guter Nachfolger von CS:S. Schiee dem Gegner in den Zeh... Headshot. 11/10 Would play again.
game-hours: 798.4
review: It's a great game, lot's of fun. Try not to get addicted to opening crates lol
game-hours: 800.3
review: CS : GO Is a competative first person shooter which takes skill and time to master.
game-hours: 651.4
review: Buying ingame skins for 100+euros? Playing 4v5 MM constantly because someone's bedtime passed and has to leave? (guaranteed it happens 2mins into the game) Russians? What else could you wish for? Also, who needs a life anyway. 10/10 would chicken.
game-hours: 1026.1
review: Best game ever xD
game-hours: 1253.9
review: ed over my life the reason i have no gf and sit in my room all day but it was worth it i have my epic skins <3
game-hours: 1161.2
review: A great game. A true first person shooter, requiring: Skill, Knowledge, and practice. A true legend of the Counter Strike series. I'd give it 100% reccommendation, and would gladly pay full AAA price for the hours of fun and frustration this game has.
game-hours: 1049.5
review: it was OK
game-hours: 270.0
review: For those who are sons of the Half-life Generation! Counter-Strike as it always was, but with very good graphics and physics.
game-hours: 59.1
review: nice game !
game-hours: 306.6
review: AWEOME GAME! STUNNING GRAPHICS FOR A SOURCE GAME, GOOD CHALLENGING GAMEPLAY, DROPS AFTER THE MATCH WITH COOL SKINS, LOTS OF MAPS EN GAMEMODES. 1 WORD. AWESOME!
game-hours: 309.5
review: This game is very, very, very, VERY god. I am godspeed in this game. Tec-9 is God Speed in this game. Safari Mesh is the only good skin. I am god here.
game-hours: 1017.2
review: good for trickshots 11/10 -IGN
game-hours: 354.6
review: A very fun and addicting tactical shooter. The fact that it includes gun skins which you can find, trade and make money on makes it even more enjoyable.
game-hours: 1011.7
review: For anyone into tactical FPS in a team setting; then CS GO competitive is right for you. Games can be challenging, tense, but you have to remember it's just a game and that you're really playing to enjoy it; win or lose. Overall, great game.
game-hours: 498.5
review: This is a very fun game. If you enjoy competative, strategic, and untimately time consuming games, play this!
game-hours: 385.0
review: if you are a tryhard cod player this game is for you.
game-hours: 1169.4
review: GREAT GAME LOTS OF FUN
game-hours: 1898.8
review: CS:GO is fun.
game-hours: 1057.2
review: It's almost as good as fried chicken.
game-hours: 323.0
review: epik gam pls buy
game-hours: 734.4
review: Good game fun to play just like any other cs game. Only issues are aweful steam support by admins that cant and wont do anything to help you as far as their  game crashing or kicking you from ther aweful 64tick servers, better off playing on 128tick esea or altpug clients for competetive. Other then that it works good on good servers.
game-hours: 17.9
review: Fock u GO man I just wanted to play with my friends B(
game-hours: 219.2
review: Great game, teaches you how to aim, tap, and learn spray patterns. 10/10
game-hours: 935.3
review: Gamer's logic: if you can't beat them call them a hacker :D
game-hours: 976.1
review: This game rocks
game-hours: 11.4
review: Great controls, awesome guns, fun stages, wicked achievements. Play with friends! I'm hooked. (The only let down, as with a lot of these types of games, are the hackers)
game-hours: 146.0
review: CS:GO: The secret disease. Day 1-4 of CS:GO infection - Infected will be first introduced, and will think the "game" sucks because of the lack of ironsights and difficulty, often quitting. High chance of survival if the infection is ceased and infected seeks treatment. (Girlfriends, outside world). Day 4-7 of CS:GO infection - Infected will slowly be brought into competative matches, and introduced to skins. Infection now spreads at an alarming rate. Day 7-15 of CS:GO infection - Infected will have bought first skins by now - disease is now irriversable. Infection is now at full course. Day 15-18 of CS:GO infection - Infected will ignore outside world to concentrate on "game". CS:GO becoming first priority. There is no cure. Day 20-30 of CS:GO infection. - Infected will be mostly devoid of life, the infected will be a host for the pathogen CS:GO. Skins and AWP "ACE" will be all the infected lives for. The infected will barracide his/herself from sunlight. Day 30+ of CS:GO infection. - Infected can be declared legally dead, CS:GO controls every aspect of it's host's brain and body. Infection controls body completely. Recommended course of action - Destruction of the brain or removal of the head. Contain the disease. Dr. Goon A Waterson. ~ CS:GO disease specialist. 2014 - October log.
game-hours: 963.9
review: bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian two weeks later
game-hours: 130.1
review: I love this game its epic :P
game-hours: 346.8
review: Very deep storyline. 10/10
game-hours: 554.3
review: coolt spel
game-hours: 262.8
review: yeah
game-hours: 400.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 23.6
review: Very Interesting Game to play with friend. ^_^
game-hours: 319.0
review: I dnt think so that i need to tell u about this game... Best FPS game after 1.6 .... 10/10
game-hours: 844.8
review: Don't even try to open a case. Never. Bizon does not cost 2 euros. This game ruined my life. I spent all my money on keys. 10/10
game-hours: 321.9
review: This is a game where you can get a headshot while blinded by a flashbang and probably get called a hacker. 10/10
game-hours: 398.0
review: pangpang frfan
game-hours: 578.4
review: This game has survived for this long and here is the reason why. Its a SIMPLE game that requires tremendous skill and knowledge of the map and the people that you are playing with. Its great for all types of gamers casual and competitive and I personally give it 2 thumbs way up and would recommend to anyone looking for a phenomenal FPS game to play! Keep up the good work Counter Strike!
game-hours: 162.8
review: Pew pew
game-hours: 1532.3
review: Super Sick game. Love the engine this game is running on. Only real problem i find with this game is via the competitive match making side. They need to work on it abit. But otherwise super fun game. Some kiff skins aswell. #Definitely a must have.
game-hours: 510.9
review: fun, just dont do drugs kids
game-hours: 311.9
review: This, is one of those games, that were created many a year ago, that still remain dear to us all, i would like to thoroughly recommend this hacker, 12 year old infested milenial master piece to everyone. "Last man of my team | Running around the corner | I die reloading." " Silent as the wind | My enemies unaware | Chickens everywhere."
game-hours: 179.0
review: Love this action multiplayer game!!!
game-hours: 748.8
review: bloody good game buy it NOW!!!!
game-hours: 31.6
review: It's as addicting as heck, has a learning curve for you to keep playing, and skins everywhere. Only problem is that my irl friends aren't playing it now. Hopefully this review helps.
game-hours: 9.0
review: immedietly died at the beginning of the round. 10/10
game-hours: 764.3
review: top notch
game-hours: 789.6
review: The best first person tactical shooter. Worth every penny and really competitive.
game-hours: 817.0
review: iz much bullet, much pain, much gain, much go hard
game-hours: 548.6
review: This Game Is Fun and Worth The Price It Is. Also It Is Very Competitive. :)
game-hours: 261.1
review: headshots and low ping or get the  out
game-hours: 302.6
review: Well made game, I really, REALLY love it, all CS 1.6 players and veterans should spend some time on GO, it's worth it.
game-hours: 506.4
review: Great game fun to play
game-hours: 174.7
review: Awesome Graphics & Gameplay!
game-hours: 593.4
review: awsome ...
game-hours: 2288.1
review: Amazing game with #hype! Get into it now! EZ SKINS EZ LYF
game-hours: 474.4
review: Things that will get you banned from competitive: Abandoning a match Kicking alot of people Not reconnecting within 3 minutes of leaving Team-Killing in the beginning of the round Team-Killing 3 times, accident or not. Just F.Y.I, got a week ban from competitive, which is a core part of what makes CS:GO so good. Don't flaunt your privilages, they can be taken away for quite a long time.
game-hours: 276.6
review: kill chickens. dope.
game-hours: 936.2
review: :D
game-hours: 318.2
review: played CS for years already and still not tired of the gameplay, best allday game !
game-hours: 1145.4
review: The best game ever... NUFF said
game-hours: 669.4
review: sucker machine
game-hours: 865.4
review: you want something comp...thats the game...despite the hackers and few smurf accounts its the best competitive game since 1.6 :)
game-hours: 271.3
review: Good!
game-hours: 1185.9
review: awesome game that will test your anger.....
game-hours: 2107.1
review: Born to play FPS game .. Same like cs 1.6 my old love
game-hours: 457.1
review: I go A. You go B. There's no C. She wants the D. Much inspiration, so beautiful, such poet.
game-hours: 705.6
review: Because Chickens.
game-hours: 348.5
review: >Buy game >Play a competitive match in Europe >Learn Russian very fast >Learn the word  >Speak Russian >??? >Russians all over the place.
game-hours: 889.5
review: this game is hard and stressful and i suck. good competitive play, updates regularly, well maintained, im gay
game-hours: 523.8
review: Amazing game Fun competive ranked win items just for playing unlock the skins such a great FPS game worth every dollar i spent on this game
game-hours: 1445.4
review: ez skinz ez life
game-hours: 715.3
review: Very long longtime experience, very nice. dont play if your aim is .
game-hours: 613.9
review: So fun,Much edgers
game-hours: 213.3
review: Best Game !
game-hours: 894.8
review: Very good game would recommend to anyone intrested in fps, great replay value
game-hours: 810.5
review: The best game !
game-hours: 1257.5
review: i love this game best fps on market
game-hours: 802.5
review: Someone called me a hacker. I murdered chickens. Got killed by a gun named ' Chopper' 10/10
game-hours: 19.4
review: this great game to play with group of friends
game-hours: 549.4
review: Arms Race needs more developing, you still run on legs.
game-hours: 212.9
review: good game
game-hours: 904.6
review: This game is so good. Finally adjusted to this after palying CS;Source for so long. ps. Kazuki is a hacker
game-hours: 787.3
review: Love this game!
game-hours: 271.6
review: Awesome game . I really enjoy it
game-hours: 601.9
review: 9/10 gynecologists recommend this .
game-hours: 97.6
review: Very Nice
game-hours: 252.1
review: Like! :D
game-hours: 768.6
review: This game is awesome, you will play it forever! Especially because collecting skins is so addicting!!
game-hours: 347.8
review: Hours of fun both in and out of game.
game-hours: 1945.9
review: First time when i was hearing about Counter Strike, i dont like the game ... When i buy the CS Global Ofensive i realize that the game is not so ugly and not that hard. Hvae cool stuf like weapons skins, cool maps. Now i pla CS GO every day, its a very good game.
game-hours: 391.0
review: Dont get better than this
game-hours: 1056.7
review: Total awesomesauce!!
game-hours: 341.1
review: FPS,   ,  , .   , :,, ( css     ).    450 , ,   F2P,      ,   .   .    (, , ,,,),    -,   (  ,  ,, ,  ).       ,- ,  -, ,Bayonet,M9 bayonet,, .      9/10
game-hours: 352.6
review: this game actually needs skill its hard but i love it i gave up cod ghost for this in all honesty
game-hours: 180.9
review: CS:GO is one of the most competitive and fun FPS that i've ever played.
game-hours: 361.1
review: What can i say about CS:GO? If you have ever played any of the CS games before then you need no review. It is pretty much the same as the others. This is what makes it a great game. They stuck to the core of what their games were. They added some new weapons and game types. My only suggestion would be that if the terrorst plant the bomb the last terrorist has a dead man switch so if you kill him it blows and you have to defuse it. I think that would make a great game option. I know the Terrorists could just camp on the bomb then so it would have to be a proximity thing...... Anyway Great game get it and hit me up.
game-hours: 506.9
review: Great FPS and even better that it has camos. Takes a while to get used to, but probably the best FPS game I have ever played.
game-hours: 288.7
review: I liked that the game was full of competitive people. I disliked that market weapons cost to much.
game-hours: 719.7
review: Clearly a Call of Duty rip-off.
game-hours: 470.9
review: Best game.
game-hours: 139.2
review: best game sold my slave for skins
game-hours: 560.5
review: Really fun and competitive multiplayer game that you and your friends can play. Pretty cheap considering the quality of gameplay. It only costs 15 dollars.
game-hours: 532.4
review: You go Pew Pew and people die. People die you win round. You win round you play more rounds. You win more rounds you kill more people. People die you get ranks. You get ranks you become real sneeki beaki. You become sneeki beaki you are then MLG Pro. MLG Pro = Much monies CS:GO Kill peoples ... Profit
game-hours: 1016.2
review: One of the BEST fps games in the world...... :D Playing cs from 6-7 years and i think this is the best update of COUNTER STRIKE :D Really all should play this game who are FPS GAMES FAN!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 422.6
review: CS;GO is easyly the best fps i have ever played but the community can be  at times by people smurfing and hacking
game-hours: 248.1
review: Good game.
game-hours: 998.3
review: Zajebis gamalka :DDD
game-hours: 210.0
review: Awesome graphics! I would get it when its onsale. I'm not the best FPS gamer, but this is really fun.
game-hours: 152.2
review: Yeah!{kicky flip}
game-hours: 989.1
review: Fun game for killing people and meeting hackers, cheaters, ragequiters, non english speaking russians, gansta kiddies but also nice people! :D
game-hours: 952.4
review: Is a very good game very adictive there is a hudge community and lots of people are friendly all the best part is the hackers and people like that are all delt with by u u need a good computer to play and just enjoy this game
game-hours: 1049.5
review: Highly recommend this game. Can be either fast or slow paced depending on what mode you play. Competitive MM is abit of a mess at the moment but it can only improve.
game-hours: 63.4
review: Not Call of Duty based. Still overrun with six-year-olds. 12/10 best multiplayer yet!
game-hours: 714.1
review: Better than COD
game-hours: 617.5
review: Best game ever !
game-hours: 608.3
review: Sooooo Good.
game-hours: 514.9
review: This is my favourite game because i'm a fan of FPS shooters and this game is just awesome.
game-hours: 1707.1
review: is a nice game and one game for all playing
game-hours: 650.8
review: i liek dis gaem
game-hours: 1661.4
review: TERE
game-hours: 70.3
review: fffffffff
game-hours: 577.1
review: good game
game-hours: 722.8
review: Thats game very very nice !! buy it all
game-hours: 637.6
review: Asd
game-hours: 399.9
review: game tbh awful plot 10/10
game-hours: 1274.9
review: This game is amazing! I was a Call of Duty player and after some time I realized how bad it actualy is, so I thought I need something new and I saw this game on sale and I though why not? And it was awesome! First at all the matchmaking works great it's not like when your new your gonna ger dropped in all those high ranked skilled players but with people which have around the same skill as you. Second you need a lot more skill and teamwork for this here is an example: when you're on the terrorist team you need to plant the bomb at site A or B. But on the other hand when you're on the Counter terrorists team you don't know where they are going so you need like 3 people to A and 2 to B if somebody gets shot at A you need your team to help up there. you need quite some skill and a good eye to play this game because you can't aim down your sights and you need to learn the recoil patterns. you also have gamemodes like deathmatch and arms race which need an small improvement on the spawns but after all it's a great way to improve your aim and learning your recoil patterns. You can even earn some money out of it by getting camo's and cases and sell them on the market I made like 10 euro's out of it and bought new weapons for it, how AWESOME is that!? but now we're comming to a verdict I'm giving this game an 10/10 One of the best First person shooters I played :')
game-hours: 690.9
review: Its the best CounterStrike i have ever seen :)
game-hours: 163.2
review: I make money playing this game. I am very skilled at it. Everyone should play. I am NiP
game-hours: 203.0
review: my history teacher plays it
game-hours: 347.9
review: Beast game . you cannot aim , only COD players give a Sh*t tho . if you like fast paced action games with a nice community this games for you .
game-hours: 1295.4
review: This game ruined my life. But in all seriousness its a great game. There is a learning curve, but the result is satisfying. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 305.7
review: AWESOME EVERYONE SHOULD GET IT
game-hours: 571.4
review: BUY IT NOW!!!!
game-hours: 139.8
review: Very good game! Sucked at first but after a while got better keep the goodness of counterstrike coming!!!
game-hours: 311.9
review: I'm absolutely Bill Cosby at this game and you know what that means...I'm the greatest alive...not really. I'm looking like Barbara Streisand out there on massive amounts of opium trying to get a day job. Overall, this game is a 10/10!
game-hours: 1420.3
review: This game is one of those games where the character you play as doesn't get any better, but it is one of those games where the player themselves get better. The learning curve on this game is amazing. There is no overpowered weapons although some may argue that the snipers and the pro90 are overpowered. Let me put it this way. THEY AREN'T! Every gun has their specialty but they all have their weaknesses. The snipers and be easily neutralized with one smoke. The pro90 is terribad in longer ranges. The only weak point of this game is that the official matchmaking server are 64 ticks, which makes the game slightly unplayable but can be worked around by playing in third party server services.
game-hours: 491.6
review: it`s the best thing for do you best in PC gaming
game-hours: 1100.9
review: 666
game-hours: 175.7
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 908.6
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 1954.2
review: 10/10 best game, would recommend kz'ing
game-hours: 1092.2
review: Best Counter Strike by far. This is team based, tactical shooter what needs intelligence. This is not CoD!
game-hours: 583.1
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. A long-awaited sequel to Counter-Strike:Source. I'd talk about that the whole day, but let's just get to the point. It's graphics? : A game made in 2012, with constant updates improving the graphics and gameplay, it's an obvious 9/10. It's gameplay?: Just like any other Counter-Strike game would be. Another 9/10 Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is an amazing game, and you should pick it up if you could. The overall score is a 9.5/10
game-hours: 754.9
review: Muito bom o jogo. vale cada centavo!
game-hours: 259.2
review: This game is sooo cool. 10/10 :D
game-hours: 1153.8
review: the best game ever 10000/10
game-hours: 133.4
review: GG
game-hours: 421.1
review: All the way from the old school Counter Strike, comes Counter Strike Global Offensive. This game isn't only great, its amazing. Also be a zeus trick shotter like me! :D
game-hours: 523.6
review: i really love this game, it kinda stands out from the normal fps formula. and i think its great that counter-strike is diffrent instead of being a copy of call of duty.
game-hours: 729.4
review: Get good and you win.
game-hours: 59.5
review: good content braw
game-hours: 198.3
review: Why are you reading this you should be playing Dota 2 instead.
game-hours: 1.6
review: dis gaem gud but no monies for gun :O - Nelson Mandela #philosophy
game-hours: 495.5
review: At first when I played this game I had an immediate flurry of thoughts relating the game to Call of Duty 6, but soon as I grew into and adapted to the games mechanics, I found myself appreciating the game a lot more as there have been glorious updates and reworks to maps I used to play in Cs: Source. Fun game, addictive, reward systems are good, buy/trade market is appropriate and overall solid game. Definantly worth a buy.
game-hours: 165.4
review: is shiit game, dont buy, awps op, shiitty recoil, no ads, guns too stronk, armor too weak, all guns are bad and feel bad, you should feel bad also.
game-hours: 1389.8
review: too addictive...........please help me to get out of this!!!!!
game-hours: 1122.5
review: Muito bom , ainda mais com o sistema de competitivo , recomendo !
game-hours: 1218.3
review: Much Shoot. Very Skill. Much buy. Wow.
game-hours: 1020.8
review: Very fun and strategic FPS. More fun when played with friends. You will spend countless hours raging but will still come back for more. 9/10
game-hours: 687.7
review: Amazing, Thats all :D
game-hours: 1093.1
review: great
game-hours: 428.2
review: Ultimately a great tactical shooter. Graphics are refined and are supported with awesome gameplay. Multiple modes also exist in the game such as Demolition, making the game possess more variety and a greater experience for the community. Into the competitive gameplay, the game is fundamentally uses tactics supplied with FPS action, differentiating it from other games. If you're into shooters and tactics, CS:GO is definitely a game that you must pick up.
game-hours: 2401.4
review: Love this game
game-hours: 285.1
review: Best game 10/75
game-hours: 97.1
review: Great Game takes a while to get used to but fun with friends!! :D
game-hours: 156.8
review: I liked this game very much, the best part about this game was the competitve matches this is where most of the action happens i recommend this to people that like first person shooter games and like fast pace gameplay.
game-hours: 357.0
review: BINGO BANGO BONGO BISH BASH BOSH EASY PEASY LEMON SQUEEZY
game-hours: 859.2
review: Great game! A lot of bugs thoguh
game-hours: 901.0
review: This is the most cool game! I love Counter-Strike and i like CS:GO too! I recommend this game!
game-hours: 252.2
review: the best game super dank top fun m8s 9/11 needs more bombs
game-hours: 40.2
review: Great game
game-hours: 661.6
review: Best multiplayer game i've ever played. It's getting better every day.
game-hours: 562.7
review: 10/10 would be called  blyat again.
game-hours: 1600.2
review: Amazing
game-hours: 62.8
review: You can't call yourself an FPS gamer if you haven't played Counter Strike at least once in your life. If you've been looking for a really good FPS game then buy CS:GO NOW!!!
game-hours: 2908.1
review: Awsome!
game-hours: 464.7
review: This game plays so well, the in-game matchmaking system is pretty good despite what others might say. The graphics in this game are better than in cs:s, enough to be a nice difference but not enough to blind you. The buy menu in this game is a vast improvement over the previous ones, where memorizing hotkeys were necessary. The workshop and the combination of the operations makes for a game that doesn't get old. 10/10
game-hours: 415.6
review: This Game Is Simply Amazing ! From 2004 to 2011-2012 It has Changed Alot There are LOTS Of Interesting Skins This Game Has Improved Alot I Love This Game And It Is Worth Buying 10/10 Love It !
game-hours: 1315.5
review: Go is love Go is life 1000/10
game-hours: 3017.7
review: 2str0ng
game-hours: 632.3
review: its cool n stuff
game-hours: 1654.5
review: VERY RUSKI
game-hours: 426.9
review: You shoot stuff while evading the elusive dust2 boss. ez skinz ez lyfe 9/10
game-hours: 988.6
review: I suggest you this game it is pretty cool
game-hours: 279.3
review: counter strike best game
game-hours: 983.4
review: Best game ever ^_^
game-hours: 140.5
review: Really good shooter once you get the hang of it. A game great for players who love to collect things and build the best loadout. Great gunplay and good community. This game can get you hundred of hours of gameplay. Probably the best shooter you can get on Steam.
game-hours: 572.6
review: Good Game Ever
game-hours: 1619.1
review: sper aq aln oynayn
game-hours: 335.0
review: team blocks : the game
game-hours: 465.1
review: so good and i feel like eating taco.
game-hours: 1274.5
review: fun shooter that has a massive community due to the popularity of this game. the competitive matches are enjoyable and a good way to let off a little steam with friends. no pun intended :)
game-hours: 489.1
review: I highly recommend this game, but not to russians.
game-hours: 534.3
review: good game
game-hours: 36.7
review: Elite tactical anti-terrorist force that can't aim down the sight of their guns 11/10 would recommend
game-hours: 570.3
review: If you don't buy this game I will slap you Let's roll-ol!
game-hours: 618.7
review: Cs:go is the perfect child of 1.6 but 1000 times better engine and graphics. the different game modes are awsome! Demolition: small maps and quick games couldt be excetuted better. competetive: filled with idiots downing your rank quickly , the only way to get a better rank is to play with atleast 4 friends and try to take care of the one tard that doesnt lissen or speak. casual: good ol' cs 1.6 in a new body deathmatch: long rounds with respawn on the normal maps. you get to buy your own kit and try out or play with different tactics all and all its an awsome game 100% woth the money! 9.5/10 - a new must have on steam
game-hours: 754.3
review: AWESOME GAME :DDDD
game-hours: 2059.5
review: Started from 1.5, went to 1.6 and now playing CS:GO. No regrets. Even though there are cheaters (rare that you encounter any), the game is ing awesome. 10/10 - Would play again
game-hours: 1434.6
review: GOTD - Game of the Decade.
game-hours: 958.3
review: Really good game! I like it! (Y)
game-hours: 968.0
review: One of the best game i have ever played, every aspect of it is great, betting on games, trading guns and playing against others. Recomend to buy it.
game-hours: 1640.5
review: One of the most fun and best shooters out there, without a doubt a must buy.
game-hours: 1048.3
review: Baller game yo
game-hours: 819.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 83.5
review: i ate my own willy
game-hours: 713.6
review: Very good game, ez to trade and earn money in it:)
game-hours: 466.7
review: Very good game!
game-hours: 1496.6
review: 2 fun
game-hours: 532.8
review: If you don't want to spend your student loan on cheap larger and pot noodles but on endless cases only to get yet another galil sandstorm and         . You should get this game.
game-hours: 197.2
review: Good game. What I really love in it: -No DLCs -A new version of CS is comes per 5 years so you can play a lot of with it -Low price -Competetive gamemode is about tactics :D -Low system-requirements
game-hours: 1485.2
review: Thousands of hours of fun, for a Very reasonable price! If you like Shooters, have a tactical mind, and like teamplay, This is the game to buy!
game-hours: 674.1
review: Amazing edition to the counter strike series, being the 2nd most played game on steam. Being about 7 times more played than team fortress two, you gotta say this game is good. And if you never played a CS game, then this honestly is the place to start. A few problems I have with this game are-- Bullet travel, yes, have you ever played this game and wondered why it delayed so much to kill the guy? Sometimes, when the gun is overused, it'll really  up your recoil. But it's more realistic this way. little kids, hackers on community servers, and a pretty  taste in music is what casual offers you. But competitive, oh man, the best competitive i've played ever in my life. The best tournament video game ever. It's KINDA like tf2, and I don't wanna say this because Idon't want the tf2 fanboys saying that csgo sucks because the gun spikes up when you shoot and the bullets arent in one pixel when you unload the clip. because tf2 has no recoil, and thus makes a lot of noobs think that csgo is  and a CoD clone on steam. Aren't they wrong? ing yeah no duh they're wrong buy it you memelording
game-hours: 1557.7
review: Vh kynyy
game-hours: 1550.3
review: VERY GOOD MY FRIENDS, LOVE IT, COMPETITIVE AND STUFF.
game-hours: 1657.0
review: MLG
game-hours: 3.4
review: some german guy was screaming that i was a  some russian dude was screaming in russian overall it was fun
game-hours: 982.9
review: FICA NESSA  VELHO
game-hours: 253.3
review: A good FPS, with competitive mode, casual, DM etc. Really fun to play with friends Collect skins you like for weapons. Bet on tournaments
game-hours: 74.9
review: I grew up playing Counter Strike 1.6,Condition Zero and Source.I used to play those games every single day with my friends and I remember those days with joy because those were the good old days when we would gather up and lose track of time.The single most important factor of the game's succes is the competitivness.Everybody from the neighbourhood wanted to be the best.And this is why it became one of the most popular and most played franchise. Counter Strike : Global Offensive was considered by many at release,not a worthy successor of the CS franchise.The graphics,the movement,the weapons even the maps were brought up as reasons of the game actually being inferior to the old ones.But as time passed people got used to the game and learned that change is sometimes good. I feel like the game really offers a lot for it's price.It's a modern FPS with key characteristics of the CS games.The game does not forget it's predecessors. The constant patching and updates that are coming from Valve are making the game better and better and I personally think that it has surprassed the quality of the previous games by quite a margin. CS:GO unfortunately has been launched in the era of the MOBA and CoD vs Battlefield.The game has too much of a competition now to ever reach the level of popularity that this franchise had. Nevertheless,the game is solid and if you are a CS fan,you will enjoy it for sure.
game-hours: 374.1
review: gay
game-hours: 88.0
review: Pretty fun i shot someone
game-hours: 504.0
review: Really fun, Don't play this unless you got money for skins lennyfac3
game-hours: 901.3
review: very good game both for casual and hardcore gamers!
game-hours: 1078.8
review: This game needs skill to be good at it
game-hours: 512.4
review: nice game MUST HAVE!!!
game-hours: 964.1
review: Perfect FPS tactical shooter.
game-hours: 338.4
review: very good game i very like this game very good game
game-hours: 824.8
review: great game!
game-hours: 577.0
review: Best shooter ever! <3
game-hours: 525.7
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 925.5
review: Trs bon jeux! se dirige dans la bonne direction! Pour les fans de 1.6, le jeux est enormment diffrent!
game-hours: 698.2
review: weri gud gem !
game-hours: 646.4
review: geras zaidimas :D umua laik :)
game-hours: 1178.0
review: Awesome game,awesome skins,awesome graphics! Best online fps game for now!
game-hours: 27.3
review: this game is the worst game ever. first of all you cant level up in this game like in Call of duty. becuase in CoD it lets you level up your pokemon to lvl 100 so you can do your annie alt while you are soloing mid lane. and unlike this garbage game call of duty redefined the MMORPG games by letting you get easy kills to call in all the airstrikes. but in this game you just have a dincky knife and a soundboard to spam snoop dog sounds. honestly Nintendo needs to go back to the drawing board for this game and add more fire flowers and more power drops so i can level up my donnel's power so he can become a hero class and that way he can marry my female avatar. this game sucks, 10/10. buy this game now.
game-hours: 120.1
review: Best game ever :))
game-hours: 141.4
review: This game is awesome
game-hours: 324.6
review: Harikulade bir oyun ..
game-hours: 26.0
review: A grossly undertrained and unsupported counter-terrorism unit combats a surprisingly competent terrorist cell with profanity and racial slurs yielding varying results.
game-hours: 1663.9
review: best game everrrrrrrrrrrrrr
game-hours: 1827.1
review: great game, good
game-hours: 1392.0
review: This is a amazing game! and if you like gambling this is also a game for you :D
game-hours: 1020.6
review: Love it! My personal favourite of all "massive online MP" games.
game-hours: 652.4
review: Best competetive first person shooter on Steam.
game-hours: 510.4
review: Awesome, one of the best FPS games out
game-hours: 116.9
review: It's got skins
game-hours: 530.0
review: yes
game-hours: 785.6
review: ezy pzy lemon squezy
game-hours: 514.1
review: let me answer the question in your mind : yes , they did it . its better than 1.6
game-hours: 667.5
review: Great game!
game-hours: 1751.4
review: Good game after 200 hours *Edit: Currently 800 hours played, still good. *Edit: Currently 1200 hours played, still awesome.
game-hours: 827.1
review: 9.2/10 This game is perfect for any person that calls themself a PC gamer... The different skills you have to master to complete this game, are vast. You cannot get good at this game, by playing for a day, a week, or even months! You must be willing to work as a team, while not exposing yourself at the same time; you must practice the aiming technique over time; and you must learn the maps you play. While this is not an easy game, and I cannot even call myself "Good" I've learned to enjoy losing and passing it off as a learning oppertunity, nobody has a perfect profile on this, nobody can always win. Most often when you die, you learn a new sniping location, or shows you a different way to use your favorite gun. Playing competitive can be exactly as the name suggests, but mainly you accept the win or loss and thank the opposing team for the good game, you may get worked up, but after the game you will calm down and start thinking about how to improve your tecnique. A hard game at the best of times, but enjoyable nonetheless.
game-hours: 413.7
review: This game ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 544.0
review: Play this game to sell items and to get other games. Long term investments with operations. 10/10 would economics again.
game-hours: 684.7
review: My Grandfather smoked toothpicks whole for his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, "If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately." Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- "Don't ever smoke toothpicks. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through." I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a toothpick or even a bean. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me autism anyway. 8/10
game-hours: 684.4
review: Case opener and rage inducer 2K14
game-hours: 883.4
review: :D
game-hours: 219.9
review: 1/10, too many hardscopers
game-hours: 543.2
review: *gets 4 kills on competitive game* *winning 9-6 on de_dust2 at halftime* "ur fukn  hacker" 10/10
game-hours: 514.7
review: Buys AK-47 for $2700. Moves to plant bomb. Sees a CT. Shoots. Hits. He is dead. Thats the game in a nutshell! (But its REALLY good) 4/20 BlazeIt
game-hours: 1524.5
review: It's gucci
game-hours: 237.4
review: This game is action-packed and is a great strategic FPS for a great price. While some players may find a lack of game modes, this is definetely a game to purchase in a heart beat
game-hours: 437.2
review: plays competitive only 1 team member is not  and enemy team has 3 smurfs. second try gets placed with some noob clan who never played the game before and thinks winning doesnt matter. 10 out of 10 would rage again
game-hours: 688.6
review: this game is very super I RECOMMEND THIS GAME!!!!
game-hours: 609.0
review: derp skins
game-hours: 339.8
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive (CSGO), in a nutshell, is a fun FPS with an awesome community. Sure the gameplay is different than other FPS's, but that's because Valve listens to their customers. Counter-Strike has been around for a long time, and it's gameplay has barely changed since it was released. Games like Call of Duty and Battlefield are constantly changing, so what happens is they loose their old fans, and gain new ones. Counter-Strike has always kept their gameplay remotely the same, so they keep their old players, and gain some new ones. For example, in Call of Duty you aim down your sights in order to be more accurate, in Counter-Strike, you crouch. Yes I know aiming down your sights makes more sense, but Valve doesn't care, because they know that their players don't care. I know this was a short review, and I focused more on gameplay than anything, but if you are into FPS's, put this game on your wishlist and buy it when it's on sale. You won't regret it, Valve knows what they're doing.
game-hours: 131.4
review: Very nice and funny game! Very competitive too.
game-hours: 1563.7
review: . ,  .   . .
game-hours: 342.4
review: 10/10 perfect for learning russian (Competetive)
game-hours: 687.8
review: CS:GO is a game to play with friends. You can solo queue but the chances that you get someone that doesn't communicate, or is a lower skill group than you is pretty high. So if you have 4 friends that also have CS:GO and you're about the same rank, it's fun.
game-hours: 490.3
review: Best game evah! :D
game-hours: 275.7
review: Nice game...some bugs
game-hours: 1320.4
review: Great and interested game. Very team based so if you enjoy team games this is the game for you. I rate 5/5 stars for individuality and detail.
game-hours: 395.5
review: Good way to learn Russian :3
game-hours: 82.0
review: ebin
game-hours: 131.0
review: I really enjoy CS:GO because of the teamwork that goes into each competitive match, lots of good sports online. Lots of drops that sell for 4c-$400.
game-hours: 104.7
review: This game is ing fun, only downside most of the people play this game, have NEVER played a CS game before and they run around like a bunch of Chickens witouth heads, But the gunplay the Tickrate is amazing, One of the Best FPS games i have ever played. 10/10
game-hours: 1018.8
review: *look at bottom paragraph for serious review Counter-Strike GO has destroyed my life. When i wake up play, when i fall asleep play. I spent so much money on skins they could by a golden mansion. I absorbed my girlfriend in this game and now she is stuck under its cruel control. Honestly don't get this game if you are a rage quitter or someone who does not have that much time on their hands don't get this game. The first 48 hours of playing you will suck so horrifically bad that you will want to throw this game at the wall. BUT! if you manage to keep trying and trying, I promise you will get the hang of it and will forever addicted to this game. This game is not easy to pick up, look at guides to boost your information to allow you to perform better. A big tip for the game. unlike cod the bullets dont fire in the crosshair all the time, they go off track so you may have to shoot the floor to shoot his body. The skins and the market are a game in it of itself in this game Pros and cons Pros: Skins (tradable, marketable, fun times) Medals and Achievments (so many so much to do so much to proove) Competitive(Will get into that later) Guns and fun Cons: TIME CONSUMING AS  If you are a gambler you will lose a lot of money. This game has cases and keys that you spin for a random item, and right when you are about to give up it gives you something a bit nice. Now about competitve: It is a gamemode where you are bound to a match of 30 rounds its a lot of fun and you get ranked for it. If you become good and play compet, you will never let it go I promise it will become life. (As long as you like fps shooters) The great thing about this game is that it will never get old you will never find yourself not wanting to play it for more than a week. SERIOUSLY THIS GAME IS BADASS TL;DR (Too long; didn't read): If you are dedicated to this game, aren't a rage quitter, and have a lot of time on your hands GET THIS GODLY GAME NOW.
game-hours: 189.3
review: LOVE THIS GAME FROM KOSOVO
game-hours: 933.6
review: Awesome game to play with 4 of your closer friends! Really fun when you like hard, competitively playable games. Communication is key to victory.
game-hours: 585.1
review: Case Opening Simulator 2014 is the most entertaining way to lose money online that I have ever experienced. 10/10 would bet again
game-hours: 643.1
review: jeste.
game-hours: 528.6
review: Sometimes when I don't hate humanity enough, I go on Competitive CS:GO and watch the autism spread like wildfire
game-hours: 965.9
review: Stickers are ing gay
game-hours: 122.9
review: Lost my social life 10/10
game-hours: 1111.4
review: AWESOME !
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 677.5
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 930.1
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2871.3
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 205.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 782.2
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 1080.3
review: This is game is awesome but if you are new to cs then you are going to practice ALLOT
game-hours: 891.8
review: Had Russians screaming at me 10/10 would do again
game-hours: 493.0
review: gg wp, ez skins ez life
game-hours: 174.5
review: Player: 4 Shots to the head Valve: 99hp Good game, must play!
game-hours: 946.1
review: Maaaan.. This  is the REAL DEAL. You can buy weapons n  and then just go to google and type hacks and  son you be poppin' everybody. This is something you want for your kids man, this is the real deal. I can't understand why it's so cheap, it's like stealing! And the hacks are free aswell! Totally ing awesome game man, thanks!
game-hours: 448.2
review: AwesoMe..!!
game-hours: 1971.3
review: Very good game. The ranking system could work differently tho
game-hours: 250.2
review: Counter strike Global offensive. This game is worth the money and is amazing. A few reasons explaining this is. 1. A variety of skins for all guns. 2. A competive and casual mode. 3. A very hard shooter. 4. Great maps and amazing gamemodes. 5. Awfully realistic. A few reasons why it is bad. 1. U can get banned for killing a teammate. (The worst is 7 days) 2. If your PC fell out while playing competive u get banned for competive (first time 30/1h second time 24 h thirth time 7 days...) 3. Some offensive people online All in its worth buying though,havent enjoyed a shooter this much in a while!
game-hours: 653.9
review: A rather competitive game. A good game for competitive players!!
game-hours: 679.0
review: 8/8 would r8 again
game-hours: 320.9
review: Amazing game I would recommend it to anyone who loves shooters + Molotovs bounce off walls amazing logic its like they are made out of rubber ;P
game-hours: 41.7
review: Bought this game for 15 USD Bought a crate key for whatever they're going for right now after 13 hours of gameplay Open my first crate Get the knife 10/10 this game has already paid for itself 10 times over
game-hours: 311.1
review: Awesome game, definitely a change from its predecessor Counter-Strike: Source. I wouldn't describe it as an upgrade, nor a downgrade, but rather a completely new feel. Definitely worth getting.
game-hours: 1314.3
review: This game is simply the best FPS there is! Why? all the reasons i can think of are listed below? Let's start of simple: 1: The game is cheaper than most other titles in the genre, and still it delivers extremly solid gameplay value. 2:Other shooting games may get boring overtime but this game's competetive gamemode keeps every match exiting. 3:Both reflexes, skill and teamwork is important so if you're a  DON'T buy this game. 4:The overwatch system and the brilliant steam support team keeps the hackers away! 5:The community.......The community is what really, really makes the game so great!(atleast 90% of it) 6:I'm just gonna say it.... I'm addicted to skin collecting and box opening, chances are that you will become addicted aswel!
game-hours: 350.4
review: awsome game
game-hours: 1195.6
review: Best game eva, trust me!
game-hours: 68.1
review: THIS GAME SUCKS
game-hours: 72.9
review: It's
game-hours: 1188.1
review: Hue
game-hours: 297.7
review: I havent played Counter Strike that much but I bought Global Offensive to try it out. I think it is an awesome game and you should really get it if you already haven't. Its also one of the main games in E-sport.
game-hours: 842.4
review: Fun game.
game-hours: 1079.2
review: Awesome, must play if u love 1.6 or source
game-hours: 869.8
review: Great game
game-hours: 461.6
review: This game is mulug but takes time to get good at. And remember " slow and steady not hard and sweaty " Uberchillin 2069
game-hours: 1127.1
review: Plays like the original. It will always be a classic.
game-hours: 2938.6
review: VERY GOOD GAME.
game-hours: 648.1
review: Best online FPS shooter atm The use of teamwork and tactics is very strong in here and the ranking system is pretty good.
game-hours: 1397.8
review: nice
game-hours: 319.3
review: Got Zuesed... then Teabagged by chicken 10/10
game-hours: 442.8
review: horrible game, gaben didn't give me a knife
game-hours: 973.8
review: sick game
game-hours: 173.9
review: Chickens explode when you shoot them.
game-hours: 1085.1
review: Spray
game-hours: 966.2
review: 10/10
game-hours: 849.1
review: its AMAZIN'()
game-hours: 301.6
review: Very balanced, addictive, perfect game. And also it is really cheap. Stop reading this, buy and play this game. Seriously.
game-hours: 392.1
review: brains out!
game-hours: 12.2
review: who the 'ef won't buy a CS game?!
game-hours: 236.2
review: Counter-Strike Global Offensive is an awesome game for its money, since it's a 10 euro game, I didnt expect such an awesome, living and good working community and game! Esspecially the competive part and the trading is AWESOME!
game-hours: 844.6
review: Yes yes smashing good , smashing good
game-hours: 74.8
review: this game is relly good not only ther hackes but hay its good
game-hours: 1435.4
review: Cool.
game-hours: 389.9
review: The game is very good. The recoils of the weapons seem to be realistic, and it is very fun to play. Sadly like 40% of the people who play it, play it for the skins to earn money. 9,5/10
game-hours: 211.6
review: Pretty good exept for me sucking in it
game-hours: 670.1
review: Ayy lmao
game-hours: 923.8
review: wow 8/8 would bang
game-hours: 196.9
review: pretty swag
game-hours: 972.1
review: i like to kill the chickens
game-hours: 330.9
review: cool game
game-hours: 502.8
review: According to the 223k gem bid on this game it's worth about $167. Clearly buying this game is a huge steal that saves you over a hundred dollars. 10/10 would click heads again
game-hours: 431.1
review: Best FPS game on steam for sure, alot of hours killed during playing it. Not that bad community, some players can be toxic and flame ofc but you just have to deal with that ^^ Worth buying it, this will stay as top rated and most played game for a long long time :) Ratings: 8.5/10
game-hours: 558.1
review: One of the best 1st person shooters i have ever played!!!!
game-hours: 468.3
review: Great game, fun playing - reccomended to have a good internet connection and microphone
game-hours: 278.6
review: Amazing game, hard to learn and very very hard to master but definitely worth it in the end. Love it.
game-hours: 6.5
review: Virtual knives worth more than real knives. 10/10
game-hours: 1593.0
review: Only played it for a little but it was fun.
game-hours: 355.1
review: CS is always great fun because you can shoot your gun.
game-hours: 890.2
review: swaggiest game of the swagtury
game-hours: 42.9
review: Aguante el cs vieja no me importa nada!, aprendi a hablar portugues fluido en 3 semanas!!!!
game-hours: 1141.7
review: everything was perfect before 1/23. then all of the sudden, this patch came out, it changed everything, i dont know how it got better, the recoil is more weird, pistols became all unbalanced, thanks valve, for ruining the game and thanks 1.6 gay  fanboys, for thinking the game got better, is this what you like? an fps like the old 1.6? but not more balanced? anyway thank you all for still being the butt hurt 1.6 fans, and no brain 1.6 , and thinking everyone dont play 1.6 is sAucer , thank you very much and proud of what you all did. I'm switching to dota2
game-hours: 1270.6
review: Very good game!
game-hours: 279.1
review: This game makes me go CS:WHOA. So many purty guns to use, so little time.
game-hours: 420.8
review: Amazing Game 10/10 for sure. Really well balanced gameplay, fun on your own or with friends.
game-hours: 2.7
review: Very addictive and technical game. Great on all types of pcs.
game-hours: 460.5
review: Best pc fps in my opinion. It seems like a small investment for such an amazing game, but the skins man. The skinz.
game-hours: 298.0
review: Yes...a very gud game after its predecessors ! Must play
game-hours: 883.4
review: Very good game, recommend everyone to buy and play it!!! 10/10
game-hours: 1146.6
review: fghdfgdfghfdgfghdfghd
game-hours: 590.3
review: ez
game-hours: 677.3
review: Im Silver 1 and I got a kill with P90. recomennnnnnded 10/2
game-hours: 188.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 525.6
review: A great game with to play with friends, just bring some patience and be ready for one hell of a learning curve (for some, not all). The only real issue I have with this game is the seemingly toxic community, from what I have seen anyway. Whether it be: teammates that ignore you or don't have mic's, Or enemies that are very unsportsmanlike and rude. Please note that most of my play time was on competitive not casual. I can't say anything about casual because I don't play it. So, to summarize: If you like to play extremely team oriented games with friends or with random people, without the ability to sprint or aim down your iron sights (except for the sniper rifles and the scoped rifles), and are willing to learn how to play then this might be the game for you!
game-hours: 3972.7
review: Best FPS ever!
game-hours: 59.0
review: Great ing Game. LOL
game-hours: 33.0
review: Needs to be a little cheaper on the keys, otherwise its a must-have!
game-hours: 311.8
review: Gr8 game
game-hours: 131.3
review: I hate this game, but i can't stop playing because it's so addictive. Would get ed again by screaming Russian kids. 11/10
game-hours: 293.4
review: silver 4 in 2 hours 10/10
game-hours: 105.9
review: pewpewpewpew BF5 beta?!??!! no really this game is f ing fun get it!~ :D
game-hours: 1401.5
review: people are mean in this game
game-hours: 212.8
review: move stop shoot move listen move stop shoot move stop shoot move listen move stop shoot move stop shoot move listen move stop shoot move stop shoot move listen move stop shoot move stop shoot move listen move stop shoot move stop shoot move listen move stop shoot move stop shoot move listen move stop shoot move stop shoot move listen move stop shoot votekick
game-hours: 524.3
review: Pros: I learned russian in under a month Less hackers than cod Either stay silver or instantly reach Legendary Eagle (   ) Fanbase isnt like FNAF Cons: The (   ) is too (   ) for (   ), seriously, Gabe(   )Newell please (   ) the pr(   ) of (   )s. Also it has chickens 420/69
game-hours: 98.9
review: great
game-hours: 719.3
review: THE GREATEST GAME OF ALL TIME
game-hours: 464.6
review: I started playing this game and i got to say the amount of females i was getting doubled
game-hours: 1024.2
review: i love this game its the best fps game since cod
game-hours: 70.1
review: Great game, extremely addicting. But make sure to practice, or you get insulted by others.
game-hours: 247.5
review: Very good game, you need to have skills and mind for it!
game-hours: 9.9
review: digital knives cost 240 dollars
game-hours: 1171.5
review: ....
game-hours: 323.8
review: awesome
game-hours: 1075.5
review: opening cases is throwing away money in this ing game and the prices of the keys and  are even rising i want to say one thing  YOU GABE YOU LET ALL POEPLE THROW AWAY MONEY
game-hours: 689.8
review: Everyone should try it, if you havent yet, really what are you doing? For everyone casual and more competitive players!
game-hours: 283.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 184.5
review: SUper
game-hours: 559.6
review: This game is wher it's at in FPS games. A timeless classic with some minor differences from it's predecessors, but sure does have the good old counter strike feel to it.
game-hours: 466.7
review: Very good game!
game-hours: 1497.3
review: 2 fun
game-hours: 532.8
review: If you don't want to spend your student loan on cheap larger and pot noodles but on endless cases only to get yet another galil sandstorm and         . You should get this game.
game-hours: 197.2
review: Good game. What I really love in it: -No DLCs -A new version of CS is comes per 5 years so you can play a lot of with it -Low price -Competetive gamemode is about tactics :D -Low system-requirements
game-hours: 1485.2
review: Thousands of hours of fun, for a Very reasonable price! If you like Shooters, have a tactical mind, and like teamplay, This is the game to buy!
game-hours: 674.1
review: Amazing edition to the counter strike series, being the 2nd most played game on steam. Being about 7 times more played than team fortress two, you gotta say this game is good. And if you never played a CS game, then this honestly is the place to start. A few problems I have with this game are-- Bullet travel, yes, have you ever played this game and wondered why it delayed so much to kill the guy? Sometimes, when the gun is overused, it'll really  up your recoil. But it's more realistic this way. little kids, hackers on community servers, and a pretty  taste in music is what casual offers you. But competitive, oh man, the best competitive i've played ever in my life. The best tournament video game ever. It's KINDA like tf2, and I don't wanna say this because Idon't want the tf2 fanboys saying that csgo sucks because the gun spikes up when you shoot and the bullets arent in one pixel when you unload the clip. because tf2 has no recoil, and thus makes a lot of noobs think that csgo is  and a CoD clone on steam. Aren't they wrong? ing yeah no duh they're wrong buy it you memelording
game-hours: 1557.7
review: Vh kynyy
game-hours: 1551.0
review: VERY GOOD MY FRIENDS, LOVE IT, COMPETITIVE AND STUFF.
game-hours: 1657.0
review: MLG
game-hours: 3.4
review: some german guy was screaming that i was a  some russian dude was screaming in russian overall it was fun
game-hours: 391.9
review: You shoot stuff
game-hours: 496.0
review: There are two things I to do and that is watch Porn and shoot people in the face! This game doesnt have Porn but I can shoot people in the face over and over again!! It brings all the fun of killing poeple and bomb planting without the danger of certian death.
game-hours: 465.6
review: This game is: 10% luck 20% skill 15% concentrated power of will 5% pleasure 50% pain 100% reason to purchase this game
game-hours: 586.0
review: Tried to play arms race but you still run on your feet. 3/10
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 677.8
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 930.1
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2871.8
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 205.7
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 782.2
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 335.4
review: Awesome game! How to get an expensive knife: Step 1: You don't. Hope this helps!
game-hours: 238.6
review: gbn plz
game-hours: 166.5
review: yes
game-hours: 708.8
review: Gg!! great game!! too expensive items
game-hours: 178.2
review: best angry russian simulator vodka/10
game-hours: 764.3
review: <3
game-hours: 1414.1
review: very good game i like it !
game-hours: 899.9
review: awesome. best fps game ever...
game-hours: 857.9
review: Sick game init
game-hours: 602.0
review: I like it.
game-hours: 1457.1
review: GG good game
game-hours: 560.0
review: Counter Strike Globally Offensive is an excellent game overall. The dynamics of the game make fun and interesting for a long lasting time. I have played this game for almost 500 hours and i assure you i will continue playing because there are endless oppertunites of things you can do in this game including Competitve, Casual, Deathmatch, Arms Race, and the Workshop. Also you can get skins for your weapons which adds a personality factor to the game and their are multiple ways to get skins you can buy a key and case; and unlock the case with the key; But when you do that you have random chances of geting an asortment of skins. The Grand prize however is a knife which can be worth alot of irl money. So Overall i would give this game a 10 out of 10 in my opinion
game-hours: 415.1
review: So personally this is my second best game beaten by Civilizations. I love how the game can drastically change who is winning the game. I bought this game when it came out for like 2$ Then like a month ago i started playing it and it is so fun. I may not be the best player but I really recommend this game. BUY NOW!
game-hours: 1811.0
review: The book was better than the movie.
game-hours: 709.2
review: First off, This game is amazing and has hours of fun, competitive gameplay. Takes a great deal of effort to learn to improve on this game and is very rewarding once you get the hang of it. Second, Protect your wallet. this game will suck your wallet up like a vacuum cleaner and you'll have no idea it even happend, The variety of skins to be bought and boxes to be opened is crazy. Overall, this game is fantastic for anyone who likes FPS Games, just nothing close to the Call Of Duty Genre. Amazing communication, Great ranking system, etc.
game-hours: 52.8
review: My first experience with Counter Strike Global Offensive 1. Joins a casual deathmatch server on de_office 2. Spawns 3. Walks 4 feet. 4. Headshotted by guy with an AWP 5. Spawns 6. Walks 4 feet 7. Some guy comes flying from the corner, crouches, and sprays me with the Negev 8. Spawns, but this time i buy an auto-sniper so i can get revenge 9. Gets called a noob over the voice chat by some 13 year old for using the auto-sniper 10. Numbers 4 and 7 repeat 11. Match ends 12. Everyone puts "gg" into the chat And dont say i suck. I played CS:S when it first came out, and it was one of the very first video games i have ever played. I loved it a lot, and i dont know how a great game like that could spawn this MLG-fest 10/10 would get headshotted again
game-hours: 5.9
review: ..
game-hours: 76.3
review: Good game Much Fun No sight LOL :D Much Money MAKING BUY THIS ING GAME DO :D
game-hours: 413.7
review: Very otsen good game
game-hours: 311.2
review: I'm - fairy Leyla!
game-hours: 16.8
review: Its a great game, wish i had it though.
game-hours: 289.6
review: I won a crate with competitive play and I need to have a key to open it. GG Team Fortress 2 rip off 10/10 would play again though
game-hours: 257.7
review: After learning a lot of Russian words from DOTA 2, my friends suggested that I should move to a more advanced dictionary called CS:GO. I thought : ,   , so I went ahead and tried it out. Boy, I was  of how good the Russian teachers were in this game, seriously, it's so . I can now fluently speak Russian and every time I meet my friends in real life I greet them with nahui,  blyat. I recommend this dictionary to everyone who has a hard time swearing or calling insults on the internet. You will not only learn professional swear words from here, but you will also rek everyone on the internet with failproof arguments. 11 / 68 - Would get stuck on Silver any time, anywhere, vodka.
game-hours: 28.4
review: da degls go flipy flup
game-hours: 927.0
review: Best Games <3
game-hours: 297.4
review: OMG knifes a chicken. It dies 10/10
game-hours: 135.3
review: i played, i died, they laugh. it was fun.
game-hours: 1274.3
review: ,    150    ....
game-hours: 652.8
review: 11/10 -IGN
game-hours: 495.5
review: This game is so swag that i cant even
game-hours: 303.1
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a very fun and addicting Competitive/Strategic/Tactical First Person Shooter which lets you play as either a Terrorist who has to plant a bomb or guard hostages, or a Counter-Terrorist who has to defuse the bomb or escort the hostage. All in all it is a very fun game, and I really reccomend it. Wether you want to try to play with the big boys, or just have fun with friends.
game-hours: 193.7
review: Simply addictive and absolutely fun to play both alone and with your friends
game-hours: 619.0
review: It's fun game
game-hours: 323.1
review: :D
game-hours: 1769.4
review: 10/10 gud game
game-hours: 343.6
review: Awesome
game-hours: 538.9
review: Not sure if better than legendary 1.6, but this game is awesome.
game-hours: 322.7
review: This masterspiece is so ing beautiful. 10/10 need moar skins.
game-hours: 319.0
review: Good shooting game, if you can ignore the sudden deadly lags happens unexpectably during the game :D
game-hours: 401.5
review: I LOVE THIS GAME BUT IT MAAKES ME ANGRY WHEN I PLAY WITH PEOPLE WHO DO NOT UNDERSTAND ENGLISH OR ARABIC OR PEOPLE THAT GET ANGRY WHEN THEY LOSE :) LOVE IT <3 <3 <3
game-hours: 869.5
review: The epitome of pure competitive skill based FPS, its the one game where once you surpass the steep learning curve, every death you suffer is your fault and could've been avoided. The drive to overtake your opponents and become hone your skills hooks its claws into you bone deep. WARNING: Highly highly addictive, lost friends, dropped out of school, lost motivation for most other things in life. Not recommended if you have prior substance abuse issues or an addictive personality.
game-hours: 468.4
review: <3
game-hours: 547.2
review: I'm totally not doing this for the community pillar requirement. very good game.
game-hours: 526.5
review: Sick. I love these types of fps games
game-hours: 439.1
review: BUY IT!
game-hours: 1720.3
review: This game is hurting my balls. I can't really say if I should recommend it or advise you to toss it in the next trashcan you see. It's loads of fun when you're playing with mates and you're really having a good time. - sometimes It's making me sick and really pisses me off. There are alot of smurfers and cheaters - sometimes This game has so many good things: - Matchmaking ranks - Skins - A variation of gamemodes - Community servers - A good balance - A nice competitive mode But also alot of bad things: - Hackers - Smurfers - Troller/ Deranker/ Griefer - Teammates that are impossible to understand/ that are just s <3 - A horrible so called "Case opening addiction" comes with it. But seriously. This game will make you rage and it'll make you laugh. You just need to know when it's enough. It has a variation of gamemodes/ guns/ people and chickens. There are funny, good but also bad updates. There are alot of scammers and alot of phisher around the game. I can't really decide what I should say. I had a good time playing this game. I had a bad time playing this game. Try it yourself. It's worth the 15. If you don't want to pay as much you can just wait for the next sale. See you in-game!
game-hours: 792.5
review: Good game but i dont love the ban for week :(
game-hours: 1837.2
review: DA BEST
game-hours: 276.3
review: This is the best Counter Strike in its Franchise. Awesome game to play! You Guys/Girls should Definitely get it =D!!
game-hours: 346.9
review: good
game-hours: 719.3
review: Very good multiplayer shooting game where you fight against your good players and you can raise on rank.
game-hours: 51.1
review: Told to GTFO of Competitive Mode and go play DM instead. -Check Random guy start playing classic music throughout an entire game in Italy. -Check 20/15 will recommend to my grandfather to play this.
game-hours: 111.7
review: 60 Hours of Russian class. Definetly worth it! :D
game-hours: 276.0
review: It's alright
game-hours: 304.7
review: great game to play with your friends and the steam community. If you are into team tactics and fps get this game :)
game-hours: 114.6
review: Knife skins are more expensive than real knives 10/10 Nuff said
game-hours: 203.0
review: I do not think this is better, nor worse than Counter-Strike: Source. It is just different. And I like different. The Global Offensive guns don't look to shabby. But, with a downfall. It seems they took some out, in place of new ones. And, thought this is my own opinion, seems rather hollow with the pistols. If it just had one more pistol, this would not be needed to talk about. Over all, this game is more than worth it to check out. It's a very great game, and that's why I recomend it. It has a very nostalgic feel to it. Like a 'Blast From the Past' if you would. A VERY weird upside is that, for some reason, I can join servers faster than when playing with bots, and I also have better ping on seldom servers. Another upside is that the game is harder. For any new players of Counter-Strike, this still is a great game, plus, you could still practice with bots or on a practice server. This game makes me smile everytime I hear the short version of Hazardous Environments. It brings you back to the roots of Source. And who cares if the graphics are not up-to-snuff? Graphics are just a pretty little bonous that many people do not realize (for the most part) effect the actual game play. I know that there are more things good with this game than not. And the things that are not are smaller scaled things than the things that are good. And for the record, Valve really did make the game. They just need to give some credit to the people that helped them. For anyone who likes Counter-Strike, or new players, this is a great game. Thank you for your time if you read this. Goodnight and good morning.
game-hours: 715.0
review: ten/.
game-hours: 929.8
review: It's kay
game-hours: 79.6
review: really nice game!
game-hours: 200.5
review: Very good game, could play it all day.
game-hours: 700.8
review: Nice
game-hours: 580.9
review: Amazing, Fun, Competitive
game-hours: 266.5
review: gg
game-hours: 43.0
review: + good old memory of CS back in the days classic FPS - expensive skins. especially knife
game-hours: 677.0
review: Best game ever! ;)
game-hours: 451.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 699.1
review: it started out as a small game with a friend and i got my first skin it has been more then 300 hour and i have spent all my school money on skins. i need help.
game-hours: 1020.1
review: 10/10 best game ever !!!
game-hours: 994.5
review: One of the best military shooter games ever made.. Great graphics Objective work Fast-paced Balanced weapons Longevity and variety every once in a while by new pass(maps, weapons etc) Addictive. Competitive community/playlist Less learning curve. Difficult to master. Most rewarding game out there. Coming from a guy who used to game only on playstation. Sure shot classic!!
game-hours: 480.5
review: gr8 b8 m8 I r8 8 / 8
game-hours: 10.1
review: Nice game :)
game-hours: 222.6
review: Counter-Strike is one of the few games that you actually could enjoy even if you played it for the past 2 years. New content by the month.( maps, gun skins, updates, fixes) The community may not seem firendly at firstbut if you are friendly and overcome the others you make a change in your team.( a lot of players are salty ) The competitive mode it's really good but it has it's downsides... for example the matchmaking system is not really polished.( a lot of hackers ) DO NOT buy this game if you don't want to stay and practice.( as said above some people will flame uncontrolably if you fail ) You can be the guy who plays casual all the time, but if you really want to experience the full game then you should start practicing and play competitive matchmaking. ( rank system will determine your skill level ) Overall great game!
game-hours: 429.6
review: 7.8/10 too much water
game-hours: 385.7
review: Best
game-hours: 97.7
review: The game is a great source game :) It can easily run 160fps on my pc
game-hours: 26.7
review: Best russian package for rosetta stone as of 2015
game-hours: 216.0
review: smurfers everywhere.
game-hours: 60.2
review: Very nice game , balanced and realistic.
game-hours: 705.4
review: Source and 1.6 players can now flame each other violently in the same game.
game-hours: 359.4
review: 300 + hours and im still bad 10/10
game-hours: 2087.8
review: i love this game
game-hours: 109.2
review: Bought it like a month ago and its amazing i love the skins and the adreninline rush great game!
game-hours: 241.1
review: A classic
game-hours: 1065.2
review: An amazing FPS game, very competitive. I don't suppose I will stop playing it.
game-hours: 2238.8
review: good game, get called hacker all the time fun times
game-hours: 74.9
review: ez skinz ez lyfe
game-hours: 464.1
review: NOOICEEE.
game-hours: 229.5
review: GOOD GAME 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 421.9
review: I made lots of money of this game.. Helped me feed my doggies. 10/10
game-hours: 293.9
review: Like TF2 but with hats for your guns.
game-hours: 486.3
review: i now own it
game-hours: 276.3
review: I LOVE THIS GAME !!
game-hours: 146.4
review: "Move up." the team leader whispers, scanning the area in front of us with his M4 as we slowly cross the street. Sweat circles my brow and hits my shoulder, making me alert of my surroundings. I think i see a figure in the distance but it is hard to see with this heavy helmet and these dark goggles. I tighten my grip on my carbine. I am in my element and something is in my presence; i can feel it. A feeling of sheer nervousness and dread washes over me like a tidal wave, "am i going to die?" I asked myself. Suddenly, i hear a loud ping and an explosion of blood erupts out of my teammate's helmet as i hear "BOOM HEADSHOT" over the mic. Before i can even point to the shooter, i am on the floor with a bullethole in my head. "BOOM HEADSHOT  I ED YOUR MUM LAST NIGHT"... i am dead. 10/10
game-hours: 228.7
review: really good game
game-hours: 695.7
review: good
game-hours: 121.4
review: just.... love it :P gameplay is amazing, big collection of weapons, awesome maps. and in the workshop alot of player-made-maps and mods. its better then COD and BF in many ways, but also worse in some. its a very good game 9/10.
game-hours: 181.5
review: highly recommend
game-hours: 154.5
review: hackers all !!!
game-hours: 82.5
review: Very hard reaction time based twitch shooter. It simulates real war alot better then most other FPS games.
game-hours: 214.1
review: the best game i ever played
game-hours: 14.0
review: ?
game-hours: 300.6
review: Defusing the bomb without using hands since 1999
game-hours: 905.1
review: awesome!
game-hours: 582.4
review: gooooood
game-hours: 60.7
review: Takes a long time to connect servers and friends, but after all this game is great.
game-hours: 270.6
review: I Learned How To Get Scammed In Approximatly 1337 Ways 9/11 Would Play Agian
game-hours: 905.5
review: Nice game !!!!
game-hours: 367.2
review: My favourite MOBA
game-hours: 151.7
review: take out matchmaking..... no poimt in it anymore. every match i check the accounts of every player and at least 2 are smurfing or hacking. atleast stop putting the game on sale, they froff on that
game-hours: 538.0
review: 5/5
game-hours: 29.5
review: This game is tons of fun. I never get enough of it even though I've played only few hours (haha). If the question you're asking yourself with a pretty dumb face is: "Should I get this game?" then the answer is well maybe. But again you'll say: "What do you mean by maybe is it a yes or a no?", well since I'm recommending I'll tell you: "You should totally get it man".
game-hours: 503.9
review: You shoot people for cash
game-hours: 69.3
review: very ood game
game-hours: 116.3
review: great game
game-hours: 74.4
review: LOOMYNARTY ??????
game-hours: 516.4
review: Toll
game-hours: 362.4
review: the best game ever!!!!!! lovin it never get tired of it!
game-hours: 983.6
review: pew pew pew
game-hours: 756.6
review: bezt gam3 var
game-hours: 1135.7
review: Everything about this game is awesome. Except the official matchmaking. and its 64 tick servers. and the hit registration. and the community. and the anti cheat system. oh and its digital knives cost more than real ones... Yet somehow I blew a thousand hours on it. I guess the chicken AI is half decent?
game-hours: 238.5
review: nice game lol
game-hours: 235.8
review: Judio abelankedesh vrolomitau. Zae Counter-Strike : Global Offensive jojopila montona judastia eredest. Polonic aserta veredo hujin bfopi jghae. Ezter onolula sula pula. GGWP.
game-hours: 1282.1
review: it has chickens 420/69
game-hours: 672.5
review: nice game!
game-hours: 925.5
review: ye
game-hours: 526.1
review: Git gud m8
game-hours: 389.3
review: It's nice
game-hours: 439.7
review: is fuuuun for all me amigos in their sombreros plus now me have all de wepons even billion dolor thingies
game-hours: 664.8
review: Smeker
game-hours: 110.9
review: i always get killed by euro players who say #rekt get owned nerd gg stupid silver 1 learn 2 play wow  owned 1 shot ak47/getting shot in the foot causes massive bleeding and death what the , sorry, i forgot to mention that if you're good either a) la smurf or b) elite script kiddie also have fun spraying guns in a 3-4-5 triangle formation sine waves divided by 0 okay, also, the m4a1-s is  now that it's 3100, yeah pay more for a gun that can't oneshot lel, all in all, ak47 strike is an excellent game overall ,or was it awp strike?!?! okay sory, i still have more knowledge to spit, shotguns are king of la crop because of radial spray, no 3-4-5 sine triangles at people k, the community is the highlighy of this game, lowering my iq 3 points per buttfrustrated insult after getting owned by my akSINE3-4-5 shooter, lel get better smurfs nerd kill urself, also dust simulator gives distinct advantage to ct becaues of autosniper survival okay give a devastator 20 bullets and slug rifle dmg k u feel me? have fun getting a 3 year cooldown because ur wh0le team left after round 1 gg, if u don't see # or rekt you're not playing a proper game of awp strike have fun trying to tame the wild sine shooter that is every gun in the game except the awp foot killa cannon
game-hours: 271.9
review: Pretty Damn Good Game (y) Pretty Much like CS 1.6 just remastered and high detail everything!
game-hours: 646.0
review: Nice first-person-shooter game! Recommended it to all who loves playing with guns :D
game-hours: 765.9
review: EXELENT
game-hours: 268.6
review: After my short experience of gameplay i've come to find that this is not an FPS.. its a trap, its actually a casino, you put your hard time and money into these slot machines hoping you get the big money... 420/69 would go bankrupt again
game-hours: 42.5
review: very nice and awesome game
game-hours: 161.8
review: Probably One Of The Best Game I Have Ever Played! :D
game-hours: 1152.0
review: Competitive, enjoyable, but above all else, ing frusterating. Join in and rank up while having a blast with all your buds. That is, if you win of course :D
game-hours: 220.9
review: I really enjoy playing it.
game-hours: 110.6
review: That awesome
game-hours: 9.0
review: The best "How the  did that not hit" Simulator there is.
game-hours: 4.4
review: i bought this game for a tf2 itemz
game-hours: 194.3
review: For those who do not have the game to take it quickly. Because it's too strongly imaginative 1.6 with pretty good graphics I learned as a PC with a 4.0 rating you can go very well. And you and some cool items you win the competition. And too much fun !!! . Rate this game 11/10. XD
game-hours: 185.5
review: Amazing game, good strategy needed. 10/10 LORD GABEN!
game-hours: 364.0
review: Really awesome game. Love it:D
game-hours: 469.4
review: the Competitive Cooldown
game-hours: 196.8
review: :|
game-hours: 308.5
review: This is by far my favorite competitive shooter, even though I've only played 30 hours on it. The game's mechanics are simple and very easy to get used to, even for someone like me who's spent 50% of my time on Battlefield for one year. The graphics are nice and the game runs very smoothly on most computers (I've tested the beta on a 6-7 year old graphics card and it did not dip under 60fps on high settings). The matchmaking usually works fine for both competitive and casual mode, but it can still take a while sometimes. Now, I've said before that the mechanics were simple, but it doesn't mean the game itself is simple, or "easy". Every competitive round is a battle involving your aiming skills, your movement as a team and as an individual, your timing, your intuition and sometimes manipulating the other team psychologically. A match can sometimes be so stressful that it will leave you exhausted and sweating when it's over. Legitimately. An important part of the game is also communication with your teammates. If you learn something about the enemy team, you must use text or voice to tell it to your mates. Playing with a microphone is good, but playing with people you know is even better. The biggest flaw that can be frustrating is the "Come on, this bullet totally got him" feeling, that could possibly be fixed most of the time with 128 tickrate servers instead of 64. To end this awfully written review I'd encourage everyone who hasn't played this to buy it and give it a go. Praise Gaben.
game-hours: 639.7
review: Welcome to the game where people do not speak English. Where people will live action shotgun in the head when they have only t-shirt and glasses. Valve balance Silvers vs Golds balanced Just the same  your team. Glory team killers
game-hours: 460.8
review: very good game
game-hours: 365.6
review: Test
game-hours: 576.3
review: It was not so fun first 20 hours, but after that it was.
game-hours: 1709.2
review: Very fun and enjoyable
game-hours: 51.6
review: GOD TIER GAME!!!
game-hours: 643.3
review: gg no re
game-hours: 174.0
review: Good game ^^
game-hours: 193.4
review: This is one of the first games that has got me hooked within a few hours, not your simple shooter but rather one that requires tactics, teamwork, and precision. It may be hard at first, especially if you are coming from games such as Battlefield or Call of Duty, the only downside is that it has a learning curve, but once you have got past it you will be enjoying this game like no other. 9/10.
game-hours: 2056.8
review: Only buy this game if you are a hardcore pc gamer ;)
game-hours: 121.6
review: No.
game-hours: 2103.1
review: da best
game-hours: 212.3
review: 9/11 Terrorists win
game-hours: 14.7
review: Bestest.
game-hours: 955.1
review: rolling in skins, haters gonna hate ain'ter gonna .
game-hours: 116.9
review: 8/8 m8
game-hours: 120.3
review: one of the best game i've played ever and really good to learn russian!
game-hours: 609.9
review: I banned 10/10
game-hours: 1635.1
review: I rly love this game as other cs . Much fun . Much swag . much money :)
game-hours: 535.4
review: OYN GUD GEIM JA LAIK TU PAYGRAT IT
game-hours: 124.7
review: One of my favorite games that I played in 2014
game-hours: 226.0
review: If you liked shooter's this game will be a blast of fun :)
game-hours: 323.2
review: Best fps game . Don't have yet? Just buy it and enjoy.
game-hours: 638.4
review: i play only this game
game-hours: 444.2
review: I haven't played any CS until this game. I bought it about 1.5 years after it gout launche, this summer exactly.First 100 hours i spent them on casuals and i had a pretty fun time!After that i started playing competitives and i can admit that this game is a blast! The gameplay is awesome... I only got bored of it when I had bad days and I couldn't play well and got owned. This game can even run on a potato so I think you'll have no problems running it. In conclusion: Even if you are a new CS player this game will still be enjoyable at first and a bit later, after you learn the basics it will become AWESOME!
game-hours: 520.1
review: I like this iteration of the Counter Strike series not because of it's amazing price at only 15 USD or because of the updated graphics. I like this because of the better engine and improved game-play, smarter bots, great steam community and amazing potential with the new engine for mods to come.
game-hours: 44.5
review: Fake and Gay IGN 15/10
game-hours: 80.3
review: off wh, ing scrub (c) Pub
game-hours: 738.0
review: Very good game. Unlike CS 1.6, GO developed so much and now it's on higher positon then 1.6. Also no cheaters and if there are they are banned for good. There is ranked system which I (Y) and it's very realistic game. Perfomance is builded up and it's also realistic like gameplay. I like this game very much and I recommend it to every FPS gamer in the world.
game-hours: 255.1
review: It is a good addicting FPS game! 10/10 you can make profit out of it i paid for it 10 euros i bought games valued of 30 euros and i have some pretty good items!
game-hours: 738.5
review: very fun, takes skill
game-hours: 737.5
review: Cs Go is nice competitive and casual game you can play it long long time before starting to get bored of it like i did but i really recommend even trying this game cuz it's interesting game whit all thoses ranks and skins totally would recommend.
game-hours: 1393.4
review: i'm an addict
game-hours: 566.9
review: 10/10 The best game I ever played, I never had more fun with a pc game.
game-hours: 375.2
review: Got banned for a week because some  on my team walked into my bullets gg no ing re PS  you Gaben you
game-hours: 404.9
review: It is counter-strike, must i say more?
game-hours: 1963.9
review: Game like a sh.it, Full of scammers and cheaters. VAC doesn't work. Community suck. Last option is playing Tutorial. Do not buy this game.
game-hours: 191.9
review: I LOVE DIS GAME
game-hours: 125.7
review: It's good
game-hours: 687.9
review: Counter-Strike Global Offensive is how should i say it's sometimes fun sometimes it's not Well since CS-Source went a bit down and players are shiftting to this next generation of Counter-strike Gaming so this Game is probably the most intense fps game i've played since there are so many of these god damn hackers in the game it hits you hard with rage madness such nerve rackingness & the struggle in some of the games against them my god they are such A HUGE PAIN I'm starting to wonder if Steam supports hackers Vac3 is a complete Joke Overwatch is more of a joke they should put more people on the Watch or Valve should develop a more sophisticated Banning-System or this game will never be fully enjoyable ........................................... Competitive is fun with the right players and if all players are using mics and if all are players are doing good response between players on reporting enemy locations then the games are quite enjoyable still so many players don't use mics and or are just de-ranking on purpose and or just fragging and or trolling thus De-Ranking is INEVITABLE!!!!
game-hours: 631.0
review: Great game, would recommend it to anyone who likes FPS games! There are lots of different aspects to the game, you can trade skins, or play the wide amount of game modes within the game.
game-hours: 188.3
review: best game.
game-hours: 1373.8
review: awsome game
game-hours: 312.0
review: I know you will hear this from everyone who plays this game but this is hands down the greatest first person shooter ever made. Graphics look better then the cod coming out in 2 years Gameplay is fast and (I know you cod fans wont understand this next word) has MECHANICS. Teamwork (its 2014 get a microphone) And a veriety of maps and gamemodes to enjoy
game-hours: 383.7
review: :d2antimage:
game-hours: 963.0
review: THE BEST FPS ON THE PLANET
game-hours: 766.3
review: Very amazing FPS, Though it can be extremly frustrating when you miss your shots. Especially for me being a huge competitive player, I hate when I miss shots. This game is well made, it also offers in game purchases, You don't need to buy anything the game isn't pay to win, obviously. Anyways, go and get CSGO if you want to be really competitive! <3 10/10
game-hours: 1124.7
review: awesome game
game-hours: 587.1
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 308.3
review: Fun game, toxic community.
game-hours: 743.2
review: just nice in general!!!
game-hours: 84.7
review: so i get into a game right, everyone agreed on knife round so we did and you know that one person starts shooting, so next round we didnt agree on knife round and people are knifing so i shoot and get kicked for it plus a lot of the poeple on here take the game way to serious its fun but it can get bull  to. i recommend it and at the same time i dont recommend it. score wise maybe 6/10.
game-hours: 121.5
review: gr8 m8
game-hours: 524.8
review: good game
game-hours: 824.3
review: Type type type type. Review time? I think so. Counter-strike:Global Offensive is a skill/tactics based shooter brought from a company (that I assume) we all know and love, Valve. Valve did a pretty good job on CS:GO, including the recent update of (purely cosmetic and optional) weapon skins and StatTrak counter, helping to fund competitive. You choose a game out of a nice choice of game modes; hostage, defusal, arms race and competitive (plus whatever the community can throw at you), all of which are perfectly executed and stay true to earlier Counter-strikes. What I love in most Valve games, is the adaptation of Source Engine in this game, not a casualized and limited version of the source engine (like L4D2), in which I could use all the commands I was used to, being able to bind and customize the game just how I wanted it without restriction. The graphics in CS:GO are beautiful in the sense of the word, but impractical. CS:S had clear models, each distinguishable from each other easily, where CS:GO's player models are varied per map and slightly blended into each other. While this is easy to adapt to, it is the only flaw I hold against CS:GO. Gameplay is highly tactical and skill based, which you'll quickly discover in competitive gameplay (easily accessed in the play games menu), which is scaled to your level of skill, I may add. Playing with friends outside of your level in competitive is easy and balanced, as the opposition gets a teammate on the same level as your friend. If competitive is not your taste, you still have access to the trademark vanilla server browser, to peruse the community servers (zombie escape? Surf?) courtesy of a button on the main menu. There is also a decent plethora of weapons to use and master, each with favored tactics, areas, and encounters, you'll never be short for choice in a map. The game is very much alive with 27k players in the competitive pool to find servers, and more servers hosted by valve, you will have no problem finding people to play with. I've yet to find an official server that is laggy (thanks to a 'Maximum allowed ping in matchmaking' slider in the options) so all is good there, *cough* chivalry official servers *cough*. As with any source game, community servers have nice plugins that add a flavour and uniqueness to every server, along with custom gamemodes and the such. The game's option menu is fully fledged (which I really wish I could say of many other modern games, I mean, look at Thief II's menu ;_;) and merged with the console functionality is perfectly customizable. An example of this would be that I have the entire f5-f8 group bound to buy certain loadouts in a flash at the start of the round. All in all, if you like competitive gaming fun (or even casual hour-burning sessions), then I gladly recommend this game to you, even if you are new to the Counter-strike series, or a mouse-and-keyboard hardened veteran. get rekt nublets, over and out.
game-hours: 1044.5
review: Just cant stop playing
game-hours: 184.2
review: This game is killer
game-hours: 126.4
review: Amazing game but you wont be the best at the start but practice makes perfect
game-hours: 618.7
review: An amazing game, extremely competitive, some crazy looking weapons that you can get and a great interface. Deffo worth the cheap price!
game-hours: 556.3
review: Elo system is broken Im gold nova 3 i ususaly play against Master Guardians or Silvers Obviously elo system is broken if elo worked i would play against nova 3 players becoouse our skill group would be same i even once played against global elite and Legendary Eagle when i was gold nova 2 i won the mach after that mach i lost one and got deranked 1/10 Thanks Gaben!
game-hours: 412.6
review: Good but hard to get awesome skin
game-hours: 190.9
review: Better than any other military shooter i've played. The skins are beautiful and the gamemodes are fun. The fact that people can host servers, make maps, and skins is amazing. If you like shooters you'll love this, if you like being involved in the steam market you can make alot of money here. Just keep playing. Great community shooter.
game-hours: 764.8
review: awesome
game-hours: 881.8
review: One of my favorite FPS games. It can get frustrating, but it's still fun to play, especially with friends. I recommend using headphones and a mic, since team communication is vital in competitive.
game-hours: 797.7
review: Good Game
game-hours: 731.6
review: You can kill chickens
game-hours: 1283.7
review: THIS GAME IS AWESOME AND ADDICTIVE!
game-hours: 82.0
review: unbalanced please fix the following items : - awp
game-hours: 482.4
review: Good game :)
game-hours: 453.8
review: I would recommend this game, its easy to run and it is a heck ton of fun.
game-hours: 5.5
review: There are little Chickens that run around the map and dress up for holidays. 0/10 Needs Animal Diversity
game-hours: 1332.5
review: 10/10 Would play again
game-hours: 217.3
review: This is by far my favorite duck simulator to date. its got graphics, birdseed, and a hell of a lot chinese cuisine to make anyone happy. It features such amazing maps like pond, resteraunt, and my personal favorite, crossing the street. Theres something for everyone in this game
game-hours: 1173.8
review: Best first person shooter out there. Fast paced games, tight maps, hard strategies. Skill level is off the charts. A must play!!
game-hours: 464.6
review: rmind me off kol offf doty it almst as gud as kol offf doty 3/12 meh
game-hours: 643.9
review: Still the best FPS
game-hours: 748.6
review: This game ing blows, It banned me for a week.
game-hours: 515.9
review: i play only this game...
game-hours: 361.5
review: luvv the game, but when will there best the next out
game-hours: 109.3
review: Met about 1000 russians none of them were stalkers
game-hours: 55.4
review: Probs my fave game
game-hours: 279.1
review: good
game-hours: 403.1
review: I absolutely love it. Spent all of my steam wallet money on skins that i barely use. 11/10 would skin again
game-hours: 680.5
review: Whats up people who scroll down here. My names Reagan and i would just like to tell you that this game is not for beginners. This is a game that takes skill, effort, and team plays. If you play call of duty dont even ing buy this game its not for you.
game-hours: 380.0
review: best game ever made
game-hours: 635.9
review: Probably my favorite game ever. I play it with my friends all the time. Sometimes, I play by myself. 10/10
game-hours: 291.6
review: Amazing
game-hours: 130.7
review: Socom:GO is Awesome!
game-hours: 207.8
review: Great game. I get to shoot people without getting arrested.
game-hours: 304.6
review: Amazing game, gives some opertunities to earn some steam $$$$ :D + meat a lot people. Love this game 4 ever!
game-hours: 526.2
review: An excellently crafted game combines both skill, teamwork and a little bit of luck for action packed rounds worth of fun. BE warned this game is not for the faint of heart and is extremly competitve. Give this game time and master all it has to offer and soon you will find yourself having alot of fun and being rewarded by this. HIGHLY recomend getting some friends together for this game as that just increases the fun.
game-hours: 1.7
review: greatest game i ever played
game-hours: 289.8
review: I got this game because there's a butterfly knife in it.... Then I found out a knife is $100.... Ah whatever, it's a great tactical FPS and I highly recommend playing it.
game-hours: 1840.3
review: best
game-hours: 436.2
review: Good Game
game-hours: 223.8
review: Awsome game. Game is training your reflex and abillity to think and react fast. Recommend it.
game-hours: 139.1
review: classic old cs, with a bit of twist
game-hours: 478.6
review: Has a wierd community. The game itself is good.
game-hours: 404.1
review: a god!
game-hours: 528.1
review: The Best game
game-hours: 264.7
review: Rage Simulator 2011
game-hours: 393.4
review: Great game, would recommend!
game-hours: 1190.1
review: Very good game :)
game-hours: 24.1
review: Prost))00))
game-hours: 1016.3
review: sick game real sick
game-hours: 203.6
review: Great game! :3
game-hours: 429.3
review: Its great I have lots of fun.
game-hours: 735.8
review: This game is HARSH.
game-hours: 620.9
review: great game . worth the money
game-hours: 660.0
review: Pros: Pretty much everything. Cons: The attitude of a good chunk of players.
game-hours: 276.1
review: No need for a review. This game is awesome.
game-hours: 569.1
review: Russians at Dust 2. + chickens 10/10
game-hours: 2246.7
review: best game...
game-hours: 193.4
review: You cant win with this game. if you are new to the game or if you are a low rank you get called "a ing noob" or if you are good or a high rank you get called "a ing Hacker". But aside from that this game does give you one good thing, you come out of it with an A* in your Russian exam.
game-hours: 395.6
review: Counter-Strike goes without saying that's it's one of the oldest First Person Shooter titles out there that has still to let out it's dying breath. It's a very tactical game where you must eliminate the opposite team. So tactical that from playing this, you get to learn foreign languages, have a degree in social communication skills, group chanting, radio broadcasting and wonder how you can't hit someone at point blank and if that d*ck that killed you is indeed a hacker or not. Welcome to the best FPS on the market.
game-hours: 1247.2
review: Love the game... Hate the hackers...
game-hours: 33.1
review: Like the previous games in the series, Global Offensive is an objective-based multiplayer first-person shooter. Counter Strike: Global Offensive adds new weapons and equipment not seen in previous installments, most notably the firebomb for each side (Molotovs for Terrorists and incendiary grenades for Counter-Terrorists). These temporarily cover a small area in fire, dealing damage to anyone passing through. Personally, I enjoy playing this game and obviously recommend it. We also have our own KRP servers in this game so you can join us and have fun. 46.174.52.104:27015 - KRP Knife Arena 46.174.52.129:27015 - KRP De_Dust2 Arena Visit our website, we'll be glad to see you there and on our servers - krp.clan.su
game-hours: 720.5
review: If Russia has to do a census, they just have to play some matchmaking.
game-hours: 13.9
review: countr strik g o is gud countre stirke gmae xcept 4 teh in lag. awp is best gun ftw!!111!!!1!
game-hours: 892.8
review: gg
game-hours: 866.5
review: Pls dont hurt me gabe. NO GABE NOT THE P2000 IVORY I WANT THE BUTTERFLY KNIFE NOT THE P2000 ING IVORY!!! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
game-hours: 813.0
review: Such amaze many wow.
game-hours: 203.1
review: good game!
game-hours: 532.8
review: Someday I will unbox something other than a Blue category weapon.. Someday..
game-hours: 663.9
review: Bought 120$ headset for this game to hear who ed my mother in best quality.
game-hours: 304.7
review: This is one of the most solid strategic shooters I have ever played, I love this game the hacker count is high but it's one game and they're gone. You need to listen to your team, Silent team = Silent Game. You need to play smart, Run and gun = Splattered brains This game is not for all the FPS loving gamers but this is defenitley a good title and should stay that way for a long time to come. Hope you found this helpful thank you please leave feedback.
game-hours: 809.5
review: OMFG YES buy this game its soo awesome ... but buy market guns only if you need them ... they're realy espensive and if you tell comeone in real life they'll laugh at your face. I spent 60+$ on the market only for guns such as a usps orion...
game-hours: 736.6
review: Awesome game! Except when it comes to Competitive games and the bans that you can get... for example you can get banned for "kicking to many players in recent matchs". Other than that it's fun and has amazing graphics!
game-hours: 101.8
review: Its got me hooked
game-hours: 409.5
review: So lets make a reveiw shall we, if you are considering buying this game, it will take practice, more likely you will suck to begin with, then you will get silver before never ranking up because every time you think you are close to that nova some guy anchors so hard the entire boat sinks. 9.5/10 For Great Gunplay, Map Design (*coughs* DUST II *coughs*) and in general just a good game to get good at
game-hours: 202.3
review: I like it because of the GoGo Girls - Cody Brooks (And well, the game is called CS:GO so yeah, GoGo Girls... GEDDIT? HEHEUEHEUHEUE) And well, i tried to play arms race but you still run on feet. =/ So i give this game 3/10 because of that B...but.. but... you know what? F*ck it. 11/10 Got Cody Brooks in it.
game-hours: 365.9
review: Great teamwork great gameplay and great weapon skins. What more could you possibly want?
game-hours: 1144.8
review: Yolo~
game-hours: 4.0
review: Everybody yells at me to do  that I don't understand. They tell me to do stuff I don't like. It makes me uncomfortable. They stick things in my- Oh. I'm writing a review for CSGO? I thought it was a review for that one time in Florida. It's a good game.
game-hours: 174.2
review: (dust II) see trough the door wait 3 sec and get yourself a headshot 10/10 best game ever XD
game-hours: 803.9
review: The rage in competive matches ruins friendships.... 10/10 Would rage again
game-hours: 1382.6
review: .  .
game-hours: 162.6
review: CS:GOvno Waste of 11 eu
game-hours: 1976.3
review: Awesome game, best ever!
game-hours: 442.7
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 477.0
review: Reason #1 why so much people don't get past silver 5: Russians. Valve please, give them their own server and ban them from being able to matchmake with the rest of europe since they don't speak a international language and dont know  about team tactics.
game-hours: 582.5
review: Ruined my life and wallet. 10/10 Best game ever.
game-hours: 1003.8
review: This is the best game I've ever played and since I discovered it, I don't play other games anymore.
game-hours: 378.1
review: Not only does this game contain small angry little 8 year old russians, screaming and yelling at you. The game contains one little thing, that can change your view of life in many different hateful ways, the thing is called recoil. It is everywhere in the game, and will make you force yourself to smile while you're crying because those angry little russians keeps on shooting you and somehow doesn't get banend in competetive. Because the game has all these russian kids, valve had to do something about it. They couldn't just ban all russians, because 2/3 of their players would be gone. So they made this simple little thing that would make you keep on playing.. Being able to make money. Yup, you heard me. By playing a single little match, you could make up to 40. That is, if you're lucky enough and/or haven't quit yet because of the russians. So basically, this game is a test, which will haunt, irratate, slowly kill and torture you. 7/10 would reccomend
game-hours: 422.8
review: Best way to learn Russian
game-hours: 451.2
review: beste ja !
game-hours: 161.6
review: Joined the game kid started screamming on the mic week later i was gold nova 3 after a couple of more games i was Silver 2 because of CoD fanboy hitting me with knife everytime.Now everytime i join a game i see hackers from the enemy team just killing me and my whole team through the smoke and the wall i check his profile and he has only 10 hours 10/10 Would die by a hacker again
game-hours: 458.1
review: This is an awsome game, that I bought on sale. I was told it's not worth 15 bucks. Well if u were a big fan of cs source, it's worth every penny. It's only like 15 bucks, and one of the most popular games on steam. BUY IT!!!
game-hours: 949.8
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive or I am not playing!
game-hours: 112.6
review: NORM ESLI ZADROTIT' A TAK NE NORM
game-hours: 556.2
review: 11/10 would bang! An amazing (not  ALL THE TIME) FPS that will change the way you play everything
game-hours: 111.4
review: It's an awesome game. I liked it!
game-hours: 642.0
review: Suchtfaktor SEHR HOCH!! :D Einfach ein geiles Game.
game-hours: 803.1
review: Counter Strike............hmmmm ive been playing since about 2010 with css and when i hear about go i was so excited i played it and it was a wonder to behold and now its still amazing hell better than it was before. Well what does it have to offer: Community: The community can be kinda bad mainly when the game goes on sale, thats when the hackers and mental patients buy the game, but mainly its like minded fellows who will actually know how to shoot back and cooperate rather than give a  about hats or skins (on occasions) Skins: The whole skin thing started back in august of 2013 i was there to see it myself and i was way to ing excited to see those things, now the community has taken the side of valve to make the skins themselves as you can see with the workshop and other places where skins might appear. There crates kindof like tf2 except no cosmetics, there skins for guns ranging from these ranks White, light blue, dark blue, purple, red, pink, and a darker yellow (2 items are the yellow rank). these ranks of the skins show their rarity and *cost* so to speak on the skin itself. There is also a quality system for the skins and that ranges from: Factory-New, Minimal-Wear, Field-Tested, Well-Worn, and Battle- Scarred. Gameplay: Well if you have played a Counter Strike then you know what to expect besides the skins, guns, maps, and other goodies. If you are new then are looking at a search and destroy gamemode except thats the main game besides Arms Race(Gun Game), Demolition(A smaller normal cs with gun game qualitys), Deathmatch(who can get the most points by killing people in the given team), and Casual and Competitive(normal cs). There is no create a class so you have to buy your guns at the start of each round, first is the pistol where all u can afford is pistol, armor and grenades. The buy menu is circle where each of the given weapons are shown like rifles, smgs, etc. each weapon cost money and that money comes from killing people or planting the bomb etc. Now to Story. Story: Really...............Really............. you really thought this game had a ing story really my god people im done goodbye *shoots self* Graphics: Its a valve game that uses a enhanced version of the default source engine. If im not mistaken it uses like a Source 2.5 engine i think idk. The graphic quality is probably the best looking valve game mainly because of just how new it is, But other than that it looks very good and is not needing a highly OP PC to be able to run the game im using a decent laptop for gaming and i can run it, my friend's grandma's computer can run it and thats pretty good. Overall Review 9.5/10 This game is off by .5 points because of the community sometimes but other than that you will have a blast playing it i swear to you and hey it goes on sale a ton so if you got a few bucks spend it on go!
game-hours: 744.8
review: very good
game-hours: 54.9
review: THIS GAME IS: 10% LUCK 20% SKILL 15% CONCENTRATED POWER OF WILL 5% PLEASURE 50% PAIN AND 100% REASON TO PURCHASE THE GAME. (Please keep in mind this game is actually more than 20% skill.)
game-hours: 709.6
review: Best shooter I have ever played, though this requires quite hardware even for lowest settings. I wasn't into FPS games before this, nowadays became part of daily life.
game-hours: 300.6
review: Meh. Got placed Silver 2. Played ~50hours first two weeks.
game-hours: 1058.1
review: shot a terrorist 8 times in the back he 180 and one hitted me 10/10
game-hours: 290.4
review: PETA is attempting to arrest me for animal abuse against chickens. 420/69
game-hours: 18.8
review: Your a full blown savage if you get this game. Its the PC version of call of duty online. First day i played like 12 hours (idgaf its a good game). I promise it will be one of the best game buys you ever made. p,s(you better go hard in paint when play or youll get kicked.) P.P.S(no joke no beginners in pc gaming should get this.) P.P.P.S(you have to have c.o.d reflexes to play quick you have turn up alot honeslty if your all the way to my reveiw and still havent gotten it take your baby @$4 to sleep and uninstall steam) P.P.P.P.S(JUST GET GAME)
game-hours: 347.5
review: Ready? *Clicks ready* 10 people accept Round #1 One Guy leaves before the round starts Round #2 We are leading either way Round#3 Now we have two bots, I thought they confermed they were "ready" ttt Round#4 We loose Round #5 close win Round #6 guy wants a kick but doesnt want to surrender even though 2/3 wanted to surrender, Round #7 We kick the guy, he's so freaking dumb he gets a day ban well kk Round #8 It just started we are loosing, alright time to try to clutch.... Or no.. that one guy on my team kicks me.. Now the game is basically saying "You have a cooldown for too many kicks" WOT That was like my first kick well alright -Restarts cs- WHAT!! 7 days? Really valve....  cooldown sys good game 7/10
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 677.8
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 930.1
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2872.3
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 206.1
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 782.9
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 1339.8
review: you can shoot chickens what else can i say
game-hours: 136.8
review: I absolutely love this game. it is a nice shooter, and it doesnt lag on my  pc.
game-hours: 1270.2
review: gay
game-hours: 199.9
review: I like this game cause of the graphics and you can choose skins, it's get's more personally so i think , what i dont like with cs go is alot of people got sort of VAC banned without no reason. I recommend this game strong to other people
game-hours: 150.9
review: BUY IT NOW!
game-hours: 524.5
review: Good game,you can get much items and skins on CS:GO its not cost so much and easy to play :)
game-hours: 2513.0
review: good game
game-hours: 180.1
review: There's birds in this game. I really like birds. Chickens, if you want to be specific. I think the chickens are relatively balanced in the game, their clucking isn't too loud and they flock around the map in a very wonderful way. Some people say that chickens are too OP, as their squawking startles newer players and causes them to cower in complete fear. "Please nerf OP chickens!" they cry, and so chickens were given an unnecessary nerf which greatly ruined my most favourite weapon in the game. I think the biggest flaw in this game, is that there isn't chickens on all the maps. I think every map should have chickens on them, as they provide an immersive and deep strategic element to the game's standard matches, especially in Competitive mode. Another complaint is that there isn't enough variety of birds, I'd like to see different types of birds on each map, like bald eagles on every map that has SEALs on them, or turkeys on Dust maps. Overall, the game is very balanced and refines a long time tradition of celebrating the joyful wonders of avian life, even if it's only a specific type. It's only rarely in games that I see birds play such a significant role in gameplay, and it does it quite well compared to games like Far Cry 3 and Assassin's Creed. You should buy this game if you happen to love birds, as it's a very compelling, rich, and competitive experience for those who do.
game-hours: 1016.7
review: learnt Russian quicker than i ever could on Rosetta Stone. 10/10
game-hours: 308.9
review: cool
game-hours: 599.9
review: Very nice strategic game.
game-hours: 632.8
review: Well, as a 7years css gamergirl, i can say: Css is much easier to play. There are some weapons you can easily use, but some like M249, which was much easier in css (non-stop-fire you can kill more than you think :D), is very difficult. I hate the stupid request (vanguard), because its senseless. However. Its still a nice game!
game-hours: 1014.3
review: I like it
game-hours: 493.2
review: 0/10 would no longer play this game. Player base has went to hell, join any game and you get a Cod  Blocking you or Doing anything to get in your way. Was a Gold nova 4 went into five games. got body blocked Told to eat  Ect ect. Played 5 games lost 3. won 2. top chart or 2nd best each time. Deranked to Silver elilte. played more games. got deranked to Silver 4 have won 19 games since. no rank up. Teamfag blocks me when i have awp. Kill him and enemy Get 7 day. 10/10 would Use uninstaller. OH and good luck Trading anything of value. STEAM/VALVE. does JACK S#IT to stop SCAMERS ACCOUNT Hijackers and ECT ECT. this game is a DE-RAILED Train Full of S#it Head Cod players.
game-hours: 582.4
review: THIS ACTUALLY WORK! Step 1) Hold breathe for 5 minutes. Step 2) Die.
game-hours: 867.4
review: NICE
game-hours: 523.3
review: yES
game-hours: 1095.2
review: The best competetive shooter out these days.
game-hours: 1692.0
review: Counter Strike is known on its big succes. Global Offensive is no diffrent. It brings back what the old Counter Strike was like and gives you a lot more. New multiplayer mods suchs as Arms Race are pretty good so as the new weapons. So much that you can achive with new counter strike. Graphich have been improved but in some point it cant match the new FPS games that have much better graphics. Source engine do its work but not that much to match the new FPS shooters. Also the big lag problem is still there. If you are in a match with a lot of players its going to lag very hard. Overall the new Counter Strike is very good and feels awesome. It brings back what the old CS had and gives you some new features. New guns, mods maps and a lot more can drag you in hours of playing. 9/10
game-hours: 1017.6
review: gaem gud
game-hours: 142.4
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 487.2
review: 8/8 m8 gr8 game countless hours and still can't get enough of it.
game-hours: 1904.5
review: gg
game-hours: 355.9
review: Prepare to( in game) --- Be called a noob for using a P90. Rage when your team Zeus-27x's you for raging at you like a little kid. Rage when a little kid screams in the mic. Be called a  when you use an AWP and miss as the last man alive. Be kicked for missing an easy shot through a smoke grenade. Get fragged by your teammates. Get teamkilled. Listen to the enemy team cheer about how they made that SUPER MLG shot through the smoke mid. Be called an MLG pro when you get an AWP kill but then die because the enemy team used P90. Use P90 because YOLO. And. Finally. Be stuck in silver ranks with: little kids, smurfs, bad players, ragers, and people who just.Don't. Give. A. Flip. Prepare to ( in the economy) --- Look for knives that cost 100-10000 dollars that really cost 10-100 dollars in real life. Buy skins so you can be kool kidderz. And plz cod kidz, uninstall and go ask your dad to get you advanced warfare so I don't have to deal with you garbage players plez.
game-hours: 905.4
review: You can kill chickens in this game and get away with it 10/10
game-hours: 1213.2
review: this game is so fun and amazing to play if u dont have it now u should buy it
game-hours: 142.0
review: 10/10 would chase chickens again
game-hours: 220.9
review: Sick game, everyone should own it.
game-hours: 179.4
review: I like this game because my guns have Skeletons on them.
game-hours: 6.1
review: Really good game. Nice skins,good guns and friendly players.
game-hours: 353.8
review: Best game ever! love you CS:GO
game-hours: 785.8
review: play 10 games Get gold nova 2 rank join your first game with a rank get a ruski team 11/10
game-hours: 629.8
review: This game has more bugs than your mother does under her pingabell If you want a dirty game to lag like your mothers bugs This is the game for you!
game-hours: 980.6
review: Ossi
game-hours: 501.2
review: Game is addicting as hell, skill difference makes you wanna keep playing all day, er day.
game-hours: 173.4
review: Recomand
game-hours: 257.6
review: I thoroughly enjoy CS:GO. mostly the competitive aspect as I don't enjoy the casual gamemodes. Now, although competitive is full of hackers/trolls/smurfs it is an incredibly fun and engaging way to play. It teaches you how to play and there are many helpful guides online. The negatives, if you have a team who don't communicate it is a large issue as you cannot give information about the enemy and disucss tactics. Also, smurfers and hackers ruin matches but are vital in the learning curve of CS:GO as they teach you how to make better decisions and keep your cool. As myself, coming from mostly LoL I didn't struggle to pickup the game and found it as a great way to relax in casual gamemodes or play competitively. One large thing I didn't mention earlier is getting banned automatically. For example, you can become banned from kicking too many teammates, which I think is ridiculous, but is implemented. So a few tips, don't kick people unless you really have to and don't afk/leave. This will save you from some bans. It requires you to be proactive with your learning of the game to find tutorials and learn from more experienced players to do things such as strafe shooting and headshotting. If you can master these techniques you can do greatly. The ranking system is slightly confusing but requires you to win many rounds and games successfuly to rank up. It can become annoying but you will eventually rank up. TL;DR Great competitive scene, easy to learn but hard to master. Buy this game if you're looking for an FPS game that is unique and enjoyable to play with friends. 9/10 10/10 (If hackers and smurfers were lowered, but we all know that isn't possible)
game-hours: 394.9
review: 10/10 BUY IT *THIS IS ALSO JUST FOR THE BADGE*
game-hours: 369.8
review: Tek kelime ile mkemmel .
game-hours: 116.5
review: yesyesyes
game-hours: 70.6
review: Buy p90 and spray. Easy win
game-hours: 489.4
review: This is the mineral I crave. This game is the best thing ever. I run around with some weapon people keep calling a scout and i can 360 jumpshot their face. Best game evar. 8/8 its gr8 m8, would play - IGN
game-hours: 1426.4
review: Yeah!!! This is the best except whenever you shoot some one the bullet just goes through their head.. :/ 64 tick servers OP
game-hours: 404.4
review: THIS GAME IS: 10% luck 20% SKILL 15% CONCENTRATED POWER OF WILL 5% PLEASURE 50% PAIN AND 100% REASON TO PURCHASE THE GAME.
game-hours: 759.4
review: Better than 1.6. Not for CoD players.
game-hours: 846.3
review: Best Fps I have played, Not noob friendly :)
game-hours: 743.8
review: Rude. Doesn't Listen. Will Let the Enemy Kill You if it's his benefit, then blame you for it, then shoot you in the back when you turn his own  on himself.
game-hours: 525.4
review: Smmooooooooooooke
game-hours: 170.6
review: 10/10 would recomend
game-hours: 1180.0
review: This game is awesome. If you are looking for an easy to run version of cod, this is not for you.
game-hours: 249.4
review: Best FPS game money can buy, You will never get sick of CS GO. love this game so much. 10/10
game-hours: 571.0
review: Counter Strike sucks mad .
game-hours: 346.9
review: Great game dont play if u dont have skill with competive fps
game-hours: 131.6
review: Great action game, but takes awhile to get used to if you're new to the series.
game-hours: 266.9
review: i love this game. i have been playing this game for a while and it is one of the most balacned games on steam.you are able to get skins for your gun but it won't change the stats,only the looks.it is hard to learn how to play well and some people may call you noob but once you do well it is very rewarding.
game-hours: 428.9
review: this game is so fun
game-hours: 453.7
review: .
game-hours: 347.8
review: 10/10 will rage again
game-hours: 1162.2
review: pask pela, kooderid platsis
game-hours: 821.7
review: This is BEST GAME ever I play veRy nicE
game-hours: 477.7
review: Sabijam igru.
game-hours: 146.8
review: This Game is a dad of fps!!!
game-hours: 444.5
review: Good game
game-hours: 1021.5
review: One of the best games!
game-hours: 414.4
review: Pure action, worth every cent
game-hours: 278.5
review: Decides to go solo. 4russians appear in ur team. UR top fragging. 1v5. You die. You get kicked.
game-hours: 248.8
review: konge
game-hours: 1328.0
review: Nothing more then awesome =D
game-hours: 390.0
review: i love it!
game-hours: 327.0
review: Now it's Camo-Strike: Global Camouflage
game-hours: 936.1
review: Gives a whole new definition of ''Smurf''
game-hours: 837.9
review: Russian language sim 10/10
game-hours: 475.5
review: Knife Cost In Real Life: 10 Knife Cost In CS:GO: 500$ 11/10 Would gaben again.
game-hours: 25.2
review: this game is awesome! finally a FPS with out killing Russians!
game-hours: 89.2
review: Best Game CS : GO
game-hours: 375.1
review: My favorite game!
game-hours: 452.5
review: This game is so fun that you will put down all the other ones you play and star playing this one for a really long time. the maps are well evened for both teams(but there will be those maps that arn't somethimes) play with fun players which will most have mic to. guns are always fixed if to strong or to weak so they get evened out eventually. this game is my favourite online game now. 10/9 (      )
game-hours: 385.7
review: A GOOD GAME
game-hours: 178.3
review: Best Game N/A. So swag you can shoot chickens. Valve support sucks tho, so if you have any problems its no use contacting them.
game-hours: 81.5
review: its like it has multiple hats but really it just has multiple weapons. 10/10 hat transmogs
game-hours: 658.5
review: Awesome game very addicting!
game-hours: 37.3
review: this is quite a great game filled with action, strategy and teamwork i recommend it for everybody
game-hours: 591.6
review: Very well organized game where two sides verse each other in many different maps, Counter-Terorists vs Terorists! A good amount of guns which you can have customized skins for! Also has a great trading community. Must TRY!
game-hours: 1334.2
review: Let's GO!!!!!! Counter Strike GO, the best place you could possibly ever wanna go. Let's GO back to de_dust2, taking it back to the roots. Let's GO back to all the old maps. Let's GO play ranked matches now. OMG, let's ing GO and play a gungame. Let's ing GO and queue up for  now, holy  what are we waiting for?!?!?! LET'S GO!!!! CS:GO, Just another CS to GO out and play! Worth it every penny.
game-hours: 593.7
review: CSGO is Love CSGO IS LIFE.
game-hours: 483.4
review: Great game.
game-hours: 1317.7
review: Awesome game.
game-hours: 1045.7
review: Very addicting and very fun, way better than cod in my opinion
game-hours: 492.5
review: ITS GREAT
game-hours: 179.9
review: Spent my childhood playing this game on my dad's computer but it got corrupted and i lost my only copy of counter-strike source, finally one day i found out about this amazing game and it changed my life. 11/10 would reccommend- is what i would like to say except the csgo community is filled with people that think a sniper rifle which is designed for long distance combat is for ''quickscoping noobz'' and if you hardscope like you're meant to use a sniper rifle, you're considered a noob. People dont care about skill anymore and only care about the expensive skins for weapons you can get. Csgo is now a digital gun camo collector. 11/10
game-hours: 228.5
review: Waw
game-hours: 499.7
review: sick
game-hours: 471.6
review: Awesome Game love it
game-hours: 934.0
review: Get Point by killing chicken , tks Valve
game-hours: 408.5
review: Epic FPS game!!! Well Worth the money. I would highly recommend for enthusiatic gamers.
game-hours: 1014.8
review: Great game
game-hours: 569.0
review: no good drop simualtor 2/6 thumbs up
game-hours: 103.6
review: cool
game-hours: 551.4
review: Too much russians.
game-hours: 637.3
review: 11/10
game-hours: 38.3
review: Really amazing!!
game-hours: 572.6
review: Awesome
game-hours: 1124.3
review: very good game!! worth the money
game-hours: 322.7
review: I have a love hate relationship with this game, as do most people :P
game-hours: 142.1
review: It's a cool game for those, who love cs.
game-hours: 559.4
review: good
game-hours: 415.3
review: *Just get's unbanned after 7 days* *Joins game* *Four russians kick you* Another 7 days of being banned.
game-hours: 645.2
review: Sik game bruv 420/69 -11/10 IGN Good
game-hours: 729.4
review: new cs ;[ bol'ee menie norm.
game-hours: 1601.8
review: The Best FPS, competetive game. What I ever play.
game-hours: 302.5
review: dont play this game unless you want to lose your life
game-hours: 287.6
review: Very nice game
game-hours: 1393.0
review: If there is a game where you can play4fun and watch competitively speaking its CSGO. The graphics arent the newest but they are still good. With source2 coming out (2015 i hope) CSGO is gonna look awesome.You can play JailBreak,Zombie Escape or just a simple Comp Game.
game-hours: 826.1
review: Great game, especially if you like shooting games
game-hours: 1253.4
review: it's ok
game-hours: 202.4
review: This game is an eye opener to how much of a homosexual I was. I thank all the 10-14 year olds who told me how much  I suck or how often these kids have sexual relations with my mom. I never knew my mom was a  till now but I will talk to her about it. I also never knew my dad  me till they told me and thank god they did cause I filed a lawsuit and won against my father he was very angry, but I have peace now.
game-hours: 538.2
review: Now, i dont normally get emotional about FPS games but... The cute little russian 9 yr olds, as they scream sexist insults and try and offend you family... It just gets me teared up! 10/10 would learn how to speak russian in a high pitched accent again!
game-hours: 461.9
review: Best Game EVER!!!
game-hours: 756.9
review: A good way to learn some new languages ;) Yet I'm a international translator for very important politician like Putin, Merkel, Obama and Bin' Laden :P FREEDOME FOR EVER AND L2P NOOBS ---> GET REEEKT <3
game-hours: 654.1
review: One of the best games I have ever played.
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 677.8
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 930.1
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2872.3
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 206.1
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 783.4
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 197.4
review: good...
game-hours: 411.7
review: Oink. Good stuff 86/100
game-hours: 463.6
review: Lived and played long enough to be called a smurf. 10/10 good game.
game-hours: 273.8
review: good game
game-hours: 648.8
review: I never played Counter-Strike before. CS:GO was the first CS I ever played and I love it! Great gameplay, good graphics, simple tasks and lots of missions. The thing I love the most about this game is that you can actually earn cool skins. You should definitely buy it!
game-hours: 550.7
review: amazing game :)
game-hours: 1087.8
review: gr8 game i r8 8/8 and appreci8
game-hours: 126.1
review: This is way better than 1.6 or Source. Both 1.6 and Source are full of hackers, this one has too, but less. GO also adds molotovs and decoys which is pretty cool. This version also has much better graphics and improved maps, which keeps me playing even more, because graphics DO matter. Gameplay stays faithful to the original 1.6, which is really great because theres lots of 1.6 players that moved on to this version. It also runs great on old hardware. Rating: 9/10 If there were less hackers, it would be 10. (AND YES, THE AWP IS STILL 1-SHOT KILL. .)
game-hours: 474.0
review: Excellent game. Had a lot of fun and competitions playing it with my friends. I would recommend it to anyone.
game-hours: 514.1
review: i r8 8/8 m8 the b8 is gr8 m8
game-hours: 561.7
review: This game is very !
game-hours: 605.2
review: This game is good, buy it now
game-hours: 548.5
review: What is there to say... Simple mechanics, addictive gameplay, skins for your guns. This game has it all!
game-hours: 1323.2
review: best game which i played!
game-hours: 470.8
review: Melhor experincia competitiva que um jogo j me proporcionou.
game-hours: 3815.2
review: O futuro!
game-hours: 115.2
review: gr8 game m8 8/8
game-hours: 1044.0
review: i like it :D its a counter strike game whats not to expect?
game-hours: 893.9
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is probably my favorite game right now becuase of the possibilities in-game. You have all the weapons in the game to start of with, but there is a lot of skins to make them look better. There is a huge amount of skins you can collect from cases, marketing and betting. You can also get nice drops from missions. The game is almost all about statrategy and chemistry between players. There is also different roles. The most played gamemode is probably Competetive. After 10 matches won, you will receive a rank that will organize who you are gonna play with. The ranking system is based on the ELO system. There is also Deathmatch, Arms Race and Casual. The CS:GO community is huge and I could easily give this game a 10/10 becuase of that.
game-hours: 341.3
review: Hell yes! I murder everything with a Negev.
game-hours: 2183.3
review: gg
game-hours: 1645.1
review: Por vezes pode ser uma dor de cabea mas altamente viciante
game-hours: 1251.0
review: Picked up this game because my friend told me it was like Call of Duty so I decided to pick it up in the 2013 summer sales but after playing it for a while (check hours) I realized that the aiming and movement in Call of Duty are more superior compared to CS:GO, I don't like how when you move and shoot your bullets are completely random, I'm used to playing Search and Destroy and running around with my MP7 destroying kids dreams not having to stop and worry about recoil and it's a huge inconvenience, Also how come the MP7 can three shot people on Modern Warfare 3 but takes 5 shots on CS:GO? Because Valve made a very unrealistic game! Buy a game which takes skill such as Modern Warfare 3 or Battlefield 4.
game-hours: 958.8
review: very nice
game-hours: 574.6
review: One of the best FPS games I ever played, the graphics is stunning, and the part I like the most is how smooth the game goes, even when Im using a crappy laptop, the game still runs smoothly without lag. This game requires skill and teamwork, controlling recoil, strategy, which I feel like this game can improve your awareness and tactics. I would rate this game 4.5/5, I would definetely recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a new FPS game.
game-hours: 489.6
review: nade-throwing corner-camping simulator now you can buy a Greek god for $100 in comp
game-hours: 815.3
review: One of the best games i have played on PC amazing learning curve and is fun to pick-up
game-hours: 759.4
review: Best game Ever made by VALVE.
game-hours: 266.4
review: VERY NICE GAME THIS IS IMPOSSIBLE!. 1) HIGH SKILL! 2) NICE GRAPHICS! 3) NICE PYSICS! 4) GOOD ARTWORK! 5) LOVE VALVE!
game-hours: 826.7
review: Awesome Game, try not to get addicted to the case openings ;)
game-hours: 696.7
review: best game ever !!!!
game-hours: 1532.5
review: Go is fun, actually
game-hours: 1242.6
review: best fps game... ^_^
game-hours: 684.3
review: This is a good first-person shooter game. played it sinced 1.6 came out.
game-hours: 1095.7
review: !
game-hours: 219.1
review: After 100 hours in CS:GO, I have realized how incredibly taxing this is on my heart and liver function. Due to this game is have had to have a pacemaker and 2 heart stints added. I have pondered suicide and many other unspeakable acts. For the love of all humanity do not buy this game. Do not let someone pay you for this game. What starts as just a game turns into a living nightmare of pain, suffering, ridicule and endless medical bills. On to the CS:GO community. There are many kind players in CS:GO. About 2% of the population. If you do not want to be cursed at in many languages by many different aged people, do not activate voice communication. After 2 days, you will find yourself sucked into the horrible pit that is the CS:GO community. To conclude, this game is utterly terrible in every aspect. Review 2: edited 2/16/2015: So me and my friend had this great idea. lets sell all of our skins and do a trade up contract. and then Gaben decides that we are unworthy and he rekt us. This game is utter trash. I hate it. Why Gaben? All we wanted was a Cyrex. Not your p90 trash assimov. Thanks a lot Gaben
game-hours: 71.5
review: AweSoMe
game-hours: 446.0
review: 30 min cooldown - got kicked too much for playing like  2 hour cooldown - got kicked for doing  1 day cooldown - Internet shutdown in my neighbhorhood 7 day cooldown - played like /had to walk dog. Volvo why u do this? Too much cooldown
game-hours: 102.7
review: Awesome game! One of my favorite!
game-hours: 1199.9
review: Best Game EVAH! Highly recommended, you'll have hours of fun.
game-hours: 2144.0
review: The one and only competitive shooter out there... The one and only rage introducing shooter out there... The one and only shooter where you can interact with verious kind of cheaters. In case your blood preasure is too low, play a view rounds on the very well optimized servers - against any people from everywhere around the world. Play it, rage quit, play again, repeat. 10/10 would buy again. WARNING: This game can cause a major lost on braincells, anger, hate and auto-aggressive disorder. Play with caution... or leave it.
game-hours: 433.7
review: 10/10 -IGN
game-hours: 441.0
review: Good game, like this
game-hours: 937.7
review: amazing.
game-hours: 661.0
review: AYYYY
game-hours: 12.9
review: This game is more fun than my real life
game-hours: 581.7
review: Must buy if you love FPS games! This game is all about personal progression, since it comes with a high learning curve, it's not about unlocking some stupid grip or scope for your gun. It's about you, that has to learn. The game is updated almost once a week with new features and content, Match Making is great when you are playing with friends. The real game for people that love to play competitively, with a team or just solo. There are also casual game modes available for the people that don't like to play competitively, such as Arms Race, Deathmatch, Hostage and Defusual missions which can be played on casual style, or mostly known as public or community servers. These modes are great to learn the game, and improve your play. Pros.  Match Making.  Skill levels and ranks, play against players of your own skill level.  Competitive scene, with ladders and tournaments.  The CS feeling, transition from older CS games to CS:GO isn't that hard.  Most old maps from CS, are in the game.  No perks and other unnecessary clutter. Cons.  Match Making 64 tick servers.  Game is poorly optimized.  Cheaters now and then, but that's online gaming for you.  RiP Desert Eagle, as we once knew it.
game-hours: 498.3
review: fun but im bad
game-hours: 431.9
review: Before I'd bought this game, I would have never pictured myself screaming, "cat", "banana", and "long".
game-hours: 716.7
review: best game i ever played and im now addicted. cant go wrong with the $15
game-hours: 716.7
review: best game i ever played and im now addicted. cant go wrong with the $15
game-hours: 716.6
review: This game appeals to both casual and hardcore gamers in a way that casual gamers can play other mods and collect skins while for hardcore gamers this game is the fps for you because you really need to crank up the hours if you want to even be slightly good at it ( if you are new to fps )
game-hours: 347.0
review: Super fun intence first person shooter. Nuff said.
game-hours: 2884.0
review: The game is great because it has a similar feel to 1.6.
game-hours: 15.4
review: you can buy tasers 8/8
game-hours: 325.9
review: Perfect FPS game, its balanced and the matchmaking system works fine.
game-hours: 272.6
review: Just bought this game and it is so awesome but not so awesome for my Steam wallet-I I've already spent 50 euro on it
game-hours: 642.7
review: This is an exellent game, truly a unique fps game which in my opinon towers upon all others. Definantly worth the price!
game-hours: 1057.2
review: This game is far most the second best game i have on my library!!
game-hours: 1892.6
review: Sold my house for skins. 10/10
game-hours: 481.8
review: won 4 times in a row, still silver 2. gg valve. (p.s. fix ranking system pls)
game-hours: 1071.1
review: best ubisoft game i have played
game-hours: 656.7
review: Geat game. CS: GO stands as a glowing reminder that quality game design is rewarded in longevity and variety. Valve has not only updated the shooter but has completely outclassed its contemporaries. This is Counter-Strike, whatever the format you choose to play it on, and there isn't a higher recommendation than that.
game-hours: 322.1
review: very nice game
game-hours: 278.9
review: Three words only: Best. FPS. EVER.
game-hours: 464.1
review: Fun.
game-hours: 420.1
review: Pew-pew and sometimes boom !
game-hours: 108.3
review: After a week of buying the game, I saw a game with excellent graphics, but will give advice if you have Linux and play Cs: Go, you better not do it. In the Linux Counter has greatly lag (maximum 20 to 30 fps) in addition to Windows where you 80+.
game-hours: 91.0
review: Like Minecraft, but with guns
game-hours: 349.9
review: This game is very fun and i love it.
game-hours: 573.6
review: gl hf
game-hours: 562.7
review: C'mon C'mon Chop Chop!!
game-hours: 343.9
review: I LOVE THIS GAME AND WOULD DEMAND FOR IT FOR FREE AS MY ACCOUNT HAS GOTTEN HACKED AND I DO NOT CERTAINLEY DESERVE THAT SO I MUST DEMAND THAT I GET THIS GAME OR ELSE I WILL GIVE YOU GUYS THE WORST EXPERIENCE OF YOUR LIVES
game-hours: 336.3
review: <3 this game.
game-hours: 677.2
review: You'll waste away playing this game. Even thougn you are trash, you'll keep playing.
game-hours: 275.1
review: Love this Game, Apart from the Banning System and Not Seeing Chat and Hearing Voice On Over Watch, No FLaws :D This Is better Than Cod and Is Worth The Money. I have Spen $100 In Game and Have all the Counter Strikes on Steam 10/10
game-hours: 4.1
review: dis game vedy good. much grafic much fun, much wow. Grandkidz and Me play vedy good, play long time. vedy loud good booom booom basss. Make house fall down, wife hate me, I play so much. Dis game ruin my life, 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 998.7
review: its okay
game-hours: 373.2
review: What the  did you just ing say about me, you little ? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and Im the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the  out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my ing words. You think you can get away with saying that  to me over the Internet? Think again, er. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre ing dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and thats just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable  off the face of the continent, you little . If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your ing tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the price, you  idiot. I will  fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre ing dead, kiddo.
game-hours: 1635.8
review: Great Banter M8
game-hours: 589.4
review: best fps.
game-hours: 307.3
review: only counter terrorist ! a lot of campers will kill you from behind.....
game-hours: 183.9
review: This game stole my life <3
game-hours: 39.0
review: Russia simulator. 10/10-IGN
game-hours: 691.9
review: meow!!
game-hours: 354.2
review: Amazing First Person Shooter and easy to run for people who want to get into pc gaming!
game-hours: 527.9
review: 10/10. Shoot stuff, get shot at. 10/10 would shoot and get shot at again.
game-hours: 1308.7
review: Ruining my life... keeps playing 1.6/2
game-hours: 186.3
review: 1,000/10 - Ign
game-hours: 746.7
review: lol cs
game-hours: 746.7
review: lol cs
game-hours: 790.2
review: i enjoy playing this shoot her ups, lots of quick teaming strats and a florushing community of fine men and women. i would suggest a you be at least 5.6ft to ride this ride
game-hours: 620.3
review: (Y)
game-hours: 190.4
review: )))))))))))))  !
game-hours: 87.9
review: I love this game because it's filled with AUGer's and SG553 players now. :D
game-hours: 536.2
review: best game
game-hours: 40.6
review: This game should be in everyones Library. You cant go wrong with this game.
game-hours: 523.9
review: Gud game
game-hours: 319.5
review: learnt russian in 1 hour 10/10 would buy again
game-hours: 1211.7
review: you need a huge connection
game-hours: 850.0
review: de_dust2 simulator
game-hours: 2178.7
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is the epitome of a fantastic and challenging skill-based shooter. You will absolutely hate this game if you suck at it unless you just like to  around in casual mode. If you can get past the scumbag community and find a group of friends that are skilled, yet fun to hang around with, you will love playing this game. I play with a team of a higher caliber and I never get bored of playing with them. I have 2k hours so far, and those hours will continue to increase until a possible new installment comes into fruition. If you want to challenge yourself with a game that you can take a bit more seriously than your average competitive FPS game, Buy. This. Game. You may or may not like it, but if you like it, you will become addicted quickly, and Gaben will steal all of your money that you waste on cases and skins. I speak from experience. This game is brilliant in my eyes. There aren't any other competitive FPS's out there that can rival this one when it comes to a perfect balance of skill and fun all in one. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a poetic masterpiece. I would recommend this game to anyone who has a mouse and keyboard. The console port sucks. Don't buy it. Alright, Cray signing off.
game-hours: 687.3
review: In this awesme game you get to meet all the russians who aren't busy playing dota 2, so I suggest you go learn the language
game-hours: 594.9
review: very enjoyable game!! worth buying!!! very intence!!! those are just some of the words used to describe this game and they are very true
game-hours: 231.4
review: 10/10
game-hours: 435.6
review: A very good game 9.5/10
game-hours: 97.2
review: One Shot, one kill. No luck, pure skill. 21/10 would love to AWP like kennyS
game-hours: 583.8
review: best
game-hours: 3812.0
review: Recommended!
game-hours: 395.4
review: topkek
game-hours: 139.5
review: Most realistic and strategic gun game I have ever played.
game-hours: 184.3
review: This game is amazing.
game-hours: 321.7
review: Great game, you get ban for not being able to connect in competitive 9/10
game-hours: 456.6
review: This game is great but the rank up system needs some work but still really great game
game-hours: 198.5
review: Never knew I had a gambling addiction until this game opened my eyes...
game-hours: 1133.0
review: I LIKE THIS GAME
game-hours: 36.1
review: R.I.P. Deagle though.
game-hours: 302.6
review: I love it, its great and the skins for weapons are just Beast. WARNING: NO HIT MARKERS
game-hours: 1079.9
review: I never thought that I would lose all my spare time to this game but it happened. The game is just truely fun once you have the basics down as the game is just about communication and pure skill or wallhacks and aimbots.
game-hours: 1717.0
review: wasted my life 10/10
game-hours: 865.3
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 663.9
review: HI MY NAME IS WHAT
game-hours: 466.3
review: Pretty good game
game-hours: 388.8
review: 10/10 would never play comp again
game-hours: 791.8
review: Fun and Challenging
game-hours: 260.9
review: This game is addictive af better then cod 10/10
game-hours: 323.5
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 1823.4
review: nice game, better than source in dynamics, better than 1.6 in physics and graphics. took all the best from these 2 games and mix them together, you will get GO
game-hours: 293.6
review: Got reported for hacking because i had 60 kills and 40 deaths 420/21 would get reported again.
game-hours: 1087.2
review: nice game
game-hours: 805.7
review: Like GMod with guns. 420/420.
game-hours: 424.4
review: It took my money and gave me a red and black assult rifle.
game-hours: 842.7
review: It's an amazing game. You can run it on basically any pc. It's simple, yet complex. and it's extremely fun. I recommend this game to any fan of half life or anyFPS game.
game-hours: 205.8
review: Best FPS Game of the all years! Tips: Don't buy a case and a key. You will not stop opening. You will keep Opening and get .
game-hours: 123.5
review: Well,this game is awesome.My friends got me into this game since the summer sales were going on and i think i made a great deal. ++++PROS++++ -Trading Cards,weapon skins that you can buy and sell from (on) the market (price may vary from 0,03 cents up to a outrageous sum of 350 euros ); -You can team up with your friends and play some competitive matches.So,playing it with friends will give you a great bonus upon the gameplay beaucase they can help you; -The comunity is growing and they share their creations on the Steam Workshop,like there`s a GabeN sticker; -Low price when on sale makes it advailible for some newcomers to the Counter Strike franchise.You might take advantage that they are new,so you can pwn them or help them. -What else?....oh,well,it`s a eSport and if you are skilled enough you can take part into some mlg spooky competitions and make money from it,skins,gain reputation and be a professional eSport gamer then; - - - -CONS- - - - -Nerf the prices on skins; -Nothing much....that`s all; Buy it,you won`t regret it.
game-hours: 130.6
review: This game is amazing, but you can get some really bad games and requires a lot of effort to get out of those terrible ranks and into games with people who communicate but in the end this game still has me coming back to play some more
game-hours: 199.8
review: Counter-Strike: Gloabal Offensive is a tough and challenging game, it's fun and tactical but has a pretty steep learning curve. If you like shooters and you like a challenge then this game is definitly worth the money. Offers diversity in playstyles (tdm, demolition, competitive, etc) and has really good game mechanics. I would like to add that the game is extremely costumizable to your own personal liking! One big negative point is how the system handles the performances of individual players. If you are unlucky and get placed in really bad teams (people that are afk, team killers, etc) you won't rank up even though you have a kill death ratio of 4 and do everything right, the sytem will keep you in the lower ranks just because you lost, simple as that. If you manage to win a few rounds in a row you do get promoted very fast but some people can get extremely unlucky and be stuck in a rank that hurts them more then it helps them for a pretty damn long time. One last thing is cheaters, there are a lot of cheaters on CS:GO and they can buy the game again for a small price if they get banned. This needs to be dealt with because no one likes cheaters and everyone hates meeting them so do keep this in mind. The last two points sound pretty negative but the good things outweigh the bad and all together that makes this game a clear winner amongst tactical shooters!
game-hours: 292.0
review: The awesomest game ever
game-hours: 322.5
review: GG
game-hours: 164.4
review: Really good and fun game! Addicting!
game-hours: 252.9
review: Capable of defusing the bomb using the force 10/10
game-hours: 439.1
review: best game ever
game-hours: 428.6
review: Best game ever! Dun be scrubby, pros will rekt u
game-hours: 674.6
review: Very good game. I recommend for those rich kids that want to show that they can afford skins.
game-hours: 877.5
review: 9/10 russian rage simulator
game-hours: 411.2
review: the best
game-hours: 76.4
review: The CS:GO community is strongly reminicent of the American Conservative community There eather against terrorism or are terrorists themselves They eather hate or love high powered rifles They worshop an all mighty god (Lord Gaben) They collect weapons and knives They like chicken As you can see, these communities are very similar
game-hours: 544.8
review: Who needs Rosetta Stone when you got the entire CS:GO community to help you learn russian? 10/10    .
game-hours: 681.1
review: Learn fluent ruski! 11/9.5
game-hours: 599.1
review: great game... except if ur listed with russians in comp....
game-hours: 432.2
review: counter strike global offensive is a better shotter game ever. im SrRiot!
game-hours: 288.6
review: Very good multiplayer game. it's funny to play with friends.
game-hours: 1025.1
review: Best tactical shooter ever.
game-hours: 4165.7
review: one of the best multiplayer shooters. CS is back because of competitive mode. It reborns LAN SPIRIT
game-hours: 429.4
review: Be patient and Lord GabeN will drop you some cool stuff! Thx GabeN!
game-hours: 528.5
review: Okay, lets see what happens to a silver player. Brought A bizon, Took about an hour Rushing Mid... Bullet shower Died. Want to be MLG? Buy this game Want to get annoyed by Kids at silver? Buy this game Want your teammates to judge every move you make? Buy this game Want to rush mid and get killed by an awper? Buy this game Want to not get killed and get an ace? Buy this game Want to be good as LOLYOU? Buy this game Want to listen to Warowl's lecture every day...(well, almost)? Buy this game Want Gaben to empty your wallet even more? Buy this game Want to get out of silver? Buy this game Want to stay in silver? Buy this game Want to get a FREE VACation?! Buy this game Want to get a rank? Want to team kill? Want to imagine a C site? Want...... BAHHH.......... Just play ING competitive - 1000000000/10 IGN Sponsored by Mountain Dew and Dorito(nope :D) Cooporating with the F.A.Z.E clan (nope :D) Thanks for reading.
game-hours: 793.5
review: Epic nice game many love one
game-hours: 829.0
review: if you dont own this game yet, HANG YOUR SELF!
game-hours: 418.6
review: This is a Good Game
game-hours: 704.8
review: If you want a game that is enjoyable and you can play with your friends dont buy this game :D side effects of buying the game -Suicide -Anger -Depression
game-hours: 487.1
review: 11 hours play time first day of purchase, great game very fun and addicitive to play and get better at
game-hours: 532.5
review: 8/8, just prepare your credit card details... so much crap to buy - and expensive crap too.
game-hours: 194.8
review: Would recommend to everyone, such a good game! Definitely worth the price. 10/10
game-hours: 13.6
review: Counter-Terrorists: "Someone set up us the bomb!" Terrorists: "All your base are belong to us!" 10/10 Authentic IGN Review, would play a dozen times again
game-hours: 67.1
review: This is one of the greatest competitive games of all time, definetly the best competitive FPS. This game is an amazing amount of fun if you started playing in source(in which case you probably own this already) or if your a new player like i was. First of all it is great to see you and your friends skill develop as you get higher up the ranks, and you can sill have a good evenly matched game if you are in the lower ranks. Second of all the community of this game is pretty much endless and that means there are always new maps coming out and hundreds of custom gamemodes. This game really diferentiates from other games on the market right now with its learning curve and skill cap. If you dont own this game you are doing yourself a diservice and for 12 or $15 this game is a complete steal for the amount of hours you can put into it. :)
game-hours: 125.8
review: Great game
game-hours: 77.1
review: Getting called a hacker. lol gaming for 12years . sorry kids also good game
game-hours: 224.5
review: Find out whos banging your mum tonight.
game-hours: 341.0
review: Kills someone- Russian: Pidor ! Defuses the bomb- Russian:  nahui! Gets all the hostages to the extraction point- Russian: Fak u faking hamburger! (nickname for english speaking community). Makes an Ace- Russians: Ti pidoras nahui! Hacker! Hacker! Report! Kills someone with a Nova- Russian: Hacker! ! Kills someone with a P90- Russian: Noob ebanatui! Stabs someone with a knife from behind- Russian:  BLYAT NAHUI PIDOR SHLUHA IDI NAHUI BLYAT ING AMERICAN FAK YOU FAK YOU PIZDABOL NAHUI!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Asks russian which rank is he- Russian: Global Elite Blyat! Gets killed in casual- Russian squeaker: I tvoy mamku ebal ! (I ed your mom). Playing casual- Russian Squeakers: Blyat! ! Idi nahui! Hamburger! Im in ur mom! Playing competetive and russian teammate asks you something and you do not understand after that he rages and kills you right at the spawn. I get a feeling CS:GO was made only for angry russians and squeakers and that is kind of sad... Anyway i rate this game VODKAPIDOBLYAT \ 10 P.S Each  stands for S-U-K-A...
game-hours: 105.1
review: This game is great, it is so pleasing to note that valve has given such a contribution to the face of modern Fps games. It has great core gameplay that is quick and flows into itself swiftly and easily. At least if a CT isn't camping a point with an awp, but that's besides the point. I haven't played much, but what I have seen tells me that this game is engaging, fast paced and (without trying to make it sound like the most important thing ever) has some of the best graphics I have seen valve produce. Also, Are we rushin' in? Or are we going all sneaky beaky like? Only negative I can really see is the scalding you get from people better than you if you go in competitive too early. This can be a drag for me, as I am merely a begginer, but the one liners the teams give and they gameplay earns this game, to me, a 7/10. Now of course, as I play more I will most likely learn to like the game more! Let's hope I do! Also Russians.
game-hours: 1247.8
review: I liked this game
game-hours: 1121.5
review: Sick game
game-hours: 3003.5
review: Great game, competetive cs #1
game-hours: 464.8
review: good geim
game-hours: 585.6
review: Is a nice game and i enjoyed it, have nice graphics and i recommend to other people's.
game-hours: 29.0
review: I LIKE THIS GAME BECUZ SHURIF SCRAPPY IS GUD AND MICK IS MEAN AND SO IS SIMON SEACUCUMBER BUT THAT DOESNT MATTER BECUZ I AM KIND OF GUD AT THE GAME WEN IT CUMS TO KILLING JFJ BECUZ JFJ IS BAD AND DEREKO IS BAD AND REECE IS BAD AND TIMMIPOO IS BAD AND SPACE IS BAD AND ERECTIN IS BAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
game-hours: 674.0
review: My favorite game!
game-hours: 666.6
review: derp
game-hours: 136.9
review: Please Valve give me a Karambit Knife!!!!!!
game-hours: 213.5
review: GG m8 I r8 8/8 m8
game-hours: 1471.7
review: I have had this game for the last 5 to 6 months since school started back in august, since then I have gained around 1300 hours or so and I very much love the game, I just got my first knife and personally love how the game works, I am very competitive, so this Is right down my path...
game-hours: 277.2
review: Bought this game. Played for three days straight. Got really into it. Played so much that I started to flank the cashier at the grocery store and now I hold my butter knife like I'm going to stab my bread repeatedly. 10/10 Ruined the paradox between reality and video games. Would buy again.
game-hours: 1708.6
review: it's okay.
game-hours: 805.3
review: Realy nice game had so much fun with my friends
game-hours: 360.9
review: Best shotter game, but knife in real life 5 euro in game 400 euros LOGIC
game-hours: 472.9
review: Its Awesome Game : CSGO = Life : CSGO = Love ^^
game-hours: 191.4
review: This is the most exciting game since call of duty.... Lol not really but still, its awesome to have and epic to play.
game-hours: 1461.9
review: Good game
game-hours: 1455.9
review: csak ajnlani tudom
game-hours: 897.5
review: Erm.....boom
game-hours: 624.3
review: very nice game.
game-hours: 92.1
review: Got teabagged by a teammate and got killed by a chicken and next round by a wall... 10/10
game-hours: 1557.5
review: 10/10 Would play.
game-hours: 153.8
review: silver 2 easy
game-hours: 1401.9
review: best
game-hours: 864.4
review: Counter-Strike: GO is the latest version of one of the most iconic online First person shooters. I love how it tries to bring in the competitive gameplay that's been created by a small section of the community and built it right into the games matchmaking system. CS has always been set apart from other FPS's in that it's difficult to get into, it's not as forgiving as other shooters but that's what keeps people coming time and time again. I've played CS for 6 years and I think CSGO is the best version.
game-hours: 502.3
review: Best fps game ever!
game-hours: 249.8
review: This game is addicting, intense and fun to play with friends. It shows a great combat system that can be very unpredicting. Nonetheless this is the best fps game I have played
game-hours: 270.1
review: This game is amasing.
game-hours: 87.5
review: >Played Comp. >Got blamed how good I am (bad) >People told me that I will be promoted by VALVe (Banned) >Won the game with free Dragon Lore (Got kicked for being ''bad'')
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 677.8
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 930.1
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2872.3
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 206.1
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 783.9
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 1422.2
review: To this day the CS series remains the most suitable for competitive play. Quick aim, map knowledge, smart grenades, good tactics and mindgames is what you need to be successful. Highly recommended
game-hours: 91.4
review: A fun game, however it is the most fun playing with friends. Two of you running around with Negevs or holding down a hostage together is great, something rarely achieved when playing in public games.
game-hours: 165.5
review: ing mint  10/10
game-hours: 359.1
review: Used the Swag-7 and aced it. Got called a hacker. 10/10 would swag again!
game-hours: 429.8
review: Brilliant Game, I have played Counter Strike for many months now and all i can say is it is truely amazing. You can have endless fun playing both tactically in competitive matches, or for some general fun and "banter" in casual, deathmatch or arms race. Would Thoroughly recomend the purchase of Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
game-hours: 232.5
review: Dis gaem so jucy ie dont blivit
game-hours: 167.2
review: I was called a  for using the PP-Bizon. 11/10 IGN it's meh
game-hours: 139.7
review: Knives are more valuable than guns :) ________________ ../_==o;;;;;;;;______[]__| ..), -.(_(__) / .// (..) ),  //___// ..//___//
game-hours: 1387.0
review: really fun :D
game-hours: 597.2
review: It's ok.
game-hours: 1862.0
review: gggggggggggggg
game-hours: 1446.9
review: Fantastic, after fixing the scrash all by myself i can safely say that this is the best game i've ever played.
game-hours: 197.1
review: One of the best FPS game i've ever played
game-hours: 333.8
review: Best online game in the past few years, hands down.
game-hours: 27.4
review: GG
game-hours: 157.7
review: Shooting chickens has never been so fun.
game-hours: 546.0
review: This game is awesome! and it will take all of your $$$$$$
game-hours: 502.3
review: Awesome game,
game-hours: 392.6
review: my hacks work great 10/10
game-hours: 1106.0
review: you'll have some great laughs but the competitive screen feels stale after 300+ hours.
game-hours: 902.2
review: Counter-strike: Global Offensive is now one of my favorite games, it has great tactical gameplay and is great when you get a group of friends and lobby up and play competitive together because it is alwais thrilling to get promoted and will leave you wanting to play even more to reach the next rank. Ive played almost 300 hours on this profile and i have never thought even for a second that it was money wasted. The one con i have for this game is that since it went on sale alot of new players bought it because they needed a replacement for CoD. Newsflash: THIS IS NOT FRICKIN CALL OF DUTY! Counter-strike is a game where you are forced to think about every move you make because it could cost alot and leave you having to save a round. Last but not least is this game is not at all like 1.6 because noone and i mean noone from the noobs side of the game will ever knife fight and if they do it will be a 2v1 or worse. -_-. In conclusion Counter-Strike Global Offensive is my favorite game and i highly recommend it if you are looking for a tactical shooter. 10/10
game-hours: 562.8
review: awesome game very fun very addictive! 10.10
game-hours: 1121.7
review: >buy p250 >shoot enemy's back for 10 secs >he turns around >headshots you with first bullet >open console >"quit"
game-hours: 326.8
review: somehow addicting 420/10
game-hours: 78.1
review: Very Good.
game-hours: 468.2
review: Got banned from private server 10/10 Would ban again.
game-hours: 84.0
review: P90 & AWP Simulator
game-hours: 365.0
review: Headshotted a guy in deathmatch with a Nova from about 4 meters away, got kicked immediately. 69/10 - IGN
game-hours: 338.9
review: hfg
game-hours: 618.9
review: Best FPS i've played to date. I couldn't really complain this game requires all skill and cheaters are pretty much for the most part are non-existent. Lacks some features that modern day shooters have but honestly the gameplay literally just beats any shooter i've ever played so I can't complain. If you are looking for a game that is based on strict skill than this game is for you. But be warned, it's not for everyone. Personally, Iv'e had a few friends try the game but they rely on over-powered weapons and even cheats to play the game. Also if you decide to pick up this game you will learn fluent Russian in about a week. I'm not kidding. 5/5 : Best shooter Iv'e ever played to date.
game-hours: 86.7
review: hay join me guys at wall be fun and a good time i have i nice cs go map for you ok and feel free to add me
game-hours: 368.9
review: dis gaem is nawo sweg 420/69 wuld rate again m8
game-hours: 28.6
review: Meh! Counter Strike 1.6 & Source ftw.. This one is made for the new generation of noobs!
game-hours: 320.1
review: i play, then i lose all my money like what happened. oh hey, another cool looking case, let me just open it really quickly
game-hours: 390.6
review: "hella good game" - Lil B
game-hours: 421.9
review: This game is amazing, so much depth and skill that Starcraft 2 is put to shame. 5/10
game-hours: 317.3
review: its fun
game-hours: 327.2
review: Really fun to play
game-hours: 108.6
review: CS:GO is a great game, with great 5v5 Competitive mode where everything is super intense, especially when your whole team is expecting you to clutch the match while your up against 3/4/5 more people. The only bad thing abot CS:GO for me is that it crashes sometimes, causing me to get banned for 7 days from competitive mode, which is really the thing I like best. You also get kicked for absolutely no reason on comps which is completely funny when you just start swearing and calling them r-e-t-a-r-d-s in your head. Overall, a great game to play and a must-buy
game-hours: 641.5
review: Best game NA
game-hours: 437.8
review: 2sik
game-hours: 280.1
review: I've played this game for a total of 2 minutes and can say that is without a doubt the worst game I have ever licked in my life. This monstrosity is overall just an adventure about two ing gay dogs who walk around and are just a bunch of inappropriate people in general. This game is not for kids because the dogs sometimes don't even say their pleases and thank yous. What the heck Valve I thought you were a family based company. Man I ing hate this game so much this is a game about dogs.
game-hours: 600.7
review: It's a point and click adventure.
game-hours: 535.1
review: very zaebis
game-hours: 2012.5
review: Awesome so many different things you can do!!! (i aint writing this review cuz i need to complete an achievment ;) :D)
game-hours: 880.6
review: good game! just like the other counter strike games but this seems to be alot more competetive
game-hours: 1964.7
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 1105.2
review: Best game ever gg volvo
game-hours: 2299.1
review: 11/10
game-hours: 996.9
review: Best competitive FPS at the present time.
game-hours: 404.7
review: A Game Were you can play like an ape and loser's try to ban you for "hacking'
game-hours: 983.5
review: I can't stop playing it!!!
game-hours: 698.2
review: Good game With freinds..
game-hours: 318.3
review: & Rage Simulator
game-hours: 227.4
review: this game is trash 9/10 - ign
game-hours: 692.6
review: Really Good Game It Keeps You Busy For Hours
game-hours: 145.7
review: yes
game-hours: 459.3
review: Meh..
game-hours: 827.6
review: gets a kill through smoke - hacker gets killed through smoke - noob uses a awp - noob, noob weapn!!! gets killed with an awp - ...... ..... .... .. . noob 69/10 IGN "F&$king amazing"
game-hours: 126.8
review: amazing fast paced fps great controls and tense gameplay
game-hours: 143.8
review: 11/10  game the graphics = minecraft/censored japanese porn - ign
game-hours: 905.5
review: I only idle in MM games and I'm somehow SMFC 10/10
game-hours: 696.4
review: Using CS:GO to understand different cultures of people from different countries is a wrong idea. 10/10 would totally recommend if you're okay with getting called a noob in different languages
game-hours: 778.6
review: Swag
game-hours: 341.1
review: FPS,   ,  , .   , :,, ( css     ).    450 , ,   F2P,      ,   .   .    (, , ,,,),    -,   (  ,  ,, ,  ).       ,- ,  -, ,Bayonet,M9 bayonet,, .      9/10
game-hours: 352.6
review: this game actually needs skill its hard but i love it i gave up cod ghost for this in all honesty
game-hours: 180.9
review: CS:GO is one of the most competitive and fun FPS that i've ever played.
game-hours: 362.6
review: What can i say about CS:GO? If you have ever played any of the CS games before then you need no review. It is pretty much the same as the others. This is what makes it a great game. They stuck to the core of what their games were. They added some new weapons and game types. My only suggestion would be that if the terrorst plant the bomb the last terrorist has a dead man switch so if you kill him it blows and you have to defuse it. I think that would make a great game option. I know the Terrorists could just camp on the bomb then so it would have to be a proximity thing...... Anyway Great game get it and hit me up.
game-hours: 506.9
review: Great FPS and even better that it has camos. Takes a while to get used to, but probably the best FPS game I have ever played.
game-hours: 627.1
review: Very fun game to play with your friend. If you got some >:).
game-hours: 180.1
review: Thanks to Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, and DoTA 2, my russian skills have improved greatly! My old vocabulary of 'Spasiba' and 'Priviyet' has now got new additions, including '', 'blyat', and lets not forget the 'idi nahui'. 10/10 Best language learning experience I've ever had. Easy and simple, and you sure get motivated with the russian screaming!
game-hours: 1075.7
review: Okay for all of those people out there who hate this game because of hackers, I feel you. in the last 12 hours I've had 3 of them in my games. I feel like more people need to know how to spot a hacker, since usually when you call hacks someone is like "maybe he's just really good". First, if they have less than 5 hours and they're REALLY good, there's a possibility VAC just hasn't banned them yet. Next if they are set to "private" they could just not want you to see their profile. Also if the player has no skins at all and they're insta headshotting all game, there's another big red flag. Hackers destroy this otherwise awesome game. I got a game where a players last vac ban was 11 days ago. 11 days! And he's back on CS:GO? Why are these hackers let back on? There aren't perma bans for these guys? Honestly anything less than and IP ban isnt' acceptable. I know of other software companies who get in contact with your ISP if you are causing them grief. Why does valve allow these cheaters? Well I can't blame Valve for the game, the game is amazing. But please fix the VAC. Or at least tell me how to minimize hackers while I play this. Thank you very much, Strogunoff
game-hours: 64.2
review: Headshot a guy across the map with a deagle kicked me for not having a skin for the deagle also these virtual knifes cost more then real knifes
game-hours: 63.8
review: you shoot guns n stuff duuuudes
game-hours: 455.4
review: This game is very good. and you will enjoy every second you play if you dont discover the csgo market. BUY AND SELLING KNIVES CUNS AND ANYTHING WITH A BIG PRICE TAG WILL GET YOU SPENDING ALL YOUR MONEY ON IT.
game-hours: 218.9
review: 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 877.5
review: Great game for any FPS fan. Even if you don't like FPS games buy it because you'll have a great time.
game-hours: 565.7
review: 10/10 Worst game you will ever play
game-hours: 3616.4
review: If you're a first person shooter lover, buy this, play it. Love it.
game-hours: 652.6
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is the latest installment in the Counter-Strike series. Nothing much has changed in this installment other than updated graphics. Veterans to the series are going to love Counter-Strike: Global Offensive but newcomers... sadly I cannot guarantee that you will like this game. Even if you know you like the game, the very difficult learning curve might get to you before you even have a chance to completely enjoy the game. But it's worth giving the game a shot. To some it's too old school and it lacks features the new flashy modern First Person Shooters have; ADS (Aim Down Sights), Sprint etc. But in my opinion this one of the greatest FPS' out on the market. What most FPS' lack is a sense of competitve nature. Sure you can make bets and "CMON BRO 1v1 ME BRO I'LL SMASH YOU" people but in my opinion it's not enough. If you love competitve gaming particually in FPS' then there's another point to Counter-Strike. There are so many things that make Counter-Strike: Global Offensive a worthy game in your Steam Game Library for me to list! So do me a favor, do the Counter-Strike community a favor and pick up this game! For around $15.00 AU (Don't know how much in other currencies, I'm sure you can do the math! >.<) you're getting a good deal! Operations which are like free DLC updates but have limited time on playing the maps that are released in the operation, Skins which are probably the most infectious disease in a game second to the infamous Team Fortress 2 hats! and overall just fun! u2late approves! :D Notes: -Sorry if there are grammar and spelling mistakes! I typed this up without checking for errors (Sorry grammar nazis! :P) -Like this up if you found it useful so others can see! -HAVE FUN!
game-hours: 1427.4
review: Seriously .... Buy it ! Mind blowing
game-hours: 1195.4
review: Great game, but it features alot of cheaters and hackers. Ofcourse this happens in most competetive games, but seriously? Its a fun game to play with friends, but it might also make you rage some times. Overall the gameplay is great! The community is filled with negative people that has no faith in anyone besides themselves, but behind all of this, there is a few great players that make people days get a bit brighter! - I wishes people could stop beeing jerks and stop cheating/hacking overall. This wish will probably never come trough, and this is my review of the game!
game-hours: 1180.7
review: Great game and it's also the fastest way to learn russian. 10/10
game-hours: 272.2
review: Great game! If you would like to have fun with some friends, its great!!! You learn to trust your friends more, as you go through tactics and ideas in which would help your team win!! If not, you can go offline and play with bots, you can choose easy, medum or hard!! With this, you get to practice while your friends dont and you can surprise them with your understanding or how the map or game mode works!! If you would like a fun, action packed game, pick this one!!! HOWEVER!!! THE BANING SYSTEM ON THIS GAME IS STUPID!! MY GAME CRASHED BEFORE A COMPETATIVE MATCH AND NOW I HAVE A 7 DAY BAN!!! I MEAN, WTF??? ( Steam better fix this ASAP because this is now pissing me off, as its not the first time!!) Kind Regards Headscout
game-hours: 981.5
review: ,
game-hours: 1962.2
review: Best game would recommend for anyone.
game-hours: 449.4
review: Very Fun Game! Love the concept
game-hours: 117.7
review: Nice Game!!
game-hours: 879.2
review: Good Game
game-hours: 1116.9
review: Amazing game, recommended
game-hours: 525.2
review: 10/10 for featuring guns to kill chickens with
game-hours: 137.0
review: 10/10
game-hours: 386.0
review: Peek around a corner and get shot simulator 10/10
game-hours: 2317.8
review: great
game-hours: 127.1
review: Fun to play, love the matchmaking. Wish the maturity level of many players would be a lot higher. Also: GO ANDERS!!!
game-hours: 257.6
review: I really like this game, it's a great change from more mainstream shooters like the COD series and Battlefield.
game-hours: 841.7
review: This game gave me all the butified nostalgia that CS:Source couldn't deliver on. I almost feel like its 2003 and I'm back in college.. I play CS til 2 AM and I can't get laid. 10/10 glhf.
game-hours: 1446.7
review: Absolutely recommend buying this game, best game I've played on the PC by far.
game-hours: 316.6
review: You have a better chance getting away with killing a chicken than you will ever have in skyrim...
game-hours: 779.3
review: They say that, to win this game you need skill and patience. You don't need either of those. You need 4 other friends who aren't russian and are not prone to raging. Then you will master counter-strike.
game-hours: 686.6
review: Desert Villages. Guns that fire wherever they want to. Angry Russians. The Inability to Sprint. Seemingly Hacking opponents. Welcome to CSGO.
game-hours: 430.6
review: Great game, hackers here and there but what multiplayer game doesnt have hackers?
game-hours: 474.1
review: Yea its a pretty good game. Really fun but also really hard. After a while (like tf2) skins (the tf2 equivalent of hats) takes over and all you want is skins. You spend hours on end farming for skins. Countless days and weeks just to get some new shiny gun. Yep, a pretty damn good game
game-hours: 135.7
review: One of the best multiplayer games in years and a message to all the  hole developers that ruin multiplayer by imitating Call of Duty 4 and its  sequels.
game-hours: 434.5
review: An fps that actual requires skill and strategy to master. 10/10
game-hours: 819.3
review: Amazing game 10/10
game-hours: 921.8
review: UP - good fps competitive game DOWN - too many cheaters this game don't have any kind of anti cheat
game-hours: 1151.8
review: best game ever a def buy guys :D
game-hours: 358.9
review: PEW PEW PEW YOUR DEAD GG WP!
game-hours: 1113.7
review: Great game!
game-hours: 178.4
review: I shot him but I didn't
game-hours: 1809.5
review: SO MUCH FUN XD
game-hours: 735.8
review: This is a great game that is difficult to play because it has alot of things to master and pick up like grenade spots, angles, where to aim while moving, map sense. It also helps on improving reflexes and muscle memory, but the most important thing is experience, for example a player who has played cs 1.6 or source will have a better time playing this game, whilst a player who has never played a shooter before will have a really harsh time and will need about 300 hours to start picking out more than 2 kills per round. A person who has played a shooter of any kind will have an edge over the regular casual player. On the other hand the game lets you play competitive from the moment you start, but do keep in mind if you don't have any experience in game it is not recommended to play this mode instantaneously, as it will ruin others' experience and you will most likely be insulted (never take those insults to heart). Overall a begginer will honestly get "pwned" when he starts because of the harsh enviroment of learning. Don't be discouraged to buy this game if you haven't played anything like this, it will be a great experience. 10/10 (not a fanboy score) Thanks for readin' Peace ~.~
game-hours: 28.8
review: Combine the peppers, garlic, onions, salt and oil in a non-reactive saucepan over high heat. Saute for 3 minutes. Add the water and continue to cook, stirring occasionally, for about 20 minutes, or until peppers are very soft and almost all of the liquid has evaporated. (Note: this should be done in a very well-ventilated area!) Remove from the heat and allow to steep until mixture comes to room temperature. In a food processor, puree the mixture for 15 seconds, or until smooth. With the food processor running, add the vinegar through the feed tube in a steady stream. Taste and season with more salt, if necessary. (This will depend on the heat level of the peppers you use as well as the brand of vinegar used.) Strain the mixture through a fine mesh sieve and then transfer to a sterilized pint jar or bottle and secure with an airtight lid. Refrigerate. Let age at least 2 weeks before using. Can be stored in the refrigerator for up to 6 months. Read more at:
game-hours: 217.3
review: This is by far my favorite duck simulator to date. its got graphics, birdseed, and a hell of a lot chinese cuisine to make anyone happy. It features such amazing maps like pond, resteraunt, and my personal favorite, crossing the street. Theres something for everyone in this game
game-hours: 1173.8
review: Best first person shooter out there. Fast paced games, tight maps, hard strategies. Skill level is off the charts. A must play!!
game-hours: 464.6
review: rmind me off kol offf doty it almst as gud as kol offf doty 3/12 meh
game-hours: 643.9
review: Still the best FPS
game-hours: 748.6
review: This game ing blows, It banned me for a week.
game-hours: 193.7
review: Simply addictive and absolutely fun to play both alone and with your friends
game-hours: 619.0
review: It's fun game
game-hours: 325.2
review: :D
game-hours: 1769.4
review: 10/10 gud game
game-hours: 343.6
review: Awesome
game-hours: 538.9
review: Not sure if better than legendary 1.6, but this game is awesome.
game-hours: 323.5
review: This masterspiece is so ing beautiful. 10/10 need moar skins.
game-hours: 319.0
review: Good shooting game, if you can ignore the sudden deadly lags happens unexpectably during the game :D
game-hours: 403.0
review: I LOVE THIS GAME BUT IT MAAKES ME ANGRY WHEN I PLAY WITH PEOPLE WHO DO NOT UNDERSTAND ENGLISH OR ARABIC OR PEOPLE THAT GET ANGRY WHEN THEY LOSE :) LOVE IT <3 <3 <3
game-hours: 869.5
review: The epitome of pure competitive skill based FPS, its the one game where once you surpass the steep learning curve, every death you suffer is your fault and could've been avoided. The drive to overtake your opponents and become hone your skills hooks its claws into you bone deep. WARNING: Highly highly addictive, lost friends, dropped out of school, lost motivation for most other things in life. Not recommended if you have prior substance abuse issues or an addictive personality.
game-hours: 469.3
review: <3
game-hours: 554.2
review: its a really good game i have just put in 400 hours and still look forward to playing but be warned if you get this game your wallet wil be empty. PRAISE GABEN
game-hours: 84.9
review: A competitive game with huge skill difference beetween players. By "huge skill difference" i mean, is that new players mostly get wrecked by old players who have been playing the game for like more than 10 years already (including the old and classic CS offcourse). Quite hard to transition yourself to the game when matched with high skilled players. But  is fun when you get the hang of it. 10/10 would defuse a bomb again.
game-hours: 117.9
review: Didn't know so many people f****d my mom before this game.
game-hours: 853.9
review: The best game ever!
game-hours: 15.3
review: Chciabym podzikowa mojej szanownej Kurwie (Beniaminowi) dziki ktremu mogem przetestowa do dobrze ta gre. Pamitam kiedy si jaraem t gr e wychodzi, tak bardzo j chciaem. A potem jako to zleciao i si zapomniao o tyme, ale mja  udostpnia mi pogranie sobie w t gr z bliska. Na pocztku nie wiedziaem o co chodzi i si martwiem e mi nie wychodzi, e mam saem statystyki i e nie damr rady. Przynajmniej wiem teraz e to tylko kwestia czasu i wprawy a potem to ju tylko twj spryt wiadczy o tym jaki jeste dobry. CS go ma grafik na chujowym poziomie, nie jest jaka dobra. Spokojnie mona w ni gra. Gra polega mniej wicej na tym e teroryci musz podoy kloca na punkt "B" albo "A" a z kolei antyterorycie musz im si przeciwstawi i broni tych punktw albo wszystkich terorystw zabi. Uwaam e to jedna z chujowszych gier jakie graem. chujowa gra i znajduje si u mnie bardzo  nisko a po sam jebany grb w grach FPS. Polecam t gre kademu Chujowi. Beniamin to  z rakiem PS.I habe KANKER
game-hours: 2417.3
review: This game is awesome i have over 2,000 hours on this game it takes skill and it is a fun way to compete with your friends and yes you will use a lot of money like i did
game-hours: 2.4
review: good game valve
game-hours: 555.6
review: best game
game-hours: 3194.6
review: new accs, cheaters, without ranks, smurfs, idiots, 5 awp in team, buy on eco, "smart" nades, 9999$ in skins, 64tick <3, buy after freezetime on rush, find frags on def plant, drop bomb on spawn, no mic Vodka
game-hours: 151.9
review: sadfsakapsladfkasfkdl;sl;afks'l;fa;skflkasd'l;sda;fgkl;agklg;;fakjgakdgl/
game-hours: 685.0
review: Well this game is kickass :D
game-hours: 799.1
review: Chickens... Need i say more?
game-hours: 477.8
review: Ok game, even though i've had to pay more than 1 just to get my glock-18 candy apple. Cool game play about strategy and noob feeders carried by their Nova 1 friend who hacks like a . I really love this game necause its the only place i can legally kill germans and french people. As well, the mute option is perfect when you matchup with a 13yo kido fapping at your gameplay because you rock  pretty hard. I would 8/10 -IGN recommend this potato because yes. -ProDrumKit (Famous writter in Albanian Litterature)
game-hours: 450.2
review: A giant money sinkhole because of skins and operations. 10/10 Would waste money on skins again! Actual review: +One of the best online competetive game out there atm. +Great soundtracks +Workshop +Visual skins that help out the creators and fund events +Great maps to play on +One of the best gunplay you can have in games -Hackers -MM System needs some improving
game-hours: 736.6
review: If it is not the best game on Steam Marketplace, I don't know what is, Defininte buy.
game-hours: 311.9
review: Very funny game, strongly recommend! 9/10
game-hours: 219.6
review: The Best Game Ever!!
game-hours: 747.1
review: Great game
game-hours: 200.5
review: Very good game, could play it all day.
game-hours: 703.5
review: Nice
game-hours: 492.4
review: RUSKI POWER!!
game-hours: 1132.3
review: its the ing balls to the  ratio of the universe
game-hours: 263.6
review: asdf
game-hours: 112.0
review: "Like Skyrim with guns" - IGN 10/10 I would bang
game-hours: 339.0
review: Counter-Trade:Global Asiimov 1000$\10
game-hours: 719.1
review: *woof*
game-hours: 1199.1
review: its alright i guess
game-hours: 366.1
review: ,        , -      7
game-hours: 1105.7
review: very good game !!
game-hours: 788.4
review: Great game ... drop rate should be increased :v
game-hours: 788.4
review: Great game ... drop rate should be increased :v
game-hours: 491.9
review: Not - so - old-school. After playing a few dozens of hours and familarizing with the new controls which changed a lot compared to CS:S, I begun loving CS:GO. Now I think it's a MUST for every Counter-Strike player (and still nothing for newf**s who like playing BF3/4 and CoD)
game-hours: 272.7
review: !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 395.7
review: Awesome fps game.
game-hours: 372.6
review: When it comes to these murder simulators, I say: "No thanks, I'm sticking with Jesus Christ."
game-hours: 331.3
review: I never really did enjoy the Counter-Strike series, only used to play with good friends from time to time, but I must admit, this one is... different. Now I am not saying the gameplay or the graphics changed, they are both quite alright, only, the feature of personalized weapons, competitions, and warfare altogether intrigues me. It's a very nice game, and I think that one should give a shot to it. ;)
game-hours: 596.8
review: Sehr schnes tolles Spiel. Natrlich hat es wie jedes Spiel seine macken aber letztendlich ist es ein super Spiel!
game-hours: 142.2
review: Very fun game but the community can be toxic at times.
game-hours: 4.9
review: Best Game :D'
game-hours: 259.1
review: Hella fun game to play. Competitive is serious and enjoyable. Haven't played with no hackers, no gltiches or bugs that I've seen. Very clean and fresh game. CSGO, best FPS on PC IMO.
game-hours: 2089.6
review: i love this game
game-hours: 109.2
review: Bought it like a month ago and its amazing i love the skins and the adreninline rush great game!
game-hours: 241.1
review: A classic
game-hours: 1065.2
review: An amazing FPS game, very competitive. I don't suppose I will stop playing it.
game-hours: 2239.7
review: good game, get called hacker all the time fun times
game-hours: 74.9
review: ez skinz ez lyfe
game-hours: 464.1
review: NOOICEEE.
game-hours: 229.5
review: GOOD GAME 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 422.6
review: I made lots of money of this game.. Helped me feed my doggies. 10/10
game-hours: 293.9
review: Like TF2 but with hats for your guns.
game-hours: 486.3
review: i now own it
game-hours: 277.8
review: I LOVE THIS GAME !!
game-hours: 146.4
review: "Move up." the team leader whispers, scanning the area in front of us with his M4 as we slowly cross the street. Sweat circles my brow and hits my shoulder, making me alert of my surroundings. I think i see a figure in the distance but it is hard to see with this heavy helmet and these dark goggles. I tighten my grip on my carbine. I am in my element and something is in my presence; i can feel it. A feeling of sheer nervousness and dread washes over me like a tidal wave, "am i going to die?" I asked myself. Suddenly, i hear a loud ping and an explosion of blood erupts out of my teammate's helmet as i hear "BOOM HEADSHOT" over the mic. Before i can even point to the shooter, i am on the floor with a bullethole in my head. "BOOM HEADSHOT  I ED YOUR MUM LAST NIGHT"... i am dead. 10/10
game-hours: 228.7
review: really good game
game-hours: 695.7
review: good
game-hours: 121.4
review: just.... love it :P gameplay is amazing, big collection of weapons, awesome maps. and in the workshop alot of player-made-maps and mods. its better then COD and BF in many ways, but also worse in some. its a very good game 9/10.
game-hours: 181.5
review: highly recommend
game-hours: 154.5
review: hackers all !!!
game-hours: 82.5
review: Very hard reaction time based twitch shooter. It simulates real war alot better then most other FPS games.
game-hours: 1810.5
review: Haven't played much. Seems ok.
game-hours: 95.9
review: me likey
game-hours: 993.7
review: Love this game. I play CS since v 1.3 and I love it !!! The only ING thing is that sometimes it goes SOOO BS !
game-hours: 1093.8
review: I loooooooooooooooooooooooooooove dis
game-hours: 123.4
review: hi
game-hours: 33.1
review: video game
game-hours: 857.0
review: love it
game-hours: 147.4
review: This game is gewd
game-hours: 1946.1
review: Every player should try that game, amazing.! but there are too many cheaterz at game and valve should stop them but it looks like they dont care what the hell are we feel about loosing to cheaterz..
game-hours: 702.5
review: Needs 128tick servers, less random lag, and better jumping hitboxes. Otherwise a pretty solid game.
game-hours: 1006.9
review: NiP vs. LDLC (25.01.2015) NEVER FORGET R.I.P Asiimov&Blaze  Game made by a fat cheesburger eating prick. 2.19 for a blue item, which is worth 0,08 (15% goes to GabeN). Full of russian  hackers and german kiddies. 0/10 - Not worth the money
game-hours: 275.6
review: AIMSTAR<3
game-hours: 1252.0
review: epic game
game-hours: 792.0
review: The Community is getting bigger which is good thing for the game
game-hours: 901.5
review: is very god pew pew game
game-hours: 397.3
review: The obvious choice for a competative team based FPS game. If you are looking for a good multiplayer shooter, this is it!
game-hours: 1078.8
review: I quickscope noobs. #doritosMt.DewSweg420KushCod4lyfe
game-hours: 198.2
review: "Are we rushin' in, or are we going all sneaky-beaky like?" - That British dude before the round 10/10 would buy smurf account
game-hours: 665.0
review: Very addicting game and fun! Great to play with freinds and family!
game-hours: 131.4
review: Knife in real life=10-20$ Knife in cs:go=200-800$ 1337/10 Best Money Spending Simulator
game-hours: 698.3
review: I played this for almost 700 hours, so please take my word for this. This game is catchy, just like the plague. You will hate yourself and everyone around you. You wonder why you still play this horrible game but you keep playing it. The matchmaking is horrible, valve doesn't do anything about smurfs. Little is done about hackers (horribly made anti-cheat and leaves it up to community to ban hackers, which never really works). The mechanics and the engine for this game is strangely made. First shot of a weapon while standing still had a good chance of not going where it should go. The mechanics for this game literally reward people for being bad. Go play CS:S or a better game. Save yourself from this load of shiit. Please.
game-hours: 92.2
review: Very good game :0
game-hours: 447.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a ing hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a ing hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a ing noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a ing hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you ing idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a ing idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you ing idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a ing coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you ing idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You ing camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You ing camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You ing hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you ing serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosing and you are in last - Someone vote to kick you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Your team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban The RAGE Simulator is REAL. [Copied review.] + Its impossible to rank up without premades.
game-hours: 234.1
review: 5/5 Good Game!
game-hours: 875.4
review: ELEGANTARO REMEMBER POLISH IS NOT THE SAME AS RUSSIA
game-hours: 76.5
review: Best FPS around, since '99
game-hours: 453.4
review: 1.) Ruined my University final result. 2.) unbalance my sleeping time. 3.) Rage all the time in competitive mode 4.)  always happen. 20/10 Best game ever!
game-hours: 1939.8
review: Best competitive FPS game out here IMO! Try to improve at it all the time and you will forever have fun :)
game-hours: 476.9
review: "hmmm itsa nice", Borat, 2006, Hello, this is my town of steamzec My hobbies, kill the bad guys, cause you know, it'sa nice. Kazakhstan is number one, exporter of zeus 25 all other countries have inferior zeus 25. Kazakhstan has the best AWP in the world, all other countries is the home of the aimbots. Kazakhstan is the greatest Counter-terrorist forces, all other countries have less higher ping. I hope you like
game-hours: 606.0
review: Very good game but the Ruskis are annoying som times xD
game-hours: 377.2
review: This is a good game, you should play it. you should be my friend. i am like friends. thanks please and thanks
game-hours: 464.5
review: !
game-hours: 413.3
review: Awesome game in every way. Fun for both casual and competetive players.
game-hours: 1174.3
review: Greatest fps game out
game-hours: 412.4
review: CS:GO is a...different game then cod. if you expect there to be sights on anything other then something with a scope on it and you absolutely hate that, and/or you have a VERY bad internet/computer, don't play it. Go get cod. Otherwise, you open up to a slightly different fps where you work with your teams in 5 different modes: Deathmatch, Arms race, Demolition, Casual, and Competitive. These different modes give a wide diversity to how you can play the game. Knowing the map your in and how you should deal with the positions of the enemy players is a big part of the game. And also, one of the greater aspects of the game, YOU CAN MAKE MONEY. LITTERALLY. By playing this game, after matches you have a chance to get either a skin or a crate, like the huntsmans crate or, if your lucky, a p250 franklin. These can be sold in the market for money on steam that you can use to buy games or buy other skins on the market. Or, you can go into a group or discussions and find someone who might want to trade with you. Quite honestly, if you play it enough and enjoy it, you can earn (quite litterally) your money back easily! I highly reccomend it to players who want to have a slightly different style of play. EDIT: The community is utter . Expect people, ESPECIALLY in the silver league, to be absolute S.
game-hours: 233.1
review: I have never even played this game. Steam wants me to write a review for it. I wish I had this game. But I dont. So heres my reccomendation: its good. Or not. I dont even know.
game-hours: 2942.2
review: Best game of the world. Simply incredible, need more support for champioships on Brazil. Valve pl0x, make this country happy <3
game-hours: 735.4
review: Polecam!
game-hours: 1479.0
review: gg
game-hours: 526.9
review: i lik dis gam u shuld by K
game-hours: 129.9
review: very nice action game.
game-hours: 307.8
review: You can kill chickens 10/10
game-hours: 115.8
review: -joins game -buys Mag-7 -team yells at for buying a bad gun -carries team with the so called "bad gun" GG 10/10 Best community ever. Would buy the Mag-7 again
game-hours: 152.8
review: Gr8 game
game-hours: 306.6
review: Worth $15. Great game, lots of fun. A bit hard to find servers at times and it takes forever to load a game on competititve. Nevertheless, full of fun even if you suck or not.
game-hours: 16.1
review: VELY GUUDE
game-hours: 373.7
review: Great game, a few trollers but all around well worth it and very fun
game-hours: 779.0
review: game sucks
game-hours: 623.9
review: Very fun game
game-hours: 537.1
review: Stop playing 1.6 and switch to csgo. Much more fun.
game-hours: 344.3
review: Called out for cheating everygame. 10/10
game-hours: 263.7
review: This is actualy a Great game. It reminds me a lot of Cod one with a lot more Tactics. The Quality of the game is Pritty low, aka its graphics are pritty dated and souch. but I my self have never been fussed about that, because even on the Worlds worst computer you will still get great gameplay. The game modes in this game are strong. There are The two Main gamemodes, Casual (wich is exactly what the title portays, just casual Best of 15 games round, with Basic rules and no team Killing) And what The Proper people play when they feel like it or have time, Competitive. competitive is a surios Gamemode. before entering, the game its self gives you a warning saying that comp matches May Last up to an Hour and a Half, and Leaving mid game or otherwize, once joined will resalt in a gradualy Increasing Penalty. That imidiatly makes the game mode very intimidating. Then theres the People. If you Get a good team that Sayes "bad luck, bud" if you mess up, your fine. but thats rare. if you dont do what the general rabble wants you to do, you will get Yelled at, Trolled, abused & kicked in that order. People get realy surios. The game mode is not for New players, so make sure you play a lot of casual first. The People who play the game are not like any other. the comunity is thick, and nice to be a part of. a wize man once said to me; "you'l meet some pritty Out there People." and he was right :D your in for a treat. People range from desgusting little Squeekers carrying on about how were so bad that wele still be here when its there bed time at 7pm, to PROPER mlg's that get 54 kills and 3 deaths in 15 rounds. you will meet enimys and Mates. and you will love it. Something That Atracts The Most People to this game is the Skins & trading of said skins. Skins, the External Colouring and designs of the ingame firearms, are Extremely extensive. Skins range from the Usual skins that you can get from Drops after games (if your lucky) that People sell for around $0.04-$0.10, all the way up to Knife skins that are so rare, if you tryed to buy one it would set you back up to $400 at a time. This is real money, But its realy hard not to get mixed up with Trading and ALL of your money will slowly 'leak' out of your acount as you try harder and harder to get the good skins. one way to get rare skins is opening Weapons cases. These cases are what people waste the most money on. the cases themselfs are usualy only between $0.05-$0.20, but the case keys themselves are what costs the money, $2.50 . There is a chance to make your money back, and make a Huge Profit, but its so rare, that People spend hundreds of dollers on keys and cases and they only get $0.04 skins each time. ONLY OPEN CASES FOR FUN, NOT TO MAKE PROFIT BECAUSE THE CHANCES ARE YOU WILL NOT GET ANY! Sticker capsules are Better. they are cheaper. wich brings me to stickers. Stickers, are just ingame stickers. large Decoritive stickers that you put on teh side of your guns for Fation and Fun, or increase the Value of the weapon. stickers range from teh cheapest $0.30 ones, to rare Holo's, foils and golds wich change the apearance of teh stickers, wich can set you back $15 Up for the good ones. All of this stuff is good for trading. teh more expencive the item is, obdviosly the more you will get out of the trade. But There are Many problems with trading: -Low Ballers -Scammers -Profit Pugs etc. Low Ballers tend to only give you half of what your offering in Item Value. they dont want to give you any profit, and they Basicaly are only there to piss people off or get an awsome deal off some spud who deosnt realize there low balls. Scammers are a big Problem. i recently Lost an AK-47 blue laminate with about $3 worth of stickers on it to a Scammer. i was quite much a nub at trading then, and thats how they get you. some may offer real money for the Items. This CANNOT BE DONE THROUGH STEAM. REMEMBER THAT <--- because the guy who scammed me, copyed a recept from a $5 steam wallet perchase, with service links and all to make it look legit. he changed some words around, and made it look Emaculatly real. so ofcource i got a bit exited. so exited, i didnt read the Email properly. in the YELLOW WRITING it said: This person is offering: nothing - WARNING! YOU WILL NOT GET ANYTHING OUT OF THIS DEAL. IF THE OTHER TRADER HAS OFFERED YOU MONEY, IT MAY BE A POTENTIAL SCAM!" and then over to teh right in The custom msg box he had his deal. as soon as i accepted it the comunication between us stopped. i spammed him and abused him, but it was to late. BE VERY CAREFULL WHEN TRADING. Otherwize, trading can be realy fun. you can get tons of crapy skins and to the right buyer, you can trade them all for one you realy like. then you can use it ingame, and people can see how pro you are with your OG skin :D. so over all, i would recomend this game. The game play is Great fun, and extremely adictive. The Skin trading is surios and fun as well. The Comunity whome you will be playing with is great as well. its a simple, yet complex. Surios, yet Casual and fun. its a perfect mix, and at the momant its one of the best games iv played ever. By all means, Get this game.
game-hours: 1546.1
review: BEST
game-hours: 506.9
review: Great game 10/10
game-hours: 636.6
review: This game is a part of my life because is a new page of Counter-Strike world.The Matchmaking system is one of my favourite parts of this game because it's funny to play for mm ranks and spend a lot of hours with your friends.The personalized weapons is another way to make money or spend money. Althought , this game is cheap and awesome. Valve made an awesome product such everytime and with this title thy showed their supremacy.
game-hours: 962.0
review: This game is great. It taught me to: 1. Hate ruski people. 2. Hate polski people. 3. Hate british people. 4. Hate finnish people. 5. Hate unboxing . 6. Waste all my money to skins. 7. Blame everything on 64 tick. 8. How not to lose your knife to random stranger. "You can shoot badies 1337/420" - IGN
game-hours: 1160.4
review: H.U.R.E.N.S.O.H.N GAME !
game-hours: 28.1
review: Buy it bro! ^^
game-hours: 127.3
review: WORST ING FPS EVER (and im not CoD fanboy)
game-hours: 583.5
review: If you like russians on your team, which you cant understand....you will love this game!
game-hours: 865.5
review: Most vegytek mg lcs:D
game-hours: 461.5
review: Very good and fun game if this is still being added to this is going to awsome
game-hours: 1256.7
review: passed my russian exam
game-hours: 289.9
review: good game
game-hours: 740.0
review: Good game .
game-hours: 142.9
review: Brilliant game, bought it ages ago and still play whenever I can! Every match is different, the gameplay is fluid and controlled and I really do have great fun playing!
game-hours: 275.0
review: good
game-hours: 369.5
review: Can't wait to see it blow up.
game-hours: 331.0
review: An unique game what can i say Its cs go with its own recoil,skins,competitive also includes smurfs,griefers and hackers for free! (watch out for VAC)
game-hours: 886.2
review: Yup, really good game, you can spend say a day, you can make you're 14.99 back and profit.
game-hours: 209.4
review: The game is very good
game-hours: 192.1
review: Real Knife = 7.5$ - 200$ Virtual Knife = 50$ - 425$ What a good game :)
game-hours: 406.3
review: great game so much fun to play with friends
game-hours: 81.3
review: If Valve's goal was to make an 'unfair' simulator, I'd say it was a resounding success. If their goal was to make an 'unfair' game they failed. 'Game' suggests I have some form of impact on what goes on. Don't let my play time confuse you, it also takes into account all the time I spent waiting for the next round, actual playtime was closer to 10 minutes.
game-hours: 235.7
review: good game u should buy it okay
game-hours: 69.1
review: guns. WOW 720/10
game-hours: 259.0
review: WARNING Do not buy this game. at first when you get your first  mp9 sand dashed ( ed condition) you will find an addiction to get better skins and then when you spend half of your lifes savings on camos on them you will then find a new addiction. The CSGO Lounge. Do not log into that  cause it will   your skins. And after you have lost all of your good skins and on the verge of suicide cause you had to sell everything to get those skins. you will buy more skins. then lose them again. 10/10 more addicting than speed and cocaine combined.
game-hours: 284.3
review: Easy to play, hard to master. Great game 10/10
game-hours: 321.2
review: Love it, thanks to it i was able to learn Russian :) !!
game-hours: 554.2
review: Amazing ..
game-hours: 20.3
review: I've always wanted this game i've seen so many video's on it mainly FrankirOnPcIn1080P and when i finally got it, it was exactly what i thought it would be like. This is truely an amazing game for those hardcore FPS players out there (Not Me xD), more realistic than any other FPS game i've played before it has just an amazing enviroment to play in and realism.
game-hours: 294.8
review: CS:GO is a good game :P <3
game-hours: 1070.6
review: I'm a game addict, and CS:GO is my drug of choice. The many variables, players, maps, T or CT-side, weapons, budget, make that every game is different. Never gets old.
game-hours: 229.4
review: Good Game, very fun, Different playstyles
game-hours: 1160.4
review: 100% Must play
game-hours: 368.9
review: One of the best games on Steam right now, I have over 300 hours of game play. Competitve mode is addictive as you want to try and rank yourself up, it is at the same time challenging as you can be playing one game that is easy then next game you could be against a bunch of "veterans" that give you a good match. Really worth the money. 10/10
game-hours: 1018.0
review: Good.)
game-hours: 25.3
review: Cuz Gaben 11/10 - Would Gaben Again
game-hours: 478.9
review: Couter-strike global offensive is a very smart game. It's a game that's too smart to just say "Hey, here's a gun, go send some guys to hell..." It's a game that tells you that but also tells you "And those guys are all smarter, stronger, better and everything you can imagine than you". It's a game that keeps you on your toes every minute your playing it. Counter-strike is a series of games that have a HUGE community. Who never spent days, months, years playing CS 1.6? It has some very talented players playing it and if you're not prepared for it, your gonna get stomped by them. You're probably going to spend a lot of hours in the spectator mode, but you know what? That's just fine. It's going to be hard, it's going to be frustrating, but that's the fun! Learning from your mistakes is fun and after a lot of practice, your going to love this game. After all that time, your going to realise why this is such a popular game.
game-hours: 367.6
review: Really great game. Diffrent from CSS though, and have diffrent physics, once you get used to it you can enjoy it to its full extent.
game-hours: 499.0
review: This is a very good game, also it is very community friendly; If you want a good game you should get this. (Hope you enjoy) -Panda
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 677.8
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 930.1
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2872.3
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 206.1
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 784.0
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 830.5
review: DONT BUY THIS GAME, ITS SO GOOD YOU WILL GET ADDICTED AND IT WILL RUIN YOUR LIFE
game-hours: 2747.3
review: Spent almost 100 EUR on this game, lost over 200 EUR on csgolounge, spent almost 2,500hrs on this game thats about 2 and a half months played nonstop or basicly little over year (if you play everyday about 8 hrs), learned many different languages like russian, polish, spanish, swedish, and better english, destroyed many nerves, made a lot of frag movies, and lost a lot from my social life. Or basicly 1 year wasted of my life, and fair amount of money in skins. But i will still play... ...Because... ..You can never stop. 10/10
game-hours: 345.8
review: Learn Russian while also shooting people! Best language-learning tool around!
game-hours: 930.4
review: .....
game-hours: 1921.0
review: It's like herpes, doesn't go away, and a big group of people has it.
game-hours: 238.9
review: YAASSSSS GURRRRRRRRLLLLLLLLLLL
game-hours: 683.5
review: In-game guns and knives cost more than the game itself. 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 139.5
review: Most realistic and strategic gun game I have ever played.
game-hours: 184.3
review: This game is amazing.
game-hours: 321.7
review: Great game, you get ban for not being able to connect in competitive 9/10
game-hours: 456.6
review: This game is great but the rank up system needs some work but still really great game
game-hours: 198.5
review: Never knew I had a gambling addiction until this game opened my eyes...
game-hours: 1133.0
review: I LIKE THIS GAME
game-hours: 36.1
review: R.I.P. Deagle though.
game-hours: 302.6
review: I love it, its great and the skins for weapons are just Beast. WARNING: NO HIT MARKERS
game-hours: 1079.9
review: I never thought that I would lose all my spare time to this game but it happened. The game is just truely fun once you have the basics down as the game is just about communication and pure skill or wallhacks and aimbots.
game-hours: 1717.9
review: wasted my life 10/10
game-hours: 464.7
review: Dust2 All day, every day. Rushing Long, Smoking Mid.
game-hours: 83.4
review: It's ok, easy when you play against a guy called djkingmehta though
game-hours: 171.5
review: Easiest game ever
game-hours: 558.8
review: nice game you have to play it
game-hours: 509.5
review: 10/10 would buy again
game-hours: 600.8
review: best
game-hours: 199.0
review: in best game eva!
game-hours: 454.2
review: fantastic game, love it, i'm improving alot!
game-hours: 899.0
review: great game, fun gun play, great competitive matchmaking, awesome skins and much more. You need to get your hands on this game.
game-hours: 170.3
review: I couldn't figure out where the bomb was in a casual match and got kicked. 10/10 Would get yelled at again
game-hours: 892.8
review: Fedt spill
game-hours: 891.1
review: Just lovin' it! Have been playing for a while, even made me to buy a better headset and mouse!
game-hours: 115.7
review: very good game buy it and play. good for all skill groups! very fun and skill based gameplay!
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 677.8
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 930.1
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2872.3
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 206.1
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 784.0
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 1094.8
review: its ok
game-hours: 295.7
review: Trash.
game-hours: 959.5
review: CS: GO Is a brilliant game based around fun but skill based gameplay with different strategies and working together with your teammates to win a match. 10/10 :D
game-hours: 521.5
review: russians and 12 year olds, like cod but better. 11/10
game-hours: 150.7
review: Smoke mid everyday
game-hours: 36.7
review: Played the game. Kept dying by one-hit Ak-47's from a mile away. Switched to Ak next match. Could barely hit anything, even when firing in bursts. Got knifed. Threw my mouse. Quit. Best "How the  did I die?!" Simulator.
game-hours: 521.7
review: I haven't been in-sync with the CS series, and this is my first of them. It is a great teamwork-based game in order to win. Beside the wallers, aimlocks, smurfs, and somewhat toxic community, this game is absolutely worth every penny!
game-hours: 297.7
review: This cant run on windows 3.1
game-hours: 392.4
review: I learned fluent Russian in 2 weeks thanks to this game.
game-hours: 1514.5
review: Great game. Recommending it to everyone out there!
game-hours: 523.5
review: Classic cs gameplay, new and great look, game mechanics slightly different, but still good, love all the new game modes and weapon customizations!
game-hours: 248.0
review: Best shooting game !
game-hours: 668.8
review: Da best without hackers ofc
game-hours: 285.6
review: Fajna gra
game-hours: 143.9
review: I LOVE IT
game-hours: 776.4
review: I really recommend this game!
game-hours: 2051.9
review: Love it
game-hours: 1103.0
review: Amazing game for competitive play.
game-hours: 632.3
review: help me relax after play dota 2
game-hours: 1028.5
review: This is a really good game, and it is really fun to play with friends!
game-hours: 1193.7
review: I would say that on a scale from orange juice to a fish tank I would give this game a solid GabeN
game-hours: 189.3
review: Give it a bash
game-hours: 124.9
review: Worth the price. Great game so far.
game-hours: 350.3
review: Best game EVER
game-hours: 174.4
review: A great new installment of the Counter Strike series! CS GO offers alot more than the last games and brings back the classic deagle headshot that we all loved in previous counter strike games! classic modes are back! maps look better! IT HAS STEAM WORKSHOP! So if you can buy it for that low price DO IT AND YOU WONT REGRET IT!
game-hours: 384.8
review: its taken over my life, soo much fun
game-hours: 67.8
review: So addictive .
game-hours: 703.7
review: this game is very fun and competetive
game-hours: 267.2
review: Dingle Dangle = the new meta
game-hours: 1029.6
review: Best game ever made! But 64 tic needs to go on MM servers
game-hours: 101.8
review: Its got me hooked
game-hours: 409.5
review: So lets make a reveiw shall we, if you are considering buying this game, it will take practice, more likely you will suck to begin with, then you will get silver before never ranking up because every time you think you are close to that nova some guy anchors so hard the entire boat sinks. 9.5/10 For Great Gunplay, Map Design (*coughs* DUST II *coughs*) and in general just a good game to get good at
game-hours: 202.3
review: I like it because of the GoGo Girls - Cody Brooks (And well, the game is called CS:GO so yeah, GoGo Girls... GEDDIT? HEHEUEHEUHEUE) And well, i tried to play arms race but you still run on feet. =/ So i give this game 3/10 because of that B...but.. but... you know what? F*ck it. 11/10 Got Cody Brooks in it.
game-hours: 365.9
review: Great teamwork great gameplay and great weapon skins. What more could you possibly want?
game-hours: 1144.8
review: Yolo~
game-hours: 4.0
review: Everybody yells at me to do  that I don't understand. They tell me to do stuff I don't like. It makes me uncomfortable. They stick things in my- Oh. I'm writing a review for CSGO? I thought it was a review for that one time in Florida. It's a good game.
game-hours: 174.2
review: (dust II) see trough the door wait 3 sec and get yourself a headshot 10/10 best game ever XD
game-hours: 803.9
review: The rage in competive matches ruins friendships.... 10/10 Would rage again
game-hours: 1382.6
review: .  .
game-hours: 162.6
review: CS:GOvno Waste of 11 eu
game-hours: 549.6
review: net
game-hours: 152.6
review: Best multiplayer game.
game-hours: 472.0
review: someone yelled mlgihad when the bomb went off 10/10
game-hours: 864.4
review: AWESOMMEEE
game-hours: 331.4
review: Awesome Game
game-hours: 722.0
review: Good .
game-hours: 310.5
review: The first thing players will notice about CS: GO is how beautiful the game looks. Counter-Strike has always been known as a series that has valued substance over style, but Valve has been more than happy to usher CS: GO into the modern era with breathtaking visuals. Fans will be delighted to see their favorite maps reworked with a fresh and vibrant color pallet. The lighting effects are particularly well crafted as the detailed shadows add another level of depth to many of the games iconic level designs. The new designs are not all flash either, many old maps of the series like Aztec and Dust return with a new design aimed at offering players a more balanced competitive experience. While CS:GO may not support the same over-the-top special effects that other FPS behemoths like Call of Duty and Battlefield are known for, the improvements still prove to be more than noticeable and further entice players to get enthralled in the addicting gameplay. Other than the new look, the gameplay of CS: GO remains relatively unchanged. Sure there are a number of tweaks to the objective multiplayer FPS, but the game still feels, and more importantly plays like a Counter Strike game. That means ungodly aim and perfect map positioning are a must if you want to succeed. As with other CS titles, CS: GO revolves around the players ability to aim, rewarding those who fire in short succinct bursts, while those who spray will find themselves quickly the prey of their more disciplined counter-parts. This aim driven skill intensive combat has long been the staple of the franchise and makes a welcomed return in CS: GO. As with the core gameplay mechanics, the two premier game modes Hostage and Defuse remain fundamentally the same. For those of you unfamiliar with Counter Strike both game modes work under the same premise, with two teams the Terrorists and Counter-Terrorists (CTs) pitted against each other. The game is split into rounds (usually best of 30), where players attempt to achieve the assigned objectives; but the real kicker is, that each mode hosts perma-death meaning when you die you are dead for the duration of the round. Unlike other popular shooters that use a class system, CS lets players define their own class buying equipment, armor, and tools at the start of each round, if you survive the round your items will be transferred into the next round, but if you die you will have to buy everything all over again (if you can afford it). The real difference between the two modes lies in their objectives, in defuse the terrorists attempt to plant a bomb at one of two bomb sites, while the CTs attempt to defend the positions. Inversely in Hostage the CTs are charged with rescuing a group of hostages while the Terrorists attempt to keep them contained. The only real notable change to Hostage and Defuse is the addition of Competitive and Casual versions of each mode. Competitive is the standard version of each game mode from pervious installments of the series. Players will have to buy their armor, friendly fire and player clipping is turned on, and team size is restricted to 6v6. Perhaps the most interesting facet of Competitive mode is the new ranked matchmaking system, that looks to pit players against their peers based (win/loss ratio). This is a welcomed addition as it ensures that good players will find the quality competition that they are looking for, while also allowing new players a chance to play against opponents more relative to their skill level. On the other hand, Casual mode offers a high intensity carefree experience. Friendly fire is turned off, players spawn in with full armor, and kills produce 50 percent less cash. The 50 percent reduction in money gains really sets this game mode apart from Competitive. It helps keep the mode balanced as players will find themselves with additional funds from not having to purchase armor at the start of each round, but it also insures that better players do not receive too much of an advantage over the opposition. One of the most common complaints with previous Counter-Strike games was that the games high skill curve creates a barrier to entry for many new players new to the franchise. With deaths being as quick and merciless as they are, and a large portion of the CS community having been playing the tactical shooter for the better part of a decade, learning the skill comprehensive combat can be quite an obstacle. Luckily Valve thought of this and in turn created, the Arms Course a small simple tutorial, but something the series desperately needed. Running through the quick gauntlet will teach you all the basics, while it will hardly give you the skills you need to face the hardened veterans that await, it will at least let you understand the basics. Additionally players will also be able to refine their skills in custom games against bots or even partake in two new Arsenal modes, which spawned from the popular Gun Game Modes in Counter Strike: Source and 1.6. Arms Race is the traditional version of gun game pitting two teams of players against each other in what appears to be a traditional TDM setting. When players are able to kill an enemy on the opposing team they will move on to the game, the first player to move through the entire weapon rotation, ending with the ever impressive knife kill is victorious. Demolition on the other hand plays much more similar the classic Defuse game mode. Just as it is in the classical CS: GO game mode when a player dies in Demolition they're dead for the entirety of the round, however unlike the original game modes there is not shop, instead as players get kills their arsenal changes. Typically the guns are downgraded as players get more kills actually making it easier for players who are doing worse to kill their opponents in the next subsequent round. These new modes serve as a great entry for new players allowing them to try a variety of the games weapons, while working on their aim. Besides the two new game modes, Valve also introduces eight new weapons into the game. However, the new weapons feel more like redesigns as each new gun basically serves to replace an old gun. For instance the Schmidt Scout sniper from Counter-Strike Source is gone, but it has been replaced with the SSG 08, a sniper that does relatively the same damage and even has a similar look and feel. Some of you might be upset that Valve isn't offering an impressive new cache of weapons, but in truth their old trusted selection of weapons and tools serves them quite well. CS has been using similar weaponry for almost as long as I have been gaming and that has helped the series to continue to produce one of the most balanced completive weapon sets ever seen in a FPS. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ Gives CS a much-needed facelift Cheap cheap +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ ---------------------------------------------------------- Nothing revolutionary here ---------------------------------------------------------- Thanks for reading! :3
game-hours: 1135.7
review: Everything about this game is awesome. Except the official matchmaking. and its 64 tick servers. and the hit registration. and the community. and the anti cheat system. oh and its digital knives cost more than real ones... Yet somehow I blew a thousand hours on it. I guess the chicken AI is half decent?
game-hours: 238.5
review: nice game lol
game-hours: 235.8
review: Judio abelankedesh vrolomitau. Zae Counter-Strike : Global Offensive jojopila montona judastia eredest. Polonic aserta veredo hujin bfopi jghae. Ezter onolula sula pula. GGWP.
game-hours: 1282.1
review: it has chickens 420/69
game-hours: 672.5
review: nice game!
game-hours: 925.5
review: ye
game-hours: 528.3
review: Git gud m8
game-hours: 391.3
review: It's nice
game-hours: 439.7
review: is fuuuun for all me amigos in their sombreros plus now me have all de wepons even billion dolor thingies
game-hours: 664.8
review: Smeker
game-hours: 225.0
review: Alot of angry russians 10/10
game-hours: 493.7
review: This game is simply awesome!
game-hours: 1431.8
review: This game ruin lifes
game-hours: 361.2
review: wtf this isnt like call of duty, i cant use my killstreaks
game-hours: 876.6
review: Very recommended. Very Funny Game!
game-hours: 729.6
review: One of the best games ever? :)
game-hours: 189.8
review: I don't own this game why can I review it? 10/10 Edit: after buying the game, I ing hate it so much. please help me
game-hours: 644.2
review: Suchtfaktor SEHR HOCH!! :D Einfach ein geiles Game.
game-hours: 804.9
review: Counter Strike............hmmmm ive been playing since about 2010 with css and when i hear about go i was so excited i played it and it was a wonder to behold and now its still amazing hell better than it was before. Well what does it have to offer: Community: The community can be kinda bad mainly when the game goes on sale, thats when the hackers and mental patients buy the game, but mainly its like minded fellows who will actually know how to shoot back and cooperate rather than give a  about hats or skins (on occasions) Skins: The whole skin thing started back in august of 2013 i was there to see it myself and i was way to ing excited to see those things, now the community has taken the side of valve to make the skins themselves as you can see with the workshop and other places where skins might appear. There crates kindof like tf2 except no cosmetics, there skins for guns ranging from these ranks White, light blue, dark blue, purple, red, pink, and a darker yellow (2 items are the yellow rank). these ranks of the skins show their rarity and *cost* so to speak on the skin itself. There is also a quality system for the skins and that ranges from: Factory-New, Minimal-Wear, Field-Tested, Well-Worn, and Battle- Scarred. Gameplay: Well if you have played a Counter Strike then you know what to expect besides the skins, guns, maps, and other goodies. If you are new then are looking at a search and destroy gamemode except thats the main game besides Arms Race(Gun Game), Demolition(A smaller normal cs with gun game qualitys), Deathmatch(who can get the most points by killing people in the given team), and Casual and Competitive(normal cs). There is no create a class so you have to buy your guns at the start of each round, first is the pistol where all u can afford is pistol, armor and grenades. The buy menu is circle where each of the given weapons are shown like rifles, smgs, etc. each weapon cost money and that money comes from killing people or planting the bomb etc. Now to Story. Story: Really...............Really............. you really thought this game had a ing story really my god people im done goodbye *shoots self* Graphics: Its a valve game that uses a enhanced version of the default source engine. If im not mistaken it uses like a Source 2.5 engine i think idk. The graphic quality is probably the best looking valve game mainly because of just how new it is, But other than that it looks very good and is not needing a highly OP PC to be able to run the game im using a decent laptop for gaming and i can run it, my friend's grandma's computer can run it and thats pretty good. Overall Review 9.5/10 This game is off by .5 points because of the community sometimes but other than that you will have a blast playing it i swear to you and hey it goes on sale a ton so if you got a few bucks spend it on go!
game-hours: 747.4
review: very good
game-hours: 54.9
review: THIS GAME IS: 10% LUCK 20% SKILL 15% CONCENTRATED POWER OF WILL 5% PLEASURE 50% PAIN AND 100% REASON TO PURCHASE THE GAME. (Please keep in mind this game is actually more than 20% skill.)
game-hours: 709.6
review: Best shooter I have ever played, though this requires quite hardware even for lowest settings. I wasn't into FPS games before this, nowadays became part of daily life.
game-hours: 300.6
review: Meh. Got placed Silver 2. Played ~50hours first two weeks.
game-hours: 65.0
review: poop
game-hours: 1236.6
review: ganska kul :P
game-hours: 381.8
review: Little did I know 12 year old's f***** my mom 10/10
game-hours: 396.1
review: Even though the other player can be mean, this game is pretty fun. I am a girl and theres a few other females I have seen on there. I enjoy playing it
game-hours: 644.2
review: Sure isn't source, but there's a ranking system!
game-hours: 1141.9
review: Dirt Game.
game-hours: 744.1
review: if you want to be placed inot unfair competative matched where your entire team is a bunch of kids, griefers, or low ranks because the matchmaking system is absoulutely broken, be my  i n g guest. this game is pure  competitively
game-hours: 1484.4
review: nice game
game-hours: 159.1
review: great game
game-hours: 53.4
review: This game is definately harder and needs much precision and patience, as well as a good headset to hear the sounds of enemys. The game has gotten a lot better, as it has multiple rewards for people while playing in-game, such as weapon skins and crates. Im very glad de_dust is back! I recommend this game to hardcore gamers
game-hours: 502.3
review: Very much worth the money
game-hours: 335.9
review: I love this game. I was obsessed with competitive tf2 before I got this game, and when I bought it I transitioned into it quite well. The competitive nature of the community and intense gameplay are giant pluses to me. One problem I found though, if you get quite into the game and learn the gun mechanics by muscle memory, it is EXTREMELY difficult to play other shooters without pulling your gun down after a second, or jumping and crouching to shoot someone. I guess that would be good though, as it shows it's uniqueness and memorability. Game was definitely worth my $15.
game-hours: 7.6
review: GREAT GAME!
game-hours: 419.9
review: When you play this game, you'll see that the first server you'll ever join you will be 0-8 in no time
game-hours: 94.6
review: Boring ,  community a  load of traders obssesed with shiny weapons and everyone is a tryhard that should take games less seriously.
game-hours: 588.3
review: gg
game-hours: 202.4
review: When I watch the trailer, it was pretty fun as if I was watching a movie about terrorist assault. However, the game itself is quite different from the trailer. Not much can I say, in the trailer, I can see there's lots of teamwork shown by Counter-Terrorist (CT). Also, when the Terrorist guy picked up the machine gun which I assumed a Negev, he shot one CT guy to death easily like there is no recoil. And whatever he shoot (like the wooden crates or the radioactive barrel) toppled down. But in the game itself, those are completely different. The maps are just artificial but simple. The Negev has high recoil, but still preferred for the ability to spray the whole area down. Also, the community here is disappointing. Some of them may co-operate and has high skills and teamwork. But the others, just blaming and taunting or even worst, they teamkilling or feeding the enemies. ******************** But who the hell cares? This game has everything! Bombs, weapons, explosive stuffs, grenades, and MORE maps! If you like realistic FPS games, you better grab one. I recommend playing this because the community has good communicating skills. They won't keep silent and go solo (or yolo) but will stick and co-operate. This is why I love this game! P/S: Sometimes you get weapon drops after each game which you can sell at the market for money. Or you can be creative and design your own weapon skin using the workshop and make money (I guess). 10/10 would play.
game-hours: 86.1
review: no thanks
game-hours: 607.4
review: Trust me when I tell you the CS hype is real. This is pure brilliance and an epitome of online multiplayer gaming. By far, Counter Strike is not just my favourite game but also one of my favourite past times because of its simplicity. You play, you win, you gain. Thats it. No questions asked. I started out as a noob (read newbie) always getting shouted on to a better player but nowhere near the levels of those legends who dont even need to look while shooting. This is what gaming is, even though the graphics are not at par with any present day games (though a lot better than previous Counter Strike instalments) it is still as easily playable and as interesting as any new games.
game-hours: 327.4
review: rilli gei geim would bang again 37/37
game-hours: 877.5
review: GOOD
game-hours: 1661.6
review: Ruined by cheaters,hackers,scammers..and volvo aint doing .They only care about skins and operations..cuz it brings them a lot of money. This is the worst game i ever played. If you dont believe me just try it.
game-hours: 592.9
review: For me CG GO is the best FPS, many modes and always so fun, one of the game you must-have :)
game-hours: 682.4
review: Came to save the world from terrorists. Stayed for the RNG case opening minigame. 10/10 would RNG again.
game-hours: 299.7
review: best game!
game-hours: 303.4
review: The Best Game
game-hours: 1920.8
review: Extremely fun game to play & Trade in. Always been a fan of Counter Strike, and always will be ;)
game-hours: 212.3
review: 9/11 Terrorists win
game-hours: 14.7
review: Bestest.
game-hours: 955.1
review: rolling in skins, haters gonna hate ain'ter gonna .
game-hours: 116.9
review: 8/8 m8
game-hours: 120.3
review: one of the best game i've played ever and really good to learn russian!
game-hours: 609.9
review: I banned 10/10
game-hours: 1635.3
review: I rly love this game as other cs . Much fun . Much swag . much money :)
game-hours: 535.4
review: OYN GUD GEIM JA LAIK TU PAYGRAT IT
game-hours: 124.7
review: One of my favorite games that I played in 2014
game-hours: 226.7
review: If you liked shooter's this game will be a blast of fun :)
game-hours: 291.6
review: well, i had 2 kids in my game trolling a sure win bc i picked up an awp. So the rest of the game they did nothing but try to stand in front of teammates so that they would accidently team kill, my brother left the game and got a 1 week ban, i stayed and played, accidently killed the kid that kept jumping in front of me, got a 2 week ban. my roommate was in the game with us and not wanting a ban, just sat at spawn... and he got afk auto kicked and has a 2 day ban. All 3 of us got bans while the 2 people that actually needed the ban got off scott free. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. TOXIC community ZERO EFFORT from the devs to fix the JUSTICE SYSTEM in place that BANS INNOCENT PLAYERS trying to play the game the proper way while PROTECTING GRIEFERS.
game-hours: 1492.2
review: Chogo maneiro
game-hours: 805.9
review: yes, you mays usckl buy u buy gunsz and u shot thing and if you suck you r nbad amd the comnuty would setroy u
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 677.8
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 930.1
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2872.3
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 206.1
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 784.0
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 247.3
review: Yet another Counterstrike First Person Shooter which started from 1.6, Source and now Global Offensive. But this one is so much different then the others like having chicken running around the map.... also matchmaking with team that suck so much speaking different languages at the mic which you don't ing understand. so come and play and struggle to get out of silver rank. best game 10/10
game-hours: 467.0
review: i ad a 72 day ban then after ten years of wating i want to play a comp round started and after 2 mins i buy mistake shot mi m8 then got another 72 day ban
game-hours: 436.4
review: first time : 0 kill 25 deaths 20/10 best rage simulator ever
game-hours: 160.0
review: nice game.
game-hours: 98.3
review: A really good game for FPS gamers. Does take a little bit to getting used to but still fun. Has a cool case system like in Team Fortress 2 and the same economy and trading lounge.
game-hours: 1350.5
review: Awesome game! Its great for competetive games and mods. Get this game instead of source if your computer can run it.
game-hours: 178.4
review: The best russian language teacher. 10/10
game-hours: 348.0
review: Nice games
game-hours: 354.2
review: Best competive game ever hate the fact you het banned for timing out pisses me off. Still a great game
game-hours: 1275.9
review: Pretty Good FPS!
game-hours: 7.1
review: Good game, but hard to get your head around and you will die alot
game-hours: 584.7
review: 10/10 Would die everytime for fun
game-hours: 641.4
review: I guess it's Ok
game-hours: 1174.9
review: VERY NICE GAME, BUT NOT WITH RUSSIANS
game-hours: 271.6
review: If This game was a potato it would be a good potato. but all features ripped from Hello Kitty Online. 4/20 -Volkswagen
game-hours: 82.7
review: Broke my kneecaps to the theme tune of this game. Totally worth it because I made the NHS and I can fix it.
game-hours: 279.9
review: yes
game-hours: 413.6
review: Great game. You will rage, I promise.
game-hours: 516.1
review: The superior FPS ! Very tactical and endless playtime.
game-hours: 390.9
review: This game is so fun especially if you play competitive with friends. the one downside is that if you want to get cool weapon skins you will need to spend money. Do buy this though because its a great game.
game-hours: 958.8
review: awesome game
game-hours: 317.0
review: 12/12 would counter strike again
game-hours: 1999.8
review: I LOVE THE GAME NOW USED TO BE A LOT OF PROBLEMS NOW NONE.
game-hours: 1180.6
review: One of the best games for competetive playing. Still have awesome gameplay like in 1.6. >Good graphics >Cheap game (I bought all CS games for 3) >Easy to learn basics and tactics >MUCH BETTER THAN CALL OF DUTY >Working ranking system >Fun to play >Skill or bad day affect your playing (very true) >ITS FROM VALVE!!! GO AND BUY IT, IDK WHAT YOU ARE WAITING FOR (For sale I know :D) ------------------------------------------------------ >Very expensive design items (knife for 300, like really? I can buy a real one :D) >Flamers like "OMG NOOB STILL HAVE SILVER RANK HAHHAHA", *you are playing 1vs1 and than you will die* "omg ing noob go play tetris, l2p...." >Good internet connection (cuz delay -_-) >PATIENCE NEEDED, easy way how to broke you monitor or keyboard
game-hours: 108.2
review: 10/10
game-hours: 427.1
review: 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 736.4
review: This should be the standard for Shooters. Call of Duty and Battlefield are good games, but they will never be as good as CounterStrike. This game gives you adrenaline when you are in a clutch, gives you the satisfaction of one tapping with the ak and the sound when you dink with the m4. This can never be matched.
game-hours: 1934.5
review: worth it
game-hours: 197.4
review: good...
game-hours: 411.7
review: Oink. Good stuff 86/100
game-hours: 463.6
review: Lived and played long enough to be called a smurf. 10/10 good game.
game-hours: 273.8
review: good game
game-hours: 648.8
review: I never played Counter-Strike before. CS:GO was the first CS I ever played and I love it! Great gameplay, good graphics, simple tasks and lots of missions. The thing I love the most about this game is that you can actually earn cool skins. You should definitely buy it!
game-hours: 550.7
review: amazing game :)
game-hours: 1087.8
review: gr8 game i r8 8/8 and appreci8
game-hours: 126.1
review: This is way better than 1.6 or Source. Both 1.6 and Source are full of hackers, this one has too, but less. GO also adds molotovs and decoys which is pretty cool. This version also has much better graphics and improved maps, which keeps me playing even more, because graphics DO matter. Gameplay stays faithful to the original 1.6, which is really great because theres lots of 1.6 players that moved on to this version. It also runs great on old hardware. Rating: 9/10 If there were less hackers, it would be 10. (AND YES, THE AWP IS STILL 1-SHOT KILL. .)
game-hours: 474.0
review: Excellent game. Had a lot of fun and competitions playing it with my friends. I would recommend it to anyone.
game-hours: 514.8
review: i r8 8/8 m8 the b8 is gr8 m8
game-hours: 561.7
review: This game is very !
game-hours: 605.2
review: This game is good, buy it now
game-hours: 548.5
review: What is there to say... Simple mechanics, addictive gameplay, skins for your guns. This game has it all!
game-hours: 1323.7
review: best game which i played!
game-hours: 471.4
review: Melhor experincia competitiva que um jogo j me proporcionou.
game-hours: 3815.2
review: O futuro!
game-hours: 117.4
review: gr8 game m8 8/8
game-hours: 1044.0
review: i like it :D its a counter strike game whats not to expect?
game-hours: 893.9
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is probably my favorite game right now becuase of the possibilities in-game. You have all the weapons in the game to start of with, but there is a lot of skins to make them look better. There is a huge amount of skins you can collect from cases, marketing and betting. You can also get nice drops from missions. The game is almost all about statrategy and chemistry between players. There is also different roles. The most played gamemode is probably Competetive. After 10 matches won, you will receive a rank that will organize who you are gonna play with. The ranking system is based on the ELO system. There is also Deathmatch, Arms Race and Casual. The CS:GO community is huge and I could easily give this game a 10/10 becuase of that.
game-hours: 341.3
review: Hell yes! I murder everything with a Negev.
game-hours: 2184.3
review: gg
game-hours: 1647.5
review: Por vezes pode ser uma dor de cabea mas altamente viciante
game-hours: 609.9
review: Great game eats all of your money <3 :)
game-hours: 672.9
review: Very good game!!!
game-hours: 3235.5
review: da best
game-hours: 553.8
review: AMAZING
game-hours: 853.5
review: 10/10
game-hours: 61.2
review: I only really play competitive machmaking now, the rush of being the last man on your team and trying to find the bomb to defuse is something you cant experience in any other game 10/10 would reccomend.
game-hours: 370.5
review: khatere
game-hours: 703.1
review: lets go baesket!!!!!! shoot capitalist swine <3
game-hours: 446.2
review: najs men najs najs
game-hours: 2626.5
review: bra spel :)
game-hours: 482.4
review: Good game :)
game-hours: 453.8
review: I would recommend this game, its easy to run and it is a heck ton of fun.
game-hours: 5.5
review: There are little Chickens that run around the map and dress up for holidays. 0/10 Needs Animal Diversity
game-hours: 1332.5
review: 10/10 Would play again
game-hours: 532.2
review: I've learned fluid Russian from this game. I also learned that a silver elite master can be paired up with silver I's, while the other team is paired up with Na'Vi. I ALSO learned that there are people who you drop a 50 bomb on in the entire game that turn out to be nova 3's.....WHERE'S MY GLOBAL ELITE ? Anyways 10/10 -IGN
game-hours: 224.4
review: I am globally offended by the playerbase, true to it's name, 10/10 This game is the fire that keeps Russians warm in their cold cold winters as your burning rage against them is their fuel. It trains them to take other countries that do not belong to them and completely ruins your opinion on weird backwards letter language causing it to become a rage-inducing monologue of pain. This game is so overwhelmed by Russians the word cika (or whatever) will forever ring in my ears due to prolonged explosure to them. Enjoy shooting guns at Russians and practicing recoil control for 200 hours before being able to hit one as every bullet seems to blow into a different direction until you know the 80 patterns which go all over the place; trained military hardcore badasses cannot control a little pea shooter and to end this review I will just say; do not even attempt this game, comrad. Only fun thing is getting Russians angry enough to kill you twice and get them banned for a week and hear them whine about reporting and banning you, which will happen anyways whether you annoy them or not.
game-hours: 308.8
review: i can shoot through walls now 10/10
game-hours: 532.4
review: Smurf Simulator 2015
game-hours: 545.3
review: Counter Strike: Global Offense Is a great game. Unlike most FPS games, Global offense requires strategy. It makes you talk to your TeamMates, This game makes you think, "Hmmm...Sould i go to A or B?" That's my opinion though.
game-hours: 483.0
review: Counetr strike is a bit hard to get into, but when you step foot into the battlefield the game seems to just get better. May be better if they made beginner lobbies, but oh well, start to walk before you can crawl.
game-hours: 404.4
review: By far my favorite game. I love playing this with friends and i enjoy the item system. 9.5/10
game-hours: 461.3
review: This game... where do I even start. I could mention all of the great guns Counter-Strike:Global Offensive starts you out with, but gives you a "bots" mode that serves as a tutorial, and a gamemode all the same. It's a great and fun way to learn all of your guns while still being treated as the newer player you are, if you are one. This game has elements from both the Source engine and the 1.6 engine, corresponding to the original Counter-Strike, running 1.6, and Counter-Strike:Source, running, well source. In this manner it appeases to fans of all ages, both newbies and veteran Counter-Strike players. It also has amazing looking new "guns," or gun skins. For some going to only 4 cents on the market, people can acquire some easy skins that can change up your playstyle, or very expensive (100-400 dollar) gun camos, for collectors who like to have only the best. It throws you off a bit if you are used to First-Person Shooters like Call of Duty or Battlefield in the fact that you cannot sprint, and aim-down your sights on all of your weapons. Even so, it teaches you the skill of learning your accuracy and how to shoot effectively to take down your opponents. So let me recap: (PROS) Great sort of tutorial, appeases to new fans and veterans, cheap but nice looking gun camos, teaches you skill. (CONS) Best gun camos are REALLY expensive, throws you into matches with players LEAGUES better than you occasionally, and is a tad bit difficult to master. I am, as you can see by my time played, nothing more than a decent player, for the n00b I am. So don't take my word for it. Go talk to someone with hundreds of hours, and see what they have to say. This is not but a small recap of the pros and cons of CS:GO, and why I like it. 9.2/10
game-hours: 200.7
review: ITS A FUN GAME.
game-hours: 403.1
review: I absolutely love it. Spent all of my steam wallet money on skins that i barely use. 11/10 would skin again
game-hours: 680.5
review: Whats up people who scroll down here. My names Reagan and i would just like to tell you that this game is not for beginners. This is a game that takes skill, effort, and team plays. If you play call of duty dont even ing buy this game its not for you.
game-hours: 380.0
review: best game ever made
game-hours: 635.9
review: Probably my favorite game ever. I play it with my friends all the time. Sometimes, I play by myself. 10/10
game-hours: 292.7
review: Amazing
game-hours: 130.7
review: Socom:GO is Awesome!
game-hours: 207.8
review: Great game. I get to shoot people without getting arrested.
game-hours: 304.6
review: Amazing game, gives some opertunities to earn some steam $$$$ :D + meat a lot people. Love this game 4 ever!
game-hours: 528.2
review: An excellently crafted game combines both skill, teamwork and a little bit of luck for action packed rounds worth of fun. BE warned this game is not for the faint of heart and is extremly competitve. Give this game time and master all it has to offer and soon you will find yourself having alot of fun and being rewarded by this. HIGHLY recomend getting some friends together for this game as that just increases the fun.
game-hours: 1.7
review: greatest game i ever played
game-hours: 290.0
review: I got this game because there's a butterfly knife in it.... Then I found out a knife is $100.... Ah whatever, it's a great tactical FPS and I highly recommend playing it.
game-hours: 1840.3
review: best
game-hours: 436.2
review: Good Game
game-hours: 223.8
review: Awsome game. Game is training your reflex and abillity to think and react fast. Recommend it.
game-hours: 139.1
review: classic old cs, with a bit of twist
game-hours: 479.7
review: Has a wierd community. The game itself is good.
game-hours: 404.1
review: a god!
game-hours: 528.5
review: The Best game
game-hours: 264.7
review: Rage Simulator 2011
game-hours: 393.4
review: Great game, would recommend!
game-hours: 706.5
review: people always ask me how i became so good, and when they do, i give them the same simple answer: Years of practice; as ive been playing CS since 99' Good computer specs; mac preferably. State of the art processor and graphics card :]
game-hours: 195.8
review: I bought this game for the chickens, and was not disappointed. After exploring the countless lands the chickens have traveled far and wide, I realized their population was growing too large. The chickens had started to inhabit such horrid locations across the world, such as nuclear plants, and offices without cafeterias. I knew what had to be done. I bought a flip knife off of the steam market, and called PETA. I listened to In the Arms of an Angel in my Microsoft Professional Deluxe Gaming Chair 360 for about twelve hours with no response, so, I decided to take matters into my own hands. I loaded up de_nuke and started to put the chickens out of their misery. I cried harder that night than I have ever before
game-hours: 618.6
review: Well i always was i CS1.6 player. Later i tried the CS:S, i didn't like it at all. Later the CS:GO beta came out, and i tried it, if it's better than CS:S, but it wasn't. But now, it is better than both previous games. Why? Because CS:GO is mixing the best parts of both games. Pros: - Matchmaking system, with Competition mode, and ranking - New gamemodes by default, like Deathmatch, Armsrace, Demolition - De_nuke has some great changes (secret is more close to T spawn) - You get money for playing CS:GO (Since i started playing CS:GO, i'm sure i got 30+  without opening any cases.) - Great Operation maps - Pretty fun with friends - Stattrak skins - Blueshell effect (if your team looses more rounds in a row, you get more money at the next round start, so you can afford to full buy every round.) - Community events (Dreamhack winter, EMS Katowice...) - Very cheap. If you are lucky, you can buy it for 2. Cons: -Too many hackers (i know, if you play against hackers, that match will not count as a defeat) - Failing Matchmaking system, sometimes i get in a match, my team is nova gold 3-4, the enemy is Golden AK. Or the enemy team is around nova gold 3, and i get unranked/silver teammates. - Too many smurfing players. High skilled players (Global Elite) make a second account, just to pwn the silver-gold players. (I just got deranked, because of that a few minutes ago.) - Operation maps don't last forever. - Too many players don't speak english at all. (Last night i lost 3 matches in a row, just because my team spoke french, spanish, russian, polish, german, but not english.) - Too many ragekids, who are the last in your team, but wants to kick you out of the match, or just shoot you in the head for no reason at all. - Hitbox is still buggy. I love to see that, i shot somebody in the head, his blood squirts to the wall behind him, then he kills me. Then I check the console, and it says i dealt no damage to him. Valve pls... - Skins. Some of them are overpriced as **** - Terrible spray for AK - Horrible spawn system in Deathmatch. (Just like in any CoD game or worse) - No storyline at all.
game-hours: 879.4
review: 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 281.4
review: Very good! Finaly you can move on from traditional cs 1.6! :D
game-hours: 518.9
review: EDIT: Great game really fun! Sadly i feel once you have played to a certain point it feels like a requiuirement to have friends. Without people to play with that you know it feels a bit empty besides that AMAZING game 11/10 would be called a hacker again :D
game-hours: 265.9
review: Good
game-hours: 41.0
review: You suck, then you get good. Best Game Ever
game-hours: 2247.2
review: best game...
game-hours: 193.4
review: You cant win with this game. if you are new to the game or if you are a low rank you get called "a ing noob" or if you are good or a high rank you get called "a ing Hacker". But aside from that this game does give you one good thing, you come out of it with an A* in your Russian exam.
game-hours: 395.6
review: Counter-Strike goes without saying that's it's one of the oldest First Person Shooter titles out there that has still to let out it's dying breath. It's a very tactical game where you must eliminate the opposite team. So tactical that from playing this, you get to learn foreign languages, have a degree in social communication skills, group chanting, radio broadcasting and wonder how you can't hit someone at point blank and if that d*ck that killed you is indeed a hacker or not. Welcome to the best FPS on the market.
game-hours: 1247.2
review: Love the game... Hate the hackers...
game-hours: 33.1
review: Like the previous games in the series, Global Offensive is an objective-based multiplayer first-person shooter. Counter Strike: Global Offensive adds new weapons and equipment not seen in previous installments, most notably the firebomb for each side (Molotovs for Terrorists and incendiary grenades for Counter-Terrorists). These temporarily cover a small area in fire, dealing damage to anyone passing through. Personally, I enjoy playing this game and obviously recommend it. We also have our own KRP servers in this game so you can join us and have fun. 46.174.52.104:27015 - KRP Knife Arena 46.174.52.129:27015 - KRP De_Dust2 Arena Visit our website, we'll be glad to see you there and on our servers - krp.clan.su
game-hours: 720.5
review: If Russia has to do a census, they just have to play some matchmaking.
game-hours: 13.9
review: countr strik g o is gud countre stirke gmae xcept 4 teh in lag. awp is best gun ftw!!111!!!1!
game-hours: 894.9
review: gg
game-hours: 866.5
review: Pls dont hurt me gabe. NO GABE NOT THE P2000 IVORY I WANT THE BUTTERFLY KNIFE NOT THE P2000 ING IVORY!!! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
game-hours: 510.5
review: This is by far the best game I have ever played.
game-hours: 279.1
review: guns
game-hours: 664.3
review: Very simply, this game is rewarding in the best of ways. Losing is simply a lesson on new tactics to employ in future games. Winning is glorious and hard fought almost every time.
game-hours: 1718.0
review: its in great
game-hours: 1502.9
review: im a freak awper
game-hours: 491.8
review: The game is for the casual or hardcore player, with Casual lobbys for guy's how are looking to blow off some steam and then the Competitive for the hardcore gamer to showoff his moves and teamwork.
game-hours: 339.4
review: This game is incredible! The gameplay is fast paced yet tactical. The competitive mode is balance very well and each round plays so well that every win feels incredible and every loss feels crushing. If you're looking throught the reviews wondering whether you should buy the game or not, you definetly should! Alternative review: KKKNNNIIIIIIEEEEEVVVVVVVVV!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 461.0
review: its the most epic game that i played I really like the compitition in this game and the skins to change the look of the guns EPIC
game-hours: 743.0
review: Nice
game-hours: 801.7
review: Pretty good, 9/10 would play again !
game-hours: 764.8
review: I like this game
game-hours: 420.5
review: This Game Is Nice And Makes Fun
game-hours: 246.4
review: Really hard to master but extremely fun!
game-hours: 836.9
review: Ez
game-hours: 1212.8
review: 10/10 would tap
game-hours: 327.8
review: Great game
game-hours: 249.5
review: Chickens!!!
game-hours: 2343.7
review: EZ PZ LEMON SQUEEZY
game-hours: 721.7
review: YES! MUCH FUN!
game-hours: 1258.8
review: Best fps game out there. 10/10
game-hours: 7.9
review: It's so good, games globally might find it's quality offensive in comparison.
game-hours: 373.1
review: 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 228.3
review: Another russian simulator. worst match making ever and worst precision.
game-hours: 458.3
review: Never seen a better game than this! I was impressed on how many russians are in this game! There's nothing better than russians and their heart-warming language. I've played just a bit but that was enough to understand that this game is briliant. You won't see any hackers or players that decide to leave you for no reason at all! 10/10 - IGN
game-hours: 319.9
review: really good game
game-hours: 433.3
review: Awesome game :)
game-hours: 109.0
review: pew pew
game-hours: 278.1
review: dis game is rly nize
game-hours: 264.4
review: Great game, competitive, fun, frustrating, challenging, addictive.
game-hours: 158.4
review: I can not stop playing Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
game-hours: 644.4
review: Really Good game
game-hours: 884.6
review: The game bad there no dragon or anything thing oh..wait it Counter Strike game uhmmm ......NVM BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 751.7
review: very good game i r8 8/8
game-hours: 783.3
review: An accesible FPS shooter with standard mechanics. A solid recommendation for anyone looking for something a bit more strategic than the COD series, as competitive is only 5 players, "squad" style, games. Once you learn the maps there is nothing stopping you from enjoying the game to it's fullest.
game-hours: 1180.8
review: Ruined my life with the marketplace transactions. 5/5 would recommend to every gamer.
game-hours: 565.1
review: Bomb has been planted.... if you need to read a review of this classic you shouldnt be playing it... just buy and prepare to lose about 1000+ hours of your life... smurfs run rampit so do get discouraged...
game-hours: 1127.9
review: Do not get this game if you do not work as a team, be tactical, and have a strategical mindset. This game is not for the average Call Of Duty Player. Though, if you want to have fun and be in a competitive scene with your friends, this game is right for you. Also on a side note, don't play a MM game if you don't have at least an hour of free time.
game-hours: 232.0
review: #Worth
game-hours: 216.3
review: Really fun game whit big amount of skills that you will learn. This game is a First Person Shooter that you are able to chose the gun that you want juste like Counter Strike Sources. Very Fun Game. The only thing that disapoint me is that you have not that much weapon that you can us. But its pretty cool anyway.
game-hours: 1330.9
review: ...
game-hours: 43.3
review: AWP noscoped 20/10
game-hours: 239.2
review: Very cool game
game-hours: 361.7
review: It's an awesome competitive FPS game!!!
game-hours: 230.3
review: Jokul ista e mui buena commo esta! GGWP, Andrei e curva!
game-hours: 1050.9
review: dem glock fade veri prety howl copyright such gaben sweg would fap again 12/10
game-hours: 388.2
review: Yes.
game-hours: 830.6
review: This is a very good game, After about one hour of play i learnt the phrase " Blyat". But now after play 300+hours i can speak fluent russian. Much better than google translate!
game-hours: 298.4
review: Great game
game-hours: 233.1
review: This game has no killstreaks like when i did not get a nuke when i got 25 kills with no deaths and how much this game does not need that boll*cks seriously buy this game it's good it makes my d*ck hard and bungs me and everyone elses boose 10/10.
game-hours: 540.2
review: Best game ever, Perfectly optimized for any system. Fun to play. To many russians. 11/10 - IGN
game-hours: 1281.1
review: Best FPS ever!
game-hours: 281.0
review: This game is so much fun and way too amazing!
game-hours: 696.4
review: Addicting addition to the Franchise. Unlike other CS games this one has an ever growing development adding skins, maps, and weapons making this hard to pull away from. 6/5 stars.
game-hours: 18.1
review: good game
game-hours: 870.6
review: daym dis game be good as hell doe many chitters but volvo soon take care of them and give to piliceman :))))))
game-hours: 381.0
review: nice game
game-hours: 145.1
review: Best game on steam, and will improve your skill on any FPS.
game-hours: 933.2
review: <3
game-hours: 316.7
review: Bang-Bang
game-hours: 1852.1
review: 1056 hours.....still silver one *****/*****
game-hours: 248.0
review: Learned fluent russian playing this game
game-hours: 656.4
review: it was good
game-hours: 1.8
review: can make or break your day
game-hours: 895.1
review: Great game
game-hours: 491.9
review: VERY GOOD GAME, WOULD BUY
game-hours: 8.2
review: This is an awesome game! I don't know how to get cases yet, but I already like the gameplay...etc. Keep it up
game-hours: 488.5
review: LELELELELELELELELELELLEL TREL
game-hours: 1660.3
review: I think that this game is amazing, it's only problem is cheaters.. too many.
game-hours: 150.8
review: This game was amazing. Goodbye wallet. Even though I got hacked and they used my account so I'm overwatch banned. I still reccomend this game, it was great while it lasted.
game-hours: 253.1
review: Very good alternative when you're tired of Call of Duty or Battlefield. Fun to play with friends.
game-hours: 211.5
review: This game is very awsome! BIG LIKE!!!
game-hours: 742.3
review: Awesome! :D Also a good way of making money in steam ;)
game-hours: 474.8
review: ez pz
game-hours: 151.3
review: awesome game.
game-hours: 447.8
review: Hit detection 0/10, Official servers 0/10, Nuke soundscape 0/10, everything else 5/10. 10/10, would rageplay again. I don't even like this game.
game-hours: 1031.1
review: Pretty awesome game, nice gameplay and a lot of fun, i recommend this to everyone!
game-hours: 1034.6
review: Best shooter game on steam ;)
game-hours: 469.4
review: Rush to B! ;)
game-hours: 894.8
review: It's alright.
game-hours: 161.2
review: Game crashes, Get 2 hour ban. 10/10
game-hours: 61.0
review: Its bad game. except Bhop servers.
game-hours: 1205.6
review: This game may be super frustrating and all, you know, with all the smurfs and throwers. However, after playing this game for over a year now I have come to realize that I still love and enjoy playing this piece of poop. Despite how butthurt I get and how much my scrubby teammates try to Zeus and TK a bunch, I still always come back to play this whenever I can. Obviously, skins make you MLG pro so hopefully soon enough the hundreds on dollars I've spent in CS:GO will soon pay off and bless me with Gaben's luxurious FaZe powers. To sum up this long as furk review, this game may be the reason I lose my mind 24/7, however the enjoyment of getting better and playing it with my (notso) awesome friends makes it all worthwhile! ~(o w o)~ Would reccomend to those who want to actually be cool and not play COD on console.
game-hours: 31.0
review: If You Dont Like It Just Go Suicide With Potato :3 <3 <3 <3 CS:GO <3 <3 <3
game-hours: 449.1
review: Do i buy this? Yes. Yes you do.
game-hours: 137.0
review: Oh boy what a wonderful day for some CS:GO... OH FOR GODS SAKE NOT ANOTHER RUSSIAN TEAM. *Abandons game*. This is literally my love story between me and CS:GO. It's a love hate releationship.
game-hours: 532.3
review: Nice.
game-hours: 1481.3
review: Really bad game, hated it in the first hour. Just had to spend another 1,000 hours pending my view on it.
game-hours: 99.1
review: awesome game!
game-hours: 172.4
review: i relly hate this game. alli do is eat pringles and owp im a tim allen
game-hours: 402.6
review: 10/10 would bang every single chicken that's not dead again.
game-hours: 559.5
review: Chickens blow up... need I say more?
game-hours: 473.0
review: It is a very good game, it is a pocket  but I love it
game-hours: 312.1
review: 11/10 "like skyrim with awp" -ign
game-hours: 525.6
review: Best game ever, no words just buy it!
game-hours: 1617.1
review: Just about the most addicting FPS game known to man. Been a fan since 2000 and still love playing it even 15 years later. But this game is only great because of the community that is involved. Now if we can just keep up with getting rid of the trolls and cheaters then it would even better. Definitely must try it out if you never have.
game-hours: 114.5
review: Really fun shooting game and highly realistic so I recommend it to all!
game-hours: 361.0
review: it's a very nice game !
game-hours: 572.4
review: great fps game with great graphic
game-hours: 36.2
review: gee gee gaben/gaben
game-hours: 242.5
review: This game will make you want to kill yourself and everyone you know
game-hours: 2257.1
review: This game is very nice I r8 8/8 m8
game-hours: 64.4
review: Dear all users about to bye this game, This game is a piece of  that you cant aim. I can't even use my mlg skills to this piece of  game. When i play cod I can tell that me and my mlg teamates work very well because i gets nuke every time. Another reason this game sucks  is there are no hitmarkers, and a  game like this has bullets that curve up so what is the point of having a crosshair when bullets do not go straight. This game doesn't have scorestreaks because csgo is a  and they are scared ill get nukes every round. Also if you do not have any friends and like to jerk off your tiny  to a fps game that doesnt even aim, than this game is for you. Last but not least, everyone on here are hackers and like to  this game every kill and do not enjoy going outside. This game SUCKS! -Every non fagot that actually goes outside and plays sports and do not put shame to their families name after doing nothing useful with their pathetic life
game-hours: 684.1
review: 420
game-hours: 487.9
review: Very fun game and great for friends! But. Can be very frustrating at times..
game-hours: 55.9
review: If you enjoy a game with players that do not see the sunlight, this is a game for you. I personally dont understand why aiming wasnt implemented.The aiming makes no sense whatsoever. Whoever designed weapons were their bullets would continuously either hit the ground or fly to Jesus, should be hung. This is a real weapon shooters nightmare, a bunch of little screaming boys spraying their weapon to all , and the hardcore sniper using MLG players, is attrocious. The amount of time players have on this game is concerning. Upwards of 1500 hours is scary. The best way to waste $15 is to buy this game. I would much rather eat $15 than have bought this game. I just plain dont understand the point of this game. Also, who the  would want to be a terrorist anyway? 1/10
game-hours: 58.4
review: CSGO is amazing for a lot of reasons.. community workshop.. skins and being able to play with the same rank as yourself! I'm personally a T person but csgo has so many features like servers! They block/ban players for cheating which is amazing. So are you still wondering why you should get csgo? Well there's chickens! Anyways 10/10 must recommend
game-hours: 2580.8
review: Fun competitive game, just wish the VAC system would ban the thousands of cheaters there are each day faster and hopefully get rid of the overwatch.. We need valve employees to watch the competitive games when someone is cheating so they can be banned on the spot. Other than that the game is great and the skins are fabulous! Great job with this one valve team!!!
game-hours: 820.7
review: This is great game for you to spend your time on.
game-hours: 61.6
review: best game ever if you like competive games this is for you
game-hours: 3949.2
review: awesome of course
game-hours: 369.4
review: this is best game on the world
game-hours: 1009.7
review: good
game-hours: 1240.4
review: very good game i can play it many hour and still have no bored for this i can only playing surf and competitive mm games and for this it is very good so aim and kill and run and stop plant to stop terror and win this game
game-hours: 642.6
review: awesome game
game-hours: 356.1
review: Boa ey das ja ma voll der MW3 abklatsch ey alta sau die huan die das spielen xDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
game-hours: 829.7
review: Money well spent. I'd rate it 8/8
game-hours: 1.3
review: ^_^  !
game-hours: 2170.4
review: osum game:"
game-hours: 141.3
review: At First I bought this game with some left over money I had from trading my 2 goats and a pig for $25 I thought "Aye..why not try it out" at first it was kind of racist, the terrorists were always looking like my cousins nasik and saddam they even had the same guns as them!.... but then I started playing as a russian terrorist I was like not bad but then the worst part was the fact that no americans were terrorists ??? ???? ? ? ? LIKE FR NO OBAMA BRUH???? DAWG NIKES?? ?? ? ? ? Overrall if your an american fat  on a pc get this game.... if you arabic or russian DO NOT I REPEAT DO NOT GET THIS GAME!
game-hours: 30.3
review: DAT GAME :D
game-hours: 400.6
review: Nice Game For Shooters .
game-hours: 253.8
review: if i play on de_dust2 i listen to Another one bites the dust by Queen if i get a ace i listen to Aces high by Iron Maiden my girlfriend left me and i listen to Wasting Love by iron maiden i don't need her
game-hours: 1201.3
review: 10/10. This game is simply what a FPS should be. Not like CoD where you can camp and spray a gajillion bullets hoping to ill someone. CS:GO requires skill and time. It is not for the feint heart.
game-hours: 796.5
review: It may lack some of the community niceties, beloved maps, and little features of past games, but "Counter-Strike: Global Offensive" delivers on the promise of a faithful, polished, and better looking "Counter-Strike" for whoever wants it. Even if the community doesn't meet the golden standard of "Counter-Strike" and "Counter-Strike: Source", "Counter-Strike: Global Offensive" will remain a multiplayer classic for those willing to put in the time to learn the maps and weapons.
game-hours: 393.7
review: 420/10, will blaze it
game-hours: 1086.0
review: A great FPS game, lots to work on which keeps you busy. Provides lots of game time too.
game-hours: 1202.2
review: csgo is a masterpiece the raision why it's so good is because its absoplutely nothing like 1.7 or (clown)ter spike (michale's kat) source mod, bsolutely sero rezemblence to the piror games and is recommended by favorite comedian peter kay, who is known for his humerous comedy bit about a chocolate hob nob in tea !!!! its SOOO funny !!! anyway 46.2/10 it's a masterpiece peter kay i mean this game is ing garbage one time i was playing ont e4h agem !train" and it's basically not just 1 train as the name suggests but tather a soviet trainyard from the soviet union . the game went like this "kai went a" and he said !hello there a " and i said "no" and i shot them round 2 i wasd writing this review so i didnt do it round 3 i was shooting and the guy died so i stopped . it made me realise the futility of crime as i saw my life flash b4 my eyes in round 4 i realised how ing  a wall is bhecase its useful for stopping bullte. but bullet is used for SHOOT and making DEad SO ITS NECESARY therefore in a fuiture update i am suggesying the removal of wall round 6 we spoke about how the sky fall in round 8 me and ethan were talking abhout how we look in the mirror and there is not a JAGger in site and then the tragedy known as "jet set meets his bed" (in hell for selling illicit substanxcatces on the pupular game "span the andreas: more than one player" ) also i got killed by a brick with the p90 moving on to round 11 that still hasnt happened yet, i assume i killed all 5 members of their team and all 5 of mine and then kieleld myself . in round 14 we assesed the harsh reality of shooting with a ladder on ur back and how hard it is to do the action as per previously described in this very para graph. also additionally in addition to this i shot some1 else and he died and then did the same once more also we did it and got back in time for chwo americon dragon american healthcare american humor the terrorists did nothing wrONG OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO KKKKKKKKKKKK YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA BUDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD would reommebnd this game for the sole reason that once i was watching my favorite tv show "lost" and hurley the fat prick startd washing the dingleberrys out of his hairy cornhole and he said "TAHTS WAS TGE NOST PLEASURABLE EXPEIRNCE SINCE I JERKED OFF TO LESBIAN CP ON 4SHIN and then my DAD waljked in and went "HELOLO" folowed by "come on csgo u ing bender" so i did and now ive been playing since i opned it the blodclots in my legs gavnt killed me yet becausr the diabetes from all the mountain dew (r) game fuel (tm) (r) automatically ampuklated them and my amrs have been replcaed by 2 litre bottles of mountain d3w
game-hours: 1141.7
review: iz gud
game-hours: 690.5
review: One of the best games I have played. This is one of the first games I have played on my PC, ever since I joined Steam. There are so many things to do to pass time in the game, such as Surfing. Competitive is one my favorite things about the game, it allows for team communication and co-ordination. Also, opening cases have been the death of me, I have opened at least 50 of cases and nothing good, but that wont't stop me from opening them and getting the infamous Butterfly Knife. This game helped me get better at PC games as I was a COD player on console. This game will never get old, and I'll never stop playing it. On the other hand, it does have problems in the community such as Smurfs and hackers, but hopefully, they will try and remove this to keep the game fair. Furthermore, this is the most played game I have on my Library. I would definitely recommend this to anyone whether they are good at FPS or starting on PC games. This game gets 10/10 on my book.
game-hours: 622.1
review: I really do have a love hate relationship with this game. withthe right people it can be amazing fun. Gameplay is great and easy to pickup but will take some time to master. I recoomend this to anyone interested in a tactical fps.
game-hours: 594.8
review: Incrivel no tem como se arrepender de comprar esse jogo. compre sem medo
game-hours: 759.4
review: Global Elites = Five dollar inventories. Average Players = 100 dollar inventories. Silver 1s = 1,000 dollar inventories.
game-hours: 274.8
review: ocuklugumun oyunu almakla ge kalmm. onca sene bedava oynadk bu oyunu almanz tavsiye ederim
game-hours: 119.1
review: FOR THOSE WHO HAVENT PLAYED THIS, AN AMAZING QUOTE FOR U "If you have'nt played cs go yet, your a dog with no life". - me
game-hours: 570.9
review: Highly entertaining game! cool graphics and huge improvements from CS:Source... 9/10
game-hours: 734.5
review: Russians need to stop playing games. EVERY Russian In CSGO Is either Toxic or a griefer. Still love this game tho. <3
game-hours: 248.6
review: For all the long-time players and fans of Counter-Strike, the newest installment of Global Offensive will surely put your joy meter soaring up to the sky. Generally speaking, Global Offensive (CSGO) manages to implement tournament-like gameplay than previous Counter-Strike series. In it, Valve combining live matches features, so we can watch tournament live streaming; the other features is major updates from previous gamemodes, where now we have multiple sets of tourney-like rules in a map, which inline with the - on my opinion - way Valve want this game to be : as an e-sports game. "Before we go further, I would like to talk about Valve wants to bring CSGO as "e-sports qualified game", which in my opinion, are becoming like Dota 2 which massively supported by Steam to generate revenue via tournaments that they really put a big budget on it. As example is how Dota 2 has "The International", annual prime Dota 2 e-sports competition. By that, if you are CS fans in particular or FPS lover in general that wishes to play a game that might gets you onto a tournament, this is it. Intergrated match streaming, community geared towards tournament, mode rules to cater for competitive play and sportsmanship, player stats to track your progress, all in all to support the Valve and Steam goal to - once again, my opinion - put forth CSGO as sweet candy to collect professional team and put them into tournament (to get them more money, of course :) But hey, thats on positive word :) Besides, those who join the tourney does gets their gaming career even more further than before). Alright, now you know how ambitious Steam and Valve is to make CSGO an e-sports game and setting their own e-sports event, but paragraph below will talk about the CORE of why CSGO differs (or maybe not) from previous installment. So, take the tourney world and put it somewhere first, I'm not gonna review that further." On to the top of the ocean, CSGO does have increment over its previous series, especially the engine they uses. I'm not really expert at it, but it does makes the game more or no less better than CS:Source. Of course, that means new maps, overhauled old famous maps for newer engine, some new weapons and equipments (but also removing certain old weapons that's been present on previous CS series), kinda-new gameplay mechanics, new features like supported by Steam Market which you can buy and sell weapon skins, new "training" mode to play all available game modes in CSGO, achievements expanded, inventory system tied with the Steam Market to uses and keep your weapon skins, and more. Now, to talk deeper about the relations of Steam Market, in CSGO we can get drop loots at the end of the round, which could be a weapon or a case (you need key to unlock it) and you could sell it via Steam inventory to gain Steam Wallet money. Then newer this and newer that, it's just that CSGO is newer and improved. Sounds like a good next-gen CS game, eh? Because it is. Now, because they uses newer engine than CSS, it obviously has certain differences from CSS gameplay. One example is how the recoil works and player movement. It's now different, unlike CSS. Does it bad? Well, for me, I don't find anything bad about it, but on normal game I couldn't find any difference of it. Now, if you play on modded server like playing surf game, you will feel it different. Same with the weapon's recoil and it's relation with player movement. For the recoil, it's now more like a modern shooters, which more realistic than CSS recoil. Also, for the AUG and SSG552, we can aiming down the sight rather than simply "zoomed in", and it has more crosshair sway if you move your character. It makes it harder to land headshots, but its more easier to score body hit. Not saying that doing headshot is impossible, only harder to be compared to CSS and CS1.6. On the environment, it has more interactivity with ingame props and things. For novelty purposes, it's nice. like now the chickens are life-like, you can chase them around, and by that if you play normal game and spot a chicken running away from behind that wall, you know there's something fishy behind it :) All in all, CSGO is a nice to have if you love CS series, and more if you are looking for it's competitive play. But again, CSS is still fun to play, offers more flexibility on mods or custom skins, custom maps to play, and more. Both has it's own strong point, in which CSS still geared towards basic FPS, if you looking for FPS gameplay - or towards fun play, if you play on modded server while CSGO are geared towards competitive play, with little to custom mod your skins and things like that, and supported with multitudes of competitive-ness features. Both are good at different points, and by that I can recommended it for you guys. +1 for the game! *Of course, it's spec requirements also higher than CSS :) Don't worry, if your PC could handle CSS, it could handle CSGO. Don't worry about it. --- Edited for typo... plenty of them =_=
game-hours: 273.9
review: game game game
game-hours: 138.8
review: Good players and hackers
game-hours: 335.4
review: Awesome game.
game-hours: 822.1
review: AMAZING GAME WAY BETTER THAN COD!
game-hours: 724.8
review: Counter strike is deffinetly one of those games where you can sit down and be competitive in. Although the communty is extremely competitve, it's still extremely fun to mess around in with your friends
game-hours: 484.3
review: GOOD
game-hours: 58.3
review: shot chickens learned how many children slept with my mother asked to perform things that are not humanly possible to my own body got 7 day cooldowns for my teamates running into my fire on purpose 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 896.7
review: ez skins ez life
game-hours: 83.4
review: Easiest way to learn slavic languages (especially russian). Also you can buy & sell crap for money. 5/5 Cuban cigars. HIGHLY RECOMMEND
game-hours: 65.6
review: Keep calm and blame the lag 10/10 would rage again
game-hours: 679.7
review: Counter Strike: Global Offensive is not a game for the faint of heart. You either make your way through the ranks quick enough, or you run the chance of risking your life. Let me elaborate: The community of this game is renowned to be one of the worst, they would indefinitely skin your entire family if you showed any notion of being a 'noob'. You could also become too engrossed with the diversity of the game, and have your skin mould to your chair. As you can probably imagine, this could cause severe skin problems, and you can die. Finally, in a similar situation, you could once again become quite attached to Counter Strike, and fail to notice that you're dying of starvation, and/or thirst. In a nutshell this game is very dangerous to everyone with 11.99 in their wallets, and I highly recommend you invest quite a lot of your time figuring out if this game is for you.
game-hours: 401.6
review: REALLLLYYYYYYYYYYYY GREAT GAME :D
game-hours: 38.5
review: good game
game-hours: 1057.2
review: q buen juego!
game-hours: 871.0
review: Highly recommend CS:GO! My favorite game so far.
game-hours: 647.2
review: Really awesome game, waiting for the new Operation :)
game-hours: 423.9
review: I like this game. The squeakers that are like, "OMG GUYS PLZ" are so much fun to play with -10/10 It was OK -IGN
game-hours: 114.9
review: Brilliant old-school shooter has convinced us that Counter-Strike franchise is in no way to be retired or forgotten.
game-hours: 625.9
review: This game is the best and the worst at the same time...
game-hours: 50.4
review: Since Pokemon captured the heart and soul of literally every child in the world back in the mid 90s, games developers seem to have had only one question on their minds: How do we copy that? Games in which players evolve and/or battle collectible monsters have become ubiquitous in casual gaming, to the point where youre seen as well behind the curve (a dinosaur, if youll pardon the expression) if you have a monster game in which the beasts dont change form. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is not the first to attempt to crack the PokeCode, and it surely wont be the last. But does it have what it takes to be the very best?
game-hours: 1164.5
review: good game
game-hours: 217.1
review: It honestly suprised me how attaching and addictive the game can get! I mean, I'm more of a battlefield shooter player, but csgo and its wierdly simple mechanics make it a really nice game to play! Besides all the rage of getting bullcrap deaths it's quite an overall exciting and exhilarating experience! TracGod's Meta Score - 80/100
game-hours: 872.6
review: I hate this game. Then I play again.
game-hours: 329.0
review: Great Game and very fun.
game-hours: 657.2
review: Nice game
game-hours: 1173.8
review: Good fun. Spent far too long on it... One of my all time favourite games. Easy to get into for beginners, with more polish and more forgiving gamemodes than previous titles in the series. And of course, the competitive scene is vast and has great depth. Pulling off headshots and winning the round is amazing.
game-hours: 769.1
review: I'ts a really good game. 10/10 rating ^_O
game-hours: 208.6
review: A pretty good game if you are low on cash, and really want to experience the real ways of Russian life Thanks to European matchmaking, I will never have to leave my door again to experience Slavic cultures 8/10 - blyat
game-hours: 702.0
review: Awesome
game-hours: 836.1
review: This is a MUST HAVE for any PC gamer. CS has come along way since 1.6 and if that is a good or bad thing is for you to decide, but it doesn't change the fact that this game is great.
game-hours: 554.2
review: good game. awful community
game-hours: 730.3
review: This game is alright.
game-hours: 251.3
review: In this thrilling sequel to such classics as Call of Duty: Modern Warfare and Borderlands: The Pre Sequel, a young squad of 19th Century American Cavalryman is pitted in an epic struggle for survival against the forces of Nazi Occupied Europe. Captain Alfred Hitchcock is tasked with leading his men to battle against an lifeless horde of undead chicken aliens from the future. I highly reccomend the campaign, but profess that the original Book has some qualities the game obviously and tragically lacks. 7/10 would belly flop again
game-hours: 1519.2
review: love it
game-hours: 1110.6
review: Counter strike is an awesome game. I like it because no one can pay to win. You can only buy camos which look Amazing! This game is the best $15 I have spent!
game-hours: 1772.6
review: best game
game-hours: 128.5
review: This game is amazing. Its hard to describe the feeling when you know that your oppenent can show up behind you, and you better hope to Gof that your teammates are covering your back. And you should cover there back, for Global Offensive is the penultimate team FPS, which will keep you coming back to its tight-shooting and rewarding game modes. And if you're tired of the uber-competive classic mode (or you're just ticked off at the long waits between matches), then you can play Dominion or Arms Race, slighlty less exhilharating game modes that give you a bit more space to breath. All game modes are great, and make the game a must-have on your Steam library.
game-hours: 203.9
review: Note: This review contains a lot of butthurt. This game is actually very good. The community has nice people in it, but there is still a portion of terrible people. People ask me why I can't get ranked. The answer is simple. I get placed with teammates that troll and teamkill. Recently I played a comp game, and this is the first thing I heard: "Oh my god guys, is this League of Legends?" In a high pitched,  voice. At first, I found this funny, What happened next was not. First Eight Rounds in a Nutshell: - My teammates call me a little  for telling them where everyone is i.e "They are at Cat!" - My teammates start to kill each other. - 1 teammate leaves. - The other team is having a blast killing my teammates who are not even trying. - I get teamkilled several times. The next Eight Rounds: - Another teammate leaves, not before killing me however. - Another teammate starts to troll by throwing weapons in the air, running around with knife looking at sky. After the First Half: - Another teammate kills me. He leaves shortly after. - Another teammate kills me. He leaves. I am left all alone. - I ask the other team to just knife fight me. It doesn't go so well. - My team, I mean me (cause I was the only one on my team now) loses. Why do I still recommed this game? Well, except for the  people like them, it actually is quite a good game. However, you really need to play with friends. If you play alone, all the other people you play with will be . Thats the reason they were alone, they can't get any friends because they are mentally ill/ just stupid. This is only in Competitive however. Casual is quite nice because no one takes it seriously (including myself) so most of the time you actually get nice people who are just enjoying the game. I would recommend this game if you don't want to play Competitive, cause its just a  of stupid asshats who think they are cool for  over some persons day.
game-hours: 1451.9
review: Honostly CSGO, was the first game i've ever had in steam and i tend to keep it that way. Counter strike isnt just about "shooting people and winning" its more to it. Counter strike is a game where you can work as a team to take out the enemy oponents with challanging tasks. I know atleast one person would be reading this and if you are, go ahead and buy csgo.
game-hours: 850.0
review: de_dust2 simulator
game-hours: 2178.7
review: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is the epitome of a fantastic and challenging skill-based shooter. You will absolutely hate this game if you suck at it unless you just like to  around in casual mode. If you can get past the scumbag community and find a group of friends that are skilled, yet fun to hang around with, you will love playing this game. I play with a team of a higher caliber and I never get bored of playing with them. I have 2k hours so far, and those hours will continue to increase until a possible new installment comes into fruition. If you want to challenge yourself with a game that you can take a bit more seriously than your average competitive FPS game, Buy. This. Game. You may or may not like it, but if you like it, you will become addicted quickly, and Gaben will steal all of your money that you waste on cases and skins. I speak from experience. This game is brilliant in my eyes. There aren't any other competitive FPS's out there that can rival this one when it comes to a perfect balance of skill and fun all in one. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a poetic masterpiece. I would recommend this game to anyone who has a mouse and keyboard. The console port sucks. Don't buy it. Alright, Cray signing off.
game-hours: 687.3
review: In this awesme game you get to meet all the russians who aren't busy playing dota 2, so I suggest you go learn the language
game-hours: 596.7
review: very enjoyable game!! worth buying!!! very intence!!! those are just some of the words used to describe this game and they are very true
game-hours: 453.3
review: I like the chicken feature 0/10
game-hours: 1137.8
review: Kanter to dobra gierka.Polecam,pogromca plackuf iksdededededededededede 2/10.
game-hours: 227.1
review: Won 2 Competitive games in row and got deranked. 10/10 "it's okay" -IGN
game-hours: 613.6
review: Despite at first being thrown by the limited use of aim down sights, i suddenly just got hit with how complex and fantastic this game is, if you are coming to play this, you have to try competetive. Casual seems unbalanced, especially on certain maps (never go T on nuke for crying out loud), but competetive is so crisp and gameplay in comp works well, buy this game, download this game, don't stop playing this game for the first 200 hours, and keep coming back. Just some steps to get the best experience from this, the price tag is so low, why shouldn't you buy this?
game-hours: 950.6
review: this game is OP!
game-hours: 992.2
review: Counter-Strike: Don't Play MM good game besides matchmaking play esea git gud git team win leagues buy knives be cool play 5k hours play the next counter-strike go pro git paid to play game ez life
game-hours: 279.2
review: want fair games with no cheaters? forget about it. 10/10
game-hours: 1340.8
review: veri gud
game-hours: 32.0
review: Timeless !! You dont need new hardware all the time to play games that are fun :)
game-hours: 434.0
review: i love play this game, an awesome game
game-hours: 635.3
review: Good game: Grafhic Weppon skins and knifes More opthions for browes comunitiy servers and ofcourse the competetive - very fun mode, play with friends in your skill (my skiil is low so I know how it fill ;-) and cool maps. hope u play it soon )))
game-hours: 755.2
review: This game is awful.
game-hours: 524.9
review: EZ SKINZ EZ LIFE
game-hours: 953.1
review: 5/5
game-hours: 602.6
review: Best FPS game ever!
game-hours: 340.7
review: good game
game-hours: 247.1
review: 10/10
game-hours: 244.9
review: I totally recommend this :)
game-hours: 190.0
review: .
game-hours: 109.7
review: ez skinz ez life
game-hours: 791.8
review: Fun and Challenging
game-hours: 260.9
review: This game is addictive af better then cod 10/10
game-hours: 323.5
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 1823.4
review: nice game, better than source in dynamics, better than 1.6 in physics and graphics. took all the best from these 2 games and mix them together, you will get GO
game-hours: 293.6
review: Got reported for hacking because i had 60 kills and 40 deaths 420/21 would get reported again.
game-hours: 1088.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 805.7
review: Like GMod with guns. 420/420.
game-hours: 424.4
review: It took my money and gave me a red and black assult rifle.
game-hours: 842.7
review: It's an amazing game. You can run it on basically any pc. It's simple, yet complex. and it's extremely fun. I recommend this game to any fan of half life or anyFPS game.
game-hours: 205.8
review: Best FPS Game of the all years! Tips: Don't buy a case and a key. You will not stop opening. You will keep Opening and get .
game-hours: 312.7
review: I did this for an achievment
game-hours: 863.6
review: this game is amazing and very addicting
game-hours: 274.3
review: its fun
game-hours: 1076.0
review: 123
game-hours: 534.6
review: 10/10 420 mlg skillz truuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuly epoch
game-hours: 422.7
review: Very Addicting :D
game-hours: 889.4
review: i hate this game :(
game-hours: 659.8
review: don't play this game please if i were you go to school and learn and find a job. 5^2/10. PS: don't trust the smurfs.
game-hours: 417.7
review: Good game, still can't figure out how to aim majority of the guns though.
game-hours: 851.7
review: This game is like crack. It's so good.
game-hours: 792.2
review: russian hate simulator 2015
game-hours: 1171.7
review: good game 9 out of 11 - IGN
game-hours: 1423.5
review: To this day the CS series remains the most suitable for competitive play. Quick aim, map knowledge, smart grenades, good tactics and mindgames is what you need to be successful. Highly recommended
game-hours: 91.4
review: A fun game, however it is the most fun playing with friends. Two of you running around with Negevs or holding down a hostage together is great, something rarely achieved when playing in public games.
game-hours: 165.5
review: ing mint  10/10
game-hours: 359.9
review: Used the Swag-7 and aced it. Got called a hacker. 10/10 would swag again!
game-hours: 429.8
review: Brilliant Game, I have played Counter Strike for many months now and all i can say is it is truely amazing. You can have endless fun playing both tactically in competitive matches, or for some general fun and "banter" in casual, deathmatch or arms race. Would Thoroughly recomend the purchase of Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
game-hours: 232.5
review: Dis gaem so jucy ie dont blivit
game-hours: 167.2
review: I was called a  for using the PP-Bizon. 11/10 IGN it's meh
game-hours: 139.7
review: Knives are more valuable than guns :) ________________ ../_==o;;;;;;;;______[]__| ..), -.(_(__) / .// (..) ),  //___// ..//___//
game-hours: 1387.0
review: really fun :D
game-hours: 597.2
review: It's ok.
game-hours: 1862.0
review: gggggggggggggg
game-hours: 1446.9
review: Fantastic, after fixing the scrash all by myself i can safely say that this is the best game i've ever played.
game-hours: 197.1
review: One of the best FPS game i've ever played
game-hours: 333.8
review: Best online game in the past few years, hands down.
game-hours: 27.4
review: GG
game-hours: 157.7
review: Shooting chickens has never been so fun.
game-hours: 546.0
review: This game is awesome! and it will take all of your $$$$$$
game-hours: 502.3
review: Awesome game,
game-hours: 107.5
review: Yeah, nice game ;)
game-hours: 360.6
review: lolwhat
game-hours: 328.6
review: Action packed , Intense gameplay! Me Likey! I've bought CSGO on release date and played it. It was ok. About 2 years later i started to play it again as i was getting bored. I wish i didn't quit for 2 years as it was beginning to feel like real life (Except for the weird ragdoll physics) If you are thinking of buying this game , you should! Its filled with action, intense gameplay , gunplay and swearing russians. And dont forget. Call of Duty kids that try to 360 noscope I would give it a 9.5/10 ~Blitzy
game-hours: 871.6
review: 10/10 made me racist
game-hours: 181.3
review: I love dis game i wish i have it !
game-hours: 447.1
review: addictive :D
game-hours: 192.0
review: best way to learn russian is by playing this game.
game-hours: 165.3
review: hour one>cool game dont know why people say bad community tho third hour>ok,i got cussed out once fith hour>i got kicked for missing a single shot tenth hour>I HATE YOU ALL, THIS GAME SUCKS.I QUIT I HATE YOU ALL!!!!!!!!!!!! 10/10 would hate again
game-hours: 265.2
review: fuken gret gem, would play er day 10/8
game-hours: 777.5
review: Bought this game, now i speak fluent russian. " blyut"
game-hours: 1555.3
review: how the f*k do you aim down sights
game-hours: 397.0
review: best game eva 94/100
game-hours: 923.3
review: lol
game-hours: 360.7
review: I love this game. Very entertaining. I'll play for hours at a time. Its such a great game I highly reccomend this!
game-hours: 236.8
review: Better than COD
game-hours: 15.4
review: DO NOT RECOMMEND. Item drop stuff is lame.
game-hours: 261.1
review: Game is so fun and I cant stop playing but I ing hate this  man.
game-hours: 841.5
review: Totally skill based shooter, the only thing that is OP is teamwork, skill, and positioning.
game-hours: 569.1
review: Really enjoy playing this game with friends.
game-hours: 199.2
review: The FPS everybody who played call of duty wanted.
game-hours: 504.5
review: Nice game to learn russian and meet kids. 10/10
game-hours: 491.2
review: really nice and fun game
game-hours: 1347.3
review: Good game buy it.
game-hours: 242.7
review: Muito bom!!
game-hours: 913.1
review: Awesome game! Not having played 1.6, but a bit of Source (mostly casually and messing around with friends), I think I can still safely say, the game has retained what made the earlier titles so fun and addictive (playing CS:GO 'till 5:30 in the morning, yay ... good for your marks :D (at least it was on a Saturday, haha)), and it has a nie skill curve which most games don't have, unfortunately. I basically started playing FPS games with BF3, and I got more hours into it. If you are new to CS and the maps, you will get totally owned at first. But don't worry! Play Deathmatch and some Classic Casual, and it gets better as you play! Don't forget to play Competitive, too, though, as it is way more fun, and the Matchmaking system allows for a semi-fair approach for newer players. (except being matched with complete  "every once in a while", the *Leroy Jenkins* type of ppl that run into B on dust2 as the first guy ... with the bomb ... and get shot ..) Overall, the game allows for loads of fun though ad interested in playing it more seriously, you should easily get a few thousand hours into it! 250 hours for me, and not planning on stopping anytime soon :)
game-hours: 705.2
review: REALLY GOOD GAME. I JUST DONT LIKE GETTING BANNED
game-hours: 1329.3
review: J,j, csak ebbe se lenne ennyi csal... :)
game-hours: 1934.8
review: The only downside of this game is the amount of hackers in the mid-higher level play of the competitive ladder. Other than that, this is the most fun I have had playing a Counter-Strike since the early 1.6 days. If you love Counter-Strike, I would recommend jumping into this one.
game-hours: 117.9
review: 10/10 ign
game-hours: 10.6
review: I keep dying 10/10
game-hours: 743.2
review: silver is over powered pls nerf needs more game fuel 10/10 - ign
game-hours: 261.7
review: People don't care if you are good in this game, they just care if you manage to get a 1000 dollar knife.
game-hours: 2030.6
review: top
game-hours: 1052.8
review: If you have the money to buy weapon skins, you will dodge bullets.
game-hours: 1065.8
review: Love the game. Completely one of the most involved team required competitive games ive ever played. Im going to have to stop playing soon. The kicking is stupid. People ask me to kick them because they have to leave and I vote to kick and I got a 7 Day ban from competitive play. That is . That makes me very mad because i'm doing what my friends/people ask and I get a ban and it is stupid. 1 Day ban for leaving a Competitive match I Completely understand. Voting to kick somebody and getting banned for 1 week is outrageous. This needs to be solved. Many of my friends have quit playing due to this reason. Im nearing that stage. Please Fix this.
game-hours: 1184.0
review: The ranking system hates me.
game-hours: 318.1
review: Great with a team of friends. Just don't solo queue unless you want to lose brain cells by getting matched up with toxic players and people who go 0-16 because they don't know what the word 'communication' means.
game-hours: 705.5
review: Much Good.
game-hours: 173.1
review: Best game EVER
game-hours: 257.4
review: As CS 1.6 player, I got used to this game aswell, 9.5/10 (Also knows as weapon simulator for Gabe Newell)
game-hours: 557.2
review: I would cut my balls for this game.
game-hours: 120.9
review: Well, i need a new mouse :3
game-hours: 21.6
review: Amazing first person shooter with Battlefield 3-like graphics! amazing effects like never before seen Muzzle smoke and cool muzzle flashes! this is one of the most funnest fps' ive ever played!
game-hours: 2145.5
review: I love all of the Counter Strikes, they all have their special gamemodes one of which I really love. Competitive is my fav for CS:GO and for CSS I just go on a cs_assualt server instead of minigames. There is a great map for Comp, named, "Dust II" which most people played because its a really thought out map, its good map for beginners and also good for people with skill. If your gonna buy this game your gonna want to have to save money for skins as your gonna be trading and buying them.
game-hours: 264.5
review: This game is amazing! Comparing this to older CS's , it is a great improvement. Just awesome.
game-hours: 136.1
review: I recommend you this game cause it has good mode and etc, better than cs source and cs 1.6, more realistic more cool, more hard & hard-core killers :D, BUY THE GAME IF YOU LIKE IT!
game-hours: 1279.5
review: Very good game, Valve (most of the time) listens to the community and takes appropriate action to resolve issues or add new content. That's a big thing in my opinion.
game-hours: 623.4
review: Sneaky beaky like. 10/10
game-hours: 212.0
review: 11/10, best headshot,corner simulator! This is like God's game, he expects you to pray as you spray bullets at an enemy and hope for a random nonlogically possible headshot! Best game 2034, would fap til your  is sore...
game-hours: 1650.3
review: fun game.. buy it
game-hours: 116.1
review: 11/10 blaze it
game-hours: 492.6
review: knife gay sex party 69/69
game-hours: 289.9
review: Very Very Good Game!
game-hours: 1788.8
review: Hmmmm, how can I sum this game up. Well, if you're thinking of buying the next Call of Duty, I would think it again. Whats gonna last you more, a effortless piece of amphibian sh*t or a true, fast-paced shooter that had YEARS of effort put into it. I present to you, Counter Strike: Global Offensive. People say the reviewers that put the most hours into a game are the best. Thats simply not true. I put not too much time into this mostly because of other things but I can tell you about my experience with the game. First, the servers are a piece of cake to get into. I took a stopwatch to it and it took literally 3 seconds to find a server. And if your worrying about hacking, dont worry. So far, I have seen no hackers. The community is great. Their are a few people who will hate you, and some ragers, but if you happen to find a 12 year old playing, there not so annoying. I would like to finish off saying this is the most competitive shooter Ive seen in years.
game-hours: 819.0
review: Its good (:
game-hours: 1596.0
review: Started up the game played for 1300 hours didnt want to kill myself that much, without the screaming little 6 year olds like COD would give this a 10/10
game-hours: 473.2
review: nice
game-hours: 243.4
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 543.3
review: Knifes on CSGO cost more than real life knifes
game-hours: 878.7
review: a rose
game-hours: 737.4
review: It is an awesome game but you can easily get banned on comp so you really have to be careful about that. If you are a new player start with casual and move your way up to comp, this is not like every other FPS this game you have to study the recoil and make good habits with your mouse if you want to spray. If you chose not to spray you can always single click for powerful damage. Overall this is a pretty fun and awesome game and i would sugest it for people and their friends if they really want a fun FPS.
game-hours: 432.8
review: Good!
game-hours: 83.4
review: rely good game yes
game-hours: 718.4
review: It's still the best fps-game around ;)
game-hours: 55.3
review: Same classic gameplay. Way better visually.
game-hours: 666.5
review: This is a very good, very unique type of first person shooter. Unlike any of its kind with the very competitive style.
game-hours: 742.7
review: Great game ;D Totally would recommend!
game-hours: 741.4
review: Great game would rate 8/8
game-hours: 494.8
review: Buy an expensive knife,buy some StatTrek guns,kill some chickens,get killed by someone,repeat. 10/10 Counter Strike : Global Chickens
game-hours: 28.0
review: gg
game-hours: 669.3
review: Bang bang. Shoot bad men, and do stuff.
game-hours: 274.6
review: Volvo patch adad strafing.
game-hours: 380.9
review: i love the game but i lost connection because of a storm and it gave me a 7 day ban  you gabbon
game-hours: 14.2
review: Simple. This game worth the price :)
game-hours: 1308.8
review: 4.5/670 would play again
game-hours: 416.2
review: Good game but hard to rank up. I am in silver 1 and for some reason none of my quickscopes hit. The registration is BS. If there is a fix someone tell me pls -_- k thnx
game-hours: 920.8
review: If you have friends, this is a great game to play with them. If you don't have any friends, this is a great game to play alone. If you don't have the game to play, get money for it. If you don't have the money for it, get a job. If you don't have a job, rob a bank. If you get arrested robbing the bank, at least you tried. Aiming is more dynamic so it makes the gameplay more addictive and on a professional level.. Buy only if you are not short tempered.. xD
game-hours: 1141.1
review: Awesome Game :)
game-hours: 18.0
review: ya take the good and u take tha bad u take em all n there ya havee.. this gaem
game-hours: 2530.7
review: Best FPS game on steam.
game-hours: 902.9
review: 10/10
game-hours: 451.2
review: Interesant joc
game-hours: 892.5
review: It a relly good fps game i like it alot so buy it is worth it:)
game-hours: 80.9
review: ye a nuam
game-hours: 350.7
review: This is the most amazing first person shooter game I have ever played c:
game-hours: 2304.1
review: Awesome Game. Awesome Graphics. Best Multiplayer FPS Game.
game-hours: 929.3
review: At the moment my favourite game. The only bad thing is Matchmaking and some bans like "You kicked many people". I really hate this cooldown but it's still the best game ever. 10/10.
game-hours: 416.6
review: You need to be Russian to play this game. 11/10
game-hours: 197.7
review: I used to play call of duty. I wasted my time on that game, I haven't on this
game-hours: 927.1
review: the best game i have ever played. takes skill which is why cod players dont recomend it. the skin system is very nice but very expensive. and the ranking system isnt too hot either but it is very fun and me and my friends enjoy it
game-hours: 598.2
review: Fantastic Action Game !
game-hours: 1104.4
review: I r8 8/8 gr8 m8, srlys this game is balling in the marijuana
game-hours: 327.3
review: omg so good , but u have to be 20/20 vision :(
game-hours: 488.8
review: I've been playing since Counter-Strike 1.5/1.6, I skipped Counter-Strike: Source, and picked up Global Operations again. Here are my thoughts: This is a wonderful game if people are looking for an FPS to play because of its limited modes. It seems the developers were trying to broaden the gameplay to casual players who are looking for a game to pick up and play and the dedicated players who constantly play to improve. The new modes are: Deathmatch, Gun Game, Demolition, Casual, and Competitive. These modes help players ease into the game with Competitive being an option for more advanced players to partake in. The different modes add a little bit of variety to the game play and can teach players how to control their weapons, positioning, and other mechanics of the game. For me, what makes this game so appealing is the Competitive play. While many serious players go to ESEA or CEVO (gaming leagues) to compete in. The match making in CS:GO isn't bad. It provides a great platform to transition players into competitive play at one of these leagues. The only downside is that the Competitive matches don't have the same settings as the one ESEA or CEVO uses. Last bit of advice for new and veteran players alike, the skill groups in the game do not dictate much. CS:GO was always a team based game and will remain that way even though some of the skilled players can sweep a match up by themselves. In my experience playing CS, I've always found the team that works together will always win even if there's a bit of a skill gap. It's one thing to be outclassed, but its another thing to lose because you were bickering with your teammates.
game-hours: 393.3
review: Just like CoD :D
game-hours: 219.5
review: Great version of the 2000s original.
game-hours: 1680.7
review: Yeah pretty good game.
game-hours: 976.4
review: At last...i was bored of 1.6
game-hours: 349.9
review: This game is if not the greatest, the best FPS Shooter in history. It's been going for some time and has the most intense and rewarding competive system there is. The only Real Money purchases is Texture Remakes (Skins) for all the guns in the game. This gives no advantage to the user at all, it just creates a badass feel and look to the guns. Overall, this game is the best that ever happend to gamers life. That is all.
game-hours: 1153.2
review: Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars is one of the most acclaimed games to have ever worn Mario's name. An adventure/role-playing title, it was the innovative result of a corporate collaboration -- Nintendo lent its main mascot and his Mushroom Kingdom world to Squaresoft, most known at the time for SNES RPGs like Final Fantasy III and Chrono Trigger, and the company did a remarkable job at expanding the hero's hop-and-bop platforming gameplay into a fully-realized role-playing experience. Though many fans in the mid-'90s were skeptical that it could happen, Mario made the transition to the RPG genre in excellent form. The story begins as any other Mario game, with the Princess getting kidnapped by Bowser and our mustachioed hero heading off in hot pursuit. Things quickly take an unexpected twist, though, when Mario's rescue attempt is defeated by the arrival of another, different villain -- an enormous talking sword that plunges itself into the middle of King Koopa's castle. The weapon, which towers above the top of the fortress and creates the game's central set piece, declares that the Smithy Gang has taken control of the land and there's nothing that any red-capped plumber can do about it. Yeah, sure.
game-hours: 661.1
review: This game is... well i want to say really good but it does not deserve too much praise. The gameplay is really good but it is REALLY hard for ex CoD or BF players to get into. Other bad things about the game are the servers are a bit unstable (rarely tough) and hackers. Hackers are by far in my opinion the worst problem in this game but they are cut down (or thats what ive heard). But i do actually recommend this game because if you can learn the basics get some friends to play with you it will be alot of fun and im talking about my own experience. Long story short i do recommend this game for fps gamers (and all other gamers too) who are looking for a challange.
game-hours: 0.2
review: Excuse me Valve, I've been playing this game when the mod first came out with HL. I loved it so much. I"ve been hoping to save the money for this game, but recently.... I moved and was conned out of a lot of money and posessions. I'm working two jobs, just to stay a float. I was going to buy myself a game finally, but I really can't afford it. I know it's cheap to some of you, but I was homeless for awhile, and I struggle with a mental disorder. I'm finally in a stable enviroment. My new job I got is helping me out to make barely even. Is there any way I could get this game discounted or possiby free? Please? Whatever happened to that snow level with the tank cars. Do you all remember that. I remember playing on dial up and lagging and sucking, till I learned to compensate. Bleieve it or not College students in dorms had the fastests connections. No one really knew about online gaming back then. The internet wasn't bogged down with facebook and youtube idiots. I've been with you since the beginning. I still have the game boxes. HL HL2 the expansions then I bought a CS too and have that box. I'm just in need of some serious stress relief. I can make a trade or do soemthing for you guys if you do. Just please help one of your biggest fans out. I'm typing on my gf's laptop. My gaming rig is her laptops new chair. Please help me gain one of my biggest stress releivers. I need to shoot people in the face.
game-hours: 75.2
review: Best FPS game! Require skills and strategy! Highly recommended! :)
game-hours: 883.7
review: Best FPS Shooter Game! Been Around for Years and Never Lost its TOUCH, Great Graphics and Awesome Virtual Skins. I Really Recommend this Game to the Gamers that are Competitive and good with Teams!
game-hours: 816.6
review: Sick game
game-hours: 229.8
review: Virtual Knives expensive than real Knives 10/10
game-hours: 835.0
review: Good game
game-hours: 284.6
review: Sem duvida foi um dos melhores e mais famosos FPS online de todos os tempos, o novo Global Offensive faz jus a srie e inovando com modos diferentes de jogo, um grfico bom e um som timo, a jogabilidade ento, nem se fala. Ficou a cima da minha expectativa! O nico ponto fraco fica por conta do servidor, que as vezes fica um pouco cheio impossibilitando que voc entre com seus amigos em uma partida ou lagando na hora do jogo. Fora isso o jogo  timo! Recomendadissimo!
game-hours: 838.3
review: I have never spent over $300 dollars in a game and hated it so much. 10/10
game-hours: 781.9
review: Would I recommend CS;GO? Depends. Obviously it's a very well known title that almost everyone knows, but its a very competitive game and I wouldn't recommend it to someone who likes more casual games. But, however, there's still a lot of quirky game modes like jail escape and surfing, but then again some other valve games (TF2 for one, which is free) have some of those already. If you are a guy who likes a challenge and wants a competitive skill based game, I would really recommend CS:GO. It's got a lot of replay ability especially if you've got some friends to play with.
game-hours: 731.0
review: gr8 m8 i r8 8/8
game-hours: 1779.3
review: cool :P
game-hours: 1675.9
review: Very NICE GAME!
game-hours: 510.6
review: Like COD, but not .
game-hours: 175.1
review: you can have colourful guns 10/10
game-hours: 669.6
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 162.4
review: Best Game Ever!
game-hours: 1812.8
review: Realy Nice Game
game-hours: 263.9
review: Amazing game, lots of fun. But i don't like the 64 tick on most servers tho.
game-hours: 742.8
review: 2/10 my fav game it destroys your life
game-hours: 159.8
review: By far the best team-based FPS on Steam. Very competitive, offers loads of additional content at low cost, lots of gamemodes and maps, and a great sense of community. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 2003.2
review: <3
game-hours: 350.7
review: Excellent FPS Best CS Love it! all round 10/10
game-hours: 187.3
review: After playing this for a couple of hours, I came to the conclusion that this game will suck the life out of you. I, being a Silver I since forever, still strive to become a better player. Even when 9 out of 10 times my teammates refuse/are unable to speak English. So basically, buy this game. Support GabeN by wasting your allowance on keys to get  skins and sell them for 1/10th of the key price. Such is life in CS:GO. 9/10 11/10 with rice
game-hours: 330.1
review: Everything you've been taught is based on theories and logic. Soon, you'll come to realize how pointless they are.
game-hours: 524.7
review: GREAT GAME! this is must but for all that love fps games
game-hours: 394.3
review: .
game-hours: 1893.6
review: 5/5
game-hours: 1676.7
review: Very crosshair game, skill and tactical gameplay. I reccomend it.
game-hours: 1198.3
review: very nice game
game-hours: 295.5
review: Pls volvo 128 tick pls volvo better anti cheat thx
game-hours: 967.9
review: The best part of Counter Strike
game-hours: 696.7
review: best game ever !!!!
game-hours: 1532.5
review: Go is fun, actually
game-hours: 1242.6
review: best fps game... ^_^
game-hours: 684.3
review: This is a good first-person shooter game. played it sinced 1.6 came out.
game-hours: 1095.7
review: !
game-hours: 219.1
review: After 100 hours in CS:GO, I have realized how incredibly taxing this is on my heart and liver function. Due to this game is have had to have a pacemaker and 2 heart stints added. I have pondered suicide and many other unspeakable acts. For the love of all humanity do not buy this game. Do not let someone pay you for this game. What starts as just a game turns into a living nightmare of pain, suffering, ridicule and endless medical bills. On to the CS:GO community. There are many kind players in CS:GO. About 2% of the population. If you do not want to be cursed at in many languages by many different aged people, do not activate voice communication. After 2 days, you will find yourself sucked into the horrible pit that is the CS:GO community. To conclude, this game is utterly terrible in every aspect. Review 2: edited 2/16/2015: So me and my friend had this great idea. lets sell all of our skins and do a trade up contract. and then Gaben decides that we are unworthy and he rekt us. This game is utter trash. I hate it. Why Gaben? All we wanted was a Cyrex. Not your p90 trash assimov. Thanks a lot Gaben
game-hours: 71.5
review: AweSoMe
game-hours: 446.0
review: 30 min cooldown - got kicked too much for playing like  2 hour cooldown - got kicked for doing  1 day cooldown - Internet shutdown in my neighbhorhood 7 day cooldown - played like /had to walk dog. Volvo why u do this? Too much cooldown
game-hours: 102.7
review: Awesome game! One of my favorite!
game-hours: 272.3
review: Great game, I could play for hours everybody should get this game!
game-hours: 545.2
review: This game is amazing good luck with ranking up :D
game-hours: 2393.1
review: Best
game-hours: 580.0
review: not bad tried it
game-hours: 135.4
review: Excelent !
game-hours: 110.8
review: Dead, once again, but you get used to it in Counter Strike. Any longtime fan will tell you to never run through smoke and to always check your corners. Sound a little intense? It is, but appropriatly so considering that this game has million dollar tournaments and one of the most competitive communities in the world. The game only has five game modes I believe and no single player (besides offline with bots) and there are only two main online mode. Moving on however these modes have incredible replay value. I will assume that you know the basics - planting the bomb, defusing the bomb, protecting the hostages, saving the hostages...but hours upon hours you will sink into this game memorizing the maps and spray patterns and then boom headshotting people. Buy the game now, unless you have a life because this game will take it with its one more round addictiveness and a brilliant although divided Counter Strike community will guide you through your journey into terrorism and counter terrorism.
game-hours: 944.8
review: This is a really fun and competetive game where u must fight ur way through noobs to get to tha higher ranks and be good at the game... u cant just be global on a week -.-
game-hours: 293.8
review: Great game
game-hours: 352.8
review: I love chickens
game-hours: 1578.2
review: I have been playing it for half a year, and I love it :) <3
game-hours: 756.5
review: I only bought this on the last day of the Holiday Sale, thinking that I would just shelve this game and sell the cards. Boy was I wrong. From that time preiod till now, I've over 3 days worth of gametime put into this. Very recommended.
game-hours: 120.8
review: Top... 100%
game-hours: 1144.9
review: Awesome.
game-hours: 366.9
review: Counter-Strike is been always one of my favroite games and you should get it too :D
game-hours: 512.5
review: The best part was when I got enough of this  and uninstalled it
game-hours: 300.4
review: 5/5 pelaisin
game-hours: 234.5
review: awesome game. 10/10. Recommend to any fps fan.
game-hours: 175.6
review: I ed this game right in the p[ussy
game-hours: 1129.4
review: Best FPS!
game-hours: 514.6
review: Very good skill-based game. If you're ready to invest a lot of time to become the best one - game is for you. Otherwise you'll be dissapointed. Also very interesting economical part - it's not a Pay-To-Win. It's Pay-To-Be-Hated (expensive skins which are so desired by teens who can't afford them). 7/10 because of cheaters on high ranks.
game-hours: 457.2
review: CS:GO is a fantastic game that is one of the best shooters I have ever played.
game-hours: 204.3
review: Overall amazing multiplayer game!
game-hours: 1332.9
review: Best game and cause of the matchmaking option it makes the game really fun and i hope you will find it fun too:D
game-hours: 672.0
review: Nothing to say but AWSOME!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1107.9
review: Full of hackers and smurfs
game-hours: 372.1
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 86.9
review: best game eu thank you joe biden for this game give me video games now
game-hours: 2046.1
review: 10/10
game-hours: 12.2
review: Good game, though it does feel like it's just a recycled CSS in some places. Though, it is still a good one.
game-hours: 2050.9
review: Being a Huge fan of FPS games, i Personally love this game. I feel it is a really challenging game and requires time and skill unlike most FPS's being sold today :(, Now you may be offput by the lack of graphical attention but this is a FPS's game it isn't supposed to be focused around pretty art work and i find the fact that Valve notices this to be a great thing as it gives them more time to add more chickens to the map :3 (you'll soon find out what i mean by that, just check out some of the patch notes xD) 8 1/2/10
game-hours: 841.9
review: Ruining Friendship since 2012
game-hours: 901.2
review: Best rage simulator 2013/2014 10/10
game-hours: 402.8
review: :)))
game-hours: 914.4
review: good
game-hours: 302.7
review: Its really good its fu
game-hours: 980.4
review: Great Game
game-hours: 568.8
review: This game is fun.
game-hours: 219.9
review: Really fun game, but the community is disgusting. Vote kicking is horribly abused, and the ranking system is pretty awful with good players being down low and effortless people with 200 or lower hours on Nova.
game-hours: 187.6
review: spent all of my money on skins and was called hacker 10/10 valve pls fix mac bugs and respond to my strongly worded email and you get 69/10 <3
game-hours: 125.4
review: Great game.
game-hours: 694.5
review: Solid Game
game-hours: 776.0
review: I shoot bullets at a person, and they die from it. Sometimes they do not. Sometimes they shoot me. Very deep storytelling.
game-hours: 971.5
review: Great game, better than source.
game-hours: 1980.8
review: Good Game
game-hours: 451.8
review: Started from the bottom. Now all i can see in my inventory are weapon skins...weapon skins everywhere!
game-hours: 457.5
review: Amazing game
game-hours: 40.4
review: =)))
game-hours: 1157.9
review: I really enjoy this game. It might be pretty violent but i still play it. It is my favourite game bacause there is lots of different maps, my all time favourite for casual, defuse mission is nuke because it is pretty small and has good areas to hide. My favourite map in casual,hostage mission is assult, i relly like this map because it has stairs to a sniping spot and has the rooftop which is really easy to kill from there. My favourite demolition map is safehouse beacause you can hide in the closets and bathrooms. The thing that i dont really like about casual, defuse mission is that the map is mostly always Dust II and Inferno, i am not saying its a bad map but dont you guys want to try something new accept Dust II and Inferno?
game-hours: 479.1
review: good game :)
game-hours: 932.4
review: I really like this game! This game is very interesting and fun to play with friends. But u need to some serious training to play like a pro!
game-hours: 1133.2
review: super cool game
game-hours: 1259.5
review: If you have friends, this is a great game to play with them. If you don't have any friends, this is a great game to play alone. If you don't have the game to play, get the money for it. If you don't have the money for it, get a job. If you don't have a job, rob the bank. If you get arrested robbing the bank, at least you tried
game-hours: 141.3
review: Good Excellent Dumbass Experience
game-hours: 45.9
review: Very Good game with realistic graphics! Keep it Up Source and Valve!
game-hours: 1063.5
review: Awesome game, Playing since beta
game-hours: 781.3
review: Clutch it harder, plant it better Push it faster, makes us stronger More than ever hour after our game is never over
game-hours: 712.8
review: 10/10 bye life
game-hours: 337.3
review: ,    +           10\10
game-hours: 212.8
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 634.9
review: ....    ,     .     ,        .  10        ,     .      .     .     .     ,      .     100% .      .
game-hours: 290.1
review: Really fun to play with friends and a good competive and ranking system sometimes the community is a bit rude and russians are picks but all in all its pretty fun and ofcthe case unboxing ;)
game-hours: 2322.2
review: best gmae worldwide webs
game-hours: 710.3
review: gonna do this for steam xp. the best tactical shooter in world. screw CoD screw BFs love CS CS is love CS is life.
game-hours: 653.7
review: i totaly recomend this game it is litle difucult at the begining but is the best fps
game-hours: 651.4
review: Easy to learn but hard to master!
game-hours: 237.6
review: Who get's the AWP faster. That is basically what it is all about.
game-hours: 211.9
review: Racists , Racists everywhere, But I just don't care
game-hours: 1170.6
review: Hey if you like a game that shoot people in the butt one hit kill with an awp exactly. Or you like trolls that will be in ur game every single competitive match go right ahead or go against smurfs. OOOR you like a game where valve trolls u with cases when u open them and you like a game that an enemy team that cumback you so hard when rounds are 14-1 AND somehow they cumback at u 16-14. If you like a game that headshots with a sniper~awp does 99 dmg somehow in the head sometimes and u have no idea why, or your shot didn't register head EVEN THOUGH ITS POST TO BE A 1 SHOT KILL besides the hand and the legs they do less dmg so aim for chests and heads. This is also the game for you because there is so much lag that teleports people everywhere and teleports people back where they were. Also if u like this game that has annoying  that boss u around so much go ahead and play this game waste your money. If you like a game when ur crosshair is on their heads and u shoot but no headshot DAFUQ???? THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!!!!!!! BUT this is not why people play this game this a game where you play with friends,and hangout yeah its the internet people hangout with people who they don't know on the internet. ITS A GAME WHERE U WANT TO BE THE FINAL RANK GLOBAL ELITE ITS YOUR GOAL ITS YOUR DREAM!!! I KKNOW WE HAVE NO LIFE! But this game is fun, hangout with friends, kill people and masterbate i guess. Sorry about the grammar BECAUSE ITS THE INTERNET NOT SCHOOL DEAL WITH IT U F*CKEN GRAMMAR NAZIS!!!!!!
game-hours: 1496.1
review: Good game Silvers crouch Novas run and shoot. Mg's don't sneak and have no game sense. What a beautiful game.
game-hours: 331.8
review: At its core Global Offensive/Counter Strike is a brutal shooter which in its prime was probably the number one cause of broken Microsoft mouses. The emphasis on death is probably the only aspect of this series that has kept me around. It creates an atmosphere that games like Battlefield and Call of Duty cannot and with no health regeneration, each encounter with each enemy is a life threatening situation. The game is simply tactful; its brilliant when youre alive and even when youre dead the game is still fun to watch other players. Global offensive did change a lot of what Counter Strike used to be about; the introduction of casual mode especially walking through others was something that still doesn't sit well with me. Focus of match making vs server browsing is another one that has segmented some of the player base. This game is simply a must try and definitely a buy it on sale item as you can most likely make that money back through their marketable items. AN AWESOME GAME FOR FPS LOVERS!!! I LOVE COUNTER STRIKE SERIES!!!!
game-hours: 271.5
review: This is a good game :D
game-hours: 1186.2
review: vry good gaem.
game-hours: 264.8
review: Death is a great teacher. Failure in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is, as it always has been for this series, the greatest way to learn where you should have gone, what you shouldn't have done, and how you could have done better. Counter-Strike players spend a lot of time learning -- consequently, they are always getting better. Growth is an important factor in Global Offensive, especially if you're coming into Counter-Strike fresh or after a sabbatical. This is an extremely hardcore, skill-based first-person shooter, and it forces you to think differently than other modern shooters. If youre a Call of Duty player, youre going to need to change your play style to succeed here. Counter-Strike also tries developing into something new here as well, despite doing little to push itself beyond what its always done best. Global Offensive modifies old maps to keep veterans on their toes, and introduces official new modes that encourage different play styles for the first time in almost 15 years. 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 544.5
review: inventory rpg simulator 10/10
game-hours: 1063.5
review: Already a classic, that's how good it is.
game-hours: 790.9
review: shoot ak ak boolet go above head, all boolet get killed cause of enemy boolet leave csgo burn computer regret the fact you got 30 min ban buy new computer get csgo start game play game redo over
game-hours: 415.0
review: Developers does not care anymore about this game. "Whoa, you are suffering from FPS drops? Hey, let me give you a new weapon skin, 3 music kits which are totaly horrible and add some thing that will decrease your FPS EVEN MORE!" "Tec-9 and P90 is overpowered? Hmm... Allrite den, lemme nerf CZ-75 so it will have 11 seconds reload time and only 1 mag with 5 bullets!" "Or you like Nuke? It is awesome map, isn't it? Well, friend, we are going to replace it with the train! Map nobody likes for competitive play!" "You have noobish teammates? Surprise! We are going to lower price of CS:GO for another week for 80%! HOORAY to unrankeds!" "Problems with hackers and smurfs? MOOOORRRRREEEEE MUSIIICCCC KIIITTTTTTSSSS!!!1!1!1" TL;DR - Weapon skin simulator aka who have better skin have better skill. 11/10 - Would waste 50 on virtual colours again.
game-hours: 400.1
review: This game is pretty good with good gfx and good optimized. Very addictive. Able to play for hours and hours. CS GO For The Win
game-hours: 769.0
review: fajna gierka
game-hours: 170.5
review: good game
game-hours: 959.8
review: Pretty good u kno
game-hours: 372.9
review: OH MY GOD THIS GAME IS SO GOOD I SWEAR IF YOU DONT GET THIS I DONT EVEN KNOW.
game-hours: 1124.0
review: I used to be a tryharder like you, then, I took an AWP in the knee.
game-hours: 979.9
review: Great FPS game. Provides in depth, realistic strategies finishing off to be a superb game [THE NIGERIANS:5/5]
game-hours: 552.9
review: Well i can't tell how good is game, but instead i will tell you a true story: Joined competetive, my rank gold nova 4, while my whole team is master guardain or higher. Was the MVP of the team, got 2 rounds aced, my team cheered me up. In 13:5 round then i said in russian language ''Good game''. My team kicked me and i was banned for 7 days. 7/10 - Hard to master, easy to learn and next time will play with my friends or at least with russians in my team. P.S be aware of scamers, smurfs and some really lucky s
game-hours: 9.4
review: TF2 retextured. Don't play unless you enjoy being called a noob and generally treated like trash by 'leet' players.
game-hours: 19.6
review: I played so much it gave me Anal Prolapse.
game-hours: 8.4
review: Hands down worst FPS I have ever played
game-hours: 174.0
review: Do you want to be rich in steam wallet funds? GET CS:GO! Do you want to learn how to fluently speak russian? GET CS:GO! Do you want to remain stuck in silver because you don't know how the ranking system works? GET CS:GO! Do you want a new operation brings even more rare skins that you're going to get by spending hundreds of euros to open cases? GET CS:GO! Do you want to play on zombie mode servers where russian kids scream when they get left behind? GET CS:GO! Do you want your AK-47 to shoot in the ground although you're aiming for the head? GET CS:GO! Do you want to embark in a fine and exciting experience full of russians and case openings and bets and transactions? GET CS:GO! AVAILABLE NOW, BUT YOU WILL PROBABLY GET IT IN A FEW MONTHS, WHEN IT GETS TO COST 2 EUROS!
game-hours: 505.4
review: Things that you learn when playing Counter-Strike:Global Offensive 1. Russian (Mostly  Blyat) 2. How to get mad as . 3. How to hate the game. 4. But then you go back to it cuz its ing addicting. 5. And then russians kick you and you get a 7 day ban. 6. How to shoot things. 8/8  game - IGN
game-hours: 91.4
review: awesome fun shooter
game-hours: 750.9
review: One of the best FPS games
game-hours: 66.9
review: I counter striked, but he global offensived inside me. I could still remember when he filled my inventory with skins. That day will never happen again, but I would be plagued by the memory of it.
game-hours: 1008.8
review: Typical Counter Strike. Nothing broken, just few improvements. Only thing you will hate about this game are SMURFS. 9/10
game-hours: 703.6
review: The best Counter-Strike I have been ever played! If you don't have a lot of time, you shouldn't buy it... it is so addict!
game-hours: 233.3
review: one of the best fps i have ever seen. it has multiple skins for diffrent guns, the whole "terrorists vs. counter-terrorists" and "plant the bomb" deal was basicly created by these guys! there are some pro guys on here which really inspires me. it actually suprises me how there are professional competitions and a bracket for it too. the experience it totally worth it. i recommend the game to everyone (exept terrorists, it might racist)
game-hours: 506.1
review: I learnt Russian using this simple game, much cheaper than other alternatives
game-hours: 595.3
review: Shoot 'n scoot. But don't scoot while you shoot. Aim for the head.pew.pew
game-hours: 423.1
review: Our Father who AWPs in heaven CS be thy game Uncase begun, them skins be won, Covert - and not a Mil-Spec. Give us this day a StatTrak knife, And forgive us when we rage quit, As we forgive those who aimbot against us, And lead us not into scamnation Undeliver us a Battle Scarred, Gaben.
game-hours: 921.0
review: apesar do q mtos  falam pq nao tem pc q rode o game, o game  daora sim, podem comprar q nao vao se arrepender.
game-hours: 886.4
review: This game is ing ridiculous. Next time I'm one-tapped by a running tec9 I'm uninstalling.
game-hours: 30.1
review: Great game, it is not as hard as I thought. I have just played a little while and already I am bored with Dust 2 deathmatch :P Many mods have been created to this game like Zombie mod... Would be 10/10 if CS:GO had Jatimatic. 9/10
game-hours: 1218.8
review: This game is epic, although it should come with a warning that gaben will take all your money for pretty looking guns
game-hours: 37.3
review: This game give you free money, buy now !
game-hours: 785.4
review: Love it <3
game-hours: 195.4
review: toop
game-hours: 219.0
review: In my opinion, Best FPS of our age.
game-hours: 355.5
review: Hello there. Yes you. You want to learn Russian? Of course you do! Welcome to... Russian to Global Offensive Guide: = nice try, also can mean good luck, good team, well played, ect. blyet= Very good rush idi nahui= Better luck next time! This has been Russian 2 CS:GO with Chompers! 11/10 would  again too
game-hours: 347.7
review: Really good game focusing mostly around competitive gameplay, if you are a try-hard like me then its a must have!
game-hours: 235.3
review: I think 25.7 hours in my first week explains it all.
game-hours: 358.8
review: Best game ever! the game play is magnificent but the community could be better with out the scammers!!!!!
game-hours: 50.8
review: I Like This Game
game-hours: 700.4
review: 8/8 m8 would r8 m8
game-hours: 72.6
review: BEST GAME EVER 1337/420
game-hours: 497.1
review: Befriended 4 Russains 6 Koreans and about 100 Toxic Americans.
game-hours: 150.8
review: Kids get mad if you say the N word after every kill.
game-hours: 118.9
review: You might as well call this game Call of Duty Ghosts 2. The story is super intense and provides lots of fun for everyone.
game-hours: 1314.5
review: Gud gaaym.
game-hours: 454.3
review: Like Smurfs? Like Hackers? Like being stuck in the best skill group? Buy this game for a low low one off price of $15. Then notice how easy it is to hack and get away with it today!
game-hours: 70.2
review: How 2 play Counter-Strike (any of them) Step 1: Get a weapon. Step 2: Aim it at a enemy's head Step 3: Pray to whatever god you worship that the bullet actually hits the guy Step 4: Procced to emty an entire clip into the enemy then find out at the death screen that only 6 of them landed and you died becase the other guy landed 1 bullet to the head Step 5: Rage Quit
game-hours: 421.7
review: By far the best FPS game out there
game-hours: 172.6
review: By far one of the best FPS games
game-hours: 1202.9
review: k
game-hours: 393.9
review: Very fun and strategical game. Highly recommended. Although I think the skins are overrated, they're still something i advise to get. All in all a great game 10/10
game-hours: 43.7
review: Russian/Russian
game-hours: 443.8
review: CS:GO iz a gaem 4 onley teh proest fps players who can rek nubs by 360 noscop 1987 corkkscrw canoning them in tha face frum akros da map thru a wal. I recomend teh BOOM AWP wit 4 stikerz becuz that makes u pro. Also, teh onliee way 2 git teh awesum skins is 2 praiz gaben by sacrifising ur walet in a satanic ritual fashun. All hael gaben.
game-hours: 196.2
review: Great game to play with freinds espically in competitive mode
game-hours: 595.5
review: This game has taken the Counter-Strike series to a new level! The amount of time and effort Valve has put into this game is nuts. The only downside is the cheaters but that should not affect the reviews rate since its the game we are talking about not the players. When I started playing CS:GO I was disappointed but then you need to see the positive things in the game not just trash talk it. Valve has almost hidden all the community servers since they want their own servers to get publicity, A new player would choose "Find A Game" Rather than "browse community servers", I mean its a good start for a new player but the community servers need love to. Now lets talk about the skins in the game since that is the most important part (Kappa). I was sure when I started playing this game that I would _NOT_ spend a single euro on this game, but then the mighty Gaben came down from heaven and made me addicted to skins, and then later that day my saved money was lost in the deep of Gabens cave. This game is running the Left 4 Dead Engine so I would be really glad if they took Source 3 engine when it comes out. Cya Later GabeN 10/10 Would Pay 100 in a virtual game for a virtual knife that does not give any stats at all then looks nice.
game-hours: 28.1
review: There are more russians in this game than there are in Russia
game-hours: 358.7
review: Veri fun, much skins very wow
game-hours: 27.7
review: BAM
game-hours: 458.3
review: I love thise Game, alone the matchmaking mode with some friends is so much fun, and you get rewarded/punished. Also you have the possability to make money with thise Game, that can add some fun too, just seeing the progress of your inventory. If you are trading you have to look out for scammers, sharks etc, but after sometime you will be very familiar with it.
game-hours: 219.3
review: Bad Game Overall Hacker and Smurfer. I become kicks and cant join back into game and get 7 days ban.  this stupid game its the game with the badest matchmaking ever. And 3 minutes to rejoin is not enought. You get kicked by vac server and cant rejoin and get 7 days ban. 2.30 euro for an key and you become out of case 0.03 cent  every time. DONT PLAY THIS GAME
game-hours: 134.3
review: If you want a good competitive game,this is your choice.
game-hours: 411.4
review: n1
game-hours: 634.4
review: good game good mp game
game-hours: 862.8
review: Awesome game very fun 8/8 m8
game-hours: 1255.9
review: krass
game-hours: 469.0
review: vry good dame
game-hours: 720.2
review: good game, good community, Praise Gaben :)
game-hours: 291.6
review: Best Counter Strike ever made compared to the poor graphics engine established in the original Counte Strike Source.It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian. If This game was a potato it would be a good potato.
game-hours: 731.7
review: Graphically appealing and one of the best team-based FPS.
game-hours: 82.8
review: buy it
game-hours: 344.4
review: This is a good game but some players are so stupid...
game-hours: 358.4
review: I don't remember why I stopped playing Counter-Strike1.6 but I'm immediately back at home in CS:GO. Competitive games in perfect scenario: - driven by tactics - team cooperation - positioning - timing - even individual heroics that can change the round. Competitive games in bad scenario: - If you are unlucky you will get a group of screaming flamers. - this is a great way to lose all confidence you had in yourself and the confidence in your team. - after all the screaming they decide to surrender. If you can handle both scenarios this game is for you :) FYI.. If you are new in CS most of the players will show no signs of mercy (deal with it). 10/10
game-hours: 881.7
review: amazing game
game-hours: 715.9
review: PLAY THIS GAME. Dont buy it on xbl get your money worth on pc
game-hours: 347.6
review: Non-Exsisting Hitbox Simulator.
game-hours: 1011.0
review: Salt Simulator 2015 11/10 - IGN "Thanks for the salt, I needed some with my french fries."
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 677.8
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 930.1
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2874.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 208.1
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 784.0
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 677.8
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 930.1
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2874.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 208.1
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 784.0
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 1614.3
review: this game is just top tek
game-hours: 520.8
review: best game
game-hours: 655.7
review: Best game EU !
game-hours: 150.6
review: I have played this for about 30 minutes and im really liking it im playing more of it but i really like this game. its cheap but you need some money like 20$ to start off well in csgo but other than that best FPS PC Game
game-hours: 714.0
review: Knife trading simulator 2k15 but is still the best game i have ever played
game-hours: 516.1
review: Another Valve-Going-to-be-Classic, very demanding skill-wise, potentially addictive , but also a blast and (occasionally ) rewarding. There are some issues with the server capacity because of the rapidly growing community, the Valve AntiCheat-System (VAC) is not on par with current "skill enhancing" programs and skins became more or less the main reason for many players to not abandon Global Offensive. If you like tactic-shooters and especially other CS-Titles, the only thing in your way of enjoying this game is being prejudiced....(or fukd up servers volvo pls). [X/10] [insert] [funny] [IGN]
game-hours: 152.1
review: best game ever
game-hours: 208.0
review: hmm
game-hours: 438.8
review: Best FPS game.
game-hours: 292.1
review: If you're into first person shooters, and especially competitive ones, you have got to have this game in your library !
game-hours: 1171.5
review: ....
game-hours: 1556.7
review: Although a lot of stupid, , antisocial and sometimes maybe cheating people run around in this game, and unfortunately you have to play with then sometimes... Still it makes fun and won't let you go so easily for a long long time. So beware of it's addiction factor. But maybe I'm one of the people described above. Don't let the game get to you so hard, try to have fun and take it easy, that's what I should consider more often!
game-hours: 581.7
review: So good :D
game-hours: 178.2
review: good game
game-hours: 274.7
review: Decent game, not the best graphics wise. That aside, the gameplay and strategy is amazing, amazingly tactical and requires excellent teamwork. You improve not your character.
game-hours: 285.8
review: Counter Strike: Global Offensive An FPS game so good they forgot iron sights.
game-hours: 671.1
review: This is one game i would recommend to all FPS players who wants to have fun playing shooting games online wth other friends , i love the guns , camos are just too sexy. I highly recommend this game .
game-hours: 1063.0
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 684.0
review: This is the BEST GAME IN STEAM!!!
game-hours: 1008.2
review: Best FPS game of all time :)
game-hours: 2943.9
review: Absolute solid gun game, everything about it from the gamemodes to the graphics to the sound and the skins to the community, I can't say enough about this game, except go buy it. :)
game-hours: 351.0
review: Before playing CS:GO - " Who tf would pay $300 for a virtual knife " After playing CS:GO - " I'm gonna spend my Christmas money on a knife! " On a more serious note, I really liked the game and have invested many hours into it ( 38 hrs in the past 2 weeks and I can only play on weekends, including Fridays, so basically I've spent about a third of my weekend, if the math adds up, this past 2 weeks on CS:GO ). I find it really fun to play, I'd just say if its you're very first time palying CS:GO on PC, don't head straight into competitive. I played CS:GO on the XBOX since it was released and was decent at it so I thought it would also apply to PC, but I wasn't accustomed to the mouse and keyboard, and lost a bunch of games in competitive and after my 10 wins I got placed in silver. However, I am getting the hang of it now, and am pretty much top-fragging everygame, just got promoted recently, and pretty much I'm aiming to climb to nova during winter break. Past experiences with this series. As said before I've played it CS:GO on the XBOX. I've also played the original CS and CS:CZ, but I've never touched source before. I'd make a comparison but I was really young when I played this so it wouldn't be very accurate. Community-wise, I haven't ran into many toxic players. Most people are willing to communicate and are pretty nice. This game does have its share of "12 year olds" and people who like to constantly talk to the fact that you can't concentrate, but that is very small, I rarely meet any of these "bad" people. I'd also say that from my point of view, the game is pretty balanced between the 2 sides, I mean sure the T AK is 1 hit headshot ( oh yeah aim for headshots, ight be hard at first but you'll quickly get the hang of it ) while, the CT M4 is 2, you've got to remember that CT's are usually the ones defending, you actually have to get that headshot, you can always pick up an AK from a dead T and you switch sides at 15 rounds, and unless you're 0:15 it should even out. tl;dr My overall rating of the game 10/10, really enjoyed palying it and will continue to do so
game-hours: 219.1
review: game is hard
game-hours: 196.9
review: Awesome Game !! RECOMMENDED FOR FPS PLAYERS OUT THERE
game-hours: 196.3
review: ......................//) ....................,/../ .................../..../ .............//'...'/` ........../'/.../..../......./\ ........('(.......... ~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _. ............\..............( ..............\.............\.. REALLY NICE GAME
game-hours: 414.6
review: 10/10 Good Game!!!
game-hours: 95.9
review: me likey
game-hours: 993.7
review: Love this game. I play CS since v 1.3 and I love it !!! The only ING thing is that sometimes it goes SOOO BS !
game-hours: 1093.8
review: I loooooooooooooooooooooooooooove dis
game-hours: 123.4
review: hi
game-hours: 427.4
review: Starting to ruin my life, 10/10
game-hours: 33.6
review: Bought this game a while back and have recently become addicted to it. 9/10 Counter-Strike:Source was better.
game-hours: 355.4
review: 8/6 would bang
game-hours: 223.4
review: The best online shooters saga history returns with an addictive great game and renovated with multiple modes and game options. The graphic draws attention especially on maps and are quite varied, recognize old maps with amazing quality graphics. The game is constantly updated with maps, passes, community contributions ... etc, extending the life of brutal game. Highly recommended if you like shooters
game-hours: 26.7
review: Absolutely awesome!
game-hours: 94.1
review: Do you like killing kids? Do you not like to run? And waste about 100+ hours of your life? And also waste $100 on skins? Well This game is for you!
game-hours: 232.3
review: NO MOM I CANT QUIT, YOU DONT UNDERSTAND ITS COMPETITIVE!
game-hours: 230.8
review: hahaha
game-hours: 478.4
review: 10/10 could possibly buy it again. Maybe.
game-hours: 920.8
review: BEST!
game-hours: 208.6
review: Can be very fun when playing with friends. May be very frustrating sometimes, but the good times are simply greeat.
game-hours: 162.4
review: point and click teenage social experiment
game-hours: 61.3
review: It may be fifteen dollars, but is a fantastic game for all who love strategic and FPS games. It is short combat (5v5) and has weapons from AWP's (Sniper rifle) to Negev's (Heavy fire machine gun) and more. It also comes with a different combination of grenades and pistols. The only downside is that people tend to get serious over nothing, but is still tons of fun. So if you want to buy it, then buy it, because it is definitly worth fifteen dollars. If you love any valve game or shooter game, than this is the game for you.
game-hours: 1612.1
review: amazon
game-hours: 414.1
review: 10/10 Be ready to rage at teammates, be ready to be raged at.
game-hours: 394.1
review: I love this game!
game-hours: 278.6
review: im still new to Gaming but i Love this game its fun getting to interact with other players and its also just a fun game to play :)
game-hours: 5.0
review: Awesome Fps shoter team and friendly fire go buy
game-hours: 254.3
review: This game is like a roulette, fun until it turns into russian
game-hours: 414.6
review: Awesome game and awesome community.
game-hours: 17.9
review: CS:GO is a nice competetive game to play the learning curve is high but not to high. It's recommanded for players who've played tactical shooters.
game-hours: 659.8
review: The best game on Steam! Enough?
game-hours: 664.5
review: great game, amazing ideas build behined the game its not like your normal fps game
game-hours: 181.4
review: I suck, but when i suck a bit less i actually enjoy it.
game-hours: 1134.8
review: Great game that all need fixing is valves servers tick rates...
game-hours: 92.2
review: Very good game :0
game-hours: 447.3
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a ing hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a ing hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a ing noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a ing hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you ing idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a ing idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you ing idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a ing coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you ing idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You ing camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You ing camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You ing hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you ing serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosing and you are in last - Someone vote to kick you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Your team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban The RAGE Simulator is REAL. [Copied review.] + Its impossible to rank up without premades.
game-hours: 234.1
review: 5/5 Good Game!
game-hours: 875.4
review: ELEGANTARO REMEMBER POLISH IS NOT THE SAME AS RUSSIA
game-hours: 76.5
review: Best FPS around, since '99
game-hours: 665.4
review: Noice
game-hours: 1819.6
review: extrakross
game-hours: 1218.9
review: Its Counter-Strike.
game-hours: 1034.0
review: call me mitt romney because i'm fucking gay and wear magic underwear
game-hours: 919.4
review: Games fun but economy sucks XD. Its a really good first person shooter though!
game-hours: 1418.8
review: NICE GAME
game-hours: 504.9
review: Auto sniper most balanced weapon EU/NA best point and click adventure game when using auto
game-hours: 250.5
review: I reccomend this game but.......i get bullied in this game....a lot...
game-hours: 345.1
review: if you wanna be called a "r-tard" by a 12 year old, go ahead.
game-hours: 1260.9
review: The price of this game isnt high enough, there is more cheaters than legit players on this game. Please have a real time overwatch that can ban people instantly. CSGO community is becoming  because of that.
game-hours: 1074.3
review: you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker
game-hours: 677.8
review: Kill someone with a P90 - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!" Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!" In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!" Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!" Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!" Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA" Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!" Blocked by someone - Dies Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!" Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!" Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!" Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!" Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!" Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!" Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?" Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!" Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!" Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked Last round - Everybody buys Negev Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you Win a match - All enemy team rages Lose a match - Yout team rages Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban 10/10 Best rage simulator out there!
game-hours: 76.6
review: Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.
game-hours: 213.0
review: It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
game-hours: 930.1
review: Knife in real life: 10$ Knife in game: 400$ 10/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES 10/10 GOODJOB VALVE WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 936.2
review: It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory. You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own. Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP. You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b. Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods. You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'. You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.
game-hours: 2874.1
review: Revan was only 23 years old. He loved CS:GO so much. He had most of the achievements and items. He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given. "CS:GO is love," he says, "CS:GO is life." His elder Dragon hears him and calls him a silver scrublord. He knows his elder is just jealous of his son's devotion to Gabe. He calls him a console peasant. He slaps him and sends him to sleep. He's crying now and his face hurts. He lays in bed, and it's really cold. He feels a warmth moving towards him. He looks up. It's Gabe! He's so happy, Gabe whispers into Revan's ear, "Try your chances... Open a case." Gaben grabs Revan with his powerful dev-team hands and puts him on his hands and knees. He's ready. Revan opens his pockets for Gabe. Gabe puts his hands deep into Revan's pockets. It costs so much, but Revan does it for CS:GO. Revan can feel his wallet emptying as his eyes start to water. He accepts the terms and conditions. Revan wants to please Gabe. Gaben lets out a mighty roar as he fills Revan's computer with keys. Revan opens all the cases and gets nothing worth anything at all.
game-hours: 208.1
review: >see a guy >shoot him >miss every shot >he turns around >kills me in one shot >exit cs:go 10/10
game-hours: 784.0
review: Got A+ on my Russian exam.
game-hours: 395.0
review: My story of CSGO > Spawn into new game on Dust 2 > Running around in warmup shooting down mid > Team mate peaks eveytime and dies > This happens about 6 times > 6th time he dies he calls hacks on the AWPer > I smash my palm into my forehead thinking "Bro, the match hasn't even started yet. Stop calling hacks" > As we get the match underway the same team mate who called hacks gets killed by the guy saying "WHAT THE " > I tell him to calm down, he calls me a Preb > I dismiss it carry on with the game > We start to win, I'm happy, then my team mate blocks the door so I can't get out > I block the door so he can't get back in becasuse I'm trying to get out, he dies, Yells "WTF WERE YOU DOING, YOU DUMB PREB > Votes to kick "Arklite" > 2 Yes 3 No, He says in a disapproving voice "....Why the crap didn't you kick this guy, YOU DUMB IDIOTS" > The game carry's on we lose a few rounds, win a few rounds > Comes to the last match before half time, I sit at the back of B with an AWP, It's a B rush from the T's > I kill the whole team, happily I yell "ACED" > Suddenly the mad team mate is on my side, yelling at the opposing team saying "SUCK MY FAT  YOU PIECE OF ! ARGHHHHHHHH > Other team tell him to "calm the  down" > They then call him a preb > Spawn in next match as T's > He says go B, we say go A but he has the bomb so we followed him > He stops right at the Bomb side of B tunnels, we get shot down by 2 CT's > Everyone yells at him calling him a dumb idiot > Few rounds in we go B with P90, He thinks we are rushing > I stop at the end of the tunnels to make a tactical peak > He rages at me, at the same time we get flanked > He rage shoots me in the head, opposing team take him out > Yells and curses at me some more > We play a few rounds more, Yet again the team mate rages, Another team mate tells him to calm down > Angry team mate shoots the guy who told him to calm down > Hes down to 0 chances now, He shoots one of us again hes banned > We start a vote kick at 14/15 Opposing teams way > He yells "LET ME DO IT FOR YOU" Shoots me a lot > Chat reads "Angry team mate has been banned for 7 days" > The whole team laughs > We win the next round, It's 15/15 we are happy now > Other team rages at eachother, I laugh and the game ends This makes me sad.... 10/10 WOULD PLAY AGAIN :D
game-hours: 485.9
review: 10/10 woud bang
game-hours: 385.2
review: I SUCKED MY DAD FOR THIS GAME!
game-hours: 63.7
review: A basic but greaat shooter must have game : )
game-hours: 249.1
review: I love this game
game-hours: 131.9
review: One Of the most EPIC game of all time................ HAPPY FRAGGIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 819.8
review: Very good game, Insanely replayable
game-hours: 23.5
review: awesome and fun game
game-hours: 180.2
review: Game for filthy casuals. 10/10
game-hours: 459.5
review: Sankyou
game-hours: 779.9
review: Awesome Game!, im glad that I bought it :D
game-hours: 410.1
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 34.2
review: How do I aim in this case simulator?
game-hours: 279.3
review: 10/10 -- ezy skins, ezy lyfe 11/10 -- with rice.
game-hours: 259.1
review: 9999/10
game-hours: 113.9
review: chickens have more hitboxes than people 9/11 - IGN chickens > people
game-hours: 666.9
review: Bockt mega :D nur scheiss hacker und smurfer unterwegs
game-hours: 712.0
review: best game
game-hours: 660.8
review: angry russian, little kids mic spamming, the occasional hacker, smurfs in every competitive match, just a taste of what this game has.
game-hours: 778.2
review: This game taught me to wash my hands. When I wash my hands, I get a better grip on my mouse! Better performance. 10/10
game-hours: 1181.7
review: I shot a man and got global elite.
game-hours: 393.9
review: Probably the best FPS game there as ever been and always will be. This game will make you rage like mad, but still make you want to play it more.
game-hours: 247.4
review: High Intensity gameplay that will have you at the edge of your seat. Massive amounts of room to get better and playing with friends opens the way for increased stragety and communication. Careful playing alone as the community can be very nasty!
game-hours: 19.8
review: ITS AWSOME!
game-hours: 482.8
review: 9/10 recommend. The tenth one is still confirming. Things you learn from CS:GO 1. Teamwork and coordination 2. Situational awareness 3. Reflexes and aim 4. Practice and dedication 5. At least one in five people is always a jackass. Some days I love this game. Other days this game makes me want to take a shotgun to my monitor. One of the highest skill ceilings I've ever seen in a game. The best thing I can say about this game is that it is completely balanced. Your performance is a result of your individual skill. I have 400+ hours on this game, and I'm still a noob. Play this game at your own risk. It might end up sucking all the joy and hope out of your already-too-short life.
game-hours: 936.4
review: don heff 2 b med, es onlee gem.
game-hours: 292.9
review: I really like this game. It just takes time to be good at the game. I recommed to play the other games and not go into competitive and get rekt like i did, but over the time I was the person rekting the other people.
game-hours: 196.6
review: This game is a 10/10 on the cheek scale.
game-hours: 933.6
review: This game has stolen my life. Just look at the hours played. It is almost perfectly optimized and balanced allthough some maps anger me. I would reccomend it to anyone who likes FPS games.
game-hours: 205.2
review: love this game
game-hours: 1093.1
review: great
game-hours: 428.2
review: Ultimately a great tactical shooter. Graphics are refined and are supported with awesome gameplay. Multiple modes also exist in the game such as Demolition, making the game possess more variety and a greater experience for the community. Into the competitive gameplay, the game is fundamentally uses tactics supplied with FPS action, differentiating it from other games. If you're into shooters and tactics, CS:GO is definitely a game that you must pick up.
game-hours: 2401.4
review: Love this game
game-hours: 285.2
review: Best game 10/75
game-hours: 97.1
review: Great Game takes a while to get used to but fun with friends!! :D
game-hours: 156.8
review: I liked this game very much, the best part about this game was the competitve matches this is where most of the action happens i recommend this to people that like first person shooter games and like fast pace gameplay.
game-hours: 357.0
review: BINGO BANGO BONGO BISH BASH BOSH EASY PEASY LEMON SQUEEZY
game-hours: 76.8
review: Call of duty... Too unrealistic & quick paced? Battlefield 4, too hard not to get killed? Arma 3... Too tactical and difficult for noobs? Blackshot... Love that game? Than you will love this! This arena shooter is mixed with a tactical feeling and that teamwork and skillz are the only thing to win the game! Don't worry though... Skillz devolop over time.
game-hours: 1986.0
review: best game nuff said
game-hours: 787.5
review: Very good game with friends and ruskis ;)
game-hours: 498.7
review: Great Game! 10/10
game-hours: 228.4
review: -Armsrace bots are better than me -My arab friends make racist jokes of them being terrorists -Dust2 counter-terrorists have wierd hats -My recoil control is like standing up peeing in the morning -10/10
game-hours: 323.1
review: Amazing game :)
game-hours: 889.1
review: Fast action FPS that requires a lot of teamwork and communication. If you get lucky it has a decent community.
game-hours: 358.6
review: I bought this game thinking it was Heroes & Generals meaning I then couldn't afford Heroes & Generals which brought me to suicide. However, this game is far better than I had first imagined it ever could be and helped me destroy my social life so much that my girlfriend left me and I my friends and family disowned me. Pros: Still gonna kill myself very soon Cons: n/a Overall: 10/10
game-hours: 563.8
review: Great game that is very competitive. If you're looking for an FPS game that is more competitive that those  COD or BF, CSGO is your answer.
game-hours: 562.3
review: !!
game-hours: 785.5
review: great game
game-hours: 219.2
review: great game, really fun and challenging, but the scamming community is too vast. be careful with who you trade with
game-hours: 183.7
review: Noice.
game-hours: 655.7
review: Best game EU !
game-hours: 150.6
review: I have played this for about 30 minutes and im really liking it im playing more of it but i really like this game. its cheap but you need some money like 20$ to start off well in csgo but other than that best FPS PC Game
game-hours: 714.0
review: Knife trading simulator 2k15 but is still the best game i have ever played
game-hours: 516.1
review: Another Valve-Going-to-be-Classic, very demanding skill-wise, potentially addictive , but also a blast and (occasionally ) rewarding. There are some issues with the server capacity because of the rapidly growing community, the Valve AntiCheat-System (VAC) is not on par with current "skill enhancing" programs and skins became more or less the main reason for many players to not abandon Global Offensive. If you like tactic-shooters and especially other CS-Titles, the only thing in your way of enjoying this game is being prejudiced....(or fukd up servers volvo pls). [X/10] [insert] [funny] [IGN]
game-hours: 152.1
review: best game ever
game-hours: 208.0
review: hmm
game-hours: 438.8
review: Best FPS game.
game-hours: 292.1
review: If you're into first person shooters, and especially competitive ones, you have got to have this game in your library !
game-hours: 544.9
review: 10/10 mother russia pizdec pidorka
game-hours: 3097.9
review: Done at DMG GG. Lots of rattlesnakes.
game-hours: 601.7
review: The amount of your life this game will consume is spooky.
game-hours: 145.2
review: gaben pls promote 9/11 much laughter
game-hours: 123.8
review: I thought this would be like Call Of Duty. Then I played it. Its way  better.
game-hours: 1711.9
review: pls buy mic before you play game, thanks :) 11/10
game-hours: 376.9
review: Nice game
game-hours: 334.7
review: It's good when servers don't crap out. It's also good when you don't go up against smurfs. It's also good when you don't run into hackers. It's also good when your teammates aren't bad. It's also good when the other team doesn't stack up on autos. Ye its good tho
game-hours: 16.1
review: Definitely the best-playing and best-looking CS game in the series, in my opinion. Worth the 15 quid so much. The extraeneous TF2-eceonomy crap they've added in is a bit dissapointing, but it's still a good game.
game-hours: 83.3
review: Was playing on de_dust Get Awp 1 v 5 I get ace Kicked for hacking 10/10
game-hours: 36.1
review: Call of Duty is to Xbox Live as Counter Strike: Global Offensive is to Steam. Im not saying that because they're both modern military shooters, im saying that because they're both modern military shooters with horrid excuses for "Communities" Don't get me wrong, the gameplay, although difficult to get the hang of, is brilliant. However,Simply put, CSGO suffers from the exact same issue that all of Valve's other games do; some of the worst communities you will ever find on the planet. Not even Call of Duty's community is THIS bad. Sure, there are tons of under-aged kids who shout *anything* through their mics, and tend to camp, use OP weapons just to piss people off, etc., but the CSGO community is full of hackers, scammers, relentless trolls, and skin junkies. Not unlike Team Fortress 2, i honestly enjoy collecting skins, even if i try to be cheap with them (there is no way im buying a $300 knife). However, weapon skins have corrupted the CSGO community so badly that pro players are throwing and fixing OFFICIAL COMPETITONS for their glorious StatTrak AWP Dragon Lore skins! And to think people still believe hats ruined Team Fortress 2... Simply put, CSGO is no different from TF2, L4D2, Portal 2, or DotA 2; good games with the most cancerous communitites not even Call of Duty can surpass.
game-hours: 653.3
review: .
game-hours: 904.2
review: Pretty great if you ask me.
game-hours: 529.1
review: This game is the reason why i have to take summer school. 10 out of 7
game-hours: 1466.4
review: Metapod Meta Metapod
game-hours: 1154.6
review: dank  m8
game-hours: 671.5
review: aye
game-hours: 39.6
review: Best game in CS
game-hours: 1620.9
review: Best COD game since call of modern source 10/10
game-hours: 542.9
review: Don't do Drugs; Do Counter Strike.
game-hours: 966.7
review: nice game
game-hours: 1317.9
review: My life is this game. 11/10 Would buy another knife!
game-hours: 786.9
review: This game stole my life.
game-hours: 206.3
review: Survives 10 rounds in a row in Competitive but recieves understand for being AFK one round Shot within thirty seconds everytime in Casual then to be kicked for inactivity 11/10 for accidently hitting the Windows button instead of Function when a vote is called.
game-hours: 1073.3
review: Do not buy this game. The game itself could be really fun and is probably one of the best shooters ever made. But the amount of cheaters in this game is just not acceptable anymore and VALVE is doing absolutely nothing to stop it. I absolutely cannot recommend to buy this game. At the moment there is a cheater in EVERY SINGLE competetive match and I'm not exaggarating. This game is not fun to play anymore.
game-hours: 527.0
review: Met this one guy didn't mind me talking about my experience of how I couldnt unwrap myself from my blanket he actually engoraged me and togther we both bonded over the experience a whole 2 months later he is now my father and we have a great family togeth in the suburbs or uganda 2/10 great game would recommend to anyone with sence of style and more than 1 table in your house
game-hours: 721.6
review: If you want to spend more money on the ingame items than the game itself this is a game for you.
game-hours: 87.1
review: Bought so many cases and skins I was locked out of my bank account for 4 days. 420/69 would do it again
game-hours: 292.5
review: ZBS
game-hours: 1038.2
review: This game is really fun I have fun with the gun and play yes
game-hours: 75.6
review: Risks life for country, government makes you buy your own guns.
game-hours: 770.3
review: de_dust2, de_dust 2 everywhere!
